will be such a shame when the US Govt repossesses that nice house.
Comey, is this your's and Mueller's tree?
Alittle late but I hope your holidays were nice! America misses you! Happy New Year Sir.
I wish you a long prison term
Nice house for someone who has behaved like a corrupt politician and abused their power.  May The Lord have Mercy on you.
Like the mug
You’re totally delusional
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
We wish you were in prison.
And to you and your family.  You and Mueller are the two people I revere the most.@LanciaHopkins2
"No matter, whay you believe"!!!
In America People doesn,t thinking, TABU!!!
Wear slippers around the house, to be healthy one requires a sanitary, healthy environment, as well.
Your tree, chair pattern, & lamp are hideous!! Who the decorated your house??? It’s like Bert & Ernie threw up in there...
Check your privilege bro. Confess.
Flabbergasted. Missed his at the time but single star on the green tree says “brier”—greenbrier
Christmas was tight. Maybe next year I can gift you an item.
Decent man!
A "PEACE"?!!!
I think I see some lice better get the shampoo
I think you and OTHER Obama lackeys wished us the peace of the GRAVE, if we did not buy into your Lefist LOON ideology. Inside EVERY liberal is a totalitarian screaming to get out and run everybody else's lives.
Harry Potter book?
I wish you would get lost
So your worth 20 million dollars?    HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH....Merry Christmas Jim.  Jail time.   MAGA!
Same to you.  Im sorry for this assault in bith iur Constitution and your beloved FBI.  My wish is we fix this and restore your good name
54,000 likes Mr. Comey. That says it all. The majority of the people are not swayed by FOX news and Donald Trump! We hope your Christmas Day is going great! 
I liked him to keep an eye on his BS and to complain ! Maybe 54,000 others think he should be in prison also
I believe you shouldn't have pulled your October surprise. Merry Christmas.
She was still going to lose.
Love that tree!!!!  Simple and perfect.
Thank you. Peace to you. We believe you care deeply about responsible, ethical leadership. We're listening, reading, re: past happenings. 
Success is the best revenge, and I wish you and your family great sweet success this new year, sir. And btw, totally digging the coffee mug! 
God Bless you and your family, Mr. Comey
We wish you well always and the strength to persevere.
I believe you. You are doing a great job of taking care of yourself. Stay strong!
Hope it is the last Christmas you spend in your home. Hope you spend the rest of your life behind bars.

New Balance is about all I can wear, other than Birkenstocks, Naöt, and shoes made on a curved last. I have the widest feet, and highest arches my physical therapist has ever seen. I know it, and she knows it, too.
I'm glad to see you have a normal looking house. Like the rest of us - except those who have gold toilets. xo
Thank you for your honesty and service. And I forgive you for what you did to Hillary and the Country!...Trump 
Love the cup
Chair looks comfy too.
It does
I wish you&your family Peace>Sad2see how deeply&hatefully divided we are/We are being PREYED upon in Cyber Space &Republicans are inDenial/How can they notCare? Or be so blinded by partisan hate they don't see threat2our Democracy& Sovereignty? Am outraged&struggle2find Kindness
Love the FBI mug touch...once FBI, always FBI. 
Holy smokes!  I rock the same 990’s as @Comey??  I’m destined for greatness!!
terrible haircut
As long as peace was accomplished by you helping to rig the election and phony Russian collusion bull 
Is this the view of your cell-mate?
You sound like a nice man What happen Comey that u lost yr way...Truth Dignity Responsibility Ethics yr Unbias Investigation Where was yr leadership 2 inv even those in higher power.U knew @the time doing yr job would cost http://u.In  the end yr cover up still cost u
REALLY???
How kind were you and your FBI to victims of Gov't and its partnership?  Where's is our Justice?  Screw the FBI, it's never been anything more than a politically corrupted agency that has always abused its Authority & covered up political corruption!
Bet your servants hate cleaning those windows.
Everything you plotted and plan for our 45. Shall go back to you.  Boomerang boomerang back to you 
187 back to you
It appears your interior decorator had suffered a nervous breakdown. And the cup....OMG.
You tried to steal the election.  You can give all you want.....you'll get nothing but cruelty from the millions of Trump voters you tried to steal the election from.
Enjoy it James, you are getting locked up. And by the way you are a certified drama loon
Peace when I am save to walk my streets in my city without being mugged or killed. Peace when no you robs my home. Peace when no one fires a bullet through the window. #ReleaseTheMemo
#ReleaseTheMemo  #MAGA
#WeAreTheStorm   #Qanon 
#WeThePeople    #NotABot
I love the leaded glass lamp. Thank you for your service sir. We need more patriots like yourself in charge
I'd fire you in a second, you weirdo.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EcR7WPZUBs …
You would wear new balance. Scum
In your house, no less. You are possessed
No matter what I believe???? What??? You and you alone created the turmoil in the USA!! U JC not the American people! U! Get ready JC! Jail is around the corner! High crimes and misdemeanors don’t belong in FBI!
We wish you imprisonment.
James this nation is full of hateful people!  Ignore them, I know a man with good values when I hear and see one.  You speak in a kind way.
You need a few more lights!  
Spoken like a true secular globalist. Kumbayah...no mention of the Prince of Peace...just more PC GOBBIDEEGOOK to pat yourself on the back and make yourself feel good.
You won't have a tree in prison~
God bless you and your
Family.
Well, Jimbo: you certainly gave more than a little kindness to Hillary.
Beautiful D.C. House for a civil servant.
I WISH...YOU WERE IN JAIL!   MAYBE BY NEXT CHRISTMAS YOU WILL BE!
Maybe the last Christmas before your trial on Treason, obstruction of justice and perjury.  I hope you enjoy the last year of your freedom with your kids
You Lying Piece of Sh!t.  you knew Hillary was Never going to be prosecuted and you LIED to Congress and the American People.  To Jail with YOU!
I believe you are crooked. Thanks.
That tree must be the size of at least 3 of our trees out here in the real world.  You blew a cushy thing by lying and breaking the law.  Leakers go to jail!
I love seeing so down to earth...happy new year
Time and again, we see that money doesn't correlate with taste
Hope you and your family's new year is a wonderful year and thank you Sir for your dedication and device so sorry you are not in service now you are a amazing person!!! Again Thank You
Peace would be lovely, as would truth or justice. Not sure we'll see any of those over these next few years. If you could do it over, would you do it the same?
Your cell is ready at gitmo
How much did that Tiffany lamp cost?
Seriously. I've no problem with wealth, except when they preach whats good for you & I, as if this meathead has a clue about real living in the real world. What a phoney.
To think this guy was supposedly a Conservative all his life!.. and now the pandering to the progressive left is either completely disingenuous or a full on sell out of Principles
Last FREE Christmas??

#LockHimUp
Omg!  So beautiful!  Thank you!  I love Christmas Trees!
Comey you were put on earth for a reason, fulfill that Reason....the only collusion Trump know he is Whitey underneath all that fake spray tan, I always let my kids be friendly with people no matter our race, Trump has little round circles people been touching him with 10 ft pole
love the window wall
You wear shoes in the house?  Lucky!!
And we wish you nothing more than what you deserve, about a 10-20 year prison term for your abuse of your position against @realDonaldTrump
Not only should you be indicted for treason, but for wearing New Balance shoes!!!
And to you too
How tall was that tree? Hope you had a Merry one.
How much coal did you get
COR. POLITICIZATION OF THE DOJ & FBI!
We will all be at peace when you come clean and tell the truth about all your crimes in protecting the Clintons.  You have been exposed so just come clean see you are now quoting.  Did you finally see the light and the bad path you were on.
Just an observation...
Paper star on the tree, reads "Drier 1994", and is that the FBI handbook under your mug?
As an American, red blooded, blue collar, average joe, with children, a job, bills, and a wife... I'd rather stand with you against tyranny and treason, this holiday season. Have a great year. God bless.
Lets see that other ankle...you got one of these yet? Get ready!
Hope you had a wonderful Christmas.  I'm looking forward to buying your book!  Make it a fabulous NEW YEAR!
I wonder if you will be able to have your own tree in your own cell.  Tick tock...
You are the Greatest! My idol 
Are you wearing shoes?  In the house?  My heavens...
You gave your buddy classified information to leak to the press - get ready for some jail time!!!!
Get rid of the twin tier justice system would give everyone  peace and you should of put Hillary in prison
I hope you found a useful purpose for all the coal.
Jim... ditch the @NewBalance and gets some @Nike’s bro! 
I have peace Jimmy Boy, do you? He knows Jimmy, He knows.
LIAR!
I want that cup
Wow it was huge and very nice 
Fair enough... I’ll skip the insults against you on this post! #DoingItForChristmas
I like your coffee mug :)
Believe? Think? We all know you sold out! You must feel horrible about yourself, sleep well lately?
Nice try.  You’re still going to prison.
Maybe you can find the 30,000 emails
Your ceiling height says boss and you sneaks say Dad!
Of course we know you! Thank you. Best wishes for this year.
How's the inside trades?
that is one ugly couch
I believe and think whatever you do or say is irrelevant. 

You're a small-do-nothing swamp rat that was drained. 

I bet you heard a slurping sound as you packed your brown box & stepped outside the FBI & outside US govt affairs.

Slurp-slurp Comey.

#DrainTheSwamp
our tree....our million dollar house...my pension for life...my beemer...my rich life! i probably have a nice 6 figure job to now! hell, i was in goverment! im now on ez street for life!
Good wishes back to you and yours Sir for a peaceful kindand safe 2018!
Saves putting up a gallows for you Comey.
evidence against u is mounting & horrifying.  If u did or allowed this corruption u must repent & make amends. repentance means confess to our precious Lord, make amends & change the behaviour.  Seek the light; Jesus will forgive a repentant sinner. However, God is NOT mocked.

You really let a lot of conservatives down, James.  If you are a believer, please, please make things right, even if it means looking bad.  People will really respect you if you make things right.  Until then...

Glad you're gone and praying justice catches up with you. Pie face.
Jim, in the photo---are you reading another stolen FBI memo???? Support @POTUS #MAGA
Well, you gave lots of kindness to Hillary and the Depp State while you failed kindness to the people's duly elected President---while your Deputy and other agents violated the Hatch Act plotting a silent coup. Support @POTUS #MAGA
I sure hope liberals see the #whiteprivilege in this pic they keep accusing the AMERICAN WORKER of enjoying! #wakeup liberals! The AMERICAN WORKER doesn't enjoy life at this @Comey elite level. We elected @POTUS! God BLESS us!
If you weren't such a dirty cop and if I wasn't such good friends with a DEA knowing how corrupt they all are knowing that's why we never WON the WAR on drugs in America nothing but a ploy to put the white man in prison.. DEA ALL corrupt and the ones that weren't got pushed out
Wishing you and family peace and happiness in the coming year!
We wish you justicefor America! You are on the side of corruption and radical agenda! Not for america! Money talks$$$
We will only have a decent society when those deluded souls who think they're rich stop supporting those who are obscenely rich!  Happy New Year to Mr Comey & family 
You have help destroy 1000's of lives... maybe you should be doing alot of giving!!!
Empty and insincere words from a political hack. No truth no honesty.
I wish you what you totally deserve.
I hope your reading #ClintonCash and reflecting on how ya sold out America by letting these criminals get away with #DeepState crimes. If you were compromised, wish you would of seemed help! I do hope in 2018 Truth sets us free of this nightmare! #MAGA 
You only want peace if only on your side of the fence.
Your so dame fake be gone already
I hope you’ll be forthcoming some day about the email statement concerning HRC at a crucial point in election while omitting trump issues.  Were you played ? That’s what we wonder.
I would have peace with a house like that. Lord knows I have earned I opposing unethical lawyers like u for 20 years! Took your badge and gun? Miss em? Quit crying and shut up!
What a kook this guy is. A totally disgraceful human being. This kook and family should be exiled to Siberia.
No matter what you believed, you as an Officer of the Law, should have actually followed the Law! You Failed! @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Sir it looks like you're running...I hope for office?
I wish you'd tell the truth. Then I will have peace
Like hell you do
Is this an ad for @newbalance ? Hope they send some free shoes!
And a few fixed felony charges too
You sir are tossing Hillary salad to this day, you ran a corrupt FBI and have damaged a great American institution.
I think you disgraced your nation and @fbi for political gain
So sad poor Americans like myself paid for your elegant home and all we got was a cheap criminal.. I am trying to make every penny count and you are living the high life.....by being corrupt....
I will only get peace when you are arrested.  You are a dirty cop, an embarrassment to the FBI.
Your lights are crooked- just like you.
Nice tree and peaceful scene.  Thank you for sharing, brings peace at such a turbulent and tumultous time.  Keep the scriptures coming! Perhaps you should explore fiction writing and end with scriptures to sum it all up. Release a book every christmas;-).
