Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity!
Yes !!! Indeed we are proud of you Always.
Why should we believe the FBI when they have lied to use for decades? Why did you and your bureau hid the tarmac meeting? You can keep tweeting like your honest, but you know what's coming.
Us*
Hi Jim 
We know. We know exactly what’s going on.
🖒
We thank you for your service to our Country FBI will always be in your blood just sorry you had to pay for TRUMP'S stupidity
Thank you so much for your service! Hold your head up high, the truth always prevails. (hopefully quickly)
Wish you weren’t such a liar!
LIAR.
@comey I have always had great respect for the agency you led and at one time every pursed becoming an agent because I believe passionately about what they/u stand for.  As a nation we cannot allow the current administration to change this.  that you for your service.
B S
Get a job.
well, people are corruptible, greed is the cause. IMO FBI knew of the real estate money laundering and let it go Bad cops are out there Just sayn'
We know it Mr. Comey.. our President is the one putting out fake news. It’s sad and embarrassing !
Hahahahahahahahahahaha #Trump broke you! You evil crook!  #MAGA
Guess who leaked Hillary's emails to wikileaks? It was FBI agents who were absolutely disgusted with Jim Comey's fake investigation into her corruption
LMAO..Did you come up with that by yourself baby boy??..
It’s all true .... are you in denial? Go ahead look it up , go for it .... all reported by congress ..and the FBI itself reported it ... lol this liberals is in deep denial lol he thinks the Clinton’s are good people ... wow he would love for the debt to increase like it has.
Thank you sir!! We all know the truth.
We trust the good men and women of the FBI who tirelessly protect and serve our country with honesty and integrity. Thank you, Mr. Comey!
Count me #TeamFBI
I bet you can't say the same about the CIA?
 
Last I heard, FBI was part of DOJ, which is part of the Executive branch. Some of that "independence" would have been very apropos while you guys were helping Holder/Obama turn in the US into just another dirty ward of Chicago.
Thank you for your service 
we believe u
Most of us do
According to a poll created by you (plural).
If you had any integrity you would tell the truth. You have sold your soul, but not to late for forgiveness. God knows what you have done, I mean actually, God knows what you have done.  Not to late. Fight the Evil inside you.  Take the first step.
that has got to be the biggest bunch of bull i've ever heard!
Lies  lies lies
Thank you for your service sir, but the Hillary email scandal was a really big mistake to announce that. I am sure you really regret it.
In Dem terms
We believe you James ... it's the other guy that nobody believes.
Change that puppet to Hillary and/or Obama and it’s  % correct and clever. #UraniumOne
Outside of Sessions we know this•
We’re with you, Mr. Comey!
Why isn’t Hillary Clinton in prison, when many others who mishandled classified information are?
Because corrupt Comey let her off
If the neutral fbi is corrupt then all of them are. No exceptions
Comey isn’t neutral. He was on the Board of USBC, a bank involved with the Clinton Foundation which was banned from contracts with the Federal Government Until Clinton’s State Department overrode the ban.

He worked for Boeing in the year as lobbyist in which they received an +
There are literally hundreds of former Government employees who are no2 lobbyists. Let's be honest.
Yes but you’re missing the timing & connection. Comey worked with Boeing while she was SecState, then moved on to work for Businesses related to the Clinton Foundation

When he went to non CF related company, he was only there 3 mths before Obama nominated him. He was hand picked
Its not only the FBI that wont pursue Hilary. No one has evidence of wrong doing, not even the gop. But on the flip side the gop hired Mueller. Face it, trump screwed up when he fired comey for russia probe.
It’s not that there’s no evidence, there was plenty. Comey & his second in command McCabe were both paid NOT to indict her. Comey destroyed evidence.

Mueller is buddies with Comey. Neither was going to indict her. Both would be happy to find something on Trump. The only stuff
Remember this, James Comey?

This was you, denying Paul Combetta altering or "destroying" federal records.

You know Paul, from, Platte River Networks.

I remember.
Also, where is Bryan Pagliano?

He was subpoenaed to show up to court, but didn't.

No one said anything.
Then why wasn't Hillary brought to justice? Why?
Thanks Mr. Comey.  Sane Americans believe you and are behind the agency 100%!
Too bad it seems as is 30% of Americans are INSANE!
I have never witnessed such insanity.
I see it everyday on twitter
20.7 million bots following T,ump. bots can't vote.
Is that how many are bots?? Sometimes I can tell right away.
More than half of his followers as of about a month ago are bots
Data? Or anything other than your word on this?
Gave immunity to those that didn't deserve it, agency failed when it came to basic due diligence on investigating the DNC 'hack', agency's assessment on Guccifer 2 was critically flawed and questions remain about that exoneration you wrote.

and you consider that to be honest!?
Voiced your opinion when it wasn't worth anything.
LOL @theashbhat needs to fix his shit then.
What I stated was true though.

So... express a dissenting opinion.... get falsely branded as a bot... is all that's happened.
But but, the bot says you're a BOT!!!
So, are you saying the problem was with the Obama justice dept? AG?
No. Plz show your work. What are you talking about/responding to?
You have to tweet within the thread to let me know what ur asking about.
We aren’t doubting our rank & file agents. It’s only some of the very high up management officials, that lack in integrity. Stop trying to conflate the two.
Hey Comey! Lawyer Up! Bye Mueller
Yes it will be as long as you’re not leading it or your little group you surrounded yourself with
I want the American people to know the truth: The FBI has been taken hostage. Donald Trump will free the hostages and make the FBI great again.

True the FBI is strong and honest... but not so true about it's Agents
The 2 most trusted LE agencies in the country should be above reproach & it appears some in your ranks were behaving badly.  You should reserve at least a little bit of your scorn for them.  And shame on you for trying to hide it from the public.
Then why weren’t you? Why did you change? I thought you were different? I defended you until I couldn’t any longer, you made huge mistakes. You were no longer independent!
the FBI WAS seen as honest and unbiased, I can say that because I know a handful of active and retired agents.  YOU have just about single handedly brought down this premier agency.  YOUR biases, YOUR loyalty to the Clintons, YOUR blindness has now set the agency apart.
Bahahaha   Umm yes, Mr. Comey sure did help Hillary win and she's so grateful But I hear they're trying to impeach her!
He's that incompetent. He did try though but she still lost.
It was till u came along..
Keep telling them that when they haul you off in handcuffs!
Sure! There all just like u right? You failed us http://horribly.You  let clinton get away with a crime! U sold yourself and the American people out by changing a couple of words when u knew it was wrong! That's not honest Comey! You are a liar! And u will pay for it dearly!
You are delusional!
#Crooked #Criminal #dirtycop
Liar
I want to believe this, I really do. However there are text messages that speak otherwise. Text messages from people who desperately needed to be non political and independent in this situation. Thank you however for your service to our country.
We know, and we agree.
Lol Now more evidene that FBI did stand for Fix Be In for Clinton. More bombshells coming?
Not Comey he should be in jail
.
you're a joke
I have all the respect to you guys God speed and no worries the thug is going down and he knows it
Your really not saying ok I'm going to tell you the truth are you! 1st thing learned in interviewing is when criminals start with that phrase it's followed by a lie.
I believe that, all the way.
The FBI is not independent, you're a corrupt arm of the DNC and Obama. You have been politicized.

There are lies, damn lies, then James Comey opening his mouth ! I didn’t believe your “Clinton Matter” and I sure in hell ain’t buying your Trump Meeting “matter.”

God bless you James Comey, I stand with our intelligence Community. Thank you for your service, Truth always prevails
Then, why were you told to change wording to matter!! How could you have helped get HRC off from her Crimes. Something is bad at the top.
True, but top leadership including you are corrupt. House cleaning is in order.
I believe most of the FBI are honest, hard working, loyal patriots. But NOT you my friend! Do they have Twitter in GITMO?
Then why did you write up Hills exoneration before interviewing her??? Waiting......
Unfortunately it's going to take another 9/11 to wake up mills & others who don't remember what happened last time.Poss blessing in disguise
Sad, either you are a corrupt liar or you are you are so corrupt you don't realize you're spreading deceit or finally you're mentally weak and easily mislead. No matter which it's sad day for America.
FBI was honest until you came along.
You are expected to be honorable but, you are just a crook!
Seems the American people are finding out the truth about the FBI after yesterday.
Once they fix it, good thing they started by firing you WEASEL! #MAGA

What a joker!!
The REAL truth is that you, James Comey, have been a liar, a traitor and an embarrassment to the DOJ.Your self-righteousness, during your entire career, makes you the laughing stock of all who have worked with you.  Preach on!
We got your backs G- men/women
But you, Chief Leaker, are not honest.
You are Hillary Clintonso BOY
maybe now that you are gone they are
Lol if the FBI was strong you would of locked up Hillary, idiot that's right she didn't do anything wrong lol!
Would you like to revise your comments now?
More than anything on a day like today..We hope you are right.  Many Americans are rightly worried about Christopher Wrays integrity today.
The FBI has been an exemplary institution since 1925.Trump has been the worst president in American History for 1year.93 yrs get the credibility nod over 1 miserable yr.My bet:FBI acquits itself and convicts Trump +Co.Just mad about the damage he's already done.
I sure hope UR right on this one Bill!
Thank u,when more comes out,Trump will have less+less wriggle room.He is fueled by fear;between Father Time and the GMen+GWomen he's going to run out of gas.70%of the ppl see thru him.
I wish it was more like 170% of 
ppl believing that! If there was
such a thing of course!
We all know how great our FBI is, jWhat happened to you. I hope you can stand looking at that guy in the mirror I don’t wish you any bad luck but I don’t wish you any good luck either.
Mueller and DNC are planning to hang you out to dry. It would be in your best interest to come clean.
Until you came along ... or was it until the Obama Administration came along?  I am sure once the rotten apple, or 2, is thrown out of the barrel, your words will then ring true!
The men and women of the FBI mostly fit your description. Its corrupt Directors like you et al, that have ruined the FBI reputation.
So honest that top agents and the deputy director are talking about an “insurance policy” against Trump???
Most of the field agents are, but it doesn’t look like you, Andy, Peter, and mistresses are
Lies
Seriously?? C’mon Comey don’t LIE
You don't seem very "independent" to me.  You worked at the FBI. Also, didn't an FBI agent just get removed from the Mueller investigation for NOT being independent? The institution can't be independent if it's members are not.
Weed out the deep state hacks in the agency then.
Bullshit

The leadership has gone to far .They are not independent they must answer to the people through http://congress.You  are so corrupted with your power you cannot see your disgrace.
It doesn’t look that way to me and many others right now. The public needs and deserves to know what really happened. We need the information!
You aren’t the FBI. That is obvious!!

NOT!!!

More so...WITHOUT you!!!
Then why did you let Strzok convince you to change Gross Negligence to Extreme Carelessness? Remember  DNC wanted you investigated.
ALMOST.... LOL
Lets brush under the carpet the infiltration of NY FBI by Russian spies.
It was!
This was on your watch, correct?
2. ...giving local PD info on what stores I used to locate me...why? Was I wanted for AMYTHING? Hell no! I was running from a stalker COP & his buddies including FBI & SS agents. 

I am STILL being hounded w harassing phone calls daily. 16 F'ing years. Seriously? Shame on you all
It depends on your job. Ive met some honest & some not. Those in political circles tend not to be.
We call him cave Comey.    Clintons have something on Comey.
eating your words now, aren't you
We agree even though we know they have problems like any big agency.
This is all so bizarre.  The law & order idiot in chief tearing down the DOJ/FBI. He’s guilty as hell. No one innocent would do what tiny hands McGee is doing. Just ask John Dean.
The FBI as a whole is full of honest agents. But under Comey and Holder these agents were not allowed to properly do their jobs. Its the FBI's reputation that is in tatters but fear not Trump will make it great again.
Try Harder!
lol
Robin Gritz.
It certainly doesn’t look that way, which means there’s a problem there.
We know. We stand behind @FBI  #STOPATTACKSONFBI
I have no doubt the rank and file FBI are honorable but the leadership here was anything but honest, corrupt and destructive to this nation. Treason.
Thx James, I believe you.
I believe you. Too many people only watch Fox News or only listen to Trump. He is trying to discredit the FBI and Mueller, because he knows he's close. Trump is guilty and nervous;and Mueller is getting to the bottom of it. Why else would Trump care?
And George Stephanopolis is without political influence?
Yes that's great , but can they get rid of Donny
One can only dream...
The American People know the TRUTH! The FBI is “CORRUPT” to its core, The FBI “ LIES”, The FBI will be drained of SWAMP CREATURES, that’s you, James Comey! # MAGA
Should have locked her up!!! That's when you Destroyed the agencies integrity!!!!!
I blame the deputy director for failing to arrest his boss amidst blatant negligence. @FBI Further failures to subpoena Comey bank records. How much did the Clinton Foundation pay you?
would you please just go away
FBI used to have trust of US citizens-you used it for political purpose! USA no longer trusts you or YOUR FBI! Time for you to #GoAwayComey!  #MAGA #SupportPresTrump
More evidence daily of how false your claim is! Corruption central! And you were in the middle of it sir!
Independently trying to run the country.
Your lawyer sucks at keeping you quiet.
It's the leadership that concerns us.
You mean, now that you're gone?? I agree
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
The FBI as a whole might be, but you weren't. Someone will flip on you and then you get to do the walk of shame yourself...
you're kidding right?
Hey Comey. You should lawyer up. Bye Mueller
In the arena of politics, the American citizens are the ones that you and most politicians don’t care about. The citizens of this country are not a sport for our elected and appointed leaders.
Strzok removed from duties.
Lake removed from duties.
Ohr removed from duties.
Nothing u say holds water anymore.  You let America down.  You allowed yourself to be coerced and guided to do wrong by America.  Your instincts were off. You were weak and scared and that’s what u showed and what America sees.  Live with that.
I hate to tell you.  Stroke and his mistress do not look
@EricHolder  Then @realDonaldTrump comes along ..Hatred Sexism Racist Bigot Who today #FBI @FBINAAQuantico  made comments that Shouldn't have been acknowledged with Clapping and Laughter .
I'm not worried about the integrity of the FBI.  I'm terrified that the  trump and the entire GOP are corrupt
The FBI, in the form of you, intentionally fucked with our election. That is not 'independent'. #faithNoMore
Im sure jfk would say something different
Please HONESTLY explain the three "suicides" associated with this one.  Were those threes lives worth minting a coin for your boys to use to brag about the very operation that killed them?
We know, and most respect the job well done.

Like SuppaNATURAL boyz!
Claiming independence is to make a virtue out of a perversion.  To prevent tyranny, the Constitution gives law-enforcement responsibility (and pardon power) to temporarily-elected Presidents - not to independent officials in the FBI.
Well I hope you guys hurry up and get the proof you guys need to get Trump out of the white house before it's too late. And all hell breaks out,or we're all dead!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHahahahah..hahaha...ahahaa...a...so you made sure the FBI falls apart entirely. SaWEET! Good job. Thanks nube nube.
Did you leave that philosophy on the tarmac with Loretta??
Amen
Did you really just quote yourself about how honest you are? 
Just stop with the lies. Everybody knows you are a corrupt liar #Comey
Will it survive tRump?
"independent"???   I don't think that's how it was designed bro. #DrainTheSwamp
Bullshit
Nice try, but quotes from liars are not really credible #DrainTheSwamp #EndTheDeepState
We already knew that sir. And you have more integrity and honesty than anyone I know.
How much did Clinton pay you!
Also, can you HONESTLY tell us where the surveillance videotapes that you all clearly made went to?  You are the STRONG FBI after all.
The most scary part about this is that y’all actually think you’re independent. Yes, independent of the LAW apparently.
The FBI may be honest but you sir are a liar and a cover up artist.   You give the FBI a bad name with your horrible and dis-honest actions.  Come clean.
I have always wanted to join the FBI.
I know
