@Comey Aaron Alleyne didnt use the SAP and/or GRAMOSPHERE and/or TIME MACHINE, WIKIPEDIA to HACKED my brain and use all my agility, aptitude, stroke in typing in other words MY  UNIQUE TALENTS
Here's a diverse opinion for you- will Comey be investigated for his tainted handling of Hillary's emails? If it is determined that he wrote his assessment before questioning her, how is that not a criminal act?
America must unite as one, not Dem or Rep, but one fighting for what is right and the end the sham of this illegitimate Administration...for indeed if it falls, Putin will step right in, it's what they've wanted for decades... don't let it happen! #ONEAMERICAUNITED
SPY vs SPY: Mueller Yanks Comey’s Immunity Deal; Falling Out Between Former FBI Bosses Puts Comey in Danger
Hope this is true.
thankfully hoping doesn't make it true
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, FBI Spox and Office of DOJ Inspector General Release Statements
did you see who wrote this ? sorry I can't believe anything espoused by Brietbart or it's supporters
Poor Mary.
you claim to be a Christian, more like the Anti-Christs if you ask me, your words and actions do not match up, that's called hypocrisy ... see you later !
Gorgeous ladies!
UNFORTUNATELY NOBODY CAN UNITE THE LEFT & RIGHT OTHER THAN THE DEMS & REPS....OR THE PRESIDENT!
@Comey Hey u sure Aaron Alleyne didnt profile me with his fiancee.  (to your left black dude).  Brenda Jasmine.  Quest Diagnostic
Translation: @HowardU is openly cooperating in the brainwashing of black youth by white people who are hostile to racial justice #ComeyMustGo
Wow, you are a tall one :)
Mr Comey I am proud of you as a US citizen. Unfortunately I cannot say the same of our President.
Wasn’t that Hillary’s failed campaign theme? 
We must remember to weed out corruption in our institutions. James Comey was a dirty cop.
what about all the innocent naive young black men that James Conme helped discard into the America Prison System
We cannot be united under lies. #ReleaseTheDocuments Man up and accept the responsibility of trying to over throw the government of the USA.  Accept for GOD this country would be destroyed with your leadership.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
James Comey literally always stands tall in every walk of life.
They allegation @Comey is you let female FBI agents be harassed.. Will you be addressing this ?
As FBI Directors, Mueller and Comey Ignored Dozens of Female Agents Who Were Sexually Abused by Colleagues and Extorted at Alarming Rate 
https://truepundit.com/as-fbi-directors-mueller-and-comey-ignored-dozens-of-female-agents-who-were-sexually-abused-by-colleagues-and-extorted-at-alarming-rate/ … FBI under Mueller Comey culture
of enablers & cover ups #SexualHarrassment #FBI
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, FBI Spox and Office of DOJ Inspector General Release Statements
Yeah, @BarackObama was great at dividing us with help from the mainstream media. The hateful rhetoric has divided this nation worse than when I was a child.
You're a big bugger aren't you?
WE need leaders who unite not divide like the last 8 yrs....now we must rebuild that TRUST all over again.

Absolutely united not divided.
I came not to bring peace but divide---Jesus Christ
Yes, always stronger together.
Nothing Former about getting Justice for our country love u #fbidirectorComey
I'm jealous.
not as as insightful as a story bout uranium James, I hear you can be quite the songbird... did Judas McCain teach you?
James Comey is a phony baloney for the Clinton Cabal. HE colluded with HRC's camp and the Kremlin to create fake dossier. He made up fake memos after being fired. He obstructed justice on behalf of Clintons. SHAME!
#STRONGERUNITED
What a dumb statement.
Cody helped throw the election to trump
He's lucky to learn from all of you all for real so I think this pretty good.
T-BIGLY tax scam:
1. 1995 declare $909,000,000 business loss to 1040 "carry loss"
2. 10 years to refinance, conceal
3.. $800,000,000 of CL applied, avoids income tax
4. 2004 THCR bankruptcy. Duplicate 1995 losses => lenders
5. 2005 a $103,000,000 loss hits 1040. Mostly 1995 CL
WONDERFUL TO BE INCLUSIVE!!!!!!!
I AGREE  STRONGER TOGETHER UNITED ONE NATION UNDER GOD 
Eh,  not sure about that anymore.  Deplorables are truly deplorable.
Comets a divider and a liar
True - someone else told us that too...
such a class act of a man.Never doubted one word he said about @realDonaldTrump
We're all united @Comey it's @realDonaldTrump who's confused & stupid & oblivious to the American people who have nearly a 3/4 majority in direct opposition of him only his closest constituents n  and friends, if he has any, support him they're all hippoccrates down 2 Baron
The FBI views hate speech by white extremists as a first amendment right, but protest speech by blacks as a threat.
United is good. But I'm not seeing that in this picture. I'm seeing two representations. Something is missing here. It is not all about black and white only. This is not diversity.
James Comey will be remembered for ruining the FBI.  Nothing more, nothing less.
You're a speaker-for-hire about "ethics"?

OMG

That's as believable as your memorialized memos 

You tarnished the entire FBI with your shenanigans

Congrats 
So true. And such a great photo!
we who??
Someone called Comey "A Handsome Stringbean of Justice".LMAO

Wow, you really are tall!
United we must stand because if not, we'll fall for anything! We must stand against the bully in our WH, all of our future depends on it!!
He is guilty of way more evil. Bullying is just one of his disgusting character flaws.
don't you be thinkin that old white ladies are all you imagine.  My Mother b. 1920 was a Chisholm Delegate in 1972.
My first Potus Election age 18? 1972 on paper ballots in Calif. I heard a racist in the next booth say. "Well look at that "^&*(_$%%er" I smiled, & voted for #ShirleyChisholm BEST candidate I ever saw until @BarackObama
Under same law? A joke. Does not take intent to be charged in mishandling docs.
You might even say we're #StrongerTogether!
Comey was a con man, and big DIVIDER, hes not helping USA come together, he tore it apart worse then ever with Lies, cons, and scams.

Was he aware of the report written about so-called "Black Identity Extremists"? What does he think about this report by his former employer?
Of course he is the one who created the unfounded Ferguson effect BS
Words are cheap. The fact is, the 2nd Bush stole the election from Kerry and Edwards & the FBI did nothing about it.

http://justicewell.com/news 

If you want to know why Trump "won" look in the mirror.
Hey, please tell Mueller he needs to hurry up! This country is disintegrating fast.  It's getting bad. Tax scam passed so no Healthcare now or social security. We need help fast!!
WHEN excellent people are confronted with the crises of  obeying unethical power OR deviating to DO RIGHT, THEY have a moral compass that compels them to undermine the acceptance of authority. 
The sacrifice is heroic.  Mr. 
Comey has USOFALL grateful 
God bless America
how about that we remember #JamesComeyLIED he has NO ethics , honor , nothing to teach anyone that isn't the 1-2-3 of how to violate the LAW
Did Comey bring along a copy of the FusionGPS document? He used to carry it with him everywhere he went. That was back when he was an amoral political hack masquerading as a trustworthy public servant.
This photo here has IMO a better composition than the other one. ->It is in proportion 
Divided
#IllegitGovernment isn't going anywhere.
The division is complete
How did that happen?

Is @HUnited_  an official org?
Unless we screw up elections and allow a thug in office

I miss her 
Nah lol imperialism carried out by black people is still imperialism esp in a white supremacist society
I take it you like Cornel West.  I do, too, but have nothing but the upmost respect for the Obama family.
Bc of what it meant to me as a young black kid watching him get elected, I have trouble not feeling an attachment, but then I remember all those people he deported and drone struck and flint and standing rock, etc.
I can always recognize Comey because he is the tallest in the photo! Thanks for being a model citizen
Senator Comey?  IJS
Yuck!

Gov leaders ought to give Americans protections and actions we can unite behind.

So far, all they’ve delivered are a lot of unconstitutional & hi actions Citizens have no choice but to unite, against. 

They’ve perfected the art of gridlock for political gain, at our expense.

Great photo.
I would read the emails from Podesta, condemning minorities. Then rethink this.
You can see it in his facial expression here if you look close.
Not sure how kindly history will treat Mr. Comey. Most likely responsible for putting Trump in office and triggering the beginning of the end of our greatness.
You literally have 3 tweets and one of them is this. you are officially cooler than I am. and I'm not even mad 
. Agree
Comey's Motto
Better Lawlessness rather than Lawful
As long as you're Democrat or female Clinton or both
H-Clinton & Obama, The great Dividers, unless you're Democrat then it's ok
I love this photo. I think you are a bit like me. I am very camara shy. ;)
At a glance, I though - he's too tall to blend into the carpet.
Jimmy the DOJ is coming soon...Boo
United we stand, divided we fall... You’re truly an inspiration, Sir@Comey #ComeyDay 

I still don't understand why he chose to release the info on Hillary but not release the damaging intel about trump last year. He knew about trump and Russia. He placed party over country. He should have been neutral or release info on both. What is your end game Comey?

Very nice. Change can happen when people are willing to listen to each other and try to understand each other.
It’s always insightful to have a conversation with a corrupt former law enforcement leader. You get to see how convincing he is while lying in person.
I agree!
Mr Comey is a man of high Honor, it was obvious this past January that Honor and Truth can not co-exist or work with lies and fabrications. History will be kind to James Comey.
Wow. You are either making a bad joke, or live with your head in the sand. Which is it?
Scolling my feed, knew it was Mr Comey as soon as I saw the pic. Great pic.
We Are!
James....quit trippin...YOU KNOW YOU ARE ON TEMP VACATION...ONCE TRUMP'S IMPEACHED YOU KNOW YOUR JOB IS THERE WAITING FOR YOU. HELL....WE WOULD HIRE YOU!!! 
Smoking an obama blunt while chilli dog from "Comey" Island!
Right on great meme exactly the way I feel!
The tall one is the incompetent one who got fired for not doing his job, instead choosing to be a political pawn by King Bill and Queen Hillary Clinton.
Kudos Former Director Jim @Comey 
You belong in jail
God bless you all.
Thankyou for what you’re doing to take her down! Can’t wait for you’re book! Sorry for what they did to your career!
Call it a Matter.

This should be his campaign slogan. 
Lordy, I hope there’s a recording.
Haha nice 

Trump Family & Campaign Staff In Contact With Russia Intel Stooge Wikileaks...Russia Hacking  Wikileaks  Trump.  
Run, Comey! Run!!! You and @SallyQYates. 
Hmm Sally Yates didn't think about her. 
With that height it’s nearly impossible to play “Hide the Comey.”
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
