Comey, you have been a corrupt pile of  since the white water investigation, you became more corrupt with age
#ComeyForPresident
Want to run for POTUS? I'm on board.
His or “Her”
"their"
Then “leaderS”, not “a good leader”
Yep! In thar's xampels yous is kerek
I know “their” is commonly used now instead of gender specific singular pronoun ps and disturbs me. The country is lowering the bar as our education system deteriorates.
I could care less
:-)))
Yes, a very small symptom of the dumbing down of America, which helped bring us Trump.
And yet Obama blamed everything bad during his presidency on Bush and tries to take credit for all the good during Trump's presidency... STFU and GTFO
Unfortunately that is typical of politics, sure to get bipartisan agreement on that....
Not from the unreasonable orange kool-aid drinkers, or the diehard Obama believers. I think Trump inherited a country in better shape than Obama did, but they both have made mistakes. They've both also done some good, like most presidents before them. Nobody is all good or bad.
Too bad you don’t realize there’s much more to being a leader than this snide remark. Leaders don’t collude w/others to lie/fix crimes committed due to biased political leanings - nor do they MISLEAD a society about high crimes in their govt either!
And leaders CERTAINLY don’t collude with political parties to FRAME the opponent or the potential incoming President they don’t like, EITHER!!!
just change leader to leaker, u get no credit.
True words
a bad leader is one who.. ah screw it, his name is Donald Trump
So when will u admit to covering for Obama and Clinton?
Don't come for him..
Exactly. Comey is on point. BasedPlumber has a leak ... in his brain.
Brains seems to be what your lacking..
Should be “you’re”
Grammar police..
Only for someone claiming to have “brains”
I said she was lacking brains.
What kinda leader heads the fbi while obstucting justice at the same time? Hint: a corrupt one
What kind of leader lies 5x a day while being POTUS? Hint: a treasonous one!
I called that lying one president muslim

Oh, Lordy.  I hope there are tapes.
You should have never been fired.
YATES/COMEY 2020
You want to talk about @realDonaldTrump take some responsibility for you are obstruction of justice and your collusion with Loretta Lynch and Barack Obama. You seem to have forgotten Jim that you work for the American taxpayers. You’re not man enough to come clean are you?
Really as Trump tells the Justice Department to start investigating Clinton and Dems and Comey when there where no laws broken if you can name one law they broke the actual law and the date not theory not made up especially not BS Uranium 1 (the man who gave donation to her sold

Alert: James Comey - “has been “ Amerucan modern  Aaron Burr !  Had his chance to be a great American but caved to Clinton and Zobama pressure and ran scared and instigated him self into a crime . Shame . Sad legacy to live with !  In some ways we feel sorry fir his meekness
What was your cut of the Uranium Deal James? You are corrupt and poisoned the FBI.
so few & far between though.

Trump has demonstrated he wouldn't know a good leader if he saw one.....

a good leader... wish we had one of those
Hmmm wonder who you are talking about?
@realDonaldTrump.  This
The American people need another great leader.
Paging baby-in-Chief @realDonaldTrump
Not even J.Edgar in heels destroyed the bureau as much as you did.
You are absolutely right, which is why the orange face monkey cannot be president of the US. may be of zoo for endangered species,There he'll get his daily petting quota, the food hr liked & be allowed to eat using his fingers,
I miss your level head and non-partisan behavior. I hope my children handle injustices with as much grace and dignity as you have this year, sir. While your former career lost a fight, you are a beacon in the war. You help us remember hope and make Twitter better, too. Thanks!
Excellent shade, Mr. Comey. Well done.
I was less subtle.
On the one hand, you’re a pathetic, needy, insecure, thin-skinned, self-righteous sack of shit ... but, on the other hand, I totally know what it feels like to believe someone deserves to spend years in jail. 
Now now, no need to argue. You’re both absolutely correct. 
I have one thing to say about that: #SemionMogilevich
Welp, that leaves Trump out.

Drag him. Love the subtweets, sir.
Comey couldn’t even find cause to charge Clinton, he can’t drag anyone.
Hard to find something that doesn’t exist. Deplorable idiot.
Everyone knows it exists.
Even though trump won’t get it...thank you. The country needs reassurance that there are still people of integrity in positions of power, directly or indirectly.
Aren't you glad you're not involved in the clusterfuck called the #TrumpWhiteHouse?
Gosh, what exactly are you referring to?
Magnificent subtweeting
I really think I could have liked you if you hadn't thrown us to the wolves.
Did you see a former FBI director is involved with the russians.Louis J Freeh
Amen!!!
Dear James:
"The king gives stability to the land by justice, But a man who takes bribes overthrows it" Proverbs 29:4
#MAGA #HIllaryforPrison #ClintonCrimeCarter #ClintonCrimeFoundation @POTUS @Thomas1774Paine
To all those Trumpers
Perry-  "Stupid," you say?  I strongly suggest before you tweet out that cute little cartoon, you PROOFREAD what YOU'RE sending. More than likely, YOU'RE just another #Illiterate trying desperately to overcome YOUR deficiencies & suffering from #TDS! #MAGA @POTUS #Trump @IRONY
I don't make em I just pass them on
Typical response... 
#RussianTrumpBot
Figured we'd get to that one.... #Hillary and the entire #DNC criminals and morons #RussianNarrative is the best you can do. #Brainwashed, you are! (I'm actually a #YodaBOT) #MAGA @POTUS #TheStormIsHere
Must be a fictional investigation into Trumpie @ company
Which takes character, maturity, and integrity, we will be thirsty for a leader with these qualities in 3 years. 

I hope. *sigh*
At least. Brace yourself, just in case our fellow Americans let us down again.
Baaaaha
like you would know
Thank you sir for all your service. I appreciate your integrity. :D I know it's a quote, but highly representative of what you have demonstrated all this time.
Fraud.
Unfortunately, we’ve got the “praise me or stay in jail” leader.
I think you just defined a tyrannical dictator!
Have you met @PeteSouza?
Yes! Fantastic work. Future generations will be indebted to him for providing the Obama visual record.
GODISJESUSLIVES
Donald Trump has proven to be a poor leader. Embarrassing are country asking  the Russians to be involved in our presidential election  thank God for men like Robert Mueller and Mr. @Comey we’re interested in one thing defending their country and justice for All
Oh my, sir. The shadeeeee.
PERFECT GIF. Man was the king of shade long before it was ever a thing.
This was the other candidate

My heart. I miss him more than anything.
I know. None of them have hit me as hard as him. 
I cried for days. I was at 1st Ave for an unrelated show + the artist came out + did an acoustic version of Purple Rain + I just lost it. He meant so fucking much to me. Saw him perform twice at Paisley Park.
Donald needs this message!
Treason is a federal crime. Robert Mueller, by virtue of ORDER NO. 3915-2017 has the authority to charge Trump w/ treason; if it is necessary & appropriate, the Special Counsel is authorized to prosecute federal crimes arising from the investigation... This should cover it.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
You said the magic words, "Good Leader." He is an impostor. I can't believe the voters could have been so ignorant to vote him in.
GODISJESUSLIVES
So, why are you not taking responsibility for your corruption?
#BondVillan
Like this guy?
He def got a hint of Le Cheifre
What if the so-called leader gives more of the blame and takes most of the credit, even if it belongs to somebody else?
Or as my dear mother-in-law used to say "Self praise stinks".
Your accepting your blame of pedophelia and child trafficking?
Run, Comey! Run!!! You and @SallyQYates! 
I keep saying that too 

I thought Libs hate cops.
We like good cops
Well you can take credit for the mess you help make. Take credit for being dishonest
Amen. GODISJESUSLIVES
If you came forward with truth about telling you it was a matter and did what was right you still be head of FBI but they left you hanging. You know a lot about all them when you write your book be a man and tell the truth about Obama, Hillary, lynch, Rice, Huma, her husband
Amen. GODISJESUSLIVES
LIKE YOU WOULD EVER KNOW WHAT REAL LEADERSHIP IS - WEREN'T YOU FIRED BECAUSE OF YOUR "LACK" OF LEADERSHIP, HONESTY &  FOR BEING OVERLY CORRUPT - CLINTON FIXER & ALL AROUND LOSER
Trump never really fired him . He couldn’t look up to him and do it . He had someone else stand up . Realize that take it in . He was let go plain and simple
How about you blame yourself for interfering in our election to Trump's benefit????????
He should have sought an indictment of Hillary. By failing to do so, he interfered on HER behalf @ABswl16 @Comey
For what?
Destruction of evidence. Mishandling classified information. Lying to the FBI @ABswl16 @Comey
Lol I would think that the FBI would have a better idea of whether Hillary lied to them than you do. Indeed, Mueller's already indicted two from Trump's campaign and got one to plead out for a lesser offense.
It's public record @ABswl16 @Comey
Lol!!!!!!! Only in your crazy rightwing mind.
You're crazy if you believe that she didn't know that C stood for classified @ABswl16 @Comey
Hey @realDonaldTrump some wise words to start your morning #SundayMorning
Well you have to be a good leader first of all weasel.
I see what you are saying # Go Trump !
If Glasow quoted that all the way back when he did, he stated nothing but a MATTER OF FACT... period..,
regardless of the merits of the 2016 elections or any other, as some would project...
What a HYPOCRITE! You were in the tank for Hillary from the jump.
.@Comey how’s it going bud?  Have you hired a great attorney yet?  Asking for a friend who’s looking for clients.  
Hmmm...
Twitter is trying to silence her.... just like YouTube is with @prageru ... us conservatives need to stand up!!!
Thanks for playing the part of troll tonight 95% of America is trying to silence the false narratives and I am one of them I report trolls all day long You just made it easy to find another smh
Hahahaha... report me for what? Being respectful to people even if we have a difference of opinion? Good Luck.
Where did I say YOU??? But your post is drawing them Thank You!!! #bait
What’s the limit of what a BAD LEADER will do??
Seems your buddy .@realDonaldTrump is much less than a good leader. Are you sorry you sabotaged Clinton's campaign yet? You should be.
"You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it." ~ Norman Shwarzkopf
And doesn’t get fired?
Could someone RT this to @realDonaldTrump ?
A good FBI director does his job without lying about Hillary's "innocence", doesn't leak info and doesn't act like a child when his BOSS fires him. You need a waahh-bulance
True..can we say crooked Comey

-On the other hand, one leader we know does an inch of credit worthy act but demands to take 1000 miles worth of credit.
Pretty standard subtweet here.  Well done
Here's a quote for you:
Now go home and get your fu*kin shine box.
Billy Batts, Goodfellas, 1990
Right on. Trump will never, ever do that. Children don't understand that  concept until they mature...
"History will be kinder than the democrats." per @TGowdySC I doubt it. Liberals love to erase history. #Delete #WipeItWithACloth
We sure don't have that.  I don't see how some can keep believing him.
Mueller can't save you now! 
Howdy Doody, oh LORDY! That cell so going to be a tight squeeze for a tall fella like you!

What the hell would you know about being a good leader?  You are a treasonist piece of crap.
Yes, a ‘good’ leader does.

We  you! 
Awesome and thanks!  Happy Thanksgiving
Shut up.
Mr. Comey ... you should run for president

Where was this leadership when investigating Hillary and covering up for her ?
Act High and Mighty , but everyone knows you Leaked Intel and covered up for the Dems ...
How much did the Saudis pay you to hide evidence ???
Obviously you don't fit either TRAITOR.
What is troubling is that this entire Mueller investigation was created on a political hit piece. If you did it to @realDonaldTrump, you will keep doing it until exposed. President Trump should release the memo! Former FBI Director Clowns!
Your steady voice is a comfort in dark times.
you are a shining light... thank you !
Which is the polar opposite of what Trump is. And he is of course the worst pos “leader” this nation has ever seen.
Mr. Comey, Thank you for all your yrs of service. Lead on, we will follow you.
You, @SallyQYates  @PreetBharara @waltshaub should run for office. We need honorable and respectable people.
Well said, Sir.....well said.
And a good employee doesn’t lie and hide the truth from his employers, WE THE PEOPLE fired you.
So true and a leaker for quite some time as well to do whatever damage he could
So...Hillary?
Obama said much the same anything good he accomplished was because of his staff, any bad results? He took all the blame. That is Character.

How much of the blame do you take for the total joke that was the FBI and JD during the Obama years?  People in glass houses and all that.
The shade! I love love love it!
That's how we know where we stand with "our leader"
May I introduce you to Donald J. Trump?
Coming from someone who colluded with the past admin to protect a criminal from prosecution & looked the other way as then POTUS collaborated in treason with foreign gov'ts. #GlassHouses
@Comey Can citizens of usa sue the president for blocking them on twitter? Just wondering...
‘nobody knows more about being a good leader than me.’
So very true
Wise words
Yep, you either have it in you or you don't.   He does not.
Too bad you didn't apply this saying to yourself!

You gave 5 (D) crooks immunity, and then charged no one with a crime.

Even when the AUTHORS of the bill said they INTENTIONALLY left OUT the need to show INTENT. In Hillary's case, you still required it to falsely save her ass.
A wonderful and truthful quote, we need well-intentioned leaders who are experienced and that truly look after those under their charge before their own interests, personal glory, and self-aggrandizement. I close my statement with one of my personal favorite quotes on leadership.
Don't worry. Trump is coming. For you and your buddies
Then you where a totaly piss poor leader of the FBI for many years...
Food for thought, You dumb HIllery Clinton puppet.
Here is a clue...
So how much self-blame do you accept for *screwing* Hillary Clinton days before the election @Comey?? 

Always wondered wtf you were thinking, and after you testified I was even more disappointed. Why the need to manipulate from your position @FBI. Were you blackmailed or what?
I would like to know his thinking on that one too.
I always worked on the principle blame from above stops with me, praise flows through to those 'below', but this is nicely put.
Anathema to the current occupant of the White House.
Trump?
True, true, true.  Humility and humanity are linked only occasionally.
I love his approach
we can all agree your not a good leader
How would you know what a good leader is? You certainly weren't a shining example!
Thankyou, Sir!  Thank you for your service in Government agencies.
#DirtyCopComey #ScumbagMueller  #Scam #DeepStateSubversion #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheText
Thank you for sharing that. Yon are someone who finds just the right words. I'm sure DOC couldn't come up with a quote like that from his reading material (if he reads...)
Oh really?  Do you take the blame for putting him in office?  When do you start taking responsibility?
You were never much of a leader. Just a lying crook for the democrats.
Powerglobal.us BECAUSE THE TRUTH IS JUST AS IMPORTANT TODAY AS IT WAS THEN. I don't know what you were hearing last year. Read something a little more specific and relevant, THE TRUTH, not to mention dead set accurate from Powerglobal.us in May 10, 2016
You have the balls to say this after you refused to admit any errors of judgment in your way-outside-of-protocol press conference/11th hour letter on Clinton?
...and does not release a damning FBI letter a week before an election
"Of the best leaders, the people will remark, 'We have done it ourselves.'"

Maybe but a true evangelical leader takes credit for everything, is ruthless, self-centered, lies constantly, believes in magic, and is all around a vile human. See. They betrayed their savior and sold their souls, what a deal.
It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge. Arnold H. Glasow
Typo Correction:
"Republican"  
I don't always agree with Comey, but in this case he is right. Trump let's his EGO get in the way of being seen as a good leader. LEAD BY EXAMPLE MR. PRESIDENT
Director @Comey you’re winning me over.  #2020Vision
must be why you made such a terrible leader of the @FBI  that & being corrupt of course

What do you know about leadership
Didn’t recuse yourself?
Would you tell us if we need to move to the south or the north?  Please help us, Comey-Wan-Kenobi.
Yet you put him there!
A lying duplicitous weasel deliberately tanks a prosecution to protect his preferred presidential candidate and then leaks private info to @nytimes to get back at President who justifiably fired him. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #Comey #FireMueller
You're a lying, partisan hack who backed a lying, cheating, bad for America Hillary...you give law enforcement  a bad name...

Investigate Giuliani & Gingritch too. Corrupted pigs.
You should have taught that to McCabe. He takes everyone’s accomplishments and puts them on his KSAs. Sir, he and others were not honest with you.
And what kind of leader are you?
Dear Comey you are a liar sit down and shut up
A M E N
I love your digs at @realDonaldTrump! Unfortunately, I doubt he has brain cells capable of understanding your message. Regardless, keep up the good work.
Sad but incredibly true!
a good leader is NEVER WRONG;
the ONLY DUTIES of a true leader are to CRUSH, COMMAND and CONTROL
Liar 

Really? You and your dirty politics have the nerve to talk about ANY other politician.

He will explore which of the maintenance person is corrupt.  The one who isn't, will be out to lunch on the day they need to break in.
What leader?
If the good leader is more disposed to service than to ego (rare) there are plenty of hangers on who will take the credit and disown the blame.  Today we have a president who is better suited to be a hanger on.
#45 has never taken the blame for his egregious actions. I believe Trump knew during the campaign what was going on, when Flynn contacted Russia on lifting the Sanctions, Trump said he didn't order him to but he would have if he thought about it, I believe Trump ordered hum to.

I love you so much
You are a corrupt pos who has given the @FBI a bad name. You need to just shut up. I hope the payoff from the Clintons was worth it
Trump suffers from Malignant Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Maybe a quote you should live by Mr Comey...
You put him there. You caved to Republican Congressional pressure
I want to believe you did not help lose the election and landed us Trump.But that is where I am stuck with you.Any comment?Just being honest.
A great leader GIVES credit.
So you’re saying you weren’t a good leader?
#Comeyfor2020 please.
YES!!!
Hahaha. And you know what a good leader is?  Hysterical
