Amen! Thank you to you, Mueller all the prosecutors that have worked night& day to protect our country. Most of them left high paying jobs.
They ( comey, mueller, Not Hillary x2) are their own demons willfully following lucifer.
GODISJESUSLIVES
Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis on Friday. i bleed like you. Had no money to pay $45 unlimited straight talk for couple weeks.  i misspelled words. i am a sinner. Only difference is i'm saved from eternal lake of fire. Amen.
WTF IS your problem? Go to church. I don't want to hear this crap from a Russian TROLL or BOT! Enjoy the block
Nice quote. Justice is what this country deserves. Cannot wait to see you get what you deserve
Why did he oversee the SethRich murder. Please Assange do not let his death be in vain. Whistleblowers will knkw you will have their back if
Does that statement even give you an inklIng of what you did? Probably not. U don't let anyone keep doing injustice Comey. U don't HELP them continue their injustice. U don't PROTECT someone doing injustice. U don't help COVER UP someone doing injustice. That is not what FBI does
I hope you and your family are surviving and even flourishing. I am reading the book: "Collusion: Secret Meetings, Dirty Money......" by Luke Harding. I'm glad I'm in Canada! I hope you are acquainted too with the work of David Wilcock and Corey Goode.
Your a hurdle @realDonaldTrump jumped over.
Where was your capacity for justice when you falsely exonerated Hillary.
Clam it, Comey.
It's so deep. Only a select few can ever hope to understand. Kinda like pondering why Hillary isn't in prison yet.
You will FOREVER be remembered as a TRAITOR to the United http://States.mr . Comey.
Credit: @ushadrons 
Haven't heard a thing from this fucker in a long while.
Giuliani was in Ukraine in November.
@ninaandtito @JamesFourM @LouiseMensch @SaysDana @toolmarks   В Харьков прибыл советник Трампа, его встречал Кернес
19 ноября в Харьков прилетел с рабочим визитом…
#ShutItDown
Hi sir!
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Is there some particular reason for your constant tweets on Mueller's account? Because maybe he's as crooked as you are?
You’re truly an inspiration, Sir! 
Wrong and senseless Comical Comey.
If someone attacks you with a criminal investigation, none the less just elected Pres of USA, using biased views i call that corruption and abuse of power, all money paid for this investigation needs to be reimbursed to U.S. treasury ! @POTUS who started this mccarthyism ?

We love you James!!! We know who you are and you are a Patriot to this country who will be vindicated by these corrupt interlopers!!
I meant- you will be vindicated- despite the corrupt interlopers!
Quote by @ReinholdNiebuhr - Your mom.
Your mom. https://twitter.com/creditease/status/862249069187616768 …
No. Comey did Not do his job when he/others knew abt Trump, Russians. Then BS against HRC days before election. He failed initially.
In the end he did his job. But he failed the American public when he was most needed early on. All of this horror might have been avoided.
If u had done ur job, HRC wd be pres. U shd hv followed fbi policy n not talked abt open inves.  Ur ego cost  this mess. U suck. 
He knows it. Let it go.
I don’t think he does know it. He was “mildly nauseous” thinking it MAY have had an effect. That’s not accountability. He f’d up BAD. 
I, for one, didn't vote because his announcement turned me against Hillary. I made a big mistake, too. We all do. But I think Comey is good
Comey May have integrity, but he did make a huge mistake w enormous implications, while violating FBI protocol. Agree w hrc it cost her. 
Is it really necessary to rub it in so much?  What purpose does it serve other than making the man feel like crap? Drop it already
Somebody made a comment, and I replied. Not making it a battle. Just a stmt of fact. If you don’t like, no need to reply, just move along. 
We're all adults here and debate is good!!
@parfumdelavende its Comey!

@AndrewStories in Chile Democracy is really necessary specially now, things deeply wrong are happening and they mast end
i hope that democracy arrives in your country soon then. the spirit of people deserve good governance from their fairly elected leaders.
thank you very much. Lots of people share the hope
Comey where do you fall in this?  If you're honest with yourself you will look at the injustice you permitted.  Perhaps you will share why
Damn skippy! 
Many thanks from #GeeksResist for all you did to set this all in motion.
May the Force be with you.
#MTFBWY
Hillary would have probably won enough votes to beat the hacking of the vote without Comey. So he's not really a hero.
Both men will leave a complicated legacy but for now, let's get the important stuff done now. We can come back to the rest later
Well said, Gabrielle!
Hey got my bones to pick too but let's prioritize. We have an immediate threat to our democratic republic that needs attention now
I said this from beginning; Comey saw long game in taking down HRC to bring down Russia n Traitors. Well, small fish fry compared to that
We were already divided and have been for awhile and if it means taking down Russia and traitors to our country, it wasn’t silly.
You got us into a lot of this mess. You wouldn't even own it.
Composers , songwriters , alcoholics ...an interesting journey about the origins of the Serenity Prayer
i see
You, #Comey are a failed agent who turned against America! There is a special place for you, waiting patiently. 
#liar
#Traitor 
#Swamp 
#Disgrace
If he’s going to a special place, Trump will likely already be there.  #SundayMorning
My life has completely brightened up since YOU ARE WITH US!  I feel God has sent you to give us HOPE, and BOY do we NEED THAT!!!
Maybe you need to contemplate on that awhile.....you seem to have forgotten that !
yeah mans inclination to do injustice is winning
Does that democracy include your former lead investigator being biased against Trump and in favor of Clinton? You are void of character Mr Comey. #despicable
Leakier and liar of the disgraced FBI .because of you. Feel good? Gloat while you can.
Not interested in what any cohort of the Clinton's thinks.  If Hillary didn't really MEAN to commit the felony and put a lot of intelligence people's lives  in jeopardy, Comey says she is innocent.
Comey wouldn't know a bible verse if Jesus spoonfed it to him. (Then he'd puke it right back up.)
James you cannot outsmart God, the truth of your dealings will be revealed and your judgement will come n 2 those u tried 2 protect.
May the Lord take vengeance upon you!
You're handling of the e-mails Hillary Clinton investigation was pathetic. Ualready drawn and written your conclusion before even interviewing  her. what a joke you r, want to sit there and talk to us about morals and ethics and character!
We are a REPUBLIC, not a democracy.
Women and Man's*
"Words are like leaves and where they most abound, true fruit of sense beneath is rarely found"
Justice??? What do you mean? Like 'justice' for Hillary's crimes against the U.S., and those who covered it up?
If Flynn did a tenth of what Clinton did, he'll be in jail.
The end is near for the cast of clowns in the White House
Luke 8:17 "For all that is secret will eventually be brought into the open, and everything that is concealed will be brought to light and made known to all." Justice draweth nigh Comey!
Absolutely!  Reinhold was very insightful!
Funny how people who talk about justice the most do it the least. Harvey Weinstein got his. Matt Lauer got his. Russell Simmons got his. You'll get yours.
Even Satan knows and can quote Scripture.
@Comey “The righteous hate what is false, but the wicked make themselves a stench and bring shame on themselves” - Proverbs 13:5.

Your next, in the cross hairs of justice! If not, the rule of law no longer applies and America is in grave danger. In short, you and your political cronies are dangerous. Hypocrite!
You let crooked Hillary go. What do you know about justice?
#comeyshoulbegettingassrapesinfederalprison
Pity Donny Baby has no concept of this but then he presents as barley literate ?
You mean how you covered up for Hillary?
uh Lazarus individuals in CT ya know. Faked event 5 years ago. Truth matters and you need to end the obfuscation. 85 lb. "Adam Lanza" my ass. Lol.
You rock!
just wait you creepy Deep State Minion.   Justice will find you.
There is a TRUTH JUSTICE & the American wat FORCE out here, and we're coming for them!
It is time to uncover Trumps coverups
That is rich with irony considering that you are not yet in jail.  what you did in the Hillary Email matter was nothing short of obstruction of justice.
truly gangsta
Boy, you're even more self-righteous on Twitter than you are in the MSM! lol
hope you don't live in a glass house Jimmy boy
The rooskies have effectively weaponized our bigotry &  racism and used it against 96 million people successfully. Those folks are in a deep hole and may never climb out. Bravo Putin...Bravo.
Man's capacity to THWART justice is in an of itself criminality
Amazing you let Hildy go despite credible doccumented evidence. Someone here is NOT credible
you don't believe in justice James, you believe in selling uranium to Russians... wait, you collude with Russians, let's not get smug here
Ever thought of running for President?  Just sayin'.
For obstructing justice.  You and your cronies have destroyed ANY trust I had in the justice system.  Was it worth the bribes you took?
Too bad YOU have an inclination to injustice, James.  Are you SURE you want to quote this Mr. Hillary is innocent before I question anybody?
Thanks for your insight...and your service...we applaud your ability to stand to the truth.
Well-said Truth!  I Love this!
Mr. Comey, I think you speak with a very forked tongue!!
Mr Mueller, can only protect you for so long..
As if you know anything about REAL justice!!
Man’s capacity for tyrannical dictatorship @AIPAC insolvent ponzi scheme criminal unaudited FRN reps @POTUS, @GOP & @TheDemocrats justice makes corporatist nazi fascist police state disguised as a democracy possible, but man’s inclination to injustice makes democracy impossible.
Is this why you lied?
Trump is Against Democray Only Cares about Billionaire  Gutting Medicaid By 250 Trillion dollars Kick the GOP Out of Office! @TheoloGOP @realmarkcuban @NickHanauer
Yeah except you didn't serve any fking justice. Just proven to be just as corrupt as the rest! All you politicians are so disappointing. You don't answer to the people you answer to the ppl in power. Which isn't a democracy.
Amen.
WOW is that what it was
so true!!
You are the man!!
And god’s example of justice is to aspire to Mr Comey.
I wonder if Clinton threatened him...

Many Americans are wondering where is this justice of which you speak when you exonerated Hillary long before even interviewing her.
Without a doubt. Well said.
You are the living example of injustice,  traitor.  I believe that you will be really hot when you die.   Both you and Mueller.
Democracy & rule of law don’t apply to any of you shouldn’t have given Hillary a pass you know it Mueller your involved w/ Uranium deal somehow and trying keep focus on Trump your crooks
Hmm too little too late

You should have very personal knowledge of man's inclination to injustice.
Yeah but..... WE DON'T HAVE A DEMOCRACY!!!!!
You and Joe Scarborough sound like brothers.
You people who believe this corrupt former head of the FBI is a hero & is a man of integrity; what are you going to say when he's locked up with the rest of the Obama & Clinton Crime Syndicate??
You are either the biggest con man in the history of the world, or you are in the biggest sting ever to bring down the corruption in Washington. I hope it's the latter.
You're nothing but a disgrace to @FBI . You didn't follow the rule of law, but instead followed the corrupt lead of the O'Adm. Is this what you do when you don't agree with/someone? Shame on you!
Lordy, and now our would be despot is tying up business deals to punish our free press. @GOP and Congress are completely lame. Justice.
Interesting comment considering the democratic party's numerous times of breaking the law! They will go down! Thank God for truth and Trump!
I'm sorry for what happened to you!
You're a true American Icon & you have more people behind you than you realize!
#WeAreWithYouJamesComey
Will we get justice? Scott Williams speaks highly of you. You went to school with him. He's one of my heroes.  He's such a good man.
You're a true Patriot, Mr. Comey. 
I assume Niebuhr made these comments in German. To really assess them, we need to explore the capacious words "capacity," "inclination," "injustice." Is capacity ability or skill? Is inclination weakness, predilection, desire? Is injustice unfairness, maltreatment, oppression?
Your hypocracy is profound, fascinating and horrifying. You spat on the justice you were sworn to uphold as it applied to Hillary Clinton. You failed your country and you pretend to have no sense of it.
INDEED
Jim, will you engage or just tweet sweeping generalizations and lofty pronouncements?
Yet, we have neither Justice nor Democracy. Go figure. 
Wish those principals applied at the FBI
Why did you lie?
Why did u talk abt hrc investigation but not trump & russia, an ACTUAL  scandal that has now put our very democracy in jeopardy? WTF
Reinhold sounds like an upstanding citizen. Just sayin' 
Yeah, you might really want to just sit this one out. #ExonerationLetter
Justice and mercy does not exist in nature. It is a human invention and necessary to insure the survival of mankind.
Please just go away. You are the problem with DC.
What would you know about justice?
Have I said how tearfully happy I am that you’re out of the Twitter closet Kim @Comey ??? Welcome to the #Resistance...
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Tweets a guy with an iPhone that asked for violation of the 4th amendment like no other in history. Sounds like you got a job at #theonion
So, you exonerate suspects before interviewing them?  Sounds right.  NOPE!
Hmm, ur inclination to justice let crooked @HillaryClinton go scott free with no prison time. Hopefully you will be in the can soon! @POTUS
Pure democracy leads to anarchy, thankfully we live in a Republic! Most have forgotten or don't know the difference.
So good!
A God without wrath brought men without sin into a Kingdom without judgment through the ministrations of a Christ without a Cross. - RN
Spoken by a true crook
Advice you should have paid attention to. You are known as the most corrupt leader of the FBI and the clinton shill who brought it down
That coming from you is hilarious! 
Well you should be in gaol you committed perjury and let @HillaryClinton off the hook. You have absolutely no integrity I hope @TGowdySC
Mr. Comey you have such a kind, expressive, relaxed countenance. An air of contentment? and no regrets I hope. Hope you and your family are well.
Funny seeing one of the most corrupt individuals the USA has ever seen push himself as ethical and fighting injustice. #Abomination #Comey
Democracy's fail. That's why we have a republic. Look it up. Its in the constitution.
You sir, made the FBI a laughing stock to the world. Unfair to all the honorable men and women who serv. Shameful!
We are not a Democracy. We are a Constitutional Republic. Hench and to the Republic for which it stands. You should know that.
“False witnesses get stitches”- God
James, I believe your moral compass is askew.
"Gross negligence"
Spoken like the true deviant criminal you are.
You don’t understand the word “Justice”
I have no idea what that means, but it shows what I have known. If I were Sessions, I would investigate you and crooked Hillary!
