Still mad at you for that letter, that threw the election to these criminal grifters. Glad you're rethinking, tho.
Mad - I am beyond furious with him! WTF was he thinking?
He was thinking, he was damned if he did, and damned if he did not.
I don’t see it that way.
If he did not send that letter, @jasoninthehouse would have said he was trying to protect her and if he did we all said he was trying to sink her chances. Dammed if he did and dammed if he didn’t.
One way elected a lunitic the other way might have hurt his ego & created a buzz for one news cycle #notevenclose
Not just hurt his ego, possibly ended his career, which happened anyway, and damaged the impartially of the fib, which would have resulted  in the ethics committee starting an investigation into possible pressure from the Obama administration.
Completely disagree with even the premise of this sorry. Anyway #itsdone and now he is writing books and will be blamed by “both” sides for what his letter unleashed . #letitgo
Did you show them these FBI crime stats?
Call it a matter like a good lad.
That’s wonderful that you are a part of a panel helping in to bridge the gap between law enforcement, and our minority communities!
Thank you
Elite, respected leaders crucified Jesus; not the unpolished common man. Were educated leaders focused on ‘truth and lasting values’ ? Perhaps John 5:39 happened “Jesus said, ‘You study diligently and scriptures speak of me, but you won’t come to me. That you might have life.”
Taller in person, he says...
would like to have been there for that.
You are not Abe. Please stop pandering.
I won't be surprise Crooked @HillaryClinton is giving him lessons on how to #Pander! You can tell the guy is desperate!!!
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
You're  just as CROOKED as Crooked @HillaryClinton! LOL, try next time take pictures with babies and dogs! You're trying too hard!!!

just hanging out before being arrested.
Lol
Director Comey, I see ya there with my Birmingham Police Chief Roper!

You know, this was not a discussion on prostitution or masturbation in diverse communities; it was on law enforcement.  What you have posted can be perceived as porno and if I were Comey I would block you, like Alex said this is not appropriate for an open forum.
It’s a Russian troll account trying to compromise him. Their tactics are pretty transparent by this point
Exactly! It took me a while to see "them," but now I can spot them a mile away!
I went ahead and reported it to twitter.  Very disrespectful towards Director @Comey
jesus!! u tall as fuck bro
You gave us Trump!
is #FUCKEDUP LOL
Is there a transcript of the meeting, notes, a summary, perhaps.
I am trying to start such a dialogue in my church.
Oh never mind
I’m so happy
So I suppose you taught them Saul Alensky's program of overthrowing nations?
not as good as a special prosecutor board about uranium, someone should ask the solicitor general about that....
he didnt even grab anybody's ass  how bout that
T-BIGLY tax scam:
1. 1995 declare $909,000,000 business loss to 1040 "carry loss"
2. 10 years to refinance, conceal
3.. $800,000,000 of CL applied, avoids income tax
4. 2004 THCR bankruptcy. Duplicate 1995 losses => lenders
5. 2005 a $103,000,000 loss hits 1040. Mostly 1995 CL
You should run for office.  We need integrity in government.
Wish you still led the FBI
Really?
Criminal

FBI gave Clinton email investigation ‘special’ status, deputy director’s email shows http://thehill.com/homenews/news/360604-fbi-gave-clinton-email-investigation-special-status-deputy-directors-email …
#Booo #WeKnow
Such idiotic comments, or are they bots?
Never thought I'd ever like an FBI director! But sir you've shown integrity that most would have buckled under pressure to a powerful boss!! America  James Comey!!  #SurvivorSeries #InternationalMensDay
Was Roy Moore there?
Comey for President
Holy crap you’re tall!
We can’t solve it if we can’t talk about it.
I’m still mad about your Oct 2016 letter to Congress about the HRC “investigation” BUT, I appreciate how you fight for equality in LE, and how you stood up to corruption in the Trump administration!
Exactly how I feel.  That was very poor judgment with disastrous consequences.
@HUnited_ glad to see this. This country must overcome egos & bigotry to unite.
Finally got the chance to watch this. Excellent discussion. I loved this line: "People hate people that they've never even talked with." I think you're the one who has said, "It's hard to hate up close." So true.
Your still around?
I’m going to Tweet #ComeyIsMyHomey everyday until you Like my Tweet Mr Comey so you might as well accept the love ..
why are you so tall . i cant look up that high my neck hurts  .  please help
In integrity as well as stature, you are head-and-shoulders above most leaders.
@Comey builds bridges  We need more bridge builders instead of wall builders 
Oh realy? You like drugs coming in? You like illegal criminals coming in and join gangs, end up in our judicial system, getting multiple dui's, commiting rape and driving wages down? Good job!
Young lady where is your moral compass?  This is not appropriate behavior for an open forum.  When you expose yourself like this to #Twitterverse you are devaluing yourself as a human being and moreover as a woman.
You started this mess. Our county is depending on you to fix it.
He didn't start this mess...but he did bring it to light.
Clinton last min presser screwed her.
SO TRUE
Inspiring! how you treat against corruption in new US era. One of my favourite US polotician involved person.
Law is rarely enforced.  People are selectively targeted for political purposes.  

http://justicewell.com/news  

RT for great journalism or you will lose your freedom faster than a bat out of hell.

you've betrayed everyone that EVER wore a badge !   
Keep doing the GOOD work Mr. Comey. This conversation is needed, NECESSARY, & long overdue!
Do these Birmingham Alabama leaders understand that you obstructed justice by not recommending a grand jury to investigate Hillary Clinton, or does that obstruction make you a hero in their eyes?  Which is it?
Humanity is on your side
We Blame You!
Partially, anyway.  A nail in the coffin.
lol...i love how tall you are
I knew it was you before I even saw the name.
I wouldn't mind seeing you, Mr. Comey, in the oval office. Ever given it any thought? We need your kind of ethical leadership in our highest office now more than ever.
That's the conversation NFL players protesting desired to have but instead, we have a President that totally twisted their intentions. Thank you for having compassion and a desire for change.
James Comey is back in charge of the FBI when I'm president.
GREETINGS TO ALL APPLICANT ALL OVER, IN REGARDS FOR THOSE WHO  ARE  INTERESTED IN GETTING LOAN, KINDLY EMAIL:  foroxloaninvestment@gmail.com
Can I say you look younger and happier??  definitely looking forward to reading your book!
Flirting with the fbi?!?!
You know it 
Why did you focus on Hillary publicly before the election and give Trump a pass in the public eye when you were provided info he had been cultivated by Kremlin for years?  #LargestIntelligenceFailureInUSAHistoryOnYourWatch
#BackFire
Major blunder.  Very poor judgement.
I said to myself when i saw the photo, " Is that James Comey"? Yes, it sure is. Thank you for participating.
At the risk of stating the obvious, you are a very tall person!
Wow! You really are a giant! :)
James Comey—Please do not give up the fight!
Remember when you decided to get Trump elected by releasing a letter 10 days before the election saying there were more emails and then there weren’t. Whoopsie
Great to see you...
Lordy!!
so jealous! please come one day to my alma matter Florida International University College of Law to discuss these issues :)
Are you sure you're a Republican at heart Mr Comey? Last minute election shenanigans aside, you seem to have a real social conscience.
I hope next president could hire you again
You are an inspiration to everyone...... Not sure if this will happen to Trump but some are trying ..
#CorruptComey #CorruptMueller #DeepState #MAGA
ur looking  much better now....qas worried about u.  u r a good man....and easy  on the  eyes :)
I am looking forward to reading your book.
How about 2020 !
I like Sally Yates for 2020.
Glad you are out and about and that you are addressing this crucial issue.
YOU REALLY NEED TO STEP UP AND DO THE RIGHT THING. YOU NEED TO TELL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THE TRUTH ABOUT THIS WHOLE CLINTON SCANDAL. DO THE CHRISTIAN THING. GOD WANTS THE TRUTH!!
Nit sure how many white cops got away with murdering unarmed blacks on your watch but surely gloating about a discussion on that topic is almost #Trump like self-aggrandizement.
Mr. Comey would you come and speak to my students? You are really an inspiration.
Comey 2020
Really AWESOME, Mr. Comey.   @FBI  @TheJusticeDept @WhiteHouse  @HowardU 
Thank you for supporting...African Americans! 
God Bless!  
@birminghammail @visit_bham @BCFC 
@CNNTonight @CNNPolitics @Morning_Joe @NBCNews 
@CBSNews @washingtonpost

@Comey @askjillian wants to bang you
Lordy I wish you were still director. Missing your fire and direction. I know you gave me peace of mind.
But he blew it for Hillary.
#ComeyForPresident
Nice how we are finding out little by little Just how corrupt you were.  It’s a shame you sold your soul to the devil
How are you not in Jail yet?
Thank you for working at Howard and donating your salary and just being a real stand up guy.
Doesn't matter what you do now, Comey, you forever are tainted. You helped steal that election. Disgusting.
Did you speak from behind the curtains?
My alma mater.  So glad you are there!!
Ugh, This inept just came up on my TL. Because Of YOU i've lost my Faith in the @FBI
Keep fighting for the people! God closes one door to open another. Be the Warrior Angel you were born to be. Peace and continued Blessings!
Speaking of Alabama, Hmm...the GOP over nite developed a moral conscience re: Moore. Including Hannity. Now McConnell says Sessions for a write in, leaving AG opening for a non recused person to fill. No luv for Sessions but at least he's recused from russia probe. I smell a RAT
Thank you for your service. Law enforcement is better when you influence it. #ComeyDay
Alabama needs all the training and good ideas u can give them. Thanks!
destroyed Hillary's chances. You should be investigated for violating the Hatch Act.
WHY would YOU be on a law enforcement & race panel ???? YOU unapologetically broke the law & have incarcerating African Americans in record numbers your whole tenure !!! Glad you were fired & can't wait until you're indicted & face Lady Justice !!!
Your letter to Jason Chaffetz, about Hillary Clinton's e-mails, on Huma Abedin's ex-husband laptop, nine days before the election...
Terrible blunder and for nothing.  Why not then say Trumpie arecunder investigation for Russian collusion?  Equal time, equal destruction to campaigns.
Panel discussion was interesting. Majority of residents in Birmingham statistically are Black. In the past, 1960's it was white. It looks like self segregation has removed some or even most of inequalities in that city.This type of success does not bring people together.
Hey Comey from Alabama....look forward to reading your book!!!
Morning James!
dang you're tall  

Don’t get too comfortable Comey, indictments are coming your way!
No curtains to hide behind???
They Cant save you from what coming... Perjury Much??
send our best to your pal Bob.  The country needs him ...and soon.
Happy to see and hear things are going great for you hope you keep up on Twitter
Comey is a Giant!
You all look great!! You especially look rested.
Sir, do you believe the institutions of this country is strong enough to weather the disease it is been infected with?
Criminal!!!
Awesome!
great outreach
oh now you wanna talk about race and law enforcement? Talk is cheap...so was the price of your complicity...you're a coward & traitor
You're a joke!  I'll be happy to see you in prison with KilLIARy and Lynch and Ovomit!
Thank you,  you are an inspiration to me in these dark times

nice.
#comeyismyhomey
Your Leadership is vital to our nation.   May the Almighty keep you safe and guide your footsteps!
PS
After my difficult situation 
CHINA
Made a documentary of the 
Guest teacher who became ill
THEN recovered in Ok!
Made a 2nd documentary 
Hope is made into a movie to inspire teachers 
GOD takes suffering 
AND shines HIS light to
Heal and restore USOFALL 
I should be feet heavy about the time this ends.
Thank you for your service for 
USOFALL 
I'm preaching 
Teaching
Praying 
For a UNITED nation 
AND
Acknowledging the great people of the FBI
And their leaders 
Bosses COME AND GO
Career heroes STAY
The course 
In faith
On our knees 
Prayers for FBI
Personnel 
AND
Leaders 
So comeys behind all the anti Roy Moore stuff.
IS THIS LEGAL under new SANCTIONS  .. Trump authorized $2.8 million to . Former KGB Putin ally hired for U.S. Moscow embassy security http://on.msnbc.com/2AHohCt     @FBI @NewYorkFBI @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain
Think you are an awesome person
Holy crap, what're you, like eight foot seven? Looking good, Jim.
For the record, and mostly for me, I'd like you to know I believe you're a good man. Heh, I could easily see you rocking out with chocolate milk and your fave Sousa Marches on a Saturday night. 
I don't believe anything the snake pit in the WH hisses out. 🖒
I sure hope he gets all his notes and letters to Mueller.
You are a giant among men.  No really, you are a YUGE fella. #ComeyismyHomey
Please run for President..???
Hi James, it is customary on Twitter to share the link to the video of the event you are referencing. 
I fixed it for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoQZFIY8nGA …
P.S.: You're a hero and a patriot. I have the utmost respect for you.
#hasbeen just like @HillaryClinton

Law enforcement? Give me a break.
Wish I could be there.
I implore YOU, Seth Rich was murdered.  24 year old dem staffer accused of leaking emails to Wiki Leaks.  Put out by Sean Hannity & Trump.  2 days after story was released , it was proved to be a lie!  Hannity takes story down , a day later Rich mysteriously killed.  RT !
@MSNBC
You need to turn yourself in your a traitor to America
You're great looking & terrific (although a bit tall) & I'm a fan!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=161586564195904&id=100010336830510 …
HERO!!!!!!!!
I would’ve loved to join you all on the panel.
Mr Comey, a photo op is nice but Black people are disproportionately targeted for fatal shootings by police. Do you condemn that and what can, will you do?
I love how you’re sticking it up Trump’s rear end being out there. Yah!!
Just a question- why do people put their arms around a near stranger for a photo. Men nearly always do it to women. Let's start there.
Prison awaits.
All black people should protest you. BLACK LIVES MATTER!
I am glad Trump fired you, but not because he wanted to obstruct justice. I am glad you were fired because you've done nothing about the police murders of black people around this country and you put a tyrant in the White House who has divided this country. You're responsible.
Your October surprise got Trump elected, I haven’t forgotten.   I hope all those who love our country never forget that your a side note to the election of a tyrant.
Interesting that you mention Alabama right now....
Any way to view this on YouTube?
My son, a Howard student, was thrilled to have a chance to hear the panel and to speak with you afterward. An unforgettable moment for him. Thank you.
Anything about leaked confidential memos or email coverups on the agenda?
Baby James. Some people still believe and trust you ? That is strange and sick.
He has no shame.
