You write so beautifully James. I agree Trump acts like a Mob Boss! While the Hillary announcement was bad before the election, I believe you speak the truth. The PLOY on behalf of Trump and GOP To discredit, is discusting. Remember, "They can't handle the truth",  votes!
Also, this is another story for Trump to look for votes in his base. You will be battered everywhere, Go Forth James, you know the truth in all this mess.!
Fox News needs to be Boycotted now!! LIES everyday,  and Trumps base believes them. SO SAD
Mr Comey:  are you being sarcastic? You looked away as Trump's campaign networked with Putin/Russia while you obsessed over HRC & her stupid personal server. You single-handedly wrecked her almost certain victory. You should be ashamed of yourself & should apologize to all of US.
You knew Trump had mafia connections
& you threw the election to him anyways.

Trump's bid for Sydney casino 30 years ago rejected due to 'mafia connections’
Alana, so true. I live in No Calif, the Bay Area, a real fantasyland, the hotbed of liberalism. We were (& still are) all for HRC. There was a tangible momentum for her victory until the day the memo came out. I could sense a screeching halt. 
The entire purpose of Louise Mensch was to dupe the left into thinking Comey was innocent. She needed her Nikulin lie, to do that.
Why would Louise cover for Comey? Whose side is she on?
She's on the side of the FBI.
The side Christopher Steele didn't trust anymore.
you have sputed a bag of feathers recently @Comey
True https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2003/jan/25/russia.books …
Spurgeon also coined, “A lie will go round the world as truth is pulling its boots on”.
Spurgeon may have coined it but he didn't create it: it was Terry Pratchett, in his book "The Truth". And it's "while truth is pulling its boots on".
“A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.”     
 
― Mark Twain
You will never see a picture like  this on Donald Trump Twitter account nature is so beautiful that our commander-in-chief will never realize that’s unfortunately
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
You know ALL ABOUT LIES  don't you, James?  You speak them so WELL.
I love being reminded how MUCH more intelligent 19th & 20th century scholars were compared2modernday #WeSuck #Idiocracy is real
Thank you for standing up for the truth and putting Don the Con in his place
Yep its called "fake news". It's been "off the hook" lately. ( that means really popular or common.)
we r peeling back the orange. the most corrupt era has come to a halt and the evil is being purged and soon they will turn on each other. there is no loyalty among thieves. 2018 will be a year of cleansing and harsh justice. America is awake now
...and that is what you did to Trump - you lied about him.
You ought to know.
He sure does have a lot of lies "floating" around then. 
THIS IS WHY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE ON THE TRUMP-TRAIN ASS-HOLE @realDonaldTrump
A Tamil Hindu proverb says, "Bad news is half way round the world before good news gets out the door".
Lies come and go fast, as do their relevancy. Any influence did nothing. Clinton was the wrong candidate. People are searching for true improvement to this greatest gov the world has seen.
I know Great Falls very well and have many very fond childhood memories.  I have mixed emotions about you tweeting pics of it, mostly because I have mixed emotions about you. #WhoIsToBlame for this mess.
From a true American bard.
U have a lot of strange talk coming from someone who has defiled the constitution
Bot Alert! Report and Block!!!!
Hitler said as much, too.
You understand I don't mean that in a good way.
#Comey, What do you know about truth!  Seem you know nothing except deceit and lies!
Someone needs to remove the word "honorable" from befoe the name of those in the swamp, I'm convinced there is no one honorable in washington.  What a shamble you all have made of a great institution.  Every1 there hates Trump bc he exosed you all
Yeah I guess you know that, all you have to do is leak something to the fake news and it will be heard around the world, thanks for nothing comey!!!
Yes and God will prevail and catch you eventually... Called Karma!
My family and I are waiting since 2015 to hire the express train in pursuit of justice against AT&T. Any chance you'd be available for consultation, between your book-writing sessions ? Thanks, Senthil
Bot ! Report ! Block
yes and you are the biggest liar in the world
Yes you know it well,  with your lies !
Well said and well read if you know CHS. Calvin did a harmony of the last four of the 1st five books harmonizing the law, with incredible insight into how the law of God guides us into the Truth.
@BobSMueller and you are not concerned about the truth. The truth is that @HillaryClinton got special treatment. She got away with things that most Americans would have been put in jail for. This whole investigation looks tainted and not fair for @realDonaldTrump.
No truer would could be spoken by a person that uses the law for subornation of the truth! Right Jimmy? U don’t determine INTENT! The grand jury does or a jury of HRC peers! But u forgot that didn’t u Jimmy?
What's with all the quotes& prose? Sorry...sounds hollow...
You have told plenty of them. No need to quote anyone.
BUT IN  THE END, A LIE CANNOT LONG LAY IN ITS INTENDED PLACE, FOR IT HAS NO WEIGHT, NO SUBSTANCE. TRUTH EVEN PINFUL TRUTH IS PREFERABLE AND RIGHT
Ahhh. Nice photo as well.  That must be Great Falls.
Mr. Comey and Robert Mueller are the only Republicans I trust or have any faith in to not lie or line their pockets.
th rest of them, will dry up and float away, like so many lives fallen from their tree
Bot! Report! Block!!!
My favorite
#TrumpTrain knows the #Truth and we weren't 'hired' to 'bring it'!
We've Got God!
How long did it take you to 'investigate' that quote? @Comey
Quoting #Christian icons or #Bible scripture duzn't exonerate the sinner from his sin
Humility in Truth telling Asking for Forgiveness and Accepting Accountability is Salvation!
DONT PREACH TO THE CHOIR!
#NotTodaySatan
@BobSMueller AMEN. OUR PASTOR TAUGHT US THS WHEN ME AND MY FAMILY GOT SAVED. YES YES YES. THANKS FOR SHARING
John 17:17 KJV
Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
Yeah start telling the truth for a change. FBI is a joke and most of the American people are disgusted and we don't trust yunz no longer
The right perspective changes everything!
That is so true.  While no one is perfect, the distortions, harmful twists and lies, like vicious gossip, make others feel superior to and "controlling" of those at whose expense they, themselves, benefit in their malice and harms to others.
I believe you - that is why it is taking so long to uncover all the truth of what has been going on since you and McCabe and mueller and the rest of your friends became such chums with the clintons.  You thought we were all stupid & you had it covered but wrong again Comey
The FBI knows this better than anyone else, because they practice this mantra.
Brilliant.
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth can get its pants on.
How is it you guys can quote all these wise men, yet not follow their sage advice?
Shouldn't you start by telling the truth then?
That's why Trump Won!! We will get the truth and all you Dems will fall like a house Of Cards!!!
trump is living an imaginary ignoble daydream, this house of cards you ever to is fortified on the inside with inexorable truth, it will endure
It’s too bad you don’t live by words you speak you have left a mess behind u and And quote scripture very hypocritical
#know_History the #anti_Jewish persists as #selective_enforcement of Jewish and gay stars. @THR @thehill the Alabama race is a measure of the Entrenched_lawlessness of Alabama. @jdforward @Pontifex
YOU NEEDED TO BE ON THE SIDE OF TRUTH BUT YOU LIED ABOUT HILLARY - YOU PROTECTED HER CRIMINAL AND EVIL DEEDS.   YOU ALL HAVE HIDDEN THE TRUTH FROM THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.   GOD WILL REVEAL WHAT YOU ALL HAVE HIDDEN.
You wouldn't know truth if it bit you in the a**. If any one of us did what HRC did, we'd be under a jail cell. She obstructed justice when she destroyed her black berries and laptops. She sold her position as SOS in exchange for CF money
JAMES COMEY YOUR NOTHING BUT A CORRUPT PAID OFF FBI AGENT U HAVE SHAMED THE FBI & YOUR FAMILY WITH YOUR CORRUPTION U WILL HAVE TO ANSWER TO GOD I PROMISE U THAT.
How dare you quote Charles Spurgeon like you're some kind of decent man. You are a sell out to whoever you thought could advance your career. No new building named after you. Happy?
This could not be more true!
or elect a #TrumpTrain
A professor Shinivar at the Univ of Toledo once said...A lie is easier to believe than the truth.  I'm starting to think there are some who live by this!
Pompous Religious quotes won't save us.
Lisa Page agrees. #PeterStrzok
I want James Comey to be our next president please run! You're the most honest and respectful man I've seen lately we need someone like you!
You are sick and very fooled
Also I think you should consider running for president.
Sir, thank you for your service to this country.  You got a raw deal, but the truth will prevail.
Amen!
James. ... where are you now that we need you?!
I don't agree with him completely.  Truth has a power also and travels just as quickly.  But yes, hate travels quickly and kills truth.
Are you saying that your lips are spewing the breath of a feather???
Yes he is saying just that - tweets out those feathers constantly.  But the truth will set us free.  There will be another book but it will not be his
Love Spurgeon. As in so many things, he is right again.
Splendid.
“But let justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream,” Comey wrote, citing words of the Old Testament prophet Amos that the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once spoke from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial.”  ~ Washington Post
I did respect u  but after the games that u have played with our justice system,there can no longer b any respect 4 u or the fbi #Liar
The thing about lies, it has a way of coming back and biting you when you least expect it to.
How about let justice give a beat down...these people need some hardcore justice upside the head.  I'd like to take the Bible and start clubbing them all upside the head.
James, you have the power to overthrow the worst nightmare we've had. Save the world from nuclear anihilation. You have now more power than the most powerful man on Earth. Humanity will be grateful to you. Help get Trump out of the White House.
Perfect example that even whackos can hold high positions in the government?!?!
If this guys doesn't end up in jail or some sort of reprimand...there really isnt any justice in the world anymore?
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #trump
Any man familiar with Spurgeon is a bud of mine!
Bless you, Mr. Comey.
So true!
How are we going to remove the con artist lying mentally deranged drumpf?? How did the USA sink so low to hell??
if you want a lie to go round the world, it will fly; it is light as a feather and a breath  will carry it.” Rev. Charles Haddon Spurgeon (1855). That statement should fit you well Mr. Comey..... Hypocrite. Just like you did and have done with the email invenstigation!
Flynn and no Clinton? Quoting bible? Lol smh

I have a photo of my wife sitting on those rocks before we were married in 1968. Some things never change. Here's hoping the Republic lasts as those rocks do.
AMEN AND AMEN
Let's not think about far away place you call escape routes, let's confine our thoughts into jail cells and talk about uranium...
I always thought you carried yourself with dignity. TY.
Evil propels the lie and evil suffocates the truth. I've just described mainstream media  in America.
You are the reason we are in this mess. Had you not started that investigation crap 3 days prior to the election....
I really expect you would know this very well.
you would definitely know how light and feathery lies are!
God damn we need you back. Thank you for what you’ve done and keep up the good fight against he pathological lying tyrant
Well, that explains #YouCanKeepYourDoctor and #YourPremiumsWillGoDown. 

Light as a feather...

But how does the #20BillionDollarNationalDebt fot into this equation?
Or, you could just leak your lie to a professor pal who gives it to The New York Times.
You would certainly know
And that is what CNN does best... lie. But a Leftist like you knows that already.
Right and NOTHING BUT FEATHERS CAME FROM YOUR TERM AS HEAD OF FBI SHAME ON YOU SHAME
Awsome pic, and gorgeous guy. Love you Comey 
"Nevertheless, it does not injure us; for if light as feather it travels as fast, its effect is just about as tremendous as the effect of down, when it is blown against the walls of a castle; it produces no damage whatever, on account of its lightness and littleness." C.Spurgeon

And you do know a lot about 'lying' don't you....
can't think for yourself? you are so narrow minded and a lack of class!!
And @CNN does a great job of blowing that feather.
#NOTMYPRESIDENT
Thank You Mr. Comey, and I will add, in the end, TRUTH ALWAYS WINS.
You do know that you help Donald Trump win the elections. You played the double agent card and backfired on you. You lost credibility and your words really do not matter much.
So....you had a stable procedure in place to leak information, huh? Something that could "fly, as light as a feather..."
"The truth will out."
#The Bard #TrumpsAll 
  
I know that's true. Look how fast that 'Trump/Russia' meme spread. Such a big investment in spreading that idea. Hmmm.
And he wrote that 150 years before Twitter
Great Falls 
. . . and if you put either a truth, or a lie, in a stream, both will go downhill.
just ask fox and vlad

So F’n Accurate
Yes it accurately describes @Comey
#ComeyismyHomey
Great message James
Don’t even bring God in and think that people are fooled!!
The following is linked to an interesting story about how lies fly:
Join #TermLimits
Love this!

"All media exist to invest our lives with artificial perceptions and arbitrary values." -Marshall McLuhan
Amen.
Now apply this to the #dossier.
What about 33,000 emails — would be great to see the truth go around the world.  I’m so, so disappointed in you.  What were you thinking?
To ALL: "One can be absolutely truthful and sincere even though admittedly the most outrageous liar. Fiction and invention are of the very fabric of life."
- Henry Miller
Virgil agreed in the Aeneid:
"Rumor, swiftest of all the evils in the world.
 She thrives on speed, stronger for every stride,
 slight with fear at first, soon soaring into the air
 she treads the ground and hides her head in the clouds."
Well, we all know, you’re an expert in the lie department! #MAGA
We have a train and the day is coming to open all the lies and #corruption of your years at the #FBI the #truth is being uncovered. #UraniumOneScandal #ClintonRussia #ClintonEmails
Comey why do u tweet like a crack pot ? Learn to speak normal !
I don't think it's Comey Lynda!Too weird!
I always thought he was an odd ball . He testified like he’s conflicted . So these tweets confirm he’s a nut
I just don't believe it's his account!Look at the tweets of geese flying & philosophizing about shit!
Don’t know it’s verified
It reminds me of Nixon's incoherent bloviating before he resigned,but you were too young then!
Yes I barely remember Nixon except my grandmother being upset . But Comey is a weirdo I always thought .
You know Donald Trump is the all time Liar in Chief and can make a lie fly at the speed of light!
Hmmm.   You and the criminal known as Hillary Clinton.   Feathers.
You are a LEGEND in your own hand kumquat. Hope to see you at GUANTANAMO!
Did you take this picture? It’s beautiful!
Fun fact: When young George Washington was a surveyor, he surveyed Great Falls area.
I remember the night an opinion flew around the world. An opinion that should have remained private. I pray Mueller stops Trump.
Thank you James Comey - I respect you and I appreciate your honesty and compassion.
https://powerglobal.us/2017/09/14/chronic-obstruction-alert-james-comey-barack-obama-bones-in-the-throat-of-american-justice/ … So just explain to all of us, what part of your Hillary exoneration speech was not dictated to you by President Obama & the Clinton Campaign.
As a cog in the wheel of public corruption since the Clinton days in the 90s, if the truth is ever revealed, hope You put some cash in Qatar like the Clinton's have.
That makes no sense whatsoever and has zero to do with this conversation. You don’t want to talk politics. And you like Trump because he yells a lot and antagonizes liberals.But somehow hat makes you in your mind the greater patriot. It’s all so idiotic
Seriously? Makes no sense to you? Comey laments 'lies', yet he propagates them and shields other liars. Nit rocket science. And anyone who antagonizes liberals is ok with me; I especially like it when they unwittingly do it to themselves.
I love you, man!
What in hell would YOU know about truth?  You are a dishonorable man and even though you're tall in statue, in reality, you are a very small man!
And you still stepped over the line and caused Hillary to lose the election.  We have you to thank for this mess.
The shameful , treasonous behavior of POTUS is a red herring;  diversionary tactics to deflect from  financial deals w/Russia.
realdonaldtrump your dam nightmare is coming
Should you 2, of all people, really be tweeting about truth and lies???

A 5th grader can figure out why the clintons are no longer offered $300k for "speeches". Get the respect of the FBI back

#RussiaBS
#UraniumOne
#dossier
#ClintonFoundation #PayToPlay
#Trump
#MAGA
