That's excellent .. very true
You, are getting a statue. Thank you for being a very, very big part of saving democracy. Your honesty and integrity should be a standard for all law enforcement and Americans. Mrs. Comey, how does it feel to be married to an American Hero?Be proud, all of your family. I am.
A true American hero.
Comey really is our Homey!!
ahh. the libs love hate relationship with comey
Nothing but LOVE!! 

Hey, how's all that "winning" working out? 
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
You need to think about what you said about integrity
Skit raises interesting ?How did Strozek & Page inform HR of their affair? What if anything did you know?
And sometimes it happens right at home.

Let's see how many get locked up while you meet the men in white coats ya missed the med cart again e see Trumpderangerment Syndrome
Your FBI investigationwas not transparent and lacked integrity. Next time practice what you preach
AMEN!!
Transparency to who? You have got to get the brainwashing cleaned out so you can think straight. You are trying a coup to overthrow the American Republic. We the people are at your door.
You support many of the same criminals that abuse & harass women & girls. How do you look yourself in the mirror, much less your daughters
How are you speaking about integrity? Teaching ethics? Even thinking about leadership. You were the worst Director ever.I’m Including all USG agencies. @AgentUndrground @Thomas1774Paine @csthetruth @In2HotH2O @greggutfeld @FoxNews @SarahPalinUSA @SaraCarterDC #ReinstateRobynGritz
Just hijacking your thread to say this: I’m sorry, Steph. You deserved to be heard.
You seriously would not know transparency if you lived in a glass house. You HAD the potential to be great and a true fighter for justice and the American people but instead you chose the swamp #why how did someone that had #integrity once throw it away.
Crooked Comey the Clown 
Don't try to be so righteous..you protected Hillary & her corruption...& You know you did! You did WRONG..so, hold off on preaching to us!
“Transparency”? You’re joking.
i feel your pain
The answer is C: "bully her out of the entire industry" (but it's okay because the boss she embarassed/angered was married to an FBI agent.....oooooops). Welcome to America :)  P.S. it's not over, it's been almost 5 years, this is ALL very wrong.
With 4 sons, I'm thinking I need to have a talk with them about making sure that they're never alone with a woman in the workplace bc they may misconstrue the slightest comment or action as sexual harrassment.
Two tweets in one day? What a treat! Thank you for speaking out on this issue. 
"Speak and act as those who are going to be judged by the law that gives freedom..." James 2: 12
I am thrilled! I hope he will be much more active on Twitter from now on.
Your executives at the FBI were some of the worst perps.
Would be interesting to see how many lawsuits and EEOs there are against his “leadership team”.
Awwww.....do your four daughters know how to steal elections from the American voter?  Like father like daughters?
You got that right Jimmy.
Transparency? Wow! You should be an snl writer! You are a jester!
It takes a village.
http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/12/04/alan-dershowitz-obstruction-justice-charges-against-trump-would-lead-constitutional …

Now what Jim, since you are doing the talking?....This is what I think..you, Mueller, Brennan, Hayden, and Clapper have been exposed...the American people and congress will do the talking next..and we want your answers, under oath!!!
You ran a corrupt FBI. Politically  motivated buried deep in swamp. STOP With MORAL Lectures you have none. Obstruction!
Seriously, champ, these tweets are embarrassing. You guys have lost, badly - so bend the knee, give @realDonaldTrump a call and fess up to what you did (if you haven't already). He already knows anyway.
 Trumps like Santa - he knows - he always knows 
Absolutely!  Trump calls the shots! His surrogates act on *his behest*! #maga
Like Michael Flynn, got his orders  from trump! And Don Jr too, the magnitsky/sanctions meetings, all under 45's knowledge and direction! Trump santa! #maga
That’s President Trump to you. So doctor, having a leader who cares for the citizens of this country first, must have a chilling effect on most of your snowflake clientele. How does that make you feel?
It feels great!! PRESIDENT TRUMP gives the marching orders, like he says, HE CALLS THE SHOTS! #manafort #flynn #papadapolous #RussiaSanctions #niger #sgtjohnson the buck stops with PRESIDENT TRUMP! #maga
PRESIDENT TRUMP fired Comey for not doing his job!! PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE DECIDER, just like he said on @LesterHoltNBC
PhD. No way. You need help.
You, personally, are the enemy of the American people.
Yes, yes he is!!
You put trump in office
Putin did.
And Mercer & Koch assh*les.. etc etc
No. He does not get a pass
No Hillary cost Hillary the Election.
You're ability to have children does not change your character. Using your daughters as a shield does though.. #traitor #unlawmen #wethepeople #comeyisalyingpos #starchamber #ichoosemyowntargets #FU
https://pbs.twimg.com/card_img/936730002577432577/Blo4mLbX?format=jpg&name=600x314 …
We love you, Mr. Comey.  If your parents are still around, please thank them for all of us.
Ya didn't love him in the email scandal you libs are so ridiculous  this man has no morals or ethics n when it ALL comes out you remember  you love for a man who was willing to sell out the fbi for person gain
Yes and you corrupted your place in the chain!! Traitor!!
Boy you're one to talk about transparency next to Hillary you might be one of the biggest Liars around
.
.
#JAMESCOMEY2020
BTW Mr. Comey, your testimony before the House Intel Comm was greatest 5 1/2 hours I ever spent in front of the TV. I encourage anyone who hasnt, watch on you tube.

Everything was laid out in that hearing.

The House Intel. while still acting director.
Why is she a victim...we have more women in the field than men...at most coed workplaces...or office.
Thats her cancer patch.
Integrity??? I thought integrity and Comey were antonyms...
Sir, someday our kids will tell their grandchildren how Trump was defeated and democracy restored. They will have heard it before and will be bored. Won't it be wonderful!!
Funny coming from a man who doesn't even know what transparency means.
Its sad Jim and not something to be made in a comedy routine...Lisa Bloom however is a disgrace
You have 4 daughters, so why on earth would you want to live in a world of Hillary?! You know what the future would hold if she won! I would think you would want the best for your children! This is heartbreaking!
Why did you not reveal that whatever was found out about the Hillary investigation, you were never going to send it up to the DOJ to be prosecuted? We know that now from the emails that had to be pried out of the FBI with every threat known by law?
Your words are amazing...Integrity & transparency?? That's not what you've given the American people in your quest to protect Hillary's criminal actions
Except when you were in charge and looked the other way
James, with 4 girls, why would you allow the Hillary-Obama clan try to implement socialist to become more relevant then it is already.  I believe in you even though I am a Trump supporter. You really hurt my heart when your inner circle let her slide from justice.
+-
THERE IS A LOTS OF A LOTS OF SEX SLEVERY IN AMERICA BEING DONE BY THE INSIDERS.THE ONES INVOLVED ON THIS TYPES OF CRIMES ARE THE ONES FROM INSIDE. THE ONES THAT NOBODY WOULD EVER QUESTION BECAUSE THEY ARE HIDING BEHIND APPARENTLY LEGITIMATE BUSINESS...
FROM REAL STATE MANAGEMENT COMPANIES TO RESTAURANTS AND HOTELS...
@realmanobrow @Comey ICYMI | As FBI Directors, Mueller and Comey Ignored Dozens of Female Agents Who Were Sexually Abused by Colleagues… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/939759119451467777 …
Who cares
Honestly, sir, whether or not you have four daughters should not matter. Each and every person was born from a woman. We deserve the respect just because we are human beings.
My dog has more transparency and integrity in his left paw than you showed in your entire pathetic career, sir.
You know nothing of transparency or decency, you traitor to America. Perhaps once you are in prison you can contemplate those virtues.
We all feel the same
I have a son - it's personal all right.....
I used to believe in the @FBI however when serious crimes are reported and then they are ignored why should the public even bother helping, respecting or believing in this agency that touts integrity? @JusticeOIG
Hillary is gonna suicide you...
What‘s sad is while skit makes it sound like some answer options are ridiculously outrageous- they’re exactly what some powerful men have recently been outed as doing.  & despite their disgusting behavior, many are keeping Govt jobs that we - American taxpayers - are paying.  

So, maybe you should send this to your ex-coworker, the married Peter Strzok and his married mistress Lisa Page Brooks.
Dear friend Comey, In their trajectories, lies use escalators to get there fast. The truth on the contrary uses stairs, but ends up triumphing over lies although the latter got there faster
I hope your daughters find out one day what your role was regarding the abuse of telemetry in the United States.  So they can see the "real" you.
You harm your families name too you corrupt Tyrant think skinned sub human.
Can I be your 5th daughter pls
you aren't allowed to speak of integrity. You did NOTHING about that psy ops at Sandy Hook. Even a 6th grader would notice anamolies in official report. geesh
Says the man that made the FBI loose its once credible status, and turned it into an institution that protects political groupies.  James Comey responsible for the destruction of a once great organization.
Who cares about ur daughters.
You ran a dirty ship. You're a self serving man. How could you  allow so much lawlessness? You've gone from being director of the FBI to posting tweets about SNL. Meanwhile, Flynn, a 4 star general's life has been destroyed while you get to make money off a dirty book deal.
Good to know you have a sense of humor.
With 4 girls you should be worried about Sharia law in U.S.A. SHUSH FUND! Sure you knew about that & protected the evil MEN! Hope your girls don't have to suffer at the hands of dirty DC ppl!
@tedlieu Teach the differences Puritan Calvinist exclusionary religions. @Pontifex recognized Martyrs in Indonesia vs #DutchCalvinists. see @RNS @directorsilk @CatholicHerald @PatheosEvang we need seminars deeper "ABOUT_religion" for public too. Teach-ins. videos on youtube @AP
tell your followers to, Like Kurt said take the time to floss. Sonicare brushes are best. cleanings are sonic now. #FBI_Care_for_Selves there is tremendous evil now legitimizing the unthinkable.
were you aware that 17 MILLION DOLLARS of tax payer money has gone to a hush/slush fund? What else is being hid from us ?
Oh yes. Sadly, true. Hopefully it’s changing, finally. #MeToo #SNL #SpotOn
Pay no attention to the haters!
Lmao. Yea you thought Hillary was gonna win so u went rogue. Go hide behind your bible hypocrite
FBI Agent Peter Strzok ? Transparent much?

The FBI docs on Loretta Lynch's meeting with Bill Clinton that Jim Comey claimed under-oath didn't exist? 

Yeah, it turn out they did exist. The flight plans show that Lynch…

Your ass should go to jail
Thank you, Mr. Comey! We’re currently living under the worst ever Administration. Top down all GOP. It’s disgusting to see these men, fathers of daughters, nevertheless, defend others accused of crimes they’d not forgive them if it was their daughters. Why??
4 daughters that thank God won’t have to live in a USA you tried to turn into a banana republic.

You belong in a jail cell
Hey @Comey an American traitor! @realDonaldTrump and special counsel Muller are coming for you, you should have been careful what you wished for and leaked. Next Christmas you will spend in "Club Fed" With Hillary.... 
Grateful for your uncompromised service to our great nation. God bless you, sir.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE take this admin down before it's TOO LATE!  Help SAVE OUR RRPUBLIC and the WORLD!
Why don't you just go and Host SNL.
Would be great to see.
28% of Alabamians don't believe the allegations against #RoyMoore. We have 1 week to changed their minds. Engage as many Alabama voters as possible and let them know they will be rueing the day when they supported a pedophile! #TeamWomen
Speaking of your family... http://heavy.com/news/2017/06/james-comey-family-wife-photos-pictures-facebook-patrice-failor-children-ramsey-rapist-son-brien-tree/ … Your Dad was right! I only ur Mom was still with us, cuz the 1 thing Trump could use is a good talking to by an Irish-Catholic Mama! Nothing else  can get you straightened out and flying right than that!! That boy could use it!
You should be in prison.
LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR,Traitor,LIAR...
I don't care about your kids and the skit is aweful
