If they build it ?

Whole lot of us lacking peace..
Lovely shot and sunset.

What a troll  I'm even more convinced now.
I’m reading this as ur convinced it’s really him, cause after this week I really want to believe it is! McCain, Biden, Bush, Obama + Comey?
Go look at my thread 
It's a little further down on the page.
Yes, quite convinced.
It'd be hard to draw more than circumstantial inferences from what there is so far, but it seems plausible. Any read on the Iowa photo yet?
Agreed, but certain teachings never really leave you.

Yes.
This is what I’ve got - which is more speculation but nonetheless:
Grassley chairs FBI oversight cmte; Clinton in Iowa when email investigation was reopened; Comey’s wife from Iowa; 1st caucus; or just corn.
Corn is really good, but I tend to steer away because of carbs. 
But cornfields are gorgeous, especially in that sort of sunset.
Wait....golden...um...
LOL I could so spin this into a really whacky conspiracy theory. 
I'm refraining though.
 You never know...
Grassley chairs FBI oversight cmte; Clinton in Iowa when email investigation was reopened; Comey’s wife from Iowa; 1st caucus; or just corn.
Thinking of your time as a field agent?
Good one 
Come back to Iowa this 2018
Beautiful!
land.
The only great thing that comes out of Iowa is 35W

Have you ever been to Bogie’s Steak House in Albia? If not...you must check it out. Amazing. (FYI...they don’t take American Express)
@comey Hey Comey now that you’re you...gotta let me know about Bogie’s Steakhouse. I bet mr. @tomarnold has been there. Tom your thoughts?
Stay there
Reminds me of "Children of the Corn" and "He Who Walks Behind the Rows"
Stay away from my beautiful state!!  You might stain it!! 
It's always good to be in Iowa.  
My  stays in Iowa even when I moved.
Looks like home to me! From Nebraska.
Gorgeous.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
OH , Yes  Iowa  .........
Beautiful photo!
Nature has it's calming effect
Robert Mueller took this pic.give him his credit.
Have a friend in Bettendorf Iowa. Thank you for your service and for doing what’s right.
Your photography is beautiful. Please keep sharing. Thank you for your service and welcome to the twitter world in your real name vs other name. There are many Bots and Trolls here, but there are many more great people here too.
Wonderful photos.
Crank some slipknot.
taken 7/7/17
Yeah, no. Iowa corn does not look like that on July 17. This is either one of greatest spoof accounts ever, or some deep shit is up.
check the meta data on the photo.
That doesn't mean it was taken then.  There's no way that's July Iowa corn.
If acct is real, I would guess changing meta data on a pic is no biggie for the former FBI director.
BETTER TO BE BEHIND BARS!
You have my vote! Can we call your party "for truths sake"! Lordy, that is what we crave & need most. Transparency Party? TP not good 
PLEASE STAY THERE!

IF ONLY YOU WERE BRAVE ENOUGH TO ROOT OUT CORRUPTION FROM DUPAGE, COOK, & KENDAL COUNTY CROOKED RIGGED SYSTEM GOVT'S!
Run, Comey. Run.
You give me strength.
Yes the tranquility of photos gives me hope this storm will pass
I’m just hoping is Comey...
Can ya tell if he's tall? :)
He’s extremely tall:-) as is the guy in the pic:-)
I can tell from the comments, lol
The followers have jumped bigly time.
Are you from Iowa?
Where bouts in Iowa?
Yay!
Yes it is. I'm from Iowa, 5th gen born, raised and college educated there. Best state in the union. I'd like to make my way back.
Great pic. :)
May I ask where? That's my home state.
Never been in Iowa...But beautiful picture, Director Comey!!!
You look rested. Following you.
Why are you in Iowa? Are you from Iowa?
Some if the most beautiful sunsets in the country. Right here in Iowa.
Come to Omaha.....
Where my Mom was born in 1897 and always proud of being from Ames, Iowa.  Miss her each day.  Ed
I get to look at the Burlington Bridge from my house, but I like your view as well
Be careful! Corn!!! 
I love this picture Sir. Do you mind if I save a copy of it? 
Beautiful Photo.
Respect.
Primary Trump 2020. If u win, I'll still voteDem n general while feeling confident that sanity has been restored 2our elections.
A man out-standing in his field.

My people were from Eldon. Iowa's nice. No hills or mountains tho. Unless you count indian burial mounds...lol
Very cool shot. Though it does remind me a bit of...
Really where’s Kevin Costner when you need him?
@benito_goya
that reminds me of that scene from the Justice League trailer where Lois saw Clark in the field. :)
you actually posed for this?  seems like something a teenage girl would do, no?
tall as corn lol
In the context of Russian collusion, guess who is from Iowa?  Hello Sam Clovis.  Hmmm
As we drove across the US several times I was always surprised at how beautiful Iowa was, I expected less.
Iowa loves you man.  Come back often.
Stay there
Greetings from Germany
there is nothing like the sights the smells and the people... enjoy... thank you...
Looks a lot like Hadley, Mi.
Comey of the Corn

Well, you are outstanding in your field.
u remind me of Hillary hiding ahh I mean walking in the woods. Tell me why u think HRC wld win when same party 3rd terms so rare?
It's like a scene from field of dreams...
Better for you to be back in Iowa than back in the FBI... 
Just sayin', Jim.
I understand this completely and how the return to "The Ground of Your Being" is restorative and yet joyful.
#KennekaJenkins needs your help Mr. Comey! Rosemont PD is CORRUPT + cover-up her death! Files prove this wasn’t an accident! Please help!
It's nice 2 b anywhere u consider home. 
Dang your tall!
looks like you might be going to jail soon... good place for you, bet the scenery there is quite peaceful as well ... SMH :/
That's a gorgeous photo!
Be alert and always keep praying 
God bless you!
...or Children of the Corn???
Field of Dreams?
What are you looking at? End times?
You are awesome!
Out standing in your field?
My beautiful German shorthaired pointer was shipped from Iowa to Rhode Island he came From Arlo Farm  many years ago  lived 15 years!
He is about to p!ss in someone's Corn Flakes!
#Photoshop_Expert
Stay there you crook! #dirtycop
Reinhold Niebuhr=Jim Comey=ethically bankrupt/karma compromiser!! Being near, snake in the grass compromises ones own KARMA! #mostcorruptDOJ
I'm standing in a cornfield full of "ears".  Everything and I mean everything has been recorded.
Will Bob Mueller have the NADS and ETHICS to go after YOU, LYNCH, HOLDER, JARRETT, RHODES, OBAMA, RICE, POWERS, and HRC & Co.? #willBMsaveUS
That's where the tall corn grows
I love Iowa went to school in  Iowa city
You are a great guy
This is awesome.
They sure know howdah grow'der corn up in Iowa,-aint never seen corn so tall,-ears reachin' uptah the sky for miles touchin' God's'self.
Who likes Iowa. Literally no one
I see you are out standing in your field! Best of luck, if anybody says anything mean? You don't have to go home with any of us! Whupwoo!
if you are truly Comey and are indicating  a plan to run for president...all I can do is shake my head in disgust.
I believe u and I like u the best
Just leaving this here
#InspirationalComey 

(volume up) 
mark zuck appears to have hacked your twitter
Any day is a good day in Iowa
"He Who Walks Behind the Rows"
I've found you a friend Tess
@Number10gov
#RunningThroughCornfields
Iowa you nothing
"Outstanding In His Field."
gorgeous sunshot
Jesus christ i hate the way the media swings a hundred different ways on this guy.


You violated your oath and have little regard for the Rules of Professional Responsibility.  

The narcissistic self-delusion is grotesque.
...Running for the tall grass.
Enjoy your freedom now bc prison is going to suck!
Makes you think of that last page of On The Road.
#childOfTheCorn
Iowa is a great place, the  of what still is a great country, even with those who try to tear us down. We will persist & persevere
Here is my beautiful Iowa sunset last night
"It's a new dawn
It's a new day
It's a new life
It's a new life
For me.....
And I'm feeling good"  

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Edwsf-8F3sI …
COMEY?
It somehow makes me happy you could visit. A great weekend for a celebration.
#UraniumOne
Is James facing east?  Or west?  Does it matter?
Stay there!
Who's the photographer?
 The corn is as high as the old FBI...
.Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.
build it and they will come.
Who took the pic?
If only you were back in Iowa before you destroyed Hillary's campaign with your ineptness.
Should be in prison.
Iowa doesn't want you. Stay away, anything you touch turns to corruption.
The corn whispers, "If you'd have entered a recommendation to indict, she would have been tried in court"
Is the corn whispering that Hillary should have been prosecuted?
Felt the same when I went back home to Minnesota - no place like home
No place like Minnesota either
No there isn't - I miss it when I'm not there (but I appreciate it not being 35 or more below zero in the winter here heh)
Northern Michigan is good, too.
Why in Iowa?
You sir make corn look short. Bravo. Bra-fucking-OH!

Iowa River
He who walks behind the rows !!!
Hopefully the next hole corrupt group incl u will be in prison so enjoy Iowa
Are you peeing? What are you doing out in the middle of a cornfield Jim.
Da real deal forget the clown in the people’s house.
Phenomenal photo
Should stay in that field a little longer, and those chemtrails fall on your head
Love sunset in Iowa. #IA365
Gorgeous! 
Children of the corn!!!
GO THE DISTANCE
At peace in his treason...nice! There will not be peace for this pos until Clinton is in prison with all the pedophile bastards!
Might lighten the foreground, so we can see you.  Just a thought.
Is it Mrs Comey behind the lens? Great pictures. Thanks for sharing.
Your presence in our lives makes it a little easier to bear the chaos.
For real? What part of Iowa?
the part with all the corn!?!? (LOL).

This is like Hillary in the woods. All good though. 
Back to the basics in a beautiful place.  Good for the soul.  Hoping yours finds comfort.
You are awesome! <3 from Illinois!
Great photos!
Howdy Doody time
Peace is the beauty of life.
That’s some mighty tall corn!
field of dreams Comey. shoulda come clean moment in the sky
the walking dead
field of dreams......wasted on yellow cake mix
Reopening the case of Theresa May running through fields of wheat on substantial new evidence coming to light! #fieldsofwheat
I’m from Iowa and miss it terrible
If you build it, they will come #Iowa
Umm this pose for us Iowans, "inspecting the corn" usually means you can't find a close restroom
Corrupt HSBC Global Bank Exec Arrested, Links to Hillary, James Comey and Loretta Lynch
that you Iowa as much I do. 
@justbuzzD10
Accept the things you cannot change...Change the things you can and HAVE the wisdom to know the difference...Think on that one and own it!
You should be in jail!
Lordy, I hope there are cornfields
It started in Iowa??? Election primaries??? Is this the being of the collusion?
Where in Iowa @FormerBu ?
Awesome!
Unsure if he's a Comey imposter, but this powerful pic depicts an exiled G-man watching a nuclear blast from afar, the beginning of the end
