
Now I am going to cry....
I've never seen it in full, although as an alcoholic I've seen the abridged version plenty. Not a Christian but that's a damn fine prayer.
You will be in my thoughts.  I hope that you are recovering.
Thank you. It's been a few years but that doesn't mean too much.
One day at a time.   I admire you for this.
The Pelican Brief was produced & directed by Alan Pakula he also directed All The Presidents Men which is ironic.
Oh another great link.   

God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,
Courage to change the things I can,
And wisdom to know the difference.
Yes, every American must ask this, stay engaged, and vote for principled leaders at every level.  To do so, must cross aisle & work together
I agree. 
Agreed
You can't split the difference between fascism and civilization
#putinbot

America sorrows for Russian People who live in fear of Putin.
Горе Америки для русского народа, живущего в страхе Путина.

Block

Hi, Mr. Know-it-all, (or thiggy0311), you really don't know a thing.  Take yourself off to bed and don't bother to get up.@LanciaHopkins2 #dumb and dumber
I think it does not mean what you think it means.
get use to it. you throw your future away due to a lack of loyalty to your country. now you are a man alone. fellow cohorts will stay far far from you. .
Make sure you get a made rite and a pork tenderloin sandwich!
Don't protect Hillary. She's blames you for her problems. Cut her and Lynch loose, tell the truth, and get full redemption.
Yes, Comey can redeem himself if he stops protecting her. James Comey, you ignored key evidence against Hillary, which included our work finding Paul Combetta aka #stonetear. You know that was a smoking gun. Do the right thing now. Stop protecting Hillary.
well Katica, you should stop protecting Trump.  He always was and still is corrupt
My son told me a cute joke.
"Dad, do you see that V? Do you notice that one side is longer than the other side? Do you know why that happens?

There are more birds on that side." ;)
Grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the COURAGE to change the things I can, and the WISDOM to know the difference. 
Caveat???? YES #NeverTrump #CaptainChaosSucks
Alchemy
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
"Wisdom to know the difference"
We saw them in Palm Springs , CA too. What a sight!
The Sand hill Cranes -----
you are living the life Mr Comey. good for you.

NOW HELP US PLEASE!!
He got us INTO this mess. Clinton had a clear win going and Comey's bogus letter threw it to Trump.
you are delusional she did not have a clear win going
I'm reading your tweet thinking how you will look good in an orange jumpsuit.
The Serenity Prayer is the common name for a prayer authored by the American theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. It has been long by Alcoholics Anonymous and other twelve-step programs. Your lies and corruption belie your faith. Where you end up, you will have time to read the Bible.
LOVE FOR ALL, THANK MR,
is this a veiled nod to some political future? (very pro, if so)
During his Impeachment, I intend to call Trump the first American oligarch.@LanciaHopkins2
Trump's hijacked party now "Nationalist Paty." Unlikely to create in time a replacement party. Voters must join! & elect principled leaders.
"I am no longer accepting the things I cannot change. I am changing the things I cannot accept." ~~Unknown.
Angela Davis, I believe. I may be wrong of course.
Is this a parody account?
Who Knew..I felt the need to confirm. Mr Comey we’re ready for the piece of the puzzle.
Truly, you could get away with posting a link broken screenshot, and we'd flock to it as the birds.
And try to find the hidden meaning.....
 There should be a 12-step program for life after Trump.

Also, he could use an intervention.
After Trump? Pppfft, I need some sort of therapy to cope w/life DURING Trump. 

Thanks. Concur with headline. Will read. 
The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump also had a lot of great material on it and perspective.
Look more like Canada Geese to me? Love the Pelican Brief analogy though!
Nope, white pelicans for sure. Geese fly with their necks stretched out. And I dont know why that info is rattling around in my head.
You're right! Who knew? White pelicans! Would love to see. Have seen white trumpeter swans,snow geese, white egrets, but no pelicans in Iowa
As a former athlete that once military pressed 345 pounds in seated military I think about how I would like to press James Comey for the TRUTH!
sure those are Pelicans?  In Iowa?  And, not Snow Geese?
They're coming my way 
yes, Iowa, powerful serenity
They have a secure sense of direction, and watching them sometimes helps us to remember ours .. it's a form of meditation
How do we get that orange haired white lying bigot to migrate out of Washington?
And Mary Oliver: "Wild Geese."
Serenity Prayer--important to my 32 years of one day at a time living. #grateful #butforthegraceofGod
Wow.
Pelicans symbolize letting go of the past. Going forth embracing teamwork & self sacrif for the greater good. Eleven=leadership. Lead us. 
. in #orangecounty CA Latino Americans are wondering about your @FBI National Academy racist sociopath alumnus #StanKnee @gardengrovepd and #BradGates @ocsd #AMDG
You weren’t thinking about Weiner’s suicidal underage victim. Ever! You chose to save Hillary instead! Shameful!
Amen.
Keep watching… You won't be serene for long… Traitor
@JoanieGentian Miss Iowa fall weather with my wife and friends. Watching wildlife fly South near the Des Moines River west of Boone.
No kidding!!!!!!!! God grant us serenity and trust but also help us change!
Snow geese on a sunny day are awe inspiring.
Snow geese.  Not pelicans
If you liked Niebuhr's prayer I believe you will love St Francis d' Assisi's prayer! I am a big fan of Niebuhr!
What about the Lord's prayer? People follow man too much and that's why Satan is reigning in w.h. and all nations! We turned are back on him
So far I have not seen the Canada Geese going South but we have had unually warm weather due to Climate Change! Glad your here! deb
They come all the way to Florida!! They're in the lake behind my house and downtown with our swans in Lakeland!!
they are among the most beautiful of the birds. Like archangels.
Pelicans in Iowa??? I thought they were ocean birds?? R u sure they were pelicans???
I quoted this prayer today to someone distraught. We are all distraught, @Comey's context is a higher perspective, calm overview of serenity
GOD, grant me the serenity
to accept the things
I cannot change, 

Courage to change the
things I can, and the
wisdom to know the difference
Beautiful!  If u have more peaceful pictures to share i know I’d love to see them.
Pelicans in flight, a calm overview, calling for integrity in politics @Comey illustrates serenity in motion like Oriental calligraphy
Watching migrating 'illegal' white pelicans in Iowa thinking about Trump's wall and weather it can reach that high to stop them.
Comey U are a genius, the only way 2 change was 2 create confusion on hillary 4 Donald to win!, and get a SP to arrest her!- serenity prayer
You had COURAGE TO CHANGE THINGS YOU CAN!!
God grant me the Serenity...
On their way to Ocala Fl ! :)
Can you find out if there is a possibility that this administration deport this migrating White Pelicans ?
...A few days later, there were two, seen here, flying in the air. Enjoy! Thank you for your Service, Sir. Debbie
Here's a beautiful White Pelican that landed on the water. I uploaded it on my computer & took a photo of that with my phone to post it.
.
I want to change America’s politics.

If you agree with the 12 Principles of FAIRism then RT, RT

Help promote the #FAIRismManifesto now
.
Nice concise breakdown. Maybe a little more focus on voting procedures 
Lovely ~
Nice pic. Thanks for sharing. Do you know why when flying one row of birds in a V is longer than the other?

They look like Canada geese. I didn't know pelicans flew in that V formation, too.
"If liberty has any meaning, it means freedom to improve."  -Philip Wylie

Thank you for pushing America to improve itself. -The World.
The second half is my favorite.  Great tweet.
WHEN we pray 
Serve 
Hear Well done
Good and faithful 
Servant 
We can rest in GOD
God bless
Proud of FBI heroes 
Love this..My sister just hung it up on her wall. In her first ever home she purchased. 30 years clean last week..
We have those in Shreveport, LA, too. We live near the Red River.
You sound so full of yourself when you are waxing philosophically.  #trump #news #deepstate #corruption
Thank you sir for writing the serenity prayer. It has kept me from doing unspeakable things in this era of fucked up politics.
Yep, it certainly fits you. You have been in bed with nasty people and you now have bedbugs.  You unfortunately disgraced yourself
We get the white pelicans in our area every June...it's literally their "horny" season!
Know why one side of the pelican "V" formation is longer than the other? Because it has more birds in it. Dad joke!
Sad, still another enemy of the State.
He is a hero to me, too.  I’m reading his collected works. Early days as minister show growth of great mind & soul.
Uranium 1
Things aren't always as they appear to be & everyone deserves a chance. I would think it would be a heavy lift to procecute Hillary & live!
Unfortunately @FormerBu was afraid for his life & that’s why he didn’t prosecute HRC. HE KNOWS we all know that’s why he chose not to do the right thing. So disappointed 
Bad reference. President not getting outed here. All roads from Manafort lead to Podesta, Hillary, and you.
Change is coming...thank you
Didn’t know pelicans migrated until I saw them overhead in Kansas. Thought I was hallucinating!
Kind of look like returning chickens to me.
Returning chickens?
Coming home to roost. 
They spent the summer in Galveston, Texas, following the ferry boats
As a recovering, that’s quite welcoming 
There is no measuring just how much you SUCK
I think about it at least once a day
“That would be like feeding seagulls at the beach “ 
Can you see this from a cell
I hope it's on his knees
What is it with liberal Democrats and their fixation on projection?
reminds you of your albatross?
The formation looks like a "V" for Victory, if those last three lollygaggers on the right would just pick up the pace. 

The Serenity Prayer got me through a very difficult personal time this year.

A fine thought.  Just for this day Lord.
Care to share that serenity prayer with the rest of America.  Does it go: God grant Mueller the ability to save our Country from Treason?
Forgiveness is the final form of America's love to you, hoping you bring justice to an extraordinary @hillaryclinton cover-up #IndictmentNo1
Wait...they have PELICANS in IOWA? I thought that was a Florida thing....
They’re smart to be leaving Iowa cause it’s gonna get ass cold
Reinhold, where did Serenity Prayer go?  You realize you won't find it again in this lifetime, don't you?
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/10/comey-fbi-used-clinton-funded-phony-trump-dossier-obtain-fisa-warrant-monitor-trump-campaign-official/ …
I know a much better author.  a breed that, laying claim to purity, has not yet been cleansed of its filth;
Thank you for shining a light on Niebuhr. Knew he composed the Serenity Prayer, but now am interested in reading some other works. 
Are you a friend of bill?
#Comey can pray all he wants, but it won't unchanged the calamity that he brought upon the nation and millions of Americans from his own ego
I pray that the Truth is exposed however ugly it is.  Rule of Law, not Color of Law should be followed...you know what I mean Mr. Niebuhr.
We all have own mission.I think we all are members of a big http://orchestra.Life  is full of beautiful sounds which we play.God bless you.
The Rule of Law
James Comey, what is it you don’t want to change? The fact that you were in the tank for Hillary?
How much money does it take to make a man of honor crumble?

Make peace with yourself and God..tell the truth
You may want to follow @Wikileaks for breaking news...
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,
Courage to change the things I can,
And the wisdom to know the difference.
One of my favorites...White Pelicans on the Mississippi gliding low and in formation. Beautiful. Tundra Swans coming soon!
Mueller / Comey knew of Russian activity w/ Uranium & Clinton, Comey gets Mueller appointed to investigate TRUMP & Russians. No honor left.
This is FREAKIN' cool.
Thank you
Taught Serenity Prayer in my Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).1st  time I knew Niebuhr wrote prayer.  Last section better than 1st.
I was out there last weekend and was watching them on the old miss..very relaxing 
Had no idea one could see pelicans in Iowa!
Iowa is a great place to reconnect with nature, real people and yourself. Come back anytime James. This is the heart of America.
There is a centrist, 3rd party taking flight w pelican as mascot.  Interest in #AmericanSolidarityParty @AmSolidarity ?
birdies!
#Photoshop_Expert
Reinhold Niebuhr=Jim Comey=ethically bankrupt/karma compromiser!! Being near, snake in the grass compromises ones own KARMA! #mostcorruptDOJ
Thank you for Re-Minders of Serenity, Niebuhr, Movement, symbolism of Pelicans, and your Intelligence. Be well.
Why they gotta be white?
The simple things in life
Is this heaven?
It’s Iowa.
“God, grant me the health to be able to stand in Iowa & look up to the sky to catch a random group of white migrating pelicans in flight”
James, I really think u believe ur the 1 moral man left & the rest are immoral. Think. Ur tweeting hoping we believe what you believe. Sad.
It is very disappointing to watch you lie to Congress about when you prepared your letter stating you would not prosecute Hillary! Shameful!
I'm amazed at the skill of the photographer. Which phone camera? Note 8?
Comey our homey 
#LORDY +50k followers in less than 12hrs...YASSS!

We can't wait for more #Comeyland
I believe those are seagulls. But I could be wrong lol
Better hope there are no "tapes" of those pelicans
Sometimes. One hour at a time.
Wish Trump would read Niebuhr's "Nature and Destiny of Man" and be guided by the Law of Love. We cannot give up on humanity!
“Courage to change the things I can.”  You give courage to the little guy.  Speak your truth.

Hallelujah, we the silent minority’s really really really miss you and thank you for a job well done
Serenity NOW... Follow his lead and take a moment to try and bring peace into our hectic lives, just 4 a minute
Am I the only one who thinks "The Pelican Brief?" President ordering the FBI to back off & Shaw & Grantham determined to uncover the truth..
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
What’s your serenity prayer?
Not a bad forced semi retirement
LISTEN TO REINHOLD NEIBUHR'S DAUGHTER TALK ABOUT HER FATHER'S FAMOUS PRAYER THAT EVEN HALLMARK CASHED IN ON.
Courage to change the things, which should be changed
“Knowing the difference”. That’s tricky these days.  Glad you’re ok.

"Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible; but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary." Godspeed Mr. Comey.
Serenity, Courage, Wisdom...all sorely needed now
not the time to be "serene." It is time for us to be pissed off at #FBI conspiracy to commit fraud Dec. 14, 2012 in @TownOfNewtownCT .
New prayer: Grant me the courage to change the things I cannot accept.
I suppose you've read his brother's book? I haven't read it in 40yrs, think i'll reread soon. I'd love to see ur thesis 
Serenity Prayer - God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot http://po.st/5ZiR38  via @po_st. HERE IS THE PRAYER.
