What about an Oxford comma dude? That title...
Check the actual cover. I’m all about Oxford commas.
Amen brother.
A HIGHER LOYALTY, was to the money you received for letting Hillary get away with the felonies associated with her server and emails.
Lordy, I hope you will learn to tell the truth!
We the people needed loyalty but we got a dirty cop!
Lordy I hope there are notes.
Lordy I hope Santa brings me this book!
Not until May?!
Nooooooooo!!!!
There are! #GeeksResist #MTFBWY
Princess this is impressive!
Thanks! I did that for #ComeyDay !
LOVE IT
I feel mildly nauseous!
What a fraud.. you have NO HONOR, INTEGRITY. YOU'RE nothing but a LIAR, CHEAT, FRAUD and DIRTY COP !!

Did you make this sampler? If so, I am impressed
I did! Thank you!
Gurrrrl......you need to SELL THESE!!  How long did it take you from start to finish?
I have very little frame of reference, because at some point I ran out of the blue and took forever to buy more...
You have NO Loyalty,You Broke all belief when you let Hillary Clinton Off from her many many Crimes! Shame on You!

WITH YOU THERE IS NO LOYALTY TO GOD OR COUNTRY, HECK, NOT EVEN YOURSELF!
Now about this look, I've seen it too much lately, I'll send fix in another tweet.
#JamesComey Fired by Trump, Blamed by Hillary, Congress caught u in lie! UR career summed up! U R laughing stock of the FBI! Please go away.
#TheUglyTruth but still give honour to  life of service and respect
Lordy. Tall, funny, and loyal to the United States of America. My kinda hero. Thank You Sir! 
Well if you consider Clinton and DNC the “ United States of America” then yeah?
Oh I forgot. That investigation is still open isn't It? Oh wait no, it's actually not. But the FBI as I understand it, is in fact, investigating the president of the United States? Correct me if I am wrong, Mr. Comey.
1 It is under congressional investigation. And your boy Comey drafted a memo that stated HC was grossly negligent (should be charged) but
Dont assume what Comey did or didnt do on Comey's thread. Do it in your head. Bye bye!
Everytime I see your face it makes me smile cause I know somebody knew what was going on and had the courage to do the right thing!
No truer words.
You always are the one to take the high road.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
That will be a good read.
I'll be buying it 
So tell me, how does an FBI agent exonerate someone under investigation, before investigation is finished??  How does that work?
Do your own research. You're on the wrong thread
STFU! was I talking to u?...NO!  oh & btw...TRUMP IS HERE TO STAY SNOFLAKE!...LOL...get use to it..he gonna b reelected in 2020.....#MAGA
U been brainwashed out n liberal California..danica. fyi.these shootings that have recently happened r false flags 2bring about gun control
Your girl Hillary Clinton is a criminal. One of the worst criminals n history. Why do u think Donna Brazil is saying what she is saying now?
Comey got a bad rap! Let justice prevail.
Hell yes.  Can't wait to read this.  The moron in Chief is going to be seething again too.  Bravo
This will be a great read and this time around Donnie can not touch Comey! Watch Trump sweat 
Cannot wait to read it! I am also hoping there will be an audiobook version, narrated by you. Lastly, please consider running for President!
It’s reassuring that we still have people like Mr. Comey and Mr.Mueller who are true Americans and will continue to defend American Values.
Hero of democracy!!
Comey helped sell our government. I bet he is mad at Trump right now! This book of his should tell some spectacular lies!
Kellyanne reads to Biff every night. Send it to @KellyannePolls
That’s the present for Donald sorted ...
Maybe Trump can enjoy your book if there are pictures!
 ‘Lordy I hope there are tapes’  You Sir, are a breath of fresh air. TY
"Lordy", what a dufus !
We have to wait till may?!?! Ugh
Don’t say God told Comey to drop Hillary in it! I still think he had to have had a good backhander to do what he did, and Trump’s got cash!
How does it feel to be a traitor?
I had a crush on you before I knew you were funny. Now I think I love you.
Crushin hard 
weird.. I thought it was just me 
YAAAAAS!!!
Book tour? To Indianapolis or Cincinnati please?
Can’t wait till this is published and sold!!
Best line EVER!!  The title of your book compels me to be sure to read it!!

Get over yourself have you not done enough damage to this country and its people you should be ashamed to show your face.. I am sorry but your a horrible person in my eyes.
Lordy, that’s a good picture.
Get a better cover lol
You RAWK, Sir!!!
Forward by Willie Nelson.
Can’t wait to read it. And thank you for the morning laugh.
Maybe a pop-up book for the uneducated that Trump loves so much?
#ReadABook  Nice picture on your profile 
When is it coming out?
Nice flip flop!!! You are such a liar. ...and its a fact that you are the one keeping loyalty to the Clintons as they get away with murderS. What dirty secret to they have you for a bribe. We know what their all into.
Lordy, pictures or not, I can't wait to read it! Love the title, by the way, very intriguing #ComeyBook
America yearns to see a final Trump perp walk.
If not Trump & Cabinet-at least Don Jr,  Ivanka,  Jared or Sessions, Pence ..anyone?
I’ll set my DVR, so I can replay as I sit in my chair with uncontrollable knee slapping laughter
Get em JC! 
My heart just soared. And like many folks, "Lordy" is my go-to exclamation. You've saved so many of us from the brink. Eternal gratitude sir
But didn't he put us on the brink in the first place?
I hope you have audio
Wish that loyalty had not led him 2 conclude it was okay 2 weigh in on HRC investigation twice but stay silent on both Trump & Manafort.
I’m buying this book!   
Love it lol
A must read! Congrats.
You need to tweak your botox level a few injections, bro.
May, eh? I know what I need for my birthday(preferably following an impeachment).


Lordy, I wish there were tapes to take the IT in the White House down!
LOL! Americans who follow this IDIOT...deserve everything they GET! Fools follow fools...Americans have been suckers! PROSECUTE! @POTUS
Also an audio download companion? Perhaps souvenir memoranda as well? #wishlist
@Twitter please verify authenticity of this Twitter account. Is this actually Former FBI director, James Comey's account?
What a sweet title!!!  I can't wait to read it!
It's the only way you'll get Trump to read it.

Lordy, me too!!!
I typically don’t read books by political figures.... But I will be reading this!!
Me too!!

Hope you send copy to the #TraitorInChief.
I love that one !!!!!!
Yes, so that trump and his leg humpers can read it, too!

Hillary punched you with her pussy didn't she?
Can’t wait!!
I love it when he says Lordy lol 
Now this is one book I will be waiting in line for! I want a signed copy. Love you, mean it.
Lordy this might be stupid (Visibly controling laughter) but I'm gonna have to call you "ALL IN". We want Trump at our poker game too! 
Great title for the book
I want a signed copy.
I want a copy that will self destruct in 5... 4...
That’s funny 
Trick-or-treating with granddaughters, still wearing my blue suit, I said I was James Comey. Mostly blank stares. I enjoyed it.
Well, if there aren’t pictures Mr Drumpf wouldn’t be able to read your book. Welcome back, sir.
Theres no loyalty from Comey  NOW, nor ever was.He is a self confessed accessory to Hillary's Obstruction of Justice."What with a cloth".lol
I can't wait until you and Mueller are investigated and all the corruption comes out, should never be allowed near the FBI.
Hey! I still hope there are pictures. In Russia.
Give me a higher loyalty, woah
Woah doggy that’s gonna be good. 
I rarely buy anything but ebooks and never buy anything political but I'd be willing to make an exception. Esp if I could get it signed.
Thank you so much for the chuckle. I really needed it this morning :)
Oooooh lawdy
GOOD MORNING TO MY FAVORITE CANDIDATE...IF I KNEW THEN WHAT I KNOW NOW...THE WORLD WOULD BE A BETTER PLACE BY NOW.
You are the Lord's chosen law enforcer!
I wonder who Comey's Higher Loyalty is too?  Most likely the almighty dollar!  Worst Kind of American.


Lordy I hope you go to prison along with the Clintons and every one of their criminal cronies..
The ghastlyTrump meanies
Better: GaslightyTrump meanies
Never mind pictures, we want to connect the dots!
Daddy
Too funny! You made me laugh, thank you. 
LORDY!
oh the irony to whom he answers I’m thinking SOROS!!
LOL
Thank you for your service Mr. Comey!  Can’t wait to read your book.
Yay! A profile pic! 
I hope you detail how Atty Gen Lynch tied your hands during HRC investigation & perjuring yourself reg when you wrote HRC conclusion letter
Omigosh he's trolling now...
I am reading this one! Can’t wait.
@PatriciaSoll1
I can’t wait to read this book to my 9 and 7 year old boys. Not joking. 
Lordy I’m glad for the pillars of virtue amid the greedy cowards.
GET BUSY SENATE AND CONGRESS AND GET A BILL TOE #ENDAUMF! SUPPORT OUR MILITARY, PROTECT OUR COUNTRY FROM THE ENDLESS WAR #LIARS #GETITDONE!
Should be when you get locked up~

JAMES COMEY U COVERED UP HILLARY CLINTON CORRUPTION , U R A CORRUPT FBI , U HAVE SHAMED YOUR FBI AGENTS WE DON'T TRUST U ALL ANY MORE, U SHAMED YOUR FAMILY U WILL ALWAYS BE KNOWN AS A TRAITOR.
Coming out in a big way
Why? I hope because your vision is 2020.
#HINTHINT
"Lordy I hope this is an Audio Book!"
I'll read the book. But I'm still angry with you.
Lordy, yes
So @FormerBu What’d you think of this video giving US a glimpse in to possible future of some #Kremlin #cohorts 
How about calling it big cover-up on the Tarmac 
or How I let a criminal go scott free
will the cover feature curtains?
It is blue
Like this shade would look good in the white house right?
very regal
"Regal" is somewhat of a poor choice of words, given the current debacle with our seemingly naked emperor.
touche
but yeah, it's a good look. Needs a starched white shirt and a tie to go with it ;)
I can hardly wait.
Lordy, I hope Trump and his crime family are going to prison! Thank you for your years of service, sir, and I am looking forward to book!
Ditto!!
Looking forward to reading your book! Come to Key West (winter is fabulous here) on your book tour!
Pictures! Is that so trump can read it? You might need coloring pencils so he stays focused.
Please never call yourself a coward again. You are a wonderful light being of pure integrity. Not a preening peacock of self-importance!
You are amazing . Please run for office!
Here’s a pic
Ahh that must have been after they got shoes.
Here r "pictures"of u LYING to Congress 
Ratcliffe KNEW disgraced Comey was LYING bc ANGRY FBI agents dropped a dime
Lordy. The State Department was:
(1) Coordinating with the Clinton political campaign.
(2) Colluding with the press to spin it positively.


Loyalty to who ? Bec it’s wasn’t the law !
Cannot. Wait.

So it's a Picture Book . Lordy, cannot wait 4 this one.
Comey the liar/leaker, writes a book about his view of the truth. 
Me too. !! 
I hope this book is up there with General Smedley Butler's "War is a Racket."
I am so excited to read this. #ComeyIsMyHomey
I will read this sitting in a big leather chair, by a well lit fireplace, sipping a #MoscowMueller
Now that’s it right there!
Can’t wait!
Lordy, I love you!!
Pre order placed :)
#comeyismyhomey

For all the good you’ve done since, I can’t get past you hurting Hillary, even though you agonized about if it were the right thing to do.
How did he hurt Hillary? She broke the law, and he helped her out, if anything!
May??? So want to read it now :-)
This is an excellent tweet. 
@FormerBu  I cannot wait to read your book!!! You are an inspiration!!! I hope there will be a book signing tour!
I just want an explanation of your behavior during the 2016 election regarding Hillary.
He was doing his job. Non partisan style. It would have been worse had he not disclosed. It was a no win either way.
Nothing to disclose.  There was nothing there and it hurt Hillary badly.  Poor judgment with very bad consequences.
There was, and still is, enough to charge Hillary.
Here’s one that’s sure to be included
Lordy, I wish you hadn't unethically and disgracefully blown apart the presidential election last year.
Are you still with her?
Tapes, Jim. Skip the pics. We want recordings.
"Lordy I hope there are pictures"

Subtle jab at the Orange Monstrosity
cc @darth
I can not wait for this book AND I’m an Aussie in Australia
TGIF Sir, after the these endless weeks of hell, a thank you  for your peaceful pictures.
Seriously one of my favorite lines ever! I listen to your testimony (at least) weekly in the hopes that I'll develop strength and character by auditory osmosis.
I hope it exposes all you know!
"LORDY!" would have been a decent title
That’s the only way Trump will read it.

You were the worst FBI director
If there arent pictures & small words/graphs @realDonaldTrump won't be, able to fol.Lordy, I hope you make loyalties.Oops I mean royalties.
My favorite word from your testimony. I thought at that point anyone who uses the word “Lordy” is pure as the driven snow!
Jim, I didn’t know you and Sally were producing movies now?  @DAGYates
Lordy I hope you run for president.
Book tour, Toronto, please.

Yes sir! 
Lordy I hope there are.
Already pre-ordered....
#Patriot
Can't wait for your book, sir. Enjoy your wicked sense of humor and your ensightful posts.
*insightful
We love you Comey! Lol
On a serious matter. What kind of pull do you have to influence John Gruden to become the next University of Tennessee head football coach?
See? Self deprecating. I love it.
