Comey is pretty hot!
A cute geek!
That doesn't really look like Comey, was he younger there?  Still pretty cute though!
Comey 2020
About right for federal prison
Your furher first !!!!!
Hopefully @realDonaldTrump watches a video of it and learns a thing or two from good leaders with values
Also he should note that Comey is taller, way more handsome, witty, & intelligent and every bit more of a man, leader than Trump will ever be.

Looks like you comey will have a lot of visitors coming to see you in prison when you get there because some people are completely blinded by the misleading talk, dark & handsome & cant see what lurks underneath that
Never!!
you having a conversation about ethics is hilarious
Trump having a conversation about morals.  That's hilarious !!!
Can you release a list of the names of those who attended, so we're sure NEVER to hire them or vote them into office?
@ENPancotti how were you not part of this?!?!
lol I think this was for a specific class, not like a campus wide event
@Comey, I need you to go back and talk to this kid. Mainly bc she's there and I'm not.
You? Ethical?
You're in the back because you're taller than My. Everest  !!!  LOL  HAVE A HAPPY DAY Director Comey !!!
Ethical leadership? 
Yeah, you know, that shit Trump couldn't find if his life depended on it. You know.  Oh well, maybe not.
This has got to be a parody. Ethical?
Ohhhlala
People actually want to hear you talk about that.  Oh sorry I guess they come to witness what unethical leadership actually looks like head on
Thank you @Comey for your service.  Don't worry about the #maga crap, its hard for trumpets to say they #MadeAmericaGagAgain.
Oh my god ... this man is sick . How can any of you listen anything he says . #ComeyForPrison
Kind of like taking cooking class from Jeffrey Dahmer
Are you going to plead the 5th?
So let me get this right...Just how many times does Jim Comey - an attorney and ethics professor - lie to a Federal Judge in order to get FISA warrants? 3, 4, 5, 6X?
Too bad you don't know anything ethical to discuss with them.
You did a talk on ethical leadership? Must have been a short one.
It's a shame they couldn't have a conversation with an ethical leader.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
trying to blend in again?  I think it works a little better than the blue drapes :)
Helllurrrr
LEAKER!!! UNETHICAL!!!
LOL
Did you learn anything?
Hope you didn't give them any tips, criminal.
Shoutout @PublicDiplomacy
Last thing you should be talking about.
Hiding behind the curtain
Gosh, hard to see!!
Is this a meme?
future Commies
You really have the nerve to talk about ethics? Wow.
Grateful to see several PoC among future gov't leaders. I'd like to see more.
ethical leadership hmm... Two things you know nothing about
You mean the creepy guy hiding in the shadows?  Haaha
Look who's teaching the snowflakes.
I like the diversity in the group, proud of AU
Glad to see you are keeping busy in spite of firing. Keep on trucking! :)
Really? You are going to corrupt these people
1 Corinthians 13:1 1If I speak in the tongues of men or of angels, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. You sir are now a clanging cymbal.
This is what our future leaders look like! Educated, thoughtful, diverse. We will come through this on the other side and truth and justice will prevail.
@jimmy_dore @HollySeeliger @TYTNetwork @theProgSoapbox This from the man who to defend corporate America helped to brutally crush the #Occupy Movement, #BlackLivesMatter  and #StandingRock #NODAPL protesters
@jimmy_dore @HollySeeliger This from the man who to defend corporate America helped to brutally crush the #Occupy Movement, #BlackLivesMatter  and #StandingRock #NODAPL protesters
ethics and American universities are oxymorons
Of course you’re in the back, you’re a giant.
Was your 'talk' on how to prosper in a corrupt government? You have expertise in that area! We see your corruption!!!
The HANDSOME one in the back, that is!
What would James Comey know about ethical leadership?  Nuthin'.
And you were there talking about "Ethical Leadership" allowing the DOJ loretta lynch's meeting with Bill Clinton on the tarmac was "ethical" please, allowing Hillary Clinton off the hook after 33,000 emails, phones, laptops were all destroyed, that is not justus. unbelievable
Nothing ethical about that group !!!! It looks photo shopped
R U kidding!
If they come to govern with ethics, we will be fine. Thank you for your service and your honesty however it fell
Was this by chance podcasted or placed on some media that is accessible?
Ethics?  YOU???  Bwahahahaha!!!!!!

Trumps the greatest threat to our democracy. He divides through his racism and tries to undermine the investigation.A guilty move on his part. You are vindicated by his actions. The people who are intelligent rational persons know that his tweets are untrue and show us hes a liar
Except that it was under Obama that we had some of the worst race riots in American history w/ an increase of racial disparities in several facets.
I hope your doing well. Mr. Trumps comments were rude underhanded to play to his base and discrediting you and the FBI . Comes from fear of the investigation. Thats collusion his remarks are meant to rattle the fbis investigation. You did the right thing. Hes the divider here
Are you the tall one...or standing on a box? 
at least you did not have to try and blend in with the blue curtains. And now -just to drive you crazy I will ask what I am sure is one of the first things you hear from most and you must be so tired of hearing "how TALL are you" ? So "how tall ARE you"?
When it comes to ethics you are at the back and on the bottom. Are you there as a bad example?
Lol
Never would've noticed you there!  Lol
It is kind of hard not to see you. You are taller than everyone else. lol
Call it a matter.
That’s a joke coming from you
This is America, MAGA, not trump, not ever trump
I just LOVE this photo and got such a kick out of you letting us know that all 6'8" of you were in the back !!  
Did you share with them the POWER of money?  mmm... such as the Clinton's Foundation and how much the Clinton's had been able to get away with murder? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX7bhd51B4M …
Ethics ?? You have NONE! Truth never spoken by you. Justice ? When your are in jail for lying and collusion and drying Americans of justice from a CORRUPT oliar administration.  
Cannot even believe the FBI today as they are part of the STENCH IN DC
In the back u stabbed America and the justice department. Ur a pity @realDonaldTrump

Jim - can I call you Jim? - anyway Jimbo, the idea of you having to tell anyone where you are in a picture is crazier than any news story in 2017.

Of COURSE we can spot you. We can use you as an orienteering landmark.
In the back is where you should have been during the investigation into Hillary Clinton. A competent person, with no bias; to do the job you should have done.
Why do you always point yourself out???
Did you tell them that ethical leadership includes being cowed by AG Lynch into obstructing justice? Did you tell them how to steal government property and claim it as your own? #MAGA
Man! You still can't blend with the background to save your life :-P

But you not being able to blend in with the blue curtains back then eventually helped to unearth Trump's uneasiness with the Russian interference investigation.
LMAO  "ethical"  and you were there?   LMAO
You weren’t speaking on ethics were you?  You were there to listen, yes?
Wow, the guy in the back is so tall.
Same as it ever was :-)
What would you know about ethical leadership?
Ethics from you?? May the spirit of DJ Trump be blessed w the Spirit of Jehu to destroy your wicked and empty masters Nazi Soros Rev 2:9 Traitor Uranium Fuller, perverse defender of pedophiles Hillary, and yourself as a resident Guantanamo. Christ wrath and triumph - Isaiah 13:3
Ethical leadership.....you are talking about ethical leadership? Who will your guest speakers be? Brazile Anyone? How about a little Hill n Bill on the Side? Throw in some Pocahontas for dessert please. And let’s feel the Bern too.This will be rich. Run for your lives students.
Of course you are.  You're the tallest <3
HA!YOU'RE lecturing about ethical leadership! That hilarious!
Holy cow how tall are you  hope you know the American people love and respect you
You barely stand out.
I thought You were One of The Kids until I Looked Closer.  Very Distinguished Looking. 
The devil has a sweet tongue, but death is close
Preaching ethics coming from you cracks me up....lol
how many are liberal thinkers? ALL.
You should be in the CONFESSIONAL confessing SINS.  Nice.  You make me so ANGRY!  You showed me that there are two sets of laws.  One for us and another for Hillary.  You piss me off.
Hope you took notes
Evidently your definition of ethics are very different that what I was taught about ethics.
Hahahahaha, you are definitely not the person to be speaking about ethics
Good to see you didn't feel you had to hide next to the curtains with this group. :)
And what would you know about ethical leadership after your LACK of it as Dir of FBI? #Hypocrisy
Oh whoa, didn't see ya there. 
You're always in the back I'm sure due to your height but you're always in the front in my book!
Trying ti hide again? LOL
what is trying ti ? some kind of food ?
Near the curtains? 
I’m in the back lol ..... thanks captain obvious!!! 
Ethics, are you shitting me.?
What a concept: ethical leadership!
What the hell do you know about ethics? Nothing.
You can't hide haaaa you should know that didn't work in oval office thank you
In the end WTP & @realDonaldTrump will have the last laugh! The corruption & coverup will bring down Comey! We all knew he was the worst thing to happen to @FBI especially after he stole privileged documents written only to CYA/Lie on Trump. What a JOKE this zero is!
LOL
The tall guy in back....trying to blend in.
Lordy! 
Glad you told me!
Hihi Comey, you do have a sense of humor.i squinted but could not find you, until I read your location tip.
Kinda difficult to miss James Comey in a room full of people...
Stay in the back were you belong.  You let down the American people.  You destroyed the credibility of the FBI.  You sold your soul to Hillary Clinton.  Sucks to be you.
James, u always in the back, and we always can spot u.  Thank for speaking about ethics to new generations
I see you! 
Ah, the tall one!
As a tall woman, I'm always in the back of group photos.
Oh the hypocrisy!
Guilt plea to rat trump haaaaa
Jesus your a giant!! In more ways than one.
Brainwashing our future leaders I see  #ClintonGate #ObamaGate #PedoGate #PuzzaGate #QAnon Trojans #Illuminate cults #ShadowGovernment #DeepState Thank you  God @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp 
Guilt  plea #Flynn and you are a bot this should rattle your cage
I always have to stand in the back too 
Lucky, lucky future leaders.....
Needs to be done with current leaders as well.
You look happy!
Teaching them to obfuscate justice as you do?
I love your synopsis in your Profile about being "Taller and funnier in person."  You sure are tall... Were you born over a long weekend?  Just messing with you Mr Comey.
@jimmy_dore @HollySeeliger This from the man who to defend corporate America helped to brutally crush the #Occupy Movement, #BlackLivesMatter and #StandingRock #NODAPL protesters
@jimmy_dore @HollySeeliger This from the man who to defend corporate America helped to brutally crush the #Occupy Movement, #BlackLivesMatter  and #StandingRock #NODAPL protesters
Training future terror cell recruits to overthrow the american people?
You talking about ethical leadership?! Wow I don't think you know what ethical leadership is!!!!!
 Excellent.... they are our future
Re: Trump attempt to take over CFPB: Deputy Director English should show up for work as per usual. If Mulvaney is occupying her office she should call Security and have him removed. The law is on her side. She should not allow herself to be bullied.
And you didn't burst into flames?

You are to #ethics what sand is to suntan lotion...
Did they notice the irony?
Oh - NOW I see you!!! 
Your ethical leadership at the FBI: collusion with HRC camp & Kremlin for fake dossier, creating fake memos at home on your computer, and lying under oath. SHAME SHAME SHAME!
You are making a Brainwash ..
Ha! No glasses needed! 
Keeping fighting for USA. Trump is running it into the ground.
Yes, standing tall while speaking truth to power
You have zero self awareness
Thank you for staying in this fight, Mr. Comey! We need our country back!
LOL what do you know about ethics ???
Barely recognized you without the curtains.
Lol good one. 
@comey you should stay in the back
Tony passeggiata-ing  on the AC boardwalk 
#BadaBing
Please say you invited tRump. He is lacking in the ethical part. And also the leadership part.
And just about every other part you can think of.
Went to AU back in 2004 to 2006 was part of CAS. AU was a great memory too.
Ethics? HAHAHAHAHAH #Hypocrite
Bless you James!!!
Is this a joke???? @farathomas @TheRoyalPosts  @RealJamesWoods
How would James know anything about ethics. Yes, I am sure it's a joke.
You are tall
