Rosenstein’s love letter for Comey.
Amen

You not being part of the FBI is a good start,
and you being investigated is even better 
Happy New Year Future Felon!
TrumpWorld: Where not pledging loyalty to the Great Trumpkin is a felony offense...
Well bless your little snowflake heart 
 He’s so terrible the Dow just reported its fastest 1000 point gain.
Ever.
Keep chasing those unicorns 
Ahhh, to be able to place temporary financial gain over such silly things like the rule of law...  must be nice to be a trumpkin, and not have to face reality
I love when Democrats talk about ‘rule of law’ 
In regards to claiming the President has broken any,
I’m still waiting for someone to prove that. 
I’ll be right here waiting breathlessly for you to get back to me on that.
#StillYourPresident
Enjoy gargling trump cock
Well bless your fragile little hateful heart 
Remember, love Trumps Hate 
Oh I know that you love Trump's hate...  you guys revel in it...  it drips from your every comment...  "bless your heart"... The southern way of saying "fuck you"...  so smug, while he fucks you right along with me...
I hope you rot in hell! You are not worthy of saying Trumps name!
Please don’t talk about ethical leadership!
You are a proud member of the Clinton Crime Family. You worked night and day to corrupt the FBI
Get your facts straight sugar.  HRC lost the election in part b/c Comey paraded his investigation of her in full view of the world while the trump investigation was kept under wraps until after the election.  trump should be thanking the FBI
You need to get your facts straight. The FBI told Obama in 2012 & he told HRC no one told Trump until 2016 that it was suspected & they might have embarrassing info on him, the fake Russian Dossier! Obama was Putin’s buddy remember? Obama praised him to High Heaven!
I think u have it backwards Trump is in love with Putin.
A picture is worth a thousand words
Remember in 2011 Dirtbag Obama patted the Russian Prime Minister’s knee and said if I am re-elected in 2012 I will give you what you want. How Treasonous is that? He let Kim Jung Un continue building Missile launch pads & Gave $150 Billion in cash to Iran.
I’d say not treasonous b/c otherwise the Republican majority would have voted to impeach him, no?
The Republican Party did NOTHING for 8 years. John Boehner, Leader, played golf with Obama or was in the tanning booth. McConnell did squat and he & the rest were busy counting their millions they were making off Lobbyists while BO was destroying the Country.
The president was right, you are a nut job.
Thanks Comey
Thanks for letting Hillary get away with TREASON
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU ARE SHOUTING. What´s WRONG with YOU? Ha ha ha! Jeezess. Toddler.
Disgusting that this caliber of so called Professional led the FBI!  You have discredited yourself & the system!  People now believe in a two tiered Justice that doesn’t serve the people and is showing to be corrupt! @realDonaldTrump “must” purge this blatant corruption!
Happy New Year !!
Can we assume Comey is trolling us all? This is the guy that covered up the Clinton email Server with 1000's of classified docs on it. Helped create and use fake evidence (Trump Dossier) to illegally spy on political opposition. Handed FBI docs to a friend to leak to the press.
With you.  Lets not cow to perception or the puritanical demands of whimsical media: lets “do the right” thing regardless of the personal consequences.    #Peace #Courage #USA
Boy oh Boy I can't believe you Tweeted about ethical leadership, is this your New Years resolution? Cause you have shown the world you have No values or how to tell the truth let alone about ethical leadership, your a disgrace to the FBI!! Shame on you!!
I second that emotion!
Start with yourself, come clean.
It will be a MAGA year! Your corrupt self is out,  traitor Obama is out, and greedy, moneybags Clinton is out.  It's going to be FANTASTIC!!
Lordy, I hope it does! #HappyNewYear #Resist
. . . won't be a problem now that you're not around . . .
Hallelujah!
With Obama gone, Hillary Clinton out the picture, you FIRED, AND MANY MORE TRAITORS being revealed, 2018 is going to be a STELLAR YEAR.
It definitely will, especially with you gone and others like your ilk gone as well. #DrainTheSwamp
Karma is coming for you.
Here’s hoping 2018 you are in prison. #maga
Hoping that Trump goes to jail. I know what's under that tip of the hat. 

......... snowflakes!! Facts matter not to you @Comey or anyone else protecting @HillaryClinton
Nor to @realdonaldtrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @jeffsessions  or anyone else from @gop protecting their lying hides. 
What lying hides? It’s been almost a year and the only thing they ever find is what Hillary is hiding. Keep digging and spending money to find nothing on President Trump. No one can hide that good.
4 indictments 2 guilty pleas,  national security adv. (Top dog) 
in 7months, 3 years of Benghazi & had a rebub led congress looking to put some in jail, & yet nothing! So you are saying the gop was hiding HC crimes. very unlikely, & if that is the case you should #VoteThemOut
Also the Benghazi investigation is still being looked at by FBI. Yep Trey Gowdy got caught trying to Photoshop fake documents.
You were in charge of the LAW  and you broke the LAW. Do the honest and right thing and TELL THE TRUTH. AND YOU NEED A LESSON ON VALUES
So you are looking to get in to the comedy scene? Alot of comedians looking for work..... You would make a great clown! Chucky Cheese is hiring! Just saying.....
Please define "more ethical."
Happy New Year to you! I hope this new year lands you in prison for a very long time.  You are a very evil corrupt man.
the pot calling the kettle black.
This is a brilliant tweet, but I'm thinking not in the way you meant it.
Yeah, like ethical leadership at the FBI and the DOJ that doesn't leak information to their favorite news outlets!
Or the “president” who gets his info from faux news.
Or an elite Media which reports 90% negative news on President Donald J. Trump! 
90%, seriously?
#Leftist #Media #Bias!

They were in the tank for
Barack Hussein Obama!
Who politically weaponized the IRS, intelligence services and the Administrative State!
Whatever, Jimbo.
Your gig is up
Happy New Year to you as well, sir. Thank you for all you have done and continue to do.
You had a job to do An chose not to do it !  You lied. James Clinton..
You don't know what the word ethical means You were the plug holding up corruption evilness crap I PRAY YOU KNOW HOW TO GET ON YOUR KNEES REPENT TURN FOR YOUR WICKED WAYS THE BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS
Why i$n't thi$ a tweet from our "pimpTURD comrade t_RUMP" of "the federation of ru$$ian RED $tate$ in ameriKKKa"?? HALT... Oh! Yeah? That VULGAR mon$ter can't $pell half the word$ by him$elf? Let-a-lone u$e $pell check? He'$ only into "di$troy ameriKKKa again" on "fox FAKE new$"!
Thank you. 
If you were interested in truth, you would have preferred charges against Hillary and the cabal.  You must be joking.
You have a perverted view of ethics there sir.
James Comey and unethical behavior are synonymous.
I can tell you, he has more integrity than you do.
I haven't mishandled classified information carrying out my duties or lied to the American People so you are wrong again.
I think you have Comey confused with the treasonous orange man baby, he lies every time he opens his mouth.
Wow Noise Flower, you're dressed like a Wonder Twin and talking about someone's integrity.
I'm a musician and a artist.... didn't your Mama teach you to not judge people by the way they look?
Thanks! I needed a good laugh to start the new year! How in the world did you make it to the top of the FBI? What a joke, it's a crime that the tax payers are stuck with footing your pension!
Maybe we can put you in a Federal country club for perjury!
He made it to the top of the FBI because he is a man of honor. Unlike you.
Greetings #JoblessJim! I see you're still in denial. Remember this #JamesTheLiar, WE THE PEOPLE watched as you destroyed yourself and the reputation of the FBI. Pitiful thing you did there, all for the sake of HR Clinton and personal greed. My 2018 Resolution see #ComeyInJail
As a Ret. NYPD Detective I actually believe that all LEO's should b saying & doing the right thing all the time no matter what the outcome. Comey I'm really disappointed that you don't feel the same way. You made us all look bad & I take that personally!
Very well said. Thank you. #MAGA4⃣5⃣
Keep fighting the good fight for truth, fairness, and justice. Thank you for your service. Happy and healthy new year!
What service? He wasn’t drafted and earned a very good salary
Your profile says you represent Missouri's 9th congressional district. Missouri doesn't have a 9th congressional district. Where are you really at comrade? How cold is it in Moscow?
Yours says your in Kansas City. Glad to meet a fellow Missourian! Happy New Year friend!
Still waiting to hear how you represent a non-existent CD.  And did you really say "the blacks, Orientals"?
"Lordy I hope there's tapes." #bestonelinerin2017
We all need one of these
Yes!!! I'd proudly wear it lol
I got it on Amazon 
Lordy!
Don't kid yourself, this is product of the cognitive dissonance. Is not a rational thing. It is their minds trying to justify to them, a decision. This is why is crucial that Mueller team build the best cases possible.
Lol funny how Mueller worshippers are still trying to save face.
Sure, lets see the facts: 2 indictments (waits for the obvious responses) and 2 plea bargains. Comey (the subject of this post) was actually fired because of #TrumpRussia, as Trump said on live tv. But, yes, WE are trying to save face. Thanks for proving my point..
Lol even MSM and liberal publications are abandoning this. Time to grow up now.
Hey, you can always get that exoneration letter that Trump got from Mueller recen...ohh...hold on...didn't..happen..Oh, nevermind..
So you ignore your own liberal publications telling you to drop it in some faint hopes that a corrupt bureaucrat is going to bring down an elected president? 2018 is gonna be a long year for you bud.
It will since you’ve been fired.
Hilarious watching all the liberal idiots in these replies praising Comey after blaming him for Hillary’s election loss. 
I love how Comey isn’t bothering to hide his hatred for Trump anymore. So much for how fair he was being and how he was wearing the white hat. Don’t worry; no need to hide it Comey. We now know exactly what you were up to.
Please give an example of "hatred".  Thank you.
Just read all of his November and December tweets. If you don’t think “leaders” and “leadership” and nearly all of his other sanctimonious comments are directed at President Trump then his cute coyness is working on at least some.
DT fired him and admitted to obstruction of justice. Is Comey wrong to hate this behavior? #youreanidiot
Excuse me? “Admitted to obstruction of justice?” Do you libs just lie to yourselves constantly to comfort yourselves into believing your own echo chamber nonsense? Comey was director of the FBI so yes, I blame him. If you can’t be objective, shouldn’t be investigating people.

Nice try. They had already cleared Flynn. Selective memory will get ya every time if you’re pushing a narrative rather than seeing the facts as they are.
I hear a cell in Cuba is nice this time of year, enjoy.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
It could only get better if you were to go away and never be heard from again!! And your book was to fail!! You proved your untrustworthy when you did nothing with Clinton!!
Ethical behavior?U allowed Hillary to walk, it wasn't a so called matter but intent to commit perjury, Collusion, theft, indictable offenses. She put national security @ risk & u allowed the corruption to continue. So Sir, never say Trump did wrong by firing you.U had it coming
More ethical than when you lied to special council and public about Mrs Clinton and private server. Owned.. someone owns YOU... no ethics.
Fake
#BlueWaveComing2018 
Amen to that!
September 28, 2016 before the election.

Ratcliffe explaining that the FBI had ZERO access to ANY of the devices, of Hillary Clinton.

Bleachbit
Hammers
Missing devices.
How did the FBI get FISA warrants to unmask and spy on the Trump campaign?

We already know Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for the fake dossier.

How much money was paid to unmask?
Hillary Clinton lying directly to Mike Pompeo.

We now know that even Anthony Weiner had classified information on his laptop.

Should we call that a "Matter" also?
Yes
God bless for speaking the truth! #TheTruthAlwaysWins
Your going to prison james comey, the law is catching up with you

Ethical like leaking classified docs to the NY times?  Enjoy prison.
Where was THIS #Comey when you decided to release the #nothingToShow emails....#FusionGPS #DOJ #Kushner #Comey #ProtectMueller #PutinPuppet #nuclearbutton
Which country is this for? Please be 
Read this to connect the dots.
1. Sergei Millian is the link between the Kremlin, Fusion GPS, Clinton & Obama. He was one of a number of FSB/SVR agents tasked to make sure Hillary Clinton's Trump-Russia lie prevented Trump's election. https://twitter.com/JamesAngleton75/status/947972032381308928 …
Well, with U gone from the FBI, there's a chance that might happen. At least, as far as the FBI is concerned.
It already has, you are no longer in charge of the FBI
How many collaborators does it take for on POTUS to obstruct justice?
Ball-see Bastard Ain’t he?
Okie dokie comey
Really??? You were a catalyst in Trump winning! You should be ashamed of that
Lol is this a joke? Talk about ironic lol
Wow!! Do you really know what you’re saying... you’re one of the most corrupt and deceitful people I know. You’re a wolf in sheeps clothing.

Steve...don't let CNN, WP and NYT drive you into such a frenzy. Go have a chat with a business owner today. You'll feel much better. Chill, brother.
Steven, thank you for bringing a smile to my face. If you only knew to whom you were directing your reply...
Thank you!
Just GO AWAY!! #MAGA with @POTUS
- How about your leaked memo to the NYT? Was that ethical?
@jparise858 Thanks to Comey Hillary got away with her Crimes and Misdemeanors , then rigged the primary, lost the election to the worst guy ever and now Comey and Hillary and Maddow blame Putin . #BlackLivesMatter  #NODAPL #StillSanders
Apparently you missed 1/2/18. Trump went off the rails. It’s a good thought but not likely until he is out of office.
Happy New Year mr. Comey, 2018 will be the end of @realDonaldTrump treasonous collusion with Russia
After two years, there is still zero evidence of "Russia collusion" 
You would sell your own country to the Russians thats die sure...
Tick, Tock.
So it looks like the Republicans solution to the Russia investigation is arrest James Bond and give Blowfield a blow job.
With you out of there, we have a chance
Amen

Here’s the Tip of the Day: go to @TheHill and read how the @FBI botched the Hillary Clinton email investigation - perhaps on purpose!  Amazing article. http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/367141-congressional-investigators-find-irregularities-in-fbis-handling-of …
Comey, UR a hypocrit - plain and simple. UR "hopes" of ethical leadership is like Larry Flynt hoping 4 less porn. UR actions run contrary to ethical leadership, e.g., leaking classified documents to press. Ethical leader wouldn't operate the way U do.
Yeah, like not kissing up to the Clintons.
Comey, it will be more ethical because you’re gone!
It's Comey Doody Time!  It's Comey Doody Time!
The men Loyal only to the American People & the Constitution My Respect
You wouldn’t know ethical if it walked up to you and introduced itself. #ObamaGate
#CrookedComey
http://amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/jan/3/charles-grassley-says-james-comey-likely-leaked-cl/?__twitter_impression=true …
GO TO PRISON!
2017 brought that.
We will fight!  #TurnCongressBlue
#Resistance
Thank you Sir!
You are a fine example of ethics ... Clinton style ethics... but definitely NOT moral ethics. Shame on you.
It's Howdydoody time #BuffaloBobComey!
It became quite a bit more ethical with your departure.
#DirtyCop is one to speak.
Comey earned $6 million from Clinton Foundation donor 
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/10/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection/ …

"ethical"????? quite a word to use from a person, who when in a leadership role, certainly didn't appear to know what that meant.
After all the stuff coming out about Hillary and her crime family and you clearing her...don't talk about values and ethics.  You jail a good man for the same thing.  How do you look yourself in the mirror...sad and sick
Thank you Mr. Comey. We are looking forward to it. Happy New Year!
We would of had better if you did  call out Hillary the night before the election. Just saying. Now we're dealing with crazy.

With Obama holder COMEY all you felons it is going to be possible now ...James COMEY get ready for prison ...Americans want you to fry  you are a cheap con LIAR...we are coming for you 
You can’t be serious! You sir, are an arrogant jerk who thinks Americans are not worthy of the truth.  You also believe you have the right to enforce the law and  prosecute the law.   You should be  prosecuted for your actions.  You seem to have your own set of laws.
Well, it only lasted 2 days .... Bannon's Fire & Fury book is going to send Trump over the edge!
Hey, did you provide ethical leadership at the FBI when you leaked classified memos to your friend?
I am confused.  James comey wouldn't know what ethical means if it hit him in the bum.
With all that has been uncovered about ur treachery, lies, * cover up you dare talk about ethical leadership? U ncant handle the truth! Pathetic dope just trying to sell a book, your title should be a sequel to HRC, and call it, " Yeah, it happened, what difference does it make?"
Throwing rocks in a glass house will shatter one’s self-deceived integrity.
How can a liar like you say something like this???
You’re going to prison!
Get used to it!
@ValerieJarrett Maybe it will since you're out of office
You mean like this?
Thank you Comey.
Laughable. Nothing worse than a dirty cop. People trusted you.
you should learn to tell truth and be on the side of the law for every one
How ironic you speak of ethical leadership. You took and oath yet you lied  in order to protect lying, cheating, crooked Hillary Clinton.
Oh, you mean you care about ethics, truth and lasting values now?  You didn't seem to even know what they were when you were lying for @HillaryClinton!
Oh yeah, it will be ethical cuz you and your cronies are dropping like flies. Who will make the first deal? who will spill all the beans? Should be interesting James.....
Donald Trump is making America great again.
Stock up on some soap on a rope Comey
yeah....
.@Comey is in serious denial & delusion. He’s a dangerous man. His tweets reflect a sanctimony & superiority that was shared by his lead Clinton investigator #PeterStrzok. Both tried to make sure Trump was not elected. And if it meant using the @FBI, so be it. #UnethicalComey
U would b better off shutting your big leaky mouth Comey!!! All your doing is making us madder!!!!
Men who have spent a lifetime building a reputation for integrity are occasionally ensnared in a very subtle trap: acting to protect that reputation instead of acting in line with it. Witness the Catholic Church.
Same to you!
Should be better in 2018, now that we have people like you out of the way!
Can’t wait to read your book, the truth of Washington and the President would be so refreshing.
God knows we didn't have ethics in the previous eight years. 

One shouldn't go throwing rocks at glass houses, I don't need to be talked to about ethics by one with such poor ethical conduct
Comey  =  Shunned legacy ruined
Are you serious?
Midterm elections are coming.
Getting rid of Comey was the first step to clean up the swamp. Others should follow. Brown, independent and I follow nobody.
The leadership can hardly get less ethical
You never had integrity?
.#ReleaseTheMemo 

Cheers!
I agree more ethical leadership in the FBI What was done in the Clinton Case was not about honesty & ethical leadership. Conclusion was dummied down & changed to protect her from prosecution. Any GI who did what she did would be in jail. Lady Justice is supposed to be blindfolded
When the President fired you, it was just the beginning of a more ethical FBI. You helped Hillary stay out of prison twice. You and Obama weaponized the FBI. Obama weaponized the IRS and DOJ while you sat on tour hands. The deep state lives.

Thank you for good tidings, MR. DIRTY COP
There will be, Trump is draining the swamp #MAGA
What ur type of leadership let’s list ; Liar , Hack ,Hillary’s Lap Dog, Obama’s boy , leg humper , falsifier , joke , Dishonest , u have shown u can b bought BOY , lol ur a joke just fade away jack a..
Hope you are doing your part to put Hillary Clinton, who actually won the election, in office. And requesting that the White House be thoroughly fumigated before she gets there.
It would be a sign of leadership for you to come clean so we can move on.
He will get there!
You had your chance Benedict
Just wondering why you sold $500k in PIMCO stock in 2013 just 4 weeks after being sworn in as FBI Director? Did you use your ethics when your team discovered something with PIMCO and then deciding to sell?
Don't lie when your under oath for commiting a felony or 2 or 3 or 4 for leaking government documents. Because u know what happens when u lie. Ask hillary..# draintheswamp
Ethics is something you totally lack. #ReleaseTheMemo #MAGA
How delusional are you??  You and your cohorts will eventually pay a steep price for your corruption and bastardizing of the FBI.  Looking forward to seeing justice served.
Well, getting rid of you was a start.
Talking about this bud? You big corrupt bozo
Your hypocrisy only reaffirms how delusional, unethical, and irresponsible you were and the damage you inflicted upon this Nation through collusion or irresponsible judgment (maybe both).  #Hypocrisy #ObstructionOfJustice
You and me both
Don’t listen to any of these haters, they’re the dwindling 30% and we all know Trump is a criminal! Happy New Year and what he did to you was obstruction of justice & you came out the better person...Here’s to 2018  & the almighty Mueller
Happy New Year to you too Mr. Comey You are a true American Hero
Oh please !! Leaker liar is what Comey is! Failed FBI agent who knew Hillary compromised national security! Scientist was killed because of it and he did nothing!
Happy new year to you & your dear family !!
Comey is the Deep State Mafia lawyer
Ethical Leadership started when you got fired!
How are you a millionaire when you’ve spent most of your life in “public service”
#TicToc
#QAnon
You’re done and desperate
#PanicMode 
Follow the 
Well you're out, so that's a start.
If you are not charged and prosecuted for your role in allowing HRC to circumvent our national security and FOIA compliance then there will be on ethics in leadership.  Your leadership is part of problem.
It sure as hell won't come from you JIM. I cannot believe how each day we learn how totally corrupt you ran the FBI and diminshed the integrity of the organization,you are a disgrace.No one should buy a damn thing you publish. Stop selling your damn book and start being truthful
What do you know about "the truth"? You seem to have forgotten it when you called it a "matter" and when you agreed to change what HRC should of been charged with? You know if she became President (I shudder at the thought), you would of been fired January 21st.
Here’s hoping 2018 brings ANY leadership. @realDonaldTrump has no idea what leadership means. SAD!
Now that your corruption is gone we have a chance for a more ethical year.
