You were saying the same thing in regards to Obama right?
Yeah, sure. Whataboutism. Early 20th century Russian propaganda techniques. Your job as an American is to hold your Government accountable every step of the way. Neither Obama or Hillary is in office. The world is laughing.
The media helps the left, and has for decades.
Damn. You got us.
You know when there's this many right wing trolls they are terrified of Comey! Keep it up sir, America needs you xx
Terrified or pissed off that this lying cheating corrupt POS is preaching about a free and honest press?
Their presence merely validates my original tweet, they're terrified of Comey xx
Wow...if this man is your hero...wow the liberals are a lost cause huh smh
'You know who' is trying to limit the press. Goebbels did the same thing.
You know who is discrediting and limiting the deep state propaganda machines that have your impressionable minds fooled.
Because Obamacare and big pharma ruined medicine :/
its a fact, Obamacare is a giant failure.
I know democrats love that fuzzy feeling they get when they talk about more people having health coverage...but simply having health insurance doesn’t mean one can actually afford to use it if the deductibles cost more than a fucking car.
Comey 2020 
While capable, I’m not sure governance of the general populous is what he wants.
I agree that it may not be what he wants, but it might be just what our country needs; a man or woman of integrity in the White House. I believe there is a true silent majority of Americans that want this kind of leadership.  Don't care which party, either.
Leadership? Have you a dictionary? Comey is the epitome of those who lost all credibility by choosing self over country.  May he be sufficiently held to account.
Ahhhhhhh........a Kool-aid drinking Trumpster.  Bye-bye, Russian sympathizers.

When this came across my feed, it said "Renato Mariotti ,God, and 5 others liked this." @TheGoodGodAbove @renato_mariotti
My man James Comey!  PERSON OF THE YEAR @TIME
"The man who never looks into a newspaper is better informed than he who reads them; inasmuch as he who knows nothing is nearer to truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods & errors." Thomas Jefferson, June 11, 1807
You lied and leaked as head of the FBI. Disgusting how corrupt you r. Changing an investigation to a Matter, which is what HRC campaign wanted you to say. And you did. Leaking classified info. If I did any of that I would be in jail...!! #MAGA
karma..........it's a bitch........just like you
OUR LIBERTY DEPENDS ON HONEST UNBIASED PEOPLE WORKING FOR THE PEOPLE NOT FOR JUST THE DEMOCRAT AGENDA AS YOU DID @Comey “Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.” - Thomas Jefferson,  Jan. 28, 1786
This is your fault, Comey - don't think we forget.   Hope you sleep well at night.
Ethereal trolling.  I love it!  

Go Comey Go!   #EtherealTrolling
Jefferson was correct but, CNN has become nothing more than a Leftist Propaganda tool. It is no longer "press" as it should be.
It was then , now is limited 
Comey subtweets are the best subtweets. 
@realDonaldTrump ..... Comey smacks you down in style.  Every. Single. Time.
Been lost a long time

You are a man of honor.
Amen to that!
The press has lost its credibility
Lol you have a bunch of retweets from Fox, and Fox Anchors... Statistically Fox lies more than anyone else, except InfoWars and other garbage like that.
It sucks the the news is not the same as it was in the 1700s now it’s just their thoughts and some news. So sorry but the fake news has to stop @realDonaldTrump is right
Thank you for your service to our nation James. Our founding fathers creation is amazing and we would be in an even better place today if we also had founding mothers in an equal role at that time. Despite our imperfections we have an incredible nation.
You need to speak for yourself! James Comey committed treason!!
Only the Orange One is hanging out with Russians.  Please read/listen to other stuff besides Fox, Breitbart and Infowars .  It helps.
I agree 1,999% 
Sooooo..you think I should listen to CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS. Read the NYT and WAPO? I don't think so. Billy you and Heather..the nasty liberal woman need to stick your opinions up your A--ES. Impress your 400 followers.
What kind of ‘proud Navy veteran’ Likes a tweet that calls John McCain a ‘F—tard’?  And how many years did you suffer torture by the enemy that gives you that standing?    SAD!
McCain is a badass. I have grown to love that man so much over the past year and a half. Never thought that would happen!  
In your liberal mind! McCain is no bad A-- he's your kind RINO!
Apparently only FOX matters. It also appears that the new guy doesn't realise that other countries actually have their own news media and report as they see fit.  Like the BBC for example.
“Nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper,” -Thomas Jefferson
What newspaper?
Jeremiah, Jeremiah, Jeremiah.  Your boy attacks the free press constantly as his most recent tweet shows. Check yourself...
Just imagine if you hadn't just days before the election determine the out come?  U still working, Hillary President and the World would have respect for us.  Yet that isn't what we have, you own that.
Imagine not cheating a primary and to top it off, nominate a virtual repub as vp. Got what she and the entire bullshit dem party deserved.
You’re a joke
Surely you jest!
@Comey Are you fucking kidding?
Thank you for your service, loyalty and patriotism!
Thank you for your service to our country!
nuff said #DeepState #traitor 

#Trump #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Thomas Jefferson isn’t the voice of reason regarding freedom of anything when he placed no such distinction on black lives. He raped young black girls & forced them to bear his children. Super Fuck Thomas Jefferson @Comey you’re a clever man, you gave trump the WH - try again.
Reports from all sides trying to take POTUS OUT! There is 0integrity wi msm.U should know u BROKE the LAW helping them.u look good in orange
question:
Given that much of the mainstream media itself is uncaringly corporate, & subverted in many cases by political interests, what is your plan for addressing the shockjock nature of modern MSM, along with the more insidious & well-funded Neo Nazi propaganda platforms?
I do believe in freedom of speech, but undesirable counter cultures within the white population are using the first amendment as their Trojan Horse & Wolf in Sheep's Clothing, for harm.

What should Americans do about this? Do we attack our own rights or go after NNs personally?
It's an unfortunate thing that the press is not free... It is owned by agenda driven people who are propagandizing, not reporting.
Oh, oh. If only Trump and the Bannonites ran the media, we’d really get the truth, then!
Not what I said, you're are a bit sensitive, no?LOL
Not what you said, but certainly what you implied!
We do have a free press, dear! It’s just that you want the most successful ones to parrot Fox News! Then the press will be ‘free’.
You’re ridiculous!
I-80 California, yesterday. #MyMischief I do not take the #FirstAmendment for granted. #LoudandProud
The GOP was founded in 1854
I decided to go all the way back to the Declaration of independence.
No you just didn’t have the facts 
No, you don't have the facts. Did some authors of the declaration of independence own slaves. Yes or no.
Absolutely, what the fuck does that have anything to do with what we’re talking about. 1st amendment to slave owners?!? 
We are talking about the dates on my sign and what they represent. I get there are no pictures, so you are having a hard time keeping up.
Then explain what 1776 and 2017 have to do with slavery and the death of GOP? Go ahead we’re waiting to hear how you’re going to manage this one. But I’m sure you will just continue saying stupid stuff without explaining yourself.
But Trump isn't limiting it, he's opining on it. I Amendment applies to him too and CNN picked a side, let's call a spade a spade here.
GITMO.
Comey twitter is good twitter
Comey is a traitor, liar, UN-justice example, crooked cohort, & corrupt to the core. He has shamed the name FBI.
Since my State removed Jefferson from High School History Books, the groundwork is being laid to silence more than the press. Sad that other States adopt Texas School Books. Liberty? Reporter can't walk down a St in protest without being charged with inciting a Riot. 70yrs?
Ironic coming from Comey
Great book.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
 You are so good at this!
Troll level = Jedi Master
Absolutely! It's fascinating to watch! I feel safer!
IKR? There are still a few heroic adults in the house. Mueller, Comey, Yates, Bharara... 
They are running an agenda that is anti American and you have taken the bait
Whatever
Yes, as long as it is unbiased in its reporting....
I've watched most of your interviews/townhalls. There is only one thing I feel you need to change, and that's your consideration to run for Office. I really think you should. Restore some respect for America.
When the press is no longer reporting the facts but purely opinions, we can no longer trust the Press.
Freedom of the press does not include making s**t up and distorting the truth
I agree.  BUT -- Just  who is distorting the truth? Is Fox news considered "press" in your opinion?  http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/tv/fox/pants-fire/ …
Good question! They’re all sketchy!
I can't with you anymore
What?
Comey is trolling Trump.
Gotcha! Thanks.
#ReleaseTheMemo
your liberty Jim depends on the freedom of the press, that explains all the LEAKS! @Comey @rkfour
It is held intact by an honest, non-bias Media. These are biased and malicious.
And thank God for @SaraCarterDC and others for pursuing the truth and exposing the corruption under your watch.
and now the suppressed FBI that worked under you are able to speak out and they tell of the swamp you and your global friends have created. karma is coming
Freedom ?? Yes if they had integrity. Make NO mistake they have freedom. Spreading propaganda. I pray every night that "THE PRESS" WOULD REPORT PROPERLY. THEY DO NOT.
Lies are not credible press.
No freedom. Only filter, we the people know this
Our Media LIES just as much as YOU
I like the way you quote people that, because you are intensely repulsive, would not take the time necessary to spit in your face
Free press? Cooperate media is not free it is bought and paid for leftest propaganda, that covered for your criminal cabal.
So the guy who paid for a fake dossier to take to FISA Court to spy on a political opponent wants to talk about integrity? Funny!
Nobody wants to limit the press. Sad thing is right now they are limited as they report with an agenda bias. Pretending its not true and those who believe that want to get rid of the press is moronic. Its disingenuous.
Ur ur new CNN and them are full BS sir if they did there job right it be good
Run, Comey. Run! You and @SallyQYates! 
Better run alright. the REAL law is coming to arrest him.
ur mom looks like my nana
Stay classy @Rosie
Freedom of the Press does not mean Freedom of the Press to LIE.
I’m wondering, with your brother working for the Clintons and you, having a clearance letter ready for Hillary before they were interviewed, how is it that you can talk about integrity. A legacy is not what others say about you, it’s the substance of what you did, thats it
Too bad you didn't run the FBI with integrity. #ShameOnYou What kind of #Blackmail did the #Clintons and #Obama have on you???? #WhiteWater #MarkRich #ClintonEmails #McCabe #LorettaLynch #SealedIndictments #QAnon #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #4chan

You are deplorable, thanks comey for standing up for America morales and values
RRRighttt!... Letting #Hillary get away with #Treason and #Espionage as well as #MoneyLaundering really stands up for morales and values in ANY country...either that or your #American standards are very low
Stop watching Fox News, and educate yourself
Clearly you’re:
-not paying attention
-biased 
-incapable of understanding Thomas Jefferson cautionary statement. 
-Press ‘limited themselves’ by their patent bias (feeding debate questions, etc.) choosing @DNC
-Trump reinstating USA liberty by calling out USA destructive Media.
You liberals are so funny. So hypocritical. First words in you’re description is “Love trumps Hate”

Then you troll me an a complete stranger and you spew vitriol hate.
Speaking of trolling....or are you best buds with Mr. Comey? Never mind the fact that you're from Canada. Sorry if you cannot take honesty. Do you need a safe space?  So before you call someone a troll perhaps take a look in the mirror.
Why do you hate so much?

I provided critical comment on Media abusing 1st Amendment privilege. Any attack on ‘free’ Media even from within is attack on Liberty. 
You’re lucky Trump is defending your liberty. 
Sad a Canadian has to explain that to you.
#TrumpDerangementSyndrome
That is your opinion of the media, not mine or that of millions of others. If it wasn't for the amazing investigative journalists many of the corrupt & sex scandals would not have come to light. Trump defends no one but himself. I should know, I was born in NY & watched his scams
His own administration calls him an idiot, says he knows zero about policies (shocker). I'm sorry that lovely Canada has to deal with the likes of you.  And, yes, Love does Trump hate & I love deeply but that does not mean I have to be nice to full blown trolls.
He can tweet away all he wants to. He's still a liar!

Golly gee, guess that public excoriation of the non-scandal of HRC's emails seems quaint now, doesn't it?  I mean, it's just the fundamentals of democracy threatened as a result.
It being the press is heavily biased towards progressives, whose liberty are you talking about, yours or we the people?
Its lost
But they need to be honest!!!!!
Comey, please return to whatever rock you were under.
Talk about our journalists, they are the heros Trump should stick to "Making America Great Again" pfft
I care about freedom of the press but in truth not propaganda
Freedom of press...sure...freedom to spread blatant lies and disinformation...pretty sure that's not what Jefferson meant 
Yes, that’s why Fox should be banned from airwaves. There’s too many imbeciles who actually believe their propaganda BS
Right... yet it has been restricted by the blindly obedient acceptance of the Un-Patriot Act and the press itself which has given way to propaganda for profit rather than investigative reporting and journalistic integrity.
Jefferson meant also that public must police the press.
but didn't you participate with Obama justice department to go after at least two reporters?
Freedom of the press has been gone since before A Jackson. You know that better than most!
Putin has been scheming to silence the U.S. press and media to empower his poodle Trump to rule America as a tyrant.He has taken the NRA,Evangelical Nazis and KKK on his side to reduce peaceful America into an arena of conflict and civil war.Caution America !
Jefferson would never be friends with a leaker.
Our liberty depends on honest unbiased people working for the people NOT for just the democrat agenda as you did @Comey
THE UNDERNEATH OF THAT PLACE IS WHERE THE MOST EVIL THINGS HAPPEN...O PORAO DO CAPETA E LA EMBAIXO DAQUELE CANOPY. GO SEE WHAT IS THERE.
You forget to include the part about responsible reporting!!!
Comey's not my homey!
Pendulum swings both ways!! MAGA 
I’ve been a LEO for 30 years, and investigated homicides, PIS, and violent crime for 23 of those years, never in those 30 years have I seen another LEO make a decision to prosecute or not. U Sir, F’d up big time
I see your affiliation is Independent. Where are you, Christopher Wray, Cathy Bennett, Patricia Ferrick with Robert Muller in my case as a target while I'm subject still to the most horrendous unthinkable subverted Intelligence players. You are family. Why am I dying and being...
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." Thomas Jefferson
True and free press. Not just a bunch of partisan people trying to destroy others.
Like the 30 pages of FBI documents concerning the Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting?
Where have you been ass wipe?
For over a year now, the free press in the USA decided to be a political arm of the democrats. Free to speak lies!
Free to analyze every word spoken by the president!
Free to create their own stories of collusion!
Free to talk about for Hours!
Free
FLASHBACK: James Comey  admitted Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI multiple times & each time is a felony!
Right!
Because until he was fired every Democrat wanted him skinned.
He will be remembered as the tool that changed the name of the FBI to the Federal Bureau of Matters. 
Every time he acts self righteous I'm reminded we will not stop until we have a microscope up his ass.
What do u know abt liberty ? Weaponized intel against political opponents.
And an FBI with integrity.  Which you didn’t have.
But the press Mr. Comey has quite frankly become just as disgusting as the whole rest of charade - the days of unbiased reporting of facts have disappeared -  regardless of upset with Trump.  Hes right ir the biased press &they are as much of a problem as him &corrupt politicians

That is your justification for leaking classified information!?
It also depends on the press not being own and working for interests against the people.
Not when the "press" has been bought and paid for...
Honesty of the press is not required, eh

FYI: your Jefferson quote is prior to his presidency. Jefferson,after becoming Pres, tried to censor critical press. “Nothing can now be believed which is seen in a newspaper. Truth itself becomes suspicious by being put into that polluted vehicle.” Sounds like @realDonaldTrump
defamation, liable, malicious intent, sabotage and criminal complicity are cromes NOT freedom of speech.
Our liberty depends on freedon of honest press!!
An honest press!!!!! Not propaganda!!!!!
"The Peoples Liberty" depends on prosecuting Usurpers like YOU!
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom" Thomas Jefferson. He published your quote when most Americans in positions of power and the press were NOT exploiting and corrupting the freedom and liberty we possess to advance their own unconstitutional political agenda.
It's almost like they wanted to be explicit about it.
The man that said the press is usually wrong under oath. Leaked classified materials and colluded with corrupt administration.
And the press has the freedom to continue to lie and destroy our Country.
.
Comey don't play.
Look at those fools that are arguing with Thomas Jefferson.

Shielding behind comments written by much more prestigious people before you shows what a 2 sided crook you are. Why not come out and tell the truth? What do you have to lose ?
Does freedom of the press include public manipulation?  Because we've spent a year trying to prove the Russians did that very thing.

You quoting Thomas Jefferson is the equivalent of Charles Manson quoting Mother Theresa. And worth as much.
That's the press .not spmeone leaking false information out to them to crusify someone  you dont like
It’s an absolute for our Democracy!!!
Trump is trying to move our Country closer & closer to “State Run” EVERYTHING! With all the Fox news viewers, & Breitbart BS the ppl. Who get only “news” from just these outlets are falling for this hook, line, and sinker!
Freedom did not include a pack of slander and libel.  You are right, justice will roll because intent NOT required in HRC email situation.
The press in this nation is nothing more than the propaganda arm of hell.
You, Mr. Comey, are a hypocrite, unethical, a liar, and you have made a mockery of the FBI.
America's freedom is already lost. Our government has decided to remove We the People & act on their own authority. It is a sad day when integrity is sacrificed for personal political agendas. You, sir, have contributed to the demise of freedom & liberty in America. A sad legacy!
Unfortunately, leeches like you who corrupt our nation's government rely on the lies of a leftist media conspiracy hiding behind our 1st Amendment to ignore reporting on your crimes.
too bad you never followed this advice. You know when you covered up Clinton lies for one, what else didn't we catch you at? #TreasonsGreetingsAndMerryIndictmas
That used to be very true but they want to run the world not report.

Poor Complicit Comey, doesn't know the difference between Press & Tabloid... Are you STILL trying to cover for the Cabal? FACTS dont care about Feelings! If the MSM would print & report Truth then we wouldn't have to call them "FAKE NEWS"! Why did YOU cover 4 Syphillary? $10 mil?
It's Not fake news just because the Facts don't align with what you WANT to be true, or your agenda.
Whatever helps you sell your book lol
So...clearly too late, then.  Because the US hasn’t had a free press since the CIA took over the major publications.
maybe real press not Libtard activists posing an journalist, you know like the ones you leak to,  Lordy

You tweeted on my birthday! 11-25
When the press becomes the propaganda arm of the government it ceases to be the press.
A captured press is wholly inconsistent with liberty and a constitutional republic. Millions of events happen everyday, and yet the MSM all settle on the same 5 or 6 stories. Why is that? Collusion?
Jim your leaker buddies & permanent state haters & leak trolls at the WP & NYT would make Stalin & Pravda very proud with the bias disinformation campaign run by you & holdover permanent staters & political activists posing as unbiased nonpolitical saint's WTH we all see it HELLO
It is truly a pity that you allowed yourself to be turned into a political hack, instead of keeping the faith. I hope you end up in jail.
odd, that you would defend the American Press that you so shamelessly USED to disseminate your own self-promotion with LEAKS of government documents.
COMEY, you lying corrupt duplicitous criminal! May you hang by the noose you fashioned for Trump!

Read the quote! Comey is simply quoting, what Thomas Jefferson recognized in 1786. Without freedom of the press, even if some of the “press” ie Fox lies, we lose our democracy to tyranny. POTUS has NO business, trying to silence the press, ridicule or limit it.#FreedomOfThePress
Think about this Mr. Trump
Our liberty depends on all citizens being treated equally under the law - no special treatment for the political elite. Hillary did not have to demonstrate intent to be charged yet you cleared her based on that reasoning. Looked mighty corrupt to We the People, James.
As a former intel pro, aware of my fate had I committed a fraction of HRC’s exempted offenses, forgive me if I give 0 damns for your quote.
Wen da #press #compromise #truth so as 2 #diverge from da #path of #honesty 2 da #road of #marxist n #communism. All #respect n #confidence w/ da #people is #destroyed. N #rebellion is da only #course #open 4 #honestmen left  2 follow.
Funny coming from you, in which you had your buddy leak misinformation to the press and the “Fake Dossier” soooo glad you were booted out!!!
Why would you tweet anything?  You have been identified as a #Swamp creature.  That being said, I look forward to reading all the negative replies.
Just so.
Jim, why did you knowingly violate Department and Agency policy and leak information to a private citizen and the general public? You know that is grounds for termination from employment and revocation of your security clearance for cause.
You're a fraud and everyone knows it.
FREEDOM IS FINE AS LONG AS FACTUAL AND TRUE!  CNN LACKS THAT!
