Let's start this off with Hillary Clinton blatantly lying to Mike Pompeo
James Comey, what did you know about the fake dossier?
James Comey here is where Peter Strzok changed the wording of your statement from "gross negligence" to "extremely careless"

Hint one is a criminal charge, one isn't. I'll let you guess...
Was the fake dossier the reason for the FISA warrants in the first place? I think @Jim_Jordan knows.

I think you know too.
.@jasoninthehouse knew about Platte River Networks, which is the most, under rated, most important things in this entire investigation.

Or should I call it a matter....
"don't call it an investigation, call it a matter."

Loretta Lynch said this to you.

You leaked information to the nytimes through Daniel C Richmond.

Remember that? I sure do.
Go look for yourself. The tweet is still up.

You illegally obtained a visa warrant, to specifically go after the Trump campaign
@GenFlynn

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/837993273679560704 …
The facts are there, James Comey.

Why hasn't this been addressed?

What do you have to hide?
Did he leak info for political reasons while head of the FBI as well?
Awww how precious, you in your feelings, making up lies.  PS sorry about your attempted run for office.  Recent reports have you under water by 80% 
And you just gained another follower just for that tweet.
How many interviews have you had with the IG? Horowitz a buddy of yours? I don’t think leaderships in your future or concern at this point
Time to think about something more than a mild medication, my dear.
Lol get back to me after Jam15th. I assure you Mr. Comey knows damn well what I’m speaking about.
I'll admit, I had no idea Director Comey had his finger on the pulse of the looney toons circuit. I stand corrected.
The looney toon circuit? That was the Feel the Bern show right? How’s Venezuela doing? Looked at ur profile and had to check my purse to make sure my wallet was still there...donate your tax cut money back to the govt please


Yep, he is.
Hey Russian bot, Paula-with-the-8-numbers-in-the-handle...
James @Comey destroyed the reputation and credibility of the @FBI! He also admitted to committing a felony by leaking Classified information. #LockHimUp!
I have no trust in the FBI,CIA. Anymore sad.
I miss days when an FBI director could be either party without it being used against him.
or the days when an FBI director didn't directly use his position to interfere in the political party he opposed.  We all miss those days too.
Exactly. You're mad that he sent that letter about examining the emails on Wiener's laptop too -- right, devotchka ?
Well he sent a secret, classified letter to keep Chaftez in the loop as promised. Chaftez had to quit Congress because he realised classified info. They were harmless, whereas Trump's crimes were already being investigated but Chaftez didn't realise that letter.
Trump's crimes?  lol.  You guys should write fiction.  You have the gift!  
Fuck off, devotchka. Your attempts at casual English are brutal
somebody sounds little butt hurt!  
This is referred to as deflection. 

Your whole life building a reputation as an honest policeman all ruined by bad choices.
AKA Treason.
Yes tRump and his campaign committed treason.
Coming of age in the bizarre bubble of superstardom and huge $$$, @KingJames has been an example of leadership and class. Not to mention a family man and role model.

Thumbs up to you both, @Comey and @KingJames 
Hillary Clinton was wrong when she called HALF of Trump supporters "A Basket of Deplorables" - It's actually ALL of them.
Count me in that basket.
What is up with the #2A thing in deplorable's profiles. Do you all think Dems don't own guns too?? I don't get it.
Nobody said that. I don't get your point. Put 2A in your profile if you want to. Glad you support the 2A. That's awesome.
Most of America DOES. R's AND D's. Just never ever ever see it on Dem profiles. Puzzling to me.
Puzzles me too why they wouldn't put it in their profiles. Very odd.
Prob bc trump nra and gop tried so hard to make ppl believe HRC was taking away 2A rights. Which she most def wasn't. But that's prob the reason why.
Nah. It's because we believe strongly in the 2A, so we put it in our profiles. Pretty simple.
Jimbo - perhaps you could give some leadership courses at #Gitmo or #Leavenworth , in between the scripture and philosophy lessons. Just a thought, 20+ years is a long time and it may help pass the time. Regards from Huma, Carlos & Hillary BTW.
Ironic that our ex fbi director looks to a basketball player as an example!!!
Even more ironic is Failed FBI Director 
Comey giving “leadership” talks. 
Cease and Desist.
In contrast, I'm a college professor and I use you as an example of a failed leadership role and a case study of what a person can do to be better at his/her job.
I bet he's looking forward to the day the conman in the white house is arrested and his ass thrown in jail where it belongs. You can join him there too if you like.
Run for President Mr. Comey . We’ve got your back
No WE don’t have his back.
You are not part of we . Your judgement is questionable already if you voted Drumpf
Geez that’s what America is  thinking about you #maga it’s
They are desperate to get rid of Nunes now. Ain’t happening.
Combover, how about a Bible verse about how God hates liars like you?
Proverbs 12:22 "The Lord hates liars, but is pleased with those that keep their word."
How did you come up with an exoneration letter before carrying out an investigation? Not that it mattered anyway BC your mind was already made up. Loyalty to $$$ ?

I didn't think it was possible to like you any more. @KingJames does amazing things off the court, too!
We love him in Ohio. He "gives back" to his community!
And he called potus a bum!
And he was right
One of the best tweets of 2017!
?
What are you talking about? Shut me down? I'm in agreement that he is a bum.
Hey James Comey.....#BoughtAndPaidFor
She should have been convicted right then and there.
Full story if you're interested. Thanks for sharing the video.
Comey mueller 2020
For prison??
Yeah, @KingJames is great, especially because he called out Trump like no other.

We may not agree on policy but we love this country & I look forward to the day you are vindicated for the #Truth always comes to light
Was it LeBron James who taught you about interviewing high-profile suspects NOT under oath, and ensuring no notes were taken? @FBI was corrupted on your watch. #DirtyCop
U let a criminal violate espionage act and put our national security at risk . While using dossier this criminal bought to start fake trump Russia . Shame on u !@Comey
He’s a humble guy. He’s definitely the best since Jordan. And what matters most to him is refreshing.
Comey is getting cooler and cooler, all while doing his part to save democracy from Trump.
THANK YOU .... 
FOR DOING THE RIGHT THING !!!! 
W TRUMP !!!! 
CLINTON .... NOT SO SURE !
#Collusion in RUSSIAN  
HAPPY NEW YEAR 
EVERYTHING, I REPEAT, EVERYTHING THIS IDIOT DOES IS POLITICALLY MOTIVATED AND CALCULATED. Going forward he cares not, for ANYTHING other than potential votes and will cheat and lie to that end! Go ahead, follow this poser over the cliff. No great loss!
Oh hell, Comey’s been carrying water for the Clintons since the early nineties. For some reason he hitched his wagon to the dynamic crime duo and has ridden all the way to purgatory. He was never in any danger of being suicided. Sheesh. 
Wrong meme, sorry... most idiots seeing it will not know about his clintonian past. It was as much a hit on the clintons as it was on comey. Ill do better next time. 

LEADERSHIP TALKS YOU'RE A CORRUPT COMPLICIT PARTISAN DIRTY COP ALL THE TALKS IN THE WORLD WON'T CHANGE THAT!  #DCSEWER
How about you explain your 25+ years functioning as HRC's political "fixer", @Comey? Let's start with Whitewater and go on from there.
Clean up your paper trail James! They coming for ya!
@Comey you had to know super agent Peter Strzok was corrupt when he worked for you in the Federal Bureau of Matters.
We are with you Sir!!
Of course you are, journalists covered for him..and you still are...a true journalist wouldn't choose sides, they would investigate
Yes he is....@Comey
Erika, I fell on the floor laughing at the irony of this letter and its poor grammar. Thank you for making my day with your humor!
Your silence is deafening, sir. Only nine more days of Christmas left to answer.
@Comey Good thoughts, Sir! Our mind has the tendency to have humane, perspectives. However, when we are totally ignorant of a higher or absolute perspective, it’s possible for our “humane perspectives” to become a source of negative thinking.Lebron!
So everything under investigation on the Democrat party is made up and the Trump side is true? How blind, deaf and partisan does a person have to be?

Wow...I don’t know if I’m more freaked out about the fact that YOU were giving leadership talks or the fact that you used lebron james as an example.
Avoiding feeding the trolls I’ll just say stand strong, Mr Comey, and bring your contributions to the table. The rest will take care of itself. If we’re wise we’re listening, and watching, widely.
You are a ray of positive sunshine, Mr Comey 
Comey...you lied to everyone and let Clinton skate.

You r so corrupt.
Bravo, @Comey. You’re a worthless, corrupt hack. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5221693/Classified-documents-Anthony-Weiners-computer.html …
Are you serious Comey? Oh, so you're a man of character, discipline, perseverance and "Pursuit of improvement." You even embarrassed me with this tweet. I'll tell you what you have done. You've earned my disrespect. Go, go far away
.So you're saying you told everyone in "Andy's office" that the "insurance plan" wasn't needed b/c if Hillary loses it's no reason to lose sleep?
Ooooh, Deep Thoughts by James Comey. Nobody cares. 
Comey tweeting about sports. Love it.
Mr. Comey can you dunk?
Please sir this is very important
Comey and Lebron are both 6’ 8” 

I know  that you like basketball . What about shooting some hoops. 
For my PHED class we had to play basketball too. I finished the class with an A that was summer 2017.
I'm 5'4".lol 
I always wish, I had a few more inches. 
.@Comey views @KingJame as principled leader. Really? 

LAPD  sources say alleged racist graffiti claimed by Lebron was a PR  stunt/hoax, but God forbid if LAPD told the truth, @TheDemocrats would  label them all  racists.
STUNT BY HIM
And we all know who you use when talking about bad leadership qualities...

LORDY, we can all aspire our presence to command a court like King James!
Impeach we now our right-wing pres’dent
#Falalalala 

#FBR 

IMPEACH20 for 20% off librul tees  #DissentBigly 

https://www.authentic-american.com/collections/sci-fi?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Tweet&utm_campaign=sf1712c …
Pro America, Anti-Russian Presidency Trump Puppet Dawg. USA USA USA
9 followers.....sweet
So you decided to exonerate Hillary before she was even interviewed. How does that work? But you're an expert at exonerating Hillary, you've been her lackey for decades. You're a disgrace and a criminal.
Are you serious? That’s hilarious! No wonder you got fired. #maga
@Comey Mr. Comey, thanks for your life of service to our country. Those opposing you are just supporting the biggest liar-in-chief we’ve ever had. Our democracy is being threatened.
And the worst and scariest thing about it is that they keep drinking #Trumpet's Kool-Aid and they fail to recognize that the only #FakeNews emanates from the White House and #FoxNews (but more accurately should be called #FoxVIEWS). Sadly,#FOX &its viewers r blinded by the truth.
Yes!
You are like a person sticking the bull in the eye.  So I can only assume two things.

A)  Your buddy Mueller gave you full immunity already for your crimes.

B)  You're sweating it because you know that you're going down.

You can't hide behind your tweets much longer.
You the real mvp
Thank you for sharing. Definitely worth watching.
Yeah it wouldn't be hard to go back to bed after checking bank statement.
Once you have so much money complaining about certain things can only be seen as a joke.
Thank you very much Mr Comey. I am sure after everything thing is done and over, you will have the last laugh . You have my Respect and job well done . Hope you have a wonderful and Happy New Year . God Bless you and your family 
Easy for him to get over...it's a game. Not like he lost the democracy of a once great nation.
oh shit i thought this was espn but nah it's one king james to another
The balance of power is a symbol that has been around for years. But @realDonaldTrump has found every angle in an attempt to twist it in his favor...
@NelsonSealy
Can't disagree with you on that he is more than just basketball.
Mr. Comey, I realize you’re a big fan of needlepoint aphorisms, so I thought I’d just leave this here for you.
yeah, i used to believe in justice and that i could run to the fbi for help til i realize now you used it to get a fisa to continue to spy on me as i write this.
How much sleep are you #losing these days #mrcomey
Im sorry but hes a poor sport who yells at refs and players when he Doesn’t get his way. It’s hard to watch
Ha Ha LOL, HA HA HA
OMG 

LOSER !
Zzzzzzzzzzz
I’d only consider reading something about L. James because of you. Thank you for your service to our country.
GROSS NEGLIGENCE DOES NOT REQUIRE INTENT TO PROSECUTE
Profound Director! Thank you for your leadership.
Awesome he is a great role model
But we know come play offs time, fire Lebron is activated.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump should learn from the  @KingJames and stop caring about his popular vote loss to @HillaryClinton.
@ $33 MIL a year, losing sleep is tough cuz you are forced to make decisions; hmmm, my crib in cleveland? LA? the hamptons? or the villa in the south of france?

ps: life is good if you're allen crabbe too
pss: of course, his nike $ and other endorsements make losing sleep way tough too
The MAGAfuckers and Bots really swarm all over your Twitter feed. That means you are a threat to their Dear Leader and his orange scrotum...Please continue Mr Comey  The Maga meltdown each time you tweet is rather splendid to behold.
You can be a great example to young people in this country. repent and confess your sins and accept the just punishment. It will help this country a lot for you to be honest.
My husband and I watched this clip from LBJ yesterday too. He is truly a sports icon you can look up to. As my husband says, "that's an athlete I want our sons to grow up watching"...
Hey tall guy—Majority of Americans are with you and Mueller in spirit and heart. Keep board handy—2018 will bring a blue wave and America back from this year’s mess! We’re tired but determined.
No, only the corrupt Americans willing to turn a blind eye to the corrupt Clinton cartel.
Giving up on scripture? Or is this your new scripture tweets!? You're continuing to weird me out!
James, it becomes more obvious day by day that you were not qualified to serve this country in any capacity.
.
You first need to grow a pair..... before you tweet !

.
Attempted. Coup. Failed. #LockThemUp
If only I could forgive your excruciatingly painful and devastating bad judgment re-Hillary Clinton during the campaign I could appreciate your good qualities. You helped give the world trump. Must be awful to bear that burden. I’ll try to think kindlier of you.
Are you taller than LeBron James
Comey is getting cooler and cooler, all while doing his part to save democracy from Trump.
Thanks for being yourself on Twitter and sharing your perspective. Thank the FBI for me for keeping us safe.
If Mueller doesn't indict soon this will all be for nothing. Ryan is moving quickly and corruptly to subpoena FBI allowing Nunes to reign terror. And Graham is asking DOJ to investigate Steele. America is panicking the jackboots are marching! Begging for Leadership
We're getting some balance and perspective today as Huma Abedin's emails are released, showing you as the most feckless, corrupt FBI director ever, allowing unfettered crime within the Democrat Party & among their minions who it's obvious to everyone but you are criminals
How can you not admire this man?

Just remember to respect the "leadership" of the corrections officers in your future cellblock.

BTW, you should invest in these self-help books now before it's too late. 
Try honesty when attempting to lead.
Mr. Comet, How can you Mccabe is a good man? He didn't get fired, he just can't take the heat. Gitmo is waiting for you with open arms. #Gitmo
If deranged hate is an example of “leadership” then you and LeBron have something in common.
THIS PHRASE WAS INSERTED BY OUR FOUNDING FATHERS EXPRESSLY FOR PEOPLE LIKE YOU, OBAMA, CLINTON, MCCABE, STRZOK, MUELLER, CLAPPER, BRENNAN, RICE, POWER, JARRETT, LYNCH, HOLDER, MOOK, LERNER AND ABEDIN

ALL DIRTY-ALL CORRUPT. YOU ALL DISGUST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & BELONG IN JAIL
LOL 

The Dirty Cop is just trying to sell books.
Says a lot ab you @Comey.  Reminds me of Hillary w Jay devil worshiper Z and fakeoncyè
Your going to be crying in your beer when your con man in chief gets arrested and found guilty for treason for colluded with the Russians!
2018 not going to be such a good year for you
R u a victim Jim ? Like Hillary ? What u have done  to the reputation is a disgrace . U should b ashamed nothaving a woe is me moment !
Is it "gross negligence" that you changed the wording regarding your investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails from "gross negligence" (a crime when handling classified info) to "extremely careless" (not a crime) before you interviewed Hillary (without a recording or transcript)?
You're a crooked cop.
pretty sure i read that he had to lift comey's immunity.
“It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.”   
  ―     George Washington

Kind like Clinton and herpes..just wont go away
If only you'd had some serious post up skills, the country & FBI might have been spared this mess you helped make. 
Funny you talk about balance and perspective.  It seems to me that the end of the election and early trump days you were lacking both.I’m not privy to all that transpired, just my opinion. Thoughts?
Is this an April Fools joke in December?
You’re a criminal
@KingJames you know you’re a legend when a former FBI Director is using your motivation abilities in his own leadership capacity.
Your “leadership” destroyed the people’s confidence in the FBI.  You’re a leaker who has now sold out for the almighty buck.  #FakeVirtue #WednesdayThought
Nice :)
Probably didn't work out as well for you, well considering you were never truly a leader. You were more along the lines of a short order cook.
Did you show the video of when LeBron got dunked on at his own camp by a college student, then sent his goons to confiscate the cameras in the arena?
@RealSkipBayless
Something Comey could relate to! 
ha!

I had the same exact thought when I saw this. A great reminder of the real game we all should be focused on.
Let’s go Warriors! 
Thanks for not disappearing Director Comey!  We still need your voice...in fact, more than ever!
maybe LeBron can post your bail.

Nice ankle bracelet, James.
And thank you Mr Comey, for your continued pursuit of justice!!! The truth will prevail... eventually!!
It will prevail and you will still deny it, put your hatred aside open your eyes and ears
@SRey_Writes @dremack21 @poppazo2001 come at me bro lol geez

Unfortunately - shrugging off what's happening to our country right now is a little harder to do. I have to explain to my children why the president lies, divides and colludes. I taught them to respect authority.
Did you teach them to give Trump tower the finger? Or wear vaginas on their heads? Or do they think that's normal?
Go back to adoring Trump. I don't deal with ignorance. And shame on you for talking about my kids
I'm replying to your tweet, go back to you fake disappointed world

Counting the seconds until you James @Comey are indicted along with the rest of the criminals in your beloved @FBI that you signal handily destroyed ever ounce of respect and credibility for. Best thing is at the end of the day @realDonaldTrump is still going to be present.
Did you leak the dossier to Buzzfeed? Leakin Comey. #MAGA
I don't follow basketball, but a Like on the Director's post is a little spit in the face of fascism.
Plus, you know how the orange dotard feels about black athletes.
#ReleaseTheMemo  #MAGA
#WeAreTheStorm   #Qanon 
#WeThePeople    #NotABot
Did LeBron mentor you in letting people skate from the law for having highly classified emails on their husbands computer-a pervert w no Classified Clearance?  Intent not required. This isn’t going away.
You can enjoy LeBron behind bars you sorry example of justice.  Your time is coming!!
So according to leakin James Comey it’s completely ok for Anthony weiner to have all them classified files just floating around his perverted laptop. Good job leaker
https://twitter.com/Fuctupmind/status/946878482298097665 …

Dirty Comey. 

>>> Rock solid evidence they all lied and Hillary walks w nothing. <<<

We would all be in jail. Why is she special? She is dirty AF.
New Classified Documents Found On Weiner’s Laptop Implicate Hillary, Huma & FBI Cover Up https://truepundit.com/new-classified-documents-found-weiners-laptop-implicate-hillary-huma-fbi-cover/ …
You are a total disgrace you enabled and weaponized the @FBI and ordered FISA Warrants based off of a bogus Dossier to spy on a political opponent @POTUS on behalf of @POTUS44 you should be in jail you & your crooked agents Time is coming
@KingJames has difficulty constructing basic sentences.   Which is why this tweet is believable.
You could not have chosen a better example to use! Not only is he a superb basketball player, he is also an excellent businessman and a very charitable individual. He has helped so many in our community and always looks for more ways in which to help.
You're insane.
How are you still relevant when you lost everyone's interest and respect?
The end is near for you and I just can't wait to see you behind bars
But LeBron sleeps on a Tempurpedic. YOUR loss may include many, many sleepless nights on a hard cot in a jail cell.
Do they have ESPN @ GITMO?
I’m in love with Steph Curry.  He defines how putting In the work  and never giving up can develop  in you a keen sense that teamwork will shine brighter than one individual’s excellence... the aura borealis more breathtaking than  a single shooting star.
Tell us about your leadership actions at HSBC bank as it’s director laundering Clinton cash.
Will you run for President?  Please, Jim Comey?
Sheep. Dipped. Go away bro.
You disgraced the FBI along with McCabe. U obstructed justice with lynch, defended criminal Killary. Did not follow the law of espionage. You’re a complete failure
LeDouche™
No matter hard you tried, Hillary is not president.  Are you shrugging it off?  LJ has no more than an 8th grade education.  That’s what you Dems are wanting.  Uneducated leaders.  The King of 8th grade is not a leader.

LeBron's one of my favorite sports stars, and I'm not even into sports all that much. 
Big man with an even bigger heart.
He reminds me of a certain former #FBI director.
Thank you, James, for your always refreshingly thoughtful words, presented with class & grace. 
Oh..good..grief
Love
@ashleyfeinberg not even peter theil buying gawker and only deleting your posts could make this right
@ashleyfeinberg i hope you're happy with what you've done
i’m not
it's your cross to bear
wait that doesn't really work
I just wish u wouldn’t have leaked and all the other stuff that’s coming out about you now - BUT you are so lucky - if the lib media is with you, you are fine.  Happy trails but I don’t use you as a character example for my 4 kids - I did but no longer
Seriously?  You used Mr. Comey as an example for your kids? What ages were the kids at the time?  What exactly did you do, have them read his biography, his writings?  Pray tell?
Easy to do when you're a genetic freak and play ball for a living! 
Nah, not easy.
Well, you use the most talented & gifted BB player of this generation (at a minimum) as a shining example of dedication to improvement ... lesser talents could try twice as hard and never shine through. That's all I'm saying 
I think you have gone over some stability threshhold. Confess and help us indict one of the most corrupt human beings on earth, Hillary Clinton. THEN you may find some moral ground to stand on.
He wouldn’t shake hands after losing in the playoffs.  That’ll never be okay. When did you get misguided? Try John Wooden

Soooo, he hides behind the curtains too?
Mr Comey the real American people thank you for your service !
