Mr.. Comey do you ever Comey your Hair ...
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Trump just confessed on Twitter to knowing Flynn lied to the FBI when he "fired" him, thus he was trying to cover up a federal crime when he fired Yates and you, so he admitted to obstruction of justice.
Yes he did and admitted it for someone trying to save his ass is not the brightest crayon in the Box
Well now, didn't see any news except ABC, I'm guessing.
Flynn spoke with Russia, and many other countries, as part of the TRANSITION team, not while he was a candidate. 
Every president-elect does this.
I have seen a ton of news. Flynn negotiated foreign policy in conflict with the foreign policy of President Obama's WH on at least two separate matters, which is against the law. No, every president does not. Normal presidents call for congratulations, not negotiation.
Oh Melinda...
Bless your little bitty heart.
Bless yours, if anyone can find it. Maybe they can use a magnifying glass.
Integrity? lol lol

The people who have really damaged the FBI are those who constantly leaked information to the press.
The truth is coming out, if there is any justice in this world, the lot of you, the Clintons, IRS. ATF, State,, FBI and DOJ and Obamas WH, will be indicted, convicted serve life in prison, for obstruction of Justice and high crimes and misdemeanors against the People of the US.
What is up with you people? Mind controlled idiots!
“Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun; the moon; and the truth. ”

Thank you for this, @Comey . - America
He doesn't practice what he preaches.
Truth?? Nah. He lied his ass off, under oath!
Oh Mr. Comey. Nice
In fact I think the truth about you came to light very soon after you lied to congress. Enjoy the view while you can.
BOOM!!!   Verification?
Enjoy the calm
Still your fault she lost
Which is it really? Either Comey lost her the election, or Russia colluded with Trump to help Trump win. People can't have it both ways! Personally, the reason I've always believed Comey is because he didn't favor one or the other. The truth is what he wanted.
You, Mueller and Yates keep me clinging to the last bit of hope I have.
You're such a tease.
Love your humor.
Where are you sir? I'm only an hour away and on behalf of several million Americans, if like to buy you a drink 
Loving these tweets
Drag him dad

That should terrify you.
Keep em coming!
I love you 
I hope you are enjoying all of this!  The better it gets, the more I can see Trump’s head literally exploding...  or imploding.
Thank you for the hope. We need it.
 We are entering into #RockStar #HallOfFame territory here for #JUSTICE!
Fomer FBI Directors have all the best burns.


Very beautiful and I'm so glad the truth is FINALLY coming to light! So happy your being vindicated. I have been a fan of yours since your first @60Minutes interview!
Dude!
The calm inside the typhoon
How true!
Lordy, as if we couldn't love you more, JC!
Dude, you should be indicted. WTF are you talking about?
Another petard
Truly Beautiful !   I stand beside you ... May Justice be Served Up !!
#Comeyshade.  
Oh wise one...how I love thee!
Yup!
Oh, that lovely photo makes me homesick - lived not far from Westport for many, many years. Love the Buddha quote...
We need inspiration in these dark times. Thanks.

Thank you for your service, integrity, & love for this country. We could use a few more like you! Your commitment to truth is so important.
Okay. Now you are making me jealous. Can I come visit?

Buddha was an obese diabetic, he certainly didn't know the truth. You hosed HILLARY now lie down in the bed you made.
To paraphrase the Buddha....don't try to steal elections from the American people.  They don't like it.  They'll getcha.
Run Comey, Run! You and @SallyQYates. 
That would be an awesome ticket.
... be long hidden: the sun; the moon; and the truth. 
Hoping it is so.

BREAKING: Special counsel Mueller removes top F.B.I. agent from his investigation into Russian election meddling after the Justice Department’s inspector general began examining whether the agent sent text messages that expressed anti-Trump political views - NY Times



Oh jimmy. #joblessjimmy
I don’t normally support Republicans, but when I do, it’s James Comey and Robert Mueller.
Neither are Republicans. Try and keep up. 
Comey was a registered Republican for the majority of his life. Mueller was selected to serve under George W. Bush.

It speaks to how politically extreme your party has become that you disown the moderates with an intellectually weak “no true scotsman” fallacy.
The same goes for McCain. In dissenting on moral grounds against a small fraction of legislation that has gone through congress while, in the vast majority of cases, voting conservatively on party lines, you have deemed him “Republican in name only.” Your party has radicalized.
The Dems of today are, on the world stage, a right-leaning moderate party. The politics of America are so reflexively ultraconservative, and only more and more so in recent years, that I am reminded of the rise of the Italian fascist party and Benito Mussolini. Watch your step.
I believe the same. Hillary was a right-leaning Democrat.
The apt terminology I’ve heard to describe that is “neoliberal.”
https://goo.gl/XVlQXp  #janti Respect, man. Big bad butty respect...
Summer sunsets are for the LI Sound, winter sunsets for the Peconic Bay. https://www.instagram.com/p/BA8LsAgMPHI/ 
I respect your love of #TRUTH, Mr Comey but I just can't get over your failure to determine the #TRUTH before you undermined Clinton and gave us our fascist autocrat Trump. There is blood on your hands and shouting #TRUTH will not wash it away.
The other shoe has not dropped. If Clinton had won, the Russia entanglements could not have been made known. We haven't gotten that information yet. Hold on to your judgments for now.
Au contraire, Clinton was well aware of Russian entanglements and election interference. She would certainly have opened an investigation into #PutinsPuppet .
It's that time!
You speaking of truth?

The irony is rich.
Smug, sanctimonious, egotistical a** hat.
I bet Trump and his GOP handlers have no clue that your series of tweets recently have a lot of hidden meanings. Difference between class and crass? Your tweets have the former, Trump’s have the latter. Keep it up. I’ve always respected until the election screwup. You’re forgiven
Had Hillary won, we never would have gotten to the bottom of all the entanglements with Russia. The corruption is wider than just this WH Administration. Behind all this Russia mess is a massive conspiracy of the oil industrial complex!

You are respected and appreciated as a TRUE PATRIOT! 
I see the sun today. I saw the moon last night. Bring out the truth ASAP
very good. 3
RESPECT

EXCLUSIVE –  Two senior Justice Department officials have confirmed to Fox News that the department's Office of Inspector General is reviewing the role played in the Hillary Clinton email investigation by Peter Stzrok, a former deputy director for counterintelligence at the FBI
Love your words.
COMEY has the BEST words
Man, how the hell are u so damn tall?
I believe you're an honest man and I believe you.
Hillary may have been hurt by Mr. Comey's ability to practice integrity to a fault but I think Hillary could not overcome Russia messing with our election. Mr
Come, please never lose your integrity and morality.
Amen!

I want to see your face the day that tangerine assclown is escorted out of the WH. You got the ball rolling so we owe you a standing ovation.
and ....to quote the words of Maggie Haberman..."Somewhere, White House aides are screaming into pillows"
You are awesome!!  Can’t wait for the book.  Although I hope it’s not written in these proverbs
And the moon over our old barn is beautiful tonight
Tax bill, best markets ever, low unemployment, things are coming together Trump is doing a great job# Liberals can't accept it.## Obama was a Diaster.

Hey James you do really have a big ego for a functionary employee. What are you an account, a lawyer. You are a functionary. Did you ever discover or invent something to improve the condition of mankind. Ever.
Le Farm for dinner then?
The TRUTH is that Long Island is ground zero for the racketeering #covertops syndicate w/ whole neighborhoods wired up so that no one can go outside without it being known by the #gangstalkers. #TargetedIndividuals are used to train the malfunctioning subhumans in these gangs.
You go Jim Comey. Best thing that has happened to this country in generations.
Our great country is impoverished by the lack (hopefully only temporarily) of your presence in our government leadership. Be well.
Enjoy your popcorn, sir.

well said...and after Trump's early morning Twitter tirade today, the truth will come soon enough.
Can’t wait for the truth to come out on you!!
Justice is coming for us all. Just wait
Thank you for your service to our country . We heard you, we believe you and we have the utmost respect for you and the @fbi. You are a true american patriot. You never deserved to be treated the way you were. #Justice #Resistance #ItsMuellerTime
indeed we all look forward to more truth soon, unless it is about ourselves. the mind is a fickle thing and the human existence is tenuous at best. hope your truth is as good as you believe it is. good luck with that.

I always liked that one.
Cheers, James.
Comey Yates 2020; or Yates Comey 2020, whatevs.
You are back!
Love
Let's hope those wire taps had ironclad legit basis (wouldn't want to get involved in conspiracy to undermine a president). Don't forget the leaks.
And the lies the devil conceals beneath his double tongue!
notice that shade is only thrown in a way that doesnt comment on the investigation
Namaste, James.
Or "rather", i see the divine spark in you, sir. 

Godspeed.
Subtle digs are the best! #Impeach45
The truth sometimes could take longer to be revealed than the 24 cycle of the sun and moon... but, of course, actually is immediate!
your the best!

Buddy, you are one patient man.
Your measure with twitter is to be admired. I appreciate you!

So James Comey watches Teen Wolf... Who knew?
are you running for President? Because come on already if so. If you take him down I might forgive you for throwing the election
You are standing in front of the childhood home of my wife,@NicholeBernier Hope you are at peace- great place, #compobeach  @comey
The  , the , the Truth. And bless you, Sir.
i think i'm in love...
Exactly how haappy are you right now? I mean, really? Could you be anymore happy right now?? Lol
God was bored by him
Truth will not be flattering to you James!
Seriously, I can’t wait to read your book
The Buddha - Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, moon & truth.
That is some prophetic shade 

Among other terrible grounds like the Raping of our Nation of our $$$$

Muller has got the Pawn - Papadapoulos, Knight - Flynn. Muller has indicted the Bishop - Manafort. The King - Trump is checkmated. This chess game will be over earlier than I thought.

.@SpeakerRyan-Multiple folks from the Hill tell me Trump plans on firing Mueller. Everyone who retweets this wants you to get off your ass and #FireproofMueller immediately.
Ah, nice.
One get's the impression you're needling someone, but I can't figure out who it could be...
My psychic powers are fuzzy here, too. All my visions show are an ugly orange quivering blob and a bottle of Russian Vodka.
That's a breathtaking view and very peaceful. I could look at that all day long. Thanks for sharing  #IStandWithComey #JamesComeyIsAPatriot #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#TrumpIsACrook
Thank u Comey! COMEY FOR PRESIDENT !!! PRETTY PLEEEEEEEEASE
One hand washes the other before we eat. Literally. Not in the manner you meant. 

Wow your weed is primo.
Boy , you sure gave up your man card. Once a power broker , now an Instagram Poet.
Trolling like a boss
James Comey ‘Emperor with No Clothes,’ Says Former FBI Assistant Director After Gloating Bible Verse Post
Very pretty and I appreciate poetry and bible passages, I really do.  However, you provided some of the fire, I for one can't forget that.
I'm starting to think you really are delusional. It's like you're turning into crazy Jim Carey. Scary!

Confucius say:  Sessions gonna take you down.
You’re NOT above the law How did you get to top position @FBI with only 12 years in the field?? Bill Clinton  How’d you become a multi millionaire?? Bill Clinton 
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. Buddha

@realDonaldTrump is the candle which fires the #MAGA flames
THE SUN, THE MOON, AND @realDonaldTrump's OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE TWEET!!!!

I'm loving it.  Keep on speaking up.
Time for some subtweeting...
Thank you
Sweet - glad you’re enjoying life’s many splendours
Pls don’t redirect us from Twitter to Instagram to see the rest of your future petty Trump posts!
Keep fighting, James! You are one of my heroes. Can't wait for your book.
Comey you are as big a traitor as the country has ever seen. As we now know from fbi emails, when bill and attorney general had their illegal meeting you facilitated it and then tried to punish the whistleblower cop who told news org about it
Savage
The Lord Jesus also said, “come to me all of you who are heavy laden and I will give you rest” Matt 11:28.

“For the son of man”, Jesus “has come to seek and save the lost” Luke 19:10 literally to take us back to God. Trust in him alone and he will save you.
Hope @Comey gets a chance to stop in at @villagebagels Apparently, they miss him as much as he misses THEM...
OMG! You let 33,000 Hillary emails disappear, then did a no oath interview with her & facilitated meeting between Loretta & Bill. Then you leaked to @nytimes
As to your situation Mr Comey and in the words of Johnny Cash               “Well you may throw your rock and hide your hand
Workin' in the dark against your fellow man
But as sure as God made black and white
What's down in the dark will be brought to the light” @FoxNews
and the truth will set you free even if it gets you locked up @realDonaldTrump
Wow. Let that set in! 



According to liberals, talking to Russia about destroying ISIS is "collusion." But Hillary selling 20% of US uranium to Russia while Russian investors funneled $145 million into the Clinton Foundation isn't collusion? 
Currently quoting Buddha. All you need to do next is quote Hindu, then it would dawn on people that when you quoted Amos in the Bible, you weren’t rehearsing for Sunday School. It’s about justice on this current corrupt, lying and dangerous U.S. administration. I’m loving it!
One of my all time favorite sayings and so, so true. Congrats on screwing yourself Trump.
It's amazing you can be such a liar and quote such deep, moral musings at the same time.
peaceful
Your tweets restore my faith in America. Run for President 2020!!!!!
You definitely make this mess more enjoyable.
Just wondering if you noticed this Jim. 
It's Mueller Time! Trump Administration Season Ending
They gave you a real nice cameo appearance in it.   https://youtu.be/biehbIPqV8c  via @YouTube
I am so happy to see this after seeing how low he was with you when you were in California. But he needs to be even more humiliated and punished if we don't want other Trumps to be voted into the WH
All that and Buddha paraphrases too!
Does that include the tarmac corruption, bro?
The Buddha might have also said this, one man's truth is another man's lie...

