The scene of Benedict Arnold's crimes. Hmmm....
Great photo!
The scene of Benedict Arnold's crimes. Hmmm....
Boom!
Speaking of boom, is his pal @benjaminwittes getting the cannon ready??
I sure hope so. We are due.
is that a signal?
commie your a lying dirtbag snake in the grass..
Hello Sir! Love it!  Nice place for camping with friends. I have so much respect with you, Sir! 
Jig, I might be approved as a follower of R Niebuhr now. I just clicked and it doesn’t say pending anymore. Still can’t wait for the book.
Yes, he removed the lock. I’m looking forward to reading JBC’s book...And when it’s an audio, I’ll listen. Love your voice, Sir! 
Me too. He has a nice way about him. Every time he says “Lordy,” let’s click “Like.”
Absolutely... Oh Lordy! 
. Very interesting photo!
Wow awe awe how beautiful #Hudson & entire #earth #world #environment have #human #animals #children #nature #trees blue #sky, sea, ocean everything #BLUE meaning #happiness #peace #love #unity making us #healthy with #healthyliving #equality of #life #Thanks #God #Blessings Amen
Do you KAYAK in the Potomac's MATHER GORGE?
Beautiful view! Glad you are well. Please continue in the fight to save us from madness. Much respect to you!
U at West Point! HA I thought they already had their quota of #TRAITORS & COMMUNISTS there??
And, to what hate group do you belong?
The " the traitor in-chief" is no longer in office, but I agree...he knows a lot about him! ;)
I love your reverence of nature. 
Your fruitless bombshell prior to election really hurts the environment.
You are credited with Trump win.
James Comey, Are you sure Hillary is not with you?
must be terrorist compound if dirty cop comeys there need to hang for treason ruined FBI
I hope this is who I think it is because I'm pretty stoked you tweeted! 
I haven't forgotten this quote & whenever you're ready I'm all ears or eyes for that matter.


I kayak up there every year. Up to Bear Mountain Bridge. So beautiful.
My favorite river
Me figuring out if theres a deeper meaning or if he just had a lovely day on the Hudson...
2 tweets and >7000 followers? I call bot...
It's really him.
I'll just climb into a hole and die now...
I love that area, grew up near there
Sir, don’t pay attention to the deranged Trumpers. They infect every decent thread with their same dumb arguments. Most are real trash.
So what you're telling us is: Mueller is the lone kayaker over a river of treasonous information... right?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Mr. Comey.   You are a patriot and were a dedicated public servant.  I wish you many days of serenity like this one.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?

A beautiful place to spend an afternoon while enjoying all the Academy signifies. DUTY HONOR COUNTRY.
Makes me think of a book by James Patterson that revolves around just this scene!!
Right up the river from me!

Hope you'll tweet more, sir. America needs more voices like yours right now. Peace.
A criminal? How so?
Your not sticking around to talk? Awww...
Don’t know if this is a hoax or ? So I will keep it simple. Your integrity, dignity, good character & courageous honesty is sorely missed 
If this is Mr. Comey, thank you. You give us hope that we may still get our beloved country back from this monster.
You are a corrupt FBI director.
Why don’t u jump in the lake and stay there ? J Edgar Comey
what Hypnosis?
I think you are a bit wacky...  sorry but no proof he was hypnotized...
Wow
Thank you for standing up for what you know is right! We all feel safer knowing you (& others like you) are fighting for this country! (hi!)
Comey - I have so much dirt on you it's going to make your wife's head spin
You had a hand in this ... a rather heavy hand.
The. Hudson Valley has been amazing this fall
Care to chime in tonight?
We believe in you,Save us..
Moscow on the Hudson
Up a Creek???  Great job setting up Bob "Uranium Mule" Mueller.  Thanks for spotlighting him.  #Covfefe
WOW Mueller gonna clean up the mess ...Hillary would have..Leftover librel ?? How many times have you leaked..O.K. ur book waste of time WOW
Keep doing the right thing. 
;)
You were doing a great job regardless of his opinion.
How did the FBI miss the communist infiltration at West Point? Did they lack "intent", like your pal Hillary?
He who controlled the Hudson would win the war.
I used to do a bit of business in NJ from the UK. I was very pleasantly surprised when I took a day trip to West Point. Lovely area!
Kayakers learn to balance how to be carried by the currents & how to use one’s individual oar as necessary. #Niebuhr #SerenityPrayer
Reinhold Niebuhr=Jim Comey=ethically bankrupt/karma compromiser!! Being near, snake in the grass compromises ones own KARMA! #mostcorruptDOJ
Someone out there has been unknowingly photographed by James Comey. CREEPY.
Comey is writing, does he feel as alone as the kayaker?
I don't see a paddle.......
Moscow On The Hudson. Much harder than he thought?
One syllable short of a haiku.
Natural beauty at its best!! We have a house on the Mississippi River, peace 
save our country.   save us Jim.
That's neat. Perfect photo.

up a creek without a paddle.

SOO I SEE YOU WENT KAYAKING ...I LOVE KAYAKING...JUST BE CAREFUL...THE WATERGATE ENTRANCE I NEAR.
It is beautiful.
The water is to calm..
and clean
Reporting you to the FBI tip line. You and Hillary should rot in prison for your remaining years.
Paying your respects to Benedict Arnold are you?
I'd watch u don't end up in the Clinton body count!
You are a complex and mystifying person.
#GoNavyBeatArmy 
What a peaceful and majestic scenery. Only learnt about this through the WaPo, which I actually loathe... https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/acts-of-faith/wp/2017/10/23/why-did-james-comey-name-his-secret-twitter-account-reinhold-niebuhr-heres-what-we-know/ …
You know, it was a little scary to like this gorgeous photo of a beautiful spot on the Hudson by an unknown. #Comey
All of you kissimg Comey's butt sound ridiculous. Left or Right, you should realize he is a corrupt. SMH.
We LOVE OUR @realDonaldTrump LOVE HIM..and he if any1 thinks he's going anywhere....
Comey may be part of a treasonous world of illegal ops kept from American public but now has a chance to really help the world! #impeach
kept it in my pocket for a few days. did anyone else get it?
My hood!
next time stop by the house and I’ll make you some lunch
*waving from across the river*
Nice.
Foreign advers. attacking America (Russia) Hudson r. significant 2 Protect (chains =Internet) multiple breaches. New Chain against current?
“2 examine every kind of vessel that approaches this garrison & none 2 go over the chain w/o they have pp. from the governor of the state”
This is beautiful
You make me sick. My father went 2 West Point & was a Captain in the Army. He would have called u what ur a traitor #comeyrealtwitter
From the corrupt FBI guy....
I'm hot with you! Stop by and you've got a ticket to ride, on me. The valley is beautiful!  Enjoy retirement & go fishing.
Rogue wh advisor lol
Aww.. home. I hope you enjoyed the Hudson valley! I grew up there, I miss it. Beautiful pic, hope you went to Bannerman's Island!! 
Love it there...
I think you may have a job offer at New York Times classifieds. Promo to Obits in one year.
Can't wait to see this weasel get his comeuppance.
Well well well, except fbi loser sending out cryptic messages. How sweet
Right down the river from us.  Enjoy our beautiful weather!
These tweets show that the former FBI director is unstable and dangerous.
and Trump's tweets make him seem...normal?!!  Behahahahahaha. I choose Comey if it's a sanity comparison!!
Real question no evil intent to anyone.
What is the structure on the hill across the"river". 
Does the weather match and shadows? none?
Yup.
I would love to be sitting by that water or walking thru the cornfield in another of your photos. PEACE is what I need. TY for the pics
So jealous. Looks sweet.
I think I see Paul McCartney walking barefoot in the trees across the river
Is this a not so very subtle warning or prediction?......
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Colby …
The Benedict Arnold here is James Comey, disgraced former FBI Director and professional LIAR to Congress and the American People
Save us.
I looked at the Hudson for 4 years almost that exact location
They wouldn’t let UR sry a$$ in USMA. UR not well liked there.
6. IMO this photo is #FalseFlag #RedHerring another #ComeyLie
5. Is "Constitution Island" significant? Probably not because there are no large white buildings on Const. Island.
4. Railroad tracks. everywhere visible from West Point Acad. except one place: Constitution Island. The tracks bend behind the island.
3. Study the satellite photos of West Point the Hudson and the opposite river bank. http://www.maphill.com/united-states/new-york/orange-county/west-point/detailed-maps/detailed-satellite-map/ … Notice anything?
2. Study the river bank and the large white building with pillars...the only building in view.
1. This picture was not taken at the West Point Academy. This is not what the Hudson looks like from West Point. http://www.maphill.com/united-states/new-york/orange-county/west-point/detailed-maps/detailed-satellite-map/ …
We need you, James. We are all praying for you.
Do tell about the building up on the hill.
Think it’s an old Vanderbuolt house.
Good times. Enjoy!
Thank you for all your service, sir.
" PT Get Some " #RowRowRowUrBoat

General William Tecumseh Sherman would find himself always returning there as it was the place that most defined what he would be.
Hey - Comey - one word:  PERJURY
If this is Comey...you should be thinking about your coming indictment.
This makes me homesick. I grew up in Highland Falls. My family saw you @ W&M Parents' Weekend. Hope your daughter joins Tribe too!
...about to get sent up the river?
May I ask why you all think this account is James Comey?
https://gizmodo.com/this-is-almost-certainly-james-comey-s-twitter-account-1793843641 …  someone figured him out
Thank you.  So worth knowing.
Thank You 
Clinton's mission was to save Gen. Burgoyne but failed resulting in surrender to the continental army. #lockherup
General CLINTON's Hudson river campaign in 1779 was initially successful but doomed to failure.  #LockHerUp
You must have the extra long kayak.
Enjoy cause the truth is coming and they will be coming for you
Miss the Hudson so much. Thx for this.
@wsbuck

Enjoy!
Oh Lordy!
Why did you lie under oath?
Hello, sir.
Liar
Love that place.
Beautiful. Philosophical!
"The sad duty of politics is to establish justice in a sinful world."
-Reinhold Niebuhr
#LMFAO 
Love you so much! You are missed!
Here comes the fired @FBI director
I would like to take you as my second husband.  Blink twice if you are into it.
Glad u were fired. Should have haopened on day one. What a disgrace. Hope the kayak sinks next time. #MAGA
Looks so peaceful.
Bless you for your service, Mr. C!
Jim are you a Led Zeppelin fan? Every time I hear the song 'Your Time Is Gonna Come' I can't help but think of BHO, HRC, etc., and you Jim.
Hey there Jimmy. The dogs of justice are beying and biting at the air of corruption that U stink of. YOUR day is soon
That part of NY is so pretty in the Fall. The Hudson Valley.
a little pug love to all...
I hope someone has a good perimeter 
Za naszą i waszą wolność
I hope this isn't a threat to either Pompeo or Brennan...
Faith Hope Love LuckHave a Wonderful Day
Thank you for all that you do.
What a beautiful area?
I see the V. Might that be the impending victory we can all look forward to? What a great photograph. Thank you.
I hope the fishing is good for said kayaker.
Director as a grad of Iliff in Denver I'm interested in your choice of Niebuhr as your account name. And thoughts you could share?
There is something of the artist in @FormerBu, in his seeing things from many perspectives. That's my pitch for the  biopic!
Thank you for saving our Democracy
Nice kayak!
Comey has a chance to go down in history as one of democracy's greatest defenders. I have faith that he will. #comeyismyhomie
What does ur mental floor exercise routine consist of when faced w/ACTUAL evidence, implicating BLATANT treason by HRC, Comey, BHO, etc. ?
LORDY!!! If it’s you,I do hope you & yours are well ... & Holy!WTF America right?  9 months in &  has landed on the 1st level Hell 
my husband misses you...
you gave him a lot of hope.
Comey & Mueller sittin' in a tree...
Right where they belong!

Nice photo! Would love to be that kayaker.
Time to reflect on how you totally screwed the Hillary “investigation”?? She’s still walking the streets. A civilian wld be in jail. Hmmmmmm
Looks peaceful, enjoy!
I'm torn.. Do I send this?
Or this?
Not sure what to send the guy that gave everything.
Sir, thank you!
I don't know who this @FormerBu is, but that pic makes me crave wood FIRED pizza with 
Feta
Bacon &
Iced tea
Lol, scroll down on his page.  You'll figure it out :)
I can only see 3 tweets, but the ppl he follows tell an interesting story.
Benedict Arnold!!!
