Please be Comey...

We need someone yelling across Twitter:

THE WHITEHATS ARE COMING!!!
If the white hats show up, i am goimg to start SOBBING WITH RELIEF.
Just as long as they're not wearing white hoods.
Amen, brother
Where the 20th Maine gave the last full measure of devotion.
20th Maine was on the flank.  NYS and PA units held those positions.
You can tell from the Union line position from that photo? Because I just meant they were at LRT.
Yes, it's shot straight on from the Valley of Death.  The castle monument on the left is the 140th NY.  20th ME is on the right flank of it.
Thank you!
No problem!  I love Chamberlain too, but everyone overlooks Strong Vincent and GK Warren.
Nice to see former FBI Director Comey appreciates the sacrifices of the 20th Maine at Little Round Top.
That’s the Warren/NYS monuments.  20th ME is on the flank of the hill and can’t be seen from this angle.
Yes I know, I've been there, the battle is famous for Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain's bayonet charge, 20th Maine key to defense of hill.
The battle is famous for being the high water mark of the CSA.  That's one one part of the battle and one part of Chamberlain's story.
Had the Cornfeds got a few batteries up there it could have been a whole diff game for the outcome of the war.
Doubtful.  They would have bled out in front of Battery Stephens in front of DC.
Isn’t that the place Jubal Early was stopped?
Indeed.  If Lee won at G-burg, he would have had to attack DC.  Never would have broken those defenses.
Leadership & Values you never had
A Benedict Arnold reference, yesterday, an Alabama Brigade reference, today.  This is amazing.
Couldn't yesterday's also have been a reference to the Battle of the Clintons?
This is all merely speculation, but man...wouldn't it be awesome?
Well I definitely agree with the Gettysburg stuff, just wondering about the picture from yesterday of the highlands taken from West Point.
Benedict Arnold, was given command of the Fort @ West Point before it became "West Point." It was Arnold's intention to give this to Brits.
I’m surprised the ground and ramble beneath you.
Odd fun fact...general Meade was born on same day as my child and died on same day I was born.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth upon this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal we are met on a great battlefield of that war
My great, great grandfather’s brother was there fighting with the 16th Michigan alongside the 20th Maine. Unfortunately, the 16th Mich was more open to gunfire.  He had just become a second Lt.  My sister found a letter in the archives in DC that he wrote before Gettysburg.
@benjaminwittes I was there with my daughter's class two days after the November 2017 election. Such a thought provoking place.
Just in case you didn't get your year wrong, could you come get me and take me time traveling with you?
oops, it's been such a rough year I can't keep simple facts straight. And yes to a new election!
..what a fraud.
Values? Like leaking information through a 3rd party that was not cleared? Lmao
I love these gems! Please keep going, sir.
Leadership and values?? You have no idea what those words mean. You put America in danger. You deserve to be in prison.
“Beauty is truth, truth beauty, -that is all / ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.” (John Keats, 1819)
I have finished reading your book. Thanks for sharing your story and insights. The political war on our American 
 values is raging. May God bless America. DMH, Ph.D.
A good place to think about leadership and values would of been when you where lying to protect Hilary. 
hopefully you'll remember this beauty when we lock you up where you belong!!!
Precisely Jim, your Leader Boss Loretta instructed you to call Hillary Email & Server Crimes “A Matter”. 

Spill the beans on how truly corrupt Loretta was and they’ll go easy on ya Jimmy.
Sir...you should be ashamed of yourself. Selling the country out the way you did. And as far as I can see, you have no morals or values. But! Your day will come.
LIKE THE VALUES OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP & THE STRENGTH OF THE US BUSINESS PROPRIETORS THAT ELECTED DONALD J TRUMP!
Your behavior betrayed every person that died at this location

Keep pretending, Comey....
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
You know nothing of leadership and values. You know corruption and tyranny. After this entire episode is over and the corruption has been exposed, you will god own in history as a traitor.

Yea about that leadership as Dir of FBI....what’s in it for you to protect Clinton’s so much    disgrace to those in place to uphold laws
The best leaders are the ones who yell Follow me boys! After the order to fix bayonets is given. Chamberlain was a remarkable leader and Man. I think that you are also. 

His Grace is sufficient

Wishing you all the best.
why didn't you ?
4 score, and 7 yrs ago, our fathers brought forth a new nation,  conceived in liberty,  and dedicated to the propersision, that all nations conceived.  Carved my initials on a desk top in the 5th grade.  I had to know and recite the Gettysburg address.   54 yrs later, I can.
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN JAMES?!! IS THIS A MESSAGE OF HOPE?! OF JUSTICE?!  OR JUST A NOICE SPOT TO HANG IN G-TOWN?!!
It's another picture dated 7/7/17, the day Trump and Putin met at the G20.
So what does it mean then? Something is coming?
LORDY ARE THERE TAPES?!

Sir, what can regular people do to hasten bringing the criminals to justice? I call Congress & protest - what else should I be doing?
I don't speak Russian, I'm not a forensic accountant or a prosecutor, but I would scrub Bob Mueller's toilet if I thought it would help.
Important to listen to intelligence and people with experience before making decisions that impact so many. If only we had such leadership.
Unlike General Lee, who refused to listen to his generals and thought he could fight the battle like any other. Good lesson, that!
Or when Lees Major Gen @ the battle, like Hood, went off course, he led in opposite direction he was given by experts! Eerily like 45 in all
#TuesdayThoughts

Yeah...

That's Where Confederates (Democrat's) From Alabama Got Their Asses Kicked Up One Side & Down the Other By a Small Group of Union Sharp Shooters - Which Essentially Ended the Civil War

Fitting, if Not Freudian, That You Bring This Up 

#Jackass 
How did your first time feel?
Did you figure out your values might be different from voters values?
You can do that in prison as well.
Maybe in your office, sitting behind your desk was a better place for those thoughts.  Now you're out in the woods like crooked hillary was.  When is your book coming out?
The site where the Union successfully held back a Confederate assault.  Love it!
I haven't visited that spot before, but I certainly plan to go there one of these days.
Can I just spend a day talking about leadership and values with you?
Or who was Source D on the Steele Dossier?
When this say's "perversions",like Clinton, Harvey or Podesta type perversions???Asking for a friend.  Dammit, no kidtoucher emoji!!!
You do good job for Kremlin boss Nicolai. Very good job. Were is my Kremlin troll emoji. Hahaha!!!
Just for you dear comrade 
Hmm.   West Point yesterday and now Gettysburg. What's the connection?  Is the calvary coming?  Please....
It's another picture dated 7/7/17, the day Trump and Putin met at the G20.
How do you know the picture date?
You can see this image's metadata here http://metapicz.com/#landing?imgsrc=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Fmedia%2FDMhUVcIUEAADzYO%3Fformat%3Djpg …
Thanks!

Trump probably wants to build a tower there...
Or a golf course...unless it has natural resources then that would be reason enough to destroy both beauty and history.
You have a career in stand up comedy.
Good idea. Think abt what u cld have done differently, what u didnt hve to do; what you shld hve done? You went wrong in so many directions....do u have time?
Near as I can tell yours are in your a**
Keep thinking
Which values would those be... the flavor of the month values
James, you need to find your brain cause you done lost your mind. You're done. You're leadership lead us into so much of this shit. Get a local Sheriff job, if you can.
Oh please. Did they pay you to say that
Both of which you don’t have
When you sold your soul to the Obama/Clinton corruption ring...allowed them to destroy democracy. Allowed them to avoid their crimes. LEADERSHIP You failed at and You are not allowed to breathe the word VALUES.
You exonerated Hillary 2 months before interviewing her, yea tell me more about “values”
A little late for that isn't it? Maybe you should have visited earlier in your career.
Actually was just there not long ago - Hope you visited Lincoln’s Eternal flame of unity and where your place is in that 
You have neither!
Did you happen to magically discover any values while there?  #FBICorruption #FBI #Comey #corrupt #HillaryShill
To bad you don't understand what leadership is.
Too bad you butcher the English language.
You ruined the FBIs reputation, all to save Clinton. Who paid u i wonder
@Comey YOU ARE A DISGRACE
You are a disgrace you POS!! I'm waiting for the FBI TO SERVE JUSTICE TO YOU! Then I will know all of the FBI isn't corrupt like YOU!!
Leadership is the process by which “you” can influence others in order to accomplish an objective but in your case you seem to have been coerced
You should have spent more time there
Dirtiest Cop in America!!
History, one of my favorite subjects. Always gives me pause.
We need to talk about that...
Little Round Top, Gettysburg. Good place to think about leadership and values. 
They died so you could stomp all over the Rule of Law. Please read us some more Bible verses you clown.
You are an embarrassment to the Department and the Country. Go find a rock and slither under it.
Trump is President another great day in America!!!
Hahaha! You are hysterical!!!!
Lady Liberty, West Point, now Gettysburg is this your way of saying your about to be placed under house arrest?
What the fuck are you doing there then?
You’re weird! I hope you go to prison!
You need to be thinking about your cellmate...
You really gotta stop.
You should habe visited that place 8 hours a day with "leading" the FBI.
#Fraud
Maybe you should take a class on leadership and values since you have none. And take #Muller with you Thanks
You should have thought of that when you were working for Hillary.
Prison. 

Good place to think about your crimes and  your lack of conscience.
Looks like your conscious is speaking to you. Come clean and try to salvage what’s left of your dignity. What Americans know so far shows what your value$ are. #ClintonCrimes
You are a crook! Know nothing about leadership.
Dude - what is your deal?
The leadership demonstrated on that fateful hill his beyond your comprehension, traitor.
Leadership:
Which you clearly did not do concerning Hillary Clinton.
Good place to dig a hole and bury yourself.
Do you have any?
Exactly, and that's why a true leader, @realDonaldTrump had the value to fire your ass because you clearly lacked both! You partisan hack!! Sad you took down the good, hard-working ppl of the department with you & stained the FBI forever.
Hallowed  Ground. Good place to repent too! Not judging just saying...
How DARE you walk where Good Men Walked.
You tarnished the FBI and the Country for years to come 
You will hopefully be in PRISON , you lying  Political HACK that ruined a once great organization @FBI
Kidding right?
My goodness - first it would be nice if you had these qualities - are you standing there empty headed?
You have abandoned leadership, you have shame our FBI agent & agency. You was the wrong person to discuss leadership, you demonstrate the worse in our country. Bad what you did by giving a pass to a high criminal when she shut had gone to jail 
Shame on you Comey. You have helped destroy the trust people use to have in the FBI. You lied, leaked info, and are cause of getting your friend appointed special council  (which is a sham) and wasting taxpayer dollars. You will always be remembered as crooked!
Yes. Think about the leadership you lacked
Is that where the bodies are buried?
Didn't take long then did it.
Perhaps you should have visited more often and spent some quality time thinking about leadership and values.
Don't besmirch the memory of the brave men who died here! They had honor.
Good place to think about what you'll be missing out while in prison.
You mean a good place to think about Hillary and how she got away with all her shenanigans?  Hope you got paid because I guarantee she is laughing at you.
Is there a #WhiteRabbit there? #FolllowTheWhiteRabbit
Try to trip and bump your head on one
Something you know nothing about clown 
I would pay a nickel for your book on “leadership” what a joke! Your destroyed the reputation of a once Great law enforcement agency.
Being lectured about leadership & values by the man who administered justice according to political party affiliation is like asking for dating advice from Harvey Weinstein. Yours & Mueller’s politicizing of the bureau is unforgivable.
Trey Gowdy refused to investigate a whistleblower assertion that Flynn was putting together a deal with Russia to build nuclear power plants in the Middle East and that Russia planned to use the spent fuel to make nuclear weapons. @TGowdySC
Like Mueller and Comey neglected to investigate Hillary’s financial windfall from the Uranium 1 deal?
That’s absolutely false.  9 agencies approved The Uranium One deal
The Clinton Foundation received $145 million in pledges and donations from original investors in Uranium One, prior to its sale to Rosatom. Furthermore, these donations were not disclosed at the time they were made, according to a 2015 story in the New York Times.
Comical Comey exemplifies what is wrong with government employees whose power goes to their heads.
He lied. He abused. And he thinks he is a leader? 
A stain on the honor of our country.

Pls stop walking around the country pondering your misdeeds. Americans are well aware of your actions and no book can eject them from memory
And what would you know about those things ? You're a disgrace to Our Country !
God does not turn justice over to a single man, none are worthy of that. You will never find peace until you make it right!
Leadership &Values?  You have neither Future Convict!
It is a sad day when leaders decide they can be judge, jury and the moral compass for everyone but themselves. I don't think you fully grasp the depth of deceit you have perpetrated, & the devastating effect it has had. You brought America down, & it wasn't your right to do that.
Eat shit traitor
You have betrayed everything the Union represented at Gettysburg. Never compare true heros to yourself. Comey you have violated the law you swore to protect with your actions and leaks and are not worthy od your US citizenship
Being a dirty cop (that you are) is not leadership and values....it is just being a dirty cop.
Leadership and values talk coming for you, the phony hack ??!! Hilarious ! Hang around with our President and maybe you'll learn what REAL leadership and values are all about !
Should e done that at the @FBI
You disgrace sacred ground you're treading on. What U know about values & leadership would fill a thimble. Yr career tanked 1st time U absolved HRC w/Whitewater. U sealed yr fate when U exhonerated HRC on 7/5/16. You leaked class. info many times. What turned you? $$$$? #Loser
Confess your sins and everyday will be like this experience. A clean conscience is marrow to the bones
I found you a spot.
Your goose was cooked in April 2016 when Obama decided that Hillary would skate.  How do you sleep knowing you folded like a napkin?
What would you know about either of those qualities?
Next time I read about you I hope the headline informs me that you have been sentenced to a long term in a prison like San Quentin!
Yeah Jim.  Gettysburg was quite "a matter ".   Loser!
I hope you find some
You need to just shut up and take up fishing of golf now -your tweets on leadership may win the 2017 ridiculous Award 
How dare you sully that hallowed ground with your trite remarks.

None of which you have
Neither of which you possess!  You’re a liar and fraud who led the FBI department into total ruin and distrust, shame on you.
James Comey is losing it. I don’t blame him. He played ball with the wrong people. I imagine he has many regrets.
Probably not, he have to have morals values to have regrets. He doesn't along with the whole OB & Clinton crowd!
I disagree partially. He got caught in the Clinton web. For his sake I hope he writes a tell all about what really happened.
Go and think. You have alot of it to do. Be ashamed while you're at it.
Did they drug test over at the FBI?
I imagine you have a lot of thinking to do on how to get either of those
The FBI has lost all credibility under your "leadership." You're not the only one who wishes you were stronger.
Looks who’s TALKING ! !
All these little introspective quotes will benefit you in prison.
I think this dude is using steganography to message with the deep state. @ThomasWictor
watching
It's a little too late don't ya think!
Leadership? You were a disgrace!  Values? You have NONE!!
What would you know about either?
You're one to talk about "Values..."
Right . A visit you clearly NEVER learned from if you’ve been there ! Your not an “Honest Leader “ you’re a corrupt lawyer & political hack ! Good Riddance
Let me know when you show real leadership as George Washington did at Valley Forge. Then tweet about it.   #I WontHoldMyBreath
Is that @FBI agent Peter Strzok under that rock?
Not surprised at your choice of learning experiences, because you apparently think your job was to be on one side or the other as a partisan. FBI is supposed to be impartial and non-political.
Sir you are a disgrace to every man and woman who's ever served in the FBI period or in uniform. You have no idea what it takes to lead or be a leader.
Liar and leaker. Enjoy your freedom while it lasts.
Think about getting ready to. GO TO PRISON!
Well you should definitely go there because you don’t have a clue about leadership integrity or values!
So was the South’s failure to take the hill due to  “extreme carelessness?” or “gross negligence”?
Give me a break - Leadership would have been prosecuting Hillary Clinton!
Maybe you should have thought about leadership & morals before you took the FBI down the toilet
You obviously were not thinking about “leadership and values” when you were the Director of the FBI.
Says the man responsible for the corruption of the FBI
is he throwing hints, see the building up in the woods there
You have destroyed the integrity of the agency that we as nation rely on, you are a disgrace! Karma will come around! YOU HAVE NO LEADERSHIP NOR VALUES!
Comey would have leaked Union battle plans to the "Daily Rebel," then referred to himself as "Honest James."
Bro please ur an embarrassment
You politicized the fbi
It would have been nice if you would done this while working in the FBI, maybe then you have chosen not to politicize your position...
2 things you really know nothing about flapjack
You must have done a drive by and not stopped because you really need to reflect your values you Clinton/Obama hack
Seems rather barron  now...hope you are really reflecting on your actions...
I alwAys looked up to fbi ... now just dissolutioned.....WHY.. WHY .. was it worth it.
Nice pic but we know you do not think & when you speak it has no value! Only thing you helped lead was America into a sewer!
A lot of people got killed there.
Something you know nothing about
So you took a stick photo off the internet to talk about leadership?
A secondary discussion can now be had about leaders that don't need props.
Of which you have none.
keep thinking Jimmy, keep thinking
Two things you know nothing about.
Of which @Comey has none. He and his criminal buddy Mueller helped tarnish the reputation of the FBI. Thank God you were fired.
