Either that’s Comey, or it’s a damn good imposter. Sweet.
Confirmed yes by @benjaminwittes 
I’ll take Benjamin’s word. He’d know.
It's on the news! Just look for yourself
Comey, if you are writing a book, Lordy I hope there's tapes!
Mr Comey sir
He's a Republican, is that right?
Never clear what Comey is: A traitor, a hero, a Dem , GOP, -- As DT likes to say "He's on all sides of everything" (or something like that)
I know. He makes me wanna scream lol. He blew it for the country but I really think he thought Hillary would win. I dono...
There's no figuring him out. If he somehow helps jail DT, I'm good with it at this point. ;)
Trump did nothing wrong, but Comey knows about #UraniumOne. Selling our country's uranium to Russia smells like treason.
Yep. And I'm pretty sure he'll take him down for obstruction at the very least. @mcsnurdrock
@AidanJohnson97 he’s running
I know you can't/won't/shouldn't talk about #trumprussia investigation. But I'd really like the answer to one ?  It'll wait for 4 #mueller
@blmohr Holy Cow! Benjamin was right! Good to see you! Keep tweeting to your peeps! We care!
Come back, Mr. Comey. @AGSchneiderman & @PreetBharara can't go through this alone.
Get out of the road, stupid.
When does his album drop?
Are you running??? Hence Iowa and sneakers????
What piece if crap this guy is.
Iowa hates your guts!
Cary: watch out for that crop duster plane.
This looks photoshopped to me
He was in my home state???????? Come back JIM COMEY!!
I’m in Iowa right now
Did you see comey??
No I truly missed out huh?  Would have loved that! Looks like he was up north. I was in Iowa City
Tweeting a copy of the Presidents tax returns would be *super* useful, ya handsome string bean of justice.

I thought that New Balance was the Trumpster shoe of choice.  Well , well!
You people that are excited to follow Comey have issues. He's LIED and he is part of the Uranium One deal, selling out America.
Much respect and support out here.
I cannot wait to read your book. I might take time off work just to read it.
I cant wait to read your book, we appreciate you for doing your job no matter which way it went.
Ask who took picture.  Interesting question
Good luck on your book What Happened part 2. Your name will forever be remembered as infamous.
Hi was that question for me?

Goodbye to you, from a grateful Iowan.
Watch out for that presidential limo heading straight towards you at a high rate of speed...
I would love to see you in office.  We can always use a person with integrity and knowledge.  Not much to choose from these days.....
Whoa.
Goddamnit Mr Wittes. This deserves a BOOM!
Possibly two
No boom booms. Lol
Skip to three
If you build it (a case against Donald Trump)
 they will come (the FBI to arrest Donald Trump)
Ya may wanna follow the news regarding Hillary & Russia, there maybe a there, there. A year of investigation & NOTHING! Wasting our money!
What did you think of the Benghazi investigations? Good use of funds?
Yes, of course. But to waste millions on trying to pin something on Trump solely out of desperation of the left to get Trump out of office is a total waste. Not gonna find anything. Benghazi had question marks from the git go... video? Nah
I hope you're getting paid to be this ignorant.
Ahhh, typical leftist response, degrading & name calling... so typical.
Typical rightist response, ignoring reality.

You'll have plenty of time to write in prison. If anyone buys your book, the money should go to pay for all the costs u put on tax payers
How did I miss that?
Old song, stepped right into : ‘Dead Skunk in the Middle of thee Road’.
Go J.Comey!
Gotta be kidding.  He should be in jail
We found u!!! God Bless u Jim Comey
your sick...
Very excited about Comey's next move (cc @darth)
I knew @darth couldn't be far away.
Mr. Comey reminds me of Jimmy Stewart in Mr. Smith goes to Washington.
He reminds me more of Judas Iscariot.
Mr. Comey, thanks for your service to America.  You've kept your head high and integrity higher through all of this.
I'm sure the President is not done with you.  Always remember that Truth and honestly wins in the long run.
I doubt you have any intention of running for office, but if you do, you have a supporter right hear.
#vomit
Didn’t get your flu shot, dear?
Vomiting from the flu? Obviously you aren't a doctor.
Stomach flu....AKA gastroenteritis.

Obviously you aren't a doctor.
Here's the reason James Comey came to Iowa:
#maga
He quotes Niebuhr's serenity prayer.  
Just keep speaking TRUTH
The fine ppl of #TheResistance rly want to hear your thoughts on our current presidential predicament
#JediWisdom 
He is a shill for the globalists and he lied under oath
Tell IT ALL BABE! We support you!
Please do we can’t wait to read the stories of corruption.
Disagree with some of what you did. Also respect you tremendously. Think you are a very decent good man. May be biased as a fellow Iowan:) Thank you for your service, your attempt to be as honorable as could be. You were in a tough spot. No one could have predicted...

Can we get Forrest Gump jogging by
Or Shoeless Joe emerging from a cornfield?
Here ya go :)
Lol is that shoeless joe on the left?
Yes, glad you noticed!
🖑GET NOW!!
you know what most are thinking....why does this have to be a deserted country road you're standing in the middle of...why can't it be I-95 during rush hour
This picture captures your persona
All of us from Iowa don't want you to come back. You have disgraced the FBI, the office of the President, and in general, you are just one pathetic excuse for a human.
Welcome back. Fun time.
didn’t age like you wanted it to did it
May Reinhold should be investigated for crimes against children for not going after the Bill @ @HillaryClinton!
hey Max your mother hates you. she told me just a few minutes ago “man do I sure hate my son Max”
Duh I knew that years ago!
 interesting. Rhinehold Niebuhr wrote the long version Serenity Prayer used in 12 step recovery program. Did Comey have an addiction ever?


#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
U corrupt STORK
I love that you are in the middle of the road.
Tweeting in useful waits. Tweeting good things and not over tweeting? Now that’s a novel concept. 
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @businessinsider
Yep, you’ll have much time to write!
I thought this was interesting

Seems Radcliffe was on to something.
Stay there pls! You ruined integrity of the FBI & that took some doing. Go suck up to the Clintons.  Suggestions 4 book title, I am a liar!
It isn't over untill justice is served. He's done a GREAT and GRIEVOUS harm to this country.
No, he’s stood for justice. Take your twisted bullshit to Russia.
no, he hasn't.
He's running
I hope he is. Because he will be decimated in any primary.
We love you sir, God speed!
SEE!  You're just in LOVE with Comey --- You're just a BUTT HURT LIBERAL and these are your BFF's

LOL Caught you!
Ahh, the tweet by Comey himself..... the hidden account.
It's AMAZING, liberal tweets to Comey! I find that typically liberal's love drama so they feel comfortable with dysfunction, explains 
Why they worship Comey, he had them on a roller coaster through out the elections
Only because Trump fired him. Everything he does will be wrong on their point of view. But if Hillary did it, that would be ok. 
You got that right!  SMH  They also love her emotional roller coaster ride
Yes!! When he pissed the dems off for reopening the investigation, they all wanted him fired. Trump does, and you hear the 
That's right, they are all irrational.. if they knew how to think 4 themselves,  they would like what Trump is doing but they listen 2 dims
Yes, and not knowing the dems will keep them low, because they dont care about them, .... ONLY VOTES!!
Hit the road a Jack and don’t ya come back no more
Wish you the best of luck! Looking forward to your book! Greetings from Bulgaria!
Can't wait for the chapter where U explain why you sent a letter suspecting HRC days before election, causing the sway in Trump's direction.
@caitgarrity

@CMassaro723
He looks so chill
His ass looks like negan
Omg
Just....bring it home. Take @realdonaldtRump down and visit him in jail
I look up to you and I'm thankful for everything you have done for this country.
stay right there stretch
And Iowa says "Good Riddance" to you, criminal. Go back and admit what you did and what Lynch did and all the rest.
are you in Iowa investigating uranium deals with the Russians?
So happy to see you back with us
Well hello Sir!
Please do!!
Comey is my homey
It's not over yet mrC. Keep writing. kINGS or pawns... Priest:)
Thank you for your service.
"END IT. OR IT WILL END YOU"
You should be in Jail!  Your corupt! Just like ur 3 buddies. Mueller! Rosenstien! Clinton's! More Iam sure.
Your so tall! I can see you from Texas!

Cool story, bro .. I wonder if they'll buy it.
If ur ever near Cleveland I'd buy u a cup of coffee!
Well I was close. I tweeted that I hoped you were on a tropical island somewhere waiting for Mueller to show up after the two of you save America. Iowa is cool too. Covered bridges and all. I hope you at least had a corona, so my hopes and dreams for you R not completely crushed
Mr. Comey I pray for your safty. I know you wanted to do the right thing. But the #CriminalMinds threatened you. Stay safe sir.

I guess Josh @joshtpm was right all along
does anyone know if Trump has followed this account? Or Donnie Jr?
Thank you for your service Mr. Comey
Aww Jimmy, I kinda feel bad for him. He's in a tough spot, who's ass to kiss and who's ass to spank? Politics is a hard road to travel.
Thanks for your service 
Experienced any mild nausea lately?
Please run for presidency in 2020!
You're a hero sir, many of us stand with you.
Hmmm.. Just like you tried to use your position at the FBI in "useful ways". You deserve jail.
Hey Reinhold, lied under oath lately?
They are cleaning out a cell at Gitmo for you.
Help us.  You owe us at least that much.
You'll have a lot of time to write.  #TickTock
Don't believe it for a second.
@scupcake3 @realPhillyChimp
I thought Iowa was taller.
I love grabbing a good book between the toilet paper and the water bottle section. 
Possible book title for you. #strangerthings
Nice...
You've served the country& the public so well, I don't think you could do anything in your life un-useful EVER! wtg, and welcome to Twitter
Time will come to spill the beans in a plea BARGAIN
the Great Corn State !
Regardless of the controversy over some of it decisions, Lordy I wish u were still here to help us. Bad gets to worst I believe you will b.
Found Melania
I enjoy the enigmatic silhouette cornfield picts.
I wish so TOO!
My daughter Fallon Johnson RIP! 1984-2007 UI Ames love those Cyclone's We miss you every day! Love Always Dad xoxoxo
Wait for the indictment. #lawyerup
At least he has New Balance!
Please stop in Chicago Friday for the UChicago Phoenix Society lunch. Bringing my 92 yr old dad. Would love to introduce you.

Don’t bother, you traitor.
We miss you. Stay safe.
Thank you Mr. Comey for your service. Looking forward reading your book!
Outstanding.  Now....fix this shit.
I was looking at your tweets and thought that America does need MORAL Leadership . I thought you might run for the Senate. and here just below where I was , I see you in IOWA . Are U still Registered Republican . I am Independent since 2004. RT 2 Mahramm  who likes u very much.
. This is why the FBIs reputation & integrity are gone. The fact u have no shame is disturbing. HC wasn’t worth it
Clovis is from Iowa.
Thanks Mr. Comey for proving our point that the FBI can not be trusted. You will forever be the poster child for “Bad Cops”.
I'm so confused
Please run.....give us hope.  Iowa the perfect place to start.
LORDY #ComeyDay I'm SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE! also just wondering why you *liked* a breitbart article from last year? questioning your judgement.
Helluva resume' you got going there...

Uranium One
Mueller
Memos
LEAKERS
IRS
Lynch
tarmac
Hard Drives
BlackBerries
SMASHED.
Immunity
Bleachbit
Perjury
Awan IT
DNC server?
DNC Fraud
Fusion GPS
FISA Warrants
UNMASKING
Obamagate
Huma
Weiner
UNSECURED server
Foundation
Pay 4 PLAY
he's running @daveweigel
When my kids grow up, I want them to be like Reinhold Niebuhr.
Iowa spelled backward is Awoi, which is native American for "I exonerated Hillary Clinton months before investigation finished."
What kind of camera did you use for this photo? There’s something different about it. I can’t put my finger on it. It looks photoshopped.
Mad respect for you!! Thank you!
Love it Mr. Comey. So happy to see you enjoying yourself.
Please do something to help. As a mother, I beg you. I hope your tweets are indeed very useful to the right people, within legal boundaries.
You remind me of Tom Hanks from the movie Castaway. 
“Running” shoes in Iowa? Excellent!
what a loser
@TownOfNewtownCT made workers sign a Non Disclosure Agreement. Diid Eric Holder or @HillaryClinton give them the idea? What say you?
Useful is to tell the truth.
tried to indict a ham sandwich but all he could come up with  was balony
I wish other's would think of using there word's only when they were wise truthful and with meaning, of course they would probably then have nothing to say!
you and Mueller should be in jail.  Uranium One and Clinton email scandal isn’t dead yet my friend
Hello bot
"Will try to tweet in useful ways."  This should be a universally-held standard.
New Balance...
Really? Writing any more classified, government memos for you to steal from the @FBI and release to the public? Writing any more memos prejudging a case in contradiction to your sworn testimony? Support @POTUS #MAGA
What a fraud
Good luck.
Kindred Spirit - Psycho:
I'd give up all the riches in the world & admit all my crimes/mistakes if it meant saving USA.
Choice: Greatest Patriot in 200 yrs OR weasel
Hey bud, remember when you presided over the FBI during an era of unprecedented corruption and you covered up for them? America remembers!
@HelenResists cruise home safely
It's you.
The only thing "useful" you could say would be to tell the truth.
Please leave my state and never return. Thanks.
Hope you're reflecting on how you punted the election to Trump. You're the reason my dad ended up not voting for HRC & abstaining altogether
They don’t have any federal prisons in Iowa?
I for one, not 'reviewing' ur tweets. Just enjoying ur breath fresh air. Ty.
manipulated photo? It has certainly been edited, but I'm not sure if it was just for the sake of aesthetics.
That iPhone encrypted?  *sigh*
Noticed standing at edge of no pass lane, it seems. Thoughtfully considers entering pass lane. Or arms folded, Comey no go zone?
And this why he was head of the FBI
So when did you know that the #TrumpDossier was backed by the hillary clinton campaign?
You belong in jail! You'll have plenty of time to think up cute tweets there! #LockHimUp
Iowas great isn’t it?!! Not for long though. @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley @RepRodBlum @IAGovernor are turning this beautiful state into shit
"Build it and he will come."
Really great photo. American art.
