You should heed your own advice
I admire you so much and thank you for your dedicated service to the FBI. I know you are missed!
Can't wait to get your book! You are a true Patriot and a fine, fine, man with a beautiful family and lots of agents who are really missing you now. I wish you the best of everything in the future! You are out of the swamp that has become D.C. 
Looking forward to seeing you on @colbertlateshow !
awww...I love this.
You lost me at Kaitlin Jenner.
Doesn't really do much to heal the partisan divide in our country if you discount an entire message based on the views of one single messenger within the group.
Well Caitlyn managed to discount the concerns & message of nearly all the lgbt community by supporting the disaster of an adfmin to which we are currently yoked. 
Yep...Caitlyn needs to have a seat. And not get up. #PutHerOnTimeOut
See my previous statement.
You want to heal a divide then stop forcing those most responsible for getting us here in our face. She destroyed the trust of our community. It's time people learn the consequences for loss of public trust&1 is they taint anything they're a part of for, at least, a near future.
So the answer is, therefore, discrediting any message, group, or organization based solely on their inclusion of her? That's reasonable /s.
Yes. I believe its reasonable as well.  Best thing she could do for any message is not take part. She should be focused on listening and learning anyway to avoid future dumbassery.
I knew you'd see my point.
"She should be focused on listening and learning anyway to avoid future dumbassery."

Hello, pot. Meet kettle.
A bit too speechy for me
Lol u put Tony Blair in there, that is some very good shit
Pure caca.....just like your legacy
Don’t know if you meant to quote scripture but you did.
Your word don't mean sqat,Comey.
You area a liar and the truth is not in you.
Wow, that's deep.
It also matters when you leak classified information,  and lie to Congress and the FISA court. Can’t wait to see you in cuffs
#LockThemUp #ObamaGate #FISAScandal
Agree, what you said on July 5, 2016 mattered to 60 million Americans. Just like changing  Hillary's criminal investigation into a MATTER!
You lied under oath
Ha ho ho ha ha he he ha ha ha ha ha he he he
What do Madeleine Albright and Caitlyn Jenner have in common with James Comey? 

A long long time ago, One used to be a man one used to be in Clinton's cabinet and Bruce won an Olympic medal.
Umm? Did you learn a lesson about being more careful about what you say James? I fucking hope so because the rest of us are paying for it.
How are you paying for it?  If you work, you have more money now.  Less fear of getting nuked.  More job opportunities.  How is it that you are paying for it?  Do tell.
Actually I'm not making more money because I'm not in the top income brackets, I am more fearful of being nuked, my voting rights are threatened,  my bodily autonomy is threatened. I'm lucky because I'm not an immigrant, Muslim, non white, elderly, have kids in school, etc.
You are a liar.  Everyone got a deduction.
No, we did not... and the National deficit is higher than it’s been since 2012, there’s that 
All presidencies accumulate debt but your guy has boasted that he will eliminate the debt, guess who has added BILLIONS already!!
You seem to have learned that the hard way. If only you could turn back time...
And the cradle will fall, it has started. McCabe , your fired. Starting to feel some heat coming your way.
Yes! #truth #speechmoves
The truth!
James James, you're right speech moves, specially when a person decides to walk to congress and talk just before election day. Thank you, now we've got donald trump & are been screw daily for any possible reason!

3 Bad Amigos- @JudicialWatch's Chris Farrell: Comey, Clapper & Brennan are truly self-anointed commissars. They’re operatives of the Deep State, who selectively leak and manipulate the public. @realDonaldTrump …
Just like your speech about HRC Investigation. The one that changed our history. I hope you admit you made a mistake.

DON THE CON- -  WEASEL - - IN OUR WHITE HOUSE HAS DAY CARE FOR THEE WEASEL
Are you serious with this shit?

You should never have spoken about HRC just before the election without mentioning the Russian meddling in it and the investigation tying it to tRump. Lordy! That's how YOUR speech let Russia win. Thanks, a-hole!
You seem to be forgetting McConnells role.
Mconnell's role is important however Comey was the one who just HAD to run to Congress to say "Hold the presses!" only to say a few days later "Nevermind". By then the damage was done.
McConnell knew before than and blocked the release of the information. 

Read Comeys testimony, he clearly says that other things were national security that he couldn't talk about 

McConnell never said a peep.
However Comey peeped, and peeped quite vociferously. Forget McConnell. He's but a slug in the garden. Comey was the bulldozer that plowed over the flowers only to let the weeds grow.
And McConnell blocked the release of information and said nothing. 

It's far more involved than what you are presenting
Again, McConnell played his part. Comey played the US electorate. If he would've stayed as hush about HRC as he did on tRump, we wouldn't be having this debate.
McConnell played the US electorate.
Perhaps you should have considered this before speaking about Hillary’s second email dump.
Uh oh Comie. The house o cards has began ! Your next ! Your corruption will not be forgotten by the American people !!!!
My Dad an Army Vet. always told me the only thing a person owns is their word.  If no one can trust your words, you own nothing and your soul is poor.  Oorah USMC Vet. Honor Courage Commitment!#VetsAgainstTrump #MARINESagainstTrump
Who speech ppl who think like u ? And rest of us should b silenced ! Give it up already !
AFTER INVESTIGATION TRUMP TRAIN DE-RAIL'S---TRUMP AND ASSOCIATE'S-TRADE-ROLLEX'S FOR HANDCUFFS GO TO PRISON RYAN,. Mc Connell INCLUDED
In your case it’s also what you don’t say but hide from the public
Thanks for continuing to say all you do.  Your voice is important!
Hey Ed, taking into consideration the Feds seized your home for running those scam websites, I'd think you'd be smart enough to not like James Comey.  Guess not....  Once a criminal always a criminal... @realDonaldTrump #InternetBillOfRights #GreatAwakening #WeThePeople #QAnon
Ewwwwwwww Madeleine War Criminal Albright Really??
Is this your cryptic admission to perjury Jim?
No it’s his way of getting publicity to sell his books
Bingo!
 Nicely said, Mr. Comey.  We all need to be more cognizant of how we wield our voice. Like a sword, our words can be used for good or bad. The choice is up to each of us each moment: do we choose to thrash out blindly at the world, or use our words with honor?
While this public statement represents liberal voices, all other voices matter as well. Social Media is presently subverting conservative voices.. The voices of forgotten American’s, particularly those in Middle America did make their voices heard when they voted for Trump/Pence.
No. Bots were purged. You guys just dont know the difference between reality and half baked conspiracy theories. Look something up other than Hillary memes.
It matters when the head of the FBI colludes with traitors to rig an election and then lies to the American people about it.
Idiot. Bot.
Do you consider everyone a bot who see the massive corruption that has taken over the alphabet agencies? 
Boy, oh, boy do I got bad news for you.

When you are on the losing side of a tweet, accuse the other of being a bot.
Yep. Accuse and block. I swear these people are so far removed from reality. I used to feel bad for them. Now, not so much. 
So, tell the truth! Always!
Not always, only when it “validates” a narrative
Will USA be saved? Or we will have a dictator?  Frightened
See a therapist.
Hahahaha. Thank you. I send you thoughts and prayers.
You're Christian?
What, only Christians pray?
Sort of.  There is only one true God, so only Jews or Christian's pray.
And you get to say which is the true god I guess.
It's the same God http://worshipped.by  Jews, Muslims and Christians.
Weasel is the right word for Comey
Like the OPR saying McCabe needs to be fired? Oh right, we don’t want to talk about that. Can’t wait to read the IG report...not your book.
Your buddy Andrew is in trouble, lol.  #NoPensionForMcCabe

Shouldn’t you switch out Comey for Trump, or Dump or Rump, or orange clown? Take your pick, they all fit
Sure thing, bucko
You are a patriot sir.
#SpeechMoves Tolerance and empathy move me. The universal need for it scares me, but the universal push for it gives me promise.
You have a racist pinned to your Twitter feed.
?
Andrew McCabe admits you lied under oath

ICYMI - You're not too tall to go to prison

James Comey
My book of Memorialized Lies
- My Epic Fall from FBI Director to Prison Dishwasher

Book signing 6 pm
Guantanamo Bay
Cell Block (C)*

*(C) is for alphabetical paragraphs

#MAGA 
Beauty
Why is Jenner in there? Sigh
TOUCHE!
True. We need a #InternetBillOfRights to prevent censorship and protect our first amendment. I highly encourage everyone to sign this petition to get @realDonaldTrump eyes on this matter. http://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/inter …
Was that the former cast members from the Star Wars bar scene.
 I can't stop laughing!!!
Jesus said, “Woe be unto you if ALL men say good things of you.” Getting hammered Left and Right, I’d say you’re in a pretty honorable spot.
No matter who you are and what you say the Office of Professional Responsibility will  uncover your corruption.
might have known you would associate with those bloodthirsty criminals. #LockComeyUp
Bruce Jenner ? Really ? You just lost me .
I realize there is a lot of negative comments about this , however , I would like to say that the message portrayed is important. No matter the platform , there are millions who need to know what they have to say matters. Thank you again
Can’t wait till you go to prison.
How about when you were telling a fisa court judge that you wanted to spy on Americans using a dossier paid for by the DNC and Hillary Clinton.

I'll bet you that was a pretty cool speech
You are filth. #Jail4You
You are a disgrace. You disgraced yourself and the thousands of good hardworking employees of the FBI. You ruined the reputation of that organization.
Thank you, Director Comey
Apparently, big 6'9" Jim Comey is afraid to answer questions from @seanhannity ! Very telling! Tick-tock, tick-tock!
Not for the Government and this now fascist country. If you are poor and coloured, you are F...no matter what. We have not had a true democracy for decades, and probably never had it. What is happening now is even worse than in Hitler Europle.
The poor are always fucked, in every society that has ever existed and always have been and probably always will be. But I agree, the government is not working in our best interest, but literally in the interest of the highest bidder..
You should take that advice. So glad you were fired!
I think you're very handsome in this video James! Jennifer & Savannah 
Yes... and you are a liar
I had my last ever conversation with my (tragically now deceased) 26 year old nephew in July 2017. He worked for the FBI and had met you. He confirmed (for me)your leadership, integrity and commitment to this country.  
Thank you. THANK YOU.
45’s hourly lies will move him out of office.
That's right. It matters even more when you lie, as you will soon find out.
IN 2016 RIGHT BEBORE THE ELECTION I HAD INSIDERS ALLOVER MY SOCIAL ACCOUNTS ROBBING MY ANUNNAKI CONNECTION ROBBING MY NIBIRU TECHNOLOGY FOR THEIR  POLITICAL ADVANCES WILE COMMITTING CRIMES AGAINST ME AND CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY NOT PERMITTING ME TO EVEN USE MY OWN SOCIAL ACCOUNTS
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha

yes, and so do bowels. #SoDoBowels
Not
Wow, those are really words of wisdom.  You're a total disgrace to the FBI and our nation.  I hope you look good in stripes.
Humanity, love, kindness, and honesty moves me
Son of a bitch, who knew
The Bible says life and death are in the power of the tongue. Proverbs 18:21
This guy had something to say and you blocked him. 
1/ In honor of being #BlockedByComey, here is a thread of tweets to define what "higher loyalty" REALLY means to HIM. #ReleaseTheMemo #SecretSociety 
Comey For Prison 2018
Dump for prison 2018
Speech of lies in your case

As well as what you DONT say, which in your case is more applicable
http://www.investmentwatchblog.com/fbi-director-comey-is-a-board-member-of-clinton-foundation-connected-bank-hsbc/ …
Slug...
Yes, and what you said under oath to Congress appears to be a lie.  Isn't the penalty for that up to five years in prison? #comeyperjury

Wtf was that you dope
and twisting a non-politician's words is unethical but carry on with your remarkable "ethical leadership" lectures.
James Comey, I am most definitely a fan of yours, but this time you’re wrong.  Nothing has happened to Trump no matter what he says.
It was Madeleine Albright that said, “I believe the President.” We aren’t sitting out here in LaLa Land.

It is not that speech moves...it is about what it moves you towards. It is not about speech validating, but what it is used to validate. Believing in the tool without understanding the motive & method it is used for is vague foolishness.
Actions speak louder than words so imma go with words don't matter; in the end, actions do
In that case, I can't wait to see you behind bars.
I do agree...like the statement you made about the Russia dossier being "unverified and salacious" yet you allowed it into the most secretive court of law in the USA.  So does this mean your tesimony in front of congress will come back to haunt you?  #MAGA @POTUS
This would have been good lesson for you in 2016. Sigh.
Hahaha. FACTS
Words that have no meaning with the cabal/Comey: Patriot, sovereignty. Morality, rule of law, justice, constitutionality.

They prefer: traitor, world rule, nihilism, anarchy, lawlessness, pay to play, UN.

The deep state will be eradicated or we all die at their hands.
#Qanon

It certainly does!
Into void I cast these thoughts, these complexities I call words.
Like ships on sea, they are received in various ways and recognition.
Where I might mean blue, some perceived red.
Yet, all I have are words.
Without words, I am void.
I cherish them.
You should remember that before you threaten the President.
Lynn missing her meds again? Tut tut
We know what you say especially since you  only lie and protect your globalist handlers.  Hope to see you in orange soon.  You may not be as untouchable as you think. #LockThemAllUp
We need you Mr Comey...help our country...

Words can damage
What moves me? The truth. We both know evil can’t directly lie though. It’s the “law”. You just hide or stretch the truth to build your narrative. Such as this post. If you’re evil, no matter who you are, you are evil. What you say gives intent. What’s yours?
I hope that's true it is hard not to loose hope with this white house and the Republicans who cover for this President
You liked under oath!!! Nothing else to be said.... It's coming!!!
Lord. Look down and weed these people out. Truth will tell. The more docs that come out the worse it looks. Stonewalling is a sure sign you have something to hide. It will end and the truth is coming!!
How ironic.
ok dad
Speech teaches.
Fascism uses political correctness to silence it’s opposition...
Too bad this is the age of Trump!!!!
JAMES COMEY FOR PRESIDENT
Correction. Only the truth matters. Something you know little about. #DirtyCop
Actually don't think dirty as much as byproduct of white male hetero privilige, hell look Caitlyn...surgery did remove MISOGYNY left male privilige behind!
Sorry, but weak.

Free speech is at the root of every innovation, every progress. It challenges dogma, and holds the tyrant to account.

And it's the only way, to do that without violence. 
#FreeSpeechAbsolutism.
True. Freedom of speech is wonderful.
Dumb commercial but it shows who James Comey is. A wanna b celebrity ~ how embarrassing for our country. As if any American thinks he speaks a single word of truth or has any dignity left. What's your comment on #McCabefired ? Silence I see. Go sell your book like u sold the @fbi
Why didn’t Andy put the $700k funneled to wife from HRC on his finiancial disclosure statement? Hum? Did you fire him for not doing so? Nope? You disgust the MAJORITY of agents in the field! Know/Live w/that! U allowed them 2 corrupt the FBI like they did DOJ and IRS 4 politics!
You were moved to take quick revenge against a president who fired you for cause. He was right to do so. 

Everything since then has been treason.

You must hate the voters of your country and the shrewd selection they made.
 
Thankfully they are far more decent than you.
@Comey and it can come back to haunt you
Especially under oath. Lol.
What you say matters unless you you want Hillary helps accountable.
Like what YOU said UNDER OATH? Then McCabe completely CONTRAINDICATED you. Time to stay quiet James. You’re digging a deeper hole for yourself. 
DEEPSTATE will be ended in this country.
We got you out of the SWAMP & MCCABE. hahahahaha
Matter(s) or investigation !
yes. stupidly written speech in a letter to congress moves people in stupid ways. #speechmoves
#speechmoves 1000's from most diverse US campus learned transportable resilience building practice. Let's meet @coffeeshops, generate sense of belonging, build critical thinking skills, drive prosocial volunteering thru story telling groups. Just ask! Prove how much they matter.
YES! That's why I have a @YouTube channel. Because what I say DOES matter.

I'm reading your book. On page 12 I came to the chilling realization that if you were a few "shadeys" darker, you wouldn't have lived to tell the story. Believe me!

https://youtu.be/jolyY9Fen9I 

#IamCovfefe
What you did matters more Jimmy you should be ashamed
I’d say your going to jail!!! If it matters hopefully you’ll get charged
How inane.
Awesome!!
Do the nation a favor just #SHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhh You're done here, go away. You've sucked the GOVT tit long enough for the last time pal. #TRUMP2020 #DrainingTheSwamp #MAGA with or without your kind.
Comey, we haven’t forgotten that you threw Hilz under the bus. She was no prize but she was better than Trumpov. Did the Russians give you a nice pension for that job well done? Mueller should look into that, too.
How is Andy ?  .
Absolutely!!
Yes it does matter because TRUTH is coming for each one of you bastards. Brought to you by our sponsors called “Justice”
What moves me is the beings of this earth  using speech for the good of all humanity. No Hate speech, No Bullies, No lies.....
Are you still here?
Good one!
The way you handled the Hillary Clinton emails changed a presidential election & has damaged our democracy. Shame on you.
@Comey
#speechmoves
You needing free promo for your book?  Free speech goes both ways!!!
Jenner looks horrible!
Even matters for a sociopath ?
Thanks 
Mr. Comey 

INSPIRATION

A word that changes the individual and multiplies exponentially because it Elevates
Honors
Encourages
Strengthens
Challenges
Affirms
Each human soul and spirit
THE CREATOR is the 
source of ALL inspiration 
And the good in our fallen humanity
K
America knows this all too well! It's what we day Jimbo that shows our character!!
Look in the mirror and repeat that 1000 x, Jimbo
Mr. J ./ No Man is an Island 
Sometimes I have to look twice to make sure you are not a parody account?
Are you going to use these tweets as proof of insanity when you enter a plea?
Agreed! 
Never forget!!!!
Shhhh... you’re off your rocker if you think you can lie to Congress and meddle in our elections with your God complex, and get away with it. You have a right to remain silent. I suggest you do.
How true sir, how true. Our experiment, these United States, is the shining city on a hill (Winthrop); but this creature is tarnishing what has been built almost 250years ago. Saddens me greatly. I personally thank you for your service to our country.


Well that's nice of you to say James, especially when your comments about Hillary Clinton as FBI director BEFORE the election certainly DID matter.
Criminal
Truth matters,  lying to Congress also matters!  Spying on the duly elected president also matters, we call it treason!
Yep. @Comey  Better be sure to pack your cufflinks and soap-on-a-rope with your orange jumpsuit for that one-way trip to Leavenworth!!!!
Give your advice to your “prez” Dump
You're speech is going to move you right into a cell. Enjoy your incarceration.
Still disagree 

#StellarWind
Guess that is why you are a liar
Really??? Like Madeline Albright wanting to send women to a special place in hell if they didn't vote for HRC - like that kind of speech? This is a joke
