Do you admit in the book to being responsible for this mess?
I’d like to know, too. He is not forgiven for the shoddy, unprofessional way the email non-scandal was handled.
Not to me. I don't like Hillary, but that was unprofessional any borderline unconscionable.

Look what it helped to do to the world.
I disagree.  I think he made the best decisions that he could at the time.
Mind you, I'm not trashing Comey. I just think that, especially considering the timing, it was a poor decision. Recall that Trump was also under investigation at the time, but he didn't say a word about him. Perhaps he didn't want to tip his hand. I don't know.
Trump seems worse.
I believe that he had no choice.
Or felt he had no choice.  Either way, he did best he could.  I believe he has good principles.
He does seem to me, also, as a good man.
I imagine the only people remotely interested in listening to this garbage are the same idiots who payed for @MichaelWolffNYC shit gossip compilation.
How's it feel knowing you bent over for Hillary? Imagine what creepy shit this man has been into with these deep state troglodyte's. Shameful. You gave zero credibility.
Can’t wait to read this.  Audio book means that Trump can read it too.
Hey now! Audiobooks are a great way to consume edifying literature.
Trump can listen to the audio book while tweeting atop his porcelain throne... Lol
Heavens, help us! 
Bonus if there's 18½ minutes of static
Homey Comey,

Your crib at Leavenworth will be much smaller.
#lockupcomey #crookedcomey
Boy Howdy!
What a disgrace
Oh goody
I hope you like manlove and have stocked up on the Vaseline cause you will be needing it soon enough. who knows you may decide to go through gender reassignment after Bubba puts it to you. How did a pussy like you ever get a badge? no worries wife will move on
#JamesComey You Should Be In Jail
You:
LIED To The AMERICAN PPL
Allowed Evidence To Be Destroyed & Gave IMMUNITY To The GUILTY
LIED To A #FISA Court Judge
LEAKED INFO To The @nytimes
ABUSED Your Power
Have Cost Taxpayers Millions Investigating What You Knew Was A  LIE.
#McCabe
My current theory is Coup d'etat. Trump is a moron unfamiliar with the rule or bounds of law. Surrounded by Patreus, Flynn, ,Manafort he bought swampland from corrupt intel allegience, Office of Prez not real seat of power. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coup_d%27%C3%A9tat#Use_of_the_phrase …
all lies from a triator
Going for the insanity plea to get off from criminal charges, aren't ya? Not gonna work. Lordy it's not gonna work!
“TrumpsWhiteHouseSquirrel”. That’s funny. THAT “HOUSE” DOESNT BELONG TO TRUMP OR HIS REGIME!!
It does for the next 7 years.

And that may just be the beginning.

@IvankaTrump may be the first female president.
I’m thinking Russia will b the one to decide if she runs or not!! They did it for daddy, so ya never know!
That's better than Mexico.

At least the Russians won't poop outside of Home Depot.
Thank God for reverent people like yourself who put country first. Thank you for your service.
Spare me, please
The Comey #ResistTrump Movement was started by the CPUSA http://www.cpusa.org/resist-trump/ .  We know who and what Comey is, we just need to prosecute Comey for Sedition against the US Constitution & Collusion with #FBI & #DOJ against the Office of the POTUS @BreitbartNews @ABC @FoxNews
History will remember Comey as a Communist.
I want to listen to @Comey's soothing voice for several hours while looking at my copy of @PeteSouza's _Obama: An Intimate Portrait_ and drinking a really good bourbon.
And reflecting on how he threw the election to Trump?
I am unapologetic that not everyone is perfect in the face of unprecedented challenges to our democracy but I feel that @Comey did the best he knew how to at the time. So no.
Right on, Jeremy.  That's truth.  I also think Comey did the best he could at the time.  And yeah, we've never faced such adversity.  In my lifetime, at least.
Did you sleep through the Cold War Linda?
No, I didn't, but I knew we (mostly) had fairly good presidents at the helm.  I have no confidence in Donald Trump.  Worse than that.
Your just stupid
Duly noted - misspelling AND rude, along with nothing but your opinion that's based on NOTHING.
”And I swear, by the moon and the stars in the sky...” 
DO YOU SAY WHAT A #CORRUPT #COP YOU ARE IN YOUR AUDIO BOOK..
James, your humour is priceless
Joyfully gobsmacked, sir.  Thank you for your verbal service.
You are behaving very strange and everyone notices.
The Orange is going 2 go bananas at the idea of Mr. Comey trumping him in book/audio book sales! He'll be so blinded by rage & jealousy, he'll drop his own Pee-Pee tape, just so he can screech, "Iwon!Iwon!Iwon!" even as he's being hauled-off 2 prison. Nice.
Living in a fantasy world are we?
I can guarantee at least one sale. Bring it on.
Another sale right here!
Better make some money now to pay for your defense bc soon, God Willing, there will be an 8 digit prison cell # assigned to you Sir.
#JamesComey #AndrewMcCabe

Was the studio inside Trump Tower?
Lordy, that’s not the tape we were looking for.
waiting and ready to read the book.
How does it feel, James? Being the person who violated Bureau policy to not confirm or deny the existence of an investigation..such as the h-illary case? Covering your tracks, huh? Hang your head high for taking the f-b-i to its lowest point in history. You have 0 respect.
If the audio tape has you reading and quoting the real minds of the work, don’t bother! And to think one day a few years ago I actually respected you. Unfortunately times change and the true colors of you and the HRC cronies, makes me sick. Please don’t say or publish anything.
Just wait buddy. Your time is coming. And there will be plenty of friends waiting on you. They can’t wait to say “hi”. #JamesComey #Comey #ComeyCrimes #comeyforprison #LockHimUp #liar #LockHerUp #trump #maga
So cruel, sir.  So cruel! :)
I am excitedly waiting for your book.
that's code for 
You have probably listened to enough taped calls!
I hated you, blamed you, but I listened to your audiobook anyway. Then I read it again.  You’re a gem, Mr. Comey, and I want to be friends with Patrice.  Absolutely brilliant work.
I felt and feel very much as you do.
Lordy, I'm still hoping there is a tape.
Lordy, I wonder if there is a PeePee tape :)
I hope so, but I only want to see the reviews!
I'm with you...not even ready to see OurDonald naked...no, no, no.
HAHAHAHA 
I hope you get used to that confined space 
Hey, remember when you broke protocol to publically scold Hillary about her emails ...

While you kept Bernie's bank fraud and Trump's Russia investigation quiet.
love the book, so glad you decided to do your own audio
So this is not your highly anticipated duets album?
ooh, who do think the duets would be with and which classics would be belted out? “I Got You, Babe” with Mueller? Or You Don’t Bring Me Flowers” with Sessions?
Willie Nelson.
“To All The Presidents I’ve Served Before”
"And the trolls on Putin's Farm, To you, I sing this song..."
Unfortunately there aren't as many of them around anymore to enjoy the song. But some still lurk.
I hope the book explains how you let Hillary off the hook despite her commiting obvious crimes but did everything in your power to go after Trump. Not going to buy it to find out though.
Hillary spent hours answering questions and was found innocent. trump, on the other hand, just keeps firing people who have the goods on him. He was corrupt in his business and is corrupt in the WH. #obstructionofjustice
I don’t care .... #SorryNotSorry ... your arrogance in announcing you were reopening an investigation of HRC because of a laptop not belonging to her of which you had no warrant to search at the time .......which turned up nothing elected Trump 
You’re mistaken.
LIES ON TAPE IS A BORE ! IN FACT U ARE A BORE ! NEXT
Just finished the audio book. Thank you so much for writing this and despite issues I may agree or disagree with you on, I think you have integrity and served this nation as faithfully as you could. 

Keep fighting the bullies!
You did a fantastic job narrating! I got my copy of your book off of Audible, and love it!
Amazing.....could not put it down...Comey for President!
Currently 3/4 of the way thru the audiobook. REALLY enjoying it much more than I thought I would! Great job Mr. Comey! Congrats (thot it would be another political book like F&F). Great narration too.
I'm listening to now. Enjoying it.
My daughter thanks you for the audio book with your voice.
Now these are tapes no one will care to hear !
Not wasting my time
loving the book, which arrived yesterday...
I want the audio of this book
I'm enjoying every interview I hear with you--thank you for putting yourself out there.
"Lordy" are you a fraud.  Thank you for admitting that you are a liar.  I teach my children that liars are the worst of the worst.  They aren't "good people."  #BarbaraBush #TheFinalScandal #InfinityWar
Did you cry???  
I found your book in a garbage can, so I'm using the pages to wipe my ass.
nothing like getting as book deal on the backs of the Americans you sold out by letting Hillary Clinton go free to continue her corruption!
Leaker
Seriously? We're in deep peril because of you and you think it's all fun and games?
You don't give any of that credit to HRC ??  I believe she made some serious mistakes, and I insist she did the best she could, and probably better than any of us could have.
She made mistakes but ultimately lost by 77k votes out of 130 million cast. This guy deserves a heap of blame
Nothing to do with Russian interference ?? Or Guiliani and associates ??  I think I'll wait to hear Comey's reasoning, though I feel he was probably just following rules as closely as possible.
Comey was just part of what sank her, true. I’m just not giving him the benefit of the doubt.
Yeah, it's understandable, considering what happened.  I mean Trump.
Listened to it in two days. Fascinating journey , cannot wait to see where it goes. The very best of luck to you. Truth will out.
Wasted breath
Lordy  someone going to Prison.  Lordy be careful in the shower.   Dirtiest cop ever.  Smh.  History will remember you well
strike while the iron is hot,soon you will be a nobody.
(trump diss track)
Enjoying it nightly, and at the gym.
You should have taped Trump.
Listening to it right now.  Nice break from reading cases for grad school...
Awesome! Can’t wait to “hear” you! 
Hearing you read the book made all the difference! Thank you Mr.Comey, LOVE the book! #integritywins
<<<Should James Comey run for president in 2020?>>
Oh good grief.  you're just silly.
Omfg daddy
Daddy? This isn't the pee tape he's talking abour
look I have milquetoast old man issues don’t question me
That just raises further questions
Are you two a tag-team ??  I swear this is too conveniently cute.
A what?
Thanks for the chuckle, you three.
Disgraced EX FBI Director James Comey colluded with Obama DOJ & DNC in an illegal scheme to aid & abet a suspect in a crime that was under FBI investigation. Allowing the suspect to destroy evidence while they pretended to investigate.
No. I suspect you know that you are spouting crap.
Have you done it in audio for Atefa members because are mostly brain dead. @PrisonPlanet @realDonaldTrump @Nigel_Farage @JackPosobiec @Cernovich @DonaldJTrumpJr @infowars @kwilli1046
Thank you Mr. Comey for sabotaging Hillary Clinton's campaign, ensuring President Trump won, and then tricking the Dems into making you their hero!!
Imagine being vocally proud of Trump in February 2018

Holy fucking shit
More than half of America at this point according to Reuters polls. Oh. And be ready for 7 more years of this. Have a great day 
you're confusing your chickenshit town in Arkansas with half of America
Someone needs a hug
Around 30% of Real America approves of Trump. 
That’s nowhere near “more than half”. 
Facts don’t care if you don’t like them.
7 more years of complete fuckery?  Now I know why tigers eat their young.
Fuckery? Based on what? What is the fuckery? Best economy historically. Great international relations. Lowest unemployment rate for blacks since 2017. Stop watching cnn and msnbc man. They’re only interested in democrats having power. Diversify your intake of information.
Your post exhibits language that is similar to the bots/trolls that were purged from twitter.
Your comments, your screen name. Your intentions are transparent.
And your strategy is to use hate to expose hate? Your comments essentially repress those who have an opposing view as you. How do you see that as being productive?
Lets start by labeling someone "evil American-hating" because they possess different political ideologies....
How can one reply when behind the scenes,someone is taking them down before you can finish writing ??????????? You are a disgrace !!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you, Mr. Comey, for the Birthday present. You rock!
Hey Jim Please Repent Immediately Cuz we never know when its our turn and you don't want to be caught off Guard Please Jim Save You Soul ... Eternity Has No End God Please Bless James Comey And Bless His Loved One's Too Amen
Lordy yes! I can't wait to read/hear it.
WHILE YOU WAIT, GET RED PILLED WITH THIS:
Oh LORDY, I'm tired of being tortured by subverted government!! I'm dying under all the distortions, disregard and plausible deniability! Where is anyone while you play clueless?!! It's not worth my life! None of it is necessary! LORDY?
POTUS will meet dictator Kim Jong-un? The Americans,The Conservatives want to Impeach President Trump ASAP. SUPER HUGE TREASON,HUGE CRMINALS, SPECIAL PROSECUTOR ROBERT MULLER SHOULD MEET Trump for investigation NOW ASAP!!!
Can't wait. Love you James Come
You were too much Roman, not enough Catholic.
Wow, McCabe and Lynch disputes your claims...
President Trump praises Chinese leader Xi Jinping's power grab. “He’s now president for life. He was able to do that. I think it’s great. Maybe we’ll give that a shot some day.”
Welch, You should watch the video of President Trump saying what he did, so that you don't look as ignorant as the people who put this crap out to the public. President Trump CLEARLY made a joke, and followed it by saying, Now watch how the media twists this and blows this up..
Malignant narcissists often use jokes to vent inappropriate desires. And threats. This man of yours, Trump, has an excuse for everything. He is a loser. And he is humorless.
Your clear ignorance to facts and truth either shows how utterly stupid you are, or that you're nothing more than a sheep.. And well, either way it shows..
I have a PhD and I am a tiger.
Anyone with $10.95 can get a PhD.. So why brag about something that most likely come from a failed system.. Tiger? lmao! More like a lying..
It took me nearly eight years. And it was priceless. Gotta go, guy. Good luck.
Sad.. I bet it was a one year course, but took you 8 to master/pass it.. Have a great day..
Please please help set the record straight that obama and his team were dirty players.  I still have faith in you!  Sooo sad what’s going on in the Whitehouse.  I know you had to see what was REALLY going on!  Surely you want to help!
Woo-hoo! Can't wait, Mr. Comey.

#HillaryClinton Serenade
When the FBI Director gets fired so he posts jokes on twitter. Go Comey!
Selling BS to cover your legal fees?

The world is in a much darker place because of you. I will not support you financially. Don’t pretend to be a hero. Your October surprise was against regulation and your commentary inappropriate. Stop playing victim.
Shouldn't you be packing your bags for your " little sleepover"??

LORDY! You're in big trouble.
You have sullied yr image with yr book. You have stooped 2the level of Trump. Just because Trump likes 2play in the gutter, that was no reason for you 2frolic in the mud too. Not all was bad but you could have deleted the unnecessary salacious bits. @POTUS @FBI @newyorktimes110
Can't wait to buy it!
While I really could've done without Trump ever beating Hillary, maybe this was needed to root out some of Putin's fingers and eyes. Plus,  Comey does troll like a master. #MAGA

President Pence
James Comey the corrupt FBI director. Keeps memos to write a book. 2017 the year nobody trusts the FBI.....
Thanks for your service Director Comey!
Lordy @comey can we throw the #TrumpCrimeFamily in prison for life!?
Yessss!
Too funny.
Had a textbook responsibility to not interfere politically.  Should have erred on the side of caution and did both or neither.
Sir, your phrase will live on like John Dean’s “cancer on the Presidency.” Thank you for your courage and service.

Find me on Instagram Jim. I'm not in a corn field, in a studio, kissing cod, or am I breathing anything but pain! STOP IT! GOD DAMN YOU
So, “ GOOD ON YA, MATE!”  Between Sally Yates, Yours & Robert Mueller Ethical Leadership, we may just save Our Republic!  Now all our Nation needs is to continue this Youth Student Movement and follow their Courageous Lead to STOP THE INSANITY OF GUN VIOLENCE!  Alleluia!
bot
“Rather go to bed supperless and book less than rise in debt.”
-Benjamin Franklin
Will it be unmasking tape?
My Mom already made her request...I’m definitely buying it... thank you sir!
How many words are over 2 syllables? Just wondering if cadet bone spurs will have someone read it to him.
WHY did you spew Hillary emails B a few weeks prior to election?
WHY did you, as the Director of the FBI, NOT come forth about their meddling in the 2016 election prior to the election?
HUmmm are YOU going to explain: 1. Helped Trump win 2. Didn't warn us about Russians!
Why didn’t Obama do anything about the Russian meddling in our elections, he knew about it?
I wonder if you read your own guidelines? “Accuracy of information contained within FISA applications is of utmost importance. Only documented and verified information may be used to support FBI applications to the court" and MUST BE “thoroughly vetted and confirmed.” @POTUS
Jim you old so and so...
I already ordered it. I’m hoping I’ll hear about the one awful decision you made....
#FanNeedingSome’splainin’
Write another book when you’re in prison!you can writ thousand and thousands since you will be there last her!loat! Hillary Crooney!
You need more Valium sweetie or more southern comfort-
Lordy, you still talking? Unreal
does it ever occur to you that man is president because of you; if you hadnt done the Clinton announcements she would have won?
Still anticipating the arrival of the book. Should have it in April, I think.
We can’t wait to hear your side of the story. I know it will be a good read!
Plan on writing the in prison
On cassette tape? Oh, yeah, that will sell like hotcakes.

Nope, you aren’t my hero. You handed Trump the election. You influenced the 2016 Presidential election as much as Putin. Disgrace.
Where's the tapes Comey? Are you finally going to tell us where the tapes are?
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Somehow I always imagined those audiobook studios to be a bit... tidier?
You are a Soros paid criminal and don't think you are fooling anybody that doesnn't only follow the bought and paid for fake media, Mr. Phony
Oh, great.  We get to hear the lies right from the horse's mouth!!!!!
Andrew McCabe fired !
Haha always trolling.
You better double check.
I have an hour commute to work is an hour. This will make for some good listening
Neumann. Great microphone.
Take down the REPUBLICATIONS
The first family and the rest of the lying, cheating bunch
If the audiobook doesn't end with the sound of you choking to death on a chicken bone I don't want to listen to it
Got a Orange Jumpsuit waiting on you. Plenty of time to write books or do a Confession.
James, are you the narrator?
You could finish it in jail.. how rustic.
Good that you are getting this finished. You never know when some delay like an indictment might drop.
Who cares
This SOB who is involved in massive conspiracy cover and crimes of a coup against the incoming president is now giving America and the president the middle finger and now going to profit with his BS...

When will True Justice ever come and sweep these corrupt Crooks away to jail
If you get convicted will you not have to forfeit any profits from your tape or are the proceeds safe because you wrote it before getting sentenced.
can’t wait to buy your book...hope McCabe is writing one...
james @comey release the piss tape
We got the TV clip of u saying u can be fired by the President 2 bad u stuck up 4 Obama & Clinton & took little notes on our President the rookie of the Year political man u could easily have shown him the ropes instead you & buddies r destroying resisting fighting our President
I hope so shit...atleaat you are activley working on righting your wrongs. We all know you gave donny the extra push in the door. And stayd quiet about his colluding ways. I like you alot but #ImstillMadAf #AlwaysWithHER.
Don’t worry Jimmy, you can finish it in prison.  “KNOCK...KNOCK.” 
That reference had me chuckling! !!
Who cares

Looking forward to reading your book ! @Comey
Hahahahahahahaha.... sigh. Remember, there IS a tape of you and your two buds testifying. Just keep watching them and trying to find wiggle room. You know THEY are.
He's turning into a Kardashian.
Exciting good newsThanks! Putting it on top of my Audible wish list
Lordy, Comey is having a watershed moment and now thinks Trump was trying to influence him....What a bunch of crapo....  This is the biggest BS in the history of the US....
Mr. Comey seems ethical in the extreme, and I am grateful to him. We need truth-tellers.
Goodmornig to everyone, i will that their is only one thing that i don't agree with Mr trump and that's immigration policies,for the rest his doing a great great job by cleaning the swamp,which is NSA CIA FBI SENATE CAPITAL HILL FACEBOOK GOOGLE AND MANY MORE.
Where is the interview?  Can hardly waist to read it
Do you plan to have a chapter in it about Crooked McCabe who was just fired?   Truth, lies and leadership on display?
