Can’t wait!!! Your next musical will be “Jail House Rock”.
Staring the Orange Umpaluma and his merry band of crooks
Glad to see you took advantage of the ESL programs.

Thanks for celebration of those eternally valued human qualities when we rise together!!!
God bless you 
Mr. Comey
AND the FBI
During a confusing time !
God became OUR ROCK 
IN JESUS!
He spoke these qualities of love that
NEVER FAILS
This Okie wishes she lived nearby to see
He’s going to rot in hell!!!
All I can say is
WOW!!!

Peace I leave you 
YOU aren’t GOD
Neither am I

BUT 
I accepted HIS GRACE
In the person of Jesus
Mr. Comey seems a man of GRACE 
You just seem
ANGRY
Luv ya
2 much to argue 
Y’all 
PS
I ALWAYS like MY
TWEET


sad and pathetic.
Very nice role models and positive people. Making  music is very amazing. Have a very good weekend Happy Friday and Saturday to all and Sunday.  Humanity is great.

You leftist try so hard to pretend you actually care about others, we know you really don’t!
And for sure they are all liberals, so for SURE they are hypocrites too! The two things seem to go together like toast and jam!
You’re wearing a leather jacket! Quite a change of look for you, Director. 
Any you to be able to stand in any photo, know where you are standing, and standing out. :)  I always have be with the average size size peeps. 
@realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @RealJamesWoods @WhiteHouse @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
THERE ONCE WAS A DIRECTER NAMED COMEY, HE THOUGHT EVERYONE WAS HIS HOMIE....HE WROTE A FAKE BOOK, AND THOUGHT HE WAS OFF THE HOOK, BUT HE NOW HAS A FUTURE THATS GLOOMEY!!!!

Not the most diverse troupe.
sorry...
A real patriot would not try to predetermine the next President of the United States.  I have written my Congresspersons to ask for your prosecution and detention.
THERE ONCE WAS A DIRECTER NAMED COMEY, HE THOUGHT EVERYONE WAS HIS HOMIE....HE WROTE A FAKE BOOK, AND THOUGHT HE WAS OFF THE HOOK, BUT HE NOW HAS A FUTURE THATS GLOOMEY!!!!
You dont know what honor means.
Anyone who bothered to actually seek/read the long, boring but detailed FACTS surrounding Hillary's server/emails would realize there's NO THERE there. It was Washington being 20 yrs behind on tech and not tech savvy.  HRC was robbed. READ what happened
And I'd remind others that while her SECURE server was never hacked, the State Dept's email system was hacked 2 times during that period..
LMMFAO!!!!
Broadway?  Thats exactly where you need to hang out. Get some acting tips, because every time i watch your testimony under oath, your acting is SO BAD. You ooze with insincerity. Seriously, Jim, watch it.  So obvious.
And that nervous Nellie Rid Rosenstein, watch him figit with his papers as he lies and denies about giving Mueller wide perimeters.....It’s telling!
You rewatch congressional testimony? Lol, what a sad meaningless life you must live.
What do you live in a hole?  As usual, the left pays ZERO attention to what is really going on. If you were paying attention, you would know there are constant snippets of it available for your education. Until then, “Mr 1 follower”(talk about LOSER) you shouldnt even be voting!
Looking back on these videos show the lies they have already told and the cover ups for the other scandals that were magically dropped by the honest FBI, lol. Video Education from the actual people, are taboo for lizards, apparently. Stay ignorant......
Indeed. Its all on video. Contradiction after contradiction. They are too ate up to even know.  
They are eating themselves.
Enjoy your 15 mins crook.  Remember, what you have done was illegal.  You're a hypocrite and your career is a farce #companyman #willsayanything
Go see Come From Away amazing uplifting show about Newfoundland airport and townspeople on 9/11
Your next cast will be wearing prison stripes. Enjoy you phony leaker.
Really?
Patriots we need to start investigating every person in this picture. Find out who they are and start getting to work, I have a feeling we have some pizza goers here.
Your a joke Comey.
my 86 year old mother told me @TheBandsVisit  was the best play she has ever seen in her life. That is some review. She wants to see it again and I will go with her.
my mom also said Trump is the worst president in all of her 86 years.
Still waiting for the OIG report to come out, so you can change the story of your new book?  Intercourse you.
Glad ur having fun future potus. We miss your leadership!

Please comment on what this idiot @realDonaldTrump is saying. Please!!!!
Love my @realDonaldTrump !! The  true hero!!!  I’m so sorry you have to put with his crap! We’re   % behind you !!



That would be obama and Farrakhan.
Get out of my timeline bot!!!
You're a good man 
James, you better get in a few more shows while you are still a free man.
LOL. KEEP DREAMING ASSHAT
Lizard King, if you defend Comey then you need to change your name to Lizard Shit.
Instead of speaking about kindness and humanity and defending your decisions, perhaps it is time to use your public stature to speak up against Republican policies like this that are ultimately drive by Republican values.
THERE ONCE WAS A DIRECTER NAMED COMEY, HE THOUGHT EVERYONE WAS HIS HOMIE....HE WROTE A FAKE BOOK, AND THOUGHT HE WAS OFF THE HOOK, BUT HE NOW HAS A FUTURE THATS GLOOMEY!!!!
Hopefully it’s also about those who feel they are above the law


#boycottcomey
Your going to jail ! Can’t wait
more like ''the boys in the band''
You’re not fooling anyone Comey!  You’re a snake. You’re as low and dishonest as they come!  Have fun in prison!
My favorite thing is when I look for you in a picture and suddenly it dawns on me where the tallest person stands 
If we can charge comey with treason and we punish him hard we can legally then maybe we can deter future traitors.
if you look way in the back in the middle, that guy right there, he's been #loomered
All traits YOU Lack....
Sounds like you could learn a lot from this musical! Enjoy, before long you will be in jail! We can't have the DOJ INVESTIGATING THE DOJ. WE NEED A SECOND SPECIAL COUNSEL FOR THIS ONE!
I thought Jerry Garcia Died ???
Why would you honor Comey?? HE shows his HATE more than any kindness !!


@FBI @RealJamesWoods @RealJamesWoods @EricTrump @WhiteHouse @TuckerCarlson @w_terrence @VP @seanhannity @DiamondandSilk @foxandfriends @The_Trump_Train


I support #JamesComey good man you can see truth in him and not alternative facts!! Stand strong friend and this too shall pass.. @realDonaldTrump #Resist #BigotinChief #RepublicanParty
What?
What happened you don't know how to read I said what I said and I meant what I said!!!
Hook up with those libs baby. Your one of them now.



BREAKING: Former FBI agent Terry J. Albury has pleaded guilty to leaking classified documents to the media JUST LIKE JAMES COMEY DID. Terry J. Albury faces a likely sentence of approximately 3-5 years in prison.

…


Much better project for you. Something nice to do before you go to prison 
Do they know you are a lying traitor
Cross that show off my list if the cast is willing to be shown with you.


Oh something you know nothing about. You hypocrite.
comment in regard to you being jailed. Yes you’re a private citizen now after being terminated for poor performance. When the president speaks of being jailed he’s referring to the crimes you committed while head of fbi. Stop acting like a victim it’s pathetic @realDonaldTrump
How was his performance poor? What crimes did he commit?
For starters he leaned classified information and lied to Congress under oath
He didn’t. He released his own personal memos to the press as a newly private citizen, none of which contained classified information. What lie did he tell Congress?
Comey statedunder oath he never leaked information and never approved a leak. After the FBI fir e McCabe he made claims in his statement that he not only had authority to “share” sensitive information to the media but did so with the knowledge of “the director.”


Do you honestly think that if you write down an illogical reason for interfering in the election, and swinging it to Trump, while repeating that excuse like a mantra in interviews that it will magically make it okay?  It isn't.  You are a good man but have TERRIBLE judgment.
How is it illogical? No one can measure the actual effect of his actions on the election. So many other instances of truly poor judgement by other people led to that fork in the road. It’s a scapegoat HRC is riding. She made poor choices, so did Huma, and Wiener. Blame them more.
You can tell your a Good Man. It’s a shame you got caught up in this crazy admin. If it had been someone else, things could have been a lot better for You
JIM COMEY'S A PATHETIC SLIMEBALL PUNK BITCH SNITCH...
Kindness, hospitality and humanity - none of which James Comey is familiar with.
Who has been tanning and wearing goggles? @Comey has a man crush on Trump. #MAGA BITCH! 
Fakes.
#liar #Coward  #Corruption #corrupt #CorruptClintons
You're a criminal!
#Priggish @Comey
@Comey America’s Bad Cop. Disgraced our premier law enforcement of this country
Too bad you weren't wearing beige.....Think about it!
Lordy
You obviously didn’t learn much.
Maybe they can visit and show some kindness when you are in prison.
Hope you got to learn what it really means to have kindness, hospitality, and our common humanity.
I’m honored that @realDonaldTrump fired your immoral a**.
Listen to the widow of #BruceAder a man @Comey tried to frame when Comey was a teenager http://jenner1.com/comey.htm 
You need to add liar  and mob boss to your profile
Comey your tie is to short and your hands are to big. This is for your wife
Liar  
Man, being shamefully fired by the president seems to have been a great move for you. maybe we all should do this. #RandR
Congrats. You deserve so much. I wish well for you and your family.
Comey is a liar who admits to protecting Hillary Clinton because he thought she would be elected.
I saw it yesterday with my mother! It was a beautiful show about people seeing common ground and shared humanity.

It must be true because... Photoshop.
Enjoy!
All the qualities that you do not possess
Love for one another is what keeps US together.
Wait till they realize that you're the reason @HillaryClinton lost. Every one of them will come after  you like cats in heat.
Remember this


Common humanity? I see no one who looks like me.
Liberals are racists, look at Parkland!
I saw this over the Christmas holiday, truly one of the best plays ever!
That’s fitting......you are quite the actor yourself!
Your time is Comey you will soon join all those criminals you put away and they can make you there bitch  @DiamondandSilk @RepublicanBot47 @SheriffClarke @DeplorableDave8 @Jim_Jordan @lthomer175 @debdew2 @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @w_terrence @WhiteHouse @water
You lead our prestige Federal Bureau of investigation WTF . Oh wait Hillary need a dummy the pull the  strings @FBI @realDonaldTrump @lthomer175 @SheriffClarke @DiamondandSilk
I am sure those people are disgusted inside by you!
Why didn’t you release a memo about trump prior to the election like you did Hillary? Was he under investigation too? You secretly helping trump? Your book runs the risk of weakening a case against trump. You have enough experience to know that. Are you secretly helping trump?
You've inspired me to see it!
You'd be a little better at actiing than law enforcement, and more comfortable coming out with your sexual preference.
Take Obama with you. Maybe both of you will learn something.
#BitchyComey
P U T Z
It's amazing that you're a republican.
You are the man, we are with convey for the truth. Kick balls the betrayers
Lol!!! Soo you had to go to a play to know what those things are?  Demand your money back, you didn’t learn anything .
#TickTock
A tweet about virtue signalling
Kindness. Like your double standard. You elected this shit show that could ruin democracy.
I'll buy the book for 99 cents at the strand in a year. Maybe
You make me sick #ToweringInsaneo
Must EVERY sentence you write  ooze this sophomoric pretense?  You are every bit the rattling wagon
ABOUT HOSPITALITY? FROM RUTHLESS BASTARD THAT PRESIDED OVER KIDNAPPING LEGIT BUSINESSMEN & WOMEN &NEVER DID ANYTHING ABOUT DEEP SEATED CORRUPTION?

YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE & U ARE GOING2 ANSWER TO ME  4 YOUR FAILURES! 

YOU KNOW WHO I AM & YOU WON'T ESCAPE YOPUR FALLURE AS DIRECTOR!
Pay close attention.
wow. so white and no women...... #maga un like the Trump administration....

You wouldn’t know those 3 things if they hit you on the head.
you James Comey - You are dirty
Homo
You are a LIAR  James Comey
Soon it won't be safe for you on the streets. POTUS

Just give the word.

#POTUSKNIGHTS / #THEEND
Lucky you!!  Sounds like you've been busy since leaving the FBI, but I hope you are enjoying special time with family!
kindness, hospitality, and our common humanity... hope it rubs off.
#TwoWords  #DirtyCop
Sociopath. Traitor.
So it's a play about everything your not
Those are traits that so many Americans are losing. We need to bring those values back & live them. Thank you sir!

