To those asking about my terrible videography skills, remember:
- I made sure he didn’t know I was behind him 
- I was doing my best not to capture the faces of our security agents 
- I’m terrible at videography 
Comey is part of the problem
Yes .... best to get off twitter ASAP! Stat ... delete your account! Omg they are coming for you!!!!! 
Omg BWAAHHAA! @TamponsForTrump 
And periods for Pence
But the best part is watching you demented peeps loose it @realDonaldTrump IS YOUR PRESIDENT!!!! #BestPresidentEver #AmericaFirst #DeportIllegals #LockThemAllUp 
#TaxCuts
Further more, when I check the profile, 9 times out of 10 it lists first and foremost that the commenter is a Christian, which makes it all the more egregious.
Meanwhile, just because someone says they are a Christian, doesn’t mean they are. Love throwing some of that scripture back when someone REALLY isn’t walking the walk.
Right?  I spent 8 years in a Christian school.  I DO know which passages to quote back to them.
I'm glad we found him. He's quite a witty Twitter user and certainly gets under Donald Trumps skin
Why does everyone look happier after they leave this administration?
Because THEY ARE!!!!
Mr. Comey, go get the Donald! 
He’s escaping.
No bone spurs when the fat belly plays golf
“I’ll never golf again, if I become president. I’ll be working my ass off”. Today 


Sometimes I like to stay away from the Internet and news on the weekends, because ignorance is bliss. Honestly, though, what a piece of shit.
One day @Comey will be tweeting from a cell sitting next to Big Bubba.
Is Big Bubba your nickname?

So nice to see James Comey laugh...i wish him every great success in whatever he does!! Such a classy man!!!
Remember: he's also the one who violated precedence and announced the investigation into Clinton, as well as the October Surprise. He's got good points, but he had a lot to do with the outcome of that election.
No, he did not. He did send a classified memo to Congress, but it was Jason Chaffetz who released the top secret memo to the press illegally.  That may have something to do with Chaffetz 'retiring'.
Currently afflicting thousands of conversations about Comey... not enough people know he didn’t release the letter. He screwed up as FBI Director on occasion but he’s making amends now... ugh
People are clueless. Comey didn't screw up. The Hillary thing was planned to discredit the agency but Comey called their bluff. If he had done nothing it would have been used to show "bias" and the FBI could have been destroyed by it. Mr. Comey did the right thing.
Russian trolls incoming in 3, 2, 1...
Oh, shouldn’t they be rolling Faberge Easter eggs down the Kremlin lawn or something?
I agree!@Comey is so tall! It’s so nice to see you smiling, Sir!
Wait a minute, I just noticed: there’s a giant cardboard cutout of Ron Burgundy next to James @Comey in the FBI elevator.  This is hilarious! I love a good sense of humor.
I didn't notice til you mentioned it!
So who is lying, you or McCabe? 
How is it possible both are telling the truth when one contradicts the other?
Your source is The Blaze Tiso. They're known to twist facts, as I have no doubt you already know, and Mr. Comey never said he wasn't informed, he said he couldn't recall. Do you recall every conversation? I believe Sessions has a lot of those moments.
Dang he TALL
His head just barely missed the top of the door!
Seeing you go through doorways it’s clear you are taller in person. Knowing that you weren’t being videoed, it’s clear you are funnier in person too.
Remind us when your book is out? I want to change my twit profile pic back to you in honor of it.
Comey's memoir, a #AHigherLoyalty, will be released next week.

Lordy, I miss this guy!
Will you tell him to answer my DMs
I luv people that can take a joke about themselves. Imagine if that was Trump with a cutout of Stormy or numerous others to man tho to count.
LOL, you’re exactly right. If someone put a Stormy cutout in the infamous Trump Tower elevator, Trump would stroke out.
I love his laugh!!!! 
Thank you Mr. Comey for putting COUNTRY before PARTY!!!!
ahahahahah can't tell if this is serious?
Very serious.
Comey is trash and a proven liar.
No. He isn't.
Comey testified under oath he only met Obama once in 2016 and never after that but Susanne Rice's email that was leaked showed Obama met Comey in 2017.

He is a admitted leaker and liar and that is a FACT.
No. It isn't. Try harder.
I don't need to try harder.  He admitted it under oath to congress.  You can deny it doesn't mean it is true.  Its like you think if you say no enough times it becomes truth.
The man that fired Comey is a
Comey ran the FBI like a democratic outpost.  Time he goes to jail.
No, he didn't.
He most certainly did.   That is why McCabe got fired.
No, it isn't. Can we please not rehash this? I'm really tired of breaking it down for the conspiracy theory nutjobs.
Love love love his laugh 
Same
With just his laugh, you know this is a good guy, IMHO. @realDonaldTrump has never chuckled like @Comey!
Ever see trump smile?  It's so insincere it's unnerving.  Just like a true sociopath - they can only mimic emotions.
Trump looks like those guys who look like they're going to assault people...right before they do.
@Comey Nice smile!  A true professional and just another day...until the elevator!!!
I just realized that he almost hits his head in the doorways. I can't even imagine what it is like to be that tall! (I'm 5' tall.)
I'm 5' and shrinking! Lol!
That you made that joke, that he got it straight away & that his laugh was so sincere... sign of a good boss and a good man.

That’s a good laugh.  He seems even taller than usual.
That is one tall man.
My grandson calls Comey " America's Super Cop" 
He's already told me he's dressing up as him for Halloween this year.
Nice to hear him laugh!
Speaking of laughter...have you ever heard Trump give a full throated life? When I mention Hillary, PBO, Joe Biden, W, you can hear their laughs even right now. But Trump? Does he get humor?
No
And I find that very telling.
Comey your friend McCabe is now a proven liar and reports are he even lied to you.  My question is were you complicit in his lies?  Did you know about his leaking and lying or was your leadership even worse than we all thought?

Yes!  Comey is a snowflake.  Since snowflakes can only be liberals/democrats then I am thinking you are right.  He is a democrat!  Well done!
Lame comeback
Yours?
Why bother? You've chosen your side and decided the other side are all cheats and liars. Comebacks, arguments, facts... they're all useless when you're unwilling to consider them.
Getting closer to your demise. tick tock. Get lube. gonna need it.
Aw, you’re so kind to remind him of his car maintenance schedule! So thoughtful.
my goodness the humor of democrats here is so unique and hilarious.
Who’s a democrat here?
@joshscampbell is young, dumb and full of Comey. #corrupt #FBI #felon #enemy #treason #YoureFired
Dang, James @Comey you is a cutie pie.
Can't believe it has been a year. I was 1 of the first couple thousand, now over 800 thousand followers. We believe in you @Comey
@Comey @ashleyfeinberg 
Are those the missing emails in his bag?
Won’t be laughing when you’re being questioned about your lies, James.  You have the right to remain silent.
Lordy, I Love this Tape 
What a POS .. it must be book sales time
I watched the View today and even though  he was fired by trump I still believe he is a man of integrity.  And a good man. I believe every word he spoke and cannot wait to read his book but on another note , I love his smile , he was always so serious looking , his smile is, whew
He is an honorable man and i believe his account over Trump and the wayward GOP, they have lost all credibility. Not my party any more.
Still love Comey. Can't wait for him to be vindicated.
Can’t wait for your interview April 15th!!

Lying bitch
Aww.  That's adorable.  I remember signing up the day Reinhold was discovered.  It was hilarious seeing his response and trying to imagine the look on his face when he got back to his desk to find 8000+ new followers.
In this deeply divided Nation it is no small feat to get all sides to agree, yet all agree you’re nuts, admitting it or not today. Well done
Next book title by Comey from his rubber room....
One in every thread.
It will be even funnier when he and Andy end up in the same cell!
For what, exactly?
Save us!  #LockHimUp
wear the cool Batman suit though. Batman and Robin was horrible!!


"Good morning. I’m here to give you an update on the FBI’s investigation of Secretary Clinton.
What I want to do is tell you what we're recommending, but first let me tell you what we found."
Your a waste of American skin.
Your a disgracefull bastard.
Comey has politicized the FBI during the 2016 presidential campaign and he lacked the political skills to restore public confidence in the non-partisan character of the agency he headed.

Only in America can a criminal more dangerous than the Russian government , tries to undermine our gov. , lies, writes a book about his lies, gets to walk freely in our midst. He had to be locked up with Brennan and Clapper
Comey book release this month...I can't wait!
I think about the day he was fired b4 boarding the plane in CA to travel back. What stood out to me? On the tarmac shaking the hands of the law enforcement officers (local police / sheriffs deputies) b4 he departed. Very thoughtful. Told me a lot about this gentleman. @Comey
Great lead in to the holiday weekend. Funny. Keeping it positive. Interested to hear what topics his upcoming interviews will be about. Ferrell's been getting some great exposure vis a vis Comey. Perhaps he should present Will, in person, with a signed copy.
Maybe she can set one of those up in a federal penitentiary.
President obstructing justice laughing my ass off ! Stop playing head games we all see through your bullshit you’re a creep
It is well known that Comey was the second funniest person in his law school class.
I lol'd irl, what a neat thing to do (and it's also very awesome that you present us with the regular human side of the FBI, thank you for that too).
COMEY!

#MAGA  Hmmmmmmm 
whats wrong is you are missing the facts and are just copy pasting shit from the internet without knowing anything.
Gee thats odd

Especially considering all the news in that meme is from the MSM
U know CNN, MSNBC
Funny how you can readily pick out #FakeNews when you think its coming from a conservative source, but U are brain dead otherwise
There is no news in that meme only opinion.

I  hearing you laugh Mr. Comey.... watching this, makes me smile  and realize how lucky we are, that you are now sharing this part of your life with us, your supporters!
Pls add Denver to the tour!
and Austin Texas!!
canada believes James Comey!~!!!!


Oh how you try to make us like you and forget your traitorous and immature (4th grade) behavior.  It's sad to watch.  It's never too late to become mature.
You have no conscience
bad boy bad boy what you gonna do, what you gonna do when page comes for you.!!!!! 

April is going to be a fun month! 
This is awesome Josh! 
Love this guy.
What America desperately needs is MORE JAMES COMEYS.
This is freaking hysterical. 
Cannot wait for @Comey book. Preordered.

CANT WAIT FIR THE COMEY BOOK now that the FBI agreed to actually go back & review the roughly 16,750 pages of docs related to former FBI Director Comey that were archived after he was fired from the FBI.
Lordy, can't wait to dig into #AHigherLoyalty :)
GIMMIE PLZ!
What's #OTD.
I think it means "On This  Date"


#ArrestComey 



How does it feel to be one of the most hated people on earth? Asking for a friend.
You're a criminal!
Good to see you laughing sir. #respectcomey (new hashtag I’m starting). #FakePresident #VoteThemAllOut

Hysterical

Ah that laugh gets me every time. Cannot wait to read your book. Have admired you since reading of the hospital incident with Mr Ashcroft.

"Comey earned $6 million in one year alone from Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin became a Clinton Foundation donor that very year."
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/09/10/exposed-fbi-director-james-comeys-clinton-foundation-connection/ …
I have no idea what the prank means and I'm too lazy to Google it.  But the laugh and smile at the end are all I needed to see.  #ThankYou
Ahhhh...the good ole days when you were running a police state in conjunction with your pal Obummer.  Dude, you are so screwed.  Enjoy GITMO.  For once my tax dollars will be spent on something I agree with...putting you in the slammer.  Have a nice life behind bars. Tick Tock...
Love it!
Hey that's my homie @Comey one of the best @FBI directors the world has ever seen. Of course next to Muller his mentor
Did you get any footage of him lying to Congress about ordering leaks?
Did you get any footage of him stealing and leaking FBI documents?
Good to see people laugh, celebrate, and  rejoice!
WE must unite both sides of the aisle 
FOR R KIDZ 
I’m a Christian Republican Conservative gun owner educator in Oklahoma 
Voted 4 and inspired by Obama 
PRAY for ALL presidents 
KNOW you and the FBI r great people 
We r 2
Good God that man is tall.
Love it!!!!
Classic.

Love it
He is tall! He almost hits the door way.
Patriot.
*silently fangirling*
https://www.instagram.com/p/BcdiFEWgF2F/ 
Good god that laugh
Love it! 
damn he's huge how does he not hit his head on the doorway.... he could crush trumps windpipe in one hand
Ahhhh, it's so hot ... Milk was a bad choice!!
i hope will ferrell sees this

Liberal Logic 101:

Jim Comey’s world

McCabe “Lies” = Victim

Trump “Lies”    = Mentally Unfit 

Clinton “Lies”  =  PRESIDENT!

In Jim Comeys world Clinton/DNC pay for OPO research using “Russian” spies in his mind POTUS doesn’t need to know. #SlimeBallComey #FBICorruption #MAGA

9/ Quick Recap: FBI could have prevented first #daesh attack on US Soil - instead they provided ‘look-out’ — and Comey lied about it!

** Gun #daeshbags used was bought at Lone Wolf Trading Company -…

This is funnier....

CORRUPT FBI - research Comey Clinton History Money Greed Power consumed Comey Never Integrity
Did it make you feel mildly nauseous to betray the American people at the expense of the Bureau's reputation?Or did you feel no shame at all?
No Comeys History with Clinton’s shows who he really is a person. But his reputation will follow him to the End! It’s all on how you look at him
Will you celebrate when he goes to jail. Or do you think the FBI director can do anything and get away with it?
What did he do?
Leaking classified documents. Lying about it. Signing illegal fisa warrants and lying about it. Hillary Clinton investigation
That's just a start
Leaking is legit issue, FISA is a thing the Republicans VOTED for, and Republican judges approved of, so no go there.  Hillary investigations were multiple and came to nothing. But thank you for actually answering the question and not just giffing your grievances.
For the record, I think FISA as a concept is sketchy af
Sketchy. You may be right I mean it is a secret court that I don't approve of but you can't use made up bullshit information to collect get a warrant and collect information on an American. The FBI individuals will go down for that
He leaks

He lies

He’s a ‘Weasel’

Jailbird Comey, Dirty Cop

15-20, no parole

Bring back the Gas Chamber for Treason
One thing we have learned about this piece of $hit.  Like his buddy Clapper he can look right into a camera and and lie never blink. What a piece of crap
I’m also taking Apple cider vinegar and magnesium. I hear stinging nettle is good for prostate. 
I’m a drinking a lot more water green tea/black tea and fresh fruit and vegetable juice. You are very handsome.
You need to take zinc, it gets rid of puffy eyes! I’ve been taking it for two days and my puffy eyes are almost gone!


 you're going to federal pound me in the a$$ prison
Future cellmates
#winning
Comey has a new nickname. It's 6 x 8. That's the standard size of a prison cell. It's 6 x 8.
Lol

BUSTED

#JamesComey stated UNDER OATH he started leaking #ComeyMemos on May 16, 2017
…
Fun with the Communist News Networks and Comey Clown.
All you doing is rigth
Thats awesome


You are disgraceful Comey!
TRAITOR ! !
Everybody knows he was Hillary's lapdog, been doing the Clinton's bidding since Whitewater. Just didn't want to be found on a park bench with two self inflicted gunshot wounds in the head like Seth
Wow fbi man who can't be trusted. Tried to manipulate us at every turn. Stick your book in your butt
Get a job.... commie comey.
You give tall people a bad name.
Es  hat aber tatsechlich funktioniert

MUST WATCH: Disgraced Former @FBI Director James @Comey CONFRONTED by Conservative Journalist @LauraLoomer on first day of his book tour. #ComeyBook #Loomered…
Needed to be still: James ;You Tube:It Is All an Illusion .Look it Up. And The Great Work.

Seems to us @FBI should investigate which @WhiteHouse @GOP @DNC are invested in #MilitaryIndustrialComplex & jail/prison vendors
OR
#HigherLoyalty is to corporate state & #WallStreet fraud artists

"Defense Stocks Soar w/ Trump War on #Syria https://youtu.be/cDU_PRwLEoA  via @YouTube




BREAKING: Former FBI agent Terry J. Albury has pleaded guilty to leaking classified documents to the media JUST LIKE JAMES COMEY DID. Terry J. Albury faces a likely sentence of approximately 3-5 years in prison.

…
Are you sure this is not you being shown the door at the once respected FBI.  You are responsible for its fall from grace. What a dishonorable man. Single handily destroyed the Rule of Law in USA.  Never forget his words that Hillary was guilty but to powerful the be prosecuted.


Douche

FEDS DROP BOMBSHELL: Comey & Lynch Colluded with Clinton Campaign to Entrap, Wiretap Trump; Illegal Scheme Involved Entire U.S. Intel Community https://bit.ly/2HI5Stp  

The FBI has egg on its face due to well paid high FBI officials like corrupted Lisa Page and corrupted Peter Strozk. I find it entertaining the same Democrats that verbally attacked you are now same Democrats that embrace you. Fascist Democrats Totalitarians pose as Democrats
Hey remember this

Arrest James @Comey
What a NARCISSIST
Wow. Comeys innuendo, and the fact that he didn’t tell him the “additional information” was paid for by opponent. Why didn’t George ask you if you mentioned that it was used to fisa warrant ? Comey the bulk of dossier was used for fisa warrant
Wow #funwithComey
Who cares? He’s a liar!
Here is what Dems really think of Comey.
Did you catch any footage of the meetings they had to discuss how they would ensure Clinton wins election at any cost ?
He looks good smiling
You've aged 20 years since this. What lying will do
You are a true American hero, @Comey! Every choice you made, had the very best interest of the US people in mind. It’s so obvious that @realDonaldTrump fears you. He always engages in slanderous rhetoric. We need so many more like you. God bless you, Mr Comey!
?????
Comey is a POS

holy crap he almost took a header at the top of that door
