The same could be said about the free press/media. A pillar of our democratic freedom has been under constant attack almost from the outset of the Trump administration! The term 'Fake News' is both pernicious and deplorable.
Bought and paid for.
You have a part in why we are at this point. Do you ever feel guilty?
Eric Holder: I'm still the President's wingman and we have a lot left to accomplish. 
You're all full of shit.
@Comey can you explain to @realDonaldTrump what a world without these 2 departments would be like?
Well we wouldn't of had to Waco and Ruby Ridge
DONALD TRUMP’S GOAL: “PRESIDENT-FOR-LIFE”

You should read that line back to yourself. Leadership is about doing the right thing you wrong the people when you turned a blind eye to what Hillary did.
Tell us, Mr. Comey:  Do you plan on gifting us with what Martin Luther had to say about “the Jews”?  Of course, that might not be compatible with such shiny concepts as justice and liberty and personal accountability.
Trumps only interest is a dictatorship. What he wants or he will fire you. He rules by intimidation.  Free of any rhyme or reason. The man simply is a child that blurts out whatever comes to his head. #theview #respectcomey
You are a piece of s--- , sour grapes is all they who buy your book will read.   You'll never work again in this country so do us all a favor 
leave the country .  LEAVE!
TRUE!
They have to get rid of all the garbage first. Then they "may" be able to restore the integrity and public trust that you haven't ruined thus far. Homey go to prison.
Thank you for your service for this country and your leadership. Would love to see you run for an office. Need more honest patriotic men with morals who also puts country first. You are missed 
Hahahahahahah!
Bought and sold
nobody told you
How they bought and sold you SOLD U SOUL

NOW YOU GOING TO BE A SOULJA
LIE AWAKE AT NIGHT WISH UPON A STAR FOR SOMEPLACE SAFE FOR THAN YOU ARE NEED TO saved  yes THAT'S WHERE IT ALL STARTED SLAVE YOU TO A SAVIOR
Now you've been told
An honest DOJ and FBI.
Unfortunately, they are silent
To be or not to be . Which one are you ?
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
They have spoken and dismissed to the most damaging "leaders":  You & McCabe
They're busy prepping a cell for you and Andy. Who gets the *bottom* bunk? You both seem a little soft.
You weren't independent.
Independent?! Bahahaha. What are you smokin' dude?
But they can't conspire against elected Presidents....
and how does RR and wifey with LOADS OF TENTACLES figure into 
"independent..." There is NO WAY Rosenstein is rational with his wife being such an integral player...and lisa page! Liza Paige .....so many coincidences!
Since it’s been proven @realDonaldTrump & his campaign was under investigation since FBI was informed by Australian Diplomat & Christopher Steele in spring/early summer of 2016, why throw Hillary under bus & not inform US about Russia? Investigation priority?
Hillary is a criminal
KKKhristians are no better than ISIS. I like to call them Vanilla ISIS. They are blinded by HATE, so it’s impossible for them to see the TRUTH. I’ll have to check your follower list for Russian Bots & Trolls. Contacting Troll Busters to see what’s up. THANX!


LOL you can dish it out but can’t take it hahahaha

They don't call it the hot seat for nothing. Easy for us to side seat drive on jobs we could never handle! We don't know everything and I believe that Mr. Comey always lead with integrity based on the information he had available at the time. That's all anyone can do. Good man.

Clever! I support you too!! My son, excelling in the United States Airforce, making his sister proud from beyond and giving his mom a reason to keep at it. Agree to disagree sister, this is a great country indeed. Respectfully.
Lots of respect for your son & for the service he’s doing for our country. I’m sure you’re a very proud mom. Love our military & our vets! Love your reply back to me. Our country is great! We all have to keep it that way. If your son is deployed..
hope he stays safe! 
I am so sorry, just seeing this!

Thank you so much. We keep praying!! 
Maybe if you hadn't thrown the election to Trump with your asinine sabotage of Hillary Clinton, none of us would need to be asking that question.
I didn't sabotage anything. I voted for Hillary.
I was referring to Comey.
Ah okay. Sorry for the misunderstanding.
You are responsible for putting Trump in the whitehouse because of what you said 11 days before the election.  Own it.
If hillary had won harvey Weinstein & others would still be protected harming more woman n children FOR THAT @realDonaldTrump has my support
What bizarre logic. How do you even come to this? She has already condemned him after finding out. And look how trump is protected from all the sexual assaults he committed.
They were friends
She condemned him way after we found out
Sure, let's lie about it some more! She didnt give a *public statement immediately. She did a few days later. That's much later? But I thought she was irrelevant. Who was waiting so intensely for her statement?
You should use a mirror and repeat that quote to yourself over and over again! #HYPOCRITE #LOCKHIMUP #TREASON
Its ALMOST like he BELIEVES he is a honorable man
No kidding!!!
This is the truest statement ever!

You stopped one of those voices @HillaryClinton  Pretty sure Martin Luther would be outraged with you using his quotes after what you did to her. She would be President right now, if it weren't for you.
Therein is the rub. The IRS,FBI & DOJ were not independent. They were weaponized by Obama & became politicized & used against Americans. There were 2 systems of justice. Example: Hillary was "HQSpecial", yet a sailor was prosecuted & sent to prison for 1 yr.for a stupid mistake.
Soon... soon... 



]
Church members. The are the army of the Republican party and I would not be surprised if Trump gets re elected. The Saperation of church and estate applies only to none Republicans.
Didn't quite catch what you are trying to say.
What you call independent?
When #treasonousBHO wanted to know "everything" @FBI agents did? Or, when he met w you and others b4 his term was done, 2 discuss the strategies of resisting & undermining people's will?
Independent doesn’t mean ZERO OVERSIGHT... From the text messages alone it appears the fbi has a real work culture problem... Those usually start at the top and the rest follow for fear of reprisals or personal ambitions to climb the ladder...
U should have read those words before making all your very bad decisions. U are responsible for what you say & do Mr Comey. U have to live with your deception, lies, destruction. I don't even think you get it. But we no longer have to worry about YOU.
HONEST fbi.  For the people.  How much money did you and your wifey pocket from Hillary?  Stop the games. You are done.
Like Hillary Clinton is GUILTY?
Russians didn’t place me under surveillance it was done http://locally.How  much evidence does Hailey Police need before they make an arrest? Wiretapping surveillance is not a victimless crime.
Like you know anything about the topic?
Why is anything you say relevant? You lied & colluded to overthrow a duly elected president by We the people. You’ve got some nerve!!
Yeah
Oh , good one Comey ! I thought u we're going to take credit for that ! UR a little to late with it though , you did incriminate yourself ! U did Protect Clinton ! Is there a book called What really happened Vol.2
Politics doesn't belong in the DOJ or FBI or in any other agency of the government.
Where were those "leaders" during the OBAMA administration, when HIS DoJ and FBI were administering "justice" by SKIN COLOR and political persuasion, under the "leadership" of OBAMA LACKEYS Holder and Lynch?

Where was your voice when you decided to sabotage #HRC campaign with your bullshit announcements and said NOTHING about #Trump’s Russian connection you knew about for months. #HypocriteComey.
Mart in Luther King is probably rolling over in his grave, a traitor quoting him ?  What a joke you are
I wonder why the Whitehouse was able to fire the head of the FBI when the FBI was investigating the Whitehouse.  Makes no sense to me.  How can the FBI remain unbiased?
"How can the FBI remain unbiased?" - True commitment to impartial justice.
Well, let’s complete a non partisan investigation and see where the chips fall. Do you have to run everything by Hillary beforehand?
Yes they are but there are a few that don't deserve the title when they misuse their powers. When they join in the corruption of congress. You may be fooling some but not me.
your no longer independent when you work for the government and cover for criminal!
Hope you and the rest of your criminal party go down!
MLK was a Republican for a reason.
Exactly! Our leaders today are finally exposing dishonest players in "your" FBI and DOJ.
Well, I can tell you those voices in the @GOP have been bought by Russia.
It's scary that the Republican party will put Trump and Russia over United States of America we are the greatest country in the world what is it that Russia have over Trump and GOP that they're will to destroy our  ountry what happened to GOP party of law and order?
Do you have any kind of CLUE at all about UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Incorporated?
the DOJ and FBI are NOT a government unto themselves Comey.They're part of the executive branch and Congress is to do oversight. You don't answer to yourselves. That's corrupt. Plain and simple.@evanperez
All your quotes mean nothing. You jimmy closed the deal and put Donnie in office. Only question I have; who paid you? Don or Russia, does it matter.
What happened to our Republic? It literally appears the Republicans, have some how ALL been compromised by Putin & RUSSIA . U must silently lead them to VICTORY ! This monster in the WH @realDonaldTrump PICKED THE WRONG FIGHT!
Exactly
We out here in America are waiting to hear them from the party in power ... Crickets  and toxic lies
Hillary probably would have won if it had not been for you.
God help the US if Hillary HAD won!
You definitely have NO standing to quote any famous source with your established guilt.
I think you lost credibility which is a shame for you.  Your career down the tubes to protect Hillary.
You keep quoting MLK but are so NOT him !!  He was a fighter for the unheard and unappreciated !!  You on the other hand keep acting like you’re for the little guy/—you are for James Comey!!  Your opinion of someone has no placate in the hallowed halls of the FBI!!
THATS THE PROBLEM! You are not INDEPENDENT! You were caught stacking the deck! We need FBI and DOJ leaders that are independent, impartial, unbiased, unprejudiced, objective, nonpartisan, nondiscriminatory ...and HONEST...all of the things you are not!
You have that phony smile of smugness
Ironic that you mention FBI and MLK in the same tweet. From the Washington Post "FBI used invasive surveillance operations throughout the 1960s to collect troves of information on King." So I guess what happened to Trump world is nothing new for the FBI.
The voices are crying out for you to admit you leaked information, lied to FISA court and were the one manipulated by Russia. SHAME.
Thank you Director Comey!  I stand with the #FBI @FBI
Looks like the leaders in the FBI might be in a little hot water with the courts. Have you talked to the FISA judge? I would like his opinion. #FISAMemo #CarterPage Hillary and the DNC  are  #RussiaGate
James ....Is this really you?
Not Condeming is Condoning, my pops use to say
Still pretty amazing how you can't see yourself in this quote.
You mean independent or without bias? They have to be both...but you still fail to understand that. You are going down as the one who destroyed the confidence of a nation in its top law enforcement department.
Oh, yeah, and let us remember the investigation into the good Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. and the branding him a Communist in an attempt to quell the Civil Rights Movement. You may fool the millennials but those of us who were there will never forget that FBI move.
It is those voices that are exposing the truth about the DOJ and the FBI over the last 5 decades of botched investigations, political favors, lies to get warrants, misuse of classified information, leaks, favors, and other things that would make MLK scream for an investigation.
Your FBI isn’t independent. The DOJ and FBI are as disgustingly biased as the legislators of the swamp. What a waste of tax payer dollars all of you are.
again....shutting them up!
#lockupcomey
Independent!  not crooked!!!

Comey, you need to exercise your right to be silent. What you say can and will be used against you! Liar to congress and abuser of power!
Editing statements in criminal investigations to benefit a presidential candidate doesn't make the FBI very independent
They are all under the spell of corruption @SpeakerRyan is being manipulated by a very sick man. I’ve never seen so many ppl from Russia part of a campaign or working in the White House. The Russian spy ring was already busted up by @FBI carter page was connected to that spy ring
They had every right to spy on carter page! This is not about @FBI being corrupt! This is about @realDonaldTrump being scared out of his narcissistic mind that Mueller is getting too close for comfort. He’s hoping he can fire #Rosenstein because he won’t fire #Mueller
And put someone in place that will fire #mueller and stop the investigation because Trump knows he’s guilty. That is all this is
@GOP @SpeakerRyan you guys are in so deep you’re now self destructing. You are defending a conman who’s so guilty he’s grasping at straws. Trumps approval rating is plummeting Trump will leave you in the dirt when this is over. For what? $?
Key word being independent
"On the Jews and Their Lies" - Martin Luther
I feel like you are being hypocritical James... you're not coming clean... That means you're dirty
Why was Eric Holder Obama’s wingman ?
Wow. Independent was the phrase. You exonerated #clintoncrimefamily from facing #treason.  #benghazi #emails
Of course it is so why weren’t you independent from the DOJ during your time as the leader of the FBI?  Example: calling the Clinton Email investigation a “matter” directed by Loretta Lynch and changing other verbiage to ensure HRC wouldn’t be criminally charged. 
YOU AND YOUR FELLOW FBI AGENTS CAUSED THESE ISSUES!

You work for New World Order, not U.S. We're not fools.
Wasn't Holder? Obama's "wing man".  Did you lecture him for his lies and partisanship while he was the head of the Justice Department?  And what about you and Loretta Lynch ..........?
Oh no. An unaccountable law enforcement agency is the greatest threat to democracy.
Yes responsible for what you don't say especially when you are assisting with other anti-trump FBI agents that desperately want to undermine this administration and take down this President!
Remember the e-mails?
Well why did you use your power for politics and personal gain?
#ReleaseTheMemo
Exactly! Boy... you should listen to yourself and take your own advice because your actions did not measure up to your sayings.
I can't believe how many are silent, and how many more are complicit and silent.

Ashamed of my old party.  It was always about difference of opinion for me (less taxes, more states rights), not "doing anything to win" including selling all your ethics.
You are just another Swamp Rat !!
Not if heads of all the alphabet soup government agencies are POLITICALLY appointed which they are and why our gov't is so corrupt and criminal in its operations! The PUBLIC is fed up and why and how we got Trump. Get it???
We support the FBI, each and every agent. We do not support this republican congress, Donald little hands Trump or Trump supporters. SOmetimes a tacit says far more than words.
Nonpartisan, not independent. Read the Constitution. But you made the FBI a partisan tool of the Democrats.
Wow guys who tapped MLK quote him today.
... we want no Gestapo or secret police. The FBI is tending in that direction. They are dabbling in sex-life scandals and plain blackmail. ~ Harry S. Truman
(2) @FBI corruption goes way back! The VERY  first Director of FBI J.E. Hoover was found to have exceeded the jurisdiction of the FBI & to have used the FBI to harass political dissenters and activists, to amass secret files on political leaders &...
Your soapbox rants sure show me the level of narcissism you exhibit.  Scary...
Are you on medication?  The sheep are awake.. You can stop now.....  What will the memo say... Hmm.
UNFORTUNATELY YOU politicized & corrupted the TOP echelon of our FBI...along with Obama & others! YOUR DESPICABLE!
#WeaselComey sounds like a man with a guilty conscience. Regret taking that briefcase full of cash do you?
#Comey almost took away a nations freedom to choose. The voice of the many 2 #MAGA are stronger than the few rouge, #SecretSocieties that try to undermine a #Nation.
Everyone should be accountable for their actions.
Yes when they’re honest and do their jobs correctly exactly the opposite of what you are. YOUR DIRED. go away.
Given the strength, tenacity and ambition it takes to campaign for national elected office, I still find it surprising that more retired politicians are not joining the effort to support truth and renounce purveyors of propaganda. #WhereAreThey
You'll always be my homey Comey!
Obviously, you're not one of them, Comey.
Thats right! An independant dept is essential. So why did you choose to protect criminals and take care of them? Because you thought she would win and you would be gone. How does it feel to be one of the most hated people in this country? And for everyone to know what you did.
#LawyerUp  TICK TOCK
Have you looked in the mirror #hypocrite
Absolutely!  @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr have disappeared into the woodwork.  They have relinquished their moral centers for partisan game playing.  They will be held accountable by history for their roles in the destruction of our democratic society. So sad!
It doesn't really look like an independent department of justice. It looks like YOU and a few of YOUR good buddies tried to get Hillary elected even tho the people wanted Trump. YOU'RE GOING TO PRISON.
Deliver us from this evil.
I am very frightened. I think Trump & the Republicans are trying to subvert our Democracy.
You ruined the FBIand Soiled yourself
Independent, yes.  Rogue, no.
Sir, our government has checks and balances. You are not independent. Your salary is paid by Americans not illegal aliens. You need accountability and an ADDUIT. A lot of our money is missing. Heard you hired a lawyer.
Yes, essential....but look what happened to our liberties during the Obama administration.  You all at the top, were
not quite independent now were you.  You should remain silent...you wont look so bad when you go to prison with
your "independent" cronies.
U r a treasonous bastard. Here’s to your near future
Unfortunately you screwed that up! You political hack!

I remember after 9/11 when the Pariot Act was enacted, and all of us in the Intel Community where afraid of it being misused... And it was Comey that brought all to a head by abusing it as a political weapon!

You POS!
That MLK quote rings true today as well #HolocaustRemembranceDay 

Silence is complicit. We must speak and stand for each other. #March #RunForSomething #Volunteer #Resist #Persist #SpeakUp

You certainly have guts. To tweet about an independent FBI when you are responsible for tarnishing that ingredient with the spying on Trump, the rush to clear Hillary. Leaking classified documents, stealing classified documents for personal reasons. My,my James
He might have guts, but Killary has his balls in a Dixie cup under the sink!       #MAGA
I mis-spoke, I should have said he certainly has GALL. Guts implies a good thing most of the time. I don't think anything about Comey can be classed as good. Gall is usually meant to imply impudence or audacity. He is a worm & his favorite a WEASEL.
You too are responsible for what you say and do not say. Looking forward to more testimony under oath, including on the classified documents you leaked
And given your over-zealous prosecution of 18 USC § 1001 cases (e.g., Martha Stewart), you could be worried at the moment about petards on which you may be similarly hoisted.
#politicians need to check the #weather and #pocketbook before giving a meaningful opinion
Don’t worry; you will be hearing the voices soon....”GUILTY”
They are in your Republican Party. They’re filthy traitors. When will you denounce them and the party? 
#traitors #trumprussia #ComplicitGOP  #maga #bluewave #TheResistance
It's already started, you're gone!!
Where are the honest brokers 
The FBI is crooked from top to bottom, if not agents would have been coming forward as whistleblowers!! Comey has corrupted the pile!!
FU COMEY!
#CORRUPTF.B.I.
 You will have plenty of time to write. Tell your wife to send you writing paper and pen
