Hello dear  James.
@comey showing some @fsubasketball love in round 1
Not that I don't believe you, but how about if you and Barack go one on one and we'll judge who has the smoother shot? You up for it, @BarackObama? Maybe you could go on @jimmykimmel together. 
P.S. Can I copy your brackets? 
Lotta Chalk
How about an indictment bracket? My pick is trump to win it all
Mike Pence with a close second in the championship
Seriously, if they had jack shit it would have been out a year ago.
Man, you guys are gonna hate the next year.
Can’t wait!  Love that “Andy” will lose his retirement in the final days of his deplorable career.  #lockthemallup
Virginia?! Chalk Comey, chalk!
Better check out Virginia’s chances while there’s time.
Nice .... my husband would love this chart
But what about the important bracket, Mueller v Trump?
The only Brackets you’ll need is in prison soon.....

Sure was smooth how you threw that election.

What? No Women's bracket?
McCabe should be thrown in jail along with you.   Leaking is a felony fyi
You seeing this Obama? Shots fired!
Well, since UVA is gone looks like it’ll be NOVA! Go Cats! And thank you, gentlemen, for your service to our nation.
You’re cool James 
You missed the Arkansas Butler matchup!  
You slept on Gonzaga, Mr. Comey.
You should be more concerned with this bracket.  TREASON.
BHO and James my Bracket is (New Orleans) That's it...
tick tock sessions is coming jimmy
Adorbs
We ended up the same. Can’t wait for March Madness
Flaw in the west, Michigan comes to play tournament, just won big ten, they gel as the season goes on, excel at the end.
Picking a lot of chalk here.... And putting a lot of faith in SEC teams.
One thing you do have in common is that you're both criminals roaming the streets!
Lol, you might want to take a look at your beloved Trump administration. (They're pleading guilty, going to jail, and cutting deals.)
Not Trump he’s got 7 more years to get under your skin
I give him 8 months
Hillary had a 98% chance of winning too
Okay if you say so, just like the Russians are a non issue. Trumps done.......just be patient......orange is the new black.
Hold your breath waiting
Won't be long now like I said about 8 months maybe sooner.
1 ON 1 FOR DEMOCRACY
Thems fighting words, stretch.
Which substance? Is it the white powder or #Novichok gas,,, and tell us about that smooth shot you have in mind?
March Madness. That's what you're worried about when you're facing federal prison?
Look at you showing our school love go #UVA
But you're a criminal just like Barack Obama.   Tick tock....
Code for lawbreakers?
This guy actually picks the Tues/Wed games. You know his investigations had to be thorough
He missed 4 spots so...
So his investigations are thorough but sometimes he goes public with info before he should?
We should do a go to jail bracket for the Obama administration and the FBI, and DOJ and anyone involved with Fusion GPS and the dossier. That would be fun.

DUKE! And Providence over Texas A&M!
Virginia.....whoops!
You should have an advantage with your height!
I saw your bracket last night. I didn't expect that this bracket would be busted so soon. Heck of an upset by UCMB. I did not, nor any one else I'm sure, see that one coming. Completely shocked.
With a $79 ink jet printer and a little computer savvy, you COULD have your own bracket stationery!
only one thing u got VA going too far.  They won't get by UK.  Just saying.
Why didn't you pick Creighton v. Kansas St. or Arkansas v. Butler?!?  smdh at the oversight from a supposed investigator
If you missed two out of 36 picks, what did you miss in the Clinton email investigation?!
Stop with the Clinton emails.  It is the same as seeing Trumps tax returns. Come on let’s move on.
Why do you want to ignore all of her crimes?
Why do you ignore all of Trump’s actual crimes to bring up conspiracy bs?
You mean the conspiracy that there was collusion even though there is NO evidence of it?  That's funny.
You missed a spot!

To be fair, it really doesn’t matter who Virginia plays in round 2, so we’ll give you a pass. 

...if you play Obama 1on1
You sure it doesn’t matter? UMBC thinks differently!
OBAMA wanna be! lol You're going down Comey and I love it!
#Substance is not your forte. #WeKnow you are
 next!
i don't care what anybody else say's, im still on team "comey pretending to be a trump hater, but in fact helping to bring down the swamp in a sessions mueller sting". but i could be wrong....
I think you need a revision after last night!
No reasonable college basketball fan would have chosen Virginia. 
“And the IG report hasn’t even came out yet Jimmy, I’m really scared.” Strzok and Page really screwed us with those texts, why didn’t you ask Hillary to bleach bit they’re phones for us! 
McCabe is on his way to charges. We are coming! We do not forget we do forgive but justice must be served.
We'll assume you picked South Dakota State. :)
Will they allow you to have that in your prison cell? You are not out of the woods you POS, you have been dreaming, wake up Jimmy, it's time to pay the piper.
Wrong AGAIN! Prison is in your future! U will have a LOT of time for brackets there!
You've done 10 fold the crimes that McCabe has. He should be jailed and so will you. We trusted you not to be bias but you obviously are controlled by the 0bama administration. Not scandal free like that pos 0bama said. Scandal free....lol
You skipped the Butler vs Arkansas game in your bracket. Pick Butler Bulldogs!! Go Dawgs!!!
Who's Next!!!!! Gotta believe a certian body part on you and your flunkies just got a little tighter. What does Hannity say?? Oh yea.TIC-TOC
You’re slimy ya know. I am SO glad our president exposed you
That's some trash talk!
You still got a spot for an Arkansas win!
Wow, yours is almost as bad as mine.
Nice job with Virginia there bud 
You spelled Villanova wrong - in that middle box. Right. There. 
Then why did you break all norms and stab HRC in back for doing nothing while letting a Russian asset win election? When do you explain that? Where was your announcement about Russia installing Trump?
You go wrong when you suggest Trump has any relationship with Russia of personal importance. You need to start listening to all sides.  Please educate yourself.
You may be taller,but my pink and red starbursrs ate n My President. Game on let's go there is nothing holfing you back
#ComeyCollusion #StayWoke
What?  You don't have any cryptic tweets on behalf of McCabe this morning? Maybe you're trying to blend in with the curtains again.
Maybe next year you can do one from jail
LMAO, look at who you are following, all corruption and failures, I guess you were with your Jimmy Comey homies, that could just be a matter.
@Comey = Fraud
You seem to have penciled in Virginia winning the championship the same way you penciled in Hillary for the Presidency.
Yeah, but can you go left?
You got to appreciate the double-entendre in this tweet...
Saved to the annals of subtle tweet trolling. Chapeau, gentlemen!
Lordy! Your bracket is shattered! I can’t believe it either.
You still screwed the election, we don’t need fun March Madness bracket tweets
As long as you pick the winners
You’re awfully quiet today.
*stationery
#loser

Sorry, its busted already. 
): bust.
Your book will be as relevant as your bracket, praying-mantis-looking douchebag
Oh no he didn't :-)
Neither of you picked Tennessee!?!?! This is not only an outrage, but a bigger conspiracy in my lifetime has never been so self evident! Go VOLS!
As a Hoosier and Big 10 fan, I predict Purdue won’t make it past the first round.
It’s funny that under all of this pressure you reach out to ole’ Barry. The whole thing’s coming down!
I see your bracket was ruined just like @BarackObama. Never bet against @RhodyMBB! 
Virginia screwed you even harder than they did me, although just barely.
Love it Jim!
It’s starionERY, Jim. C’mon. You can’t lose your credibility when we need you the most!!
@ComfortablySmug
This aged well
Yikes.... This is a rough bracket my friend.
I predict your personal and political prospects will fare the same as your bracket predictions. #VirginiaVsUMBC
My pick between Trump U and FBI.....  Trump U  all the way!
Orange Jumpsuit is in your future.
Obama has gotten you brennan clapper McCabe ex neck deep in trouble and here you are still kissing obamas back side...he actually left our entire country in deep trouble and Trump has done a great job pulling us out of it...MAGA...
Your bracket is as busted as mine.
Good picks, but I thank Villanova will win!!
More evidence of your Democratic bias
"Shots" fired lol
That’s right, Jim. Just pretend you’re not a bit concerned about your CRIMINAL offenses awaiting exposure by tweeting sports chat.
OMG Comey, that’s chalk city!  Virginia’s 6th man is out with a broken wrist. Not too late to switch to Michigan State.
@SamSteffich Why do you print like my younger brother?
Haha ya right
Busted.  Looks pretty close to mine.
Ang height advantage
How bout that UMBC
Comey,  you and Obama,  colluding to overthrow our GOVERNMENT & PRESIDENT,  will go down in HISTORY  a the most TREASONOUS  act in the History of the USA!
Hell no you don't James Comey.  You have NOTHING smoother than Obama, and you are a big part of the reason that we are in this whole mess.  You make me ‘Mildly Nauseous’.
i can't believe the US let this kid run the FBI... and the other guy run the country
Good pick . Your foresight is really telling and mirrors your career at the FBI
Welcome to the world of busted brackets. 
Maybe Gitmo has a basketball court for you and Obama to practice your shot!
It's a great night in America 
Your co-conspirator Andy McCabe lost his career, just like you. The American base wins again.
If you beat 44 I'll buy you a beer.
How do you feel about that Virginia pick?
Thanks for getting #Kansas to the #FinalFour! #RockChalk

You're still to blame for the sh*tshow that is running our country. So thanks for that.

#WeAreMarshall 
You forgot to pick a Creighton-KSU winner.  Go @BluejayMBB !
I CANNOT WAIT TO READ THE TRUTH. THE WHOLE TRUTH. AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH SO HELP ME GOD.  THANKYOU MR COMEY FOR KEEPING IT REAL. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY 
Can’t wait to see Andrew McCabe’s bracket!

Maybe you should have tried basketball as a career. You were a failed FBI director
Now you can block me (it helps to be tall and I am 5'7") but until you do, I will demand that you schedule a 3-pointer competion with Obama (I've seen him on TV hit one out of one try in Kuwait)
Go UMBC!
Oh sure, you weren’t corrupt.
Don't hold your breath waiting for a check from @CBS for pushing their logo. 
Yeah, whatever.  Tear that thing up and light it on fire.  You know, just like you did with your career.  #BracketBuster  #CareerBuster #LongTallLoser


you certainly have the height advantage
You need to start worrying about perjury and not your bracket Chief.
Maybe, ya'll can share a jail cell.
Longitude and latitude...interesting....tick tock
@FBI

Hey James @Comey, shouldn't you be worried about this?
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/03/report-mccabe-threatened-take-people-fired/ …
You also have about 10 wrong already. BIG VA upset!
Alas, both of you are DONE thanks to Rhody!
OK beating Duke....Puhleeze 
McCabe was on your brackets right? Rut roh

And a smoother stroke. I’m sure he knows what that means too. @BulldogTCOB @chaddicusjones

Karma
sucking on omamas parts again?
@jaclip45 You are corrupt!!
You missed some first round games.... thought you were thorough
Clemson vs New Mexico St?
Maybe the two of you can be cell mates.  You disgust me!
NC will go all the way
.What narcissism. Do you really think any one cares about your picks? #tcot
But your bracket is incomplete, counselor.
Ahhh you must remember the days when you and Barack were busy laughing about using classified information to beat political enemies.
Brackets, you are gonna have brackets made of steel bars around your sorry lyin ass....
Are you getting nervous yet, cocky jackwad?
Darn UNBC

Haha!!  Love it!
VA? Mr. Comey, you’re busted.
You must be having an EXTRA bad day now haha..
No poetry or bible verses tonight? Your "One Shining Moment" is coming soon.
You don't have a color printer at your house?
maybe you will be in jail and your touring will be cancel. Don't be so cocky ... you know KARMA IS A BITCH.
You better you’re like 5’20” tall
You picked UVA? Ouch.
Virginia.  ;)
Nice pick for your Champion, Jimmy.
#Virginia #TrumpCurse strikes again.  What size prison jumper you wear Jim?
No no Villanova winner
