You cant use damage control now buddy. This #ReleaseTheMemo is a reason you got fired. Have fun in jail :-)
Lolol. Best joke I've seen/heard today.
Its hilarious
This meme is "hilarious" because many of its squawking points are a projection of what tRump & the GOP are ACTUALLY doing!
Your “leader” Cuck Schumer let you down yesterday. I know it hurts.. go ahead call me a bot. It only shows me how far you’re stuck up your ass.
"Cuck"? Awww, so original! Taking your cues right from the Alt-Reich playbook! Reprising Bannon's "pet-name" for Jared! Yeah, because those RWNJs are PRIME examples of viral, "Alpha males"! NOT!! #IsCuckShort4Cuckoo
Snowflake
How long did you have to stand there with your mouth open like that?
Then there is this
Why did you lie under oath?  Shouldn’t you get the same treatment as Flynn?  What’s good for one should be good for another.  Arrest James Comey for perjury.

Come on, Comey isn’t that crushed yet.  Soon, but not quite.
Geezus. You're as dense as your Lord and Savior Trump.
Ok I will bite. What makes me dense?  Please enlighten me to your vast well of knowledge.  What makes you so much more superior?  Are you a God?
Why, yes! I am!
Got it.  Delusions of grandeur.  Check.
(Psst. Hey guys? I don't think Wickedhoney gets it.)
Wray has backbone. 
Yes he does, which must drive Trump nuts!! Thought he'd be getting a puppet, but he got a guy with some honor. The horror! When he testified awhile back, we were high fiving!! He stands with his peeps, not with the creeps!!

Just wondering if you visited the old office, and walked out with texts under your shirt.

You mean like “secret societies” within the FBI who tried, and continue to try, to sabotage President Trump?  You do realize that the corruption of the FBI that you ran is being exposed daily?  You might want to stop tweeting now.
A veritable Wray of Hope indeed.
Yeah lying is always patriotic.  NOT
Spoken like a true Trump lemming.
I don’t think Trump has anything to do with Comeys lies. ...or maybe he is that good.
But you okay with all the lies trump has spoken and proven to be lies and your ok with masquerade as a Christian and giving blessing to a horrible person. Put your head deeper the sand.
Everyone lies sometimes, but lying under oath is what we are talking about. You do remember that it was James Comey who put Martha Stewart in prison for lying under oath, right? Same rules should apply to him.
....I hope Trump is smart enough to know he shouldn’t lie under oath.  If he does, they will hang him.
#WeThePeople know.
You're a disgraceful slime ball, Comey. Quite the racket you were running there.
This guy James Comey appears to be unbelievably......... wait for it..............
TONE DEAF!!!!

or perhaps it's just me?
Cade Wilson is a paid Russian TROLL.
I hope you end up in jail
Perfect tweet, as ever
Why?

Your media friendlies avoid discussing FBI/DOJ--what's the view among other Democrats who aren't trying to hide it all?

 Mueller time? 
Wray of sunshine? 
You think they're all Democrat allies? 
How about Horowitz? Sessions? 
Just curious
Standing up for what u believe in? Trying to overthrow a President is Treason! You will go down in history as a criminal and a fool.

Was 9/11 a big conspiracy too? Maybe the Earth is flat? The government is poisoning us with chemtrails? I'm sure there are others...
These people are batshit crazy. There’s no reasoning with them. Just smile and nod, knowing we will save the country from them in the long run.
As a man of honour and deep integrity our country holds you and everyone you used to lead in the upmost respect. We are looking forward to our turn to stand at this coming time of challenge and controversy- and we'll do so alongside you and all of your former colleagues very soon
You're not very bright are you.
Obviously not. He/she supports weak Theresa May.
Your getting measured pretty good and coming up a little short. Go write your book..
Do you still insist that your decision to exonerate HRC came after a lengthy investigation?  Poor Comey!
#peace
Excellent work  @Comey we have faith in you....Not everyone can be bought or  intimidated!
No, just Jim and half of the FBI 
Fact Check: True
Yea... That isn't applicable to Men Like You... At the end of the Day ... When the dust from Your part in all this Corruption settles ... Ask yourself this ... Was it worth it ~ What you were promised ~ paid?
Reading this makes me slightly nauseous. Didn’t u lie to the American ppl for Hillary?what type of man is that?Well I’ll tell u. One that can’t shine the shoes of MLK

where are the texts?
And women too, right? 

"It  seems clear that based on his history and close “partnership” with  Comey...Mueller was chosen as Special Counsel not because he has  integrity but because he will do what the powerful want him to do."
In the end Truth will win.   Listen to podcast Slow Burn to understand how the same show occurred with Watergate until there was the incontrovertible evidence of the Tapes.  Nixon Supporters were in denial until they were hit over the head with a hammer that crimes were done.
In the case of Trump, the situation is even worse than Watergate in that we have an inexperienced narcissist running the country for his personal benefit.
#preach
What you believe in is illegal. That's not good. That is, in fact, evil. Which is why you're twisting quotes...kind of like Satan did with Jesus! 

#SecretSociety
Pretty words.
Yes. 
Tainted delivery system?
It appears plausible or maybe probable that Comey's FBI took a side in the 2016 campaign.
Ahhhh yes....now we see what they did here.
Mob bosses meet in the desert.

You're a crook and a dirty cop
May god, the one you believe in help you. You need his help
I don’t think the Lord will be mad at at me for telling the truth.  I also don’t think the Lord gave you the authority to pass judgement on me,  that would be his job.
Ask him please and tell me what he said. I'll be anxiously waiting
Under oath?
It’s his actions that count not his words
#releaSETHememo
OMG. Let the man rest in peace and leave his memory alone.
How about you go rest in peace and don't bring your slave mentality to the table where adults sit? Don't promote slavery as a value, anywhere.
You never fail to lift my spirits.
I cannot wait for you to be in jail
Says Russian bots.
are you schizo to the point that everyone on twitter is a bot and youre the only human? this isnt the matrix and you arent neo
Well said Abdi, it's like Libs are a bunch of 2 year olds on here.
She only has 22 followers and calling you a bot. What a joke these trolls are. They don't want elite Liberals going to jail because they'll be out of a job soon.
Yes I do. Do you know why? I only share/follow people I like. It is not a popularity contest. At least for me. Dotard
did you just call someone a dotard? copying the North Koreans? Sad state of affairs for liberals. 8 years sister. sorry to break it to you.
"Did you just call someone a Dotard? Copying the North Koreans? Sad State of affairs for Liberals. 8 years: Sister, sorry to break it to you." Fixed your grammar. I am not a "sister".
Director Comey you are an inspiration to us all. Thank you for your service to us. We are proud to have you as our continued civil servant.
Um he was fired.
Um, yes, that may have something to do with the current “obstruction of justice” investigation...ring any bells?!
Of course it does. The most recent obstruction being the convenient "misplacement" of 5 months of text messages between two conspirators. "Ring any bells?" 
Sounds like the president isn’t able to properly manage the departments within his administration. It happened on Trumps watch.
LOL "Trump's watch"? This is Obama's FBI. He built that. It's corrupt to the bone.
McCrae is over the FBI. He was appointed by Trump. Most of the people in the FBI have served under more than one president.
True. But there's a cadre of hard-core deep-statists who cannot accept Trump as president. They have no right trying to overturn a legal election. The American people have spoken and they've rejected globalism. We voted to put #AmericaFirst and Trump's doing that.
A lie cannot live - MLK
Leaker & Liar !!! Your "best seller" is 30% at CostCo 
I'm not a Republican but I'd vote for you! I think you represent the best of America and I hope they don't chase you off. Thank you!
Define “best of America”
Someone who's dedicated his entire life to the Rule of law, and to the American ppl. Sacrifice is entirely important in an advanced society!
The FBI did what they could to destroy MLK’s life. James Comey is a staunch supporter and enabler of our white supremacist justice system. Comey didn’t sacrifice shit and he didn’t do anything to warrant your admiration.
The Enemy of my Enemy is James Comey, get it?
Starting to think you're a nano-bot
Congrats on being fooled by a tweet. You should google the FBI’s history with MLK and learn something.
A perfect Tweet for today, and so eloquently put. Keep fighting the good fight! you @Comey
You rock, Sir!
Sleep well and Sweet Dreams...  @Comey
His nightmare is about to start #TheStormIsHere
Dream on... #Comey is my homey 
They don't allow visitors in GITMO, you may want to get another homey, honey.
Ah, female supporters of #PresidentPussyGrabber what rare and curious creatures.
Wel said!
We all know now where you stand
We stand with you
You rock!
What's the punishment for perjury to Congress again? How about for knowingly conducting a known bogus investigation against a sitting president & defrauding the government out of $$ millions?
One of my favorites. #MLK inspired my leaving corporate to work to PhD in Management - leadership and org change with focus on ‘not by the color of their skin - but the CONTENT of their character’
Don't quote MLK.  You are not honorable enough to quote him.
So you were standing as a politically motivated leader instead of a law enforcement professional. Now you’re sitting as an unethical book author hoping for sympathetic ears. Likely will be held to answer for your crimes sitting in a federal prison.

You're NOTHING like MLK ever was!
Can you please stop High jacking the words of a truly great man, for yourself, in a completely pathetic attempt to justify your own unethical, smarmy, and likely illegal behavior? Please.
You going to Prison or the Grave, either way America wins.
Sure, like when Edgard Hoover was penetrated in the ass by Special Agent Tolson. What kind of morality are you talking about? What kind of ethics? What kind of decency? And you are a Catholic? Give me a break!
No one truly believes this... not even you... Signed 
Former fan.
Well, the 1960's FBI sent MLK an anonymous blackmail letter, trying to convince him to kill himself. 

And you tried to rig a presidential election by throwing a criminal case for a psychopath, to help her get elected.  

Now it's a #SecretSociety? 

Go to hell. #ReleaseTheMemo
Thread /1.  I used to live in GA & voted GOP 40yrs, until T. It’s difficult for me to know you really believe what you said in your tweet. I thought everyone in the GOP Congress actually knew the truth & their actions & statements were just politics
Good Lord have mercy on us all
Thread /10. Use logic. Be objective. Logically, if Comey wanted HRC elected, why would he notify Congress, & effectively the entire world, on October 28, 10 days before the election, about the newly found emails & that he was reopening the investigation? Don’t parrot . Think!
Do better research. It was FBI agents in NY that initially uncovered this & here’s what happened when Comey had the info LONG before October 28th. His hand was forced by actual PATRIOTIC FBI AGENTS!!!

http://investmentwatchblog.com/remember-when-over-100-fbi-agents-threatened-to-resign-to-force-comey-to-reopen-clinton-probe-comey-is-an-operative-of-the-left/ …
You need to do better research. In HS & college you we're taught how to evaluate sources for reliability & bias. It would do you well to dredge up the skills and put them to use. You should also solely use Least Biased Media sources. Here is a list of >250
You’re Twitter profile claims you’re both conservative & liberalbut I’m only seeing you tweet liberal news sources like MSNBC, CNN, Joy Reid, NYT, etc. You also appear to not be interested in the FISA abuses memo or the “missing” 50,000 texts. 
Your 250 list w/Harvard on it
I don’t have enough info about the texts. Were there 50,000? Can you provide links to Least Biased Media about the texts ? Did you read the Harvard source or assume it must be liberal if it came from Harvard? Did you know Harvard Review had a research article against gun control?
Why do Dems “lose” the vital evidence?
IRS/Lerner”missing” emails recovered
Hillary33K ILLEGALLY deleted plus BleachBit & smashed devices
Strzok/Page 50K texts go “missing” when Obama orders Russia investigation & texts resume saved the day Mueller is SP
Where was that quote when you were selling our country down the river? You were bought & paid for by @BarackObama @HillaryClinton & the devil himself @georgesoros You should pay 4 what you've done!
Shut up
You can't sweet talk this one....you will end up the scapegoat if you don't start talking.....Donna Braizile did it....believe me they won't protect you....
Glad to see you lawyered up you sanctimonious pr#ck.
Does James understand what he did to what once was our most prestigious law enforcement agency? The good men & women in @FBI have been made to look like fools. He destroyed their reputation. How James looks in the mirror everyday & holds his head high is beyond me. …
You lied under oath to Congress. You exonerated Hillary Clinton before investigation was even concluded. You cant use damage control now buddy. This #ReleaseTheMemo is a reason you got fired. Have fun in jail :-)
Please, MLK was my hero. Do not disrespect his name by comparing him in any way to your lying self. You have destroyed the once sterling reputation of the FBI and now no one in the country who is paying attention trusts them anymore.
I don’t call being given a million dollars to start out with. Then walking into a great business his father worked hard all his life for   A hardship. Then taking that business and going bankrupt, not 1 time but 4 times a good business head either.

Listen to him --- being a liar under oath is standing up for what you believe in good man
Comey: Are you seriously thinking YOU are like the person MLK is describing in this quote. It would be funny if you didn’t have so much influence. It used to be “lock her up”. Now also lock you up.
Oh Lordy Jim, looks like you were lying during Congressional testimony about not telling anyone in DOJ etc regarding Clinton server announcement - everyone knew before hand.  Do you seriously think intent required to violate Espionage Act?  Obama ordered that & you went along.
#notabot #lawyerup #ohpleaseBlockMe
#LockTrumpUp
The only locking up will be when you look left not right.
Wrong,  they have Don the con for obstruction of justice.  How many have been arrest in his cabinet?  Looks like numbers are climbing
Keep your eyes wide shut
Real question, how many in trumps cabinet have been arrested?  Why is Don the con hiding returns? Why no Russia sanctions?  Don the con is in bed with Russia.  The FBI now is coming after trump in full force
Lol
Well done sticking up for your country and its laws, in the face of  a brutal attack by the WH and congress.  We must stand together for freedom around the world.
by the time Trump is done, there won't be any honest people left in his administration at all. Hope he is stopped before he gets that far.
JC  congrats on your new job.  I believe you to be honest, patriotic and highly intelligent.  Thanks for staying on the path of the light.  AS for haters seems they are perfect beings....yet incapable of running for Government hmm?
Fits very well today!
#ReleaseTheMemo #WeThePeople #GreatAwakening #ComeyIsACommie
Well maybe u should follow your own advice and start telling what really went on with saving Clinton by FBI during election the truth will set u free
You are truly a disgrace to our great FBI!
Right Jim.Oh wait,you lied about Hillary investigation from beginning to end, all while cloaked in your magic media created boy scout persona. Now your co-conspirators in leaking memos is your lawyer?? You're time in the barrel is nigh .
Has to make your heart sing when you realize your name will eventually be up there with Benedict Arnold on the list of reprehensible @ssholes who tried to betray our country.

#HaveANiceDay
It's all falling a part little boy. You at the very least lied to Congress under oath. What a clown
The insane resistance and demonizing of the President is not people standing up for democracy!
You think your so untouchable.  The truth is coming and your going down.
You BET WE WILL STAND UP for what we believe in and what we believe is YOU and others should be brought up on charges long ago and Hillary should be brought back in to PAY for the crimes she DID commit and was and is guilty of that YOU cheated the law. SHAME IS ON YOU & like you
In that case I would compare you to the KGB. What is it that people in the FBI are afraid of us lowly citizens finding out? Rigged investigations? Improper FISA warrants? Illegal spying on American citizens who have done nothing wrong but draw the ire of some PLSD?
The friend you leaked to 
Is now your lawyer
You never did coward!
If you work for the government you don’t have the luxury of your convictions!
You do your job and keep your opinions to yourself!
You work for the President!
Not for yourself!
Quote: “Quoting prominent historical leaders and other effective figures does not elevate one to their level”-Me
Exactly sir - I can see you are re-evaluating your past deeds and trying to come to terms with your actions.  That's the first step to recovery

Soon u will have plenty of time to read!  Maybe even get a job at the prison library?
Does that mean you will finally admit the truth that you covered Hillary ilegal destruction of emails, use of private server, sending classified information? Also that you lied under oath, obstructed justice, and leaked classified information? Hope you like orange.
I had hoped that it would have been President  Hillary Clinton that fired you, but you made sure that didn't happen, didn't you?
You are a liar, it's on tape

A Man or Woman have nothing in life without their word #trust #ruleoflaw
U and PS should be in jail!!! Get ready JC! Orange is the new black!!!
You are going to jail! #ReleaseTheMemo
You believe everything you read and noted? Fine quotes for those that deserve to have them applied to them. Where are you standing now..behind your lawyer? That's speaks volumes Comey. Trump is standing tall and will continue. You guys lost. Thank God.
Amen
We ALL know n fully understand where u stood during Clifton investigation...but ur days as a free man r numbered! #TickTock
Wouldn’t lying, dishonesty and total lack of integrity say a lot about a man too?
#releasethememo
I believe in TRUTH and JUSTICE. Things that seemed to slip away from you and McCabe.
Sheesh, how insufferable
Lordy, Too little...too late. I wonder if they’ll let you tweet in Gitmo. Bastard!
Clueless
Shut up
They're coming for you Jimmy. Giddy up. #GetReady #cantwait #excited #DenOfThieves #StayTuned
This tweet didn’t age well for you Comey!  Lol!  Buh-Bye!
I agree. 
Standing up for truth is important so #ReleaseTheMemo
Stand up guy eh?  All the while the FBI is rotting from within and getting in bed with corrupt politicians.  That sir is your legacy.
James Comey, you are the worst kind of person. A clear liar who refuses to step off his self righteous perch. You are not a person anyone should be looking up to. #DisgustingHuman
Did you forget this tweet??
Are u talking about the memo, jimmy?

#SecretSociety
You can quote whomever you like...but you did not practice what you preached. Coward for a leader of the FBI!
