The House Republicans are betraying their nation by attacking law enforcement to shield Trump! History will condemn their actions! Let's hope our Republic survives. @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @RISenate @TedNesi @projo @RIPR @DianeRavitch @RIFuture
think you got that backwards.the democrats dont care about the country or laws,there is nothing to sheild trump http://from.law  enforcement isnt above the law.they should be held accountable if they do something wrong just like everyone else..
Thanks for playing, Natasha
Is this thing real?  How do I scan for bots?
you just made my point.. im real and not a thing but a person .if you cant handle other peoples opinions maybe twitter isnt for you
Were you just called a bot??
thats what they do when you disagree with there ideas call you a bot or nazi or racist
Umm ... you are a #NeoNazi, Patie -- which I'm thinking is why you're called one.
Well put, Mr. Comey. Thank you for trying to lift up our spirits. America is suffering because of Trump, and we need people like you right now. THANK YOU!
I was happy for 8 years. Until 11/9/16.
1: it's "aw", not awe. Awe is a word (not a sound) that means to be overwhelmed with reference, admiration, fear. I get that you might be overwhelmed by someone like me who thinks & has a heart. 2: mocking mental illness is gross but thank Obama, ACA covered it for those in need.
Thanks, Resister-Sister. She implied that I'd lost my coverage or was off my meds.
(1) Yikes.

McCarthy was a flawed man who made bad decisions. There are a lot of them in government.

But.
(2) "In the 1940s, the NSA had a top-secret program called Venona which  intercepted (and much later decoded) messages between Moscow and its American agents."
(3) "The recent publication of a batch of Venona transcripts gives evidence that the Roosevelt and Truman administrations were rife with communist spies and political operatives..."
(4) "Who reported, directly or indirectly, to the Soviet government, much as their  anti-communist  opponents charged."
(5) It's easy to shout "McCarthyism!"

The REALITY is--of course--far more complex than the slogans...
Spot on to all your posts. CIA friend verified same facts.
So you're not worried about the memo in the slightest? Or is this just posturing?
@AGLynch to @Comey about calling it a “matter” instead of the crime it was~ “And, again, you look back in hindsight, you think should I have resisted harder? I just said, all right, it isn’t worth — this isn’t a hill worth dying”
“That language”, how many X’s does @Comey look down while being questioned by House Intel Committee? Too many to count, each time, he lies. 
@DevinNunes 
@ChuckGrassley 
@RepMattGaetz 
@Jim_Jordan 
@TomFitton 
@HouseGOP 
@RepDeSantis 
@replouiegohmert
I hope there is jail time awaiting Comey and his top level cohort. Isn’t it funny that just 14 months ago, Democrats wanted this too, but now suddenly love this traitor? Dimms doing all this show to help HRC run out her statutes of limitation. Comey playing this game too
Comey, what is your seven pieces of silver for this debacle?
Judas was filled with greed, 
Taking the money   is a transference of the crime & justifies the action in the perverse mind. Pleople like us will never understand.
Guess that train collision didn't quite work out the way you wanted. Nice try though. We see you ~Q
Oh stop that paranoid conspiracy theory 
You're totally right. It's not like the Obama Administration wiretapped Trump or sent PALLETS of cash to Iran or anything. Complete fantasy.
BHO didn't wiretap DJT. The FBI was following Manafort & Gates - now indicted on 12 charges of conspiracy against the US, conspiracy to launder money, failing to register as a foreign agent, making false statements & failure to report offshore bank accounts. DJT's transition team
BHO didn't pay Iran for anything. US seized the money in the Carter admin. This has been in litigation longer than I've been alive. A ruling finally came (from judges) during the BHO admin. He reluctantly gave the money back but used it to leverage the return of  American lives
The Carter administration froze Iranian assets. The Obama administration sent pallets of cash to Iran just before he left office. Completely separate the lifting of sanctions & release of the Carter frozen funds.
It was Iran’s money!
The pallets of cash B Husein Obama sent clandestinely was NOT Iran's money. The $150 Billion he and Valerie Jarrett lifted the sanctions on was Iran's money. Speculation is the pallets of cash were payback for the donations to HRC, which were negated by her campaign loss.
I feel so sorry for your country mr @Comey. Some people’s reply’s makes me wonder if the writers parents are siblings...hopefully this madness will end soon.
Nunes’ history of and failure in playing politics with the FBI can only blow up in that weasle’s face. What the GOP is doing to undermine the FBI and national security will be their demise!
Trump thinks if he keeps firing people in the FBI, there'll be no one left to investigate him. We know exactly what he's up to. If the FBI were partisan, jails would be full of political prisoners. People who refuse to see Trump for what he is are not American Patriots.
And this is precisely why there hasn't been a woman president yet. Twit.
There will be! Women from both parties are sweeping the electorate!
As long as you run better candidates than the last one.
That’s precisely what 70% of Americans said about the idiot who won!
Ha ha ha. That "idiot" kicked the living crap out of the best you had to offer.  What does that make her? And all of you who picked her? And btw, how did he win with only 30% of the vote?
With Russia’s help and the traitor’s collusion with the Kremlin  he stole the electoral college and lost big time in the popular vote. But you can have the maligning mysoginistic Liar! The majority of us don’t consider him president!
Speaking as a weasel or a liar, or both?
Tru dat
Or James Comey you weasel.
Are you trying to threaten people via twitter comey? :( You've really let yourself stood to a new low homo
President Trump is about ready to speak about the memo release. Listen closely, pay attention. Taking back our sovereignty through our right to Democracy. Mother America 
Only a russian bot would say Mother America.
We need more people like you sir.
Or Comey.
There are a lot of streets and schools named after MLK. Someone the FBI spied on. In case you forgot.
‘Weasels and Liars Never Hold The Field’

Which is why you were canned.
Comey under oath March 2017: 

"In regards to the President's tweets about him being wiretapped I have no information that supports those tweets as we have looked carefully inside the FBI"
I just can’t understand why people can see what a corrupt, liar, dirty cop Comey was and still is.  I think they all should be hung for treason!
Hahaha! Let's meet back here in a year and see who's been charged with what products you'll still be calling for hangings.
No we didn't. Mueller didn't start on the case until May.
We must stand up.
Yes but that would mean GOP in Congress are not good people and I'm afraid that has what has happened to politics and what Citizens United has brought just more of. Not even a handful stood up re this PR release called a memo.
When is your book about how you cost @HillaryClinton the presidency of the United States going to be published?
We know what your kink is and apparently there is video.   We are looking foreword to you’re total downfall.
Oh man ComeyHope you’re saving your advance book money for your legal bills. You’re going down blue suit chicken. #Gitmo will be a nice joint as enemy combatant of  & its Constitution soon. #ReleaseTheMemo #FISAabuse
Your the liar
yup, and democrats are leaving the field right now along with a few in government agencies that's following right behind. There surely won't be schools or streets named after Brennan, Comey, or Lynch either. None in any government agency chooses who wins an election.
TRUMPAGANDA
noun 1.
Donald J. Trump expressed information, of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote his political cause or narrow point of view. Related: chief/frequent proponent of "fake news" something he accuses of others, often to his political base #NunesFakeMemo
Kudos, sir. Given a choice between the credibility and honor of the FBI and the current corrupt, evil administration, there is absolutely NO CONTEST!
That's why you're off the field.
I am going to name my next bowel movement after you.
When will Russia release the pee tape...we all know it exists.
You should be. Once this FISA thing hits the fan, you better duck.
Dang @Comey  You sure do have a lot of trolls and Russian bots following you don't you
Last time I checked comey never grabbed anyone by the pussy, trump did.
I never read anywhere we're trump grabbed anybody's pussy Unless you're referring to Obama when he shook his hand
Obama has only been married once. How many times has trump been married. Heck, he even talks about sex with his daughter.
Omg now you're boring me with you're bull
Truth hurts
Actually!! not really especially when it's coming from a bot
Jie McCarthy no but there's a Confederate Ave in Atlanta tho. And there's a carving of the Confederate generals on Stone Mountain...
Hey Jimbo, you dropped your soap.
or Roy Cohen
Thank you Mr. Comey
Our LEADERS are speaking up and want the truth out you hid exposed. All your tweets, leaks and lies won’t protect you now. Did you think you and your criminal friends were going to take down a president because the traitor you protected lost. The insurance policy backfired.
Maybe there will be a few named after James Comey someday soon.
Yeah: the driveways leading into prisons.
You should know a lot about weasels and liars since you're a master at both! You're not fooling anyone.
The United States of America did just fine for nearly 200 years without a federal police force. I think it's time she tried getting along without these politicized snoops once again.
Right...so tell me, do you huff paint daily or just twice a week?
DIDNT HOOVER RUN THE FBI ? U think he was all on the up and up? Waging a secret war against blacks & gays?? We arent talking bout the rank & file of the FBI - we are talking about a few Bad agents at the top that took matters into their own hands because of BIAS !! Dont u get it?

Lol jealous I'm guessing that some prople can work and take off during the day. Weird how that works.
Guess so. Sad thing for you.
That you only get an hour for lunch.
You lost the moral high ground when you decided not to prosecute someone because she was famous...and you expected her to be president. Anyone else would be in jail now
Appreciate seeing you in federally issued clothing!
Hahaha! No problem! Much love and thanks so much for watching the show! We all appreciate it greatly!
Wait! It’s tomorrow right?
Your signature on a Dossier then asked a judge for a warrant without revealing who paid for it is Criminal. If you have no answers for what’s reported you Sir should ride off in the sunset and hope you don’t go to Prison. You have lost faith with the American People
Christopher Steele might not been aware of who was paying for the Intel...

http://docs.house.gov/meetings/IG/IG00/20180118/106796/HMTG-115-IG00-20180118-SD002.pdf …
Talking points? That’s no excuse for not doing your job!
Confused, are you asking for talking points?
The FBI has thousands of top tier individuals with diverse political beliefs who leave them at the door and do their job.Trump's cabinet is billionaires+RWNJ's who don't do their jobs bc they hate their depts.DT lies,golfs,+raises money,when he's not raising Hell.
Patriots or Eagles William?
My heart sez Cowboys,my brain sez patriots with a dissenting vote for the "Iggles" from my super ego.
Ha, I get it!
SF is my team, but think it would be great to see the Eagles take the win 
I'm really interested in the fresh guacamole that's waiting for me lol!
My late wife was an Eagles fan.She cheered for my boys thru 3 Superbowls. In fond remembrance to her companionship I reciprocate http://today.Fly  Eagles fly.
Oh, that's a fantastic story! Then I'm with you my friend! 
#GoEagles
Peace, and good luck.Hope the joss is with the birds.
Give McCloud a badge and send him to New Mexico--3 game saving tackles in first quarter.
They're "speaking"? You must mean leaking. Just like you did. ILLEGALLY #FBI #corruption #ObamaGate
They're preparing an orange jumpsuit with your name engraved on it
Yeah. That’s nice. Except that you caused this. You investigated both campaigns, but shielded one while you had no standards for releasing details on the other.  Yeah, I know. You thought HRC would win. But you still did it.
Don’t make a mockery of our intelligence SIR! Even your own know that you have disgraced the FBI’s highest office. Your  antics are a reflection of you and your leadership panel. We will always love our @FBI agents. I wonder which will be the lucky ones arrest YOU! 
This is an interesting statement you have included. Is the tragic failure in leadership the accusation of House Republicans, the lack of acknowledgement of the men and women of the FBI, or that he was only there for a short time?
That's why good people stood up to you. And this is why weasel Comey is not holding the field. LMAO @ "we are not weasels" in Oct 2016. #Comey #Weasels #Memo https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/oct/2/james-comeys-jarring-phrase-we-are-not-weasels/ …
Commie... not only looks like a weasel but I bet he smells like a weasel after a hard rain...
THE FBI HAD NO CHOICE BUT TO SPEAK UP. IT'S CALLED BEING DEFENSIVE. BY THE WAY, CAN YOU TELL US HOW THE FBI LOST THOUSANDS OF EMAILS? THE FBI DOESN'T LOSE ANYTHING BY MISTAKE. I HOPE SOME HEADS ROLL AND, @MeetThePress, TODAY SHOULD BE VERY INTERESTING.
I was a life long Republican but I am now unaffiliated with party and seriously concerned of the treasonous behavior demonstrated and tribal behaviors.
James -why did you use a DNC and Clinton paid for dossier to get a FISA warrent since you never verified it?  And, why did you hide the source of it from the FISA judge!  That’s criminal!  Nice job representing the FBI!  Now America can’t trust the FBI!
I agree Jim and thank the good Lord that Trump was elected to "stand up" to weed out the "weasels & liars" like yourself. You almost got away with all of it but now, time to face the music


This painting of Trump is right on. He is indeed what it says!  #DonTheCon
COMEY your a SCUMBAG . MOST AT THE FBI R GREAT HOWEVER YOU AND A FEW OTHER DIRTY FBI AGENTS HAVE COMMITED TREASON. FBI SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOU @FBI @NewYorkFBI @FBIBoston @FBILosAngeles @FBIWFO @FBIMiamiFL @FBISanFrancisco @FBIPortland
Yes but plenty of buildings named for Trump before he ever set foot into public office. For him a legacy is something to be purchased, not earned through a code of ethics.
Who says you don’t have ethics simply because you’re able to make purchases of properties?  Strange thinking.
That *would* be strange thinking. Who *does* say that? Not what I said. Enjoy your day!
There are millions of us ordinary citizens who support the work & service of the #FBI & the #DoJ to protect our country from dictatorship & a Russian coup. We thank @SenJohnMcCain for expressing what we know - Trump is doing Putin's job. #VetsRESIST #NunesMemo #TheResistanceVOTES
NewTalk  Show #Comey's Corner  . how many "likes"can we get.
The @FBI is coming after you, James.They are not standing with you. You subverted our laws&Constitution for political purposes. You spied on a Presidential candidate to manipulate and election and leaked misinformation to force a special prosecutor to undermine the Trump Admin.
Comey you know you knew you were going to let hillary go scott free,the fix was in ,you have no room to talk.
Prolem is Jim you're not "good people" because you failed to follow through on your oath to remove biases from your position in the Bureau
And there will never be a James Comey Elementary School. #WeaselsAndLiars
Congratulations, Comey, you’ve managed to make J. Edgar Hoover look like a sane libertarian. Take your new place in history.
I try to believe in good conquering evil, but I have to admit I'm scared to death for our future.
Keep going! For one person can change the world, here’s proof   https://twitter.com/animal_fan_club/status/940538784415928320 …
As so aptly demonstrated by your dismissal....but you actually believe the drivel coming out of your mouth--let me guess, like OJ, the glove doesn't fit....
This is a personal resistance to so many of us.  I am all fired up about my children and my grandchildren’s futures,  as many people here are.  I think once this regime is gone, the world will unite with us again.#gofightwin  #inittowinit
The world needs more @Comey tweets.
But there are no good people in the @GOP.
I read once that there is no one as good as a good cop. And, that there was no one as bad as a bad cop.....or, a good cop who covers for a bad cop. I feel the same about politicians.  They are chosen to represent 'the people' and the members of the gop have really let us all down
I think the American people have a right to see what’s in the memo.  Also I think there should be way more transparency with the FBI since it looks like they were very biased.  They shouldn’t even have the appearance of biased but with those text messages it was very obvious!
OK, that's an unrealistic viewpoint, and quite simpleton-y to assume no Americans exist who can put aside their personal preferences while doing their jobs. Most people who work elections, vote, for example. EVERYONE's got preferences.  Professionals can put them aside at work.
https://twitter.com/Comey/status/959197429156466689 …
Boom!
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE " ALL THE PRESIDENTS MEN " PART 2!! BASED ON A TRUE STORY HOW TRUMP KILLED THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!! STAY TUNED IT WILL DO BETTA THE "FIRE & FURY " #fredo #NunesFakeMemo
I really hope the @CoenBros make the eventual #TrumpDumpsterFireWhiteHouse movie. They are the perfect writer/directors for this f*cked-up story!
AMEN!! THIS WH SOAP OPERA BIG TOP SCANDAL IS GETTIN BETTA AND BETTA EVERYDAY!! THE WITCH HUNT JUST GOT REAL FOR DON THE CON AND HIS CREW!!! HE FORGOT THE MUELLER WAS THE ONE THAT BOUGHT DOWN TEFLON DON AKA JOHN GOTTI AND HIS CREW!!
“The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.” - Sir. Winston Churchill
You do realize that the analogy used is completely backwards... right? @realDonaldTrump is being accused by the @DNC of collusion with the Russians, and after 16 months- no proof?
Thank you for your service sir!
ʕ˘ᴥ.˘ ʔʕ˘ᴥ.˘ ʔ
My houseweasels resent being compared to Trumpublicans, sir!
“Of the people, by the people and for the people” - not of, for and by the ELECTED leader. I still hold out hope that the system laid out by our founding fathers will prevail.

Thank you Mr. Comey for your words of encouragement !!!
So true
Go kill yourself comey before we do
Why isn’t he in handcuffs? Traitor
A song for him...
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/21/us/politics/donald-trump-roy-cohn.html … Trump learned all his corrupt ways from Roy Cohn, Joe McCarthy consigliere (I'm sure I spelled that wrong LOL)
In other words there will be NO Comey Lane or Comey Kindergaten Academy! The punishment for treason should be swift and final.
Prison is where you belong since you lied so you could spy on a presidential candidate. Too bad for you @Comey Donald Trump  won and can strike directly back at you. #FisaGate
Some days I'm raw with emotion. 'Deeply appreciate your tweets. 
We love the work of the FBI. 
Thank you for all your work. I hope and pray this country can be saved by getting this self interested man out of office. This is not a hobby. This is our country and should be taken seriously.
There will be exactly the same number of anything ever named after you too buddy. Y'all are gonna pay the Piper. QRS11 ? Follow the patents.
Trump just doesn't understand the principle of three branches of government to ensure a system of checks and balances. Lord knows we should be glad our forefathers thought of that possibility.
You mean like these lies? Anything you say, can and WILL be used against you, in a COURT of LAW! #FBICorruption Not all the good people in the FBI are bold faced liars! You are the #HEADLiar ... you signed these affidavits @Comey! #FISAAbuse  #TheGreatAwakening
If you truly believe this, you should be extremely worried... This from the guy that exonerated Hillary before even interviewing her. smh
YOU are one of the weasels. THATS why you are FIRED
Sir, you helped give us DJT! Now, we have to pick up the fight to stop DT! U screwed up big-time!
Amen! Our president is shaming our country on a daily basis and it must stop soon!  #ItsMuellerTime #ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
Ah this tweet needs a re-up cc @TeaPainUSA me thinks other shoe drop w/in next 96 hrs?
Amen! I agree with you. Yours, the Clintons and the rest of you liberal liars will be outed as criminals and finally put in prison where you all belong! Eventually criminals are caught and get theirs in the end. #HillaryForPrison #ComeyForPrison #Trump2020LandSlide
Now we have McCarthy as president. GOP is the party of destructive abject ignorance; anti humanist, anti intellectual, with zero vision of the future.
Friends, please don't help this liar Comey get rich.  Don't buy his book, go hear him speak.
I won't buy his book because he is a liar and a traitor.
Ahem. My weasels would like to protest this derogatory use of their good name. Okay so they're #ferrets, but they're in the weasel family. 

Enjoy prison 
enjoy your misplaced faith in a charlatan. Go watch old videos of Trump. Hopefully you'll wise up.
Why would I? I didn't vote for Trump.
then why the hate?
Cause he is a liar, just like all of them. It's almost comical watching politicians trying to save themselves. Every one of them would eat their own kids to get ahead. A nuke could go off in DC and maybe then our country would have a chance. Don't be a sheep. They all hate us.
hes not a politician. I'm sorry I jumped to a conclusion on your political bent.
Apology accepted. But with all due respect, he is a politician. Not in title, but everything he does (and all in his department) is motivated  by politics and getting ahead in government.
Very valid point.
SIMPLY STUNNING: GET TRUMP Part 2 Shines a Spotlight on John Podesta and the genesis of the TRUMP RUSSIA SMEAR. Easy to read and gun-barrel stright to the point this is a must read if you want to understand RUSSIA-GATE and how it started
So weasels can't hold a field... but what about ferrets? 

@RidiculousBS
Depends on the field

And weasels can definitely hold a field if there's enough of them, those bastards are vicious
Your correct thankfully
and none will be named for trump. in spite of what some believe, donald trump is a criminal and a traitor. he will be disgraced and the vanquished will be vindicated.
Says the guy who leaked info to his buddy who's a liberal professor
True---it just the part of living through it all.  And I agree...where ARE the leaders.  Thanks for your leadership,sir.  Hope you are enjoying some R&R
Thank you for your many years of public service mr.comey
Didn't McCarthy run around DC interviewing anyone he wanted screaming Russia Russia Russia.  Always working the Alinsky plan, but It doesn't work when we all have the plays memorized.
It’s funny that you would use this analogy bc you and your kind are recreating the McCarthy era, along w the same only Mockingbird media. At least you’re aware that you will go down in history as the POS that you are.
There are towers, hotels, golf courses, chocolate bars and shower gels aplenty named after your current one.
This country is full of very ill witted individuals.   I admire your optimism though.
America should heed the words of our forefathers. 
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves. Lincoln

#VoteThemOut2018 
#DrainingTheSwamp 
#TermLimits 
#BuildTheWall 
#Congress 
202-224-3121
#LawAndOrder
#DirtyCop @FBI 
#CorruptDemocrats 
 #DOJCorruption 
@POTUS 
#LockThemAllUp 
@BarackObama 
@Comey 
#PitchforkAndTorches  
#NoDACA 
#DeportThemAll 
#NoAmnesty
#NukeTheFilibuster
The Myopic Right strikes against all those ideals true Americans hold dear with their favorite weapons; smoke and mirrors.  #American
It’s up to the good people of this justice department  to break up this Trump #fatberg.
Comey is only trying to sell his book..these stupid liberals can't see it. Also trying hard to save his butt.  He knows he was shady. you are in trouble republican only want the truth. Guess what we're finding it.
We are at a precipice in this our beloved land. The integrity of the FBI is the only thing protecting us from a fall into what's happened in Tukey or worse. It's effing scary folks!
I think we should name a yard at #Gitmo for Comey #ObamaGate #FBICorruption
They r speaking up to IG Horowitz that’s why Andy was urged to retire . U r next . Report out next month . Get a good lawyer
Thank you for your service to our country. I appreciate your fighting the good fight. We owe you a debt of gratitude
Takes one to know one.  You lied to the FISC when you signed off on the three FISA applications on behalf of the FBI.  Last I heard that's a felony offense.
You packed for your flight to your Argentinian estate yet Jimmy? Or are you going to take your chances in court?
Here here! I’m waiting for him to go to jail
The president isn't above the law. That's why this is happening. Trump (drumpf) is a John  Gotti wanna be. Well gotti died in@prison.  Trump made these choices no one made him do them. So may the chips fall where they may. My money is on the United States of America not drumpf
On your walks do you ever think about how you got this monster elected president  ?
You sure are throwing out a lot accusations, my guess is your projecting.
Why can’t Trump supporters spell, punctuate, or write grammatical sentences?
Because they are just like him.
You mean Awesome!

Jim your real chatty of late. Throwing shade isn't going to make this turd smell rosey. The warrant and how it was obtained and for what reason is the focal point of the soon to be investigation. The records will prove so much. #MemoDay #MAGA
The warrant started in 2013.
FISA warrant used a dossier funded by DNC  Hillary among other details. In my world that's  a red flag. But it was not stated or disclosed at the time the warrant was being obtained. Do you think a judge would ok it if he had the information on the funding?
Was originally funded by conservatives.
Weaponszed by DNC HILLARY paid for by them.    It's  all going to come out over time. It will take some time
Please hold your breath.
Don't have to. When your all in like the dems are. It's  hard to face the possibility that you can't change your view. And your narrative won't stand up to the facts. It will take time
The government got one warrant and THREE extensions cause it thought Carter Page was a spy. What am I missing?
Not a lot of streets names after J. Edgar Hoover either... the Original Rogue Agent!!!
Our leaders are:President Trump, VP Pence, Rep Nunes, RepGowdy, Sen Grassley, Rep Gohmert, Rep DiSantis, Former US Attorney Di Genova, former asst FBI Director Kallstrom and many more against the disgrace you, Rosenstein, Mueller, the DNC, Hillary, obama and all your RICO gang.

J C you are a disgrace to america, to the @FBI, to all law enforcement you should be jailed you crooked dirty bad cop, we all know @seacoastharley @marklevinshow  @mitchellvii @IngrahamAngle @dbongino @GeraldoRivera @The_Trump_Train @purespoken @SebGorka @MarkSimoneNY @VP
Voters need to step up to be heard, communicate with officials, volunteer and made donations.
I usually don't stand up for our  law enforcement but for once I'm on Comey's side. Trump, Ryan, McConnell aren't the swamp their the cesspool on steroids.
McCarthy should be a hero.  Fighting the Russians collusion in the USA.
U S REP. Adam Schiff ( D-Cal ) TRUTH ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP . FACTS CAN BE MANIPULATED TO SET A SNARE FOR THE UNGODLY FOOL  BUT BY ALLOWING FACTS TO REVEAL THEMSELVES GIVING EACH AMERICAN CITIZEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEE WHERE TRUTH RULES SUPREME AND REIGNS THRU INFINITY .
They are speaking up, that's why McCabe was fired.
You are no good.  You destroyed the integrity of the FBI and DOJ!!Tell it to your friends Hill and Bill ! GITMO AWAITS YOU!!
So proud of you and Robert Mueller!
Please stop talking...
Indeed
Won't be any named
James Comey Boulevard
either.
You doth protest too much you insolent, corrupt parasite.
In the long run for sure but how much damage and pain is incurred in the meantime? Will we be able to extricate ourselves and rebuild?
I guess you're waiting for a building to be named for you?  How about the #James Comey Washington Post building?-to reflect high ethical standards in leaks.
Weasles and liars never hold the field...  I guess that's why you were fired!
Yes Comey FBI Agents should speak up about the corruption within their ranks.If they did,their career would be over.The example you set to the yourAgents who trusted you, is beyond reproach. You LIED,you LEAKED INFO.,you Participated in illegal Acts. Was it really worth it? 
And that is why you lost your job and will be indicted on perjury charges. Good job with that.
And dont try and blame your firing on anything but yourself, because if Clinton got elected she would have canned your crooked ass too.
No honour amongst liars and thieves.
Referencing the statement of Edmund Burke,18th c Irish statesman and writer "all that is necessary for evil to succeed is that good men do nothing."  You are a good man, waiting for your book.....
At a time when Trump's bunch of thugs are raising a ruckus about football players taking the knee, he encourages lack of respect for one of our most respected agencies...the FBI, why? because they have the dirt on him, he should be ashamed but nah, we are talking about Trump here
Weasels -- yup!
So glad you are one of the good people.  Decent people know what Trump is and what he has always been.  It was a sad for American and the world when he was elected to this office.  I think the WH should be fumigated after he is out of office.  His family is no better .
Good people did stand up. We voted for President Trump. I have been called Deplorable by HRC. I have been called vulgar names on Twitter. I now know that US citizens including TRUMP the citizens was spied on. So you see we can't believe you. Trust is Gone.
Looks like classic transference to me . . .

Thank you James Comey.
By the way, you were supposed to catch criminals, not become one.  Embarrassing to all the hard working field agents.
You’re a self proclaimed criminal “LEAKER”
If you want to know what a democrat is up to, just look at what they're accusing a republican of doing
More people in the FBI should have spoken up when the brass was conducting illegal activities. No one wanted to do right thing Mr. Comey. Justice will be done.
Weasels and liars? Like when you wrote an exoneration letter in the Clinton investigation BEFORE she was interviewed then lied under oath about when you made your decision? You are pathetic.
So you will never hold the field WEASEL SLIME BALL COMEY. YOU NEED 2 BE LOCKED UP.
Joe McCarthy was actually proven by history to be mostly right . . .
And no schools or streets will be named for Jim Comey.
“This is much larger than just texts between two FBI agents.” A high-ranking FBI official confirms a number of the missing 50,000 FBI text messages — as well as other text and email messages among FBI brass — reportedly discussed initiating physical harm to @POTUS Donald Trump
Mr. Comey, You sir are dishonest and a coward You tell me Hillary showed no intent Server in home is intent moving classified material around illegal Simple
When bullies are the # 1 answer on question  "why kids don't want to go to school" hard to say it's not in school,  just not named McCarthy.
Problem is: You screwed up the election and the world is paying for it.
Keep it up James ! History will judge you as an American hero for bringing down a monster that used a evil murderer in Putin to help him to take over America

There will be a prison named COMEY the trader though !
The FBI needs to keep speaking up and not stop. That is what Trump wants. Shout it from the rooftops and the streets just like they would have done before the internet. Since the Inception in 1908 of the FBI they have not been assailed their own country.
The bots and trolls are in fighting spirit today. The good thing is we can spot them.
And Ironically, Joe McCarthy was proven correct you arrogant POS. Venona, CPSU archives, FBI files all show every person on Lee List guilty.
I bet I know more about Joe McArthy than you do. Like Trump, he was vilified by an orchestrated, Democratic smear campaign. Your name will live in infamy.
Weasels, you say?  You ought to know about weasels.
You could've listened to your boss, but she was a woman.
You could've respected protocol, but you wanted to punish a woman.
You could've revealed Trump's campaign was under investigation, but he wasn't a woman.…
who leaked FLYNNS NAME?? why did Hillary receive 145 million from RUSSIA?? why did John Potesta get 35million?? WHAT WERE CLASSIFIED SECRET DOCUMENTS doing on a CONVICTED PERVERTS LAPTOP?? WHY DIDNT @FBI do anything about it? #LOSER!!!
Awfully puzzling how this is a real thing though 
My husband’s grandpa was Chief of Staff to Gaylord Nelson and during this time, grandpa and Grandma were at a social event where she snubbed Joe McCarthy and he got offended.  Good times.
#ShowMeGowdysEmails Mr obstruction of justice himself @TGowdySC   #TrumpRussia dirty deeds of the @GOP @DevinNunes @DonaldJTrumpJr  ...
You should know .... Clinton associates fed information to Trump dossier author Steele, memo says
Well said sir, particularly the last point.
We're seeing a new twisted, even beyond it's original sociopathic ethic, of McCarthyism! 
Not the 'Red' threat this time but simply mobsters in the Gov't destroying from within!
Funny you talk of weasels and liers which you are both. If any FBI spoke up for you we need to look into them they might be as DIRTY as you. 
If it was up to me, looking at you, MCABE, and other SICKOS, I would DISBAN the CORRUPT system. But their actually some good ppl there
You give me hope!
But angrily/ironically there are lots of buildings with Trump’s name.
You better get some better attorneys.  If they haven’t advised you to stay off Twitter, you are paying them too much.  You are digging your hole deeper.

Comey/Clinton music video. Whoever made this did a great job. 

When did certain people in the intelligence community and @FBI become so all powerful that they feel they can threaten their commander and chief @realDonaldTrump and step on the constitution believing that their end justifies any means? https://twitter.com/mzhemingway/status/959857080869052417 …
TRUMP beat the Bushes and the Clintons, beat the Republicans and the Democrats, beat Hollywood, the mainstream media, the pollsters, the pundits, the Never Trumpers and the billionaire donors, Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry, Gaga, Jay Z, Béyoncé, Clooney, Damon and Lebron#Trump
