Too many of the most productive among us would NOT be here if not for the welcome of this great nation #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat
Many of us are children and grandchildren of the most poor and most uneducated. And we have thrived here and made this country better.
We can not let that cycle end. Because if it does, our nation loses and loses and loses.
Progress never ends. She just hits orange speedbumps from time to time.
She. 
You people are BLIND to what is about to happen to America. Technology is going to bring MASS UNEMPLOYMENT. The days where New Tech created enough NEW jobs for the  ones that were replaced is OVER.

You dont want to be HONEST about it cause:
A. You dont know
B. You Virtue Signal
"Robots Could Steal 40% of U.S. Jobs by 2030"
"Robots could take over 38% of U.S. jobs within about 15 years, report says"
This tweet proves how much of a liberal hack Comey actually is.

I'd bet I know who you voted for, James.
Richard Burr speaking about forensics.

Devices the actual FBI under Comey had their hands on.

 Clinton email server
 Podesta devices
 DNC machines
 Clinton Devices

But Platte River Networks did.
Comey was Loretta Lynch's Puppet

 investigation
 criminal investigation

 matter

Why did you call the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton a matter?
I thought it was strange, Jim, that Tina Flournoy emailed John Podesta on 03/09/2016 and brief him. I'm the term gross negligence.

Here is the Wikileaks email, so you can refresh your memory.
#TinaFlournoy 

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/45924 …
Wiki leak is Russian trash!
Please dummy, Wikileaks is Russian propaganda. Smh
45 just in case you are looking at this tweet that's our Lady, Lady Liberty ... And it's the inscription, have someone explain it to you!
The inscription was written for a contest to raise money for the base of the statue. It is not policy or law.
Kay...you’ve made that clear. It’s still a poem valued by Americans.
Valued, YES, but not law. That’s the fine point. Would you all feel the same if the inscription had been The Ten Commandments?
That’s an excellent question Kay. A good time to ask “What Would Jesus Do?”
Would he be passionate and kind?
Yes, but he would advise all to obey they law. “Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar’s”. Etc.
We do have many, many that are opening our laws. We also others, of ALL ethnic backgrounds that break our laws. People are so upset because tgis was s very racist statement. Do you welcome ALL legal immigrants, even those from Africa and Haiti?
I welcome all who want to come here legally and contribute to our country. We can not afford the burden of those who believe we’ll support them. https://fairus.org/issue/publications-resources/fiscal-burden-illegal-immigration-united-states-taxpayers …
As someone who was supposed to enforce our nation’s laws, I’d expect you to know the difference between legal and illegal immigration.
He’s running.
Something .@realDonaldTrump knows nothing about.

Why didn’t you let the American people know that Donald Trump was under an active FBI investigation months before the election?
Trump nder investigation because of a fake dossier, wow you really need to watch more than CNN, watch both sides and then comment.
Do you ever listen to anything except Fox? The committee report released by Sen. Feinstein showed he had been under investigatio before the dossier  because of reports from other countries. Stop saying it was because of the dossier.
If you don't like FOX try reading CNN is fake news 
Hopefully you’ve been watching @seanhannity Tick-Tock
Trump ignores anything American that is honorable. He probably can’t even tell you where this quote is from while he can see it in plain sight.
Remember that letter you sent? Thanks

Nice try jimmy the weasel dog whistle.
Sadly we have a “pussy grabbing, shithole” as our president. Not my words, his.
America, children are not born racists. They are taught by their parents. As adults they have the choice to change how they were raised. This just goes to show you where the stable genius @POTUS , learned it from, and, it also tells you what choice he made! #BlueWave2018
Humans are a tribal species; we have in groups and out groups. What you refer to as "racist," is really just a natural response to outsiders. How would Mexicans feel in 50k Haitians settled in Mexico City?
With due respect, that is just baloney and a way one can excuse him/herself for being a racist.
Exactly

Barnyard KKK talk 
You happy now Comey???? Look at the horrible danger and helkacious mess we're in because Hillary's emails and partisanship were more important to you than RUSSIAN SABOTAGE OF AMERICA. GREAT JOB. Not a hero.
I think about @Comey frequently & wonder if he treated @HillaryClinton differently because she is a women.
I can't even begin to figure it out as more is revealed about what intel already knew. They all let the American People vote without critical facts. That shakes me to the core. It's way beyond politics. JMO.
I voted against the  Embarrassment because Every EVIL thing in him is, & always was, obvious.
There were also lists of statements from s of high level People warning that he wasn't safe.
That has never happened before.
And Decades of old news.
The indications were available.
MSM knew a lot more on RU/trump & didn't say a word until after the election. I hold them also accountable for that. Sickening
Those FBI agents allied w Rudy should go to prison for extortion and tampering with evidence.
Agreed but I'm pretty sure COMEY wasn't one of them.
Agents in NY FBI actually extorted Comey to force him to take the infamous letter to Congress...

Do you have any empirical evidence to back up your assertion? Because to me, it just sounds like a platitude.
Just don't send the ones from the sh**hole countries.
What can 'We The People' do to help with a speedy removal of this Disgraceful #ShitholePresident from the Oval Office??
First we indict the corrupt leadership Comey promoted and supported through their criminal activities and with extensive bonuses and monetarial awards. Sickening
Hope it won't be long!
James doesn’t have a singular thought of his own.  Spends all day googling quotes.  Spent his life cleaning up messes of others who bribe or blackmail him.  Very weak character
Make up your own quotes for your own legacy @Comey  !
This is the bed YOU helped make @Comey. Unfortunately, we’re all stuck laying in it with you. #hypocrite #fraud
How did this country do anything when it was 90% white in the 1970 census?
Quoting a poem. Boomers. I hope gen z is as based as I’m hearing.
Tonight at our kitchen table my wife and I tried to explain to our 6 yr old a bit about who Martin Luther King Jr  was and the racism he fought against. Tomorrow we’ll get to talk to him about how our @POTUS today personified that racism and everything King fought against.
 you're a better man then Trump could ever dream on being stand tall you are the man
As @RobKendt wrote we are focused on the "-hole" of the statement - but there is more to the story. I have been thinking about the 'why' of it that starts it...what ignorance and arrogance it contains which endangers the very fabric of this nation and of being a human being today
Have you traveled the world? I'm guessing not because some places are just #Shitholes.
I've traveled all over the world .... don't make assumptions about people you don't know... that's the first thing I learned in my travels.
Calling a place a shithole isn't a reflection of the people. It's referencing it's aesthetics. Trash, pollution, etc. This applies to several places in the US as well.
That's why that was arguably not the most offensive part of the quote. The words "Why do we want people from" is the issue.
But he's right, why do we want them? Are they going to continue their life of poverty or are they going to contribute to our society? Should we accept people that are going to come here and live off of the taxpayers? This is why we need a merit system like Canada
These are not hypothetical questions. Do I need to pull the research on how much immigrants from everywhere contribute to the economy, on net, or cite personal friends and their families who have been doing this for generations?
I suggest with all respect that "Why do we want them" does not express an American value
The U.S. shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic Violence." Art.4, Sec. 4.
You helped pave his way in so get off your high horse - too little too late
You realize the plaque was an invitation for Europeans only to come over here to steal and hold Indian territory. And even then, every time a wave of those poor wretched refuse came over and took jobs at lower wages, they were discriminated against. But hey, plutocrats flourished
this is humiliating for me
The lesson is to let sleeping Neibuhrs lie
Hey Jim, remember when you didn’t tell us that the Trump campaign was under investigation, but decided it was OK to bring up Hillary’s emails, right before the election? Good times, pal!
Is all diversity good? The industrious and the lazy? Those who respect the rule of law and those who don't? Those who respect property rights and those who don't? Those who respect intellectual freedom and those who don't? The honest and the liars? ...
Do we need more Fascists? Communists? ...
Do you give any weight--or even note--the criterion "yearning to breathe free"?
Do we accept those instead yearning to dominate?
Diversity of culture is weakness. Strength is in unity.
Go away, please!
Amen
Can’t wait to hear your in jail
#admittedleaker
Aren't you glad you helped to put trump into office? You did your best to ruin Hillary. Congratulations.
I feel like flying back to my “shithole country” now. Ireland  forever.
Can I come too, if Comrade Cheeto McBonespurs gets his way, America will be nothing but “Conservative Christian right wing Republican straight white American” racists. To paraphrase Tod Snider.
Your stupidity is epic, A glimmering jewel of colossal ignorance I find it amazing that you have the capacity to breathe.
I like your banner.
I know. I’m just trying to keep my sanity, so one of my NY’s resolutions was to respond to insults with something nice. It’s sometimes hard to find something nice. 
You’re a more mature person than I am. “When they go low, you go high.”

I usually try for the jugular vein or lower.
That promise brings people from every other nation with a dream of being free citizens of the greatest nation on Earth. They endure things I can't imagine to be something I was lucky enough to be born with: American citizenship.
So they abandon their country and then demand we turn ours into theirs? No thanks. Merit should get you here, not pining for collectivist revolution.
Thank you, Mr. Comey. It's ironic that your kindness and integrity got you fired.

Hopefully someone reads this to @realDonaldTrump and hopefully someone also explains it to him
"Mr. President, the poem on the Statue of Liberty is just wishful thinking and has no authority or force of law."  How about that?
Oh, I get it!  You want it *explained* because he's an orange buffoon who through his orange buffoonery built a fortune and defeated not only 14 contestants in his own party but the heir apparent who was backed by the most powerful propaganda machine the world has ever seen.
Yeah, he's got to be an idiot.  You, on the other hand, are a snarky super-genius who hasn't been rewarded simply because the wrong people have been in charge his whole life.  I get it.
Aww muffin... It'll be ok, take breath
See?  That's *exactly* the kind of snarky genius that *should* be rewarded.  You are truly the Mencken of our age.  Please let me know when you decide to run for office.  It would be an honor to campaign for you.
How does it feel to be so daft that a stranger on the internet can manipulate you like this? Really, cuz I don't know... You tards crack me up though so thanks for that
Stop!  You're wasting it on me!  I'm already a convert.  Go and spread your message far and wide!  The fate of the world is riding on it!
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes told Republican colleagues in two closed-door meetings this week he has seen evidence that shows clear "abuse" of government surveillance programs by FBI and Justice Department officials, according to three sources familiar
Devin Nunez is a crook and a liar - one of Trump’s puppets. The only reason he is sticking by Trump is because he has skin in the game.  He, like most of the other cowardly Reps r complicit to Trump’s treasonous actions with Russia.  Wake up,,,
You wake up. Party you support said in court they don’t have to run fair primary. They are cheaters and crooks. Trump is MAGA
Sad
Says the man who has no respect for our laws or country
Say the person who supports a president who violates his oath of office.
#ShitholePresident
What oath has he violated???
His oath of office he took at his inauguration.
He is violating the Constitution by breaking the First Amendment.
How has he broken the 1st amendment lol by using it lmao 
"Congress shall make NO LAW RESPECTING AN ESTABLISHMENT OF RELIGION, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or ABRIDGING THE FREEDOM of speech, or OF THE PRESS; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
1. He's constantly making laws respecting Christianity.
2. He's threatened CNN and multiple other media for negative criticism.
3. And he did condemn the attack on people peacefully protesting against him when President Erdoğan's bodyguards attacked and assaulted them.
America is a perm dominantly Christian country that’s why her laws reflect Christian ideology 
2 what CNN has done is liable and I believe Trump has a real case against them for slander did those people have a permit to protest at the Rally?
Accomplishments of the Dirty Cop
but her emails
JUSTICE “does roll on like a river”. @COMEY You lied and Leaked. You do not represent the honest hardworking agents at the @FBI, only corrupt ones. Seems like @FBI agents will need to be un-masked instead of innocent citizens. Comey in the Clinton
Spare us the sanctimonious bs quotes. You owe the American People an explanation abt 2016 election, u & fbi are incompetent or corrupt for failing to reveal trump Russia ties b4 election #shame
BS Comey! You are the most corrupt of the corruptible. Justice will soon win over your crimes!
I still believe we can stand together and bring back America from the disgusting Trump presidency.
I believe in the American People too, Ms. Wassie.  This fight is going to be long and bitter.  It is imperative that respectful Americans stay energized for years to come.  Thank you for standing strong and doing your part.

#resist
I will always fight and stand with good hard working Americans who believe in what our great nation! Thank you for spreading the truth!
Kind of, James. Kind of.
This is the #ShitHole Open Border Diversity you & your #DemocRats imposed on this country for 20 years ...  I bet you have a wall around your House dont you #HowdyDoody #Comey....  #BuildTheWall
True! So for the sake of 'diversity' we should let in more immigrants from all over and not just from predominantly #shitholecountries.

Respectfully, you should have thought of that before you gratuitously trashed Clinton in 7/16 and wrote that letter to Chafetz in 10/16.
#AmericaFirst We have “huddled” masses and horrendous Poverty right here in America! Charity Begins at HOME Praying for OUR American homeless @realDonaldTrump let’s take care of them FIRST!
@mhmhart I think France should ask for their statue back.
The truth of the statue original intent isn't something ns learn in our history books and we sure don't honor it.
You’d think head of the FBI would know the difference between a poem and the law
You must not have known that under the Statue of Liberty there were holding cells for those that were not deemed allowable entry into the country or for those who could not pass the background checks of the time.  I guess you are not a fan of history.  Your own will long known.
Increase your knowledge.  It will make you a better person.


That's cute....now do the CONSTITUTION 
#MAGA
First tell @realDonaldTrump to follow the Constitution.
Prove he hasn't
He's constantly breaking the First Amendment, thereby violating his oath of office.
Hahaha
"Congress shall make NO LAW RESPECTING AN ESTABLISHMENT OF RELIGION, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or ABRIDGING THE FREEDOM of speech, or OF THE PRESS; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."
1. He's constantly making laws respecting Christianity. 
2. He's threatened CNN and multiple other media for negative criticism. 
3. And he did condemn the attack on people peacefully protesting against him when President Erdoğan's bodyguards attacked and assaulted them.
He hasn't done any of what you claim
#MAGA
Trump will probably blow up our Statue of Liberty for a distraction if we don’t relieve ourselves of him soon.

Still great words that make America what it is.. A land of opportunity & a place to be free for everyone.
Not elitist, master race, racial, agendas.
Give me your votes, your votes, your huddled masses yearning for free handouts...
Are you SERIOUSLY using God to support your bigotry and ignorance???  #Deplorable This is what Christianity has become???  A haven for racists???
Daniel:  First time you ever communicate with me and you call me names — but I’m the one with the problem
Here you go @Comey JW Pres. Tom Fitton on Clinton Emails/Comey Memos, Trump Dossier, DACA, & Haiti/Clinton Corruption
Are you ever going to reflect upon your role in all of this?
you have lost your mind.
Give me a break!

LMAO
The country's greatness & true genius would lie in the person with the most votes winning. Democracy .. what a novel idea. Some day, one hopes ..
#DirtyCopComey
What happened to you or were you always a fake?
James it's time to give up your "GOD COMPLEX" you're just fired FBI Director who thought he could usurp a fairly elected PRESIDENT.
Who should be imprisioned! #MAGA
You're going to jail pal. Good luck with the huddled masses in jail.
Unfortunately people aren’t like they used to be. Plus, we had an empty country to fill and that is not true anymore. At some point you have to say no more until we care for what we have. The founding fathers would likely agree with that because they used common sense.
So you're saying times change...and you're thinking for yourself rather than blindly being in awe of some words written in another time for another purpose.  Hmmm... common sense and objectivity. Many think it's much easier to kneel at the feet of the Comey's of the world.
You will have plenty of time to write niceties in jail.
We love diversity. We don't love lawbreakers and harboring people convicted of breaking our laws. If you love our country, you must obey our laws. Including the laws of immigration.
If Trump and Russia establish the dictatorship they want, we might as well pack up Lady Liberty and send her back to France.  We wouldn't deserve her anymore.  
The people won't stand for it. If 50 million people decided to revolt against the government, the government wouldn't stand a prayer.
I'm just afraid there's still too many people with their heads stuck in the sand who won't bother showing up.
Well, even if it is a 1/10 of 50 million, the end result would be the same.
Such a beautiful concept .too bad 99.9 percent of the illegals that come here would know what you were talking about if you touted this to them. I'd say okay ?now where do I sign up for all the free shit.
I meant to say that THEY  would say where do I sign up for free shit
.@Comey You’ve gotta be kicking yourself for not stopping the trump /Russia collusion during the campaign. We’re in a hostage situation now.
Politics is a dirty game who knows what actually went down
Kinda like the gingerbread man (you) getting a ride across the river by the fox (guess who) only to be eaten on the other side. It's his nature and you sir are no hero.
But it doesn't mean to be stupid as a country and not take prudent steps to ensure our well being as a country in whole. Respectfully don't take it out of context Comey...you've done enough of that.

How about you get enough evidence to make something happen that gets the ignorance out of our Highest office?!
Stand strong Sir. We believe you over pathological liar Donald Trump and the complicit Republican Party 

#ImpeachTrump 
#EnoughIsEnough
Don’t let him turn our capital to #WashitholeDC
Washithole W
It’s a poem, Comey. Not law, not democratically voted upon... it’s a poem, Comey.
How about applying this to your own people? Oooo you make me mad. So disapointed you got bought and bullied. FBI! Uhh it was your job to prevent the perversion of the law. Gross neglegence indeed!
My trust for the FBI hierarchy is gone. Thanks #Comey. And btw your little quote doesn’t get respect back
You screwed over Hillary by unethically announcing you were reopening her recipe swapping email investigation, then closed it right after Trump stole the election! 

Why didn't you delay the election and investigate Trump's Russian connection and child rape lawsuit?????
Federal Prison is very diverse...about 20% are illegal aliens. What more could you ask for? You have denigrated the FBI and civilian servants reputation...I can't wait until you go to jail ;)
Tell it to the lying, stable racist genius.
Those soaring words seem rather sad and ironic now  :(
These words were placed onto the Statue of Liberty, after it was given to us by France.  Nowhere in our constitution will you find these words.  We will not surrender our country to the false son of globalism.  We have plenty of diversity.
Mr. Comey why did you interfere with the free presidential election process of 2016
Well.... you should have been more careful!
You played the GOP card - and here we are: from #WashingtonDC #WashitholeWC
Comey.  I wish I cld have YOU back. There are many people that are corrupted
You *do* understand how you're a huge part of being at this must risk as a nation, right? It was you duty to announce possibility & speculation on HRC, but not so much with the HIGHER risk of intelligence based possibility of Trump? Feeling sick yet?
Get your history straight, hope u r gettin some great legal representation!
No! This country’s greatness and genius stems from its ability to follow its CONSTITUTION. This poem was used RAISE MONEY for the construction of the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty. A statue originally designed to stand overlooking the Suez Canal. A MUSLIM woman. #Immigrants
We have you to thank, for having this racist in office. Who doesn't even begin to understand the constitution, or the ideals that this country was founded on
Trump's version might be "What the hell are you doing here?"
Hey @Comey  "The storm is coming". You can run but you cant hide #QAnon
Sorry Mr @Comey , you cost hillary the election. Don’t get all preachy on us, because you were a big reason we’re stuck w @realDonaldTrump #resist hi @lordbewithdude
Being profound and quoting quotes still does not make you any less a criminal...

#Diversity #thisismyvoice #HearMyVoice #LoveOneAnother #NotMyPresident
Thanks & maybe if you weren’t so ill-informed you wouldn’t have helped bring this treasonous administration upon us - destroying our democracy & environment. #ThanksComey
#Comey is trying to link his name to others' names (MLK or Jesus or Burke) in an attempt get people to associate him with them.

We don't.

You're crooked. 

The law is closing in.

Deal with it.
Perhaps a more humane solution would be to get these immigrants to take to the streets of their own country (in huge numbers) as they do here....and transform and reform their own nation to be more like America since they love it so much.
greedy bastard.....why don't you house and close them with all the money that you made getting paid from the Clinton crime family. Seriously nobody believes that you mean anything that you're saying right now
Diversity is what made our country great.
Mr. Comey, you are the one who made trump's presidency possible. You knew the entire time what he was under investigation for. Yet, you threw the "Hillary email" conspiracy to the public to ensure that trump would win. You, sir, are no hero. You put the world in danger.

Jim.... Tick... Tock... Tick...... Tock.
#ReleaseTheMemo FBI guy One thing that Americans don’t like and that is to be spied on. So very sad. Now because of you and Hillary Clinton no one trusts the DOJ OR the FBI. You change the wording so that she would not be charged – that’s not OK. Have you no shame? #LeeEricNewton
Even 20 years ago it would be impossible to imagine they would have allowed an openly gay man to run the FBI. Never mind one so effeminate. I know it didn't end well but know this, you will always be my Director Mr Comey and an inspiration to a new generation of gay men 
How did you help bring America's current nightmare about?
I’m guessing the only response to that would be something like, “It was complicated and horrible, a no win situation.” Though from the cheap seats, it still reeks of bias.
I was asking the question of Mr Comey.
I know. Sorry to jump in.
Not at all. I simply wanted to clarify to whom Q was made. 11th hour announcement ran counter to DOJ protocol, norms & direction of AG.
As long as they enter legally!
Oh please...ur so full of those hole countries.
Busted...anxious for your perp walk...should have been cuffed when you testified to leaking. It aint over yet jimbo.
https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/former-president-maryland-based-transportation-company-indicted-11-counts-related-foreign …
Great to see that your surgery at the Clinton lobotomy Clinic was a complete success! Congratulations!
"The New Colossus" is a sonnet that American poet Emma Lazarus wrote in 1883 to raise money for the construction of the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty. Nice try Sparky; it isn't law. #TickTock
Here is a bible quote for you @Comey "When Justice is done, it brings joy to the righteous but terror to the evildoers" -Proverbs 21:15 #ReleaseTheMemo
If you think that a few quotes are going to get you anywhere you have totally lost your mind. It’s not working Comey, nothing you are doing is working. It’s all going to come out and the curtain will be pulled back revealing all of your http://shenanigans.You  are all going down.
ILLEGAL immigrants sneak into this country for freebies. No inclination to assimilate  (see little Havana, little Cuba in Miami). That's NOT diversity. We have locks on our doors to protect our homes and families. Same applies for ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS breaking our immigration laws.
Diversity see how you like it in jail

"This country’s greatness and true genius lies in its diversity." NOPE. E pluribus unum Comey. You don't know much about our history do you? @evanperez
If you are here legally and not a gangster or an illegal killing poeple from dui or...raping our children i guess those types of people are diversified too smh
I didn’t realize some liberal bullshit written on some statue was the law of the land, but since when do you care about laws?
Yawn
A country's greatness also comes through a population that loves a country's laws and whose citizens in positions of authority over others do not disregard the rule-of-law and give preferential treatment to friends that have committed potentially illegal activities.
Ah yes. From the New Colossus by Emma Lazarus, NOT the UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION as people like you believe & try to tell others this is why we should have open borders. Sorry Charlie Brown, you missed the football again!! But!!! A cellblock awaits you soon. Mueller rescinds imm
LEGAL Diversity. 
Ps keep your shite corruptness away from my Legal only Immigration nation New Zealand/Aotearoa
Next week is gonna be rough. Be ready. I’m gonna enjoy seeing you in orange...soon.

And... you gave us Trump.
Bring out the evidence and let’s impeach him.  I know you have enough on Donald Trump to jail him.
I can find some homeless people right here ! When would you like for me to bring a bus load to your house? - you lying Sack of Kiki !
@Tim_Canova @TulsiGabbard @noamchomskyT @RandPaul True, but most important ‘diversity’ is the diversity of civil ideas not different colored jellybeans singing the same corrupt song around the corporate table as in company propaganda photos which r usually fake.
We're also a country of laws...but that doesn't mean much to you. If a person wants to be an American Citizen then they should do the right thing and do it the legal way.
Said the corrupt globalist masquerading as a patriot may God have mercy on you
@comey
@SenateFloor @HouseFloor
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
#q #qanon #anon #LockThemAllUp  #FollowTheWhiteRabbit

HSBC Money Laundering $10s of Trillions
Comey - Director HSBC
Meuller - Chief Counsel HSBC

Lynch - Prosecutor
Lynch Fined HSBC $250 Million
DID NOT SEIZE Bank or Money
Not that you have any regard for the Rule of Law but that doesn’t say illegally enter the country. 

And it IS after all the Statue of Liberty not the Constitution.
Eat shit.
YAWN...
You and Acosta. Two peas in a pod.
Please do study the Statue Of Liberty. Only the Statue! Then study that plaque that was added very much later, and why. Those words you just wrote are not what the Statue of Liberty stands for, and the poem has nothing to do with the original Statue, or the reason it stands today
If Authoritarian/Autocratic Trump is allowed to continue his lying rhetoric, he will change the Statue of Liberty into his image!
Exactly. No calls for #Oligarchs
Do you feel that you are more important than our functioning democracy?
What an idiot you are.

Youre only remaining degree of relevance, is your pending indictment for your treasonous abuse of power.

You Sir, are going down.

#FBI
#Treason
#DeepState
#Russia
#COLLUSION
#FISA
#TrumpDossier
#HillaryClinton
#DNC
#Obama
#FusionGPS
A poem on the Statue of Liberty  isn’t an immigration policy!
Are you aware that the poem, "The New Colossus" is not law?
This still rings true & we thank you for sharing it. One gets the feeling you are trying to send a message to #DonTheCon.... the guy you kind of helped get elected?  Signed, A Confused & Broken-Hearted Nation
At the time this great monument was erected, immigration was controlled to allow the assimilation into our society. Our country is great because of civilized behavior and lawfulness. To encourage illegal behavior with no consequence does not help our society.
You did your part to get us here.
Oh! The Statue of Liberty Law of the Land again!

Because Democrats didn't take civics
Is this code for “I sexually assaulted her”(#USA)
#ReleaseTheMemo  #MAGA
#WeAreTheStorm   #Qanon 
#WeThePeople    #NotABot
Maybe you should have read the Constitution or any of the laws you were supposed to enforce when Blowbama was you leash holder...

This entire immigrant mess is about coming to #America #legally. The statue of Liberty stands where the immigrants could see her on boats to Ellis Island and they were vetted and made sure they had no disease and had to report to the police department at least monthly!
Please so what the Democrats can have a reason for the money missing everytime...the scam is up millions of people know corrupt this past administration was it's over! Thank God and some people need to repent for if there is a hell in which they linger there is also a heaven
Man ...

 Thank you Mr Comey 

with You
That was before welfare.
sad
“Give me your illegals, MS-13, your drugs and crime”.. that part was added by democrats.
Why are you so desperate to get more folks into the country J Edgar Jim? Do you need more folks to spy on? You are a Dirty Cop
How about giving us #WeThePeople some truth?!
Untill then no one cates what you have to say
I'm tired... you seemed fairly non-political in your interview I actually watched it... the oath one
Much too late
LEGAL: do you understand that word
#SchumerShutDown #JAMESCOMEYISALIAR
This is funny coming from that weasel!
Many #Dreamers, men and women, have laid down their lives in service to our country. 

ICE just prepared to deport 2-tour US Army vet. His response from jail is breathtaking http://washingtonpress.com/2018/02/01/ice-just-prepared-deport-2-tour-us-army-vet-response-from-jail-breathtaking/ … via @anteksiler
Too bad your judgment harmed a woman running for President. Gender diversity is important too. Odds are if she had been male, you would not have reopened that investigation.
Hah. Seeing this all over Twitter on left side tweets. You guys got your tweeting orders, huh?
We love you a lot
Trump could not make it more obvious that he is a hateful racist, xenophobic, misogynistic, ignorant #ShitholePresident! Not to mention he's committed treason. #ImpeachTrump Lordy, I hope it's soon! #ComeOnMueller! #RussiaGate Can't believe you lasted this long @realDonaldTrump!
OFFS! Liberty Enlightening the World! The poem that was affixed to the base does NOT by any stretch of the imagination bind the United States Immigration Service to allow everyone in without coming through proper channels! This is another indication of your disregard for LAW!
Surely you concede the negative impact of uncontrolled borders, over population, etc. America has grown, but we grew too fast the last 20 years. Gov failed to plan:( This passage from 100’s of years ago does not apply, we must plan for immigration not force it down our throats.
Always has, always will!
The bullshit that spews out of this lying corrupt shithead.
Yeah If You Come Here Legally  Give Me Your Poor&Tired.....#How Do You Sleep@Night?

ICYMI | DOJ Prosecutor: Comey, McCabe, Lynch, Yates Waged Stealth Plot to Destroy Trump https://truepundit.com/doj-prosecutor-comey-mccabe-lynch-yates-waged-stealth-plot-destroy-trump/ …
Anyone can cut and paste something someone else wrote in another time period. It doesn't mean it is relevant in an ever changing world. I believe Americans prefer to think for themselves. Here is a bible verse. Does this still apply word for word? Think not.
they all came through Ellis Island legally.
Where does it say give me lawbreakers. ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS are LAWBREAKERS. Come here through the process according to the law!! This is all just a distraction to throw the American people off to try to hide the FISA MEMO!!! #ReleaseTheMemo
