You helped decide this election in October 2016. Don't act innocent here.
His letter was the last straw for HRC.
Yep and his press conference tanked her numbers.
Bc Comey listed all the felonies HRC committed, and then said it's ok bc she's hillary.
In your opinion.  Which apparently doesn't count for much since she's been cleared in every trumped-up gop conspiracy over decades. She also won the election by 3 million votes.
She lost the electoral college... which was developed by our Founding Fathers so the people in population centers did not have unfair representation in elections. Trump won more than 90% of the land area in the US.#History #Deplorables
Oh, does that mean donny is the king of dirt? Land where no one lives? It's very easy to claim acerage that doesn't have a vote.
Need them more than ever.
Persons in leadership should avoid all appearance of impropriety, regardless of political affiliation, especially in law enforcement.  I wish you both well!! Lessons Learned??
I’m sorry, but law enforcement in my mind should be politically neutral. From what I have seen as a Centerist is that the FBI has huge issues and has gone back to the Hoover FBI and all of its messy issues. When texts show how polarized the leadership in the FBI it’s an issue
This is...wrong.
On a bunch of levels.
All of this is wrong. An on going investigation wasting tax payer dollars that has found next to nothing. Until I see proof the investigations make sense and it is real proof, I just shake my head and say it’s time to overhaul the FBI
Yeah but..back to your tweet before you go all Sean Hannity on me here...what does it mean for law enforcement to be "politically neutral".
Like, they can't vote?
Can't have opinions about our countries policies and leaders?
They can. And I’m not Hannity or others. I’m a former democrat who tried republican because both parties are a mess and decided I’m somewhere between the two. So you are wrong on the guess. But to say the FBI investigations are politically motivated is foolish
The FBI investigation into Russia & its meddling & trying to influence our election is not politically motivated.
It just so happens that Trump and Co. became targets of the investigation.
I firmly believe there has been MORE than enough evidence in the public space to warrant.
But they have found no hard facts this is the case. And, not that I’m in love with th past of current President, this President had been way harder on President Putin than the previous administration. So, I’m seeing just the opposite. I’m about facts more than Witch hunts
No this president has NOT been “way harder on Russia” than previous administrations.
getting nervous jimmy?  You should be from what I understand. @FoxNews Can you still profit from a book if you are in prison?
#ObstructionOfJustice
With all due respect, your actions regarding Hillary’s emails helped get us here.
I hear ya.
You knew for an entire year, perhaps longer, that Trump was working with the Russians, why in God's name did you not warn us! Why instead did you regurgitate the Clinton emails....Why?
Okay. Although I’ve been a little bit crushing on @Comey since the senate testimony, I’d like to know why, too.
Me too...tall drink of water!
right now i see it as water under the bridge. recent events and all... im scared.
I know. I’m on the fence. But I’d still do him in a heartbeat.
Lordy!
Remember when you meddled before the election and failed to say trump was also under investigation?
Thank you. Comey contribute to this mess.
I'm terrified
So am I.  I think this is worse than we actually know
Comey saying "America needs you" gave me chills. The bad kind.
Yes Zak and Comey know whose guilty and who the criminals are
SOS  SOS SOS
Your going to jail with Hillary 
Actually you@are right and I doubt you will see any streets or any other public buildings named http://Comey.You  will not remember in fondest of ways,more like the man who guided the FBI reputation.
Huh, thinking not so much based on today's info. 
It’s a disgrace what Trump is doing to the FBI and our Democracy.
MR.COMEY .. 
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL IF THE FBI DID GET FISA WARRANTS AGAINST AN  WHO IS THE SUBJECT OF AN INVESTIGATION INTO #TrumpRussiaCollusion
#RussiaProbe ? ? 
THIS WAS REPORTED FROM THE VERY BEGINNING OF THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN? @BarackObama
#Treason 
18 U.S CODE £ 231 - Treason 
£-Looks similar enough 
lol, so dumb
I wish him the best too. #IStandWiththeFBI ,even though I believe you made a few mistakes,I am "Thankful"we have these agencies working everyday to protect us. I'm sure there's a lot you could tell us,like DT,s tax returns
Thank You for your service.
The insults that McCabe had to put with from Trump are horrendous.  I commend him for all he has done and for staying strong through the Trump abuse.
Do you commend him today after the FBI itself recommends he be fired?
You are part of the problem we have this mess.
#WeThePeopleDemandJustice fire Comey
Quite sure they’ll be catching up to you Comey, very soon. Obama really did a number on all of you. Hope it was worth while to all of you that disgraced the FBI.
uhh..ok
I think people in general believe in the integrity of the FBI. They can launch all the investigations they want, in the end, Mueller will prevail. Thank you for standing up for Mr. McCabe.
What makes you so confident in this assertion?
Mueller already has the Intel info, flipped those in custody. The people of this country know the FBI thwart terrorist attacks, etc...
If you had one once of integrity you would stop pontificating. You picked the wrong team. The light will illuminate the darkness. It's over.
You are a wacko.
He has replaced you as my Twitter cover photo for a few days! I continue to be appalled by this mistreatment of valued public servants. #IStandWIthFBI
McCabe betrayed the trust of the people with his biased and possibly criminal Anti-Trump maneuvers. That is what cost him his job.
We'r tired of rats covering up for rats .... Clinton's - YOU - Obama - Rice - Lynch - Holder etc. There are other capable & MORE capable professionals that can fill McCabe's & your shoes.
Get LOST #Comey
#ReleaseTheMemo
You’re a true American . We stand by you and McCabe.
So glad to hear your voice in this. We need all good people to stand tall and strong against Trump and his likeminded non-democratic followers. It is a disturbing time that we could look back on with deep and never ending regret.
I love Kevin Corke keeps me calm in the DC storms! No Harf on @OutnumberedFNC =I can watch! Shep Smith gone for a week! Life is good!
The arrest of James Comey is coming very soon. 
America needs a strong FBI sans corrupt managers.
Not one person at FBI was elected
......you're lack of moral clarity, and self service at the expense of the Republic, disqualifies your opinion on anyone or anything related to the treasonous scandal unfolding...you're a domestic threat to Constitution
SUE THIS GUY .. @seanmdav 
IT'S TIME JAMES @Comey
McCabe violates the Hatch Act and Basic Government ethical standards
Really? Really?
You know this to be true, or...like everyone else, you're
just
guessing.
America watches in horror as opposing criminal organizations aka two parties engage in gang war, each accusing the other to deflect from its own crimes.
 #FISA #Putin #Sanctions #HouseRepublicans #NunesMemo
You calling him Andy really provides some proof that, "Andy", in the text messages, is indeed McCabe. Thanks for that you traitor.
I hope Trump is enjoying getting rid of members of the FBI while he can... I have my suspicions that very soon it's going to be members of the FBI getting rid of him.
Other members of FBI are not corrupt..only the top echelon.
More likely it all took place inside your head 
trumps losing this election fair and square that's in my head too !
So angry that every American is not standing up against Trump's attack on the FBI and DOJ.  As an attorney, his attacks on Mueller are particularly infuriating.  Trump is not above the law.  This is NOT okay.
Trump is not above the law? Attack on the FBI?  Are you high? 

It's Obama that used the FBI to spy on a private citizen to advance his party's campaign. Horrible abuse of power.

Obama is not above the law.
Hillary is not above the law.

#ReleaseTheMemo
Leave her be. She can’t help it. She’s from Santa Monica. They SHARE brain cells out there.
President Trump is shining light on vampires like you within our government — I can already hear the "Oh Lordy!"

Figures
He’s a criminal. And so are you.
And he gets his Pension and Benefits!
Dirty cop
Comey and McCabe politicized the FBI.  Comey's book tour, interviews and spin won't change that.

Mr. Comey. I wish you could help us understand this McCabe thing. Of course I assume Trump is venal, Sessions is an idiot and Rosenstein is compromised. But the IG report is said to be scathing. I wish you could explain what’s going on.
Wikileaks, Cambridge Analytica and Russiagate did far more harm than Comey. He is a GOP scapegoat...do not lose track of the real culprits and the gerrymandered electoral college trumped all else.
You all made big mistakes. Learn from it and move on, instead of continuing to create division.
And you’d better hope your rakes in enough $$$ to pay your legal bills. #Liar #brokethelaw #hurttheFBI #hurtourDemocracy #jailtime
Something tells me @Comey’s friends in the @GOP aren’t a big fan of him these days.
Special Agent Andrew McCabe stood tall over the last 8 months, when small people were trying to tear down an institution we all depend on. He served with distinction for two decades. I wish Andy well. I also wish continued strength for the rest of the FBI.  America needs you.
He has no friends
You are a fool.

America’s finest you are not.
Your are democrat trash
What qualifies for an insult from you is really quite sad. I wish you well. I’m sorry you hurt so much.

There will come a time none of them will be able to walk down the street. Biggest fear. Public awakening.
Well @Comey too bad, we are awake. Your corrupt queen lost so all you traitors lost your cover. #WeThePeople win. America NOT for sale
There is still the untouchable king due to the color of his skin.
Trust the plan
Pray
No actions taken against Hillary’s wrong doings for political reasons is not something we expect from the FBI. FBI are supposed to be neutral. In McCabes & Comey’s case They used their power to overlook Hillary’s wrong doings, and even acted against the Trump campaign. FISA!
He "stood tall" while he was leaking to the WSJ and lying to investigators about it?
America needs you.... To be prosecuted and jailed. Slimeball
You are a puppet of Obama’s Dems, you are a liar, but a very stupid liar, so you are just a cheap clown. Idiot

He’s toast. You’re toast. The FBI is a much better place without y’all delusional political cowboys.
.@Comey McCabe crimes referred to USAO DC. You feeling "queasy" yet, Jimbo. #DirtyCop
Aging rather poorly. Just like Comey’s judgement altogether!
No one is trying to "tear down an institution". Just trying to root out the corruption so the honest FBI agents can do their job.
Seriously?  You think Trump wants honest FBI agents in charge?

That's exactly what he's most terrified of.  That's why he's busy smearing Mueller BEFORE the investigation is finished: the only hope of a guilty man is to discredit the law itself.
‘Small people!’ Wow, the arrogance.
This doesn’t age well.  loser.
LoL.....
Aging poorly.
Don't fail us.
He was corrupt. FBI is not trusted by American people anymore. Glad he’s gone!
@Comey 
I bet your going to regret pushing for special council, when one is appointed to investigate you and your corruption with the Obama DOJ. BRING IT ON. 
Drain the swamp.
Wow, your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Here's what Q says to us:
"They think you are STUPID.
They think you will follow the STARS.
They openly call you SHEEP/CATTLE.
THERE WILL COME A TIME NONE OF THEM WILL BE ABLE TO WALK DOWN THE STREET.
BIGGEST FEAR.
PUBLIC AWAKENING.
Q"
The DOJ's IG AND FBI's OPR BOTH determined that McCabe should be FIRED. TRUMP had nothing to do with it!
This tweet did not age well
. The @FBI agents are the ones who wanted McCabe fired James. You act like he is being picked on. Your problem is what he knows... I think if I were you, I’d stop bringing attention to myself. #KeepAmericaGreat by finally ending the Deep State! 
We have our own #MEMOS#ComeyTheLeaker
Comey will be arrested on the VIEW.
That would be awesome along with Whoopi and Joy! 
The bigger they are Jimmy "da weasel" Comey, the harder they fall.
I will NEVER trust or depend on the FBI again, thanks to you.  THAT is your legacy.  Remember this:  the evil that men do lives after them.  The good is oft interred with their bones.  Julius Caesar.
You're right America does need them .the honest, hard working Agents who put the will of the American people and the law above their partisan politic bullshit, McCabe got what he deserved. Actually no he didn't, he didn't go to jail for lying under oath like the rest of us would.
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You fucking douche.
He represents the Democrat Party. Visceral haters who buy the votes with 2300 page law packages. Every type stroke paid for on K Street.
I loved America. Too bad it is becoming another Islamic State.
The days of buying a bum whiskey while you take him for a vote. It’s now called welfare and the Democrats own it.
Sorry, I don’t hold the FBI in such high regard because of personal experience, limited as it may have been.  The agents in question were pompous, arrogant assholes that thought they were God’s gift to law enforcement.
America doesn't need your tall, corrupt-ass anywhere near our Govt Agencies. Have fun your $$$ book tour, I'll be there.
I’m starting to see what you mean by “with distinction” now!  He is as sleezy as you with values mirroring you and your self centered actions.
McCabe’s firing was recommended by the OIG of the FBI that handles discipline and stems from a Justice Department inspector general investigation that found McCabe authorized the disclosure of sensitive info to the media about a Clinton-related case, then misled investigators.
Just stop it with the facts, already!!!
One Thing About Them Tables ... They Always Turn
You think this tweet aged well, Comey?

You and Andy don’t seem to be standing quite so tall today after the initial / partial IG Report release.

And the really juicy stuff is yet to come. Soon will be your turn.

The Big and Tall store should have Soap on a Rope to fit you 
The FBI is a bunch of corrupt a holes.
216K likes? Seriously? 
It’s the opposite of shadow banning, it is now known as ghost liking.

Maybe it all takes place at a Russian or Macedonian troll farm.;)
You exhibited such poor judgment with McCabe. That alone justified your being fired.
You sound a bit desperate maybe you need a little psychiatric counselling
You have the fucking guts....
Enjoy!
Self inflicted by his own arrogance and insurrection.
What you been smokin', jimmy?
You still stand by this statement?
Who ever blaming @Comey fo loss of @HillaryClinton is stupid idiot! 

Hillary has zero credibility and trust that’s why comey’s letter look like change the people’s choice.
Awww poor little sissy boy snowflake you and #McCabe4Prison yall are both going to #Gitmo ! #Comey4Prison  #Hillary4Prison  #Treason  #Sedation #Liar #YourBookIsALie #ComeytheLiar
you Comey. Please do a lot of talking on your book tour. It’s all going to be used against you in court. #ComeyCellmate #PrisonForYou
I didn't know you though of yourself as small, comey...but you're right in that America needs a strong FBI...one whose leader isn't a shill for a presidential candidate...one who honors the badge...sonething you and your breathern severely lack(ed)
now what was the name of your friend? The one you gave classified memo to. You know you testified under oath.
Why didn’t you just call your special friend instead of telegraphing?
Comey is a sanctimonious creep, mewling over his chief henchman, Both disgraced the FBI. They should share a cell where they can "stand tall" together.
Up next, you, slime James Comey

Oh lord. What did he do?  I hope they don’t flip him . . .
He lied to you multiple times.

hahahaha!!  precious!
Maybe he will be your cell mate big guy! Your up next! Tick tock!
America needs a non political FBI.  McCabe was out to prop up Hillary and make sure Trump was not elected, or if elected to have a 'backup plan' to take him down.
You lied and leaked, he lied and leaked...  Neither of you have any honor or integrity.  Your book is a flaccid attempt to redeem yourself.  #scalesofjusticeneedtobebalanced #swamp #whitecollarthug #countrybeforeideology
McCabe, Like you, is a lying POS...
You think that your memos and #McCabe memos are going to hold weight. I think even Mueller knows you 2 clowns have no credibility.  Wake up buddy. 
#ACCOUNTABILITY 
#NoCollusion
HRC sunk herself by chosing an pvt server where classified intel went on Weiners laptop next to his dick pics he sent girls n police found.
Sure FBI is not an arm of the politicians & their big money donors! PROOF to the contrary. Obama was know to be soft on the financial sector? Who investigated the FELONIES committed against me?? Sure if I forged checks for 9800 i wouldnt go to jail? BS.
He essentially called you a liar, how do you like him now?
....lock your door....you are next
In a letter submitted by McCabe’s counsel after reviewing a draft of the report, McCabe argues that “the OIG should credit Mr. McCabe’s account over Director Comey’s” and complains that the report...
Adjoining cells in your future?
LOL
Maybe shouldn't have leaked and lied THREE times under oath huh?
By “stood tall over the last 8 months,” do you actually mean “lied to investigators over the last 8 months?”
This didn’t age well buddy. Seems like you may be next to be referred to the U.S. Attorney for criminal prosecution after lying under oath and leaking classified memo.
OF COURSE,  THAT WOULD B UR OPINION
BUT MANY TEND TO DISAGREE. 
MAGA!
What do you know about distinction, when you have no moral character?

This tweet did not age well.
OIG report makes it 100% clear that either McCabe lied to you or you lied to investigators about what he had told you.
Stood tall in the post, like someone who is capable of dunking a basketball. Can you stand tall in the post?
Or you could just answer the real question the people have been DEMANDING an answer to: can you, in fact, dunk a basketball?
Funny how u r doing your dead level best to make this bum into something he isn’t or wasn’t. The FBI disciplinary office recommended his firing. I’m sure the IG report will back it up. U sir r just as guilty. The truth is forthcoming. U 2 checked in ur integrity a long time ago.
Well that aged well. 

:smirk:
No america needs an untainec FBI  you and ur cronies not welcome
Hope he rolls on you
You are full of it, Comey.

He LIED and CONSPIRED to take down a (then) candidate and the (current) @POTUS and he did it UNDER YOUR DIRECTION.

7th floor criminals are not synonymous with the FBI.
The #Deplorables are crawling over your page and spewing their signature ignorance here. Sorry that Despicable Donny had treated you and many others with petty hatred. He will get his #MuellerTime.
He lied to FBI investigators. You put Martha Stewart in jail for that. Good Riddance.
Whatcha say know Jimmy? McCabe is gonna burn you to save himself, you know that right? You might as well do the same lol. Should be interesting to see it all unfold. Liar vs Liar ding ding
You guys behave like a high school clique of heart broken girls.   Butch up! Now it's time to take back some of what you dished out for so long
They do not need YOU James.
This tweet aged like fine wine 
Care to alter your bullshit story?
Now he's calling you a liar, and throwing you under the bus. I guess coz you threw him under the bus when you lied to the Congress? Somehow, I think the FBI is happy to be rid of both of you liars and law breakers! It will become a stronger, more decent agency, despite you both..
Two peas in a pod you are, leaking slime ball liars
Give me a break James comey you self serving two faced back stabbin corrupt FBI agent You  FBI clowns tried to sway this election because you thought you were above the law But several of you got caught and I hope all of you get sued and spend time in jail
Lol fool you next
A modern version of Allen & Foster Dulles. Hope someone looks at your banks accounts here and abroad.... 
The FBI has a cancer in it, small men that thought they had the right to decide an election! You’re one of many traitors that needed to be removed!
Standing tall lacking candor both under oath and not under oath. #dontdropthesoap
