Thank you. I can’t wait for the day @realDonaldTrump and his corrupt administration is brought down.

That's curious, if you want to talk about financial entanglements, how about the Tump deals with Russians, Saudis, Qatar, the Revolutionary Guard of Iran, and the list goes on and on-- hey, at least in Panama, they took down the tainted name of Trump from the building.

Jim (may I call you Jim?), pay no mind to those trolls, Love. We know you come from a place of integrity and courage.
I can’t wait to hear your story.  Hopefully this means this hellish time with Trump is about to end!
Yeah right, go have dinner with the Clintons! What a disgrace what you have done to the FBI!
"Busted: McCabe lied to IG about leaking to WSJ reporter. Page and Strzok text messages exposed him, and he tried to alter his statement. IG knows and Huber knows. McCabe is done. Can’t spend GoFundMe in Terra Haute..." @Comey -- Your thoughts?
Bars 
You are a disgrace to your peers and to America as a whole so every words that will come out of your mouth which will form your so-called story will not be judged kindly...
This is going to be good. Can’t wait!
comey, u r a sick dog. period.
#JimBoob what will it take for you to realize your book will be a No Seller! I think you've gone% #MoonbatCrazy James the liar. You seem to be in a perpetual state of denial. I reckon you may come to your senses the hour of your #PerpWalk. Do you like the color Orange Jim
.@Q_101_X  lmao 
#Hehehee
Trump is the liar and leaker in chief.
Get him good
He “got” himself
Sell out.
You lied under oath to Congress, you colluded with Hillary and Fusion GPS (& their Russian agents) to change the outcome of an election. You lied to the FISA courts. This is all public record.
Liars liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar
You have shown your true colors and demonstrated your loyalty was to the Clinton’s and obama, not the Constitution or the American citizen.
We already know your story
Go on Sean Hannity and answer our American questions!! You can even help promote your crook book sales lol   #KeepDrainingTheSwamp #KAG
Tina Flournoy, former chief of staff to Bill Clinton, wrote an extensive email explaining the term "gross negligence" to John Podesta on 03/09/2016

James Comey gave his speech about Hillary Clinton being "EXTREMELY CARELESS" on 07/05/2016, months later
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/45924 …
"Good morning. I’m here to give you an update on the FBI’s investigation of Secretary Clinton.
What I want to do is tell you what we're recommending, but first let me tell you what we found."
Want me to start rolling Trump tapes where every second word is a lie?
There are too many of them. #ProtectMueller #ImpeachTrumpNow
It’s a constant soap opera everyday!
Soap operas are more realistic.
Lol
Such corruption, drama etc. Omg!!! I mean don’t get me wrong we are not saints  but we would shut this shit down pretty quick or throw Trudeau and his minions out on their ears elected or not!!!
Will you also tell people about the flurry of emails trying to cover up and silence the person who witnessed Lynch and Bill Clinton tarmac meeting?
#releasethevideo
#FollowTheConstitution
We already heard your story crooked Comey. We already did.
Are you telling your story for free, or do we have to pay to hear it?
Why do all Trump supporters have crazy eyes?
The truth hurts!
Can't respond to your stupid analysis.  If you think that is brilliant, I feel quite sorry for you.
It’s not an analysis it’s fact! I as well feel sorry that your little pea brain cannot think beyond breakfast!
It seems you are Canadian and lack the full facts.  Stop hate bating in my country.
Yeah that’s it!...I’m hate bating! Jesus look into the mirror lady!
Between you and @realDonaldTrump, Mr. Comey #WeThePeople know you to be honorable, principled, and patriotic while Donnie is more interested in #peetape s than the Russian attack on American Democracy.
 You’re a riot! You really believe that? What a clown!
Nuff said...

#TrumpTrain is ONLY guilty of taking on the entire swamp establishment single-handed.  Yet he's done a fantastic job!  #ThankGodForTrump
No one believes you anyway.
From one to another F off! Get out of we don’t want or need types like u!!! Bye bye!!!
Uh, that's just ur opinion, dumdum. Ur allowed that. But once u start to order people around for having a differing opinion or ideology, it's called being a fascist. Unfortunately for you, it's a complete idiotic opinion. And, no thanks, I think I'll be staying. That is all.
This Castro guy is going to lose way too many seats.  The liberals might lose official party status.  Oh, by the way,  why hasn't Justin been to question period the last 2 weeks?
I’m sure this book is Fiction
I’m sure your fiction too! #Bot
Hey u can’t live in Moscow Puty would have put u to death by now for being gay! Pick your 
I just switched my location to trigger liberals. It works. Haha
Don’t let Puty know where u are!!!
I'm not scared. I have guns.
Yeah the most important thing in America!
James Comey, you are US administration at his best & a honor for USA ! A Frenchman that likes your country ! #ForgetTrump
We don't care what you think.
There is not one person in the White House that is honorable
I'm keeping my fingers crossed on Mattis.
Yeah good luck with that. Remember when they thought Gen. John Kelly was honorable too?
Remember when John Kelly was framed idiot
We the American people will be happy when the boy N office and his WH followers get what they all deserved the boy in office has destroyed 2 many lives already @Jerusal53393006 @just_old_joe @mielewealth @jeebling @Jerusal53393006 @PenelopePratts @PeterLarsen66 @MarilynCapps
After all the crimes of the Clintons, this is your preference?? What news outlets do you watch and read to be so throughly brainwashed?
What part of clinton crimes excuse Trumps away?
All of them.... mostly rape, murder and selling our country's uranium to Russia. 

#UraniumOne
Are you seriously trying to tell me Hillary is a rapist? Omg! Uranium was debunked, read something other than Brietbart and stop listening to Alex Jones! What murder has Hillary committed with evidence not conspiracy theories? Lets not forget Trump donated to Hillary! Fool
Snipes reports as debunked, but that is a liberal rag.  Even the NYT reported back before 2016...do a simple search.  Read the emails exposed in Wikileaks regarding Podesta.  Stop believing all the liberal crap and gather your news from a wider base.
Right~~ cause hannity says so! Geeuz Read! 
I wonder what Federal Prison Comey will be sent to?
None he's got truth on his side where all your PussyGrabber in Chief only has all his lies. But then you already know that!
Thank you Mr Comey.  For your service and humanity. 

Btw,  anyone notice how Mr Trumps supporters always use high pitched language and insults? 

Maybe I am imaging it? 

Seems like those opposed to Mr Trump are more balanced,  calm and use humor that is not rude and insulting.
You haven't watched #CNNFakeNews lately then.  All of them just whine to each other (rarely a conservative on the show.)
I hope you are not in a captive state, bc the photos sure seemed as though it was a staged setup...but guess all comes out in the wash...
You're one of the Christian Hypocrites?
you had the evidence on Clinton and chose not to follow the evidence. You did a disservice to our nation.
The only disservice was u voting for Donald Trump. You should be ashamed.

We’ve heard it. You lied to the POTUS, you leaked information you knew to be classified and did so for corrupt reasons. All this by your own admission. Zip it.
And you ain’t
Yes...
The people have heard...
Their representatives have replied...
Not impressed at all. You have made yourself look worse and I would not have thought that possible. 

It might be best to stop speaking in public all together.
The American People is Disgusted by you.  Traitor to the United States of America


We heard it, we now read it and it's all BS, you are a joke and hopefully have future in a nice jail cell somewhere pretty

All of them. How many Democrats does it take to fix a problem. None because they don’t fix problems they ignore them or cause them.
I love when you talk, you’re always inserting your feet into your mouth.  It’s amazing..
We did & it isn’t you.
Yawn. Zzzzzzzzzzzzz
Yep we judged your a puppet to Hillary
He contributed quite a lot to her election loss. If he'd have not publicly mentioned the new emails, which would be standard FBI practice, she'd have stood a much better chance. He's an odd puppet.
I've read better stories written by 8 year olds than yours.  Whoever you hired should be ashamed.
You are not honorable  , that is my vote.
Even Politico gets it:
You are an embarrassment to the office of the director of the FBI as well as our country.
The verdict is in: You sir are NOT honorable.
Haven't read your story yet, but I know who wasn't bought and paid for! MAGA

Look at the reaction from former FBI agents. They think you destroyed the reputation of FBI. Very sad.
Please........
#hillarypuppet
Yes they might hear your story in Jail! I hope you wear orange well!
Respectfully, I think you are a weasel, Mr. Comey. I pray that your crimes land you in jail where you belong. Your actions have destroyed the American People’s confidence in an unbiased FBI. Nice work.
Let’s hope you get ass raped in prison. You are the worst FBI head since Hoover. The FBI should be un-biased in their investigations. Just think about how every defense lawyer will attack FBI investigations in the future
He doesn't deserve such an honourable title as Mr President.He doesn't even deserve Mr.
Yep def not you.
You're "story" is marked down 30% so far at my local bookstore. How long has it been out now? Almost a week?
We already heard your story. Changing it again, are we?
We have James and it’s not you!
You #DelusionalTwit, you wouldn't know #Honorable if it was a #FatPeeingRussianHooker that #SquirtedYouInTheFace!!!
#DiggingYourOwnGrave
You are Honorable Mr. Comey! Thank you
 maybe at one time the FORMER  (thank God!) Director was honorable..... he lost his compass point lying to Congress, leaking, POLITICIZING the FBI..... Noble? Ethical??? Hardly!
Yup we heard it..lies from a frightened FBI head who leaked information to overthrow the President.
Uh yeah. Sorry to burst your bubble there Jimmy but the American people and few Canadian ones too, already know who's the honourable one. And it ain't @comey

We’ve heard your story and you’ve now exposed yourself as a liar and a crook.
A White Shaman
I heard your story, and am sure you are a lying phony. How does Hillary misuse classified information, lie about it, destroy and lose evidence and get your recommendation to not prosecute? And did Strzok & you enjoy editing your review to keep her safe?
Mr Untouchable 
Can you feel us now
We've heard it, you're not.  The Brute is somewhat honorable.
Do you want to know what I think?  With a Transparency International Score of 18 for the UNITE STATES on a scale from 0-100, the US needs to reevaluate #SocialTrust to which it is currently so low it is has a point of diminishing returns to a complete collapse in our society.
To @FBI Community Cultural Health #DeleteFacebook Combined : 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NR3MbXBea2g … : A New Standard of Excellence is being introduced to you in this video.  If don't meet this challenge, we might be really doomed. Gloomy Days Ahead For Sure!
QR Code In This Video#5 in this playlist :

@Gruwup Conflict Resolution System 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sk2H1hQ4E0&index=5&list=PL9fplPdaPNx9YrM4WRvoG40Zi6MRG_kjj …
Honorable, is not you!
#TRAITOR
Liar 
This is going well. 
Actually, we heard already. You lost. @realDonaldTrump won.
We have.  You're not.
Mr. @Comey, I don't know you and haven't yet read your book so I can't say whether you're honorable or not. I can say @realDonaldTrump is honorable. Giving up what could otherwise be a relaxing, stress-free life for service to this country is, indeed, honorable
Haha layoff that unKoolAid. Stop lying to yourself, it makes you sound like a drone.
441k likes. Bahahaha. Guess it isn't you, you're a liar, leaker and a traitor. You should get your GoFundMe page up, you might need a little extra  for your legal defense 
#TicToc 
@realDonaldTrump is honorable sir!
#SlipperyJamesComey

You are honorable 100%
Snowflake?
This guy peeing all over the toilet seat, someone tell him to aim and shoot straight.
Very immature statement Comey..  Are you choking on those words you! Pretty Ballsy comment from a scorned employee. You should stop screwing with Trump.  YOU CANNOT WIN! I would think you can read between the lines..
I think I'll wait to see the IG report and the OPR's opinion on the matters, if it's all the same to you.. BTW, your friend McCabe just said you perjured yourself under oath to congress, not that anyone is ever held accountable for that in the corrupt mess that is Washington D.C.
Cummy the, big dummy
You keep using that word.....
I'm sure we'll hear all kinds of stories during your trial(s).  I can't wait to watch you, McCabe, and Lynch taking turns throwing each other under the bus!  Bring on the popcorn!
I hope you're either put in general population, or sent to Gitmo.
Tick Tock Dirty Cop 
You are a puppet
Ur a jk
We judged! You’re out, Trump is in!
Go away quickly!
This is laughable & sad @ same time. Comey has zero integrity. You drafted an exoneration letter for Hillary before you ever spoke w/her & you did this based on her fake poll numbers?! Wow
Yep, and you lose.
Someone's going to prison?  and it aint @realDonaldTrump #USAPOL
HEY #Comey, Rudy is back and coming to straighten all this shit out for  @POTUS they've got a nice cell waiting for you at Levenworth
You sure as hell are not honorable sir!  It was so damn awesome watching your face on The View as they read the memorandum from the 11 congressman who are coming after you and others!!!!  It was priceless!
What YOU are is under criminal investigation...
You are a honorable person however unfortunately you helped the Crooked Clintons during the 2016 elections.
Which makes him not honorable
We already know YOU have NO HONOR. u are embarrassing urself.
Hi there. Give your tweet a quick look over before hitting that send button. Not only is what you've written nonsense, it's also littered with terrible grammar. I'm sure you wouldn't want anyone thinking you have a below par intelligence. Have a great day!
Oh...you must be one of those mentally-superior liberals.  Pardon me, but the country is made up of more than NYC and San Francisco.   I'm a deplorable and proud of it.
Honorable?  Sir, your actions have been FAR from honorable.  I'm shocked that you think otherwise.
Well you are not!
This didn't age well Comey
If you are so Honorable, you won’t be such a Chicken, spineless, person to prove yourself, by giving @seanhannity & @FoxNews an hour of your time Stop avoiding them & grow a pair What are you afraid of?  You say your so honest & all so PROVE It
I think only a liar would be scared
Just had to see the pussy hat march photos. That’s alll I needed to know.  Political hack. Fraud.
@FBI agents in general hate you & your grandstanding book
You deserve respect and dignity. The truth shall set you free.
If you're as crooked as I believe you are @comey you belong in jail right beside @HillaryClinton
“Possibly “ you’ll go to jail James Comey!   Praying it’s soon
Getting excited!
You are not honorable Comey. You’re called many things but I believe you’re a scared little man that’s controlled by HRC. You’re not good enough to be a beat cop let alone a FBI director. You don’t have the ba..s to be a real cop.

Here ya go !!!! Jim Comey !!        (Jack Nicholson) https://youtu.be/MMzd40i8TfA  via @YouTube

you  are obviously VERY honorable!
We don't need your book to be satisfied you are an honorable and upright person. As long as America has pillars of justice like you, and others who imitate and follow your footsteps, we are in safe hands.
Thank you for your outstanding service and example.
From a DC insider swamp creature.  Couldn't care less what you think.
James Comey I think your a lier and a trader. Should be court marshaled and executed


This American has judged you an embarrassment to yourself, your family, the FBI, and your country.
It's tough to believe a known liar.
I see into the future. I seee numbers ?? Money ??? NOOO ,Numbers,YES on a prison shirt!!! A Name,... it’s clear now. JAMES COMEY. printed PELICAN BAY #ComeyForPrison #Comey #ObamaGate  @AGLynch @Comey #@realDonaldTrump #Trump #Trump2020 #MAGA #TarmacMeeting
Honorable? This didn’t age well at all.

We are hearing everyday and ain’t look pretty for you. We are sure judging and I can tell you honorable doesn’t come to mind while thinking of you. You were/are leaving in a bubble of subordinates and leftists around you telling you how good and honorable you are, you are not.
You admitted to intentionally leaking classified information.... It's that honorable?
You’ve been judged Benedict Arnold
You should be in jail. I heard your “story” And i can say the honorable man is sitting in the white house.
Exactly.
You've got to be fucking kidding. What an idiot you are.
I judged and you are not honorable. #Puppet
Hey James, ever hear the phrase, "You have the right to remain SILENT"??? The more you talk, the MORE disgrace you bring to yourself and the FBI. YOU should know better.
James Your interviews on the Various News stations “Sound as You are TRYING TO HARD” to Convince Your Audience,Sorry Jim!
we saw and judged! We stand with TRUMP
We already KNEW your story, you just dotted the i's and crossed the t's for us.
Liar liar Lerch on fire
Trump does not even know the meaning of the word, honorable.  Since your book, I have been enjoying watching you having fun at Trump’s expense.  He deserves every minute of it.  Keep up the good work.  I’m on your side.
We always knew you dipshit and now we REALLY know. How does it feel to have the world label you as an 11 year old whiney little girl ?? Also a liar and leaker ? The President is more honorable and more of a man than you can ever dream.  Pathetic.
James man, you work for the FBI.
- Intelligence means Secret Society.
- Secret Society means Luciferian.
- USA is The Babylonian Whore.
- Intelligence is all Mind Control.
- MKUltra is split personalities.
- Luciferian SS's fill splits w/demons.
- OF COURSE you sound convincing!

We heard & we’re still with Trump & all agree he was right in firing you & we’re just trying to agree on how many years you should be sentenced.
Comey's talked sooo much about all his wonderful & honorable FAKE attributes that I think he's believing it. HAHAHA Comey did the Jedi mind trick on himself.
@Comey said yesterday "any competent investigator" should have his investigation pretty much wrapped up within 10 months.

@RobertMueIIer must be incompetent then.

By Comey's standards, Mueller is incompetent.
And the verdict is in...you’re certainly not honorable. Sad, but true.
We did and your words makes no sense! between you and the rest of the criminals that made up you and killary Clinton's team are going to paint a very vivid picture that leads straight to the penitentiary!
We believe you and have from the start.
I detect snowflake.
Looks like they have judged you both are not
#NotMyPresident either.
Then leave
I think everybody should read your book. 
So can you please put it online so we ALL can download and read and learn from your story? For free?

It's over @comey - we have seen and judged.  Maybe your partner in crime McCabe can share some of that sweet sweet crowd funded loot for your legal defense!
You’re book came out it ain’t you with ethics u can’t even spell the word much less know what  it means
After watching your interview on @ABC tonight...I believe you may the right man for President.  Truth is what's needed in America right now. NOT FEAR & LIES...#ComeyInterview #JamesComey #truth #Comey #comeyforpresident

Also, thank you for your integrity, staying true to yourself and for your service.
That's funny as hell.
Maybe it’s neither
lying to a federal judge
Poor James !
It is you who is not honorable Mr. Comey.
