Sadly, right now, he's not a priority to this administration. I appreciate you reminding us that Mr Levinson is still unaccounted for
A highly inappropriate remark when the SUBJECT is an FBI agent misssing in action.

You should be ashamed.

Who has been indicted on felony charges of conspiracy against the United States? Names please.
We're trying. 

#HelpBobLevinson
We'll keep trying. 

#HelpBobLevinson
Keep up the good work! America needs ALL our warrior's!
Yes they are, and we're incomplete when divided!
Isn’t it amazing that IF Hillary had won she would have fired @Comey on her first day in Office and ALL of you would be hating him now?!
Amen to this.

I think I’m gonna steal that!!!

Thank you! Theses are hilarious, maddening, and quite accurate!
James @Comey never mentioned Bob Levinson once during the 8 years of the Obama administration.
Bullshit. He made numerous statements during his time as FBI director, and yearly on March 9th.
The Trump supporters went to the school of if we say a bunch of crap that isn't true people believe it. Facts mean nothing to them. This is about a man who is missing and needs to come home the rest of these people need to be quiet
Apparently this one doesn't like facts. He blocked me after one tweet. I wasn't even mean.
Just saved you the time of having to block him. All of them should have this on their profile
Thank you for shining a huge light on this. #SemionMogilevich
#HelpBobLevinson
#BringBobLevinsonHome 
#BringBobLevinsonHome

cigarettes..  you say..  cigarettes...  hmmm

#SemionMogilevich  America phoning...

4. Bob Levinson, former FBI who specialized in La Cosa Nostra, was the whistle-blower 4 this take-over. He was also an expert trial witness for one of the more dangerous Russian mafia capos, who lived/worked out of Trump properties.
…
The Russian mob and IRGC/Iran regime/intel are partners and associates in many aspects of regime's illegal activities from arms & nuke smuggling to money laundering, sanctions evasion and even the Russian counterfeit Marlboro in iran imported by IRGC that Bob was investigating
Bob's case shows the level of control & influence the Russians have on their proxy regimes such as Iran Ayatollahs. If it was mullahs own decision, IRGC would've made up some espionage charges, publicly/officially detained him so they could use him as hostage, not keep him hidden
The way he was kidnapped and was kept secretly, moving from one secret prison to another throughout Iran just to cover their tracks, ... wasn't how the mullahs have historically taken hostages, it was definitely planned by the Russians but their proxy IRGC carried out for them
Hope they never stop trying and he is found soon @Comey
The poor man is probably dead and Comey knows - probably just another case of CYA
That’s a very cruel thing to tweet.
I’m in touch with reality. WAKE UP!!!
Do you have some secret knowledge of what happened to him that the rest of us don't? Because if not, inventing a storyline or explanation with no evidence or information isn't reality. In fact, it's the opposite of reality.
@Comey doesn’t have to make up a storyline, so lame . Garbage behavior.  Shameful that you discredit our FBI agents. They are dedicated patriots who protect &  serve the Ppl of our country.
Huh? I was defending you and responding to latniafortrump. So you attack me?  I hate when people on my "side" lack the same reading comprehension skills as Cult 45. 
Sorry but thought you were referring to Comey’s comment as a made up storyline. Oops 
Another one of your failures, congrats. Idk whose legacy is worse, yours or Obama’s.
Stop. You're gonna make him "nauseous" again
Lordy.
Dork.
Someone needs to photoshop that pic. Where Hillary is under the lampshade with a bottle of vodka in her hand!
Oh gee maybe @JohnKerry could’ve negotiated for his realease when we gave Iran a plane load of cash why would they release him now? They have everything they need why don’t you ask McCabe? #WhatAboutBob #IranDeal
This is right up Trump’s alley. The great deal maker can now do what Obama couldn’t do. Secure the release of Bob without using any tax- payer dollars.
James @Comey's actions have always been consistent with someone that's being blackmailed. Many have speculated that Obama knew he was a Pedophile (Howdy Doody). What do you think?

#TheFive 
#Outnumbered 
#Hannity 
#Tucker 
#FoxNewsatnight 
#IngrahamAngle
I agree!! America needs more people like James and Bob 
Obama had 8 years. You had several years yourself.
Not once did I hear you say his name.
Enjoy GITMO.
#GitmoForTraitors 
#InertnetBillOfRights
#MilitaryTribunals
#AmericaFirst
#Make2018Glorious
#DeepStateShutdown
#HRCVideo 
#MakeItRain
#GreatAwakening
#QAnon
#ForGodAndCountry
It's easy to write captions on photos, it's a little harder to find the truth.
The truth was hidden when Obama was in office.
Now?
They never thought she (Hillary) would lose.
So it's much easier to find the truth now.
You'll soon see.
It's going to be a very bad year for many liberal political elites.
Exceedingly bad.
Comey is on this list.
Enjoy the show.
Obama told the truth. Trump lies at least 3 times a day on average for the last 15 months. That is facts. If you think it's much easier to find the truth now, you have been brainwashed by FOX NEWS CHANNEL. How do you wake someone who has been brainwashed? Is it hopeless?
Last seen on March 9, 2007
Remember the Swap?
You did nothing

Explain this, instead inciting atrocities of the failures under your lead.
THANK YOU, ALWAYS INTEGRITY.
Don't worry Trump is on the case because apparently he is doing everything you and the crooked Obama admin couldn't #QAnon
Hahahahaha.  He isn’t doing a thing in fact he’s taking us backwards.
This simpleton way of thinking is why you have 22 followers
Why don’t you see how many followers Trump has to what Obama has and then let’s talk
No need Obama is now irrelevant and has some serious legal problems ahead of him with the Fisa/Russian Dossier investigation now underway. These people are truly stupid #QAnon
He had no legal problems at all and he’s not irrelevant. Let’s me real
You will soon see what your Messiah Hussein is truly about.... FRAUD, ENEMY OF THE STATE, KENYAN (the list is too long to type out!) REMEMBER this, he will be convicted of HIGH TREASON. 

11-11-18.
I’m glad you find your fantasy entertaining. Keep it up.
Thank you sir for all of your efforts. Hope to talk to you again soon.
I can’t imagine what you and your family are going through. Praying for your father and family. 
It must be tough, knowing the Obama admin paid Iran $1.7 Billion and only mentioned Bob Levinson in a phone call with him.  Wow, Obama traded 5 Al Qaeda terrorists for a deserter and what did he trade for your patriot?
Nothing will happen as long as David Dennison is @POTUS   Nothing in it for him.
Funny! I'm NO fan of Trump, but he did get Adam Warmbier home and the college kids that got in trouble. I think when Americans are taken, that IS Americas TOP priority till their home! Eleven years is outrageous!
U LEFT HIM THERE. 
Why didnt u do/say anything when Obama sent pallets of cash in the middle of the night? How bout when Obama released/removed charges from Iranian 7 prisoners & 14 fugitives that posed threats to natl sec? 21 IRANIANS, billions , AND & LEFT Levinson in Iran!
It always feels good to hear from you, and we all woukd like to see Bob Levinson reunited with his family.
Did he know the Clinton’s? Just asking
Clintons never worked alone, so intel agencies hand in hand
Bring him home. #HelpBobLevinson
11 years is a substantial amount of time. If the acknowledged authorites were serious about bringing him home, they would have done so already. What gives James? Who's soft in the wrong places?
This post is about Former FBI Special Agent Bob Levinson being MISSING in for ELEVEN YEARS!! Show respect for his family. These agents work to protect us. 
#NotAboutYourIssues
#FindBobLevinson
All respect due; he should have been found by now, and I hope that he still is. Nothing disrespectful was mentioned.
It's always quite interesting reading the replies from the alt-right maga/Kremlin troll nut-jobs. Hope your friend can somehow be returned safely, sir. #HelpBobLevinson
Right? They’re usually the ones who usual have the word  “patriot” emblazoned across their profile.
Patriot, along with 'Christian, Guns, God, MAGA, TrumpTrain, Hannity etc.' 
Yup
You’re truly an inspiration, Sir!  Have an amazing weekend! 
Just threw up in my mouth
Maybe holding off the pallets of cash may have helped?
It's a shame that despite evidence of his capture & detention by IRGC, Bob's release wasn't part of any of Obama's preconditions for deal and was barely discussed during years of Obama administration flirting with the terrorist tyranny regime.
@CitJourno @LincolnsBible @ninaandtito @JamesFourM 

You have a fan.
What was a FBI agent doing in Iran?
I read about this years ago. I believe he was on vacation. My memory may not be correct.
I’m sorry but no one goes to Iran on vacation, especially if he doesn’t have any ties.
Iran is made up of many ethnicities and religions. It’s a very safe country with very little crime. Would feel very safe there, if you do not voilate any laws or customs, should be no problems. The problem with the people in this country, USA, is that we do not travel abroad.
My husband is Iranian.  Huge family in and around Tehran.  He is a political asylum.  I’m very well versed in Iran and it’s ethnicities.  It is a bit safer under Rouhani.  But only “a bit”.
Thanks for the info! Hope that you and your family will be able to go there in the future.
We are hopeful.  He was a “guest” at Evin on two separate occasions.  He continued his anti-regime efforts until he got wind that they were coming for him again.  He left Iran...leaving everything behind...in the middle of the night.  I can’t imagine a hell worse than that.
Never leave a brother behind....
Agree 100%!
#HelpBobLevinson
When Obama was giving the Iran’s billions and billions in cash he should’ve demanded the return of Bob L.

maybe you could explain to us why Obama turned his back on this guy.
Fair question, but if you paid attention when those negotiations were taking place Iran said they had know idea who or where Bob L. was.
....What?!?! 

HE WAS IN IRAN! Obama and his LIBTARD cult are the biggest suckers on the planet.
Dude, calm down we are ALL Americans let's stop with the name calling and work together.
The FBI couldn't stop a school shooter when given a fully diagrammed blues clues notebook. Bob deserves better than Comey Homies.
And the NRA can’t agree to universal background checks
Universal background checks would have done what in Parkland prevention? No one reported, arrested, or investigated this guy. Come on. Get real.
Would have prevented him getting a gun in the first place  particularly with all complaints and police records   Its not for sure it would have 100% prevented the purchase yet who knows
Kim he killed animals and put a gun to a family members head. Do you really think him finding a gun was the problem? He even advertised his intentions. No ma'am. All due respect but you need some critical thinking skills.
Well I think Florida took a first good step except for permiting to arm certain teachers.
When a 20 year old can't defend herself from an abusive husband I hope you are there to counsel her. If she survives....
That’s why we have the most armed police in the world.  That’s why we have 911.
Where were you during your time at the FBI? Oh yeah... Spying on politics enemies...
It's certain to be a total cluster-%&$# if James Comey, Andrew McCabe, and/or Lisa Page are involved in any way. #ObamasLegacy
Piss off bot
Does not compute....
TRUMP WOULD GO INTO A BLDG TO SAVE CHILDREN FROM A SHOOTER - while @Comey let a Muslim go into a nightclub and kill 49 people and then let his wife, who drove to the club to kill, run around the USA free. Then invited the killer's father to Hillary Clinton's few campaign rallies.
You did not put any effort while you were in power so don’t talk now
Perhaps that is where your efforts should've been focused....instead of fixing Hildabeast's case, then attempting a soft coup against an elected POTUS. You're going to love prison stripes.
Not quite sure that is something I feel we should know.
Nyet!...@realDonaldTrump wants to spend that money on his ‘re-election’ ego boosting parade. Seems like there should be a clause that prevents him using taxpayer money, or our wonderful troops, on ‘re-election’ schemes. #HelpBobLevinson
At the very least ...some of the taxpayer money or man power, spent on his ridiculous parade or on his golf vacations, could do everything possible to bring home Mr Levinson. A man who was actually working for this country. #HelpBobLevinson
Don’t hold back !!
NEVER! 
Agreed, but you're still a scumbag!
Why are you following him?
Gee, I didn't realize you were supposed to follow only those you support.
1.5 billion in cash.
$1.7 Billion, actually.
Good evening, Mr.Comey, sir.  I can't tell you what it means knowing that there are good people in the world such as you. Thank you for your service and for being a beacon of hope in this uncertain and nerve wracking, troubled democracy.
He was missing when you were framing Trump but now your concerned?  You broke a sacred trust with the public...FBI should not be political.
Former (thankfully) Director Comey, do or do not—trying takes too long. According to your own tweet, 11 years too long to be exact, right?
Very important that @FBI @FBIWFO @NSAGov @SecretService stand ready to do the right thing when the time comes. Certain people will not cede willingly, but justice and the United States itself must be served, not those in power. That is the oath you took.
Loyalty and service. I need a refresher, which representative was it who lobbied to remove Semion’s name from top ten list?
thank you, mr. comey.
Absolutely!
You were Director......at one time.....Right?
Was to busy sabotaging candidate Trump and helping Obama and crew stay out of prison.
I don’t believe Obama’s former admin employees are forming a new resistance, more like to make sure they get their stories straight!!
No one ever thought Clinton would loose. Therefore they never expected to be investigated and were sloppy covering themselves. They have to get on the same page because they’re lying. People don’t have to think when they tell the truth.
And yet When Comey and Odumbo had the chance, failed Levinson. 

Go away. You lost no matter how much you tried to fix the election.

#MAGA
When did they have a chance with a republican majority Congress? Too much evil in the world. Don't add to the grief. Not about Obama. About a federal agent missing for 11 years.
Liar.
Democrats had both house and senate when Obama took office....how in the world do you think they took over 1/6th of the economy with Obamacare?  Gawd, Democrats are stupid.
So what did you do for the last 11 years to Bring him back? Im sure just tweeting about it shows your concern. 
Here's what their admin did - just about NOTHING:

how about this, since you cant read facts, but love memes
Thank you Mr. Director!

I certainly hope he will be brought home safely but when the FUCK are we going to learn NOT to interfere in other countries politics.
This is such a sad story. I’ve tried to read and stay current with it. I hope the family can get answers that they deserve.
Tick tock leaker
New investigation just for you James! How bout that?
Wondered what happened to him. So tragic. Thanks for reminding us. I hope he returns safely very soon.
Thank you for your service.
Isn’t it passed your bedtime buddy! #tictoc
*past
Why is it that all the mindless trolls always seem to not be able to spell?
Look the spelling Sheriff
Look at the illiterate Trumpanzee 
To bad it wasn't you who disappear , because you turn out to  be a big  !!!
Too bad you don’t know English grammar or spelling. You must have gone to a Betsy DeVos school!
Can't we trade Trump for Levinson?
In before the right wing says,  "Maybe they could find him if 100000% of the CORRUPT FBI wasn't focused on Trump!"
Thanks for calling attention to the insane corruption of the FBI and people like Comey & Mueller's reasonability for that corruption. Don't forget, fuck the criminal DNC for their TrumpRussia lie, among their countless other crimes!
Thank you for your service, sir.
Report: FBI ordered journalists not to record Clinton-Lynch meeting
The US government must never stop chasing to prosecute you to the fullest.
Who give a shit what this fool thinks. Comey, o one cares what you say, feel, or believe. All we want is your name included in the crimes under Title 18 about to happen. We the people want you to hang.
You could of made it a priority while you were director along with obama , instead you made burgdal a priority , that says all we need to know
11 years ago, yet you did nothing when you were in charge ??????
Were  you involved in disappearing him? Warning to others?
BUT THE EMAILS!
You sacrificed your integrity to cover for @HillaryClinton  - everyone who has ever prosecuted a case knows this to be true - you literally added an element of intent to avoid prosecuting her - shame on you
Prayers he will one day be returned to his home/family.... 
Evil flourishes when good men remain silent.. and I'm so glad you are on the side of good
Why did you leave him there and not insist that Obama get him out as part of his stupid Iran deal?
Why didn’t Obama negotiate his release when he sent Iran billions of dollars in the dark of the night?
#HelpBobLevinson
I think of this man so often. I cry. I think of his wife and kids. I cry.
Then I pray.
We owe Mr Levinson better than this.
Thank you.
If the agency works tips like it did with the #Parkland shooting, Levinson's toast.
Why don’t you go take a trip over there and check things out, Jimmy. Let us know if you find him.
Were you “hot mic’d” through your cell phone during your Trump meetings? Asking for a friend.
Obama  delivered 500 mill of cash on a private jet , which was then used to found Iranian terrorists . Maybe after all those meetings with Iran coney could send the cash he will make from his book to the Iranians . See what that will bring ?
In total, Obama delivered $1.7 Billion in cash and gold.  The initial plane load was only the ransom for the sailors.  Yet, Obama only "expressed his concern" for Levinson on a phone call.
Go join him, pls
Damn girl, that's brutal. Wish I'd thought of it first.
This is Bob Levinson and his beautiful family. He belongs home with them! #HelpBobLevinson
Of course he does, so did 4 Benghazi hero’s, they all do
I see JAIL in your future.
You are way off base,  but typical MAGA BS. Your president will probably be going to jail.

We the people have lost all respect for the FBI, and especially Dirty Cop Comey.
Heard ur 6’8”. My DMs are open and my body is READY.
I’m gonna follow you based on that tweet alone.
James @Comey destroyed the reputation and credibility of the @FBI! Tick Tock
Sincerely I don t like Iran. They kill iranien people who are against their political islamique opinion. Same in Saudi Arabia.
In my country Belgium, the goverment has a nazi flamish nationalist parti NVA which his ideology to break Belgium. NVA where are 2 fake Belgian woman political asile one kurde and one from Iran,strange to choose NVA. they are in NVA.Spy perhaps and may be more, to destroy Europe.
Iran is perhaps the origin of the first rebels from Syria (Iran is Fake since 1979). Iran Fake since the revolution
The American people must show support for the FBI Robert Mueller our firewall attacking us or democracy God bless man like this dedicate there life to protecting our country and the American people the  much do their part and show support for these brave men dedication
Criminal Comey destroyed the reputation of the FBI.
The former FBI director showed courage and doing the right thing when Donald Trump try to intimidate him to drop charges against General Flynn and he held his ground and I’ll general Flynn is working for the government pleaded guilty to the grand jury
@Comey is a liar - proven.
So, what was McCabe's issue with Robyn Gritz's persistence in trying to find him?  Maybe you could explain that to us?
11 Years Ago! He was there for the ENTIRE Obama Admin. So, pray tell; was there something about him y'all didn't like ? How come you guys left him there for ELEVEN YEARS? I gotta'hear THIS EXCUSE.
Why didn’t Obama make that a condition before flying a jet full of cash to Iran ? Surely that was the perfect opportunity
So glad Mr Levinson is not here today to see how low c-omey and company have taken the f-b-i...not the premiere agency that it once was. Like Lerner's IRS, it will take years for the f-b-i to recover. SAD. Who oversees the bureau? Obviously, nobody.
Weren’t you in charge of a large intelligence organization that could have tracked him down? I guess it’s hard with the close relationship Iran had with Obama and the Clintons

I think it's more important not to let the FBI be weaponized against ordinary citizens like trump in the way you let happen as director. Wiretapping the trump campaign based on a false FISA warrant was illegal and someone should be in jail.
Your messiah obama should have included Levinson in his nuke deal. Or he could have bought him back with the billions he gave to the terrorist regime. How about the Marine that was detained in Mexico for months, not a peep from you or your spineless president.
Finally something you say I agree with. But fact is that you and Obama did nothing for him except fly billions in cash to Iran to pay off the guys that did this and we got nothing. Great job little jimmy.
What did YOU do, beside "stand down"?
#LIAR #Oathbreaker
Please, just be quiet. Aren’t you tired of being a laughingstock? 
@POTUS how do you know the POTUS isn’t working on this? If you and your cronies hadn’t messed up so much, he could be doing a lot of other things
He’s in Iran... don’t understand why not send special forces to bring him home. 

Pathetic evildoers @BarackObama gave away $1.8 billion of taxpayers hard earned money for the other hostages. 

Why not for him? Why? Why?
@realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FoxNews @BillOReilly
#JamesComey
       
Intelligent Americans see right through your continual stream of  B.S.
Too bad you’re s private citizen & not...say...the director of the FBI so you can help locate Levinson & bring him home.
Do you dream of going to prison right along with Hillary and the Obama administration as much as we the people have that dream? Asking for a friend.
Comey broke the law, can’t choose which ones to uphold.
How was he not brought home when we negotiated the nuclear agreement with Iran? 
Seriously?  Please just shut your mouth.  You're going to prison, Jimmy boy.
Thanks for shining the light on this again! Bring him home.

You went along with the Iran deal and didn't push for conditions to bring Levinson home. You helped kill him. Blood on your hands.
This is not right. This is 10-11 years too long.
Her name is Robyn Gritz......LEARN HER STORY!!! Mr. Comey is a FAKE CORRUPTED FRAUD. Mr. Comey is the kind of guy that WOULD leave a man behind! Would not even look back!
I agree. What efforts did you make and what ones can we make now?
You’re such a man of morals and integrity Jim. Too bad every time I read one of your posts, I have to check my kids shoes because I smell bullshit. #dirtycop #liar #politicalhack
How come you did not ask the US Government to bring him back when you were heading the Government Agency of Federal Bureau of Incompetency, and  the Government paid Iran some $100 Billion for signing the nuclear treaty ?
Needless to say You didn't bother to do anything for him! To busy stealing and committing treason huh Jimmy?
Why didn't you bring him home?
Seth Rich was murdered in DC and his killers and who is responsible should be brought to justice. What can you tell me about this Jim?
Should have had Obama add him to deal he made with Iran.  Then again Obama never made a good deal that is in the best interest of the American people
Thank you Mr. Comey
She belongs in jail and you know it..
You took an oath to serve and protect...the truth will come out one day..
The talk is that Sessions is going to appoint a special prosecutor to look into the real crimes committed by Gov't officials unlike Mueller's dog and pony show. Wondering what impact that will have on you.
Mr. Comey, who would I contact at your former department about using the new $250 million yacht US taxpayers just got ? #Weekend 
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! NO MORE! http://chn.ge/2EYyT4X  via @Change Will you sir join me and be "An agent of change" to #EndTheNightmare of Bullying/bullycide by first reading this letter, and then join me to #TakeBackOurSchool by going to: http://www.change.org/petitions/give_the_youth_the_rights_for_justice_against_bullies# … 1,490 have, will u?
America stands with you sir
We’ve done a story for Bob and family roughly every anniversary since I started at ABC. Thanks for maintaining the vigil, Director Comey.
So much vigilance - it is breathtaking:
You're a good guy, Mr. Comey. Hopefully this will all end soon. Sometimes I think Hillary had to be sacrificed to keep all these crooks in one spot so they can be taken down.
My Gawd, Democrats are stupid.
What are you doing Sir in 2020?
Come on
#1 trump’s going to be arrested, not impeached
#2 Stormy Daniels has enough to get trump impeached regardless of Mueller, but Mueller is going to be all over it
#3 It’s not your fault you don’t know any facts about Russiagate, Fox has called it a Hoax but it’s treason


Ha! JFK would be shouted out of the DumoCRAP Party today!
Like I just told Sarah Huckleberry Sanders Jr, It breaks my heart that your Ilk would choose treason over country, but at least you showed us your faces and we now know who you are

Americans are demanding a #2ndSpecialCounsel "to lock you up" remember anything you have said will be used against you in a court of law. As Jeff sessions stated DOJ prosecutor outside the swamp has been investigating for the past year
why is trump allowed to get away with SO many serious crimes
It's extremely dangerous when extremism takes hold. That's what's happening and the GOP are complicit. They're not representing their constituents, they're trying to save their own butts.
I wonder if @realDonaldTrump is looking forward to your book tour next month @Comey . I doubt if he will read it since it's about truth, leadership. I can't wait!  
#AHigherCalling
And how in the world do u know he didn’t do anything? I’m really curious to know, do you work in the FBI? Have you talked to Levinson’s family? Please enlighten us
As a matter of fact you do need to work in the FBI to know, or in the intel community because they’re quiet on what they do, Levinson’s has been in their radars for so long and they continue to work to bring him back. Ur just unaware, and blind by hatred obviously.
Ur soooooo far away from reality, they probably mentioned Obama but not the bureau, completely out of reality, and yes they’re quiet cause they don’t advertise their investigations, dummy
Leaks from the fbi? Ha! Oh well, i can see that ur totally a lost cause, not going to waste my time trying to prove u wrong cause if u can’t follow the news then it means u can’t think on ur own. Have a wonderful life!
Looking forward to your trial.
Are you going to hold your breath while waiting for that to happen?
Comey you sold out America and Bob Levinson along with Obama. #CrookedCop
You have zero credibility’s
Just shut up. Stop the patriot games.
You Blew it. And #HillaryForPrison seems to be what should have happened. Now you Paint SELF With pastels. 
Please do book signing and read excerpts 1st in #Phllly  @ConstitutionCtr or Library.
Don't Blow it.
Former FBI Agent Robyn Gritz, who has been treated shamefully by McCabe & top FBI brass, says she will not rest until she exposes the reason why getting Bob Leveson out of Iran was not a priority with McCabe's best bud NSB Chief Carl Ghattas. Would you like to comment on that?
You’re a low life like McCabe you turn is coming slim bag
McCabe is gonna squeal like a little pig. The dominoes are going to fall down.
Jeez, you would think Obama could have done more than "express concern," aye!  Weak follower! 

Especially considering he gave Iran $1.7 BILLION to fund terrorism against the west.  What did Obama get?  Nothing.  

James @Comey is a weak follower too.
Praying  that he returns home safely!!! 
Secret Society Palace Coup Uranium Rigged Elections Billions Corruption Treason FBI ring a bell? Enforce the Death Penalty @realDonaldTrump #FBI #FBICorruption #fbi #jeffsessions #Trump
Ridiculous and sad..c-omey..You  and your butt buddy, o-bama, did ZIP to bring him home.
Just go away Jammie. You had your chance to do the right thing.
Where was @BarackObama on this?
Jim, you obviously failed at this too or Bob would be home by now.
Why didn't you do anything when you ran the FBI.  Too busy colluding against Trump?
PRESIDENT JAMES COMEY or PRESIDENT ROBERT MUELLER they are this NATION'S only hope at repairing the insurmountable amount of damage inflicted upon this GREAT and EXCEPTIONAL NATION by the illegitimate jackass of a PRESIDENT elected by the RUSSIAN government  and VLADAMIR PUTIN
What was he doing in Iran?  An FBI agent wandering around there becomes a very obvious target.  He and the FBI should have known this.
Before any talks with NK, US must get the remaining Americans jailed for no good reason in NK free and back in the US @JillWineBanks @JoyAnnReid @maddow @RWPUSA @Amy_Siskind @matthewamiller @KenDilanianNBC

Mr. James Comey: Under your watch MKO & FSA terrorists on & off US soil were protected. US Veteran Kevin is missing because of this ongoing corruption @FBI, FBI Agent(s) blocked @VetAffairsOIG from investigating, I was there. https://twitter.com/007haarp/status/936034410436050944 ……
To lose a loved one in this way is specially hurtful. As a a wife, daughter or son, and friend, you don't know to cry or laugh. Because you have no idea at all, if he is still with us or not.
I hope they start looking for you very soon and give you new bracelets.
The fall of the Soviet Union begat the Russian mob installed in Kremlin, money laundering inc., ffwd to today where Trump is the US capo of Mogilevich’s design. Kruschev’s threat to undo us from within has come true.
So why did your Lord Obama dump the pallets of cash without securing his return? Typical but sad #AltLeft Foreign Policy
We should all be unified in our support for Agent Levinson and his Family. Thank you Levinson family for your continued sacrifice, I am sorry that or countrymen are more passionate about politics than principals. 

#HelpBobLevinson
#NeverForgotten
#GodBlessOurFBI
#GodBlessTheUSA
 Are you still here?
Don’t worry, if he’s still alive Trump will get him home
Yet you did nothing but leave him there. Outstanding FBI work as usual you a hole. Gonna be a tight fit for you as a 6'6" or 8" guy in a 6x6 cell.  You'll have to just hang your big head out through the bars.
I guess 150 billion dosent buy what it used to.
Just send pallets full of cash like your old boss did.
Never leave a man behind #HelpBobLevinson
James Comey: the dirtiest Cop in US History  What have you done last 8 yrs during Obama Administration ?
Herricks High School grad. Bring him home. 
Why wasn’t he part of Iran deal?
You can rest assured that President Trump has put it as a priority; unlike you and the other administration.
Lordy we look forward to the tapes
Bring Bob home.
11 years? Doesn’t seem like they’re trying too hard. Watch is exactly why I’ve always said I’d never fight for this evil country.
wow comey, you have a lot of people brainwashed but not all.........
But you could find a stolen Superbowl jersey? Priorities, right?
This story of Bob Levinson is so, so sad  I still can’t believe this brave man is gone. What a story,  what a true American Patriot who faced fear with a Love for his country!  Why isn’t someone trying to find Him? Thank You for remembering Bob Levinson.
True.  I wonder what you know about it?  Did the FBI learn anything while you were working for the FBI?
his family also needs to quit being pissy to the media and other people who are trying to help them. part of a lot that doesn't pass the smell test.

