God bless you Mr.Comey, I am reading your book & am humbled by your embarrassments, your struggles, & your hard earned greatness.
Mr cummy anus
You're a partisan hack James Comey and you know nothing about ethical leadership. You are a disgrace to the officeyou used to hold. You are the reason the citizens of America has lost all confidence in the FBI. Take your little girly gossip book and go away.

You have no idea what ethical leadership is.  Here's a hint...It's what you are not!
I have a masters degree in leadership and ethics is the most important.  Now I drive Uber Lyft and work on my film work part time. I’m retired and work three jobs.  Just love keeping busy.  I’m writing a book too and it’s rewarding getting the truth out. We have to.
Fuck off you horrific VILE human.
NARCISSISM ALERT!!!  Someone missed my photo Tweet!  DORK alert!
 post more 
You know nothing about ethical leadership.
Ethical leadership is better than any other leadership.
If ur so worried about ethical leadership how come u never had a problem with Obama?  He did so much unethical stuff in 8 years.  And then planted all you closet liberal ideologue leakers to cause havoc.
Ethical leadership? Is that what we are calling it now?
Great book @Comey 
It looks more like a long deer antler in the foreground than a tree branch. @FBI @FBIMobileAL @FBIPhoenix @FBISeattle http://noebadillo.com 
I enjoy the walk north of Great Falls to the boat landing. It's beautiful. Mr. Comey, I bought your book today as a gift for my daughter when she comes to visit in a few weeks. Since we're neighbors, any chance I could get you to sign it for her?

So deep Jimmy. Sooo deep. 
No.  We haven’t missed them.
In the for ground, could be a mantle piece for a Cabin.
just contemplating how I use to be the fbi director but got fired.  Damn!
It takes a lot of rest to fabricate all those lies.
Even your photography is crooked!
ETHICAL LEADERSHIP??!! Are you kidding!!! Your job was to prosecute people who broke the law...but you twisted the law, or flat out ignored the law and let HILLARY GO!  You are a criminal and should be prosecuted!
Nice shot.  Peaceful for you, right?  Looking through the viewfinder really focuses yourself on what matters in the shot..for you!
Ignore the trolls. 
It will move to the clearance bin within a week just like Hillary
Um Hey asking for a friend or 2 no really all of America...When in the Hell is something going to break to give us some Hope? Tired of feeling despair.
Not sure when that might happen. Until then, here is something to think about,

"As we advance in life  it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the  inmost strength of the heart is developed. "
Vincent Van Gogh
https://www.brainyquote.com/topics/strength 
Beautiful..do you fish? I wish we did again .It's so relaxing..
quite moments are when truth and compassion speak to our souls
Don't drop the soap buddy.
The calm before the storm! Lovely photo 
Beautiful.  Glad you are finding nature to appreciate.
YOU are the least qualified person on earth to discuss ETHICS!!
Looks like the place needs draining...  GET READY FOR GITMO SLIPPERY SWAMP CREATURE !    #thestorm #qanon #tarmac #releasethevideo #hillarycoverup #youlost #maga
ethical? now that's funny coming from you. like you even know what the word means
That driftwood looks like a fantastical creature.
Enjoy it. Your going to be looking down over the exercise yard soon.
Perhaps, leaving the FBI, is the best thing that could have happened to you? You seem to have spent too long, around unsavory characters? Now, you can get out in nature & make your living as a writer. All those years of meticulous note taking, obviously, prepared you for this?
Lovely capture.
You know nothing about ethics. It is you, and your book that are untethered to the truth. Who talks like that, by the way? You are an unethical piece of crap.
It is wonderful to to hear your pictures and hear what you have to say. I appreciate your candor and thoughtfulness, and wish that none of us had to deal with Trump in the White House. Thank you!
The world would be better served if you threw your sick manuscript in the Potomac.  My bad it would only pollute it more!
Are you kidding?  Ethical leadership is something you could never understand.  You are the poster child for unethical leadership.  Just fade away.  Better yet, Sessions should grow a pair and proscecute you. You destroyed the repuation of the FBI.  It is now the western Gestopo.
Looks like a mini dinosaur. Very cool.
If you yourself were ethical you wouldn’t have been fired! You’re a lying RAT has been!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP lying rat Comey #pathetic #disgusting #slimball #swamper
Contemplating throwing yourself into the cold water to drown?
Ethical Leadership -  OMYGOD - who or what are you - I wouldn't let you lead my dog.
What a slimeball
No wonder no one has seen the #LochNessMonster lately.
Seems poor ol' #Nessie been a bit of a drifter lately
And what would you know about “ethical leadership” #NoHonor#
You are only making FBI look criminal!!
You're looking forward to all that money!
Ya right. Dont strain any muscles pattin yourself on the back. You should really be thanking the kindergartner who wrote that book for you. The only thing you could have improved on is print your book on a roll, that way it'd be used properly.  Wipe....flush.

And who please tell is going to teach you about ethics????
This is the photo tweet we all are waiting for
You heard wrong
Ethical leadership? You're a JOKE. I will not buy your book or tune in to listen to your lies,
Your statement is not a surprise. Clearly you avoid reading quite a bit.
Not interested
Who are these people?  I believe most people just want you to go away.
I read your book, It is fascinating and amazing.Thank you showing us the truth about that sob president thing, however each page i read i still think and remember what you have done one week before the election. It seems you supported him to be president of us and your boss.
HEY KOOL-AID
You have to have ethics to have a discussion about them
Historic #Occoneechee Speedway trail in #Hillsborough #NC...I go here for walks on my lunch break everyday. There truly is #beauty everywhere if you simply stop to look... #gratitude #ThankYouForYourService
Did you run into Hillary?
your book reads like you're a natural writer, and natural writers need to be near water, to let the thoughts and feellings from the muse flow.  Write more, please.
Ethical leadership? Unreal
Ethical leadership how funny
Exactly!
Ha ha ha! Ethical?
What a joke coming from you!
What do you know about ethical leadership????
#weasle
Exactly!
You need to have ethics before you try and lecture and teach people. Hillary walking free and was still able to run was one of the biggest fraud committed by you and the FBI. You should be in jail not writing a lie book
The corrupted dirty cop who disgraced and politicized the FBI now thinks he can discuss ethics? Your actions and lies prove you don't even know what "ethics" mean!! Go away loser!

Ha ha ha !!! Ethical Leasership ? your dirty !!
too bad you didn't trip, fall, break neck and drown.
Awesome and excited to get this book. #EthicalLeadership
You must be an ethical person before you can talk about the subject.  May God have mercy on you.  You do know that all liars are going to an eternal hell.  There is no purgatory.  This life determines where you will spend eternity.  You need to repent, fully.
Ethical? Are you kidding me? You corrupt piece of shit. You ruined the FBI w your narcissism and self importance.Most of this country knows your http://motives.You  deserve the death penalty. Traitor.
If ya have to keep telling people you’re “ethical” who are you trying to convince,
Exactly!
You ruined the fbi single handily
You’re seriously touched in the head.
take it all in now in case you don't see the outside for a while.
Ah, the beauty of unemployment.
Yes. Thank the Lordy, there will be tapes.
You? Speeking to others about ethical leadership? 
Ethical Leadership....says the lying snake!! 
Who said it?
10/10 would not use your photography services. Nor buy your book.
Oh Lordy be....I dont think I want you to be part of any discussion on ethics. You have already done enough damage to our nation. Can’t you just hold hands with the Clintons and fade away into the woods? Please.... with sugar on it..
We MISS YOU SIR!!!
You’re a man of integrity and history will bear that out.
Who’s writing this shot for you
Like you, our fore father's likely enjoyed this beautiful view. Thank you for the picture and for your patriotism.

Sir, your photos are beautiful! Thank-you for everything you are doing for the American people. I can’t wait until your book is released. Once again, thank-you for helping the American people see the truth.
It looks chicken's leg bones!!!!
nessie fossil!
Lol you talking about being ethical?  What a joke!  You might believe your story but I will tell you that you have proven yourself to be a liar and other then brainwashed libs most Americans know it!!
JimBoy..You really want to talk about ethics?
Beautiful peaceful
How we miss ethical leadership!
Ethics? For real.  Clearly your the master.
Have you considered walking around in Lake Myakka in Sarasota?
I can't believe networks/shows are giving you a platform for your new book. You should not be able to collect a dime for anything.
A cheating spouse blames his/her spouse for cheating when in fact the person doing the blaming is the only guilty party. Feeling guilty James  Comey? Your primarly focus is 
"ethics ". You are obsessed with ethics. I submit that you are Extreamly Guilty of Unethical Conduct!
So, when Trump says crooked Hillary all the time and cheatin’ Obama that means he is actually crooked and a cheater. Thanks for clearing that up!!
You probably won't see this in jail...enjoy it while you can....swamp is draining....
With luck you will have a "Clinton accident" and won't have to spend the rest of your days in prison. Tick tock.
THATS NOT THE BOOK OF LIES. HOW CAN IT BE BELIEVED?
Ethical leadership? This must be a parody account

Get all the nature in now, soon you'll be looking at concrete.
You can’t ever speak on the topic of ethical leadership. That’s like Bernie speaking on ethical investing. Absolutely HillaryAss.
I love this pic!Looks like a ballet dancer in repose.I took this pic on a roadside in Va. Freaky similar!
Using the word, ethical, in your tweets is an oxymoron.

What do you know about ethical leadership?
Ethical leadership??? Do you mean like those at the top (1-3%) of the FBI ??? I hope not .... You guys are blatantly corrupt & if you think the world doesnt notice then you are a complete moron. Good luck sir .... You have dug your grave & "hopefully" Hillary was worth it  .
Ethical leadership?
Here’s a creative title for your book. “How To Survive Leavenworth” A Crooks Guide to Prison Life... TickTock
Hey Jimmy the Potomac runs North and south you should’ve been walking east or west
Beautiful!  When seeing this pic, it makes me think of the hundreds of people, along with our fore fathers who floated along this river.  What it must have been like back then in the early days of the USA!
hope you enjoyed the fresh air... it gets stuffy in prison

Will you accept @seanhannity challenge? you already lied to Congress, America, and God. So why would you be scared of #Hannity?

http://bluepillsheep.com/sean-hannity-calls-out-james-comey/ …
Ethical leadership? 
Were u looking for Russians or Hillary in the woods? 
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Is that a joke? ethical...do you honestly believe your ethics are not in question...
Better late than never
The only one not looking forward to your book is cadet bone spurs.
We are all looking forward to the release of your book!!!
Fuk you and your book.
Ethical people dont bonk children. You & yours are demon posseded evil. 
Cast your sins out, pray for forgiveness. Your going to need it.
Peddle book much?
This is not difficult...picking the honorable broker between James Comey and Donald Trump? I'm laughing so hard that I just pissed myself.
Did you look in the water and see any snakes? That's just your reflection!
Ethical leadership...lol.. That's funny
Sorry, but you are no expert on ethical leadership.  You allowed Hillary Clinton to escape prosecution when she was guilty of multiple felonies.
What the people would really like to see is the photo album from your trip to Jeffrey Epstein's island.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart, you stating something about being Ethical, that is the best joke of the year. You should have "Most Corrupt Cop Of The Year" and I am a retired LEO.
You on ethical behavior?  haha, #ifuckingronic
wow..its a new species...
You'll be the example of what not to do
Look forward to reading your book.
Beautiful!
Do take as many walks outside as you can, because it won't be too long before you are behind bars.  Can't wait to see you, killary and obummer in prison.  #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #MAGA
That piece of drift wood looks like an eldritch bog monster also fuck trump
You aren’t qualified to discuss ethical leadership Mr @Comey

You let down an entire country when u lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee, failed to ethically lead the @FBI and allowed a fake dossier to be used as evidence all the while telling POTUS it was inflammatory fiction.
You heard wrong
What have you hidden in there i wonder?  May it be hard drives?  Shredded papers?  Crushed cell phones?
I am too.  I have it on pre-order on Amazon.  Beautiful pic.  Thank you for your continued service to our country.  We hope to have it back one day soon.
No likely!
What a phony this guy is.
How did u take a picture of a dinosaur in md bruh
Ethical leadership, that's rich...
No one misses anything about you.
Then I hope we have a discussion about intentional disclosure of by government employees of information for the express purpose of influencing the government and the ethics of that . . . needed.
Beautiful Director Comey,
Ethical leadership.  I've almost forgotten what that looks like.
You? Ethical leadership? That's rich!
Well the discussion is all you can join!
Don’t think you heard that again and again and again. About the 6th tweet! No one misses your photos. Morris Code?
Ethical leadership...lol
