What the hell is Mueller investigating. You said in your book their was no obstruction. There is no Russian collusion. Is he just trying to go after Trumps associates, so you guys don't look like the idiots you are?
How much $$ is the Mueller fake Russia investigation costing the American hardworking taxpayer.
How much is our taxes going to go up to pay for that fricken WALL? and trillions of $$ being added to our deficit.  We will be headed to another recession maybe a depression then what?
The wall is going to save us money....it's true, research it. The trillions of $$$ was added to the debt via Congress and they are back tracking on it and trying to pass a balanced budget. Don't put that on Trump, ricky bobby.
It's not costing us a dime.  Mexico's paying for it.  Pumpkin Jesus said so.

Debunked. He's used these gestures in the past with others.
If you actually watch the YouTube video there's a huge difference between the slight gestures he uses in those clips and what he did when he was talking about the disabled reporter.
No there isn’t, you just wish there were.
I have eyes.
Do you have brain? That’s where the magic happens.
always the name calling. Real classy.  Nice fake profile picture by the way.  Haha.
It hasn't been debunked, you believe Lyin' Donald. (Wanna talk about name-calling?) Too late to defend him for this anyway. Everyone knows what he was doing.
You have better hair than him. That pisses him off.
A skunk has better hair than Donald Trump
Bot
How ironic you'd yell "bot" at someone else because that's EXACTLY what you are.. a paid operative bot
What's ironic is using a bot to call someone else a bot
Ch 1: Leaking Classified Memos to the NY Times 

Ch 2: Lying Under Oath

Ch 3: Helping Your Deputy Lie Under Oath

Ch 4: Letting The Clintons Skate

Ch 5: What Was On Weiner’s Laptop (Redacted)

Ch 6: Insurance Policies

Ch 7: Using Fake Dossiers to Obtain Wiretaps
That is an impressive amount of fake news.
If that had really happened, you would be right. You need to wake up and realize Trump and Fox News have been lying to you.

This is a good example of actual fake news. Thanks.
Maybe your liberal leaning Wikipedia will show you libtards CNN is biased propaganda. Trying to heard the sheep
 You and ethical leadership in the same sentence now that’s funny 
He needs to Shut It
No one cares what traitor Comey has to say.
I don't care

IDGAF
Except he get his just rewards
Firing squad is one option. Isn’t that what they do to traitors?
Outstanding  idea
Write your next book about this demonic monster.
LOL...when you have nothing, you bring up Hillary...who, if she was guilty, would already be behind bars.

Try again.
She's the only leader the Democrat party has. When she shuts her wicked lying mouth, we will.
If only Trump could read.
If only Comey actually was a moral ethical person. He would still have his job.


Can’t wait to get my copy and watch your 20/20 interview tonight.

Best of luck with the book!

You are a true patriot, Director Comey. You walked the walk, unlike ‘others’ who just talk the talk. 



America First

You keep your #MAGA, #MAGAts. 

And we’ll keep ours    

trump can run, but he can’t hide. Cohen’s office and residence have been raided by the FBI and trump’s dirty laundry is about to be aired for the whole world to see eeewww... 

#MuellerIsComingForYou, donnie 
The sequel:

I haven't read a good spy novel in a long time. And, I think I'll pass on yours.
Pre-ordered first day available...doing our best to promote things that have pissed @realDonaldTrump off over the last 2 weeks....the U.S. Post Office, Amazon, you, and law enforcement. I am positive police will be at our house for fight over who gets to read it first!! 
If you are so ethical, why are you claiming to have filed the Hatch Act complaint against McCabe???  Wrong! I was the only complainant! I confirmed this with the Chief of the Hatch Act Unit in the Office of Special Counsel! They work Hatch Act complaints #ReinstateRobynGritz
Well... @Comey DOES lie a lot.
I pre-ordered it. I have a question though - why announce reopening of email review days before the election, and not tell the world trump campaign was under investigation for possible coordination with russia?
What the hell are you talking about?
Misdirection. Stop sniffing glue. We know that's Trump you're referring to. Wrong feed.
So much rage in you , it almost sounds like your describing the things you have done to children  among other things.. scary !!
Im not the only one who knows what traitor comey is. 
https://twitter.com/LOLGOP/status/985577815675473922 … Most peopel voted for her, that means most people know what he is.
Comey did more to elect Trump than anyone on earth including Putin. 

So what I'm saying is: No matter who you are, Trump would toss a hose in your mouth if your were drowning if he thought it would help him enjoy…
Your book is an attempt to cash in before you go down in flames as the worst director of the FBI. You used your position and politicized it to the point you were willing to provide cover for Hillary at that the same time smearing @POTUS. You are not honorable, you're despicable.
Hehehehhee #Comey fired back the salvos
I hope it’s a success for you I will be reading it,who knew having a reality tv star as President would be so entertaining lol
The left is causing this because they had to one up with a plan the last minute because they thought the corruption would just continue. Oh no, Trump won. Now what do we do. Oh an insurance policy. Distraction. Mueller covered for us on uranium 1. He will do it again. IG report!!
Trump is so winning hahahaha he’s a psychopath
I hope the assholes take a hint, so to speak, and stop dipping into the fruit smoothie meant for our healthy children. This is my dining room and I just caught my dawg Dusty.  That crowd of the one other, listen the fuck up. @Frank_Schaeffer 
I have it pre-ordered.  Whether I agree with portions or not is immaterial.  I think this will be an important, historic read.
Don't buy it , STEAL IT !
You're what's wrong with this world, @ianrichardward.  Get off my feed.
Yes because we all know you're so ethical.  You are a lost cause.  By the way, Trump may have white circles from tanning goggles under his eyes but honey your bags are packed and ready to go. No room to comment on anyone's looks. Big hands just like your big head!
Your book sucks.
The hardest thing for a Lawyer to admit, is to admit he is corrupt, that he serves his own purpose whether to make a profit or to gain a false prestige.
#BringingDownJustice 
#InternationalSocialistParty
I cannot wait to read your book and thank you for your service protecting myself & my fellow Americans in your time as the head of the @FBI
Thanks for your service James. I hope you make a fortune selling you book! Maybe do a sequel after the impeachment...


Dear @Comey, I know it is too late for you to zip it, but I hope u know every time you open ur mouth x hurting the reputation of ur fmr  colleagues and the FBI. U probably don’t care, bc u are gone as a dirty cop. But pls just sell ur unethical book!

Let me guess which one is the counterpoint
"ethical" and "leadership" should never come out of your mouth. You have disgraced the FBI.
You’ll be in Fed Prison orange attire soon enough for lying to the FISA court.
How does heavily weighing political concerns square with ethical leadership? (Asking for 65,800,000.)
I’m included in that number 
It is unclear whether or not Trump was also mocking his handicap, but I certainly wouldn’t put it past him.  Also, to mock anyone at all is unpresidential and far beneath the office.  That so many Americans either don’t know or don’t care is disgraceful.
I will never, ever understand the people who voted for him.
It’s very easy to understand. The country was going to shit. Hillary couldn’t have enough people killed or hide enough lies in time to win. So a non bought and paid for politician stepped up to the plate is is now #maga. I hope that’s clear enough.
Pre-order it in march!!
Thank you!!

Who's paying you to stalk and talk shit about them?
No one. Who pays them to stalk & talk shit about the President? Why is ok for the left to insult, call names to whoever they want but as soon as it’s turned around you can’t take it? If it can go one way why can’t it go the other way? Those 2 brothers do all day everyday.
Because they do the same thing.....idiot
“Because they do the same thing”? Are you having trouble expressing your thoughts?
You are a disgrace & you are not untouchable!You have been exposed attempting to black mail the @realDonaldTrump with your fake Russia scam! Once the coup you started  is quashed you will be arrested and hopefully suffer the death penalty for treason and crimes against the state
@Comey and #Mueller will be occupying the same #HillaryClintonWing @ #GITMO 'Inshallah'
YOU are doing the FBI and the DOJ no favors whatsoever blabbing your lies! Currently they are trying to repair the damage that you left behind! YOU, MaCabe and all your mafia croonies are the reason American people don't trust the very people that are to supposed to protect us!
Your book is about being a Whiny little girl. You got canned. You played politics, poorly, and now want to cash in. Forever tarnished
Stop playing, Comey.
Mr. Comey you owe the Entire Country an Apology... Had you not come forward right before the election about Hillary Clinton and also voicing your own opinion, we wouldn't have Trump in Office. Which role did Guiliani play with you violating Election Protocol?
I so 100% agree with your comment.
100%
I agree with both of you. However I believe him to be a good, honest man. I believe his intention wasn't to hurt HRC, but to protect the FBI's name. Unfortunately, his actions had the opposite effect.
What I do fault Comey & FBI for, is being asleep at the wheel while we were attacked. Why did it take Australian & UK diplomats to sound alarm bells in Summer '16 for FBI to open investigation of Trump's campaign?
The only thing I can think is the climate was harsh, like sizzling acid harsh.
I plan to read your book asap. Looking forward to it, James. Jesus said to look at the fruit of the tree. If the fruit is good then we know the tree is good. If not, then not. I believe you are a truly good & honorable man.
Comey, you destroyed the credibility of the entire FBI 7th floor with your corrupt pandering to hiLIARy.  You thought you could get away with it because she would win.  She didn't, now you should pay the price, which is an indictment as part of the criminal swamp.
It still boggles my mind how it was even possible for someone like you to be an FBI director. Just can't wrap my brain around it, and probably never will. All I can say is THANK GOD FOR @REALDONALDTRUMP. #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheSewer #DrainTheDeepState #ComeyFired
Amen sista.
Focused on the size of Trump's hands and skin color? 

WTH is wrong with that man?!? Lordy!
He is making me mildly, I mean wildly nauseous. This was the head of the FBI? Are you frigin kidding me? This seventh grade hormonal little twat was the #1 in the US’s FBI. I just can’t imagine how hw got that position. I can’t.
TY @Comey. Got my copy on audible last night. Based on recent media, which focuses on your trump debacle, I was surprised to learn the  perspective you share on other presidencies. It’s insightful and appreciated. I hope it advances the changes we need.
owww shots fired!
That's funny. You have to explain your book. Nice try creep.

YOU are an enemy of America! Care to comment or are you sleeping with the Supreme Court bish who also sleeps on the job.
Hey Comey FU!
Be your own attorney. Getting hot Comey. You may want to block me.

We'll call you, among many other things, Count BlockUla
Have you noticed that most of these guys in the FBI, Congress and the Senate are lawyers?  

Makes you wonder what they teach in law school. 
By the way, I am a Douglas. LOL. Just FYI.
And I have many Douglas ancestors as well. All royalty from the 1600s.
10) My son is not only a Douglas, but a Hatfield related to the Queen on her German side. He lives in England and was married near Castle Douglas in Dumfries, where I have visited.
@comey - Your  “book” reads like a @NatEnquirer condensed book!

Nice try though.  Americans are not stupid, as you counted on.
Written by someone with little or no writing experience! #PureFiction


He threw us under the bus so could help throw Hillary in the WH. He knew what he was doing. His association with the Clintons goes back too far to think otherwise. Anyone with the Clintons will never be unscathed.
U have no values or ethics... you are devoid of character.
@Comey   I was at the event last night at Curran Theatre, in San Francisco. It was a full house, completely sold out and an eager crowd. Sir, due to your experiences in leadership capability, I believe you made the best decision in the circumstances you had at that time.
@Comey Sir, you’re very positive and you have a good sense of humor. Everyone else seemed to love what you had to say. You’re truly an inspiration!  @RobertSMewller 
We gave a standing ovation at the end! 
#QAnon We elected Trump as the key to lock you all up. @realDonaldTrump & tear down your institutions. @georgesoros @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @Comey @johnpodesta @Jarrett @HumaAbedin @davidbrockdc @GeorgeHWBush @BillClinton @SenJohnMcCain @JohnKerry @EricHolder
He speaks at his alma mater William & Mary tomorrow night. The lying Comey tour continues 
Clear proof. Lying has it's rewards. That's when ethics comes into play.
Ethical? I think it's probably more of a"this is what NOT to do, if you want to be ethical"! You have embarrassed the FBI. And you have a lawyer who must hate you allot to allow you to continue this ridiculous book tour,and with YOUR MEMOS, your pushing it.shhhh!
"Fusion GPS, the purveyor of the unverified garbage written by its Moscow sources, was having a bad time getting anyone to print it in the press,...But then COMEY briefed Trump about existence of the dossier, & suddenly the matter was leakable" 
Tick Tock
THERE ONCE WAS A DIRECTER NAMED COMEY, HE THOUGHT EVERYONE WAS HIS HOMIE....HE WROTE A FAKE BOOK, AND THOUGHT HE WAS OFF THE HOOK, BUT HE NOW HAS A FUTURE THATS GLOOMEY!!!!
Ethical? Where were your ethics when you decided to pull that stunt announcing investigation before the election? Your book should be more about atonement. You helped give us that russian puppet squatting in the oval office.
BAM!
 The title of your book isn’t aging well. 
McCabe Knows All  About Your "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" !!
Our hope is that the profit from your book is seized by the Government for your crimes. 

#ComeyMemos


"Ethical" "Leadership" ... you can not be serious? I'd like to see chapters on leaking, lying, and polticizing one of the greatest agencies in the world. You will indeed go down as the worse director of the FBI. Also, not the brightest #SlimeyComey
Those of you who are expecting his book to be a scathing denigration of the POTUS will be disappointed. JBC shares his experiences on the level of a philosopher, theologian, prosecutor, & executive; his memoir is exemplary; however, we would have to agree to disagree on some pts.
I’m listening to it now. I’ve laughed and cried. Enjoying it very very much. An honest and sincere rendition of your life 
James Comey's leaks now a matter for the Justice Department
Seeing the #ComeyMemos as a suitable addition to your shocking revelations. @realDonaldTrump wanted you to drop an investigation, seems obsessed with what Russia has on him & would like to jail reporters that reveal inconvenient truths. Mafia methods. Nothing to see here.
The phone call on the fake Russian collusion story will be your downfall Jim. You should go away now before you tarnish the 99% of the real ethical, dedicated FBI members. You are not one of them.


I loved your book! People should read it before jumping to conclusions about what’s inside
You are unbelievably delusional. You can prosecute Martha Stewart but not Hillary Clinton. Time for you to go to jail.
Your book is wonderful. I’m enjoying it very much.
Donald Trump’s criminal scandals now involve police sketches, blackmail tapes, the National Enquirer, sexual assault, fake aliases, witness tampering, the FBI, bank fraud, wire fraud, money laundering, obstruction of justice, and treason. Hillary Clinton used the wrong email.
Just finished the book and it is insightful and gripping. Lessons on ethical leadership abound in this book/ it is bigger than the sound bites about Trump ( who is soul less ). It shows a pathway to moral leadership and examples of    corrupt leadership.
Who is Q?
#IAMQ 
#QAnon 
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit 
#FrankOlson
I just finished reading your book.    Thank you for your ethical leadership.  I am grateful for leaders like you and the optimism and hope you wrote about in your epilogue.
I admire you highly @Comey ....I have watched a number of your TV interviews this week-I'm with you 100%. I received your book and look forward to reading it.
I purchased the audio version and was enlightened, sir. I didn’t know what I expected, other than knowing more about you, but your view on law enforcement is noble and immediately purchased a copy for my son who is just beginning a life in law enforcement. Thank you, sir.
“Evil has an ordinary face.” #AHigherLoyalty #Vote
I have struggled and tried hard to find common ground with you on this one, but Sorry Comey after what you did in 2016 until you lost your job, hard to believe your line of inquiry, argument, logic and moral ground. Just saying
LEEEEAAAAAKKKKKKEEEEERRRRRRRR #ComeyTownHall @Comey @CNN @andersoncooper
Looking forward to reading your book which arrived today. Keep speaking the truth!  TY!  Wishing you and your family well.
The book is well written, interesting, and inspirational. Thank you for trying to do it ethically, in spite of political fall out from all directions.
Just finished reading your book.  Well written. Enjoyed the background on your life to help explain your thinking during the 2016 election....Don’t judge until you walk a mile in his shoes....Thank you Dir. @Comey, Much respect!!
How can it be ethical by destroying a presidential candidate over a fake scandal. She made a mistake, but didn’t not break any laws. You should publicly apologize to @HillaryClinton and feel very ashamed of yourself. #ImWithHer #Onward
How many people received immunity after you knew emails had been destroyed by bleach bit & hammers? The lawyers who were also witnesses for HRC were allowed to sit in on her fake interview?
You think we are stupid. 
You did nothing.
America loves a rising star. What America loves more than a rising star? a falling one. Ask yourself this Comey. Are people following you to watch you rise or to watch you fail? Asking for a friend. #QAnon #SuperTroopers2 @HillaryClinton #SethRich
Ethical leadership, that made me laugh.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha LIAR
I LIKE YOU BUT YOU NEED TO STOP WHISPERING...YOU NEED TO CALL OUT TRUMP AS A TRAITOR AND AN ENEMY OF THE U.S. STOP BEING SO NICE GROW SOME STREET BALLS.
I’m almost done (savoring the last bit on audio) & the whole time I’m thinking “But I was so SURE that I was right about this!”

So much insight into my own confirmation biases Jim. Swallowing some humble pie. 

“The truth will set you free but first piss you off.”
Except, you mixed up one President with another.
If you think Obama was an ethical leader, You will be in for quite a shock going forward.    #WeThePeople know the Truth, and the Lies are being exposed.  We now have the Leadership to #MAGA.
Yeah and half your interviews, you claim "I don't know"  Only ones buying your book are Trump haters! He was duly elected! GET OVER IT!  Generations have changed.  We are ready for a transparent President FINALLY! Plenty of past Presidents had worse issues hidden from us.
Director Comey I want to tell you how much I enjoyed your book both it’s content and prose. I noticed last night on The Rachel Maddow Show, you seem subdued. Don’t let them dampen your spirit
Starts with a book tour for "a higher loyalty" and aw-shucks media interviews

Ends with @Comey behind bars for leaking classified info

#Qanon8chan #QAnon
Men of high ranking wouldn’t of even considered writing a book like this, you did it for money because in the end and there’s always a end the truth will come out, and I don’t think you’re clean by no standers “I think you’re kind of worried about that,
I FINALLY watched your interview with @StephenAtHome @colbertlateshow. While I was initially pissed at you for the pre-election announcement, hearing you explain your motives behind it, I can honestly say I respect you more.

I look forward to reading your book 
My favorite part was the end, where you end up spending the next 15 years getting blasted in the fart box in the unsanitary communal shower of a federal penitentiary.
Unfortunately, you're probably right...
Grt Job Director. Keep up the good work!! #dontcheaturgrtness
Thank you for being such a stand up person. You are truly inspiring. Keep doing you, you are a bright light in dark times my friend.
Loving the book, it's  beautifully written. It's going to be read for many years to come.
Got your book today, v excited, and 1st thing I did was go to the index to see if there were @SallyQYates references. Found a typo! The 1st page reference should be 127 (not 125). You can fix that next printing! 
Thank you for your book and your interviews today. We have been hungering for integrity as a country. You are the real deal.
Thank you for your leadership. Please keep up the good fight, for all of us.
I understand we all have our opinions, that said can't wait for your book to arrive, not going to base my view on TID bits of interviews. You give the impression to me that you care about us, but we all have our flaws but you stand by your decisions.
Listening to your book on audible.
So far very insightful.
Also, so glad you did your own reading I love to hear the author’s own voice.
Sir, I'm 100% Pro Trump, but I feel you were unfairly squeezed during the investigation.  I hope you come clean and give up the true culprit.  I don't think you were protecting incompetent Hillary, it was Obama.  The American pep deserve your loyalty more than that traitor.
I have a feeling you are not going to be doing book tours or interviews after tonight's news.  What do you have to say about McCabes lies and "leadership" also what about your memos coming out?  Please let everyone who bought your book know the truth.
Enjoyable and informative book. Stay strong, keep up the fight!
You are such a fraud. I hope you spend a long time in a little room thinking about how you got there!!
On now @maddow @Comey @MSNBC  brilliant questions.  . No Fluff. NO FUZZ!
YOUR BOOK IS ABOUT LIESSSSSSS  YOU POS
stopped reading after "ethical leadership"
Trumpism GOP have never studied or practiced ethical leadership. IMO, lawyers, in general don't have mind or skill set to embrace or practice, ethical leadership, & thus, s/n be servants of the people. Govt systems r designed wrong making advancing society as a whole impossible.
Yeah Congress is coming for you lying James @Comey #MAGA
Your book helps me understand your past decisions. I am glad for that.
He chose not to memorialize conversations with President Obama, Attorney General Lynch, Secretary Clinton, Andrew McCabe or others, but he immediately began to memorialize conversations with President Trump.
No it isn’t....ethical?? You’ve bumped your head...all you’re doing is controlling your own crash landing...u knew it was coming back to you and your actions as FBI dir.  that’s all. But you’re screwed buddy. What is done in the dark will be brought to light.
How ethical could you be to have been in top law enforcement of our country and then go and work for a bank that was caught with money laundering for drug cartels and terrorists ... why weren't they charged?
Seriously....how can you possibly say you are an ethical leader? Perhaps you need to look hat word up in the dictionary. Im fairly certain lying and leaking classified info isn’t listed. 
I’m eager to read it.  Would love you coming to Ventura county, CA for a book signing!
I understand people point bout president trump BUT this book literally sounds like someone bitching why? They were fired And it sounds like Comey is bitter as to why? He was fired I can’t understand he got fired and writes a book and that’s leadership? It’s called hypocrisy!!
Mr. Comey, I just finished your book and thoroughly enjoyed it. Very well written and, without a doubt, believable. Thank you for giving the American people a peek behind the scenes. Some of us suspected, we now have validation.
Sorry you had your chance and you believed yourself above the democratically elected POTUS. You serve at their pleasure not vice versa. Your opinion of our choice is irrelevant and the fact you think it is more relevant shows why you had to go. You are a deep state swamp dweller.
Ex-FBI No. 2 alerted then-FBI chief Comey of plans to talk to press: lawyer | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Your book deal is unethical!!!  He is your president. He is your president. He is your president!!!!!!
Comey's at it again... with another one of his interviews. Hmm wonder if he's being honest. 
B.S.  Nothing ethical about you!
what the hell would you know about ethics? that pathetic tortured explanation you gave Anderson Cooper was laughable you cretin

As the wife of an FBI agent I did read the entire book. There is one thing I am now sure of: I would love to be friends with Patrice!
Wish to meet u one day truly a real American that loves this beautiful country we live in, ur thoughts n ur smartness will open ppls eyes n maybe just maybe we will get America back n we will be good again keep talking 
Keep up your honesty! I'm concerned about the political climate we're in at this time. It's most concerning.
You should be ashamed of yourself
"Ethical leadership"? You're a sick individual. You wouldn't know about ethics if it was tatooed to your forehead. Only a jackwagon like yourself would infer something sinister from the word loyalty. You have disgraced the FBI and our nation.

Your book is now sold in Hillary's Costco aisle.

I hear sales have increased greatly since it was moved there.

#Comey
#Pompeo
#AHigherTreason
How would you recognize it?
Listening to your town hall, You need to run for President!
Your book is a way to raise money for legal fees and an exercise in mental-masturbation.
You obviously do not know the definition of ethical or leadership.
Your book will now be getting vetted by your own memos along with the IG report. I call your book a treatise in bullshittery that’s going to be exposed as just that in a very short while.
Your book is horseshit and will be at Dollar Tree in a couple of weeks.
James, You’re a very foolish man going off the rails.  You’re going to end up reading your book in jail.   God knows the truth and it looks like by the way things are going God’s going to make you pay in a very humiliating way. Be an example for your daughters—tell the truth!
Owe wow book tour, kind of like Hillary "what happened". ? News flash your both lost..
#ethical BAHAHAHAHAHA #leadership BAHAHAHAHAHA #values BAHAHAHAHAHA #jamescomey #ComeyCorruption
Comey the Clown. your Book is Full of Bullschiff it Reads like a Gay Romance novel.
Fired FBI Director @Comey told President Trump in early 2017 that he is not a leaker. "I said I don't do sneaky things, I don't leak, I don't do weasel moves."  EXCEPT THAT ONE TIME WHEN YOU DID!!!!!!!  Traitor.
James where is the Adrenochrome?? You can't hog it all!!
I’m reading your book and have watched several of your interviews. Stunned the focus is all on Trump and ignores the valuable leadership and ethics lessons. Thank you! @mnila
Nobody loves Comey the way Comey loves Comey!  #ScandalFinale #comeytheNARCISSIST!
Because your leadership was ethical? Releasing classified information and bashing the president on “unlikely possibilities” is ethical? Is it ethical to say whenever I see you, all I notice is how one of the bags under your eyes is larger than the other?
"Good people lie." Really? Is lying a part of ethical leadership?
You should have practiced the philosophy found in, “The Fifth Discipline”, by Peter Senge. What happened during your short tenure was “textbook” problems of an archaic bureaucracy.
Comey pretends in Bret Baier interview he still doesn't know if Clinton/DNC funded the Steele dossier, then claims with total certainty that Republicans funded the dossier first, because Free Beacon hired/fired Fusion GPS before Steele was hired. Incredible dishonesty.
Your boy Andrew McCabe just got hit with a criminal referral. You're next.
LMAO!!! Ethical leadership. Are you on drugs. You are represent the most unethical treasonous failure of law enforcement that this country has ever seen! Except maybe Andrew McCabe.
Since you support the rule of law...& leaked classified information...despite your opinion to the contrary...karma &.the rule of law will prevail...self described weasel becomes the French "fait accompli"
GREAT READ? We owe Comey a debt of gratitude. It seems he was unwittingly was the sacrificial lamb that instigated the much needed investigation into a a man who lies so much its impossible to know the truth. Thanks for your service & the gift of your book
It is. You have a unique viewpoint. Thank you for the book
hmmm...... 

Already released comments from your book, your Memos & other actions and inaction by you seem to indicate that you might just be a self serving egotistical lying hypocrite. So, No thanks #Comey
You’re the antithesis of what u stand for.Your actions belie your words.Your July presser&Oct memo defy FBI policy.Families have been ripped apart. Ppl have been killed. This "forest fire" that u helped create will be put out but the damage will last.And we'll never have Hillary
@HillaryClinton , @CNNPolitics and all members of the swamp,  Speech that Made Trump President
Ethical leadership. ..fuck thats some funny shit Jimmy. ..almost as hilarious as the title....get ready to take the stand Jimmy
Ethical leadership,you got shitcanned by President DONALD TRUMP for that very reason,you have a point hoping people who read it to find it useful,how not to act if you want to be an ethical leader if not it could be useful as kindling for a fire
Crooked Comey!!!!
Just read your book and found it to be interesting, informative, based on fact and I felt truthful (something DC currently lacks). Thank you for your sacrifice, service and honest professionalism .

And I Don’t Leak ............. much.
Hope you either get sentenced to GITMO or ADX Florence.
#MAGA
#Trump
I read the book and loved it!  Thank you.
I think u made errors regarding @HillaryClinton who I will always hav Tremendous Admiration 4, but u truly hav a lifelong proof of love 4 the Law & service to our country!
It’s ironic that you’re now being investigated for exactly the same charges as Hillary. Except in your case you have proven intent. Make sure you pack your toothbrush when you go to court.
I love how you show the way your ethical leadership was formed. You could have "lied" and made yourself look better as you recalled those painful situations in your past, but your honesty is endearing! Thanks!
I just finished and believed you then, and REALLY believe you now, stand tall!  #jamescomey #fbidirector #truth #higherloyalty
The manner in which you were fired is a disgrace. The white house is being conducted like a reality show-tired of it.
