Hannity is talking abt you two frauds tonight.
But the problem is that they are working to help the Republicans and most Republicans like this help.
My opinion is that many Republicans expect that they will lose their advantage come 2018/2020 if Russia isn’t on their side.
At this point, every single republican needs to be charged with treason.
I had no issue with DACA. After watching what has transpired my position has changed, follow the law and apply like every immigrant before you. Apply, attend classes and become a citizen. Enough of this automatic pass into this country.
Amen, like my family did.
You are far worse for America than any Russian.
Comey, stand by your convictions, you, Mueller, me, & everyone w/knows the truth, & we ALL have to answer to them, I applaud you for standing up in your beliefs & telling Trump & everyone that will be reading your new book what Trump really is & hopefully GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE!
The problem is America is now filled with millions that don’t love and willing to fight to keep America. Most pathetic in my 59 years of life watching Obama and Hillary completely divide and destroy America. Would have been suicide for America had Hillary become president.
RUBLES FOR REPUBLICANS
Mark Zuckerberg should have been a wake up call “this is an arms race”. Congress can try to blame Facebook but they will be complicit if they continue to remain uneducated and reflexive instead of becoming proactive.
Creating an external enemy has always been politicians strategy of diverting attention from existing internal issues. Oh well. Fools want to be fooled.
A fact.
The entire Mueller probe was launched under false pretenses, on the basis of false narratives fed to willing media allies to first place Flynn under suspicion & then to claim Trump obstructed the resulting Flynn investigation.
James Comey is the biggest fraud in the history of frauds
Good point, except you publicly trashed HRC while you privately told a Judge that Trump campaign was run by Russian agents. Me thinks you put lifelong GOP party affiliation over country & FBI oath.
The Trump-Russia Investigation was still in progress. Hillary's Emails were a closed case. Not at all impartial, but it's at least a valid line of reasoning. Sorta!
His job was to protect the election & the country he knew better than anyone were under attack & he handed the election to the attacker. The FBI director steered the plane into the tower. Tired of excuses.
You get no arguments from me, but that is why the Mueller Investigations so important.

speak the truth, the American people need to hear it!

But the trouble is, the Democrats play Russia Left, just as since 1960s.

Putin shifted right; we're stuck in his horseshoe.

Christians are to blame for this. Bible says #LifeBeginsAtBirth.
See especially Episodes 9 + 14. Original Bible Hebrew & Greek.
Russia, is a threat to the free world. Like all countries who do not want freedom for all. They are afraid of the free world and want to destroy us.  We are a threat to them,they get rid of their threats.  USA#1 
European Union#2 etc. Read, Winter is Coming.
Some reason I don’t think it’s going to be able to dig him self out of the pile of shit he created ?
The shining city on the hill had a veil on it and is now being unwrapped to shine again.  James all things come to the light....all.  Your book is narcissistic and only continues to demonstrate poor discernment.  Not the time bro  to write a book
You knew Hillary & Obama were selling uranium to Russia, you had no issues with that. Only issues you have now is that you were found out covering up their crimes. Too late for tears
You may consider checking your facts on that one. What you say is not correct.
"..................." you, prior to the wlection regarding trump campaign russian espionage investigation
Mr. Comey will go down in the history books as a hero.  Remember, the memo to Congress was classified.  Jason "I'm going to spend more time with my family" Chaffetz leaked it.
Uh huh...
You should too......

Hahahahahaha. Yeah. By attacking the FBI daily ?
Not the whole FBI just the Highest in command. #Corruption
#PutinBot @TeaPainUSA

Oopsie daisy.
REALLY @Comey Russia was coming after America in 2016, instead of uniting the nation and letting us know what was happening with Trump  and Russia YOU chose to abuse your power and tank the election for @HillaryClinton This is on YOU! You do NOT love America! You are a TRAITOR!
Your post libels Mr. Comey. You should consult a lawyer before continuing to post defamatory content on the Internet. Meanwhile you should immediately remove the offending post.
You really don’t know how libel works. Lmfao.
Not only do I know how libel "works" but I can bring it all day long. Now get off the Internet because you and your lies are stinking up the place.
If you know how Libel works then you would know that James Comey is a public figure and because of that - he would have to prove “actual malice”. 
Now what he said may be untrue. I sincerely doubt that Mr. Comey’s reputation has been significantly damaged by this single tweet.
If you know how libel per se works you would know that accusing someone of committing a felony is actionable no matter who they are. Get off the Internet rookie.
How come you didn't tell us about Trump and Russia during the election?
Valid question.
He couldn't, Congress and/or WH owned that issue.

Best person to ask? Sen McConnell. He wouldn't agree to bipartisan report, and promised to say admin was playing partisan games w/election.
He felt free to tell us about the Hilary investigation a week before the election.
Not happy about that, but I think more was going on and in any case, it was 're-opening' a known case. He was not able to announce something new.

Congress and WH was briefed. They had the issue.

Again, ask McConnell. He's the one that played partisan politics with this.
He could of had his friend leak it.
*have

And leaking wasn't the issue. McConnell would have played same games, spun this hard that leak was intentionally done to help Clinton against Trump. It's the same problem

BTW, Comey doesn't leak. Criticize him all you want for actions he's taken but that isn't one.
Interesting how McConnell helped Trump but to all accounts back then, he despised the man and didn't want him in office. This all comes down to Obama KNOWING the Russians were attempting to interfere but thinking HRC would win, he kept it quiet. He even admitted he knew!
When Trump first appeared to embrace Putin over his own Intelligence agencies I knew this country was heading for trouble. Trump only concern is money...Putin’s  revenge against America. Trumps ignorance of history & foreign affairs will cost us dearly.
It already has cost us
So true. It will take years to heal the damage just to the State Dept, Dept of the Interior & FBI. Our elections will be in doubt for a long time. Trump could not care less about the mayhem that will be his legacy.
Not to mention competent, qualified people fired, retiring early, moved to other positions because of it. Devin Nunes needs to go
Yes he does.  Republicans fall for these conspiracies that Trump starts rather than looking at all the lies he's told.   You'd think every FBI agent was a Democratic to listen to them.  These guys put their lives on the line for us and we treat them like this?
Really fed up with conspiracy theories--Nunes & his groupies Jordan, Gowdy, Gaetz & others need to go
Trump started his own swamp of untalented, unprofessional and inexperienced and already has had to replace dozens of them.  And 4 with charges pending against them.
What a crock of bs. Where were you while Obama was in office - Russia wasn’t a threat then?
Come out of your hole your days are numbered
We know who you are and we see through the bull now Howdy Doody.  Stop talking politics and pray you don't get arrested.... if you do TALK because you were a pawn for people who care nothing about you.  But By GOD you are all going down!
How dare you quote JFK. 
You embody the dark side and cortuption which he fought against.
Your time is coming soon.
The same way Obama and Kerry tried to interfere with the Israeli elections I presume. 
Spent a life in the IC. Coulda convinced me, 5 years ago, we could have a russian agent in the WH. NOT that congress would be this complicit. Thank you for your service brother. Be well.
Ffs why are you so scared of Russia? Reds under the beds aaargh...get a grip. There are other things to worry about more.
But YOU! went ferociously after @realDonaldTrump who did NOTHING to collude with #Russia and gave years of cover to Obama and Hillary who WILL be shown to be criminals but NO, it's not political.

YOU.ARE.FULL.OF.SHIT
Most Americans agree with everything you say here, but when you said you looked at everything and the only logical conclusion was to announce that you are going to open up the Hillary case a week before election, you helped Putin to divide this country more than he ever dreamed.
U actually quote urself? Dude...
YUP looks like russians were the LEAST of our worries by the way....what cereal do YOU think I should eat this am??? wouldn't want you to "take down " Kelloggs if I choose incorrectly
Those who aren't with America are compromised or even worse, Russian agents/assets. This is so much worse than we originally thought. They didn't just compromise Trump and his immediate cronies. They've been infiltrating us for years.
Right cause you're the pro on choosing sides of politics.
It is so bizarre so many in GOP are prepared to go such lengths to deny this & attack our own institutions to protect SERIAL LYING Trump>We are in serious breakdown of our Democracy
Oh boy this DID NOT age well at all. What's this about Russia, fuckhead?
Quoting yourself. Wow. So much for modesty. I can't wait until you get perp walked James. You're the dirtiest cop maybe in the history of the FBI.
You wouldn’t mind coming back for a few follow up questions would you?
Lol
U.S. Got the power no Russia
James please the elephant in the room
is not Russian threat  but America : Read the Bhagavad Gita :" "Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
The Russians are uniting us, under their flag.
Russia propaganda is no threat to the American people however it exposes how corrupt our representation has become from the days of Operation Paperclip till today. Ie. So it's dangerous to you.
Never seen a person so desperate to pursue people.
And you will be blamed forever, what you did to Hillary has no pardon. And now we have Trump changing the course of History thanks to you!
The Idiocracy has gone so far it is frightening I hope you were right
The problem is that while you are trying to do an unbiased job, hopefully, those above you play dems vs conserve. But trhe organization gets a bad name when any in its ranks play the game of dems vs repubs. It only takes a few bad eggs to ruin the batch.
You're facade of sainthood has melted away. You should be in jail. That would be a righteous thing.
THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING THE TRUTH!!...LET'S GET TRUMP OUT OF THE WHITEHOUSE!!..AND MUELLER CAN DO IT FOR ALL AMERICANS.
Liar.
We wouldn't have this problem if you hadn't done what you did to @HillaryClinton?    I surely hope you sang like a canary to Mueller to redeem yourself.
Im not afraid of Russian, but dirty cops with badges are the true enemies of the state......You are done James.....Lawyer up.
The president of the United States of America doesn’t seem to agree with you. #ObstructionOfJustice times  
Why won’t @FBI stand up for itself & justice?!?
It’s time to take our country back we all need to get out and vote to remove the worst president ever
Why did you feel it necessary to bring up a red herring on Hillarys emails, yet failed to tell us about trump and the Russians?
@realdonaldtrump this job that Uhave, it is a burden, not a napoleon wannabee entitlement issue that U should've gotten counseling 4asachild
Ahead of  #ReleaseTheMemo your #BFF just got fired.
Dude you turned our most respected @FBI into a spineless liberal mess! You have no honor!
Putin did a great job didn't he. Dividing us further and further. And then we have the weak Republican contingent that puts party/power above commitment to saving the Republic.
Thanks for your loyalty & service to America James!  Must fight-fire-with-fire to save our beloved country & Democracy.  We need a national Truth Hotline which the corruption & lies of current POTUS & admin cannot assail & destroy like they're doing to the FBI & Justice Dept. now
"THE LITTLE PEOPLE"
 AS YOU CALL US !
WANT YOU  TRIED FOR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
YOUR A DISGRACE TO
 LAW ENFORCEMENT!
#ReleaseTheMemo 
#ObamaGate 
#FBITextMessages
The GOP does NOT love America. They have proven that over & over again.
#TheResistance At this time in history we're not the "shining city on the hill"-more like a shithole led by #shitholes.@realDonaldTrump #GOP
do his job! He is a great leader if people if all the hater's would just leave him the hell alone and let him do his job in PEACE!! My God! I've never seen anything like this....all of the hate!  It needs to stop NOW!
Interesting that you would be 4 war will you go to the front lines ? Or send others in your place?
...and if you believe that, thank god you’re out #farce
The problem is when our democracy is bought & paid 4 in rubles & deposited in the bowels of Trump Tower theres not much we can do We can hold on to hope but like the old saying goes, you can hope in 1 hand & shit in the other, see which fills 1st. Sadly, 1 hand looks like #Trump
Not so sure we are still a shining city on the hill. We seem to be mostly a broken and weakened democracy that will collapse under the weight of extreme ignorance and corruption.
I'm sure on further reflection you see that Comey was right on June 8th, and will be right in Nov 2018 as well. Yes, there is much ignorance, and we are under attack from without and within yet we will prevail and democracy here will still be seen as that shining city on the hill
Dude. Are you high?

#PDJT wants the next election to be about overwhelming evidence!

#TheTrapsHaveBeenSet

…
and this...
If you’re Putin, today was a good day: @realDonaldTrump delays your sanctions (again) and @HouseGop (with help from your bots) get their brainwashing #TrumpRussiaConspiracy memo to the public.
#ThereAreLittleRussianThreatsInMySaltShaker
but the russian story was NOT true-all we Trump voters had to do was to watch what our govt was doing to us- (looked like govt forgot who they worked for)
You obviously don’t love America. Traitor
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Cyberwar a form of War? You are right, it isn't about Dems vs. Reps. It is about a cyber attack on the USA.
They cannot unite us when the POTUS is pronably involved with Putin and “respects” him. For real?
A poisoned Mississippi, dead Gulf, harm all parties. A forgotten pile of dioxin in Texas 'drink, and dross of nuclear piles, won't ask whose party or birth nation/parent a person had. It's ill Physics,Chemistry,Bio,Psych that crooks united in this century use, to abuse, same.

You shouldnt have colluded with russians to create that fake dossie then??
After today I have given up on Americans. I can’t understand how this is happening and even worse I am shitting my pants about what a trump putin world take over would look like. Being Canadian we are right in the middle
I love what Steven Siegal said about Russia & US - Jim, Please stop trying to instill fear on the weak minded There are many more of us that are #WOKE & more waking up every minute@POTUS
They've been coming after America since 1917 you finally help them
Why did you divide us then?
(9) Champagne flavored shit is still shit.
Here's the only Russian collusion
Judicial Watch released 78 pages of new Hillary Clinton docs from the State Dept containing emails that include even more classified info & that show Clinton had knowledge about the serious security problems w/ her unsecured non-State(dot)gov email system. http://jwatch.us/3Savgi 
Someone please tell that to Donald Trump!!
@realDonaldTrump Democrats and Putin use same tactics. "When he went to Youtube last month to call for Sunday's rallies, the video was temporarily blocked on account of featuring "improper hashtags," " #ReleaseTheMemo
James, worry about salvation. Where sin is Grace abounds but you know not to tempt the LORD GOD JESUS. Quit worrying about your false testimony, test in CHRIST. Please brother, rest in CHRIST.
It’s because the #GOP is just as GUILTY. Collusion.
And what did you do about it?
how dare you claim to love this Nation!  SHAME ON YOU
Russia has been a threat since I was a child. I call a certain President say "the 80s called they want their foreign policy back"
Why go after Hillary’s emails publicly  but not Trump Russia connection before the election? #DoubleStandards ?
“The 80s called and wants their foreign policy back.” - President Barrack Obama on Russia #tcot #tlot #maga
the ones that are coming after America is the hidden pedofile ring and the globalist and the fake media. the lies will be exposed.
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." –Mark Twain     #releasethememo
@POTUS why didn’t you inspect DNC Server? Best way to find hack? Let me guess you knew no hack& No Russians. FBI is Very thorough and check everything but not you?

Yes, the REAL Russian threat, like how they got HR Clinton and BH Obama to approve their purchase of 100% control of 20% of America's uranium deposits. Let's look into that, oh, wait, they are Democrats and the FBI doesn't investigate Democrats with Russian dealings...
The honorable people left in our justice system WILL take care of Russia....Americans are NOT buying your ridiculous Russia, Russia, Russia narrative...by the way, how in the world could you continue to think your dirty, crooked, disgraced opinion matters to ANYONE????
Your story changed now! There was never anything to base an investigation on!
Give he a break...
1. Russians gave been interfering since the 60s.
2. USA interferes in elections far more than any other country.

3. YOUR GOING TO JAIL.
Furthermore Mr. Comey,America needs Intelligence Agents such as YOU & others back on The Job. We All have a Duty to America & w/o a Real POTUS We are Nothing. It shows every second of each Day where America is headed & Sir, We will STOP them all! Hold Your Head High, Sir!
Really? Russia's just a jealous bully?  Come on, James, that was a dumb comment then & now: you know it's more than that. #GoodRiddance
You're a good man, James Comey. Thank you <3
look at all this crap! A country in a constant state of political back biting. I wish you would help more.
Why did you send the letter?
Tick Tock
#LockHimUp
Me (Feb 2, 2018)
You violated your #OathOfOffice
I KNOW you violated a Statute Or a dozen.
#GreatAwakening
We #StandUp
We Will STAND Until They Restore Our #USConstitutionalRights
Disappointed chief, one think taught in the agency is that we don't expose things that can hurt family (Wife and kids) and you broke that code in order to hurt the President. It is shameful that you come with that dirty trick. "Remember you weren't a saint". I feel Sorry for you.
Well said.

Says the person already Colluding with # WeKnow
Prayers for you
Andy McCabe
Director Wray 
FBI and Intelligence career servants for USOFALL 
SWAMPLAND conditions are TOXIC 
Bullying bosses are TOXIC 
To adult professionals
Prayers we Unite 
Russia  loses because 
GOD is here
not When YOU are using fake russian propaganda to a FISA court to spy on an AMERICAN CITIZEN

You are a disgrace to the FBI. America watched you Lie & Cover up for Hillary. Arrogant, Pompous, Leaker, Perjurer, that will be your legacy, Criminal Comey @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @dbongino @repubfan @EricTrump @POTUS
What’s dividing us, is the GOP not doing their job & calling out the POTUS on his lack of sanctions or inaction to defend our country. They are the majority! Country over party!
Any comment on reports that your former second in command, Andy has resigned, effective immediately in advance of the memo being released?
#McCabeResigns
Must be the insurance policy
Fighting everyday @ what seems to be a world if I'm sure wayyyy over half the ppl who are blindsided by lies and deceit n blame their problems on other ppl instead of pointing the finger at themselves would not make it one minute in a place where young grlz are pumped out from
Their own http://families.lol  sorry that was so long :$
It may be about abuse of the FISA process and a corrupt DOJ that influenced some bad decisions by the FBI.  Oh and Hillary was innocent of the actual crimes, which is false (attempted to be proven true only by a large amount of actual evidence).
Getting scared sir ! That paper coming out want be good for you sir
The threat is not Russia, is it internal characters like you that tried to subvert a duly elected president.

#ComeyShouldLaywerUp
we do not threat you
Republicans claim to love America, but their whole manifesto is self over community. They don't love the USA.
This bogus Russian investigation and the HRC email dismissal show your evil intent in your abuse of power! God will judge you. You will not escape justice because your crime were so grievous! You needed a moral compass but you had none! Hypocrite!
Not good enough. The Trump administration will only support investigations against Democrats. This whole thing about protecting America from a Russian threat makes no sense to Trump because Fox & Friends never talks about it.

NOW
You’re REALLY cookin’ 
WITH  GAS!!!
IT does
IT will
IT IS
THE GREAT I AM
Is in charge of our nation 
GOD bless YOU
Mr. Comey
OUR leaders are prayed for 
AS they serve 
No, the FBI has made America the black heart of corruption, secretly subverting candidacies it doesn't agree with....a silent dictator hiding under the guise of a security blanket. The FBI has wasted millions of dollars of taxpayer money trying to control the American ppl
????? SERIOUSLY WHO ARE YOU KIDDING @Comey  https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/2018-02-06%20CEG%20LG%20to%20DOJ%20FBI%20(Unclassified%20Steele%20Referral).pdf …

Comey stands for- Lying. leftist criminal who sold his country out for power. I pray you end up a broken down disgrace because what you have done is inexcusable. Hope it was worth it
Lol. Dont use Reagan lines you traitor
Feeling the heat Jim??? licking at your corrupt a$$!!!
Unfortunately,  #Republicans welcome  Putin with Open arms.  #Treason.
Except that the #Republican Dominated Congress continues to aid and embolden Trump in every #ObstructionOfJustice tactic including the forcing of #McCabe to step down. Next Trump will fire Rosenstein @Gop will not stop him then either cc: #Mueller @FBI
So yes, James #Russians are coming after America but #Trump with immense help from #Republican Party will help #Putin succeed. The true threat to America now is #PutinTrump and @Gop
“...and that shining city on the hill.” Did you forget the “flyover states”? That ‘shining city’ is absolutely NOTHING without the rest of us!
Mr. Comey,
I believe you.
Thank you,
Debra
YOU came after America.  YOU allowed unverified information, in a court of law, to obtain warrants to spy on Americans. We caught YOU and demand that you answer for your crimes.
What a mess....

You don't love America. You love power. And money.

The smart ones see right through your bullsh*t.
There is no #Russian threat!
Thank you. Oh Lordy I sure hope that #illegitimatepreztrump will be removed soon!
!!!!!! It’s not party lines, it’s about protecting America democracy!!!
Comey u have no shame.. dude u set out (and accomplished) to derail @HillaryClinton by reinvestigating some damn emails while silent on @realDonaldTrump & his Russia connection. So stop insulting us after helping to elect Trump! @brianefallon @JoyAnnReid
I can't believe a man at the head of the FBI would root for war to unite us instead of being an adult and knowing the Russians have done .01% to hurt our democracy than the DNC did in the primaries or any other country does any elect. Yr. Legacy ruined
Russia did unite us when the purchased our uranium to point nuclear weapons at us. They united many governmental offices under the Obama administration.
Hey James, you know who else is going after America's Democracy?
The American spirit is too strong for any one leader to break. Some have tried. Seduced by power. But they have always failed. This is the true genius of what our forefathers created. When we come out the other end, we are stronger. The next President will be a GREAT ONE!
Very well spoken
all of this might have been avoided if you hadn't brought up hilary's emails weeks before election day.
Unfortunately yr politicization of the FBI & a fraudulent Collusion narrative have caused this divide.
Try to convince the #magamorons
the russia threat involving steele and yourself?
