Indeed.
Get settled in for , what is it? About 6 1/2 more years

Trump uses up his campaign funds for legal fees...boo hoo
Hillary uses  humanitarian $ from Haiti to rig elections.....and still lose.
That, like the other swill is a lie .
The Clinton Foundation has an A1 rating
Leakin Lyin Comey!
Sigh. They were HIS written memos describing his conversations w/Trump. They were NOT classified. In fact, they're still not classified. One is "confidential", one "secret" & was done after the fact by FBI. Congress demanded to see those memos, and w/in 1/2 hr they were leaked.
So, pretend you're Comey, get called to the WH, new prez says very troubling stuff. As a professional, C goes back to his office & writes memo detailing convo. 1/
Well u just made the point that his memos were work related not a personal diary as he claims. Comey  admitted he told Trump first thing they had dossier. Sounds like a power play. Wanted 2 show trump who was boss! Comey is “lacking in candor”
He told him about the dossier bc it was his JOB to inform the preaident!
What she said. (Thanks for that). And the corrupt Trump automatically assumed what you said bc that is how he runs his life. Liars believe everyone lies. It was C's DUTY to advise him of this.

The citzens of America want Trump to RESIGN
You dont speak for everyone, sorry not this time
2/3 of us do!
That's sad, 2/3 of the country cant think for themselves
You are right, I don’t speak for the sheep. All they can say is MAGA



Keep going. You may not want an impeachment, but we do.
Please get off the stage. Your 15 mins have expired. We were hoping you would take a higher road.
Just started reading you book...I didn’t agree with everything you did BUT I never questioned your love of country..and your book so far is incredibly interesting
Yep I no matter the decisions I believe Mr. Comey loves our country and loves what the FBI stands for. I also believe Trump...loves himself. Only.
I agree
How did you leak fake classified memos?
Ha! Someone who noticed that! Trump can't on one hand say they are classified and on the other hand say they are phony. Mr. Comey memorialized his mtgs w/Trump after he became alarmed. They were NOT classified. They aren't now. Trump LIES abt this every day.
Trump does not lie Comey sold out his country to help Hillary win because he was going to get promoted and I can’t wait for the truth to come out on everything so all you Democratic’s can see how you have been screwed by the evil left and it’s all coming very soon

The Washington Compost? 
Who received a Pulitzer Prize for their reporting. Not that I think you know what that means.
Tick tock
Classic us and them divisive rubbish. Also trump is only semiliterate. There is no way he could or ever would write that.
You clearly are not watching or listening to yourself in these interviews.  Any lawyer worth his salt would tell you to shut your mouth and sit down.  Right now it is very apparent that you were either an incompetent dolt or you are complicit in the entire deal.
What a loss of memory when it’s convenient
Who killed Seth?
My God  man! You'really still lying! #MAGA #POTUS
Now if you could just tell the truth
He did. Read his book
His book is all fiction. He just needed the money so that’s why he wrote it. None of it’s true.
AMEN. I WOULDN'T READ IT IF IT WERE FREE.
That’s pathetic. You won’t even consider reading information that might not agree with your views? Really pathetic
I'm sure it's not because they didn't consider it. It's most likely because they couldn't actually read it. Words are hard.
That’s right when you can’t think of anything more intelligent to say just insult people. The fact is he dug himself a hole and now he’s going to be buried in it.
I wasn't insulting. Illiteracy is a real problem, but I'm sure Betsy Devos, with all her immense experience, will be able to help our schools combat this problem.
Jim, you don't know me & I may not really know you deep inside but you've shown many solid attributes (honesty, consistency, stability, professionalism) since your firing by a fake President. I'm a big @HillaryClinton fan & can still feel that punch but I see a good career man.
Agreed. Comey’s cream of the crop of our justice system. Horrified how Trump has destroyed Comey’s, Mc Cabe and the FBI’s reputation.
I sure hope karma comes into play soon.
I have a strong feeling that it will Mona, we have to remain hopeful. Our time comes in Nov, let Trump keep doing things like calling into Fox & Friends & karma will be delivered!! #TheResistance
Thank you for weathering the storm. America needs you
Yes.  We need you to stand up for what you believe in.
Yes, the vital role of the press to help you promote ur book & increase ur profits. You leaking & trying to rationalize it to Anderson Cooper doesn't show you as being  open-minded yet more as being devious. Your book tour is all about you & ur higher loyalty to yourself.
Jim, I watched the CNN townhall and was moved by your humbleness and commitment to the truth.  I felt like I was one of your future students as I learned so much about the judicial system, leadership qualities and how to stand firm on your convictions.  Thx for your service.
I’ve enjoyed the book Jim.  I was one of those folks who were pretty peeved at you in late October 2016.  But I have a better understanding of the dilemma you faced.  Book was very well done.
@Comey is my homie!
Obviously ...the Dotard is  trying to eliminate the free press ...but he doesn't get to that. Thanks @Comey .
#ComeyTheLyingLeaker
Nope, none of what you said is true.
#ComeyTheLyingLeaker
#bullshit #RussianBot
You didn’t look grateful when @LauraLoomer was asking you tough questions. You looked uncomfortable...
And this means.......? What to you? You don't know him well enough to know what he was thinking that might have caused him to look "uncomfortable" to you. You have no validity in your statement.
Neither do you. Are you so well acquainted that you can say he didn’t? Or that he’s telling the truth and isn’t a traitor that’s only interested in himself?
Why are u not asking those questions  when it comes to Trump ?
Great answer!
James @Comey doesn't seem to realize the "I" in FBI is for Investigation. #DirtyCop
Hmm, I'm curious to find out how the former FBI Director doesn't know that. And exactly what is it that you think makes him a "dirty cop"?
Welcome back from your coma. You certainly have a lot of catching up to do!
You read that so wrong... He's asking a question in a manner that means "how do you know he doesn't know what the I means" and "what makes you think that he's a bad cop..."
You left-wingdings have no sense of humor. That's why no one likes you.
Your book is inspiring
Recollect this 
Totally.....
Covering for the #ClintonCrimeFamily has been your life’s work. Now own it.
Perhaps you should have used your law degree to study the internals of polls. Then you may have made better choices when it came to your blinding alliance to the Clintons. #ShellGame
You do realize we all know you’re a liar and a leaker. And your books are already in the discount bins. How’s that making you feel knowing that your upfront payment will be seized per #EO 12/21/17.
I wouldn’t worry so much about what comey says or doesn’t say. McCabe will sing like a canary. He’s first in line.Then there’s Page & Strozk texts which speaks volumes of the serious crimes both committed & discussed. So you see James it really doesn’t matter one bit. Cheers!
I loved it when Comey told Bret he could not remember who gave him the Dossier!! Lol! Right!
Thank u for your integrity and service to our country.
How about you answer them UNDER OATH!
He already did. #PayAttention
Trump's lawyers - even the fake ones on Twitter - aren't the brightest people.
He also lied under oath, which is a felony.
You must be referring to Diamond & Silk.

I see intelligence does not run in your family.
You must be looking in the mirror, or blind. Bless your heart.

Is this true?
You told @BretBaier your "friend" left the FBI 3 months before you gave him the memos...So you gave a private citizen classified memos? Also, You testified under oath to Congress "I do not believe Flynn intentionally lied"...today you told Bret you never said that. It's on video
Loved the interview and I am enjoying your book. Thank you for your service sir. You are a role model for all americans.
If only you were respectful of the protocol of the #FBI  @HillaryClinton  would be President.
It was so nice watching someone who can actually speak in full sentences. Instead of... *waves in general direction of this morning's Fox trainwreck*.
omg though, that was SOOOOO entertaining. You have to admit his nonsensical stream of bile this morning was just awesome!
Especially the self incrimination. Avenatti and Daniels must be laughing hysterically.
Avenatti already tweeted his thanks to trump for helping their case. The tweet is hilarious
He's the troll we need in these dark times.
You deserve this time, Director Comey. I read the book and thoroughly enjoyed it. Thank you for the incredible job you did for us during your tenure. Godspeed, Sir.
So you like fairytales?
So you've been duped, huh?
oh honey - I haven't been duped by anyone or anything - I just don't enjoy books written by corrupt liars - I suppose you REALLY enjoyed Hillary's new book too didn't you?
Benghazi investigation lasted 2 years;she testified for 11 hours---exonerated. The e-mail server issue lasted over a year---exonerated. Comey/Mueller took down 2 mafia families, ENRON and many terrorists. Trump is a sexual predator & a crook. Fact check & learn before commenting.
I think you should take your own advice -
I offer facts. You offer Fox News Talking points.
i didn't offer you anything - so no you don't offer facts - you offer assumptions.  Comey IS a liar - he says he isn't a leaker - but he gave classified information to his 'friend' x 3 for the sole purpose of leaking it to the media - only time will tell -
Thank you, Director Comey. It's been a pleasure hearing the words of a leader with such incredible moral integrity.
on chap 4 of ur book & I’m enthralled at your character, career & steadfast honesty. While I’ll remain 2 hold a grudge  on what I believe was a big reason T is in office, I’m a huge fan of yours & I understand your decisions. T needs to pay 4 destroying the reputation of the FBI.
The last two weeks are a constant reminder that you are nothing but a traitor...
Please tell me why you think this?
Because he is sitting at home watching fauxnews 24/7
Thank you for sharing your insights in your book and in your interviews.  During the election, I felt disillusioned about how things unfolded. I feel like I now have greater understanding and faith in the rule of law.
Wait 2 more weeks...
Oh yes. I’m sure Barbara Jones will have sorted a few things by then. 
You’re missing the point.
I was discussing a Comey. Not trump/Clinton/obama/Cohen.

Comey. What is Huber investigating?
Aside from Sessions being in a precarious position and wanting another set of eyes on things, I can’t possibly know. The issues surrounding Comey/Mueller resulting in the referral/raid of Cohen are all very obviously interconnected via Trump and/or his campaign.
Nothing is obvious. It may APPEAR obvious, by design. 

Manafort is not a friend to Trump. Manafort is friends with Tony Podesta, Deripaska (mccain’s 70th birthday), and another Russian oligarch. 
Of course I’m not certain. But Mueller knows; and Trump is furious at Manafort.
Look up conundrum.  You're in one.
No, that was what he was in. Sometimes, depending on the level you're at in your life, you're presented with an actual conundrum. He made a mistake, he has told us that & apologized. Your president lies every single day, blames everyone else & refuses to take responsibility.
Sure, and i am sure u believed Comey when he said he could not remember who gave him the Dossier! 
John McCain, maybe.
Every citizen has a vital role to read, engage, and know what's going on.  American democracy is Citizenship at the graduate level and is a lifelong learning experience.
You just lost your endorsement from the Ministry of Truth...
hahaha. Like you're the head of that and know more than anyone else. Yeah, right!
Im not sure what that means lol
It means she indoctrinated by the Clinton Foundation...
No, it means she's never read 1984, that's all..
Director Comey, I read your book in one day yesterday before your town hall last night on CNN.  First off your book was written with sincerity and truth in my opinion.  I feel I understand you more.  And your town hall was very revealing.  Stay strong!
You’re being duped.....plain and simple. Comey’s got a card up his sleeve that will hurt Obama or Hillary, so he thinks he’s insulated from prosecution.
Why don’t you read his book if you can. Hopefully the big words won’t throw you off. I choose to remain objective until the special counsel finishes his investigation. Being an ex Republican I like many others prefer truth over bluster.
You'll be having some more respectful conversations in court Lord Baelish
Hasn't been charged, won't be. It is not illegal to go to someone with memos you wrote yourself memorializing conversations you had with a prez who scared you w/his comments. He was seeking other opinions. Not illegal. Congress demanded the memos, leaked them in 1/2 hr.
His leaking is the least of his problems.
I love that you're still bitter and full of rage that you were fired. It's even better because you think Hillary would have kept you. You have no idea what's coming.
Nothing's coming. You can't get charged for leaking info not classified Derp.
Of course you can. If you get a clearance you sign a form when you get your first in-brief that plainly states the markings are not what makes a document classified. The content is what is classified. Everyone with a clearance should know that. Distributing classified is a crime
Not just content. Some docs, ones created on classified machines, are 'born classified' because they originate on classified machines. Comeys laptop was a TS machine. He typed the memos on that laptop. Born classified.
Yep, if you run a blank piece of paper through a printer cleared for "Secret", that blank piece of paper is now "Secret". People who have never worked in that setting have no idea because it seems silly at first. After you work in a SCIF, it makes perfect sense.
This assertion of mine has been challenged. I will research the specific regs at work. No time right now but I'll try to find the government's own law (and policies) tonight and post as soon as I can. If this is wrong I'll own it.
Here are some references to handling classified information and documents. 
46 CFR 503.59 - Safeguarding classified information.
More from the National Archives regarding "Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO) > ISOO FAQs > Frequently Asked Questions on Identifying and handling Classified Records in Private Papers"
Speaking of narcissists who can stop incriminating themselves on TV, did you see Fox & Friends this morning?
Learn English and get your IQ higher than that of a potato and we'll talk 
I need to talk with my General Council.
SAVE US, MUELLER!  HELP US!
"Overeducated libertarian-leaning pragmatic conservative. Politically incorrect. Fact: the USA is unequivocally the greatest country in history." That would work for my profile description as well. I didn't vote for either Clinton or Trump. Try again.
Your handle says everything about your intellect. "Overeducated" does not apply to you, no matter what you say.

Also, you can't spell "can't."

No one cares what you think, we're just laughing at you.

Not forever.


Director Comey, full disclosure, I am a Democrat. That said, your book is great and I am proud of everything you have done. Thank you for serving we the people for all those years. Bless you.
I am reading your book, Mr Comey....finding it interesting and enlightening
I have read this book cover to cover twice... A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership: James Comey @Comey @Flatironbooks
It’s a great book.  I found it compelling.  Also enjoyed listened to Comey read it.
*listening
You go, Mr. James Comey. Loved your book!
I really respect you.
Kind of makes you wish the Legislative branch would do their damn job too.
Your book is terrific. Too bad Trump supporters can’t read

Your book this far is fantastic...I was in tears when I read about your mom keeping your apology note. You kept your promise.
I meant thus far...grrr

Love your book and Thank You for your Service to this Great Country. Be a strong and LAUGH.
Long live the 1rst amendment Mr. Comey.  Maybe we should focus our efforts on our youth to understand how important that is in these times? 
You are the leaker!
I've been watching you handle yourself like a professional while Trump has been squealing like a pig...  Good thing you can reverse everything after he's in jail..
You are a flawed hero, which is the only kind. Thank you for your move. He’s squealing now. Lol. Checkmate. #resist #remove #peace
Looking forward to this
Go to Jail, do not pass Go, do not collect $200
Hey Comey,

Your attempted coup failed.  Now you will pay the consequences.

#GreatAwakenening  #Qanon 

http://Qanon.pub 
I hope you consider running for President.  While I refuse to vote for any GOP candidate - because of their actions n inactions n corruption .... I would consider u as a serious candidate!
@Comey I just watched the CNN Town Hall with James Comey. I was impressed, it’s refreshing to hear eloquent public speaking again! Read his book or listen to his audiobook; and you will have a much better understanding of who he is and always has been.
@Comey Per Dir. Comey, “WE NEED TO REMEMBER OUR VALUES, ABOVE ALL THINGS. THAT IS WHAT MAKES US GREAT”. 
I have so much respect with this man! 
How about this Comey.  You handed trump the White House.  Stew on that

Aww Shannon, I think u left the bleach on way to long! . Wow
I look forward to your first interview behind bars.
Did you discuss how it is that your brother is the Clinton Foundation attorney? I think America would really like to know more about this tangled web your family has weaved with the Clintons. I know I do. Please do tell James.
Here's a tough question; How long is a piece of string?
Half as long as twice its length
Winner! Now, which is faster, Seattle or by bus?
Seattle, buses can't carry American footballs.
100K bonus points! Level up!
We are with you
Please go on @PodSaveAmerica
Wow, you really are Stupid! #GreatAwakening  #QAnon @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
I just got finished watching your interview with Bret Baier, if you watch Fox News, they make it sound like you got beat up. However, I beg to differ. The truth is undefeated. I've always said, James Comey maybe a lot of things, but a liar is not one of them, and you proved it.
WTF @Comey so every FBI (Top Officals Only) keeps a diary? Comey aka leaker you leaked while still at the FBI! #LockHimUp We the ppl demand it
Sir, I'm Crow. I'm the best at what I do. I excell in intelligence and counter intelligence. I noticed you before you lost your job and actually commented about it before government had a clue. However I think you deserve a second chance. I think they did you dirty so to speak.
Reading your book now  - great book. Appreciate your honesty.
Loved the interviews on @CNN Town Hall with @AC360 and the one with Stephen Colbert @StephenAtHome
Not fake notes. His job was to take notes . He was trained to do this. He’s honest. He sadly proved that by coming out with Hillary e-mails. What to know who’s corrupt.

Sharon removed her comment like a good little lying liberal!!
Hallarious, I didn't realize you were taking up being a comedian for your new career Comey 
I still don't think you've adequately explained yourself.  You insist on using the words "to speak or to conceal" when discussing your decision "to expose" the Clinton investigation while you chose to follow policy and keep Trump-Russia concealed. You didn't "speak" you "exposed"
And some of those interviewers/questions were tough. I believe you were open, honest and demonstrated classy grace under pressure!
You are still my Hero! @Comey
Jim, @JudgeJeanine EXPOSED you on her show as the Lyin’ Leaker that you are...I hope you make a ton of money on your book of lies so you’ll be able to pay your lawyers to try and keep you out of prison... You THINK you’re above the law, but you’re not! #Comey #Leaker #Felony
I think you embarrassed yourself and FBI  #LawyerUp
You are a sick man James Comey! The last two weeks have only solidified your termination @FBI  and shown us why @FBI  Director you should have been fired on January 20th 2017!
@@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
Thank you for standing up for the truth and the letter of the law. Love your book.
The sources said the report from the DOJ’s inspector general in recent weeks reveals McCabe and Comey broke the law, and officials are closer than ever before to charging them.
Sorry Mr Comey. We’re here because of you. 

If you’re not helping fix this mess, please just be quiet.
It remains beyond me how any member of law enforcement sworn to uphold the law,  could in any way support a known mafia goon & con artist like Donald Trump.
Loving your story, via your book! Great read and proud of you!
My appreciation for following back. Thanks. #Onwardtogether.
Play some B ball and clear ur head,?? 
Those of us who have served know exactly the US Code Hillary violated that requires no intent. But you chose to use the words extremely careless instead of negligent because anyone in law enforcement knows the legal vernacular of these 2 words. You aren’t fooling the real police.
James Comey , LLM.   Lyin, Leakin Machiavelli. Defines the terms “self absorbed”. Has personally set the reputation of the FBI back 60 years.
You should do the Pod Save America podcast
Liar. You knew damn well the DNC paid for it. You’re a weasel.
#Comeytheclown #OBAMAGATE #FBICorruption
Thank you for respectfully answering.
Thank you Mr Comey for writing such a fantastic book and sharing your stories about ethical leaders all the way back from your childhood on. I really enjoyed it and had a hard job putting it down. It is NOT a hit job on Trump as some say, it is YOUR story of your life in justice.
You are delusional. Seriously
Because I know you never forget how to be a leader I have a question. What do you feel is the hardest thing about your old job?  I was once promoted by mattis in Iraq for finding a leak in a line of information that shouldn't of existed. Now I'm trying to get in intelligence.
If you knew the dossier was fake the first time you meet @realDonaldTrump why didn't you just say that? 
Instead you let the country get ripped into turmoil! 
Mr.Comey you said you knew about dossier & knew it was fake!
You are not a hero!
You, Brennan, and Clapper are all traitors who should spend the rest of your lives in prison, or worse, for this half-baked coup attempt against a lawfully elected POTUS.
You’re a dirty cop, a liar and leaker. In addition to heading a Cabal to undermine Trump as a candidate then overthrow him as President.
http://brendanbuschi.blogspot.com/2018/04/what-russians-durante-costello-nunes.html …


I admire that you take ownership for your role in the HRC issue.  I wonder why more people aren’t equally as upset by the republican who leaked that info just before the election?
God bless the press!!
Really enjoyed listening & watching  Comey live He  was clear, concise & methodically laid out the facts. He told the truth & he didn’t yell or call anybody a liar or fake news. He’s a decent man & we can believe what he told us So thanks Mr Comey!
I look forward to the grilling you’ll be getting very soon both in a court room and before Congress, you traitor.
James Comey it is obvious you have nothing to hide. 
You aren't afraid of @FoxNews, where as tRump is most certainly afraid of @CNN and @NBCNews
I think politics is calling you. 
#Comey2020
And you gave dishonest answers. You should be ashamed of your self and how you conducted your self in the FBI.  You’ll always be remember as corrupt.
Mr. Comey are you a fake director or honourable man?? Start telling the truth and take responsibility. Have you read the IG report on McCabe and the text messages from Strzok and Page??  How did this happen under your leadership? What more will get revealed by the IG?? Shameful.
What can possibly be done about the imbecile in the White House? I'm frightened of what he may do and it's not fair that we must be embarrassed in front of the rest of the world. He's obviously a criminal, can he not be deposed somehow?
Thank you sir for being a republican who believes what he sees and not what he is told by this Administration! I think you, and America should thank you! People like you may just save the Republic for Democrats, Republicans and all those in between.
We recognise more soldiers on the battlefield (James & Patrice). Grateful to recognise words of truth & honesty flowing so easily from you. Its like beautiful music to our ears and a sunset to our eyes to see words backed up with actions. May the Peace of Holy God be with u both
It’s become very clear now that #ETTD
To the rest of America, the last 2 weeks were a reminder of a corrupt leftist propaganda machine disguised as "media" will stop at nothing to promote the leftist crime syndicate: Comey, Mueller, Clintons, McCabe, and the rest. Mr. Comey, you are an ethical midget.
I'm 90% of the way complete with your book. I found jems of leadership within. Thank you for writing this book. It's the first I've read all year.
Thank you for putting our core  values ahead of partisan politics. Thinking otherwise is ignoring the fact that you have been accused of both hurting Clinton's chances and conspiring to take down Trump. Tells me you don't play politics.
WILL YOU PLEASE GO AWAY! SANCTIMONIOUS A$$!
Wondering why you dodged so many of those 'good and tough questions' from @BretBaier??

You looked and acted like a sneaky weasel

Didn't work cauz we saw right thru you BS..Leaker

#WeAllKnow
Has Brett Bauer ever asked those questions of Trump, Nunes, Pruitt, Zinke, Carson, Bannon, Miller, Conway, etc.? Wonder how they’d look to you?
"Comey leaked classified information and nothing is being done by the Justice Department. Why?”

- Ronald L. Daigle Jr., an attorney for Kristian Saucier
Thank you for not giving up on finding the truth
Wow. I think u heard  what u wanted to hear tawney...thats called selective hearing! Tawney, remember, Trump loves all of u dumb ppl! Xoxo 
Enjoying your book!
So good to see a smile on your face.
Mr. Comey, thank you for your work and ethical and honorable efforts in fighting for our democracy! True patriot and hero!!
I think that you want so much to be not guilty that you're trying to rationalize your missteps that ultimately led to your misdeeds, but in the end, there has to be accountability.
He said he did so with the explicit hope of prompting the appointment of a special counsel to investigate Russian election interference. The American Taxpayers would like our money back!
Hey nala, speak for yourself bitch. I think u left the bleach on too long! #MuellerTime #TrumpIsFullOfShit. #TrumpIsGoingToPrison 
His first three interviews,  they were throwing softballs at him so it was more like a sit-down for tea until Bret Baier. Yeah after after that interview I highly doubt Comey wants  more!
Really? We’re they like the love-fests thrown by Fox & Friends for DJT? I can see how you would find that troubling.
It's called respect for our President, you should try it sometime.
Looking forward to you going to prison too.
Keep it going Mr. Comey
Lier p.o.s.
Trump is on the campaign trail calling you names, saying you did this, you did that.  Why don’t you sue him for defamation?
Comey a threat to law and order, equal justice,  yet you jailed a submarine soldier but not killary
Lying  Comey
Trust me, you will get some tough questions in the future.  I’m not sure your attorneys will let you answer them though.  Kinda funny.  I guess the DOJ will be able to try you a second time like y’all do cops under US 1984 if they don’t get a conviction on the first go around.
the last few weeks were a reminder that @TheDemocrats owned media will do and say anything to push their agenda ..including hosting a corrupt ex #FBI chief
Look forward to prison
Why didn’t u come out day after Weiner laptop revelation to say no new emails yet? Rs said must be something there and u remained silent.
The investigation on Hillary was put on hold in April 2016??? Hmmm. Contradicts your statements Comey!
Lol.  This is poorly typed.  Did u or faux news or RT or some other idiot type this. Omg.   nice try KandASS
The only tough questions you got were from Fox's Bret Bair and you choked. You couldn't come up with the lies fast enough. You are a TOTAL disgrace.
Grateful for people like you with a strong enough moral compass that you can tolerate thought provoking questions and respectful disagreement. How refreshing!
Please keep talking and digging your hole deeper. The thing about lies is that the more u repeat them the harder it is to keep them straight. U didnt know who founded the dossier but yet took it to the FISA court to spy on a American citizen.
You're going to jail or you should be you are a disgrace to the law enforcement agency it's reasons like this there's a blatant excuse of why officers around the world are shooting black people
Speaking of the work of the press, as someone fascinated by this entire story, if I could ask you one question: are the feds aware of citizen press/investigators like @SethAbramson and their work?  Do people from your side keep up with people like Seth?
Nothing would thrill me more then to here your thoughts on things like this:
(THREAD) There are bombshell revelations deeply damaging to Trump in the just-released HPSCI report written by Trump's allies and agents in the House. This thread discusses them via a deep dive into the timeli…
I’m think I’m just simply curious from a standpoint of does @FBI look to the public, and not just communication directly communicated to them, for credible leads and directions to follow?
Hey Jimmy, as the top LEO in the country before you were fired I find it very interesting how you never Tweet about the war on Police that wasn’t there before Obama but after 8 years the assault on LEO’S have quadrupled. Silence says it all. 
You have no INTEGRITY!
Thank you for reminding us that Trump’s tweets calling for jail is NOT normal.
Funny how history repeats
B
What no I meant be you in guess
I
It’s obvious now why you were fired @Comey between Hillary and trump you found no criminal activity after years of endless resources.  Lol.  I bet You couldn’t find diamonds in a jewelry shop!
#ComeyStrong
Secondly, you are a star! Thank you for your honesty & character 
The press? Really? Do honestly think the American people trust the "Press" that for decades the Government has payed BILLIONS to? We do not have a free press. We have independent reporters most sane people get their news from.
  The "Press" is as crooked and corrupt as YOU, Jimbo
I have the new book I haven’t gotten too far into it but I’m finding it fascinating and educational
Friends Comey Friends


Comey, I’m embarrassed for you and your brain dead followers.   Dispicable
Speaking of the vital role of the press, would you unveil How you & Clapper “as news hook” ers, actually gave CNN snd other news outlets all the information in the fake Dossier when you intentionally failed to give same info to president? Would you call this a weaselly action?
Rest in piss.
Dude, you totally bombed the @andersoncooper interview.  Double talk much.  Define leaking...  What a joke you are and an embarrassment to the office you once held.
I hope you look forward with the same enthusiasm to the questions of a cross examination!
You are the down fall of trust in the FBI. You alone destroyed all trust we had. Shame on you.
I hope you go to prison. I am sure you will fit right in.
Go on @PreetBharara podcast and @PodSaveAmerica please!
Get ur affairs  in order Mr Comey, it’s just a matter of time before your thrown in a cell block and have the bars slam shut ! Your a disgrace to the good men and women at the FBI!! Power is rented !! You have been evicted !!
Slimey Jim! How stupid do you think we are. Such a great manager that he knows nothing about a critical investigation? Most tortured performance ever.
Go on @PodSaveAmerica they are great about giving a platform and asking tough but fair questions
You don't mind the questions because you lie anyway. You are an embarrassment to this country.
Yes someone needs to route out your wrongdoing.
Head of the FBI became an attention whore! How low can you go?
You should really try to remember what you've said to the reporters. Maybe write a memo or something. This way you won't tell different versions of you story to different t reporters. Your recollection keeps evolving. seems weaslish if you ask me!
Do you thing Russian are control are ways of communicating and false idea or news
Even the libs like A.C. Are turning against you..They know you are a wannabe #Traitor.
Lying is such a habit with you, you're now lying about the carefully screened questions you consented to answer.
Great Job answering the tough questions Mr. Comey. 

Never knew much about you other than you the Director of FBI.  Out of curiosity research you. Wow career honorable spotless respected by right and left. Now a liar hated by republicans & ur a Republican  vile things now said. Can't wait read ur book. Respect u highly.
