
No We Don't!!! We want Comey Arrested,Hillary Clinton and Obama,along with many others in the FBI
Why don’t you try watching something other than #FauxNews Or Trump TV for one week. I dare you to watch @msnbc - just one week for 2 hours a day.
So you have no issue whatsoever in what was revealed in #TheMemo? Do you seriously condone the actions reported? This does not concern you at all? Did you even read it or did you just hear MSNBC say it was a nothingburger and accepted that as fact?
I have issues with Nunes sharing classified intel with the subject of the investigation hes supposed to be leading the investigation of.  Russia hacked our elections and your more worries about how the FBI was able to obtain a warrant.  Makes little sense
Bullshit, you don't have issues with sharing classified info or you would be pissed about hillary using a private server for emailing classified info. You Hate Trump and nothing more. That is all it is about to you.
Trump and co are under investigation... an oversight committee isn’t supposed to be running over and sharing intel with the subject of the investigation.  That’s obstructing Justice.  Not a bad a choice of an email server
And, be proud to do so.
Beautiful! Thank you for your service!
Well you’re the only one who is proud of you wearing those! If you had any sense you’d be ashamed of yourself! Didn’t the Jesuits teach you any sense of shame or conscience? 
Obviously you weren’t taught by Jesuits... how is the Nunes defense of Carter Page, advisor to the Kremlin going for you MAGAts?
Why do you hate America?
Love America...
Hate traitors.  Not too fond of Russia or their “useful fools”.
It’s really sad, all the evidence against the DNC/FBI/Deepstate, with all the anger and hate at 𝐓𝐫𝐮𝐦𝐩 in the media, the same media that has help create a status quo of fear, and you still can’t see the truth.
Oh, I see it... looks like the Kremlin..  come on... you guys tried Pizza Gate... this is as ridiculous.  Even Trey Gowdy admits it.

Jim you could do great service to the nation still bringing the FBI to the American people in interviews and maybe books even. I hope you will.  Americans have some views about the FBI they have been misled to believe that I hope this current crisis and people like you clear up.
Thank you for your service, sir 
You a crooked cop Comey

Nyet
Just a friendly reminder, the people who are now disrespecting law enforcement overtly, are the same people who are criticizing others for peacefully protesting law enforcement by kneeling for the Anthem.
Dirty cops are not law enforcement. They are criminals. They must be removed from the agency so the real agents can do their jobs. Why don’t you care about your constitutional rights?
Maybe because they don't have any rights. Maybe THEY are the Russian bots that they scream about  lol because AMERICANS can not be this damn stupid. God help them see the light. Smh.. 
This is what happened when we gave the federal government control of our education system and bowed down to pc pressure and allowed the government to grow out of control.
They won't prevail. The cats out of the bag. And we are Americans we take care of our own. No matter how flipping stupid they are. They just need to shut up amd keep their hands and feet inside the car at all times  we got this!
Agreed. The dam has broken. We WILL take it ALL back. For, By, and Of THE PEOPLE.
That's correct. We are the biggest threat and we are wide awake. I am so proud to see how strong we all are. Even with are special ed countrymen, we are powerful and united. The party is over for the corrupt and our time has officially begun.
I couldn’t agree more. There are some that are beyond hope, but most left leaning are still rational and see the corruption. You can’t NOT see it if you have any intellectual integrity.
Ahh the taunting you have never had so much attention ! You wil get a lot of attention in jail bless your little butt
WTF is wrong with you ??

Bots and trolls.  Block ‘em!


BUT! The FBI doesn't  want you to be linked to them anymore! You are a criminal and a disgrace!!
Nope you are unauthorized to wear those cuff links now you are no longer official in the job. Just give to back to a proud righteous officer
You my friend are a stunner! #IntelligenceIsHot
Proud of your courage, integrity and resolve.
You’ll be wearing hand cuffs as cuff links soon.

Did your daughter get a hold of your twitter account?
I have some FBI pyjamas I like to go under cover!
Wear them proudly as you served with distinction .  And they are beautiful!
Americans are proud of the FBI.  We are not proud of leakers who concocted an investigation into our president and his family.
This is the tweet of a high school girl 
I think Federal Prison shackles would be more appropriate.
Have you had a breakdown?


You ROCK! Thank you for your service!
Was “Howdy Doody” there?
You should be ashamed to wear them.  I’m sure many of the rank & file agents abhor your name.  #MAGA


Nobody cares about you Comey. All we care about is you going to prison
They only give you so many pairs.


Patriot.
Hardly!
Crime Monitor...
Carter Page. Not a member of the Trump campaign when you signed FISA warrant to spy on him. You can polish your cufflinks in Gitmo.
...he went to Russia, and ANYONE who visits an adversary is worthy of surveillance...I had a froend who went to pick up a Russian wife who was surveilled for a time...It goss hand in hand...
But if he's not part of Trump transition team, why use him to spy on them? Did the FBI inform the FISC that he no longer had any association with the Trump campaign?
...they were already surveilling Page before he joined Trumps team...Page brought trouble to campaign...
That doesn't justify spying on a presidential candidate or a standing President.
...actually, it does when individuals do things that suggest criminal intent...
I wouldn't go as far as calling the Demoralcrat party all communists, just anti-american.not just criminal..... Treasonous.
On Comey, Hillary and the DNC
You don't deserve to wear those cufflinks!  I can think of a whole different kind of cuffs you should be in!!!
No he does not!!

Flynn already has his and he’s singing like a canary
Really? Is Flynn in custody, much less in cuffs?
I attended the FBI Citizens Academy in KC Spring 2015! I have the greatest respect for EVERYONE at the FBI. Thank you for your service Sir 
Happy to hear you support even those who leak classified information!  smh
Including GOP traitors who stir and leak and betray the constitution?
You must be talking about McCain
To me, McCain is public enemy of the state #1
Those roids might be damaging you brain, and I'll give you a pass because of that possibility. @SenJohnMcCain is an American hero.
The roids could be a helpful to old angry hens .#MAGA
You misspelled handcuffs
No he had it right , trumps baby hands take cufflinks

I'm surprised Trump didn't try to make you give those cufflinks back!

Mr Comey thank you for helping to keep AMERICA safe. The FBI has stood the test of time. Thank you to the hart and soul of America’s Law Enforcement! GOD BLESS.
Wake up dude, LOL
Let’s just lock this guy up already.
Absolutely!! Quit wasting Taxpayer $$
Then, Tell your guy to stop golfing if you want to stop wasting taxpayer’s dollars. The critical thinking boggles my mind.
Gawd. AGAIN??? I got sick of hearing about all of Obama's golf trips too. GTFOI
I think REAL FACTS will show that your guy holds the record and has already outspent 8 yrs of #44. I don’t begrudge one who holds the most powerful position in the world a way to decompress. But your guy ain’t worked that hard.
He's worked a LOT harder than Obummer EVER did, unless u count all of the EVIL acts perpetrated by Obummer & his cronies to DESTROY this country!
Delusional. But, I get it. You appear to be a diehard immune to the truth. Have fun wallowing in ignorance. It’s a free country—at least for now.
It's a FREE country bc we made sure HiLIARy didn't win! Otherwise she would have sold it off piece by piece to highest bidders! It's ok that ur in denial since sheep are blind followers of their leaders, even when led over a cliff! As 4 ignorance, I don't get info from FAKE NEWS!

Fake photo… Trump's hands are too big.
Did I get this wrong?
Everyone in Trump campaign even @jeffsessions didn't know to pick up the phone and tell FBI Russians are trying to talk to the campaign but instead it was great they loved it now FBI is corrupt by investing the…
Yeah you have it wrong. Russia is a made up boogie man as it pertains to Trump and the election. No coordination between the two and he won fair and square. Butt hurt libs made up the collusion
Oh neato...and did you wear your secret decoder ring too asswipe?
The question is were the cufflinks proud to be worn by YOU? I doubt it.
U should hand in those cufflinks commie pos
Ya that's about all u earned. What a joke since when does the top.cop spend his days making sure crooks go free? Fu

The American People have lost faith in the FBI. 

McCabe, Strzok, and Page have brought shame to the Bureau.
COMEY who is shameless.
Yuck you're a disgrace to the FBI
A disenfranchised leaker of the @FBI still trying to associatehimself with the FBI. The World’s gone crazy and people are actually following this disgraced FBI employee
These would look better on you…
Are those used for Sedition
Dude! It’s time to get down off that high chair you’ve been so used to. At least HALF of the citizens in the U.S. find you to be the one who DESTROYED the FBI’s image.       What you had just wasn’t enough! Baby Comey wanted MORE! See a Priest and try to be truthful.
BS!
Except you threw the election in an unethical manner
Do they make Seditionist cufflinks now?

#RecallPelosi!
#RecallBrown!
#Harrington2024
why  you look like a fool now.
Some reason I don’t think it’s going to be able to dig him self out of the pile of shit he created ?
You're a loser.
Hope you wore these. You can't afford any more leaks.
So were you at the FBI stupid or corrupt? Why were reporters at the Washington Post aware that the Dems funded the Steele dossier when you missed that?
Even if Steele and DNC opposition research are biased.  Facts are facts.

You should have been stripped of them!  You disgraced the office!
Did you wear your pink dress??  Baahaa
You forgot hand.
NOT #DESERVED U LET ALL OF AMERICA DOWN! Now we ALL see HOW & WHY u had UR job. #Clinton & #OBAMA kept no tabs on u & u did what YOU wanted.  NOT what AMERICANS #DESERVED! U NEED 2 give them back 2 the GOOD MEN/WOMEN OF THE REAL FBI! UR Loyalty was ALL U cared about 2 urself!
https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/885184428367990784 …
Vid 
Russian lawyer sent to don jr meeting by hillary&obama is same  fusion gps group that made fake hooker pee report used to frame trump while cnn/msnbc pushed it as real=almost 2yrs
THAT IS PROOF HILL/OBAMA WORKED WITH RUSSIANS TO CHANGE 2016 ELECTION
Was meeting with @DonaldJTrumpJr set up as way to wire tap Trump tower? This could be HUGE break in Obama spying story! 
You will probly have cuffs soo enough...you tried hard to frame new usa president & change 2016election by leaking classified info...usa will not forget..fbi is totally corrupt

From across the Globe I'm looking forward to your book Sir 
It's being used as toilet paper here in the majority of restrooms across the country.
So says a Republican I'm guessing, your opinion doesnt interest me 
I’m not on twitter to be mean, I’m on twitter for honest, intelligent debate. Jim, you are as tone deaf as Hillary Clinton. What don’t you understand about “ you betrayed the American People “ “ you also betrayed the FBI “ when you said “ I leaked my own memos. You’re disgraced
Swap out those cuff links for hand cuffs you CUCK
#ComeySlimeBall 
#ComeyforPrison
Not for long
So many investigations involving you.
Shameful that you had them.
Found these on ebay for $8.00. They would make good awards for dishonesty.
I’m pretty sure you will be wearing some other “fbi cuff links” before too long as well. Lmao
Should be wearing handcuffs dilly dilly
You're just the kind of law-enforcement officer we see too much of here in the good-ole-boy racist South--protect all yer pals, the hell with the law! #DisgracedComey
Handcuffs?
You mean handcuffs you liar
They are coming for you Jimmy!  Orange jump suit, XLT?
Always been awkward, weird, fake and un-professional.
You're a piece of Schiff and I can't wait until you go to prison.
You are arragant and a leaker as well as a liar! You have the nerve!
Two-face...this fits you
I wish the American people could say the same thing 
You got fired didn’t anyone tell you. And you disgraced the FBI.Your wife was right to leave you
How will they work with an orange jumpsuit?
Idk about him but I'll live it
Yes they do look good.
Are those the ones the Hillary bought you?
Really? You are still fired #FailedLegacy

Well, the country is ashamed to have had you as FBI Director.
Handcuffs will be your new cufflinks.
How much Clinton cash did you receive to make you so proud?
It was most likely funneled through his brother
We know ain't no secrets anymore
Shove those cuff links! Bubba will get them out for you!
You were a disgrace to the FBI.
They should have made you give them back when you were FIRED.
Will they let you wear those in prison?

Did u wear ur dress Jimmie boy? #LIAR #Leaker #JusticeIsComing for you Jimmie.
You are great. So glad you're having fun.
Yah a great slime ball
He correctly fingered Trump as a mob boss. Imagine a real POTUS talking this way.
Dear Mr. Comey "Sir",  Not Many Persons Can Do That - What Defines Us As Human Beings, Is What We Stand For, And What We Stand Against. People Are Envious Of Your "Gifts". Never Change, You Are A Warrior Of Light!
Prepare for the handcuffs. So much more appropriate for you.
Hopefully those cuff links will become handcuffs soon ......
You ADMITTED leaking info to media outlets.  And you are writing a book about honor? This kind of arrogance will not go well for you...

Clinton cuffs lol
Soon to be FBI handcuffs @realDonaldTrump
I think you meant “cuffs”. Not cuff links.  Nice try tho.
You are an embarrassment to USA@fbi@jeffsessions@realdonaldtrump@seanhannity@foxnews
Why, at no time, do you state that you were above board?  You clearly abused the FISA court. For the sake of the Republic, OWN UP. Please!!!
How does this happen?
IMO, when Trump hears about this he'll be gleeful. He hates the FBI so much this will give him fodder to hate them even more. Sad.
I agree.  Trump will consider this a silver lining.  He's probably happier than he's been all week atm.  Sickening man.

https://youtu.be/DGTMaAPrwmQ 

Idiot
How does it feel to be the most hated scumbag in America?

You are no more a FBI than I am. You never were. Just a lying  crook.
Sir Thank you for your service, honesty, integrity and strength. You have handled yourself with great honor and respect, and grace. Thank you Hopefully when this nightmare is over you will rise like the phoenix.
In light of what we just learned I would say you are the most corrupted official ever.
Unless you know Houdini, you're up shitcreak without anymore protection
Someday the “link” will be removed
Hope you kept the handcuffs
Tick Tock . . . 15-20, no parole

Jailbird Comey, Dirty Cop
You were fired!
REAL CUFFS COMING SOON JIM
With any luck you will soon have a much different kind of cufflink on!! Can't wait to see you in cuffs Comey!!
Comey - Citizens are not this STUPID OK -  The NSA/DIA would NEVER allow a Russian Agent into OFFICE for over a YEAR and a HALF and DO NOTHING-  But LEAKED FBI Texts/MEMOS etc show CONSPIRACY/REASONABLE DOUBT
They go well with your dress and heels. #NerdComey
...proud to wear your FBI HANDCUFFS! There I fixed it for ya
How do you feel about bracelets?
Stick to promoting Eva and her whatevers. You sure arent clear on whats going on.
THEY KNEW.........#FISA
Love you Jim!
Did you say FBI handcuffs?
Did I get that wrong?
#MAGA

History will celebrate Mr Comey.  
Traitor-DJT will be exposed as the malignant tumour that he is. Trump - notmypresident!
Uh oh.  The Trump Idiot in Chief next will get @DevinNunes to put in one of his memos that FBI is corrupt becs they let you keep your cufflinks.

I’d be proud to belong to such an honorable agency.  If I were the FBI, I’d be embarrassed that you represent the FBI. #ResistComey

I'm glad you don't let the Russian bots worry you.  I enjoy seeing your tweets and ignore the obvious Russian and/or Trumpsters replies.  I'm sure you do, too, so you won't see this, lol.
I would be ashamed if I were you Mr Comey betraying your government, your country, and the America for the liars and the crooks!!!!!
Wear your T-shirt
Cuffs, yes. We look forward to seeing you wearing cuffs. You can drape your jacket over them and lower your head to avoid the embarrassment. But we are all waiting to see anyway.
Thank god you dont have a badge to go with it,Im no fan of Trump but your interview with GS was dispicable !!!
Pretty soon it will be handcuffs, not cuff links! Busted tonight!
It seems that's all u did at FBI, play 'dress-up'. Just saw Strozk texts, either u lied or they kept stuff fm u. If kept fm u, then they had no respect for u which proves time-and-again that u had no business running such a powerful organization as the FBI...and if u lied? SHAME!
Ahhhh, aren’t you soooo cute
Dress up in prison stripes
Why didn't you do anything about the little girls in the US gymnastics program getting molested? Reports are saying you waited a year before doing anything.
What an embarrassment you've become.
So didn't you put Martha Stewart in prison for lieing. Hmmm.
Can’t wait till you get to wear shackles. #comeyfor prison
Infantile.
FBI should help the kids and speak out against assault weapons
What an embarrassment to the Agency, and country...I wonder what history will write about you...
Take them off. You're a disgrace to the bureau.
You’re a criminal who should be prosecuted
As you should, Sir!

ACLU Report Documents FBI Abuse Since 9/11 | American Civil Liberties Union https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-report-documents-fbi-abuse-911 …
“This is much larger than just texts between two FBI agents.” A high-ranking FBI official confirms a number of the missing 50,000 FBI text messages — as well as other text and email messages among FBI brass — reportedly discussed initiating physical harm to @POTUS Donald Trump
You should be in jail.
INDEED YOU HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO FEEL PROUD.  I ENJOY YOUR PHOTO TWEETS AND AM SO ANXIOUS FOR YOUR BOOK TO HIT THE STANDS.
How does it feel to have 74% of the country believing that you and others ruined the reputation of a once impeccable institution (FBI) by taking short cuts, ignoring laws just to try and bring down a President you didn't like? I thought U were one of the good guys-I was wrong.
You should be wearing handcuffs

#FISAGate #ObamaGate
You're phony tweets are just that.
