Will it still require warrants for searching American Citizens?
Just wondering, and I doubt I'll get an answer but what the hell, figured I'd just ask.  Any reason why @HillaryClinton's email investigation was made public during the election but not the ongoing investigation into .@realDonaldTrump's campaign ties to Russia?
And further, that there was a member of the Trump campaign itself that came forward to blow the whistle and nothing was done?
Yea and why wasn’t Hillary interviewed under oath, and why did he agree to change his finding of “gross negligence” to “extremely careless”. He’s done so many things poorly.

Perhaps James Comey is extremely incompetent?
Man, the #PutinCockHolsters are buzzing loudly today.  Must be afraid that their leader is going to be exposed for the #RussianTraitor he is, and by association all of his supporters #RussianTrollTraitorTrumpTools.  Have fun being blocked.
Resorting to insults because your arguments lack logic and reason
Why didn't you tell the American people #45 & his gangs were under FBI investigation? We deserved to know.
Elections have consequences.
https://saraacarter.com/2018/01/10/was-the-dnc-clinton-campaign-funded-dossier-used-to-obtain-trump-fisa-warrant/ …


Not to mention Nunes is on the short course to jailtime for obstruction of justice.
Trump is gutting US IC.
For Putin.
If the govt can obtain a FISA warrant that means evidence was presented of working w a foreign power on US Soil to potentially harm USA. Don't get mad at the lawyers & judges that got the warrant, get mad at the criminals.
What proof do you have that the FISA warrant was granted to surveil a US citizen? It would be breaking news if you did since everything points to it being about a foreign agent.
Secondly I wonder about the impact considering Trump won the election and this was released after that
Can you provide support for this excerpt:

"A large portion of the evidence presented in the salacious 35-page dossier put together by former British spy Christopher Steele, has either been proven wrong or remains unsubstantiated."

I have not seen any piece of it be invalidated.
That's not how this works. The dossier is an internal memorandum from a research firm that is a synopsis of its research at some particular point in time. It's not a series of "unsubstantiated" claims, it's a summary document an employee sent to their employer to give an update.
Thanks Mr. Comey.  I don't expect you to change your mind 3 times in 12 hours, like Trump did.  We will take your word for it.
FISA is one of the best deterrents of Terrorism.  Most terrorists are actually US citizens.  FISA does more than any border wall or travel ban will ever do to protect our country from terrorism.
^this thinking indicates what pro-NSA voices actually want to do: undermine the fourth amendment to surveil *US citizens* without a warrant
Best to lay low for a while, Jimmy.
You abused the confidence & privileges that the American people bestowed upon you & the FBI. You disgraced your post. There are consequences to your actions & the American ppl will not entrust that privilege to you or the FBI without that trust.  The blatant abuse is inexcusable.
I know you were just trying to do what you thought was right, but do you find yourself contemplating...oops. This is all my fault.
Key word, sir... *thoughtful*
I don't know what this is but hit like because James Comey said it and knows what he's talking about. Reauthorize this, Congress!
Thanks for your leadership 
Input 
Character 
We are GROWING 
With GRACE 
I know that 
Our kids’ future depend on USOFALL to work together 
Synergy 
Trust 
Courage 
Hope 
Faith in 1another 
Again 
We have MUCH more in common 
THAN differences 
When you were FBI director the FB used an unvetted dossier funded by the Clinton campaign to obtain FISA warrants to surveil the opposition presidential campaign during an election.  Members of congress have examined FISA application warrants and know that the FBI...
fraudulently characterized the voracity and legitimacy of the dossier. Also, they failed to mention to the FISA court how it was funded (Clinton Campaign --Perkins Cole--Fusion GPS--ex English spy--Russian Spies & Kremlin operatives who provided the colorful anecdotes)
That's why you (Comey) and other senior members of your staff wanted to pay Steele for the dossier.  By paying for it the FBI could represent the dossier as the result of trade craft paid for by the FBI. vs the product of laundered collusion between the Clintin Campaign  ...
an ex English spy and Russian spies and operative in the Kremlin. Strzok/Page emails/texts demonstrate that they were leaking info about the Trump investigation to the press. Trump ordered you (COMEY) to find the source of the leaks and stop them.  It's now apparent that ..
you not only participated in leaking yourself but you also encouraged your senior staff to leak.
You, your staff at the FBI abused the 702/FISA statute and demonstrated how this abouse could be used to delegitimize and even overturn a presidential election. ...
You were enabled by Lynch, Rosenstein, most if not all the other Obama appointees in DOJ, Rice, Powers (who unmasked Trump team members and leaked their names to the press), Clapper. 
The narrative must have been: "We're doing this to protect the Country" if he gets elected ..
measures have to be in place to delegitimize the election, initiate impeachment, or undermine his presidency to the extent that he is forced to resign. " the sub narrative was  "She'll never lose to him", therefore none of the unconstitutional old Soviet style measures ..
perpetrated by the COMEY FBI, Lynch DOJ, Clapper National Security Apparatus and Obama white house was likely to be uncovered.  The confirmatin of the FACT that the FISA warrants used to surveil the Trump team ere based solely on a ducument paid for by the Clinton campaign..
You sir are a trader to the flag. You sir helped pull off the largest election scam of all time. It failed though. So you sir, are both a trader to America as well as a failure to the FBI. J E Hoover would be ashamed you followed his footsteps.
Preach! 
It’s  Police State bullshit. Which is why you support it.
Of course , so corrupt political hacks like you can use it against American Citizens
Yes sir! Damn right! 
Who the hell are you to tell congress what they need? We the American people decide! Not you @comey

About sick of that stubborn fat? Kick it away with the awesome new and improved fat burning PhysIQ :) Get yours today! Don't miss out on this great opportunity for an all natural way to burn up your fat!  

…
First things first. We have to get to the bottom of "What Happened" when the FBI and DOJ became politicized, colluded with the DNC to harm Donald Trump, and attempted to rig the election for Hillary. 
#LockThemAllUp
American Patriot IS NEITHER, Just a RussiansBot.
Russia Russia Russia bot bot bot...You would think the Left could come up with a new mantra now that Russia-Trump collusion is #FakeNews
James who?
With @DevinNunes fixes?
Until you came along.
Dirty Cop!
There you are. No quote #clickclick
FISA may have at one time been a good idea, until you and your hacks came along and abused it to spy on a political candidate.
Of course but you can’t ABUSE IT!
Of course professional spies want it. #GetAWarrant
You are a disgrace
Thank you, Mr. Comey!
#minicomey
Tami, do you crochet these dolls?
Yep
OMG...amazing work dear!! Dam your good 
Are you assuming that persons gender? Risky!
Helps to spy on@political opponents too doesnt it.
#crookedcomey 
#dirtycop
Did you cut a deal or are you seriously this stupid to keep tweeting?
Fraud
Intelligence is a vital tool in the National Security toolbox.  However, voting to allow federal agencies to surveil anyone they want with no oversight indefinitely is NOT how we as a nation should operate, per the US Constitution, specifically the 4th Amendment.
Which personality is tweeting this? #Split #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
During Comey’s last year of tenure, someone inside the FBI was giving FISA-702 search results on U.S. individuals to a private entity that had nothing to do with government. Those 702 (American Citizen) results were not “minimized” & exposed the private data of the Americans.
It is though. Trump divided our country, lied about #fakenews (unless referring to @FoxNews) and continues to act based on his unmovable beliefs. Trump, you should’ve stayed home! #respectcomey #VoteThemAllOut
You ruined the FISA court!
Here’s a better photo of you, Jimbo.
So you can use it to spy on Americans for political purposes? Shameful misuse of tool that was suppose to help keep us safe.
You need to get off #socialmedia for a while Mr. Comey  64 million people don't have any use for your politics right now.
But 250 million do. Please keep talking truth to power. This admin is the most corrupt in modern US history. We NEED your voice. Thank you.
Oh really, so dirty and corrupt cops like you can attempt to over throw a President ?? You should be in prison for life, at the least. You're a FRAUD, just and FBI IMPERSONATOR !!
They don't get scummier than James Comey ! Lock him up !
I have a bridge I will sell you
You are such a liar.  You are the mob boss leaking information. You should be prosecuted and in prison.
What is FISA section 702?@LanciaHopkins2
#LyinComey
You & your buddy McCabe have ZERO Credibility. So, shut it boy!
It’s about abuse of power when not properly used but you know that!
Not until criminals like you are locked away. You are the worst king of criminal, one who clothes himself with authority and violates the trust given him. May God have mercy on your soul, because most Americans will not.
Comey , or not Comey !!!!!
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
You have the right to remain silent , you know....
What were you so afraid of??? Now we know, speaking of weasels
this has to be a fake Comey account , right ?

i mean the real Comey using that fake info dossier that insane @SenJohnMcCain gave him to get FISA warrants issued to spy on Trump would be in hiding on this topic
Fake? Already corroborated by the FBI.
yes folks ... there really are libtards out there screaming the dossier is proven legit 

these people are simply batshit crazy
Uh huh. Not too bright, are ya?
OK..... show us the verified crimes in dossier.... things Trump is about to be charged with

sounds like you have lots to share 

we're all waiting
It's hardly the only source of information in this investigation.
Hey there oh so smart one. The dossier didn't even start this investigation. It was an Australian b/c a member of the trump campaign! 

P.S. The FBI already had their own investigation going well before the dossier came to light. 

Thanks for playing Dividend!
actually its looking like @FBI has nothing at all in hand proving anythingconnecting Trump with Russia  & why now Mueller is shifting to 'obstruction of justice' in desperation to come up with something/anything
You are gonna do the perp walk real soon smart guy
You are a criminal leaker and thoroughly corrupt, the poster boy against this. 
You need to be in jail.
He's so with himself, so all-important.
Drove with sirens blaring, ran up the stairs to the hospital bed just in time to save the republic. As self-important as that.
Your endorsement is a good reason to nix the whole thing
You do know your ass is toast.  Nobody cares what you think and you did More damage to the FBI than any previous Director.
Section 702 May have good intentions, but unfortunately there are always people who misuse for the wrong reasons, you or someone you know used it for the wrong reasons for political reasons and it backfired and Hillary didn’t call you off!
Not how your reign at the FBI used it. You’re leadership violated rights and individuals privacy. Not to mention violated the constitution which you took an oath to uphold. So get off your moral high horse and stop lecturing us. If I were you I’d fine a real good lawyer
Most definitely!!!
Seriously? Are you actually serious? @FBI was used as a weapon for political reasons against a sitting president. Under your watch! #ReleasetheMemo
I need verification

We shall soon know since the federal courts have ordered all related memoranda released....
Methinks this tweet will not age well.

The plot thickens...

#ReleaseTheMemo
FISA is a way to spy on Americans. You know this first hand you snake.
Hey Jim, you're going to Gitmo. #QAnon
Really Jim? What did you do to protect the country and its citizens? All you did was play cover up for the Clinton's and Obama's. 
It's only about politics when you use it as an end run around the constitution to unmask and spy on Americans without a warrant.  Jackass.
Jimmy doesn't want Unmasking, and Spying abilities on U.S. Citizens to be End!
**Never know when you'll need to go after your Political Opponents!
You used it to spy  on Trump without just cause!
Asswipe!
Falsifying evidence to obtain a warrant is about the lowest thing a law enforcement officer can do. That, and exonerating a suspect before the case is finished.
Then you shouldn’t have weaponized fhe FBI by using the FISA process to commit sedition.
Institutions like the FBI and CIA have been compromised and corrupted---It's now clear that they've been infiltrated by leftist and criminal establishment elements----People like James Comey can never be believed or trusted.
It IS about politics!! Just like you covered up for Hillary and all her crimes! It is definitely about politics!! No one trusts @comey!
Tic Tock Mr. Comey.......the Storm is Coming 
How soon we forget Obama Gate
Yet u abused it on Trump Tower wire taps on fake dosier.  That is political
Thoughtful leaders on both sides of the aisle also know it's a gross violation of our constitutional rights.
Thoughtful leaders who are too arrogant to represent the people who elected them. We the people...need to drum these complacent a**holes out.
U r a crook, hopefully they lock you up
Mr. Comey Everytime you tweet I am reminded how much  I dislike you for helping to give us Donny! Maybe you should stop tweeting! You helped create this SHITSHOW!
SCREW YOU COMEY, RELEASETHEMEMO!....
At least you cant abuse this tool anymore!
#ReleaseTheMemo so we can see how carefully overseen it really is.
"Thoughtful" being the key word there.
I keep wondering when justice will be served for the American people.  You are a traitor to your own country and have many crimes under your belt.  And you have the audacity to tell us what is good for us?
All th really hardcore Trump fans.. are nuts.
