"Behind James Comey’s ‘A Higher Loyalty’," the latest from Benjamin Wittes: http://tinyurl.com/yao3hjus 
You're going to jail
This is the letter from Congress to Sessions, Wray & Huber that refers Comey, Clinton, Lynch, McCabe, Strzok, Page & anyone in DoJ & FBI involved w/Steele Dossier (incl Comey, McCabe, Yates & Boente) for investigation for "violation of Federal Statutes".
…
Don't let little things like facts, jurisprudence,  and integrity get in your way. Mob mentality is always so much more stylish among Trumplicans.
Like the fact that Comey wrote Hillary's exoneration before interviewing her? Or the fact that he answers a question about Hillary obstructing justice with "Huh, nobody's asked me that before". Like anyone believes that. Or the fact that his bff leaked info that he gave him.
Or the fact that the entire dossier is true.
Oh, fun. So which parts do you dispute. Show your work!
No comparison..
Absolutely! No comparison!
Cult member obviously

THIS is why I am not a repub
This is why Trump won.
Um...why? I just don’t understand what you mean.
Opinions are now considered facts..that's the problem.
And James Comey is the type of person that writes an exoneration (on a criminal) before interviewing them.
Idiot.
Michael, do you always call people idiots just for telling the truth?
This is the letter from Congress to Sessions, Wray & Huber that refers Comey, Clinton, Lynch, McCabe, Strzok, Page & anyone in DoJ & FBI involved w/Steele Dossier (incl Comey, McCabe, Yates & Boente) for investigation for "violation of Federal Statutes".
…
Comey is my homey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You can visit him in prison when this is all said and done
Prison? You're a kool-aid drinking nut job

#BREAKING: 11 members of Congress have asked AG Jeff Sessions, FBI Director Chris Wray, and US attorney John Huber to conduct a criminal investigation of the following individuals:…
Garbage
Yes they are Mclovin and they will do time.
Says who? You?
Run for President. Dems have nobody else great and your height will unnerve Trump.
It be hard to mount a campaign when your in jail!   Your democratic criminals are going down!   Get the popcorn!   & Thank @Comey for having to tell his story, even more bias, and absolute disreguard for the constitution.   Couldnt help yurself Jimmy!
How's the weather in Siberia?
Hows the weather in loserville?
Sir, you need to think before you write these kind of tweets.

You belong in court for perjury.
#LockHimUp
You should take your own advice.
I do. Do you take my advice as well or not?
Funny reply...  it’s goin down...   left needs to stop fighting and admit they got fooled into supporting a bunch of corrupt criminals...  funny thing all these guys r going 2 jail protecting Hillary & she might walk...
What exactly is going down? All I see is trump cronies pleading guilty, being indicted and raided by the feds. Which Dems have been indicted?
This story is in multiple publications.  You think all these marches and tiots were organic?
So kinda like the NRA does for the right? It’s politics. I never said the protest was organic I said the intensity of the response was a reaction to previous events. Don’t try to put words in mouth. I’m clear on my statements.
You were great on Colbert. He killed me with the “splash zone” reference 

No man who is corrupt, 
no man who condones
corruption in others, 
can possible do his duty
by the community.

Theodore Roosevelt
I devoured your book in a 5 hour stretch yesterday, only breaking to make more coffee.   I have a weird urge to send you proper Pinot Noir glasses. 
After all the crap he took from the orange con man in the White House, hell he needs two bottles lol
You aint seen nothing yet!  Jail coming and the absolute unconstitutional way in which he operated is going to show the Fraud for wat he is.
Yes I agree trump is a fraud and a thug and belongs in jail.
For what,  what about these child torturers and molesters?   Your fraudulent opinion is yours, and anyone who refuses to see the positives @POTUS is bringing, then you oughta read a lil more!
Maybe when the tribunals start, it will help you realize how deceiving people and frauds, & jail deserving really act!
And the tribunal had started. Manafort, Gates, Flynn, Papadopulus, 13 Russians have all fallen. Cohen going down. Keep up.
Saving all these wonderful drops of misdirected hope!   And where havent you read manafort was a fbi plant.   Setup!   Duh.  Talk to me in May!   Then we can see who is in the kno
Finally comes the referral and hopefully your prosecution! Hopefully your joke of a book tour will come to an abrupt end with you being sent to jail. #MAGA
All a deflection for criminal trump and the gang
Donald Trump is the kind of person who enriches himself at America’s expense.
Lol
Thanks for proving my maturity point
Enjoy your angry misery!
You take his tweet as angry, however it is one of laughter because we cant understand how people can be so ignorant and naive to think Trump is some kind of savior in a fat suit. LOL
#LibHandbook:
1) In lieu of actual discussion, use personal attacks to cover for lack of ability to use reasoned, logical, fact based debate skills. 
2) Have a thinly veiled tantrum and refer to it as a “#March”
3) Refer to all dissenters as “#racist”
Trump supporters have made personal attacks on me as well as one death threat WHICH was reported and suspended account. Again it is naive to think that Trump is telling the Truth and is this loving giving man.  I am not calling anyone names. Just pointing out  how its naive
...I do enjoy your outward feelings of superiority ...however, the personal attacks and assumptions are classic transference that indicates an inferiority complex...as does hiding behind an avi without your actual image displayed.
About to finish the audio book. I am so sorry to your family for your devastating loss. My daughter Jillian died at 5 days old, and your descriptions and the shakiness in your voice were both beautiful and heartbreaking. Thank you for sharing.
Be careful with the people you date, breakups can be long
His book sales are crashing and he’s not getting the softball interviews he expected.
Well, @JohnG405...seems you either can't read or you're simply,..SIMPLE!! LOL...you might want to pull tore head out of HANNITY'S BEHIND, and stop getting your info from " Fix News & the Internet, because your fact are incorrect! It a SHAME that #tRUMP VOTERS are so misinformed!

That's more Trump-style writing.
You’ll have plenty of time to write another self-serving work of fiction where you’re going.
You are a man of integrity and class.
Chuck Rosenberg, too
Crooked Comey!!!!
No
Yes
Normally don’t waste on things like this but; did u read the book? I did. The book was a very good read. It’s easy 2 troll & call names but hearing, seeing or reading something uncomfortable is hard.
Open your eyes!
Well Comey, you may want to cancel your book tour now that you’re under investigation. The IG is reviewing all of your memos and we all know it was wrong to leak it to the press. You told the President you don’t leak, biggest leaker of all.
Yep. Niagara falls! Not to mention he took fbi secret materials out of the building, and showed it to someone else. Doesn't matter if he redacted it. It's content and that it's fbi property broke the law. Federal law!
It wasn’t secret materials. The guy is way smarter then that. Although I know fake fox news prob spun it that way.  You should try research true facts every now and then, as 30% of Hannity or Laura Ingraham are actual false facts according to politico
Hannity and Graham? what? Jealous punkin?
Yes. You're obviously jealous of Hannity and ingraham. But we understand. You far left folks have a very thin skin. We understand.
Also, I believe it's the Dem collective who yell resist, and you all just resist everything, and don't know why. You just hop into the collective. Hard for you to have an individual thought. Must be tough.
The sh*t just hit the fan, Jimbo!
Friends will say anything slime ball.
And you're any better calling a man with integrity a slimeball, when trump is a lying, cheating, traitorous Putin lover? Good job comrade Marilyn. Lolololololol
Trump won’t read anything unless it’s a colouring-book version.
@TomFitton  do you see this hogwash.   why isn't Comey in prison awaiting treason charges? @SenTedCruz  , Call out Jeff Sessions prosecute criminals Comey , Clinton and Obama
The book is quite different, light-years more significant, profound and worthwhile, than what has for the most part been evoked by those who have not read it. Anyone who reads it from cover to cover understands perfectly the challenges and the decisions made... No one bats 100%
Trying to get s copy now
Looks like they are having a good discussion about it. Same at MSNBC, both of them are going through the new information real time. Are they doing a Panda report on FOX?
Question. What is said in a meeting with the United States President, is that confidential or classified information? To my understanding it is. You REALLY have me confused on this one.  President Trump won’t be our POTUS 4ever, Be worried for the precedent y’all are setting!
I hope you like the color "prison orange"
Don’t worry the orange Rump will fit right in to the orange jump suit for money laundering and other crimes
Keep melting snowflake #maga
D I R T Y  C O P
My sentiment exactly, Media needs to quit fixating on 1 or 2 excerpt of book & actually read it! It’s a beautifully written book with a message that goes beyond what we all already know (Trump isn’t a moral leader) Will bring clarity & understanding & respect for work of our @FBI
Read the book people, you won’t be disappointed it truly takes you on an emotional rollercoaster, but beautifully reminds & captures the spirt of what it is to be American in America & injects more confidence & respect for @FBI #ComeyBook #AHigherLoyalty #ComeyIsMyHomey
I just got ahold of my copy yesterday (purchased a copy at the airport even though one's on order)! Stories of your childhood, background information on cases you've worked on, and how you developed your leadership style (trial and error) are insightful!
This made me so happy since I didn't think I could read a cover-to-cover book about Trump. The joke you reluctantly shared with President Bush was very humorous!  Thanks again for sharing your thoughts and being so candid!
Just keep talking you cant help yourself and after watching you say i wasnt but i was 20 times.   Good grief your lawyer must be screaming, but thank you.   keep showing just how incompetent, how biased you really are
I may not have liked 
everything you've done, but I admire your character & trust your motives. That's more than I can say about most and why I find you so admirable. Thank you.
Thank you for showing us how a true leader conducts himself in the face of such disgusting ruthless attacks. #trueleader #leadership #ImpeachTrump
Mr. Comey....On page 18 of @ahigherloyalty and am HOOKED!

Boy, are you a good writer.

Mobsters and the Ramsey Rapist in the first few pages...

Can't put it down

Well done!

CREDIBILITY POLL FOR WHOLE WORLD!

Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) vs. Comey ( @Comey )…

Colonel demoted, immediately retired from Air National Guard over dinosaur puppet video https://www.airforcetimes.com/news/your-air-force/2018/04/18/colonel-demoted-immediately-retired-from-air-national-guard-over-dinosaur-puppet-video/#.WtfJCOVnmF8.twitter …
A colonel is demoted for allowing the use of a puppet during a swearing-in ceremony.  However, the secretary of state conveniently deletes e-mails that are under subpoena and not even suffers a fine.
Then he will visit you in the Federal Pen where you’ll be spending some time with the other lowlifes!
The press keeps saying the Clinton Email announcement influenced the outcome of the election. I disagree. All it really did was cause each camp to dig in. The country was already deeply divided at that point. Personally, I would never have voted for Trump under any circumstances.

I'm impressed, great read.
Do others not do this and only Ben does this? 
Thank you for mentioning his hair in your book...I have noticed it also
Have you stopped hyperventilating this evening Cardinal Comey? Hope you are burning the midnight oil with your new counsel as they will surely be very busy. What an arrogant pompous disgrace you have been to the FBI, DOJ and the AMERICAN people.
Sir,
I’m in Kandahar, AFG, can I get a signed copy of your book? Thanks sir. I’m an officer, who understands and admire leaders with INTEGRITY, DUTY, COURAGE, and service to the American people. Thank you. May God continually bless you.
Here's some reading every American should read:
Let's talk about Honor, @comey because I want some things crystal clear to all. Let's take a solid look at what kind of Honor you brought to the @FBI & that @JusticeOIG is currently looking at. https://twitter.com/Comey/status/975065073575219200 …
I am sobbing my way through the end of chapter 11. I’ll just say you’re a fine man. And so is Wittes. It’s so easy to tell now who has read the book and who has not by the way they comment on it. I was one of those people. But. This book has changed me - for the better. Thank you
Finally found it in my store yesterday and I plan to read it this weekend I really cant wait..

Lol... Lordy Lordy u leaker, 
Oh yes yes yes. Criminal leaker to boot!!!!
I have read your book and do believe you are an honest man with integrity
Soon
Nothing like Leavenworth barbwire
For some strange reason I don’t think Comey is gonna be able to dig himself out of that pile of shit he got him self into ? @foxandfriends @ScottPresler @EricTrump @VP @DiamondandSilk @RealJamesWoods @TuckerCarlson @The_Trump_Train @StephenMilIer
Soiled cop!
TIME TO #LockComeyUp
 
Can only hope.




#SwampCritterRun
Crooked Comey!!!
You’ll have plenty of time to write more books IN PRISON!
Jim, the memos I see are redacted... They say "Classified" on the bottom... You gave them to a professor who had no clearance.

That is a crime!
Comey gave Columbia professor, Daniel Richman, 4 memos. 4 of the 7 memos are classified, meaning that at least 1 of the memos Comey leaked was classified. 
Wrong
Why JoAnn... Because you and your six followers say so? 
Witch hunt to deflect from the real criminals
I just read your pathetic memos & it sounds like @POTUS was an innocent man who YOU were seeking to set up. Self-righteousness is not the same thing as righteousness Comey. May God expose every one of your wrongdoings & drive you to your knees in true repentance. #reprobate
AMEN
Criminal Comey going to jail soon
Oh. Not liking the the fact that everyone doesn't see you as the hero YOU see yourself as? Well, enjoy these pieces when they come. It may just be possible that you weren't right about everything. It takes self awareness to admit that.

Your lack of Candor has put you in the hot seat. Enjoy being prosecuted now you can see what it feels like. This is so ironic 
@realDonaldTrump @ScottPresler @foxandfriends @VP @lthomer175 m @SheriffClarke @DiamondandSilk
Oh my Mr Comey looks like you are going under investigation 
You’re going DOWN DOWN DOWN!!!
Do you believe McCabe will flip on you?

I still forgive you for your deep state to use Americans for your Partison gain which I feel degrades the FBI's 7th or 9th floor integrity, but never will the boots on the ground 1st floor women and men will I stop fighting for to keep safe even though I have to use this phone
I bet Stormy cares more about her "break ups".

Each and every one... thousand. 
BOUGHT YOUR BOOK TO WIPE MY ASS WITH .....
Lol...
WAIT

Comey's memo says that he doesn't do "sneaky things," "leak," or do "weasel moves." 

Just this week -- literally -- Comey confirmed on The View that he leaked a memo to his Columbia law professor friend.

So glad Trump fired this liar. 
#ComeyMemos
Worried at all about this?
You're the one that sounds scattered my friend. 

Good luck in life!!!

Does your new lawyer know you're going to be tried in Cuba?

Keep talking! Your doing more good for others than yourself. Again what a shame you lead the fbi! You have tarnished such a great organization.
The Memos are fake Slimeball Comey. We know you had some help with them, Lynch and some other special people. 1,000,000's of Patriots are aware.They have it all... you're screwed. #Traitor #Justice #Gitmo4Comey
I think you and #McCabe can work out anything together!!  Good luck #ticktock... #Gitmo
Been awful quiet lately ... have you lawyered up yet??????


Traitor
You're trying to tell the American voters you don't know where you were on Election night and you expect us to believe that
You speak of character, we will see who history holds on character!  You Obama Puppet!  And claim republican voting a household of For clinton.   you will be going to jail.  thats why @POTUS says it!   Distance, how is that when u where inserted up Obamas Tail?   Keep Talkn PLZ
Stand firm and strong against the true liars: @GOP.  Thank you for your service Mr. Comey. Many could learn much from you to be more human and more humane.
Comey is Bozo the Clown incognito.
Comey is Pinocchio your brother ? 
U R in big trouble. Hope they throw the book at you. Trump right. Not a big fan of Donald but his instincts are good and u will go down in history as one bad dude at top of @FBI
Lies to the President of the United States. Complains and wines like a baby when he gets fired. 
Whines like a baby
Really liked this book on so many levels.  If you haven’t read it, you don’t get to comment.
I’m reading it right now. @comey has impressed me with his ethics and I’m not even half way through yet. Can’t put it down!

I have two questions? 1 Who were the NY FBI agents(Trump supporters) that leaked info that forced you to talk abt emails 10days bf election?
2.Why didn't FBI leaders get the Steele notes? 3.If CIA told FBI abt Intel from multiple countries abt T/R, why didn't u do something????
Everyone in America is proud of how you’ve managed to keep your responses calm and accurate during these unfortunate time. 
Holding true to your commitment as an honest investigator with the FBI will always shine thru.
Jim just watched your interview with Rachel Maddow. As a retired employee (35yrs) with the aerospace company you once worked for I wanted to say you have class and embodied the integrity of us all
I wonder if hes also the type of guy that actually waits for an investigation to be over before deciding the outcome
Does your book details what you Brother gets paid by the Clinton foundation

I would stop talking, it may get you in trouble...

Read your book.  Thank you for your thoughtful fairness.  Plenty to consider.  Thanks again.

James Sancticomey
We all know your heart belongs to Trump. Why else would you elaborate on his appearance in such detail in your book?
#PrisonforComey
@Comey released memos today written as FBI Director about Official Duties...making those memos GOVERNMENT PROPERTY.  So, @Comey using official government property for personal, financial, gain (book sales).  Bonus: @Comey redacted own memos for classified...ILLEGAL.
James Comey and Andrew McCabe: You read, you decide

#MAGA 
#BuildTheWall 
#DrainTheSwamp 
@realDonaldTrump
@FoxNews
Listening to your book and enjoying it more than I imagined. I don't find that trying to live an ethical life based on decency and honor is corny or something to be mocked. I appreciate your honesty which is apparent in every chapter.
Uh oh. This doesn’t look good for you Jimmy.
So, exactly how scared are you right now? Gonna share a cell with McCabe and Rosenstein or aggressively kept apart due to snitching? I truly want to know, was it worth it!!?
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. #ComeyForPrison #ComeyMemos #Traitor
We like educated people ! Democracy will win thank you Comey


Tick Tock
#TickTickTick #Hannity 
#DrainTheSwamp @POTUS! @seanhannity
You're going to need that book to sell pretty well to cover your upcoming legal fees, traitor.
Why didn't you tell Trump that he couldn't speak to you alone in the Oval office?
Because you sold America's secrets for profit (along with you lies) we are entitled to a cut of the profits. Payback
James is your book going to cover your attorney fees.. Maybe get ya a little commissary in the poke.. Hope you find true love in prison/ maybe your cell mate??
You gotta see this..
Roses are red, violets are blue, you're corrupt as f*uck and jail is waiting for you  They have it all 
You are going to prison! Maybe you can sing and get out of it! Name names!
Enjoyed your interview in CNN. You can be my neighbor anytime.
You are type of person whom decides someone is innocent before seeing the evidence. You are the reason the FBI is losing credibility. Nothing to do with Trump. @HillaryClinton was guilty , is guilty, and needs to pay the price. #HillaryClinton #Comey #justice #Criminal
In memos you leaked to friend, you actually tell president you don't leak. Want to take that back?
No one who bashes it has read it, and they can never give specifics about what their disagreement with it is.
Wait! YOU have friends? And you go on lunch dates?!
Dems knew the Dossier was FAKE
MSM knew the Dossier was FAKE
Hillary knew the Dossier was FAKE
Comey knew the Dossier was FAKE
Obama knew the Dossier was FAKE
Clapper knew the Dossier was FAKE
Brennan knew the Dossier was FAKE

This goes all the way to the Oval Office.

Treason.
Says the liar and leaker.  Too funny

@lawfareblog Comey has gone quiet.
Your family needs to step in....you're making a fool of yourself all over TV. You've become a laughingstock. All your lies are catching up to you and it's oh, so obvious. And a pitiful thing to watch.
Mr. Comey, with all that you knew about Clinton, obama, lynch,etc.. you could have been an American Hero by telling the REAL truth.
Such a true story.  I liked you Mr. Comey but you decided to walk the crooked yellow brick road.  Sad.
The book is well written and interesting. Question: What does America DO with a corrupt GOP majority and a Compromised Oval Office?

Your being investigated for criminal offenses. Crime. Felonies. You cannot even vote bro. And cannot possess a firearm after conviction
James - You are going down! #Jail
I bet he looks great in orange.
Probably shoulda thought twice about that book tour.
#Jail #FBICorruption #DOJCorruption #Liar #LiarLiarPantsOnFire #swampdonkey #WashingtonSwamp #ComeyKarma
You lied to Congress under oath, why should we (the people) believe in anything you say?
Who was behind this illegal probe Rosenstein. Was it Obama, Hillary, COMEY, Democrats, MSM. Who are you taking orders from Rosenstein.... you lousy POS.
Thank you for stepping up. I am starting your book.
I just got it today and am about 80 paged in. I can’t put it down.
Apparently your book has a few falsehoods in it
You mean like the 1000’s of lies Rump has told in just his first year?? Please don’t be a hypocrite . Rump lies are actually probable as they are caught on tape
You’re a Special kind of Snowflake aren’t you?
It’s a shame that you can be so easily brainwashed by the liars in the MSM and the Democratic Party.
Do some homework and find out for yourself whose telling the truth.
James Comey must be shitting bricks with the McCabe criminal referral and the upcoming release of the IG Report. 
Should be called back up to testify again in light of everything now known. 
Knowing his political animus from his book & tour doesn't help his case.
I feel like they held off until now for a reason. It gave Comey enough time to hang himself publicly. This is going to make a really good 10 part movie some day.
It's funny how the Dems are wishing that a Shepherd's crook would suddenly reach out & yank him off the stage. 
CNN meanwhile are in a state of breathless anticipation for their upcoming Comey townhall. 
Meanwhile, we're about 3 weeks max from the release of the IG Report. Crazy!
Sir, can one purchase an autographed copy drectly from you?
Once he gets a permanent address in GITMO you can send your copy to him and he will sign it I'm sure. He may have to charge for signatures though hes gonna need a lot of lawyers.
You mean trump. I don’t want anything autographed by trump, from gitmo or otherwise.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPFwxDZHjsw&sns=tw … via @youtube
COMEY AND CREW, "DON'T DROP THE SOAP!"
Dear Mr. Comey, I just finished reading your book. Setting aside what history may reveal in hindsight about the matter, your book is indeed inspiring and reassuring for the people struggling in conceptually similar junctures. I humbly and cordially thank you.
“I’m so weak” “Even good people Lie”
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.
I'm with you Mr Comey, thank you for your years of service!!
Respect you sir. Watched a lot of your interviews including with Jake Tapper. Your family must be really proud of you. I will definitely read your book. It takes a strong man to stand up and do what you are doing.
Bafoon lol... Dont drop the soap
I spell it like the urban dictionary does you bafoon
You keep your chin up and don’t let them get you down. You are more admired than you know, and I was (am) an ardent Hillary supporter.
You were the Director of the FBI, don’t you see the train that is heading right for you?
The light at the end of the tunnel is a bullet train aimed right for the forehead of @Comey. He’s blinded by his holier than thou opinion of himself!



Wow you got quieter than.. Not a mouse, I was going to say Evelyn Farkas 
Enjoyed the read! Thank you for your integrity and truthfulness!
Wow. So many haters in the world. James Comey is a true patriot. Your book was and is an outstanding read. Couldn’t put it down. Thank you sir!!
Mr Comey. I wonder since you have so many right answers. Could you help me and be my personal decision maker?  I know your decisions sucked in the past but I m still interested. Pro bono of course
Lol.... YOU and YOUR CORRUPT BUDDIES are GOING DOWN! Read up buddy! NUTHIN in ur “memos” to trigger a Special Counsel....they’ve been investigating THE CORRUPT DEEP STATE THE WHOLE TIME!  oh! And NOW Guiliani “emerges” 
Exactly..... POTUS meets with RR and Mueller for a few hours and a short while later? Special Counsel  https://twitter.com/thelastrefuge2/status/987149339528052736 …
They're gonna come for you. Sell it all for your trial
I finished your book over the weekend. I was inspired by it and I hope to read more books from you. You're an excellent author. I felt like I was in every room you visited and I enjoyed hearing your inner dialog. Your thoughts on the Washington Listen were so interesting
Bill Cosby GUILTY. Tick tock Jimmy, tick tock.
LOL  My response to these are, SO? ANDDDD???? 
(Oh, and where are all of your others “memos” from Obama and Hillary talks )
Full text: The James Comey Memos on Trump https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/4442900-Ex-FBI-Director-James-Comey-s-memos.html … via @AP
How funny if you search for Comey a ton of liberals pull up. Says it all.
Your book seems to say, you didn’t agree with election results, were offended by Trump’s direct/boisterous approach, and decided to Deep Six him? Did you ever think that US wanted a bull after The 0? You are a bully too! You are the type that hides behind an omnipotent gov
#ComeyTheWeasel
#ComeyTheLiar
#ComeyTheLeaker
#ComeyTheDirtyCop
Hey Jim, I heard you are doing something strange.

Strange 

Strange 

You are cancelling your book tour.

Funny

Funny

Funny

Smart

ANOTHER COMMUNIST?

Inspector General Horowitz refers findings on Andrew McCabe to US Attorney for PROSECUTION. Your next Comey!
I won't waste my time reading your book even if it's free. U gave FBIs bad name, where thousands of good men & women who work hard 2 keep us safe.  Now that ur memo sent 2 congress, I can't wait 2 see the end result. U may not b able 2 enjoy the $ U get from book if u r in  jail!
I’m about 1/3 of the way in and can’t put it down!
I must say I was furious when you dropped your letter right before the election but decided to read your book for understanding. Youve been treated horribly and no matter what I believe you are a man of honor in a country that is spinning out of control! Thanks for the insight!
No tweets in the last week,  Jimmy? None on your hiring of your old pal former Spec Counsel & former US Atty Patrick Fitzgerald? The American people-the sane ones anyhow-know that you are NOT  honorable.
Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not.
Tip of the day @Comey.  Use great care in prison and DO NOT drop the soap
You and your friends will be sharing many cheap lunches together soon in the mess hall at GITMO. Does the lawyer you retained specialize in Military Tribunal Law?
Sir just saw your interview at BBC. Well done. And when they " You and Trump are the same" the difference is you defended ethical and moral leadership " and he is simply"Destroying" these core values.
Look at me, I’m all that ! Ha 
James Comey "can't remember" where he was on Election Night 2016 - Meaning what?   Any competent journalist would demand answers.  Senile? Or lying.
.@FBI @seanhannity Michael Cohen

Sewer Mafia Don Mueller (2001-2013) signed off on $145M Russian bribe to Clintons for #UraniumOne. Mueller gagged UraniumOne informant Doug Campbell.

Mueller knows he and the whole DC Sewer are going to prison, unless they take down Trump first.
You need to rename your book to “A Higher Act of Treason”.
Turn yourself in jimbo. Maybe they'll go easy on ya...bwahhhaaa
I read your book and found it enlightening. Thank you for adding some context to this difficult time in our history. We can all use more truth and examples of integrity and leadership.
I love and believe you Jim Comey!  Give your wife my love too!!
Your own FBI just said that you leaked classified documents. You are definitely going to prison. Enjoy your book tour.
I just finished your book. It is incredibly engaging and very difficult to put down. Despite media reviews the message you are trying to convey does resonate in a deep and meaningful way. Thank you for writing it and for your service to our country.
Love the book! Just finished and passing on to a friend! 

So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
Cheap Lunch Date? Wait until you are in Prison getting Free Footlongs you Tall Weak Cuck
This nation has been sending it's feelings for our government employees being insubordinate since 2010.  You would think that after a few elections the SWAMPIRE RAT FINK TRAITORS would get the message.  Alas...it is too late for you to change.   BUT NOT TOO LATE TO SAY TO YOU...
So Jimmy....how many stiletto heels did you have impaled in your ass after your appearance on The View????...I counted 5...but please correct me if I am wrong....
