And yet he's still in office! Everyday that goes by Trump is  using USA to bolster his wallet and getting a personal "high" off being "Fake" president. His presidency is illegitimate and he needs to be kicked to the curb.

Nope. That's "fake^ news.

A newly released Inauguration Day email in which Obama national security adviser Susan Rice detailed a meeting with the outgoing president, James Comey and others is raising new questions for the former FBI boss, considering he never mentioned such a sit-down in Senate testimony.
Did they ask the question?

Didn't PRESIDENT Obama, WARN #45 of the russian's interference?  YES, YES he DID. As of yet, #45 hasn't done a DAMN thing to protect our DEMOCRACY! Passing blame doesn't cut it. NEVER heard PRESIDENT Obama blame Bush, for a GD thing!
Obama blames bush ...
You are persistent!  You're making my case.  Thank you! 
You wreaked the fisa court , sneaking , lying, and leaking to press!
Snowden leaks to the Press and he's hunted for being a Traitor and he we have the HEAD of the FBI that did the exact same thing and he's free.  Too big to prosecute??   Not a chance!  GITMO is getting prepared for these political PUNKS
Mr Comey - when you decided to leave the DOJ out of the HRC e-mail investigation decision making process, didn’t you cause “destroyed trust”? YOU decided to not allow the DOJ to “keep doing their jobs”.
Wow - Yes - I was thinking the same.
Newly released documents show Department of Justice official Bruce Ohr failed to disclose payments made from shady opposition firm Fusion GPS to his wife; neglecting to obtain the necessary “waiver” that a member of his family was acting on behalf of the Democratic party. recall?
You wrecked #FBI YOU COMEY tied good agents hands behind their backs -Most are so happy you are gone #JamesComey #Weasel  #Disgrace
I imagine many of those same agents were glad to see Bob Mueller go as well! Removing Islam terrorism from all their training books and policies
U mean  all of your misdeeds uncovered??
Amen, Brother Comey.  Most of us with any conscience, with any sense of moral authority, KNOW you've been railroaded.  We're with you.
You so cray cray
Your leadership gets an F for bring this shame upon the FBI
Do you just eat up whatever the trolls feed you?
And I get pissed off at liberals who can’t be bothered to do their homework when they hear crap on cnn or from WaPo/HuffPo. Do the research!
Washington Post is not a crap source, nor are the New York Times, Forbes, BBC, Reuters, Associated Press, or the Christian Science Monitor, to name a few. All reputable. Where exactly do you get your facts @janet8854 ? Trump’s mouth & and Faux?

While I might not have understood & may not have agreed with your rationale, I trust you engaged in an ethical process. Admiring public service & those who honor their oath to PROTECT Americans seriously. Not a DEM or GOP issue/value, it's patriotism. THANK YOU
Ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!
Fool~~~ if it were only one instance, your snarky comment might hold water....but it's a daily occur ance Eh~ Leaker
You knew about McCabe leaking to media. You lied under oath 
You were treading dangerous ground. It backfired. Take responsibility for going there.
You don't even make sense.  #LittleAdamSchiff 
@potus
I know you’ve been busy with your book tour and all but could you tell us again what a great job the FBI is doing. We love your fairytales.
You are rude.
As a Canadian I watch from afar and wonder how this man can still have the suport of so many people.  Hang in there because in the end truth wins . I keep thinking of Karma and believe that it really is a B>>>h
Keeping him in office makes this wonderful country of ours look foolish & weak. He needs a straitjacket & a permanent vacation @ his golf resort.
Not so. You did more that what you mentioned to procure system distrust by the ppl than you admit.
Hope u get a few of the best lasers available.
For a crooked cop u need them badly.
I have two words for you: "October letter". #ItsOnYou
Pot see kettle. You're right. But, you of all poeple, need to put down the twitter until this mess is OVER.
#LockHimUp @Comey 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain

THE REAL RUSSIAN COLLUSION - HILLARY
#SundayBrunch #SundayMorning #MAGA 
You’re missing  one pic. The “Russian Reser Button”.
Glad they drained this swamp creature!!!! He reeeeeeks!!!!!!!!

Oh sure.... I heard this is not you Mr Comey. Funny how that works huh? You have someone tweeting for your account.
LL  Oppps did I leak something out? 
YOUR GONE FOREVER THANKS FOR THE GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER!
No. That was you.
I cannot wait for the day that you are cuffed.
Mr. Comey, I will always remind others what you did in the name of your party in October, 2016. You have no shame. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Memo: No Hillary Funding = No Dossier = No FISA warrant = No Trump Russia story = No Special Counsel. Just remind me again, why do we have a Special Council, oh thats right, because its what Hillary wanted. Get up to speed, Read "Get Trump" it is chilling
We have a Special Counsel (not Council) because DJT fired Comey in an effort to obstruct the Russian probe - as he bragged to his Russian buddies.

DJT's admin hired Mueller.

Didn't work out how Trump planned it, did it?
It might be smart to take your attorney with you, on your book tour.
Ummm, I think maybe the #FBI has been failing to do its job for a while. Think of Larry #Nassar victims, #Parkland high school shooting, and now this (just to name a few):
Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen." didnt you do all that by lying to fisa so you could spy
mmm, I don't think so.  The American people pay you... we are entitled to the truth on how those FISA warrants were gotten.  NOW we know.  Not a good look James!
You have done all of the things you just tweeted.  Don't blame others for your lies and corruption.
It was done to expose the corruption. You should know.
Comey you are part of the Deep State,the corruption you allowed and were part of is being Exposed Finally!You don't want FISA report exposed because it Expired You are perpetrator,That's a Fact!We will get to see it and you Will go to Prison for all the lies,Dems aren't in charge
Dishonest?  Hillary lied to the FBI.  How do you justify letting her go and putting Flynn in prison?

Partisan law enforcement is unacceptable!  I am so sick of the lies.  I trusted you to keep the nation safe, and you lied and turned our nation upside down.  God help us all.
James Comey, you have done a lot of harm to our country. You need to just stop this bad behavior.  I’ve watched you being questioned on TV &now finding out so much of what you said was lies.  I’m so disappointed. I believe you are a sick man, & you truly need psychiatric help.
FBI under your watch dropped the ball on Nikolas Cruz.

BINGO.

James Comey was expecting more.…
You should be arrested.
@Comey asks "That's it?" because he knows just how many scandals he administered as @FBI Director. Including, it turns out, obstructing IG investigations of sexual harassment within the bureau. My report:
They're coming for you, Comey!!!!
SIMPLY STUNNING: GET TRUMP Part 2 Shines a Spotlight on John Podesta and the genesis of the TRUMP RUSSIA SMEAR. Easy to read and gun-barrel stright to the point this is a must read if you want to understand RUSSIA-GATE and how it started
Can't we just accept each other? It's so simple. ACCEPTANCE!!!
Except Lieing traitors to our Constitution and collusion with Russia from Obama an Hillary an the rest of their gang? Hahahaa Not Excepting POS Two Faced Liars !
I am so glad you don't run the FBI anymore.  Good luck with your book though.
She’s guilty in every conceivable way of a plethora of crimes against this nation but I’m James Comey and she didn’t have “intent”.  You don’t put a server in ur basement and circumvent chain of command/capture by accident. #uncleanhands #FutureSongbirdAtGitmo
Dear Comey. Ur turning a blind eye 2 or protecting the Blatant Corruption & Racketeering by Hideous HiLIARy, allowing her Fraudulent Foundation to continue, Scamming Haiti,Destroying Subpoenaed Docs,Uranium One.Instead of protecting us from her,U gave us Mueller’s Kangaroo Court
Dear Comey. This is why We The People have to seriously question what’s going on. Lack of Leadership led to the disaster in Parkland &Mueller’s Witch Hunt. We have Extraordinary Americans in Uniform protecting us on the frontlines 24/7/365. They need a Hierarchy they Respect
No Mr. Comey you did that. When you made the BS speech abt Hillary Clinton.Did wrote some kind of absurd letter and then turned on Trump.
Maybe we wouldn’t be in this shithole if you hadn’t released flimsy information right before the election!
Here is your @FBI  I am learning about Mr. Comey 
@YoungDems4Trump @POTUS 
 
FBI knew about Cruz.
FBI knew about the NJ/NY bomber.
FBI knew about the husband & wife in San Bernardino.
FBI knew about the Boston bombers.
And we STILL don’t know what happened in Vegas
Only answer to all this crap is to impeach Trump as soon as possible.
Bravo. Keep exposing this for what it is. #EmperorDoesntHaveAnyClothes
I'm beginning to realize that you were just incompitant or were to afraid what would happen to you if u were honest n truthful??
Enjoy a few more minutes of fame (before infamy) Mr. Comey. "Lack of candor" and leaks seem to be hallmarks for you, and your senior leadership team.
Hmmm...you were handed a favor; spared from OPR recommendations, though the IG may have interesting "suggestions..."
No no no Comey! That was u that destroyed all that
Nine Major #Problems with #JamesComey’s Involvement with the #Trump #Hoax #Dossier

http://bit.ly/2FJftlX  via @BreitbartNews
They lost 50,000 messages so they are either incompetent or doing evil they wish to cover up.  You can't have it both ways....
So the emails with Strocx and Page, along with your exoneration of HRC before completing the investigation are false too ? Give it up Jim you engaged in subterfuge and you know it ! Be a man and acknowledge the truth !
Hopefully you can fit all your misdeeds and private conversations regarding HRC emails, along with texts in your new book. #famousbutincompetent
You have the right to be silent......

What’s their job? To lie, leak Intelligence to the media, collusion against a political party and a sitting president? You have no ethics as you broke the law and leaked information to a professor with the intent to leak to media! Your a criminal and have no ethics or credibility
You Mr. Comey destroyed the trust with your dishonesty.
God bless those protecting us from the tyrants of injustice.
You want to talk about memos wrecking things? YOU? After you hurt Hillary the way you did.
Doj and FBI areTHANKS to YOU and your CORRUPTION! EVIL Soros puppet!

James Comey had secret meeting with Obama 2 weeks before Trump's Inauguration and may have lied about it to Congress.

http://dailycaller.com/2018/02/13/comey-obama-secret-meeting/ …
Tick Tock . . . 15-20, no parole

Jailbird Comey, Dirty Cop
Says the guy that lost his!
Your relationship with the FISA Court will be closely investigated using a false dossier to fool them with. #gitmo
Thats why its best to fire you!
Mr. Comey:
Good luck with your new book.
I am sorry you were treated so unfairly by President Trump.
I hope Mr. Mueller can get him out of office ASAP!
Hope you can get another political job, we need you.

Barry Sawyer
Memo proves everything we've been saying. The Obama administration conspired with the Clinton campaign to abuse the power of government in an effort to to sabotage Trump's campaign. 

The entire "Russian collusion" narrative is a hoax based on this hyper-partisan scheme. #MemoDay

With you and more to go the fbi may  retain some credibility.
Its called draining the swamp
It is fascinating to see, the people of the United States preparing to march in defence of the FBI against the government!  That's what makes America great!
You're next!!  This happens to have a domino effect! Will enjoy watching on your way down!   Karma!!
@POTUS HSBC, 911 Tower 7,  Lockheed Martin, Sandy Berger National Archives Theft, Hogan & Hartsel, James The Cleaner Comey! #DirtyCop
Is that it?

Just a bunch of FBI fascists faking evidence in front of a Federal FISA Court Judge to illegally spy on US citizens ? 

 Hell I’m more corrupt before breakfast than THAT most days Sheesh!
"House Intel" ..... that's very funny.  "Senate Intel" is even funnier.
Enjoy your freedom now.  It won't last long!!!
And I must say your hands are all over http://it.You  really believe the American people think your innocent. NOT
Mr.  Comey,  keep telling the truth.  You are a champion against the profane,  vile rhetoric spewing forth from the Trump administration.  #FBIproud #Democracywillrise
"The new guy" -'thinks' issue that reflect negativly on him are due to "Crooked Hillary & the DEMS" he doesn't see that some are 'newer' issues coordinate with his the Presidency.  Although, "Crooked Hillary & the Dems" sounds like a great rock band name, huh?
Comey ruined the credibility of the fbi. Scary corruption at the top
Right on! (I know showing my age) but yeah, Right On!

Amazing we are seeing how dishonest and incompetent Comey was as he posts crap like this.
How to clowns like this get jobs at the FBI?
That's it? Mueller indicting real Russians that will never see a day in court? I can't wait for the special counsel that looks into your BS. @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @NolteNC

The FBI has been busy trying to manufacture a case of collusion to falsely accuse and unseat a democratically elected president. They didn't have time to concern themselves with actual threats. Thus, 17 innocent students have been murdered because of the incompetence of the FBI.
This is how misled you are you retweeted this fake crap that has been been debunked there was nothing and no one exposed except for collusion with Russia bye Hillary Clinton Barack Obama's FBI and his Department of Justice to use a US court to spy on a US citizen for politics!
Too late. #Trump http://tiny.cc/0mc9oy 

You are misleading and deceptive ! You are a snake !
Interesting stuff
No that’s  not “it”... that’s  just the  beginning. It’s obvious that you lied to Congress. #ObamaGate
And exposed you for the liar you are...
You are a liar 
and we have you to thank for it...
#NUNES MUST BE VOTED OUT! HE'S  TOXIC
He's an American Hero
The GOP no longer is a respected political party. They are a disgrace Mr. Comey.
Honestly if I were McCabe I would burn every single one of you-I hope he makes a deal or maybe he already has...Hope u sleep good tonite!!!
Many people think that you James Comey handed the election over to Trump by your interference regarding HRC emails. How ironic. HRC would have kept you so by handing the election over to Trump, it cost you your job.
My head is about to explode with this administration!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxyeuP5YYDA … this resulted in N.C. FBI\DOJ coming after me for reporting US Immigration frauds, and continuation of a cocaine distribution in US. FISA?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Foreign_Intelligence_Surveillance_Court …

https://youtu.be/9Pr2WLqED_I 

Replace "memo" with "James Comey", and "must keep" with "start". 

Then, and only then is your statement correct! You narcissistic POS!
Oh wow....the first part of your tweet I was thinking you were finally coming out!! Really the DOJ & FBI doing their jobs.....they haven’t done that since Bush Sr. was in office.
Stop the coup!
Hey “Slippery Jim”:  Care to rethink this little ditty?
Leakey sneaky liar
you are lucky President Trump did not fire you the first day he took office. That is exactly what I would have done!!
I don't think anyone did all that, only a scum bag like U did it by Urself
This tweet did not age well.

We shall overcome, how about reaching
Out to Pulitzer Kendrick Lamar ? Oprah
Will also help, especially 2 Starbucks
Gentlemen customers!

And now we know this Memo was 100% correct and you are the liar  and continue to lie!
You can play Pinocchio in the next movie production!!
You're a criminal and I see those bags under your eyes are telling you you can't sleep!!!
Did you reach your decision on HRC before or after interviewing her??? 
You were under oath! You LIED! 
But now you're telling us the truth!!!
Yeah... Right!!!!!!!!!
Who paid for the dossier???????
Your number one deputy Andrew McCabe, has been fired for lying to the DOJ and has been referred for criminal investigation. He says you are lying. Both are likely true. You and your DOJ cabal have irrevocably destroyed confidence in the FBI and DOJ. Your trial and jail won’t fix.
You're confused as to what the FBI's mission is. It's good that you are no longer there to influence the good men and women serving America.
This didn't age well
You are such a lying HACK!!!!
Don’t you think you should have told DJT that he was being investigated based on a fake dossier funded by HRC? Hmmm?
Some reason I don’t think it’s going to be able to dig him self out of the pile of shit he created ? @FBI @FBIMostWanted @FiredFBIBoss @realDonaldTrump
Clinton money still coming in?
It's the "in" thing to do in the media now, bludgeon Jim Comey. This is an extension of scapegoat mentality fostered & utilized by Trump since he has no capacity to speak w/ insight or intellignce. You've been boldly brave, Mr. C in thought, deed & now on Paper for all to read.
Do you actually think that American People are stupid? Seems to me you "DOTH PROTEST TOO MUCH". ON & ON & ON. YOU'RE FIRED, SO GO TO THE WILDERNESS & MEDITATE ON HOW YOU MESSED UP!!!!!!!
Liberal Logic 101:

Jim Comey’s world

McCabe “Lies” = Victim

Trump “Lies”    = Mentally Unfit 

Clinton “Lies”  =  PRESIDENT!

In Jim Comeys world Clinton/DNC pay for OPO research using “Russian” spies in his mind POTUS doesn’t need to know. #SlimeBallComey #FBICorruption #MAGA
You’re leaving because you are responsible for the lies and deceit that was exposed about the Burea being politicized on your watch, and you will always be a seen as part of the corruption. You lied to Congress and us but worse you sold your soul to obama &AG. Shamed FBI workers.
Obviously writing about YOURSELF! You destroyed American trust!
The evidence against Hillary was powerful, overwhelming evidence under a variety of statutes. She broke the law. If you Comey cleared her for political reasons, that's obstruction of justice. You are a disgrace to the FBI and America.
Trump 2020
No doubt they must
POINT IS YOU DO NOT DO YOUR JOB!
HEAR! HEAR!
Yes, they should.  Unfortunately it seems you’re not the only criminal still slithering the halls.
They must! But with honesty,morality and transparency! Not lying and hiding!
Here’s the IG’s report! It looks like the Suits destroyed the trust of we the people by Lying! If any of us did what you did we’d put locked up! 
https://static01.nyt.com/files/2018/us/politics/20180413a-doj-oig-mccabe-report.pdf …
@Comey is a disgrace to the FBI the office of the POTUS You put your finger on the scale bc you thought HRC would win & you didnt want to be fired so you gave her a pass anyone else prison U let your agents down the American ppl most of all your country now you want to profit sad
That hit job you tried on TV towards our president was a new low.  You sound like a WOMAN scorned!! You and stefanopolous talking about presidents physical appearance,his sex life? Now everyone you know what 8th grade girls talk about in the bathroom. Disgusting, embarrassment!
We need to protect the FBI.  All the sudden the DOJ is corrupt and it happens to be at the same time they are investigating the President?  I don't think so.  Thank you DOJ for all that you do.  I don't believe the rants.
Your cover-up of facts and poor judgement cost taxpayers. YOU could have come clean,  we gave you plenty of chances. You chose your path,  and it leads you to #GITMO
Are you kidding me Trust that's rich bud
The lies came from you and mccabe

You finally said something that makes sense.
That’s it?
The Truth Always Reveals Itself Eventually.
And you must keep doing your job by writing another bestseller!!!
Don't forget you. You ruined the Integrity of the @FBI also
So James Comey can READ TRUMP'S MIND, then DETERMINE INTENT and write a book about it,... but he cannot see intent when Hillary Clinton DESTROYS 33,000 SUPEONED EMAILS and SMASHES ALL OF HER STAFF'S PHONES & COMPUTERS WITH A CLAW HAMMER? #LOL #FakeBook
STOP talking about our president! You don't like him,we don't like you! We're taking it personal.  Every time you talk bad about our president your talking down 1/2 the people of this country.
YOU should know all about mob bosses. You've worked for some,friends with some!  Not fooling anybody anymore#MAGA
Disgraceful
Drain the swamp @DOJ & @FBI!
No you and your colleagues ruined that. This is America pal you people work for us and when you are crooks we need to know and get you people out. Can’t wait till your in jail
I'm shocked daily by Nunez attempt to protect DT instead of the American people. It goes on and is unchecked. House colluding with DT
Nunez is an American Hero!!
this is it!

How dare you. You are the most dishonest of them all. We know it. You aren't fooling anyone. Not at all
