Proud of my home state, and for you as well. Congratulations.
Keeping up with you from Tennessee! Congratulations and Go BUCS!
I would love this 100 times if I could!!!
you got a lot of votes! Your such a wonderful Senator 
you are an inspiration thank you for your service!!!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott . It's an honor to have an amazing Godly man like you representing me in the senate! SC is blessed to have you!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott for your representation of the people of SC.
our pleasure.
We love you Senator Tim Scott
please consult nurses for all Health care issues you encounter
GD bless you sir. YOU are amazing! YOU are an inspiration! YOU are America!!! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump give this man a job
follow back!!!
CONGRATS SPECIAL!
WHAT GOD HAS FOR U IS STILL FOR U!! ASK FOR IT!
BE BLESSED TO KNOW THERE IS A BLESSING IN THE PRESSING!LU
Proud to vote for you Senator Scott.  I met you at the "We Stand with God" really in Columbia and was really impressed.
congratulations!
Congratulations Senator Scott!
Great work Senator. Another 4 years for USA to look forward with you. Americans will always get it done. Thank you Sir. 
tell republicans in congress this is there time. if in 2 years , not better responsibility in spending and less gov,blow it
Congratulations Senator.
Congrats Senator Scott.
Thank you, Mr. Scott! You represent our great state with dignity and class. Kudos to you and your campaign!
Congratulations!
we are honored. And proud you are representing us #prayingforyou. #soexcited
@DSand_2_ I'm a big fan of yours, SenatorScott! #proudtobesouthcarolinian
Congratulations!
Congratuations Senator Scott 
Been to Woodruff lately? :)
Thank you for serving well... with integrity, a rare trait these days.
You are very welcome.
@GureckiTed  your a gentleman of the south
congrats from NYS Tim. #GOP
congratulations on your win!
Congrats! Proud to call you my Senator!
so happy for u!
You're a class guy, proud to have you in Government 
: #Congratulations Sir ! Much #respect !
Go Get 'Em!! @SenatorTimScott
Congratulations Senator Scott!  May your term be fruitful for SC and America!
when will you be running for prez? #thepeoplewanttoknow
stay the course.
thank you for what you do for this great state!
Well deserved. You are a good man
congratulations indeed. Now that we have a Republican majority....please work harder than ever to fix America and MAGA
congrats! Best of luck in the Senate!
we love you
Thank u Republican leaders for coming homeLesson to keep, if u want to win ? Be bold , and big 
congratulations Senator!
confident you will lead with class and dignity for the benefit of all. Glad to see SC is sending you back to DC.
Congratulations Sir, you are an asset to the Senate and a great patriot God Bless You
well you're the best senator we ever had 
YW...keep doing the fantastic job you have been.  We love you here in SC
congratulations!  Will continue to lift you up in prayer
congratulations!
Congratulations @SenatorTimScott we all love you here in South Carolina

#KindnessMatters
But, Senator, @paulkrugman tells us that America is fundamentally racist. How could you have possibly gotten elected in SC?
I'm guessing it's because those uneducated republicans believe he's just really tan! Haha
Glad you won reelection Senator Scott!
Congrats! I'm excited to see how you & your colleagues will help our country. The pressure's on & we're counting on you! :)
Congratulations Senator! We're counting on you! #DrainTheSwamp
We are happy to have you. We know you are going to work hard at ending the damage of so many years.
Please, guide us well. Many of us are truly afraid.
You're welcome. You had it locked up anyway :)
congrats from Oregon
thank you! The people of South Carolina are lucky to have you, sir!
you are the best..glad I could vote for you
Congratulations and all the best to you, Senator!
Congratulations, Senator Scott!
Congratulation Senator!
