Bring a pocketknife thru TSA checkpoint, end up in jail. Hillary puts entire nation @ risk, ends up Dem nominee! How?!
Cause Dems, elected pols and their voters, have no moral compass.
Apparently both sides dont.
I am not defending a liar who compromised classified info
so you wouldn't defend bush, rove, cheney, etc either?
Defend them for what?
same thing, though technicians found they deleted over 5 million emails.
Comey said she wasn't indicted because there was no precedent of it happening before. You say there is. So indict.
what if Obama causes a crisis to stay in office using the 30,000 refugees
no reasonable prosecutor = to big to jail = #CAIR #CFR & #ClintonFoundation have most gov involved
@LionelMedia Great! And let's go after Powell and Rice too! And the Bush admin missing e-mails. Bring it on.
Powell and Rice did not set up illegal servers to avoid FOIA requests and then lie about it.
not illegal. Try again.
The extent Dems go through to protect her is astounding. Like a virus, she infects morals.
Just facts. Don't like them, too bad.
Comey laid out some pretty juicy facts.  I am sure the ads are already in planning.
@HerringLiz @SenatorTimScott @LionelMedia
Yeah. Right.  You know classified and unclassified info don't travel on the same network.
Thank you, Senator! Fully agree! #HRCAboveTheLaw
@Coondawg68 It'll only stop when they're gone – and they've already spawned >
WHOSE YO DADDY?
Your cognitive dissonance coping skills are impressive; same for your supporters here.
So, you attack Scott and find it acceptable she compromised top secret info bc she wanted to hide from FOIA.
Your 3 hyperbolic responses prove my point re/CD maladaptive coping skills. AKA fingers in ears.
What happened to OJ's reputation after he was found not guilty?  People don't like it when the rule of law is trashed.
LOL OJ turned out to actually BE a criminal. HRC is not.
I held a TS clearance and my folks provided email & Internet. Comey revealed plenty of violations. Hillary was treated differently
No diff than previous Secys of State
The info Comey revealed if applied would result in her loss of clearance, loss of gov job, and jail time.  Proves incompetence.
so what are you all going to do about it?This administration has run all over the people and constitution.no one cares!!
@UTHornsRawk @downeypatti No one should be surprised the Clinton's are the best criminals in American history.
Too late! The law is a joke and everyone knows it. Why respect it? @SenatorTimScott @JackieKPGH
@johneebegood2 the Rules have ALWAYS BEEN DIFFERENT for the Clintons.  Remember the 1990s.
@TFinn82 
Executive branch is way too powerful & unaccountable
Restore constitutional balance
Vote #GovGaryPres2016
#ccot
Thank you. @SenatorTimScott @Coondawg68
@realDonaldT Please call Trump. Sent your name to T.for consideration as VP. We need a man as talented & honorable as u r.
 PATRIOT!!! 
@TimothyLShull We need to hear more from Sen Scott
Thanks for your service Senator !
@FLNJItalia312
From Whitewater to Lewinsky to Clinton Foundation to Benghazi to Emails ... They are Untouchable
@carolinagirl63 Nice. Now, what are you prepared to do?
@carolinagirl63 http://christiantimesnewspaper.com/breaking-romanian-hacker-with-access-to-clinton-emails-found-dead-in-jail-cell/ …
a pundit told us on Friday to expect this
how many others have been using  private emails that work in Washington. It has to stop for everyone.
thanks for always taking a stand for what is right. Stay strong, there are Americans who appreciate your efforts. 
what recourse do we have as the American people?
@realDonaldTrump Would be a great VP choice, and I'm not even from South Carolina!
how do u fight corruption that entrenched & powerful? Is there a legal way or will we b forced 2 comply or fight like 1776?
and how many emails did President Bush misuse and destroy? But your stance is not political
Maybe #TarmacGate was for Bill to give Lynch his "Naughty" List...
She paid less for her carelessness with US intelligence than I paid for a late parking ticket. We are enraged.
Then talk to Congress about appointing a Special Prosecutor for this very reason!!!
Oh, Timmy. do you not know that Comey is republican?  As was a maj. of the Benghazi-boo committee? Your comrades found ZIP.
rules? Try laws. People have done serious time for far less. But what do us little people know.
She doesn't give a damn about America.
It is time to end the partisan witch-hunt and move on.
No. It is only beginning. We don't tolerate corrupt politicians who compromise top secret info and lie.
You tolerated Bush's Administration, Reagan's Administration...etc. What changed?
Tolerated what?
@SoldiersMomTX Yes and I wish someone could put a stop to this misconduct that goes unpunished!!!!Really sick of cheaters!
@hughhewitt Senator, I'm a fan, but that font is a crime, man.
As she tout's how the rich shouldn't play by one set of rules and the rest of us another!
@kgarrison damn american people. DEMAND OUR LAWS BE UPHELD,  EGYPT DID ,R AMERICANS TOO COWARDLY
@hughhewitt We have entered a time when the king and his favored aristocrats are again above the law. So much for 1776.
@PMgeezer why do we have to follow any laws?
But you won't support Donald Trump, so you will see a far far left SCOTUS if HRC is elected and more wheeling and dealing.
@hughhewitt Please Senator Scott, redeem this country for the people.
@hughhewitt well said.  Even Comey admitted that statutes were violated
It's not a laughing matter!
https://youtu.be/u3DOEHuQiAM  via @YouTube
Fight the Good fight, finish the Race, and Keep the Faith.
@hughhewitt Mere words. Senator, will you actually move to appoint a special prosecutor? If not, mere words.
@postandcourier Toe that line, Tim. Toe that line...
you're absolutely correct please get behind trump
Different rules apply for federal officials.

The Silverlining of punishment assesses public justice for the 4 lifes lost
2. FBI said no reasonable prosecutor would bring charges. Stop misleading your constituents.
Anybody who had stayed in a Holiday Inn Express last night would be smart enough to prosecute.
1. FBI said Possible some may hav gained access via other people's accts, but no evidence .
They also said that their is no way for them to be able to tell for sure if her server was breached.
Good luck in making that happen... I'm pulling for you Senator Scott!!
Thanks for recognizing double standard. People need to feel the laws are meant for all or chaos will result. #BadPrecedent
Someone needs to put Comey on the hot seat!
I so agree with you. When Clinton climbed on that plane the fix was in. God help us!
Imagine #ExtremelyCarelessHillary in control of the Nuclear Football. #Oops
@weeki1 They can still redeem themselves by revoking her ALL security clearances & render her ineligible for President.
If she is elected, nobody can revolk her clearance. She is ultimate authority.
then help TRUMP and AMERICA get behind him 100%
this is a complete miscarriage of Justice
