even if you are pro-abortion, at 5 months, it's pretty hard not to consider it to be an itsy bit like murder, no?
this is 20 after fertilization not conception.
yeah but there's no test for fertilization. Only conception. So effectively this makes this a 16-18 week ban.
on the upside, it doesn't meet the viability standard in Roe so it's just wasting taxpayer money.
of course, which is what conservatives do.  And invade our privacy, and tell us about morals while cheating on their spouses.
if they actually cared about life they'd do *anything* about the reasons women seek abortion. But they only care about control
like keep their dick in their pants.
that's women's work, I'm told.
let people live man. Gtfo out of there lives
yeah I know, finally the child can have a fair birth without someone's selfish act changing that
ever meet a woman pregnant with a child that won't survive birth and they have to carry it, dead, to term?
in case of rape, incest, health and safety of the mother, then there should be options, not those just for convenience sake
NOBODY has an abortion after 20 weeks for convenience. Thats all typically done between 6-12. We know when we're pregnant...
...and many of us immediately know what we want or need to do. Nobody waits around for 4.5 months to decide what to do...
some fatal defects aren't able to be seen til ~20 weeks, so this law is literally designed just to torture women.
how do they know the exact date of fertilization?
@pollbuster she's just another one of the GOP boys....
20 weeks is too long of a time for an abortion to take place.We need to work towards switching RoeVWade and make it totally illegal
it is the time when women find out if they have a fetal abnormality that is severe enough to warrant ending the pregnancy
20 weeks is 5 months. The fetus is over half way produced. Why would they abort the baby just because they are abnormal?
it would encompass a fetus not being viable, meaning a birth defect so severe that it wouldn't survive beyond birth
You're forgetting that there is always a chance at survival and that the fetus is still a living person. Just unborn.
@amandacarpenter 20 weeks is extremely late!!!
nothing unexpected from Republican trash.
this law will likely change after SC see zika. Thanks GOP for not caring.
yea! So many enlightened men telling women what to do. #America
@Tinawanis Go, Nikki!
Enough of this crap. Women know when to have children & when not, given their circumstances. That decision is part of mothering.
based on NO scientific data!!  Very bad day again for science!!
A conservative state is a backward state. Nothing new is learned here.
@SenatorTimScott So "conservatives" are good with abortions up to 20 weeks??? Way to give in...FAIL!
now that I'm OK with.  Oklahoma's attempt to subvert federal law, not so much.
@pollbuster As a female governor does Haley have to work at $0.78 cents on the dollar of what a white male restroom-patrolling GOP gets?
I don't think so
Oh great--more govt intrusion into women's reproductive decisions; GOPs idea of small govt
5 months pregnant. 5 months. That is when the baby can feel the pain of being ripped apart alive. Let than sink in.
Doctors rarely perform abortions after  20 weeks. If so, procedure ( usually surgery) comes down to life saving decision re: the mother.
@AP
... He must be so proud of himself.
I bet @CecileRichards head is spinning like something out of The Exorcist right now.

Would love to be a fly on the wall to see it. 

@AP
thank you!
we might have to move there
@nikkihaley thank you.
Sadly the liberal courts will find away to get this law removed. No one wants to protect life anymore. Just find reasons to destroy it.
Good for her!!
Illegal law!
It's better than some places which don't allow any abortions. 20 weeks is a long time. What about medical reasons though?
@TheJeffBenedict Murder
good
@amandacarpenter With the classic gay marriage wedge dead, they are bringing back abortion issue. Well, that and bathrooms.
Oh, dear gawd.  Why hath you forsaken us?  We need to be able to rip our babies out at any point of our convenient choosing!
@amandacarpenter ...joining most of the civilized world. Even the freaking Netherlands stops it after 22-24 weeks.
Good for you Nikki. I think this I a step in the right direction.
If you can't make a decision until the child has arms,legs, hands & can feel pain something is dramatically wrong with you.
@FCN2go  20 wks is along time to carry a baby feeling and hearing the heartbeat  knowing the sex of baby on a ultrasound Very sad topic
Amen
Hillary says Haley is "aborting" the dreams of all those who will be denied an abortion of a human.
Good for her, it won't go anywhere though.
@AP
@AP
I think it's a compromise. If the baby is at 5 months it's past the halfway point
what is wrong with that? 20 weeks?! Have you seen an ultrasound at 20 weeks? Got damn! #stopit
in the south anti-abortion = pro-gun.... in the north we do abortions = dont need guns
amen!
@jimw81 never trust an Egg
Here we go again ...
early abortion is one thing but does nobody see the lunacy of an abortion at the 6 month mark and beyond?
http://www.prochoiceamerica.org/media/fact-sheets/abortion-bans-at-20-weeks.pdf …
@nikkihaley thank you! For having the courage to do what's right! I pray groups will come together 4 moms that don't want their babies
great lets have more unwanted children
Hey confederate cocksuckers. President Abe Lincoln freed the slaves from being breeding capital. @AP @potus @SCOTUSblog
South Carolina Governatore Nikki Haley ha firmato la legge che vieta la maggior parte degli aborti a 20 settimane dopo la fecondazione @ap
So much for the semi-feminist, socially liberal Nikki Haley stage
their *
and there she goes. Well, she had a good run of being fairly close to center. All good things must end.
Actually its the same limit that they have in Europe
which South Carolina and many other conservative states routinely deny access to.
See you in Federal Court, fair lady.
idiot.
Illegal.
not true. Once you reach fetal viability--according to SCOTUS-- it is okay to make abortion illegal.
which is at 26 weeks minimum, not 20 weeks. Also at issue is "beyond fertilization" which doctors can't determine
23 No. There is no set "time" that it is viable. Anything between 20-26 weeks is about right.
with the most advanced medical technologies 23 weeks is pushing it. Should I bill you if forced into carrying/birth?
