Fuck you Tim.
how racist
Yup.  That's right.  I'm racist.
honestly the Dems are blaming the GOP more than ISIS and it's sickening. You ought to be ashamed.
the only shame that should be felt is by those who have the ability to legislate common sense gun laws & don't.
democrats use this event to further their agenda and they will NOT succeed in ripping up the constitution.
Child, the constitution was not written with Assault weapons in mind.
conspire against the constitution to get whatever they want. Absolutely no respect.
Why are you expressing such sympathy...you voted against the bill that could help prevent these atrocities. You love NRA 
I like what you have to say but the egg next to your name strains your cred.
Oh. That is an organic egg.
Got it! Cage-free? 
Absolutely!
YOU VOTED AGAINST THE BILL THAT WOULD HAVE KEPT THIS MAN FROM BUYING WEAPONS!  SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
keep cashing those checks from the @nra Americans keep dying
u take #NRA $ & voted against bill to stop terrorists from legally buying guns. Blood on your hands.
"Gay Days" in Orlando should be fun! Can't wait for that one!
You've accepted thousands of dollars in NRA blood money.
How are you going to do that? By promoting gun control?
Prove your words w/ actions. Renounce the @NRA, return their $13K donations (gifted to you) & begin voting for our safety!
you have blood on your hands for accepting money from NRA
You took $13,000 from the #NRA. On this subject, you are nothing by a lobbyist. You're ok with murdered people - admit it.
I wonder if the 13,000 is going to be used to help clean the blood off your hands #prayercanthelpnow #onlyaction
vote him out!
You got $13,400 from @NRA and voted against bill to stop terrorists from buying guns
You allowed this to happen. You voted to allow this man to have a gun.
You made it easier for them. Shame on you. How much was your soul worth?
don't let these haters bother you. Most of them don't even understand due process.
maybe some policy change is in orders to stop gun massacres
Even terrorism against LGBTs? Just asking bc YOU VOTE AGAINST LGBTs every single time.
You left out "thoughts and prayers".  If you don't follow the NRA script they won't send you any more campaign cash.
You voted against a bill to stop people on terrorism watch lists from buying guns. You have blood on your hands.
how can we come together when you continue to enable mass shootings with your blood money from the NRA?
Didn't you take money from the @NRA? Lying loser and hypocrite.
It's not terror. Just like the church killing in your state -- it's a hate crime, made possible by guns.
NRA blood money. I hope you are voted out of office.
So what are you doing to rid the US of the KKK?  What are you doing to stop christian terrorism in the US?
You are a hypocrite, you are a stain on the history of this great nation and you will be voted out of office forthwith sir.
Because of corrupt Republicans like @SenatorTimScott accepting huge donations of #GunMoney we allow and encourage more tragedies to occur.
Shame on you for helping make it so easy for terrorists to acquire the weapons they use to slaughter innocent Americans.
please pass common sense gun reforms supported by majority of voters.
.@SenatorTimScott, this would be laughable if it weren't so sad. You've voted w/ anti-LGBTQ @FRCdc 100% of the time!
Time to vote against all GOP who block common sense gun legislation. There is NO excuse except their own fear of the #NRA
No- you are united wig NRA with your fellow NRA whores
u can't undo what you've done to afford shooters opportunities like this, so what r U going to do about it now? #prevent
No we r not united. Not until u stand up to the NRA and make sure tougher gun laws r passed. How hard is that?
.@SenatorTimScott You had a chance to stop this last December. You did nothing. Now There's blood on your hands. #toolate #Orlando
Thoughts & Prayers are NOT enough.
#voteforguncontrol
Please do something to #EndGunViolenceNOW
STOP voting with the @NRA in your back pocket. Your votes have been bought and you're NOT serving your constituents. #fraud
Send the $13k you rec'd from the @NRA to the #Orlando families who lost loved ones in the #PulseShooting.
You voted to let terrorists like the Orlando shooter get guns. You're partially responsible for the murders. Shame on you.
2012 you said don’t rush to judgement. How many more people have to die before we ban assault weapons. #PulseShooting
@postandcourier will you unite against the epidemic of gun violence in this country?
Take more blood money from the NRA?
Your $13,400 in NRA blood money says we won't
resign. You're responsible for this.
what have you don't to prevent It? Pass gun leg? Background checks? But you'll pocket NRA money tho right?
you took 13,500'from NRA, you need to join with public that wants gun control #GunWhore
does the NRA $ do anything to "unite" us? Do your job. #NRApaidforyourtweet
@NRA funded. What is your price for responsible gun legislation?
Enjoying your @NRA contributions Senator?
end the #TerrorGap now.
@postandcourier u r a useless, impotent embarrassment, a total GOP p.o.s.
#doyourjob
say this out loud: "Gays and lesbians were Murdered!" Or are you too coward?  #wearenotinvisible
Do it by renouncing the evil that is the NRA and support sensible gun control.
your NRA money and your vote allowed this tragedy to happen.
stop letting terrorists have guns, then.
plenty of us are united against gun violence. Where are you? In the NRA's pocket. Hypocrite.
United against terror? What about united against gun violence, against automatics & semis, etc
Hypocrite. Abdicate your position.
Does this mean you will be leading the fight for action against gun violence? I hope so.
You are responsible.
how about you donate that 13K you got from the NRA to the victims' families or the LGBT community?
Too bad the NRA blood money you pocket will prevent any meaningful action from you.
You took $13K from the NRA. What would it take to buy your vote for sensible gun laws that would save lives? #gunsense
You take $13000 from NRA but blame terrorists for shootings? You voted to allow terrorists to have guns.  #BeAshamed
this crime wouldn't happen without a legally obtained murder weapon
Unite for common sense gun legislation.  Known terrorists can legally get guns. Ashamed of your inaction and NRA love.
The real concern is if you #DoYourJob and pass #guncontrol legislation. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Will we be coming together before or after you go collect your check from #NRA? Your thoughts and prayers:#useless.
lax guns laws that you are responsible for allowed him to by guns 2 weeks ago even though he was on the terror watch list
please have the courage to stand up to the NRA and ban assault rifles
The NRA have paid him over $13,000. How could he stand up to them?
Sorry Sir but as long as we allow Libs  to keep destroying our Country we will never be united
@DDpan time for action is overdue. Make it harder for people to own guns that can kill so many so quickly. #EndGunViolence
too bad we don't have a legislative body that can restrict assess to assault weapons. Oh ... http://tmi.me/1feqUJ 
you voted against denying ppl on the FBI's watch list access to guns. Hope that $13.5k from the NRA soothes your conscience
Mandatory draft into well regulated militia all, ALL gun owners. Fingerprints,license. Psych evaluation. Insurance.
May the $13,400 you received from the NRA provide comfort in this difficult time.
thank you for admitting that hate murders are terrorism. #BloodOnYourHands
$13,000 from the NRA. Read this. Now. And every time your phone rings I hope it haunts you.
.@SenatorTimScott Remember when you voted against a bill to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns? That helped the shooter.
GUN CONTROL
wait my brother didn't you just get over 13,000 from the NRA... But your prayers are enough y'all politicians
Will we be coming together before or after you spend the $13,000 the @NRA gave your campaign?
= fucking hypocrite
The blood is on your hands, Senator. You feed your face with NRA money and we get slaughtered for it.
Their Blood is on Your Hands Senator stop taking the damn Bloody Money from the NRA
against *homophobia
You need to get Urself square & openly behind Trump if you want to keep your SC seat! You've been a disappointment!
Mr Scott, we do not want Muslim in SC. We will keep our right to arms to protect ourselves as law abiding true Americans
You, your fellow republican goons, and the NRA caused this.  Their blood is on your hands.
How about Stealth Muslim Brotherhood infiltration of the U.S. Government at all levels??
we have got to figure  this gun thing out.
I'm getting tired of uniting  in terror.
. Help pass sensible gun legislation.
