You represent ALL in this state including those who marched to oppose gov't. control of our bodies.
to prevent illegal abortions, plz vote for health care, sex education, and birth control resources for all
why art you protecting lives at the airport
every life? Or are Christian lives far more precious than Muslim lives?
Life does matter. So post birth will you support single mothers and children living in poverty? Defund PP & prenatal care.
no if course they don't no ACA. Tim Scott shameful
Valuing life includes valuing education for all students.
so that means you are also supporting gov't sponsored food, education and housing programs for these children too, right?
I am a constituent!
Love the selective "representation" from SC legislators. Guess all your constituents who marched last week don't count.
Except once babies r born, you don't want to pay for Healthcare or education, family leave, equal pay for mother..hypocrit!
BTW, pro choice folks r pro-life...but women should have free access2 birth control2  reduce unwantd pregnancies/abortions!
banning refugees? The men, women and children who *most* need help? What an immoral nation we are becoming. Jesus weeps.
Did you miss the #womensmarch ?????
Abortion is not a decision that comes lightly to any woman. But that is their decision not the governments.
even the lives of refugee children? Your "half in half out" morals are tiresome.
if you truly feel every life is precious -- put our children first and reject Betsy Devos #noDevos
Please vote no on DeVos. She is unqualified
what about refugee lives? You were my senator not long ago, my husband worked at @CSUNIV your silence is shameful
you say "every life is previous" so guess you are rethinking your support of refugee ban?
Will you also fight for prenatal, healthcare for POOR women!
My wife & eldest are there representing many of us!
If you truly believe that every life is precious, then what about the lives of refugees and immigrants? #stopMuslimBan
Seriously? You support a president who will be responsible for the deaths of Syrian children?
Abortion bans don't ban abortions. The ban safe ones. Women will seek unsafe abortions and will likely die because of it.
. How many children have you adopted?
#marchforlife True Fact: No group does more to prevent unintended pregnancies&the need for abortion than Planned Parenthood
so then we are working towards abolishing the death penalty? #marchforlife
except the mother's life/health are 2nd to people who aren't Drs they would be angry if I decided their personal healthcare
did you vote for ACA that protects mothers healthcare for pregnancies and birthing?  No?  Hypocrite
i march for womens rights.Not male senators writing legislation. 70% of population agrees w me. Stop killing mothers.
Thank you, Senator Scott
in February of 1973 my birthmother put me up for adoption if the original Argument went through I might not. #MarchForLife
That's so great that you think every life is precious! You're including Syrian refugees in that sentiment, right?
every life? like the ones you won't vote to expand healthcare too? like the ones who will die without it?
nice hypocriting
unless they need access to food, housing, education and healthcare then they and their families are on their own #acaworks
With no major media coverage for the weeks leading up to it. I'm pro-choice but still see the entrenched bias. #MediaBias
thats cute that you think hundreds of 1000s showed up try tens of thousands and thats being generous, your cause is weak
you become "pro-birth", not "pro-life".
and they kill women
wants forced to be born? Life doesn't end at birth, and without a plan for what happens after...
how about sponsoring a bill that provides for feeding, clothing and educating the children the "right to life" movement
If every life is precious, will you be voting against repealing the ACA? B/c repeal and millions of Americans will die.
more amazing were the MILIIONS OF WOMEN  who marched for rights that you want to remove. Roe v wade you lost get over it
this is great news! Looking forward to your legislation to help single mothers like affordable care, living wages, etc!
if every life is precious I hope you vote against every war and every execution

Unless you are pregnant. Then, your life is not so precious at all. You have zero rights.
nor a word about the Woman's March. Hypocrisy at it's best
thank you! We are here from @SJCS_Greenville at the #MarchforLife2017 #iStand4Life
@SenatorTimScott Curious, do you also support ACA and provision of perinatal care? Healthcare for child after birth?
until those "lives" need support and then you just leave them on the side of the road.

not a word about the Woman's March. We will remember
how about the millions that marched for woman's rights
@BrentBozell The #LittlestHumans thank you.
why is your phones always busy? Why are you hiding from the people of SC? Your a rubber stamp and that is all
where was your support for the #WomensMarch? When will you announce that you won't vote for DeVos? I'd like some answers.
if you're so pro life then why are you against affordable health care and Medicaid expansion in SC? 
hope you were just as amazed last Saturday as well!
Hmmm, not sure where you get "hundreds of thousands" figure but let's see what happens this year.
If you value their lives, then don't gamble with their education.  SC Votes NO on Betsy DeVos!  #Resist
Where was your welcome when 600,000+ women marched (many from $#SC)  last weekend in the same winter? #charleston
until they want to go to school, then you vote for the least qualified person possible for Sec. Of Ed.
then lets save as many Syrian refugees as possible #MarchForLife
