Please vote against the AHCA. This is wrong.
you're a great man, you look for what's right not color and I commend you for that
Madam:  Did you just arrive here from another moon!  So, he's right about the ACA was an ineffective use of taxpayers $?
any short comings u c in this -- no worries just keep screwing the ill and elderly like u did with trumpcare - we dont have a pray
Great job @SenatorTimScott. Keep up the good work.
Thank you so much for looking out for us!!!!!
Let's see how you vote on this healthcare reform.  That's a true test of your moral character.
I hope you will stop the @GOP socialized healthcare. This is the promise  to repeal #Obamacare?!?!? Everything else they do is worthless now
Introduce legislation then.
The Senator does not know how to introduce legislation. He just waits to be told what to do. Very disappointing.
Another African American Puppet who will go along with whatever ole slick & sly McConnell throws out!  Shame on u TS for just Rhetoric!
However you failed to mention that with #HR2192 you are exempt from the #AHCA and are still on #Obamacare...

Represent your constituents.
So Obamacare is an ineffective way to spend taxpayer's money...place your efforts in making healthcare affordable for all in a fair manner!
You've got some orange Cheetoh dust right there... right on the tip of your nose and around your mouth. #WipeYourFace
Question My son was in the hospital for a month. According to insurance company I am responsible for 30% How is Trump bill going to help me?
So you don't think you should pay anything? 
Check that follower of Christ. Did you miss compassion, taking care of your neighbor and helping those in need at Sunday School class?
Sir, sadly to say, clowns can't model behaviors reflected biblically! They believe that they awaken themselves each morning & not our Maker!
Please #DefundPlannedParenthood in the Senate. #VoteLIFE #ChooseLIFE #PPSellsBabyParts #Humanity #EndAbortion #ProLifeGeneration
Tim: Why do you think every Western democracy chose to not attempt healthcare through the "free market"? Are you at least curious???
No.  He's strictly a token yes-man for the gop. As long as he gets his, he doesn't give a rip abt others. He's all (worthless) talk.
Senator I hope you vote against the AHCA as it is. The sick and vulnerable should not suffer in America. This is still America, right?
I guess you must want the people that don't have any insurance Co in there area like Iowa to just die, you must be liberal.
I think they should be negotiating with insurance companies, not taking coverage away from vast numbers of Americans. Give us what they have
You are my Senator,  keep up the good work.
Vote against this HCB from the house. You messed up on that Sessions AG vote.
Thank you, Senator!
What would it take to get a real budget in place? Seriously, CR after CR is not how this country should be running.
Is our military inefficient we spend more $ then the next 9 countries combined #justsayin stronger US doesn't mean bigger guns
At vote against the replacement health care bill tomorrow.
Thank you Senator Scott.
Thank you Senator Scott. You are a good man. What you say is 100% correct.
Thank you, @SenatorTimScott!!!
Typical.  You really have no clue about what is best for this country and the people who can vote for you.
Yes health care for the poor is truly a waste of tax payer money. We should let them die.
Thank You Senator.  We need to see you on TV & Radio more often
You seriously disappoint us with your votes Sir. I am sure that you will be voting to take healthcare away from the poor and the sick. SAD!
Constituent here, thanks
thanks for this.  Would have been ok with me if the govt shut down
So you are ok with people that have federal contracts, hired employees, did the work and then do not get paid. That is idiotic.
Thank you
More respect for you than Nikki Haley, Senator
Make sure next budget is REAL not more of the same!!!!
I suppose you wanted money for the wall? Is that an effective use of Federal funds?
Thank you, Sen. Scott. I appreciate you continuing to fight the good fight. Only wish you were my Sen.
Thank you sir.
You're the WORST senator EVER!your days are numbered!
Thank you , you and senator Paul are the best
good for you!  Keep up the good work. 
the funding for o-care you mentioned will go away with new health care bill coming through senate ,, so up to you senators to end
Of course you did, you just are bought.
So keep on doing what you guys do best? Getting nothing accomplished? I'm glad it passed today.
Proud of you. Keep up the good work. Any plans on making Shari Law illegal in the U.S? It can not coexist with American laws.
Congratulations Sen. Scott for standing up for the taxpayers. @WalshFreedom if you didn't know Sen. Scott is Black. That's a problem for you
As one of your constituents I believe this new healthcare Bill is unsatisfactory and I hope you see that it would hurt us. Please vote no.
Good to see Senators pushing against continual growth of govt. it's already too big
Good job! Get planned parenthood & sanctuary city $ out & language & $ included saying we want our borders secure that's what we asked for
Thank you Sen. Scott
I think the big fight is in September....Better to loose a battle today, allow the dems to show their cards, and win the war tomorrow!
There is no war. These are elected officials running a government. Try to think of this as the United States of America. #unity
Good job, Senator! I'm tempted to move to SC just so I can vote for you. :)
Thank you
Wasn't the Obamacare money already allocated (from last budget) money, so not new or more money?
Well done.
Wasn't the point to help us pay more affordable premiums. I need lower premium and I hope this helps
good for you!
So glad you didn't vote yes. Voting yes because a deadline is looming is not the right answer
We need a bigger military but not good healthcare? Hm. Oh, that's because military=cool and good healthcare=too many taxes for wealthy(you).
Why would you need the governments assistance to get good healthcare? Stealing labour/money from the rich to finance your stuff is immoral
Why would the spending bill include Obamacare when it will be repealed?
how do you propose those who make too much for Medicaid with no employer coverage pay for their medical treatments?
Thankyou Senator Scott!
Thank you Senator! You at least have standards!
How can democrats get everything, and republicans get nothing. SUch a pathetic bill. Things need to change. losing faith slowly.
Supporter and republican-are you working to end the legislative filibuster? Otherwise what's the plan- vote no on everything?@hughhewitt
thank you. Hopefully the rest of GOP wakes up. We have every form of govt ... why are we struggling to much to use common sense.
Good job Senator
I sure do hope you vote against this new Healthcare Bill that's coming to the Senate
Thank you Senator.
No fence?
Thank you for voting with your principles, Senator Scott.
Learn how to negotiate!
Thank you.
@potus I WANT TO SEE #BUILDTHEWALL. YOU PROMISED. So thanks @SenatorTimScott, that bill was #brokenpromises to the ppl... #betrayed
Good for you.
Yes. So either shut the givernment down or negotiate and learn how to compromise.
thank you!!
