you are a real hero
how are you doing this don't me asking
.@SenatorTimScott I support your right to opinion and reject abuse leveled at you. Yet you voted to silence a colleague. Why? #ShePersisted
Elizabeth Warren was warned, yet chose to ignore the warning. Sho got what SHE wanted. Think about it
.@msmagnolia @SenatorTimScott Maybe you’re right. She DID what she wanted, 10 million + people agreeing with her #MoralMarch #ShePersisted
.@SenatorTimScott All talk, no action. We're waiting for you back here in SC. You can't hide forever. #indivisible #voteout
Will you also make it harder for them to vote, through sneaky voter suppression laws? Maybe spend one day on that.
and then, hopefully , not to be called names and criticized for having achieved their dreams.
Kinda hard to believe anything you say after your approval of Sessions....
no you don't! You've been bought
, thank you. I'm not even in your State, but I don't care. Your efforts show and you are making a difference so, Thank You!
Sure you do! You had them in mind when you cashed that $49,000+ check in the bank. Nice, thoughtful you!
why DeVos?Why Sessions?There are no dreams associated with their views/values only despair/hurdles/roadblocks
They are great choices. The gov is not in "The Dream" business. Only you can make your dreams come true.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Dream?wprov=sfla1 … that's funny because that's the ethos of this country.  I presume only if you're white?
keep up the good work Senator!  The Lowcountry of SC supports you!
Vouchers for kids education & vocational training gets kids out of inner city poverty = Marketable skills!
Don't listen to all the liberal cry babies & intolerant left! Keep up the good work! #GOP
I second what Rahu says... if they are crying about it then your doing something right.
then i guess anti trumpers are doing something right since all he does is cry.
except when you vote for DeVos, vote to dismantle the ACA, vote to reduce the tax on the top 1%...
but do you really bc looks shifty from here
Thank you for setting a good example.
oh please. You delivered a great big FU to our children with your vote for DeVos. And Sessions, did u misplace your mind?
Maybe a better question is what did you personally gain by voting for DeVos and Sessions? Nothing for #WeThePeople
so explain why you voted AGAINST SC children in your support of a purchased Cabinet seat
so you chose a person whose educational experiences is literally  zero?  Great job. She is totally get her money's worth.
you LIAR. you voted for DeVos!
thank you Sir for your hard work and dedication it's not going unnoticed!
You are an inspiration for many! You have lots of fans..keep up the good work!
you are doing a great job and we appreciate everything you do. Thank you!
It's ANOTHER #ShowSenatorTimScottTheLoveDay! Let's show Sen.Tim Scott how much we appreciate his work! GREAT AMERICAN!
Unfortunately your recent actions prove you a liar.
40+ year Dem now party of LW  SOCIALIST's complicit with TEACH UNIONS causal to Inner City Ed THE Penal Servitude of DECAY.
thank you senator Scott
hard to believe since you voted for DeVos and Sessions
@CabbageTV Then why are you in the GOP which acts against those kids and for old rich white guys every day?
my family reached out for an intelligent De Vos vote. We'll work for and contribute to your opponent next election.
Thank you Senator. Keep up the great work.
Keep working Tim. You are a bigger man for it. Make a plea now, to stop the hate and come together. You have our attention.
I am horrified by the disgusting language that has been directed at you. Unnecessary, uncalled for, and simply gross.
you sir, are a great American and symbol of what is good about USA - faith, family, country!
Great job Senator.  We are proud of you standing up for what is right and needed in this country.
- you're a good man Senator.  Keep up the good fight!
Are YOU going to pay for poor kids to attend private schools? Obviously poor parents cannot.
bullshit. You work everyday for your donors not the people. #urhistory
.@SenatorTimScott Thank you from California!
Thank you!  Keep up the good work.
you inspire me.  God bless you.
not by supporting DeVos
OML, fabulous talk, but what are you accomplishing in Senate? What are you set to pass?
 @SenatorTimScott
it's always important to remember why you started your journey!!!!!
Their dreams of selling Amway or selling out??
to realize your dreams as an amway whip!
Your voting record says otherwise.
No - you sold them out to Betsy DeVos and her checkbook. #sellout #timscott #ShePersisted
What about health care, minimum wage law with a higher wage so these parents can make sure their kids have what they need?
a lot of people was in that boat.and that dream is not new i hope u and the  ones can make a differend,
we respect you totally! Keep up the great work!
don't let the name calling bother you I've been called words Mr Webster has not heard of. #ccot #tcot #MAGA #Trump
Then why are you such an ardent supporter of Trump??
Best to all
This is an invite to my middle school for a town hall to discuss with students why you voted for a racist & non-educator
so that they, too, can be paid off politicians?
yet you supported a nominee who was not remotely qualified for position and is in it only for profit...
You are a great man Tim!  Keep up the amazing positive influence over all the people you help. Don't let anyone stop u!!
You mean you work for them donations, please let me know how you are helping SC children.  #fraud
Thank you Senator Scott!
The man who defended fracking, the cause of OK earthquakes, to head Trump's EPA?
Trump's EPA Pick: Something Doesn't Add Up 
The man who defended fracking, the cause of OK earthquakes, to head Trump's EPA?
Trump's EPA Pick: Something Doesn't Add Up 
may God bless you every day
please stay strong white poor woman that made understand almost
You're an inspiration to us all. God bless you!
are you in favor of what Massie has proposed? Do you think that is good for SC?
Love You Keep Up The Great Work We Are Behind You.
from one  poor single parent kid 2 another - you let me down by your votes.  We did not succeed because of some billionaire
you fail to understand how Devos will ignorantly take any chance those poor single families had of a quality education.
Because Trump is the enemy. He is not a Progressive. Tolerance is a one-way street.
I'm a liberal, but I voted for you. Never again. You're just a politician, not an employee of the people of SC. Disgusted!
you are a beacon Senator Scott...if you build it, they will come
How does supporting someone who has no experience in public education help kids in public schools? You have failed us.
Dear Sen. Scott,
Please be our daddy.
Signed,
America
.@SenatorTimScott Thank you and thank God for you!
How??????????????????? By frying chicken and serving ice tea for DEVOS!!!!!!!!!! your the worse
Ignore the Soros-manipulated rage addicts, Senator. Your work is indispensable. @SenatorTimScott
First got to appreciate you on Sessions debate. Your work for kids is super!
I believe that's your intention, but you're elected to represent the will of your people. Listen to us. #Resist
And confirmation of Devos is to that end...I don't think so.
do you? You just voted to confirm DeVos who has ZERO interest in those kids. As a SC constituent, i will hold u accountable
And that's why you voted for a Sec of Ed that will push a voucher agenda which will decrease funding to public schools?
LOL
...Betsy DeVos...
Thank you for who you are and all you do! I am proud you are our Senator! Hold tight to what you believe. Praying for you!
I have no doubt you are a good man; I doubt your plans to your goal.  Some in your situation have more obstacles than you.
I appreciate that.  Please don't allow the ethical failures of our President go unnoticed. You also need to set an example
$49,200 made you vote for the opposite sir. AND then Sessions... :(
would love to see the tally of pro/con messages,  calls, emails.. regarding sessions and devos.  But that will never happen
you work every single day doing what the party tells you to do.
so defund public schools am I right?
taking away funds for public education is NOT the route to go. Neither is selling out to lobbyists. #soldusout #Publiced
citation needed
keep up the good work.
Don't take the opposition personally! The Left is unhinged. Know Thyself-we are proud of you and what you stand for.
You are truly a DIAMOND in a field of coal. Keep up the good work.
Well, your votes for Session and DeVos guarantee that won't happen.
Really?  Your recent votes suggest otherwise.
Please name one vote recently that suggests otherwise.
DeVos
If anything, BD shld give gr8 hope to poor families that they'll be able to get kids out of failing schools
In what way?  How can she relate!
Keep going
Your cabinet votes dont say that.
Name one meaningful policy initiative you pushed in the Senate that became law & benefits SC children. I'll wait #sctweets
Still waiting, huh?! @SenatorTimScott Enjoy this time. #2022 will be here all too soon.
And I will continue to wait. And protest. And call. And tweet. For as long as it takes. #resist
Oh, so will we, KT. So will we. He can run. But he can't hide forever.
2nd to income disparity in Horse Creek Valley area. when treated as 2nd class by school board, kids believe it.
in Aiken Co,. its the haves/have nots, snobs in AIken/N.Augusta get all,redrew lines so kids go to "better schools"1/2
we're with you.  You're on a great and important mission
You sir, are an amazing senator and I applaud your tireless work!
God bless you sir! Stay strong, fight the good fight.Dems will b out of business soon,
So do I, Senator. So do I, and every other taxpayer.
Thank you for your service and dedication to our country!  But I am from Louisiana and white LOL!!!
you are an inspiration to all people. God bless you. 
--I disagree with the AG, but I am sorry people expect you to be a liberal because you are black.  The tolerant =intolerant
@oreillyfactor #MainStreetUSA Thank you for What You do for SC.Important kids get educated and learn self rely & Not Gov't
Important for SC kids to have education and self reliance Knowing Gov't is Hand up: not handout way of life
@KellyannePolls @PressSec @McGarrySandy  #MainStreetUSA So proud of the JOB you do for USA-SC ! THANK YOU !
I grew up the same. We need to teach kids the value of working hard. With that you can accomplish any dream. Thanks Tim!
Me too! I built this for kids without equal access. Help expand High Quality Early Care & Education Real #infrastructure
hmmmm, she bought your vote?
You sir are doing well!  Keep up the good works your doing!
As American's we need finally do something. Now is finally the time.
I'm from Georgia, but if I lived in South Carolina you would definitely get my vote. Keep up the excellent work.
Thank you Mr. Scott.
I have so much respect for you. Keep up the great work.
Thank you!
You are a superstar & the future of the party. Keep up the great work!
I assume you went to public school?
then you should have opposed Devos, don't you think?
thank you senator
you missed a day this week when you voted for DeVos.
Stand strong and don't listen to the hateful comments.  You are doing good work.  God bless you.
And we the people of SC love you for it, Tim Scott. Keep the Faith, ignore the haters!
you are a great man!  Thanks for all you do!
Ppl should know by now- be faithful and steadfast to Ur needs - not political party need. Find the one shining on Ur need
I don't always agree with your politics but as a fellow CSU alum (98) I am glad you feel this way but your Sec Ed vote?????
Keep up your incredible work! So happy you're leading our country! Ignore the haters, you have much more supporters!
you're in the wrong party then
soo sorry about all the haters sir! Know that there are more good people than haters stay strong and thankyou
well.. that's not actually true. You work to satisfy the people who donate the most to your campaign. Like DeVos. $49,200.
you are a true example of a wonderful role model great Christian example 
As long as their hopes and dreams are to sell out for $50k and do whatever whiter people tell them to do.Just like you did.
God Bless you, your family & your staff!
.@SenatorTimScott Keep up the all that you do. This Marine is very proud of you sir. Stand Up against the hateful progressive movement.
We stand with you sir keep up all your great work #MAGA
thanks for being my senator... so proud of you
- Thank you for your integrity sir!  You are a credit to America and all humanity.
Proud of the work you do. Sad you are treated so harshly by some. Keep up the good work!
and by "hopes and dreams" do you mean receiving $49,200 in "donations" from an unqualified nominee for public office?

By selling your vote on Betsy DeVos.. we will remember.
We're with you @SenatorTimScott The abuse you get by Black Dems is a result of public education. They can't debate, so they namecall. #maga
Hopes and dreams of becoming a money grabbing corrupt politician? Cause that's you buddy. DeVos bought you!
so why are you republican?  I like you fellow sc man.  I love your story, doesn't agree w/you politics though
great role model.  great American.
Please fight for their future and push GOP to deal with climate change.
how about not rolling back mining regs that will negatively affect SC and other states?
Many of these kids and families need the ACA. Fix it, don't nix it.
ThankYou sir for letting us know about your research about Sen Sessions Logical when put together with other objective data
Please keep that in mind when you see how trump's tax plan screws poor, single parent families.
Keep up the good work. You're a good role model. Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
Let's hope they don't sell out like you!
Good for u but unfortunately the party you turned on YOUR RACE  for feels 360 degrees different from YOU.
and what race is that?  I thought we were all EQUAL.
we are, but ONLY  in the eyes of GOD.
Enjoy your day.
lol and that is why you will never get ahead. You start out behind in your own mind.
Typical of YOU people to ASSUME  ones' status. No surprise here. But, SURPRISE! I, thank God am on top & rising.
