It isn't polically when you plagiarize the works of others, sir!
I will be an even more proud American Saturday morning  when hear Gorsuch has been nominated. Go Republicans. Feels good 2 b on winning team
Winning at the cost of our country is called LOSING! Gorsuch should put country above self & decline.
And yes, this comes from another Republican, apparently one of the FEW reasonable ones. Sad, but true.
Thank you Senator Scott, you make us proud here in South Carolina
Wrong. We, the People, vote NO on Gorsuch. #StopGorsuch
NO........WE THE PEOPLE agree with Sen Scott.
Wait...im having a strong feeling of deja vu....
Are u saying spirit of law is greater than Law itself? So who will interpret the spirit?  Maybe...Satan!  --Church Lady
and Merrick Garland was unqualified? You know, the one who was liked by both sides of the political spectrum.
Why can't we get one stinking statement about that? It's like all Republicans have suddenly developed convenient amnesia.
because the @SenateGOP and @SenatorTimScott know it's true and their majority leader has decided power/party over country
Garland was not supposed to be selected by an Out Going Pres. That's why! It is a selection reserved for incoming Pres. GOT IT NOW!
Merrick Garland was more than qualified, in fact, was a republican suggestion, and didn't even get a vote #stolenseat
you and your Repub cronies will be sorry someday
Well sen, I'm a Rep & TOTALLY disagree w/how my party's handled the vacancy 4 months! GOP is a bunch of bullys!
We'll Said Senator!
Where was your voice with a Garland?you're type person that thinks it's ok for slavery to come back he is Stephen on movie Django unchained
To reiterate an argument made by many others. Justice Garland was every bit as qualified by any metric. You can't claim partisanship here.
Merrick Garland is, too. Why did GOP freeze him out? I was a GOP Senate Page in the the 70s and you are embarrassing me. smh
"Do away with Elect College!" Now that clear majority in senate can vote in Gorsuch, Libs are mad? U want rules or do u want to change them?
This is the TRUTH..
Replace the word qualified with disqualified  or Gorsuch with Garland and the statement is true to a majority of Americans.
We need to be strong don't let the crybabies get their way. Confirm Gorsuch
Like not having a hearing for Merrick Garland? Yeah, I thought so.
You broke it. Now live with it. You will be quite sorry you did this. Mitch is your Pied Piper, leading all of you down the wrong path.
@ohiogop @SenatorTimScott Tell that to Merrick Garland. You don't get to blockade him for nearly a year & then cry politics.
murder of judges..and filibustering..how do they do it so well..#Thinkaboutthat
Uncle Tom
Garland was qualified and republicans had no intention to see a nominee if @HillaryClinton won.
If that is really the case, why couldn't you get the votes needed without changing the rules? Talk about tantrums! @SenateGOP
I wish the house had your determination to get the will of the ppl done. Glad the Senate found its backbone
Like Garland?
not political. Try listening to the people instead of your bank account.
Scott, stop talking. You're trying to insult our intelligence.
So was garland you hypocritical dildos
MERRICK GARLAND
E
R
R
I
C
K

G
A
R
L
A
N
D
At least admit that the GOP preventing Merrick Garland from getting so much as a hearing was purely based on political opposition.
There's a reason why Tim Scott is so tongue-tied. #LiesTakePractice
Shame on you for forever changing the Senate rules over Gorsuch. Speaking of political opposition:
Sen. Schumer asked the Parliamentarian to confirm this fact. The Secretary of the Senate, confirms this. 
misspelled Garland
It is about time
True of Merrick Garland too. You people are just embarrassing.
What about Garland? How's this different? None of u stepped up to do the right thing & now r system of checks & balances is weaker! #cowards
What, you mean like Hillary Clinton was for the presidency running against a businessman?
Is it? I don't like his environmental stand? That's facts.
Like MERRICK GARLAND? You are such a truly horrible bunch of liars. And #WeThePeople will remove you from office because of it.
So was Garland. But you forget your oh so recent history.
Garland was a leftist putz. Gorsuch is infinitely more qualified as has been revealed.
You are so wrong Scott
Plenty to disqualify Gorsuch
A corporate elitist
Refused to answer questions directly
Won't overturn CitizensUnited
How can you honestly make this argument? Your entire party's strategy for the last 8 years was to oppose everything based on politics
"bless his heart"      The fact that Gorsuch only has been nominated due to a purely political play, must escape him.
So wake up & start governing as if Dems don't exist. If they want to help they can but they only want to obstruct! Citizens want results NOW
Do you really think 73% of voters won't show up in 2018 or any future election after this circus? Change the rules. You reap what you sow.
Can think of Gorsuch's rulings & his demeanor during confirmation hearings to know he is not qualified to be on the SCOTUS.
"[Garland] is more than qualified for appointment. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition." - Americans
Well you would know, wouldn't you? Does the name Garland ring a bell? Hard to convey how much I detest all of you.
GARLAND!
liars and cheaters you fool no one
No!
Republicans are such hypocrites. Merrick Garland deserved an up or down vote. Your ethical & moral compass has been lost for 8 yrs.
“[Garland] is more than qualified for appointment. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition.
Get him through
It sure is political, genius. You reap what you sow. Should have been Garland!
let's get this done and move on to the more important business our budget and our defense and the wall!
As a courtesy, just pointing out your typo. The candidate's name is spelled G-A-R-L-A-N-D. #GOPhypocrisy
Garland.
[Garland] is more than qualified for appointment. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition.
Political opposition- a game GOP themselves do. GOP continued puppets of special interest groups & pushing 4 Gorsuch- proof of that
But will always be under suspicion if turns out WH is corrupt.  Wait!  No rush. GOP will control appointments for 4 years.
@SenateDems -  @SenSchumer didn't think #NuclearOption so extreme when he voted for it in 2013.
.@SenateGOP created a disaster: an illegitimate nominee who is breaking the the Senate. All @SenateGOP had to do was give Garland a hearing
so was Garland. Stop w/ the deceit. Only make You all look despicable @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @gop
garland? He is less qualified than garland. Who is political now? #resist #impeachtrump
Dont ya just love this guy? He is a solid Republican that loves this country.
@SenatorTimScott total disappointment. #hypocrite and more interested in party over country.  No regard for the constitution.
I think we need to look further into this plagiarism allegation before we rush into any irrevocable decisions. #GorsuchPlagiarism
Then get the votes and don't change the rules
Where were the arguments for the last nominee? Oh wait...you never bothered to interview him. #SenateGOPFOS
so was Merrick Garland.  We won't forget!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott for your wise words regarding confirmation of Judge Gorsuch.
As opposed to refusing to have a hearing on the highly qualified Garland appointment?  Hypocritical traitors. He's who Russia wants...
GORSUCH  IS A MAN WITHOUT CONSCIENCE!!!!
@MerrickGarland_  is more than qualified. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition. #StopGorsuch
What do you say to his plagiarizing of his thesis? Is that something a SC
person have on his resume? This is a moral question
I disagree, views are polarizing far right. We need a centrist SCOTUS to cease partisan behavior
You are the man Senator Scott!!! Can't wait to be one of your constituents!!!!!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott 
Garland is your big excuse... for.. nothing Trump-never Trump.. Jesus wouldn't have been good enough..FU
Insert the name Merrick Garland for Gorsuch and you can give the same speech...#hypocrite #stooge
No. It's based on your unethical destruction of norms in refusing to give Garland a hearing.
Will Republican traitors nuke the Senate to install SLEEPER CELL #SCOTUS? #Gorsuch
Vote yes confirm judge Gorsuch
You still don't get it.. so sad!
Your party has amnesia maybe that makes YOU unqualified to vote Garland was qualified TOO
vote no on Gursuch start over get someone who is less toxic !
I'm sure the truck driver that Gorsuch voted against would beg to differ. Gorsuch has no human descency and puts #ProfitsBeforePeople.
- IS RAMPANT HYPOCRISY REPUBLICAN POLICY THESE DAYS?? SURE SEEMS SO!
Gorsuch is not a modetate. Gorsuch is on the side of corporations, not people. We need a better nominee.
You could say the same about Judge Garland .. but you had zero courage ..
DO NOT USE NUCLEAR OPTION! The American people DESERVE a nonpartisan, women and worker supportive bi-partisan supported Judge! Get new Judge
Absolutely, the #1 choice by the ABA ( a nonpartisan org), No SCOTUS nominee has been voted on during a presidental election year.
This is wrong. He's a plagiarist and ultra-conservative who puts corporations ahead of people. #NoGorsuch #NoNuclearOption
"[Garland] is more than qualified for appointment. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition."
And the failure to even give Garland a hearing = pure political opposition
"based purely on political opposition.." - the basis for everything both parties do in Congress.
No Senator, you are wrong. A judge who values corporations more than working people should not be in the SCOTUS! #Resistance #filibuster
Gorsuch is wrong for Americans. Record shows that.  Midterms you will lose majority
You all (Incumbents/both parties) will be replaced next election with candidates who say "I'll get rid of Trump & his administration".
Stay in your fantasy world.
you have low standards.  #frozentrucker #plagiarism #studentwithdisabilities #Scotus8to0 #hobbylobby #MerrickGarland @SenSchumer
Clearly evident GOP cares about installing "Tainted" Scotus who represents big $$$ for GOP, Your party is under FBI invest...Your words = 0
Remember, Gorsuch will have a job 4 life. Y'all will have 2 get real jobs after next election. Y'all ain't got a electoral college 2 save ya
"Gorsuch not qualified for appointment. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition." - A real American. 
Fixed it.
The Senate's unprecedented (since 1776), refusal to consider a Prez's SCOTUS appt was based on pol opposition (and POTUS' race... shhh)
Really? #Gorsuch is a #PutinPick and #plagiarist and where is all his support $ coming from? Do not trust you do not trust him!!
I don't trust any liberal judge sitting on the bench today. They swing left each and every time bringing this country closer to hell
Do you think any of these libs commenting will approve of you if you DON'T appoint Gorsuch. Tell them what they've told the rest of us. F.O.
what happened to Merrick Garland was based purely on political opposition and a majority leader who is an idiot
Substitute [Garland] for [Gorsuch] and justify from a Constitutional precedent. The moral high ground requires virtue. Read Federalist 10.
quit lying to yourself. Gorsuch is unqualified all by himself, more so in this environment. #ChangeTheNom
.@SenateGOP @SenatorTimScott words a hundred times truer of your party's indefensible obstruction of Obama's *actually* mainstream nominee
You could replace "Gorsuch" with "Garland" and the sentence is true. Garland was appointed by a 2x elected Pres w a year left in his term.
Here's an argument: it's Merrick Garland's seat.
Please don't use the #NuclearOption. It's bad government. Majority Bipartisan support reflects American ideals.
What about the plagiarism??
I guess by Republican standards. If we're willing to accept a pussy grabber 4 president then a plagiarist on SCOTUS is rather underwhelming
How people can't see that...
Amen, Senator.
"[Garland] is more than qualified for the appointment. Any argument to the contrary is based purely on political opposition." 
Fixed it.
Just do the damn thing.
We will keep saying this over and over until everybody agrees. I am a robot, I am a robot
