Now tell us what you stand for.  How do you plan to cut taxes? Will I be able to keep my present health plan without increased cost?
THEN WHERE WAS YOUR FOCUS WHEN OBAMA WAS THE PRESIDENT? OBAMA DID NOTHING BUT MADE FUN OF ALL AMERICANS OVERSEAS AND TO US
#FullRepeal. You need to be focused on stopping socialism, not supporting it. Stop with the nonsense and vote NO.#UnitedForFreedom.
While focused on healthcare remove the Congressional  and Senate health benefits and participate yourselves
I agree. Now how about you stand up for Trump against the liberal bias news media? where is your loyalty?
Then tell CNN to start reporting news and not propaganda for democrats

Amen!!! Thank you!!
Shut Up Tim until U can get media, obstruction blocking Our POTUS & the corruption N Washington cleaned up then shut up
We The People R The New Fed's because We R Fed Up with all of U trying to speak 4 us. We C who is obstructing health care & tax reform
AND It's not Our @POTUS HE WILL CONTINUE PUSHING BACK @ CORRUPT MEDIA, REPUB'S, DIM'S CORRUPT INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES & WE'RE GOING 2 HELP HIM
#FullRepeal! Say NO to Universal Healthcare! USA is too big for socialized medicine for all. Stand #UnitedForFreedom! #KeepThePromise!
#FullRepeal was promised to the people keep your #United for freedom
WHICH NEWS do you recommend? Hard to ignore the POTUS tweets. So, you endorse  punching cable news journalists that we disagree with ? Sad.
With the exception of Tim Scott, those other Repugnants R some of the worst politicians alive. Defeat them all @ the polls!

#FullRepeal #unitedforfreedom 
fine when will you start?
Grampa
Maybe you should just be focused on doing YOUR job and not worry about someone else.
We The People want FULL REPEAL of Obamacare
#Fullrepeal nothing less !! No obama care no socialist trumpcare , You work for us " We The People " or have you forgotten that ?
So, stop focusing on the tweets, Tim. I used 2 really like U. You have now become questionable. Focus on important matters!
Can I get a follow back from my favorite senator?
You are so right.

Senator, you're an intelligent, thoughtful man. Met you several times when I lived in SC. When will enough be enough from this President?
wow, I have heard this about the Jr Senator but his actions are not proving this to be true. He seems to be bought and paid for by lobbyists
Amen!
Please stop the president from continuing to degrade the office with his unprofessional behavior sending a terrible message
Seems like you're just waiting around to be told how to vote by lobbyist friends. You have to know TrumpCare will hurt many of us in SC.
You need to STAND UP when President's pundits say American people don't care about his violent outbursts. We do. Don't insult us.
-they went to his house and he was nice to them and they crapped on him for ratings-despicable-you need to support him.
All you need to worry about Mr. Scott is being focused on the above.  Leave Trump alone and not worry about twitter fights
This is NOT a twitter fight. These are the official statements by the standard-bearer of your party. If you find that a problem, FIX IT.
why do you think the American Healthcare Act is better for SC than the ACA?
People focus on what the President tweets....And he's batshit crazy.
God this needs to stop and I mean stop now!!!!
You mean tax breaks for the rich care ?
Then you stand up to the liberal attacks against our president.
Please vote NO on #BCRA!!!!! It will devastate SC!!!!!
America's poorest need Medicaid. The top 1% wealthiest do NOT need a tax cut. If Donald vs Mika derails the BCRA that's wonderful!
Too bad #TheRealDonaldTrump  does not agree
Yes! Thank you, Senator!
It's the GOP who allows his bullshit to keep America in ciaos! Something is seriously wrong with this man, Stop turning a blind eye.
Amen, President Trump's needs to grow up and stop the bickering as ND constrate on the country, safety,health, laws ,etc....
Yes, sir.
Lindsey Graham has lost our votes.
Maybe if we didn't have a prez who is always fighting on twitter and belittling people it wouldn't be an issue. Hard to ignore his CRAzY!
Then pass a bill that stops the media from dishonoring our president. We voted him in! Support or resign
Provide access to healthcare, please.  Proposed bill harms millions of hardworking Americans.  Do better for us, Senator.
You could ruin healthcare and get millionaires their tax breaks so much faster if not for that meddling Trump.
AMEN
Too bad our so-called Conservative leaders didn't fight back sooner to the media's lies. Maybe we wouldn't be in this position! #MAGA
Good point. When you get focused and figure out a plan that doesn't harm the most vulnerable, come talk to us in Columbia! #TownHall #VoteNo
Smoke screen!
Amen!!
Excellent statement
Townhall now!
Luv ya @SenatorTimScott...words of wisdom.....
NO THE LIB REP. WOMEN WANT TO FOCUS THERE,  SICKOS.
Agree the "face lift" comment was unnecessary. But, if Joe & Mika can't take the heat, they should stay out of the kitchen.
True. But does not the President have the right to defend himself against false allegations? That's what occurred here.
Don't like don't read !
When obama cut medicaid by 700billion i didnt hear a damn thing...
Voters have done our job. Get yours done Scott focus !
The American people also expect an honest president - but that doesn't seem to be happening! Tim Scott what are you doing about it?
It's the President who creates the Twitter fights by lewd, unintelligent comments. Those comments should be denounced without equivocation
We need you to be courageous and stand up to this bullying, ranting lunatic who is undermining our democracy. Fight for us, not for your job
Where do you stand on voter fraud commission request for our data?!  Outrageous!
You spelled President wrong.
Thank you Mr Scott
Can't wait to vote you out. You don't represent what the people of SC need. You are all about backdoor deals that elevate your career.
We need our Senators to stop taking bribes like the one you took from Betsy DeVos. You are bought and paid for and we know it Tim.
this is sounding so fake!"Please don't recall me from office!"I'll really work 4 my constituents, really!"#as I figure what
Bravo Senator Scott, I admire your comments.  Politicians attack Pres. Trump about Twitter mustsupport him or dummy up.
This message is to your Leader, the Prez, right? How did he respond?
So when will u be in the CHS area for a town meeting to discuss healthcare and other things?
Then start acting like adults and not little F'ing babies
You know tax reform isn't usually at the cost of millions of people losing healthcare tho, right? Two discrete issues. 1: hc & 2: tax ref.
Then Y don't u get 2 work & get legislation on POTUS desk? U got House Senate WH & still can't do squat Ur failing POTUS & voters miserably
Tweets and blogs tell us a lot about our leaders. What do you think about the writings of Bush and Schiff?! #CourtsMatter
Oh hush. You need to be focused on your constituents. Make good decisions for us.
Then stop YOUR leader!!!
Exactly how will these proposed changes help/hurt each of the three socioeconomic classes?
You need to be focused on putting your constituents first and not the Majority Leader. This bill is a monstrosity. VOTE NO. Stand with SC.
Then stop tweeting and fix that Bill in the Senate.
100% repeal is a requirement
How about just get ur hands out of health care!
Totally agree! If only #POTUS45 could refrain from twitter fights & get information from intelligence services instead of watching #FoxNews!
The 17 "intelligence" agencies that have "proof" (actually no proof at all)? NOT!
You are correct @SenatorTimScott and I might add that our POTUS is doing just that, but he also has the right to defend his integrity.
Shame on you to diminish this President's derogatory tweets. He's a disgrace.
So ignore the con man in the Oval Office who is decimating our democracy?
So much yes! Focus people and remember our priorities.
Well tell your President to stay his ass of Twitter.
And you need to be focused on listening to those people and not the people having secret meetings about healthcare.
Perhaps you could enlighten him that he is, in fact, President, and therefore expected to act like the product of 4B yrs of evolution?
Mr. Scott, that's the purpose of the Tweets. Keep the lying MSM distracted while agenda gets pushed through. It's a military tactic. #Genuis
See, This is why I voted for you.
You are the one attempting to pass a terrible health care bill - get YOUR priorities together. Thanks.
Funny, I missed ur cc 2 @realDonaldTrump on this tweet. Tone from the top is important, wouldn't u agree? Stop lecturing us. Stand up 2 him.
HC focus should be on plan for all incl. politicians: don't exempt yourselves from plan you expect US to accept. Affordability, access, fair
True! But with regard to cable news and news from other sources, the press is protected
Tell Trump to resign.
Dems want a President they can bully like GW Bush - worst GOP Pres ever. Trump ain't Bush! He fights back.
Doesn't look like @realDonaldTrump got your message. 
I am a cynic but I feel like it's working.This week, regardless of the morning tweets, everyone on my feed was back to #deathcare by lunch.
Repeal #AHCA
Trump is not Bush, counterpunches!
Are asking this of @realDonaldTrump, too? South Carolinians will suffer greatly with #TrumpCare.
I totally agree!
Talk to the POTUS, sir.
The president needs to stay focused too!  Can't SOMEONE, ANYBODY take away his twitter account?  #StopTheTwitterTantrums
we are, the liberals are like dogs Trump throws the bone and they go fetch, meanwhile Trump is doing all this good stuff 
if trump wants to stay on twitter and let the grown ups run the country that would be fine - problem is he's still trying to do the latter!
Then get your man to start governing instead of petty twitter fights. He needs to grow up
Yeah! And marijuana.
switch "people" with "president" then we can agree.
Please! Speak out against Trump and his disgusting behavior!!!
But no Obama care replacement , the rest can do
Tell Trump to terminate his Twitter acct and focus on America's needs, not his own!! Little Lying DonnieT
It's a culture of sexism that bothers me, and to hear it most vocally from potus is a sign he shouldn't be there in the first place.
And not on false Russian accusations
Tell me sir what is your focus? Premiums will still go up. Medicaid will be reduced and coverage will be lost.
your correct so tell that the the man you back inthe White House.
Y'all need to stand up to the media too and have the President's back. Also Y'all need to have the same healthcare as the ppl just saying
You got that right. Only 12% of Americans favor the Republican plan.  Medicare for all is the only fair path forward.  Do it.
But it's fireworks season!
Your complaint rings hollow. @SHSanders45 says you "knew what [you] were getting when [you] elected Donald Trump."
GOPers should not be shocked that Trump engages in misogyny & hate after they enabled him. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/hey-gop-trumps-misogyny-and-obsession-with-revenge-are-nothing-new/ …
Also, do not take #Healthcare away from 22 million Americans. Trump will get ppl killed through his insanity & incompetence- so will that.
Then you need to remove Trump from office NOW. #25thAmendment
How can we when we have this ahole embarrassing us as Americans.
Disagreement from me. The less this Congress works on anything substantial the better. The only goal is to make the Koch's dreams into law.
Keep supporting that asshat ... says a lot about you !
as well as the President of the United States of America
Put on your big boy pants and say it to his face. Anyone can act tough behind a phone. As we have all seen.
Until you are willing to confront @realDonaldTrump your pro-forma protest is entirely toothless. Have the courage of your convictions.
Wish MLK could touch your amerikkkan heart
I find this extremely disingenuous coming from any liberal.
NO! % wrong.
When the #partyoverpeople #GOPsociopaths only view #WEALTHcare and #taxCUTS to the 1% & screw ppl, better off KILLING agenda!
Why not focus on working the people of SC, and not the president. U support anything that 45 does, no matter how bad. Have u forgot SC
Optimal word here is #healthcare and it needs to be SEPARATE from tax reform. Healthcare is not a game to win. Please. #BRCA #DontCapMyCare
Potus attacks on women unacceptable.
You kiss there a$$ Trump gives what he gets
Why Health Care bill was not ready on 20 Jan 2017 ? In place of taking vacations, do your work. President is doing great. Leave him alone.
Explaining this to potus would be a good start.
Judging from what the GOP has done recently on health care maybe the American people are better off if you engage in twitter fights.
But when those tweets are from @POTUS45, and sexist, they are worthy of focus and criticism.
But that's who you all voted for.. we knew who he was for decades..
Give the man credit keeping focused. And I didn't vote for Trump. Hillary either......
Only GOP members that deserve credit will be those that vote to impeach
Thank you for being the one senator from our state that we can be proud of
Oh suck balls, Tim Scott. We're plenty focused on your bullshit Wealth Care and Tax Ripoff, don't worry about that. Your job however, worry!
The President is 100% responsible for this shit storm. He is an uncontrollable narcissistic man-child. Deal with THAT and then talk to us
You tell that to trump, just in case you haven't noticed trump proudly uses tweeter as a weapon.
Perfect response to today's events
Repeal Obamacare! We were fine b4 the government stepped in! As usual WA screwed up health care and the GOP is trying to pile on more crap!
But tell that to your President.
Sen. Scott, you are speaking to your President, right?
The American Public needs to get rid of that heinous man in the White House...
Then shouldn't the President be focused on the country instead of himself. Sorry guess that's why he's the President, he is Perfect
You should remind the president then
Also, your lack of condemnation on what @realDonaldTrump @potus thinks is appropriate to say about women & the press is apprehensable
when will you schedule a town hall to face your constituents.  The voters should hear basis of your position on health car and potus tweets!
You aren't saying @realdonaldtrump shouldn't be tweeting and aren't saying what he said is bad-so do you agree with Trump???
Yeah Tim. You should tell your Pres this. Oops you can't bc you put #PartyOverCountry #Hypocrite #Resist
So, besides saying the massive cuts to Medicaid aren't part of your perspective, any other comments on #Healthcare #HealthcareBill ?
Then you better move Pence in there.
The president starts it EVERYTIME. Stand up and say something to him!
Well said
Don't pretend you're going to do anything proactive. #EmptyShirt #NoIntegrity
@SenatorTimScott blames the American people for his pathetic leader's tweets. Disgusted.
This is YOUR leader. Maybe you should tell him what to focus on. Scott you are a sad example of a complete party sell out.
Maybe you should include Trump's name so he will know you are talking to him.
So true! #45 is so childish!!
Then rein in the fucking @POTUS - he's out of control.
So focus on it. This tweet is unnecessary
Our president should grow up
He did exactly that. They have tried to stop him from doing what he promised...serving the will of his constituents
@RepJeffDuncan  Someone needs to tell the POTUS to be presidential and not tweet out hate filled speech about anyone! Really Tim & Jeff! SMH
Tim,I like you and how you work for us in SC.Let Trump do his thing and you help!!
Cc: @realDonaldTrump
Stand up employ the change. WE deserve better.
But you have to admit that the mainstream media getting so butt hurt and crying over a Twitter fight with Trump is funny.
