We need strong public schools, as well as strong options for parents to choose the best option for their kids.
The fact remains no Secretary of Education has the power to “destroy public schools” - and no one would.
Let’s be clear-there are 1000s of low performing schools across this nation. You can hold the floor forever…but it won’t change that fact
We will work with Secretary DeVos to strengthen all of our schools, and to make sure quality education is available to all.
Because without education, incarceration rates go up, unemployment goes up, lifetime earnings go down.
That's right! Children's quality of life, ability to succeed, everyday happiness, it all  comes down to a good education.
vouchers will not fix it never can. Some suffer while few prevail
Common Core is worst thing to happen to public education. I'm confident @BetsyDeVos will save education
Cash money from Betsy DeVos to you. Py to play? How much do I have to give you to become Head of EPA?
@postandcourier but you said you didn't feel anyone's negative concerns had any validity. How much $$ did u receive again?
how much did dems receive from teachers unions?
look at DeVos' record in Michigan school system. How are they doing? Yea...let's apply that to entire US
how are American public schools doing?
also is it too much to ask for the head of education to actually have taught in a school???
but the head of the army under Obama never served, that was OK
no I didn't say anything in regards to that. I can't speak re military...I've never served.
you disgust me!!Devos has "0"experince and is 100% unqualified for the job,she gave you thousands .YOU have lost my vote !!
We are thankful for who you are! We respect you and what you represent. Keep going sir!
Best senator ever! Keep up the good work sir.
my apologies for the hate ltrs & these people who r mentally unbalanced. Alot of Congressional dems are acting disgraceful.
Proud of you and the great job you are doing!
Your office has YET to respond to my calls or emails. I will give Lindsey Graham this--at least his office responded.
.  You took $49,200 from DeVos and voted for an unqualified person.  Shameful.
too bad you did not vote based on our calls. Time to get honest with yourself, time to start buffing up your resume!
But in the end, you just don't give a damn.
Please investigate the test records of charter schools in sc. Ms. DeVos won't make scores better, or even require them!
This job should have gone to a qualified educator, it was purchased by a billionaire donor. 
and you did a heck of a job listening to your constituents Tim. Teachers will mobilize to vote you out of office. C U in 22
Seriously? Did you see DeVos fumbling around trying to answer simple questions. NOT qualified in any way. #clueless
you have GOT to be kidding me. Did you listen to anyone besides Repubs?
You didn't listen to us and voted for someone who gave you $49,000. Today you will vote for black vote suppression for AG
.@SenatorTimScott Thank you for NOTHING!!! Apparently the calls fell on deaf ears! Voters will NOT forget.
Just curious - if I want to buy your vote, the $49k seems a little steep. Any chance of an in-state discount?
Thankful?  Your gratitude should have shown in your vote
Passionately OPPOSED to DeVos because she is unqualified. And because she bought you. Shame!
Please remember that passion. As I am now passionate to make sure you are not re-elected in the future!
everyone screaming about U receiving  campaign donations wht about  $3.8 million - teachers unions gave to democrats ?
Thank you for your commitment to quality educational opportunities for ALL students! So proud to have you as my Senator!
yes but you didn't read the letters or listen to the phone calls...obviously!
let's hope it's the right choice you all made. I am ashamed right now.
if you were thankful u would have listen to SC voters, and said NO
I am disappointed that u do not listen to people of ur state, but listen to those who put money in ur coffers
you have till November to prove you made the right decision. #notoDevos
the letter you wrote said to follow you on Twitter. You never addressed the concerns over IDEA, more rural districts, etc
it is reported that u rec'd $49,200 from DeVos & family, she brought ur vote. U are not rep People of SC!
well done sir, not only have you lost my respect with this asinine position, you've also lost my vote!
do you think Betsy was unprepared? Is that a good example 4 our SC students?
you did not pay any attention to your constituents. Why are you in politics? Certainly not for the people of SC.
close Dept Ed. States responsibility  not in constitution. Feds Sig increase cost an add regulation Feds get out
Sending love from Mount Pleasant!! 
Where was your passion for public education? I am ashamed of you as my senator.
I love it that you all want to mention money.... hypocrite is what you are!  Hillary sold her soul for cash!
and you hated Hillary for that, but seem to justify it for Tom Scott? Hypocrite 
I wish you'd have listened to us, though. Money will get you anywhere I guess
You failed us all, Mr Scott, reps and dems alike. Choosing dollars over the voice of your constituency will be your undoing
And thank you.......for nothing......you did not listen to the people you claim to represent.
too bad you ignored all of us who called you. I'm embarrassed that you represent our great state of SC.
I know you won't read this but what the hell. You voted for a person that took the money just like you did.
you chose your greed over substance and sacrificed meaningful change for SC students.
beyond disappointed -   You forget who you are here to serve, but we will NOT FORGET
You voted for someone beyond unqualified and put the future of America at risk while ignoring your constituents. Fact.
Too bad you sold out your constituents.
@BuzzAtTheState disappointed!!!!
Thanks for ignoring our calls.  When are you up for re-election?
I wish it had been enough to make you listen.
Too bad you didn't listen! #fail
- google - Brainetics Math !
but #PartyBeforeCountry - isn't that right senator?! And you can bet we'll remember when it's our turn to vote!
that's cute. Thanks for ignoring our message. We (the people who vote for you, not who buy you) will remember this.
were bought & missed lesson re: don't forget where you came from. Rest assured: we will remember.
sad for for America when I'm required to be "highly qualified" & Secy of Ed doesn't! Easy to see you...
Betsy DeVos is absolutely the last person that should be in charge of education. You have more experience than she does.
I'm a former constituent.  Did you write Ms. DeVos a receipt when she bought your vote?
too bad you did not listen. You screwed special needs kids.
that you ignored competely. How many calls did you get? Let's get some transparency.
Can you please disclose how many calls & letters received for and against. Thank you.
Just lost my vote. No matter what is said or done between now and the next election I vow to never vote for you again.
oh you mean the calls from your constituents that you ignored because we weren't the ones lining your pockets? #urtheswamp
You made the right vote. Thanks.  Better schools on the way.
Thanks for what. You didn't listen. DeVos@knows nothing and is bad for our Education system!!
this educator was once your fan-sad to say no more
I would love it if you told the ppl tweeting at you that the fight against DeVos is all about the Teachers Union and money.
SC does not have teacher unions. #knowyourfacts
Teacher unions exist in MANY states. #KnowYOURFacts
But she gave me a lot of money. Repubs responsible for death of democracy-Party over country. Do job, protect Constitution!
Good luck dude
clearly it did nothing for you to REPRESENT THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR YOU! never been more disappointed Senator. DO YOUR JOB
be thankful all you want. You didn't represent the people today. You failed.
please explain this bill
uncle mike
No matter what you tell yourself, you're an empty shell that was bought and sold.
thankful, yet didn't listen.  The only thing you listened to was the sound of 50k hitting your wallet
It's refreshing to see so many @Democrats now supporting Home Schooling.
Out of curiosity, did the majority of calls/emails to you offices favor Ms. DeVos or ask you to vote against her?
@postandcourier DeVos confirmation a given.  Money talks
You sir, are a true patriot, and a major asset to the American people. GOD bless you.
you still refuse to mention how much money you have received from Devos. You're corrupt. #TimScott #DeVosvote
it's a sad day when you and @VP refuse to listen to the people of the US regarding DeVos. We begged, you did not listen. Voters remember.
But you ignored your constituents and followed the money instead.  Shameful.
Senator I have a special needs grandson autism, epilepsy, heart trouble he is not getting the help he needs please help
Really? Your constituents can't tell. Guess DeVos means more to you than DeVotes.
Thank you, sir!
What happened to draining the swamp? #Resist
Interesting you've said more on this topic in the past hour post-confirmation than the lead up.
You have made a tremendous mistake supporting the Ed. Nominee.
look at the twitter profiles of those thanking you vs the ones that are disappointed in your vote. These r the ppl u align?
except you don't care because you spread your cheeks for $50k
seeing your passion would have been nice
are you KIDDING ME??
No, you're not, because you didn't listen and voted for her anyway. If you had a child with a disability maybe you'd get it
maybe if he had a kid at all
so thankful that you decided to vote against your constituents' wishes. What a guy!
I'm in your district, @SenatorTimScott, I'm one of those callers. I'm disappointed & angry you spinelessly sold your soul & our kids.
the calls begging you to vote No on DeVos that you ignored? I think $49,000 has you a bit confused.
You are? Well, you got bought by @BetsyDeVos and that's obvious since the calls you got were to represent us. Lost my vote!
yet you chose to still vote yes. You had a conflict on interest and you should have recused yourself from the vote.
pay for play.
Esp. call 4U 2B lackey. Who called you2-Tim 2 give that"po black kid"endorsemenr/excuse? Did U volunteer so they'd owe you?
...and you still voted DeVos? "Wholly unqualified" is apt. This is not the time to blindly vote your party. #resist
just finish that with "but my money is more important than your students so piss off, suckers!"
You failed.
And I'm disgusted you voted for the most incompetent person ever nominated to education. Sold out your state in this vote
you also appreciate the $49,000 you received from #devos but I digress
Can you (or anyone) ensure non of my tax dollars will go to religious institutions/ education?
Pls help NJ Public schools.
Don't listen to these idiots. They want the Gov. to do everything so they have to do nothing at all.
How many calls? How many from people who actually know education? Pretty clear that a lot of senators have been bought.
Yep, 48 Ds and 2 Rs to be exact.
great, now vote no on the power grab called #EmailPrivacyAct. Time to follow Constitution. 4A, yah? Yah.
I hope to meet You one Day and to discuss issues as a Disabled Person and A Vet and LEO with Lupus.
thanks for ignoring the voice of the people. I cant wait to donate to your opponant next election cycle. #neverforget
Joe Lieberman introduced DeVos at her hearings & he works with her;  think about that for one moment.
Who cares?  Joe Lieberman is not my representative, Sell out @SenatorTimScott is.
Lol. Because the NEA has done such a great job. #hatersgonnahate
I watched your speech from the Floor and it was magnificent.
but, of course, you still voted the way your masters told you to, Your Passion...HA we shall see what we shall see won't we
Voters will remember you stood up for donors who don't believe in public education, instead of SC kids. DeVos = disaster
and what about the huge donors known as teachers unions?
Thank You for your stance on many issues the President has tried to move forward with.
You are a treasure.
DELUSIONAL!
shame on you for voting in an unqualified person. When she makes the school system worse, you will be voted out.
I do not what 2 hear it from someone who can sell our children out to the highest bidder.Beyond shameful. We will remember!

Every one in my family were school teachers, my mother 44 years, she would have cried about our present schools!
They would have cried about your grammar, too.
It's weird that republicans all of a sudden care about public education.
I'm so disappointed :(

Need to add Character/Ethics class at a young age, apparently not being taught at home.  Knowledge without Character?
Need to avoid education silos where truth can be twisted to fit agendas. Misinformed history already taught.
Today you proved that you value campaign contributions over South Carolina's children. We will not forget.
and you don't even have the balls to put your face in the picture, scared?
it was time for a change as the same ole same ole wasn't working!
We're supposed to feel reaffirmed with a Republican-led Congress that bows to every one of President Bannon's demands.
Joe Lieberman introduced DeVos at her hearings & he works with her; think about that for a moment.
Lieberman is an Independent. He also sits on a board for one of her education groups. Her supporters are all influenced by $.
TY for your Vote!
