@POTUS has been denouncing hate for decades but you hacks don't want to hear the truth when is right there in your face PC is killing 
Because political hacks are concerned about their seats and benefits
What about Antifa, hateful? Silent GOP, very sad.
Vote them out!
Sen Scott we are counting on you to stay strong and protect our nation during this administration, we are a ship without a qualified captain
I urge you to support our POTUS's agenda. Both House & Senate GOP must support him & Republican ideals NOT the tyranny of a commie agenda!
Still waiting for #trump to apologize, admit his comments were wrong and to denounce David Duke and KKK!
How many times would be enough for you? 10X? 100x? Does he have to do it DAILY? It will NEVER be enough for U!
Of course that's the problem with the left they never want to hear the truth!
Better...
Trump look like he was reading a book report that he paid somebody else to write.  Grade F
Right...well you just keep on hoping! When one is raised to be racist that is who they are! I've seen little kids talk disparagingly ....
about PoC...they would look right at u & call u the n word without batting an eye! Quite sure, two decades later, some of them r the Nazis..
KKK, White Supremacists/Nationalists who were in #Charlottesville! How r u guys all so stupid that u keep getting fooled by  speech he READS
Give it a rest. Trump will never have a best speech ever. He reads but doesn't know what the words mean.
Um, um, um, um, um! I, I, I, I I!  that was Obama without a teleprompter!
So we've moved on from #Charlottesville then?
Ya gotta understand "his" awful behavior and now full on war in Afghanistan....the one thing "he" is great at.....DEFLECTION
He came unglued!  He still refuses to admit that his comments on the day of the Charlottesville murder were not appropriate!
Good statement & great response to liberals who want a plan..
So Tim, he is going to Phoenix tonight to stir up the fires of hate. Why don't you give him a call and discourage this costly trip
Senator, your threshold for "clear explanation" has been titanically lowered by this administration. How about some higher standards.
What is old is new again. The difference is that the GOP is dying for anything resembling normalcy from a confirmed immoral and bigoted man.
No war. They are rich men wanting to make money and nothing about keeping this country safe. Wake up.
Would that be hate from ANTIFA also?
I believe potus' bad behavior #Charolettesville and #NorthKorea  is simple.....NO ONE is talking about Russia.....the great deflector
I disagree he would provide specifics because he didn't want to be held to them
I really thought Scott might have a conscience but he's just another politician protecting an incompetent president at America's expense
I guess back to business as usual.
As he goes off to a RALLY to fire  up anger!  He is either one or the other!
There is a plan? He ran on getting out! Just more failed policy...
Sorry, but it sounds like deja vu all over again.
One teleprompter speech fixes his #Charlottesville response? Let's hear his words at the #PhoenixRally tonight. Trump hasn't changed.
You're a disappointment. This will sink your reelection. Believe it.
Thank you for supporting OUR president on this.  Will you continue when our resolve is tested?
Thank you Tim Scott for your intelligent balanced and courageous comments 
When did congress declare this a war? Where was the plan in this speech?
So, now you're okay with him? You're giving me whiplash. You went from being a humble Senator, to one of them! I don't like it one bit!
It will take more then one tweet to restore your reputation after last week's Charlottesville debacle. We see now where your priorities lie
PLEASE. JUST. STOP. SAYING. THIS. HE READ A SPEECH. THAT IS ALL.
Easy to read something someone else wrote...
Because no other presidents ever had speech writers and read speech they didn't write. Not ever. Oh wait...
The greatest part of the speech was lifting restrictions off of the soldiers sent there to fight & risk their live W/O fear of court martial
His best speech yet.
Thank you for supporting our President.. do not worry.. Trumps Generals got this.. AMEN
Sorry Senator, we're not buying a teleprompter speech. That was not his real heart, TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 2017 WAS!!!!
Well Senator, it would certainly be reassuring if All y'all came together on Something rather than typical lack of consistency! THINK? RR
Please....nothing he said came from his heart or his brain. He will be tweeting hateful insults at 3am. Mark my words. Don't boost his ego!
It all did . Grow up
I have to depend on high-quality Senators such as yourself to speak for me because I have Warner and Kaine who never speak for me. EVER.
How do we win? What determines when the fat lady sings? I want a set target of victory.
This is not the speech everyone heard tonight, it's political spin and political spin disrespects the seriousness of war. Shameful.
You're  kidding? He sucked big time and you bloody well know it.
It will also NOT be tolerated by the people of SC who just re elected YOU to have you stab @POTUS in the back!!
Our President has said very clearly we must stand as 1 America red white and blue blood! I'm puzzled why you seem to have heard different
So you are back on the team?
No, Senator. It's time for America to stop being the worlds police. It hasn't really worked out well. Just ask Iraq, Libya
And I think you need to make appearances on @TuckerCarlson more often please
You are speaking out of both sides of your mouth. He was clear last week. Stop pretending you aren't in this for yourself now Senator.
I see you and your buddy Graham are on this list , the constant flip flopping and backstabbing by republicans is getting old
Thank you, Sen Scott.
Wow, you got all of that from a speech that had no goals or details. Staying in like Obama, but he has no real plan.
What plan? I didnt hear anything new.
Deaf I guesd
Ok. You tell me what the new plan is
I like you so much Senator Scott but I wish you would support our president more because he sure will need your help
Yep.....clear as mud
I thought you were voting to censor him
He's denounced the KKK and white supremacist countless times!
No one cares. How about u come off another vaca and work
Holy hell batman. You mean there is a senator not bashing Trump after the speech.
I will never forget Scott's whine about his oppression while the police officers in Florida lay dying.
I don't ever recall him saying that hate should be tolerated???,
So does this mean you're going to start publicly supporting the president again?
Really? Explain the path forward. Dear Leader has no plan and no strategy. Mr. Scott which speech did you listen to?
Shame on you Senator! The President was clear last week that hate will not be tolerated. Stop grandstanding!
How dare you scheme to censor our @POTUS ?  #ChildrenOfSoros
