If you are involved in a censure against the @POTUS REMEMBER WE WILL NOT FORGET! We voted for a strong Republican to help our @POTUS

Remember these names and if they  carry out their perfidious threats, make CERTAIN none is ever reelected! Voters have the power! 
Are you working with the Communist Workers Party of America? Because you certainly have not condemned the violence of Antifa.
Why did you wait until after you were just re elected to start opposing the @POTUS Using all his support to get re elected? 
So did Marco Rubio
Senator, Nothing about REAL TIME SLAVERY caused by HILLARY CLINTON? "we came, we saw, he died" 2017 NOW!
THIS is what America  and feels
Where's the outrage against the democRATS who set this whole thing up to hurt America and @POTUS ???
Wow, Senator Scott went from TEA party to establishment pretty quickly. He must be enjoying the aristocracy in Washington DC a bit too much.
Why havent you called AntiFa for what they are? They are the army of the Communist Workers Party of America. Are you the traitor Scott?
Go join the Democrats sen. Scott. Trump has denounced multiple times. Did you even listen to what he said? Or just rely on CNN?
Well thats obvious he can grab p****y , we ignore it-he can incite violence -we ignore it - he supports KKK we ignore it- ITS JUST WORDS!
POTUS was correct in his statements about Charlottesville.  The MSM was wrong.  POTUS has never been racist nor were his comments racist.
The senators who boycotted the inauguration should now be consulted for their experience?  Really, sir!
Who's moral authority? Republicans?Democrats? jeeez man.... We elected Trump to get things done not play ur mind stupid games! DO SOMETHING!
Sen.Scott,disappointed you questioned the moral auth of POTUS.There were 4 groups WN,Antifa,peaceful protests on both sides.
I and millions of others stand behind our President.  We voted him into office and we can vote senators out of office
Why havent you condemned Antifa for physically attacking conservatives for over a year in Berkley, colleges, Seattle, Trump Rallies, etc..
Good response.  POTUS has said from day one he rejects "All who hate".  Don't know how that could be more inclusive.
@CNN @MSNBC @AnnaBrosche @FoxNews the TRUTH BEING TOLD and you choose to ignore to hurt OUR @POTUS SHAME ON YOU PUSHING liberal LIES
No President or elected officials have the right to be on ANY side other than the the side of the nations LAWS.  YOU'RE WRONG
Antifa openly attacks Veterans in our city streets and Scott stays quiet. Who is unfit here? Scott, your silence speaks volumes.
You want to call out POTUS, yet won't say a peep about BLM, Antifa or Robert Byrd.  Just remember, SC is Trump Strong. We can vote you out.
I voted for you to stand behind our POTUS and you turn and stab us in the back , you will never have my vote again.

OUR @POTUS spoke the TRUTH both sides are guilty and YES this was set up to hurt DJT and appears you have jumped on the liberal antifa side
Why haven't you condemned Antifa for attacking old women, old WW2 vets, afghan war vets and anyone they perceive to be threat to communism?
I admired you @SenatorTimScott, now I'm ashamed someone got to you. What do these Dems have over all you Reps? Pathetic!
Here in SC, Mr. Scott, we have wide support for our POTUS. You need to stand behind him & stop listening to the GOP establishment!
Do NOT censor our President!!!
bbnh
Swedish Police Chief: The Antifas, Not the Nazis, Start the Violence http://gatesofvienna.net/2017/08/swedish-police-chief-the-antifas-not-the-nazis-start-the-violence/ … 
Charlottesville:BOTH SIDES WERE WRONG!Like them or not(and I don't)they had a permit to protest. The other side came TO START TROUBLE!
wrong - both side had permit - I think there are still vidoes of Schindlers List that we all need to watch again- in case we have forgotten
How about weak, feckless Senators like Corker, Scott, Graham, McCain go talk to their President instead of grandstanding to LSM? WE ARE MAD!
I am so very proud.  Well done, @SenatorTimScott
Hey Scott how about a word on condolences for police officers that died this weekend! Antifa is real and paid for so don't ignore it!!
No censure #RINO!
With all due respect Senator OF COURSE what he says matters. And he demeans the Office on a daily basis.
We know and will not forget. https://www.youtube.com/embed/L50JyrbK_R0 …
Senator Tim Scott! What is this I hear about you being a part of a group wanting to censure our great @POTUS ?!?
You represent a state that absolutely loves President Trump, why are you siding with the democrats?!? Come on, that's just ridiculous, man!
Do you still go to the same gym on St. James? We'll have to talk about this next time you're on the treadmill. I can't believe this Senator!
You are falling for the trap Mr Scott. Surprised by you. Open your eyes or cross the aisle. @GOP
Trying to get @realDonaldTrump to empathize w/ blacks/minorities, is about as useful as trying to teach a rock to sing opera.
@POTUS has not given up or lost “moral” authority. #UglyTruth about laws is they protect even the morally reprehensible.
You must be intoxicated.
The enemy is extremists on MANY sides. If you censure @POTUS then you will be voting against half of the country. #SUPPORT45
Not sit back and allow liberals to attack us and @realDonaldTrump in the name of racism, when it's about being conservative. We are not
If this was just about condemning the kkk, we'd all be with you. It's not, it's turned into condemning all things conservative and we will
You were one of my favorite Senators.Sickening that you can't see the similarities in Antifa/BLM and White Nationalists.Sick of my Party!
You didn't seem to have any problem with President Trump's moral authority when you accepted his donations to your campaign in the past.
.@POTUS knows a bit what it must be like the way MSM & RINOs have/are treating him and his family. Bet you're treated no worse than that?

Are you a coward and a traitor? Americans are paying attention and tomorrow we'll know where you stand.
Trust me on this,we have the @potus back&we will not forget,if you stand w/dems,we will do all possible to get you voted out #MAGA
If this is true, I hope you know the GOP is finished!
Very disappointed in you. I pray to God you will stand with President Trump when Antifa comes to destroy Fort Sumpter.
(5) we conservative & esp white conservatives are really weary of being called racist& blamed for all the ills in the black communities.
(4) Obama the first black President..you would think he would have made it a priority to ask businesses to invest in black communities..
(3) and other conservative blacks...why didn't you call out Obama re: doing more for the black communities re: jobs,violence,murders,drugs
(2) black community..He has...and majority have kicked him in the teeth...same way they kick Sec/Dr. Carson,Supreme Court Justice Thomas
Sen. Scott..I have great respect & admiration for you..that is why I find it a bit hypocritical that you called out Pres. Trump re: ...
Why didn't you call Obama racist when he invited BLM cop killers, Al Sharpton & Muslim Brotherhood bigots to the W.H ? You are a hypocrite !
Sen Scott you & the other Repub Senators attacking Mr Trump are a disgrace. We the voters believe Mr Trump was right to blame both sides
Damn bruh.. That's all I'm going to say.
I voted for you Senator Scott. My President @realDonaldTrump is under attack on many sides. Pls. promote econ gwth and job gains. US growth
You have already gone to far. If you continue to be against the people we will not forget it.
I think Twitter should let you fix it when you notice later that you spelled something wrong. Wouldn't everyone appreciate that?
The people agree with Trump. Antifa and BLM believe in depriving others of their rights to free speach. All conservatives not just kkk.
Trust that we will be watching who will vote for censure. If U are a GOP senator who votes yes you are out next vote.  Stop the obstruction
What gives you the impression that Trump voters are going to tolerate what you are doing?
This is what you supported https://twitter.com/AntifaBoston/status/898958986824777728 …
https://twitter.com/AntifaBoston/status/899373661421023232 …
https://twitter.com/AntifaBoston/status/899132254202589186 …
https://twitter.com/AntifaBoston/status/899030845125791746 …
Do not censure my President. He is NOT the enemy. STAND UP and vote no to the democrats craziness. STOP HURTING AMERICANS
I used to admire @SenatorTimScott but now I'm questioning that as it sounds as thought he doesn't back POTUS
My feelings EXACTLY!
don't you mean it is how the #fakenews spins it to fit their narrative.
Thanks for speaking truth to power. Respect.
Sir # 1 reason I voted for Trump 
 I was tired of empty promises 
I want to see real change !!!!
My community is counting on it!
I hope @SenatorTimScott will follow up these words with votes that provide for the needs and well-being of the American people.
Thank you, Senator. Well said.
Change your name to Clayton Bigsby.
So Tim still has hopes that Trump will say something healing at this point. Hasn't Tim heard Trump for the last 3 years? wow!
Agree - actions speak louder than words. Thank you for FTN comments. Plz act to stop president's supremacist policies that oppress others.
Sen Scott, @POTUS was correct.I watched the videos, ANTIFA started the violence in #Charlottesville by throwing 1st punch. We condemn all
I condemn all racist & hate group & I believe our POTUS does as well.This nation needs to heal, ANTIFA, BLM, the Left, certain Democrat(2/3)
politicians & MSM are not helping America w/ their rhetoric. 
God Bless you, POTUS & 
God Bless America! (3/3)
Disagree strongly, potus has disavowed all hate groups on both sides...which was right thing to do.
You are a fool sir for believing the false Left smear campaign on @POTUS . Did you even listen to his words ? A real leader tells the truth.
Shut up. How about u get off your 35 day tax payer vaca and do something.
Hey Senator, why don't you ask Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi why they have never said one word about W. VA. and Hilary's Mentor Robert Byrd
Vote for Censure, and the @GOP senate, under the worst leader in modern history @SenateMajLdr loses majority in 2018. We won't come out.
Oh we will come out in droves, but it won't be for those currently in senate.
It is both...
You're a black Republican senator. You live in a world of partial truths and see no evil. Did so mention you're a Republican?
Trump won't meet w people to get a better understand of how they feel bc it may force him to admit his past actions/words were wrong.
Nothing. He will do nothing but reek havoc.
No it's not. I commend the democrats for putting up a fight against this tyrant
If your life revolves around what any one person says or does, you have no life.
No, it's what CONGRESS does next.
60 million voted for him. You are unamerican

Always watch action... not the words
“@FaceTheNation: .@SenatorTimScott: "It's not what the President says next. It's what he does."” #facethenation


