So was Merrick Garland.
“not fair” to let a lame-duck president make such an important decision - Joe Biden 1992  about Bush 41 making a SCOTUS selection
Biden went on to hold a vote. Oh yes.  Facts get in your way.  You prefer alt facts, or lies!!!!
Truth to liberals is like salt to a slug. Democraps the real obstructionist & hypocrites. 1 way street is the libertard way
It's "Mrs. Libtard" to you Comrade.
@mrsdianek @GatorDhylland @mpo619 @LovelandRick @SenatorTimScott @BlufftonToday @GorsuchFacts
No definitely a comrade! !
#deadbeatDonnie
#liarincheif
My question is, how is Gorsuch better than Garland?
It wouldn't be fair to let a lame duck President (Obama) make a SCOTUS decision
I don't think our definitions of "fair" are the same. He was the current president at the time, therefore he had the authority.
“not fair” to let a lame-duck president make such an important decision - Joe Biden 1992
That's cool. Joe and I disagree on that point then.
What's good for one party is good for the other.

You are so right. Partisan Democraps proved who they really are. OBSTRUCTIONIST
no, no he should not be confirmed until we have the facts about Russian collusion
PLEASE DO NOT vote to change the rules of the senate! All eyes are on your choices. Do the right thing! NO NUCLEAR!!
No confirmation while treason charges pending on current administration
#Gorsuchfacts Nope. You should have included your Democratic colleagues in building consensus. A nuclear appointment shows you're unwilling
Merrick Garland should have at least been given a hearing. Your hypocrisy is showing.
Merrick Garland
So was Garland, but you and your party pulled a shady b****ass move and refused to vote on his confirmation.
very short-sighted of you. Fundamentally changing the working of the senate for 1 nominee. Will turn against GOP later.
Go nuclear!
Obama has proved lately he didn't deserve that right. Wait and see. Money to Kenya was  message to votes. He played you.
Thank you Tim, we need him on Supreme  Court.
Hypocrite. How you enjoy your short lived senate seat.... Jokes on me since you'll be laughing all the way to the bank. Crook
Gorsuch is a sorry excuse for a judge. Just like 45 is a sorry excuse for a president and every republican is a sorry excuse for a jon
There's a promoted tweet telling ppl to call and tell you to reject Gorsuch. You'll get calls from people outside SC. SC is #ConfirmGorsuch
Dems in the words of a children's story " Let it go, let it go!!"
Does making mockery of scotus by withholding a qualified man the court make liberals feel justified. Please Dems stop acting like children
liar
#MerrickGarland was well qualified and should have been confirmed
#confirmgorsuch vote yes
POTUS is under FBI  investgation so the vote for SCOTUS should be postponed!! What's the big hurry!! It Could wait before! Why not Now?
How about a hearing for Merrick Garland?
When SCOTUS unanimously overturns a District Court Judge's ruling it is clear he isn't mature enough to be a SCOTUS judge.
Pres Obama nominee was well-qualified and he should have been confirmed.  Why you didn't write a column on that.
why vote yes on any of crooked donalds nominees until independent investigation? If dems block, I bet you vote for nuclear
like how Senate republicans blocked the garland nomination. Party over county again timmy
Garland is well qualified and should be shown the respect of a hearing.
Garland is well qualified and should be given a hearing and confirmed.
Is he an evangelical?
Is he a white supremacist?
Does he believe in secularism?
Can you explain your stance on Garland so we all can understand why you feel like one was more qualified than the other?
.@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Reps representing donors. Dems representing constituents. @GOP corrupt. People watching.
Two words: Merrick Garland.
stop pushing this treasonous president's agenda! 29526 #impeach45 #trumprussia
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
stolen nomination, by Republican low life thieves...
"Blah blah blah blah I'm a real republican blah blah and I'll do as I'm told blah blah blah blah" Senator Tim Scott in Bluffton Today
wrong he is nominated by an illegimate president who has likely committed treason. Deal w that
Not so attractive if you are a woman! @SenatorTimScott you just vote party line Nuclear option not good for country. Party over country
Nominated by a President under FBI investigation!  And wouldn't answer questions asked of him
Gorsuch is fair??? Not if you're a woman! So wrong on this one, Senator!
Garland at least as qualified & more fair! He should have been given a hearing! #ThisIsNotOk
Party over people... Again!
thought so until I read his cases. Usually doesn't rule for the avg guy, just corporations
Let us know when you aren't Republican Party line!!' Otherwise we will just assume.
#MerrickGarland
Here is why I'm voting in 2018 to unseat all @GOP
Why didn't you have the decency to even give Hedge Garland a Hearing?
Merrick Garland.
Tim. Did you interview Garland ?!
Merrick Garland
Judge Garland is well-qualified and SHOULD HAVE HAD A HEARING!!!
vote no on Gorsuch! He will not protect individuals from corporate greed.
FRAUD! The Supreme Court seat was stolen and you helped. Your boss Trump is a LIAR and @SenatorTimScott is his grinning lackey. SHAME.
Also, we should NOT have any life time appointments till #russiagate is sorted out
So was Merrick Garland. Where was your outrage then?
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland is still nominated for that seat, correct?
Did you write a column about how well qualified Garland is? No? Why not?
TL;DR - Because you're a puppet that puts party over country.
Merrick Garland never got a hearing.
Judge Garland was at least as well-qualified and never received the dignity of a hearing, let alone a vote. More GOP hypocrisy.
Thank you. Most support Judge Gorsuch.  This will backfire on the Dems with voters that have had enough with partisanship.
So was Merrick Garland
Thanks 4 completely ignoring the ongoing investigation into this WH's legitimacy in this piece Tim..I think you might be in the sunken place
Hillary lost, with zero evidence of Russian "hacking"
