Do you EVER actually work or Tweet anything that is IMPORTANT?
you're tweeting so you must not be actually working
/ still better than #snowstormstella weather...why am I heading home so soon?!? #seeyousoonihope
minnesota
Florence got a dusting. It reawakened our northern urges, so we drove up to Fayetteville for a hockey game.
What is your stance re Trumps instruction to dismantle the CLEAN POWER PLAN
So much for global warming.
we are supposed to get 18 inches...PLUS.!!÷
What is your stance re Trumps instructions to dismantle the WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES RULE
yes Tim I am very proud of you. Great job for south carolina.
LOL...we are ...Long Island, NY, Senator!...Please send some Sc sun & heat !!!...

Greenville got a dusting. Thanks for all you do Senator !

No snow, but we're getting a snow job from GOP w/RinoCare. OMB is right. Free market is only way. Govt out of healthcare!
Northern Indiana will get snow tomorrow!
I am, here in Wisconsin
Only 28% of eligible voters voted for Trump. I wonder how many of them didn't realize that the ACA is "Obamacare?"
Sadly, Trump has some low info, high tolerance voters, but how is that going to pan out for the GOP?
Repeal at your peril....
What is your stance re: Trump eliminating 38 EPA programs
so far Rock hill, I saw one snowflake, at first thought it was a dem, but it was a real snowflake only one.
America. America is being snowed by you Republicans.
repeal Obamacare
I'm in Florida so it's sunshine and nice weather. PLEASE help repeal Obamacare. We DO NOT want a replacement.
GOP no longer believes in Capitalism,I guess. OMB will tell Congress it can't pass $ test...but GOP=DEMS=SOC.
12" -18" in CT!
not me thank the Lord! I was so ready for early summer! 
Snow in Fort Mill. 80°s in February. What are you going to do about CLIMATE CHANGE? #epa
not in Colorado, golf again
Gaffney had a good dusting.
Boiling Springs up until 10am
- 5 minutes in Upstate.
we got close to 4 inches in Lancaster
in Midwest we are grieving are nice weather of a week ago
Northeast Columbia
Japan!
one inch in Fuquay Varina NC, 80 last week !
when are you going to have town hall meeting in Columbia? Am a breast cancer survivor and do not want repeal of ACA.
Cleveland, Tennessee!
Snow on the Azaleas in Columbia
How bout those H-2B VISAS? Why do YOU want to IMPORT more workers? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump AMERICA & AMERICANS FIRST!
no snow in Beaufort County, Senator! Please Repeal Obamacare! Thanks for representing us.
some here in MO, tend to think fronts/storms pick up steam as they head east...sorry
I hope your staffer gave you the information on Friday. Please help my mother w/ the VA.
my five-year old grandson in Seneca said he didn't get any snow there, so he is going to the mountains to see the snow. 
Augusta Ga is not
just rain, but needed it
not as many people now that the border is being watched and the illegals aren't carrying it in. Dontchaknow Brother? Right?
.@SenatorTimScott It's 82 degrees and sunny here in Fort Lauderdale Tim
#snowinloris
Elgin has an inch or so.
80 degrees friday, snow today. Our planet is dying, thank God u voted in scott pruitt to oversee climate protection
I remember it doing the same thing 30 years ago sweetie. Planet is going nowhere
oh hey look everybody Tim Scott suddenly cares about his constituents
fort mill
Greenville County had less than an inch when I woke up. It has now melted.
DO YOUR JOB AND THAT'S NOT WEATHER!  COME TO THE UPSTATE AND SEE HOW MUCH SNOW WE HAVE.
Lake Carolina snow
in columbia we are.
If Obama were in office you would not sidetrack from anything he does. You are an excellent black Confederate soldier.
Me, watching Paul Ryan on @FaceTheNation; huge snow job!
Camden!
Coming down pretty good since 9:30 at my homestead in Florence!
in coastal NC, first rain, then sleet, then a few flurries.
Grass is covered in Clover
Darlington checking in with a nice light blanket of snow.

- 11AM in Lexington #scwx
we get snowed every day by the Republicans!
Not me 

1 in Inman, SC! It's gorgeous!
Got some on Friday  Bracing for projected Nor'easter on Tuesday 
We got about an inch in Denver, NC!
about an inch on the ground and still coming down in Rock Hill.
when & where is you town hall?
Not in SWLA but I did have to wear long sleeves to church🕇
no snow in North Charleston
Lexington here #NotMyWinter
I'm in Bali, Indonesia   SC girl getting no snow here!  Thank you, Tim Scott!  Proud of your service!
hasn't stoppped since 7am in NE cola
Live from Greer.
Pretty sure you need to fire that up - perfect grilling weather!
Not FL ! We are the Son Shine state! We have a very special Senator He keeps our state sunny @marcorubio
the snowflakes you support

Had a little but Sun is shining now.
