You can't say these things and also support a racist president. It doesn't work.
Not a racist only in your mind
Funny thing is why aren't  we up in arms for the Democratic party to change there name? They have a long history of racism to this day.
Hey, Tim...thanks for your statements. Isnt it maybe time to reconsider your party affiliation?  If not, please clarify why not.
IGNORANCE ABOUNDS.. explain what the democrats have offered any of us!!!
Oh, there are a couple things...
Fake...propaganda
Hate is not learned.  Its the devil tempting you and you acting on it.  Just like eve!
Hate is hate and both sides are wrong we condemn both sides and to blame only one is totally wrong
Let's see more actions from republicans that indicate you are serious. BTW, tell Trump he gets no support while he plays footsie with evil.
Trump is helping America more jobs than in last 16 years why not give him a chance you will be better off
too bad the leader of yr party is too busy retweeting far right conspiracy theorists who hang out with richard spencer to unite the country.

a true rubio republican would never defend trump.
Ha ha.. perhaps if Senator Rubio had breakfast and asked you to UNITE Rubio Rep so his BILLS wd be signed by Trump, nt Veto by HILLARY
You fed and bred this monstrosity and now believe that disingenuous platitudes will suffice? #Impeach #Resist #FrankenTrump #Audrey45
Communist Antifa threw bottled urine/rocks at police White supremacist Kessler founded established January 2017 he was an Obama  supporter
Thank you senator, a breath of fresh air, black and white, we need each other
So please explain why you happily play supporter to this trash?? WE'VE BEEN TELLING YOU FOREVER.
LMAO. Agree 200% with what you are saying...sadly your party and the incompetent president do not share your thoughts. LIP service is all.
Then why do you continue to support this 'president'? Or the GOP, for that matter?
And you support the GOP's voting rights restrictions? Anti-LGBT rulings? Tax breaks for the top 1%?

That racism & hatred is putting down roots in the White House while the GOP stands idly by & allows someone who is unfit to serve remain.
Right on, Senator. The question is who is doing the training and what is their goal?
Mary Jane is the best antidote. lets get everyone passing blunts.
I am not a racist but do not think it's right to take down the Robert E Lee statue!
Senator, denounce your president. Until then, these words ring hollow.
Are you a liberal?
Your words ring hollow when you voted for and support Trump and his agenda. You are a traitor, Tim.
Stop Trump is president and our country needs to stop hating on each other
Do you ever speak to the people you serve directly, one on one, rather than at a podium? Asking for some friends.
Yes he does.We are proud of Mr Scott.are you from S.C?
Well Tim, you're in the party of racism & hate & greed & lies & blame the other. So u are part & parcel of the bigotry.
STUPID ATTEMPT.. TROLL
LOL! No troll, Snowflake and one who sees bigotry in hate filled so called southern Christian women who support 45! UR pathetic
Or we could just keep saying our group is good and yours is evil until we all kill each other..... smh
Sen. Scott's message was literally "fight fear, hatred &domestic terror" if u have a problem with that u don't want 2 work toward a solution
Why are we not talking about the statue and who requested it to be removed?  What is the reason why it was requested to be removed?
Thank you Senator Tim Scott for your words.
True!  It'd be mighty helpful if hateful tweeters would try unity.
I don't unify with evil. Bad communication corrupts good behavior. Period.
Mr Scott I agree more unity less hunting faults liberals are gonna whine regardless what Trump does.
And yet, you continue to follow Trump, a man who literally supports people who would see you destroyed . Please, explain this to me.
Uncle Tom Scott.
Senator Scott it is time for you to dump President Trump.  He is a racist and bigot and will bring you down. Let's see you stand up against
How can you support this president?
I told everyone @POTUS slogan was Make America White again. No one believed me. You are an enabler. @SenatorTimScott
The disease has fully infected the executive branch and the GOP.
What will you do to save America?
Racism comes in all colors I'm part Cherokee and part Irish!  Destruction of history not valid under any circumstance!
Please urge congress to push for the prosecution of all who destroy or deface our statues, monuments or historical plaques!!
FINALLY A PERSON WHO MAKES SENSE UNLIKE OUR PRESIDENT!
All Republican representatives including those brave souls in the " Freedom Caucus" need to distance themselves from this National Disgrace
Based on his actions today, our President and the leader of the Republican Party, has unequivocally sided with white supremacist.
Actually the best antidote against racism is self-awareness, self love and knowledge.
Your words do not match your actions. Your actions have proven that you support the destruction of our Democracy.
And... your boy blew it again
Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
Yet you continue to be a part of a party that supports it
The best antidote is love.  What's unity without love for all of our brothers and sisters?
Appreciated, Senator. What is GOP doing to clarify to white supremacists that they are not welcome under the conservative or GOP banner?
On that note, does @SteveKingIA still have a confederate flag on his desk? Can you ask him to denounce white supremacism?
Same rhetoric, no action. The GOP is a carrier of racism  and has for years been a vessel for hate. Start the fight in your own house.
Finally a voice of reason
A good step would be for our SC Senators and MOC to show up at peace rallies at the State House. Y'all missed 2 the last few days. Show up.
Actually the best antidote is LOVE because "love covers a multitude of sin" #underourskin @BenjaminSWatson
Your party practices hate and bigotry every time they suppress the vote of all ppl..especially ppl of color!
Thank you @SenatorTimScott your leadership and unity is much appreciated in these trying times. I wish all would stop and listen
Tim Scott; from SC, is speaking out NOW.....GTFOOH.....where have you been????
Your party has cozied up for years, Tim. And you've supported the agenda. Actions are louder than words.
Fight hatred, fear and domestic terror :  Resist. Impeach. Remove.
Sorry, not holding hands with a racist.
Protesting is not going to make a difference but just aggravate each other. Start protesting @home remind everyone hate is a solution but wa
Senator the only way to cure racism and hate is start at home. Remember that our first teacher is our momInforce love not hate @home.#MAGA
When Republicans remove Trump from office...we're waiting..your move.
your words are meaningless until YOU stand up to your party to end it
Stand up to your president and demand he remove the white supremacists currently serving in his admin. Anything less you may as well keep it
ALL hate groups should be jailed and made an example. This would definitely stifle racism, it's coming from them. The rest of us are fine!
By ALL I mean BOTH sides...KKK, white supremacist, BLM, ANTIFA...People are such hypocrites to only admonish one side of racism. #United
All you need to do to make things better is denounce your president. That's a good start. I won't hold my breath.
trump, Bannon, Miller,  @SebGorka  and Sessions are driving this.  Stand up to all of them Senator.  Call them out by name...
All talk & no action... same old crap
Hey Tim - why are you a trump rubber stamp?   This is what trump always was and always will be.  How can you sleep at night supporting him?
With all due respect senator, the problem in America is not one of dialogue, it is one of power. What legislation are u proposing that will
Address the power disparity between whites and blacks? There are concrete steps you could take even if these steps wouldnt pass your chamber
They would at least show the country that your words have meaning to them. Talk is meaning u r one of the few of us with real power. Use it
Talking is meaningless*
This 29910 family thanks you. Now please get your party to denounce Trump.
Sounds great re: tweet, but how exactly do u "treat" racism/hate w/unity? The VA nazi trash believed their views = 100% correct. Not changin
Those people want YOU to "go home to Africa" , and to do so, they say they have to "fulfill the agenda of DJT". How can you support pres?
it's learned from a system of white supremacy. They're just protecting white supremacy
There is nothing right about preventing a group from protesting the removal of Southern cultural & historical symbols. ALL SIDES.
Sen. Scott, please go on a crusade to promote the US as a melting pot. The left substituted "diversity" for this and it's the polar opposite
But I Tim Scott support the man Praises the Racism , who was the cause of Rising the KKK & Neo-Nazis . Senator, u voted for him
Those who portray all Republicans as racists are being hurtful and plain mean spirited. It perpetuates distrust and radical partisanship.
Where were all these speeches when leftist gunned down Republicans at baseball practice? No where near this uproar
Forget it, dude. This is the Party you belong to, and no amount of papering it over can hide it. The stain cannot be removed.
Fight racism with unity and love. Expose the supremacists. Don't censor them. Better to know them than to have them conspire in back rooms.
It's also perpetuated by fools like yourself.. "Do not be misled, bad associations spoil useful habits."
https://twitter.com/SenatorTimScott/status/897462505429233664 …
...and the first ideal to act on is your right to vote.  All citizens, register and get ready for #2018
There is nothing "right" about racism&hate. It’s a learned disease&the best antidote is unity. My op-ed in @USATODAY https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/08/14/fight-hatred-fear-domestic-terror-with-american-ideals-tim-scott-column/564755001/ …
So are you going to keep voting in lock step with whatever trump wants? “Your actions speak so loudly, I cannot hear what you are saying."
But you rubber stamp everything Trump does... You sir are part of the problem!
"You've Got To Be Carefully Taught - South Pacific (1958)"
Amen!!!

Beautiful example of words of unity in action.  We need more like the Jr. Senator from South Carolina.
The best antidote is the Gospel. Recognizing we're ALL sinners falling short of the glory of God, ALL made in His image, in need of a savior
Where is your pushback to this administration's assault on civil rights? You are a partisan toady.
You're support of the racist in chief says otherwise. Until you withdraw your support for him, your words ring hollow.
The racist left has no respect for @SenatorTimScott
Good piece. Unfortunately, the message will be largely ignored by both sides. People would rather live in an echo-chamber and promote hate.

It was a choice made "my way" the pride of life. No one ever wants to hear truth .Truth sets you free! Not revenge
To late!! You can't wait until he burns down the house then take away the match!! You all are enablers!!
Do something courageous. This isn't the Republican Party you signed up for. Nothing wrong with being a center right Dem. Change Parties.

It was not learned. Cain and Abel
On the Vital Importance of Forgiveness Ed http://bit.ly/2vA20WB  
Forgiveness as Order http://bit.ly/2wadDV3  @ForgiveToday #EndHate
#Healing Hearts, Building #Peace  #Forgiveness As The Path 2 Peace http://bit.ly/2nARXtl 
I PROUDLY voted for Obama TWICE , and then got called a racist for 8 years , voted Trump , no more Dems for me ever again, now ya know
and there will be nothing "left" of America if you continue to wage war on white people , newsflash , blacks can be violent racists too !!!
Tim writes what President Trump said on Saturday.
Thank you sir and God bless you 
Thank you sir!
good read.
The spirit of hate is  powerful, however the spirit of Love is more powerful. Only God can give you the Love to destroy that type of hate.
Thank you!
I agree 100% , so where's the condemnation for these racists ??? WHERE ??
Well how u gonna unite if u don't hear their thoughts  u sound like Donald trump. If we don't hear it ur way it's no way.
AMERICA HAS A CHANCE TO STOP HATE GROUP'S INSTEAD TAKING POLITICAL BULLSHIT DOMESTIC TERRORISM
Says a man who's black yet votes for laws that suppress the black constituents in his state.
Soros assets funding terrorist group Antifa needs to be frozen. MSM owes country apology for fueling hatred & violence. They are despicable.
Your words are true & I thank you for them but it's your actions in backing #potus that are concerning
Our country worked for yrs to grow together until Govt interfered with school & family to destroy decency & moral values. Hatred resulted.
Unfortunately, the comments are majority hateful from the left.
Thank you again for being brave and speaking in words that feel correct, right and just. It is not good for a party to embrace these people.
Your voice means a lot to Team Scott. Thank you!
He is not brave. He sits in silence while racist violence is condoned by the leader of his party. He simply serves as Trump's "hall pass."
Great piece from a great American.   The nation needs more unifying voices like yours, Senator.   You're a good man.
Thank You Senator, continue to spread that message
Just some more B.S.  Unity huh! There's a lot more than that involved. Little two liners are as worthless as the person pushing stupidiry

That's how I felt after the Dallas police officers shootings.
even when a woman is killed by nazis, you are unable to show a shred of decency if it means criticizing Dear Leader. you're a gross person.
tell it to farakhan
Astounding he who wrote that OP-ED consistently votes against the interests of hundreds of thousands of constituents who share his heritage.
You mean because he votes to make the economy better for everyone?  Because he wants the country strong for everyone?  Please...
We disagree.
He votes against the party that forces poor children of all colors to stay in failing schools because of the home their parent can afford
How does forcing poor children into failing schools help anyone?
FRUSTRATION on steroids.  Obama's divide & Conquer was his only success.
Please, for the love of all that's good and true, call out this racist @realDonaldTrump who is tweeting more alt-right crap tgis morning
Dear,mags, you arw,a Den no doubt, and party to the worst haters ever. Slave owners is what they were
Not a "Den" but please keep assuming you know me.
An unforgivable keyboard error
You call for unity but support a President who ran a campaign fueled by division and hate.  Which is it? Where do you draw the line?
Dems are renowned slave owners from the past. Move on
You would have been a "Dem" in the past chucklehead.
Unfortunately you support a president who tolerates, even welcomes, it. Denouncing it practically at gunpoint is disingenuous.
Repudiating potus and refusing to vote for his hateful agenda would have been a good start to not normalize him and his racism.
Take a deep breath and examine. Are you a follower or truth seeker. Do you really trust your source
@MattMackowiak @USATODAY It is a learned desease like Trump learning from his daddy who was arrested at violent KKK rally
Pay no nevermind to the imp detractors
That's the scripted answer u all say when confronted with anything . Congress Show us an example of This unity u speak of
The bots are really out pushing this Nazi stuff, and Tim Scott is a useful idiot playing right along. You are embarrassing yourself.
I Agree Sir 

yeah, but you guys left the Democrats and became republicans because Nixon sweet talked you with racial overtones.
