#StopDeVos
#BetsyDeVos is an attack on education
Please don't vote in favor of DeVos. She certainly does not care about every child in every zip code.
I'm asking that you strongly consider voting against Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education. Please think of our children!!
#BetsyDeVos will not allow school CHOICE. Choice involves successful public schools as well!! #VoteNoDevos
So, let's fund all districts equally for starters. Every child in the state, so it doesn't matter where they live.
School choice does not solve any problems. What about the kids left in those under-performing schools? #DumpDeVos
Please post your office's tally of constituent calls on DeVos. We need to know whether you vote with the SC people want!
a staffer of yours in Columbia today told constituents there in person that the best way to voice concerns is via Twitter.
is this true? For video of the encounter:
my DMs are open if you'd rather respond in that manner. Just wanting to confirm what your staffer told us.
Still no response from @SenatorTimScott. cc: @WatchYourRepsSC
a staffer of yours in Columbia today told constituents there in person that the best way to voice concerns is via Twitter.
don't expect a response from Sen Scott. But he and his staff see this. And so does the world.
sad & true. I linked vid of staffer telling ppl twitter is best way to reach him as reply to orig tweet
Do you hear us now? We are not robots.
Education starts at home not at school
$50k from Betsy VeVos? Pretending you believe this video crap? your constituents are saying vote NO!
Kids deserve to die less frequently from guns. What about that?
SC kids need a leader who knows public ed! I hope that you will vote in the best interest of kids! #SayNoToBetsyDeVos
stop drinking the Trump kool-aid and stand up to vote No to DeVos! Do the right thing for SC
I agree with you, but Devos is NOT the right choice.
please vote 'no' on @BetsyDeVos Your vision for improving education will not happen with her at the helm.
if you truly believe this, you will vote to #StopDeVos
#SchoolChoice is NOT the answer to a quality education! In fact, it is more detrimental to equal access. #SayNoToDevos
I cannot believe you use Trump tactics to dismiss and spin how you will vote. Accepting her endangers most vulnerable.
DeVos has spent$25,000 a day for this position. Her charter schools in MI are among lowest performing in nation.
sayNO to Devos
will you be voting no on Betsy DeVos? you truly believe rural america will strive under DeVos?
please listen to your constituents, and Americans everywhere, and vote against Betsy DeVos! #StopDeVos
please don't be that guy! Vote NO for DeVos!
School Choice doesn't mean confirming a candidate because they gave $$ to your party. #noDevos #AllMeansAll #lostmyvote
Thank you for supporting choice in education.  Choice means location, as well as CONTENT.  Dump Common Core-loving #DeVos
As one reasonable person to another: Please vote NO for Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified in every sense of the word.
Quality schools will NOT result under leadership of Betsy DeVos. SC children deserve better! Oppose her nomination!
we as citizens also want to have the choice to pick a fitting candidate for SoE.  Betsy is not a good fit. #VoteNoDevos
How much is she paying you? #SchoolChoice
Betsy DuVos + Tim Scott = $49k Campaign Donation and big conflict of interest. South Carolina "sees"'you!
Vote no to Betsy DeVos #SayNoToBetsyDeVos
I would hope your commitment to education in America is backed up by voting against DeVos who is laughably unqualified
.@SenatorTimScott many of your constituents (Repubs & Dems alike) are unable to reach you (VM full) to say #SCsaysnoDeVos
@WatchYourRepsSC
nice with the residency proof! I had luck right at 8:30 am when they opened.
As a teacher in NChas, NO TO DEVOS. Please listen to your educators.
please protect our public schools and the children who rely on them.  #StopDeVos
Measuring school success by budget means non revenue producing sports and arts are cut. Increased class size will happen.
Taxpayers know student success is school success. When more go to college, earn more, pay more taxes, build economy.
Thank you! It is immoral to leave underprivileged and disabled children in the dust, which DeVos would do!
Then you should be listening to all of us who are begging #nobetsydevos
Please tell me this means you wont be supporting Betsy Devos, who literally has no knowledge of any of the issues!
And you will guarantee access to transportation. And availability.
And promise me you'll visit the schools along I-95.
I know it's crazy to even ask. No politician worth their donations would ever allow shameful conditions to persist for kids
.@SenatorTimScott Do the right thing and vote no for DeVos.
School Choice is a good thing. However, the nominee for Secretary of Education is utterly unqualified for this or any post!
We applaud you for standing up for education. Please vote against Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified for this invaluable role!
Yes, Senator Scott! Please stand behind this statement by voting against DeVos! Make SC proud & give all kids a fair shot!
Then you must vote NO on DEVOS.Americans are watching.Devos not a friend of public education.
surely you do not believe this crap you are selling,stop trying to ruin public schools!
listen to the people of your state, this is despicable, I could barely read your response email
education is clearly not so important to you if you allow yourself to be bought out by DeVos we will remember this Senator
no no and no. You should be listening to teachers from public schools and students and parents.
Please vote NO on Devos!! #supportpublicED
If quality education is important, support a QUALITY nominee for Sec Ed.  Ask @realDonaldTrump to try again. #nodevos
then help the school's already in place w/ dedicated staff, don't start new private charters. #NoDeVos
Please vote no for Betsy Devos. She is unqualified and unethical. Our kids deserve better! Thank you!
Students and educators deserve better leadership at the federal level than Ms. DeVos. Please vote NO!
Do your duty &VOTE NO on #BetsyDeVos.Our kids deserve someone how at least knows what IDEA is! Do what's right!
#noDevos
Local constituent (zip: 20466) urging you to vote NO to DeVos. Our public schools are important to us. #SCSaysNoDeVos
As your constituent I urge you to vote NO Devos. We deserve someone qualified,  not one who bought your vote #VoteNoDevos
, you've become the man to give those children and school's that chance.  Is confirming someone with 0 exp. the way 2 do it?
Kids in every zip code have disabilities and should have access to quality education through IDEA, a new concept for DeVos
let's make sure we have the appropriate person in office, someone who has a great connection to US teachers and students.
I am a SC voter urging NO to Betsy DeVos for the sake of our children; I have two in SC public schools.
The just vote NO re Betsy DeVos!!!!
Betsy Devos campaign contribution to Tim Scott  $7,400 in 2014-15
block DeVos nomination. Not qualified. Not good for the country.
Real voter in ColumbiaSC calls on you 2 vote NO 4 Betsy DeVos. She contributed 2 your campaign but u work 4 constituents.
#saynotodevos
ur zip as a child wasn't in the wealthy part of town. Under DeVos ur education would have been subpar. #Yourefired #devos
it's important in 29206 too #SupportPublicEducation #NOTODEVOS #RetiredEducator #Mykidsgotgreatpubliceducation
You stated in P&C that you only heard from nonSC on DeVos.  Open your ears and check your email  SC is opposed to Devos!
We need fully funded public schools and better paid teachers. I'm for school choice, but #NotoDeVos. Needs more experience!
Yes, quality schools everywhere matter! Public schools were created for that purpose, but lack of funding = disparities.
so they can enhance their children's quality of life and experiences
you won't do that by voting for DeVos education starts at home what are you doing ton provide liveable wages 4 parents
: please vote NO on DeVos. I reside in SC.
School choice takes away from all students to give to a lucky few. So...choice isn't really the school it is the student.
keep upholding your beliefs by voting NO!!!
I am a member of 2 School Improvement Councils and can tell you we already have to fight tooth and nail for every penny.
If you vote for DeVoss you are voting to kill our already underfunded public schools.
we want choice and FAPE not either/or #notodevos #autism #adhd #dyslexia
like @FortMillSD where they admit to violating child find laws and teacher verification laws but have no consequences?
IDEA guarantees FAPE when enforced. so does section 504. Why not fully fund them first?
- please reconsider your support of Ms, DeVos.  Charter schools have been a disaster in MI. She is unqualified.
what? You can't be serious    
Phone: (202) 224-6121.
Tim Scott.
US Senator.
Charter schools are a legal form of discrimination and caste formation. Say NO to Betsy DeVos
DeVos is the wrong choice to improve the quality of education. She has the $ not the knowledge or experience
@BetsyDeVos  She is clearly incompetent for this office. If you vote for her you prove you do not care for children.
Oh look, it's my cowardly @SenatorTimScott who's not up for re-election until '23 so isn't concerned  much about  consequences of choices.
Betsey DeVos is the D-in-L of RichardDevos, former head of CNP, and group whos members include KKK and Nazi. Not your type
I am a constituent.  PLEASE vote "no" on DeVos.  I have two children attending public school in Richland One.
This vote is not about school choice.  It's about an incompetent nominee in @BetsyDeVos
Please, DeVos is not the right choice #dotherightthing
She is NOT COMPETENT.  Shame on you.
Hypocrite you all want to privatize voucher for schools NO Gun loving uneducated person for my child! No DeVoss
Stand up for what is right for all children. Vote NO for Betsy DeVos.
just say #noDevos #NoBanNoWall stand up against the insanity!
NO TO DEVOS
please do not approve @BetsyDeVos she is not an educator.
No to DeVos.
#NoDeVos
School choice is code for diverting tax dollars from neighborhood schools to private schools.Improve neighborhood schools
Betsy DeVos is the wrong choice. Prove you can't be bought for ~50,000 which is what you received from her.
I can't get a message to you bc your voicemail has been full for days! Vote NO on DeVos!
I am one of the constituents that called your office. I am upset that you are so dismissive. No script needed.
You lost our vote!  As a public educator in SC, I do not support DeVos as Sec of Edu!
Betsy DeVos may be a great donor, but she doesn't know anything about education.
you say your constituents aren't getting in touch. Clear your voicemail.
Every kid does deserve a quality education.  Fix the schools we already have!
#saynotobetsydevos 
Stand up for the right to education funding that rightfully belongs at public schools to help all kids
Please vote NO to Betsy DeVos. We already have the Corridor of Shame and your job is to help your SC become MORE EDUCATED
SC voter here! #SCSaysnotoDeVos
Follow the evidence on the failure of Devos and the policies she is proposing.  Follow the evidence, NOT the money.
Don't prove me wrong.
As a fellow CSU alum, I'd like to think you have more integrity than to sell your vote to Devos for $50,000.
how about you fix the schools and then there would not be a need for choice.
our kids don't deserve @BetsyDeVos. Please vote NO. I'm a mom of 3 kids in public school, 2 have IEPs & 1 has a 504
#SCSaysNoToDeVos Reject and Vote #nay to DeVos. Wholly unfit for job and no meaningful experience. Ignorance is #dangerous
You may be behind school choice, but DeVos is *beyond* unqualified. Vote NO to her confirmation. Zip: 29201
For profit education is unacceptable. Please vote no on #Devos. My son is finishing his last semester as a public educator.
--I AM a SC voter, not someone from out of state urging you not to vote fro Betsy DeVos.  Your support of DeVos is WRONG!
if you mean what you say do not vote in favor of Betsy DeVos.
I live in SC, please vote NO to Betsy DeVos. You can have school choice without the profit motive of a charter school.
Your constituents from all parties are saying No to Devos. Are you with us? Or are you bought? #saynotodevos
Bottom line is our schools and our state's progress is at risk. In 4 years, high school can help or limit student future.
you work for the people of SC and the people say NO to DeVos
I called your offices last week. I am a retired teacher from your state. I read no script. I oppose a DeVos.
Same here. Your quote to P&C on getting mostly out of state script calls misleading (at best, a lie at worst)
You sir, are losing all respect and votes when you have this time to stand up for justice and equality. Feeling betrayed.
They do, but if you support DeVos, you cheated them. She values $ over learning. Her MI charter schools worst in nation.
It shouldn't be about #schoolchoice. It should be about school EQUALITY! All schools should be giving a quality education
NO TO DEVOS I voted for you. Please do what is right for the parents and children in SC schools
Give back the $50K and vote No! #NotoDeVos #ItsNotTooLate #OpposeDeVos
school choice ROBS functioning public schools of necessary dollars.  Change school $$ to be equal,  not based on prop tax
school choice is a crock and just a blown up version of what created the corridor of shame.
.@SenatorTimScott "School choice" harms minority children and children with special needs. Stop hurting the most vulnerable students.
You are a hypocrite. I'm ashamed you are my Senator.
baloney that all your calls about the unqualified DeVis are from out of state. Happy to give you my Mt Pleasant address
That's why PUBLIC education is SO important. Please do NOT vote to confirm Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary.
every zip code deserves high quality PUBLIC education and your bestie DeVos is unqualified to make that a reality
what about for people who can't drive their kids to a better school, or can't afford to send them to private school?
To make sure every child in every zip code has the chance for a quality education is to improve every neighborhood school.
Betsy DeVos is not qualified for the position she seeks as SOE.  Please vote NO for Ms. DeVos.
Betsy DeVos unqualified to lead.  Please value our children and reject her as a nominee. School choice code for racism!
.@SenatorTimScott I ask that you vote NO to DeVos- Listen to the PEOPLE you work for, not the people who bought your vote.
Then you should vote NO to DeVos! Unqualified! How can you justifiy her to the zip codes here in SC?! #VoteNoOnDeVos
Devos profits from school choice.
What about the most vulnerable?Make ALL neighborhood schools GREAT!Do they need social workers or tutors?Vote NO on DeVos.
As an educator please vote NO to DeVos-She's not experienced. Not credible. Not educated on key issues/laws in education.
is the issue of how some of these children will be able to get to the school of their choice been discussed?Justwondering
If you truly stand for quality educ for all, vote #no to DeVos. Sincerely, a public school teacher fighting for my kids.
I would encourage you to visit @lafrancelions to see for yourself how the highest quality of education is provided daily.
I invite you to visit the SC public school where I teach. These children get a quality education. You are a disappointment.
is the pride of this republican
then stand up like you believe what you say and vote against Betsy DeVos, possibly the most unqualified nominee
to public schools is called throwingat a problem but givingto charter & private schools is "investing" in our future?
@LWOSmwilson1113 Sorry Sen Timmy.  CharterSchools are not accountable to the cities or towns where the schools are.
why can't public schools meet the needs of students?
thankful for your commitment. Praying you'll protect our public schools by voting AGAINST @BetsyDeVos #worriedmom #scvoter
agreed. That's why you should vote "NO" on Betsy DeVos. SC students deserve better.
don't vote for DeVos. That'll be one of the dumbest things you would do in your whole career.
@blackrepublican We could also have competent leadership in the DOE.
@blackrepublican You can also use excellent public schools as models.
white liberal want to keep control over poor black kids. Keep the schools crappy and keep voting for Dems!
Thanks for sharing, Senator. Although Betsy DeVos shares the opinion, I hope you vote against her due to lack of experience
Oppose confirmation of Betsy Devos for Sec of Ed. She is as unqualified 4 the role as @realDonaldTrump is 4 Prez. #Resist
Even the folks that worked with Betsy DeVos say she is not qualified. Don't come down on the side of stupid on this
@realMaryDeann I, one of your constituents, believes in great, quality PUBLIC education. DON'T vote DeVos 4 Education Sec!
Every child deserves an Education Secretary that has experience and a breadth of knowledge-not one size fits all
.@SenatorTimScott has a great message for #schoolchoice week. http://bit.ly/2k9Zz80 
A quality education provides a "level playing field" for all students to pursue the America dream!  I personally know this!
@garydailydrift Thete is no quality education anymore, except if you can send kid to private school. Expensive private sch
My nephew, American born in Germany, came 4 yrs ago no english. Went charter school FL. He got 4 yr scholarship @UofAlabama
how much did Betsy Devos pay for your support? $$$$ #StopDevos #savepublicschools
I'm not opposed to #SchoolChoice but I am opposed to Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified to lead our education dept. Vote NO.
so fund schools in rural SC properly. Taking their funds only benefits a few. #votenoondevos
this is a terrible idea. You will destroy schools for the poor. Surely you can see this.
have you looked at Michigan schools under her influence? Awful. I know first hand how terrible this would be. Partisan hack
sc schools are some of the worst in the country. Voting DeVos as SecEducation will show your commitment to failure
I'm glad to hear you hold education so dear. I'll be expecting you to oppose Betsy Devos's confirmation.
let's better support those underperforming schools then!
FIX the public schools! Don't abandon them!
Keep it up, @SenatorTimScott
@Fed_up_Jane ..Senator Scott from the great state of South Carolina, you are doing a great job in Congress!
District 6 does not want DeVos. If you vote yes to her we will vote no to you!!
your mailbox is full. Please be available to your constituents. Calling again tomorrow. #noDevos NO to #DeVos
You cannot possibly vote to confirm DeVos? Do so & the teachers and parents will ensure you don't get elected again  29369
Senator you are absolutely wrong on Betsy DeVos. She is so wrong for the education system in our country.
without healthcare it means nothing Keep ACA
she should crawl back in her hole
