I couldn't agree more!  Rep Lewis...u should change ur mind & go to the inaurguration! get off ur high horse
yes and almost everything Dr King has worked for is going down the drain!
Tone deaf Dems who's state was won by @realDonaldTrump should attend inauguration. The silent majority is speaking!
One good way to do so, is to vote no on Senator Sessions nomination.
@Carolde @Medium tell that 2 @repjohnlewis & the motley crew insulting 63MILLION AMERICANS.. #MLKDAY
yes so fight #trump #draftdodger all the way
God bless all on January 20
Your leader Trump is the most divisive PEOTUS in history! Will u denounce him?
Yes.
Thank you for the reminder, and I admire you for your dedication to America
Have great respect 4 MLK,but he would be very sad to hear the racebaiters' hateful rhetoric
glad to read this. So you will support #LGBT equality bills ensuring freedom for all Americans. Right? @HRC @ACLU @NAACP
#seriously?
But you backed the single most divisive man to run for Prez in my lifetime...now u say Pull together? Sad...WRONG!
I agree,now if you can just get Democrats on board because they are the new Hate party who loves to bully people!
You Sir are an American hero! It is strong, courageous leaders like you who will heal this great American family! God bless
YOU owe it to Dr. King to recuse yourself from the DeVos confirmation #moneyCORRUPTS
:Sorry to say, seems like the conservatives are the only ones that want that! We will not let you down, Mr King.
#BLM_POC_Black @OfficialCBC @repjohnlewis @RevAl
Be like #KING_earn_respect_not_pity_and_shame
Well said Sen. Scott...
@roadtoserfdom3 @Medium Pastor Archibald Carrey wants his speech back,for his Dream happened at the 1952 GOP Convention
I've heard that but, if the message is sound and it resonates, it can't hurt to let that slide.
Plagiarism is slidable ? I think that's what we call the theft of intellectual property. #MLKDAY
I guess the real question is: How much did MLK get paid to give that speech?
Freedom, certainly. But unity requires actual agreement on principles, not unity for its own sake.
Too bad those on the Left refuse to see it that way. SMH
Trump does not promote unity,Trump pushes for division daily on twitter!!6 years he headed birther movement of first black potus,not unity!!
SOME of us are supporting John Lewis today in South Carolina!
I live in Summerville,you disgust me in taking Trumps side in attacking John lewis on twitter,Trump is a "illegitimate president"shame on U.
Great encouragement, to bad the obstructionism used as cooperation by the Republican Party has us divided
"Unity" under God/etc instead of other things like Sin/Satan/etc (history). Decentralization counters demagoguery
I'm white, & let me say that Black Democrats today could not carry the jockstrap of the great Dr. King.
Unlike the race hate lobby shouting racist determined to divide and destroy humanity http://writerbeat.com/articles/14357-Laws-of-Political-Correctness-clarified-and-written-down …
have great respect for you Senator Scott. But the "unity" has to come from the opposing side
Great man
True. We must show respect t to those who marched for those freedoms, don't you agree?
Agree and wish you could teach that to the other side of the aisle.
Sen @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump @SheriffClarke @PastorDScott @pastormarkburns  Reach out 2Lewis,helpHIM
RepLewis MLK'sMUSTlive in UPls
he was good until he stated he was going to D.C. To get our check.. dig deep more than a dream
Absolutely, God Bless you and your family Mr Scott keep up the righteous work young man
Amen Senator Scott. Everyone needs to embrace the points of his beautiful "I Have a Dream" speech.
I truly hope you take this day to reflect on Dr. King's words and action and how they apply to your district
Wouldn't it be nice?!?!?!!
OH THE IRONY. He who is divisive against those he claims is divisive.
Liberty over Tyrany.
Agree. One party needs to stop tyrannical efforts to impede the peaceful transition of power.
Definitely!  Too bad the left can't figure that out.
Sad that so many use MLK's example for monetary and political gain. Other's who are now a Senator are called names
thank you!
you Sir will make a great POTUS.
I would reverse those phrases, until oppression is stopped it is a disservice to the oppressed to unite.
Your party is will do away with voting rights, civil rights....health care reform.... sir... delete your account.
Reps r trying to improve health care and Dems are blocking civil rights not recognizing our PEOTUS

Amen!
