voters will have a long memory this cycle.  People are woke and will stay that way til midterms
you will regret this decision and we will be there to say we told you so 
Bad choice for students nationwide. Sen. Scott should represent constituents' best interests.
STOP ignoring your constituents! PLEASE Vote NO to DeVos!!!
Agree that $ isn't only issue.We need a leader who understands complex problems.  DeVos doesn't know basics.
you have FAILED the people of South Carolina 
I have appreciated your support on many issues. I agree a change is needed, however DeVos is not qualified.
I don't care why you supported Devos. I DO care why you ignored our request for you to NOT.
For you 2 say that Choice introduces competition so public schools can perform better is a sad defense.
SO disappointed in your decision. A shame partisan politics are more important to you than the future of SC #wontgetmyvote
@Basquelady2u @BetsyDeVos @GreenvilleNews You're a good man Senator Scott.
If you're not going to speak for the people step down from office. How much $ has DeVos given you again? $50,000???
https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2017/01/betsy-devoss-policy-evasion/513440/ … Yep. $50K
YOUR VIEWS WILL FURTHER DISENFRANCHISE THE DISABLED, POOR, IMMIGRANTS,  LEARNING DISABLED
Poor kids don't have the means 2 get 2 the 'other' schools. Fix schools where they are zoned & stop catering 2 the rich.
SHAME ON YOU. SC has never had a worse senator. And that's saying something.
I do not agree
Pro-choice=vouchers=tax $$ 4 rich to pay 4 private school, poor  left behind in unfunded pub ed
This could also be titled "Why I Will Never Vote For @SenatorTimScott Again" @GreenvilleNews @BetsyDeVos
you had thousands of calls and you listened to none us. $$ is all you see and that is sad! Do what you were elected to do!
, your opinion piece shows you know nothing about #DeVos and public education. @GreenvilleNews #idiot
because she OWNS you!!!
You have done some great things for the State of SC and the USA-but the @BetsyDeVos choice was the wrong one. fmr. SC voter
you are doing a great job representing my views.  Thank you for being the voice of reason.
@WatchYourRepsSC @BetsyDeVos @GreenvilleNews And I'll stand in strong support if whoever your opponent will be.
@Karee_news Senator Scott, you R doing a great job & R a fine exemplar 4 youngsters to emulate
Wrong reasons, sir. Statistics don't lie. #NoOnDeVos
- BAD decision!! You will find out
You won't be reelected
Public Schools should not be in competition with privately funded schools. #publicschoolsuccess
Because she gave you money. We know why.
Disgraceful.
you are standing AGAINST South Carolina students! Voters are watching!
Voters will remember that lobbyist have more pull with you than citizens. Please do better.
you are a good man Senator Scott! Your comments and suggestions are welcomed and appreciated.
If anyone in America needs "school choice:" and or vouchers it's the American Africa community
why didn't this article mention your vote was purchased by DeVos? Make no mistake we are mobilizing against your corruption
This is a pleasant, vapid essay that ignores any reason why constituents are against DeVos. Vote NO!
Disgusting.
She is not qualified. She will harm our schools. She has no experience with public education
congratulations, you've convinced me to campaign against you. You're shaming our state.
Bottom line, she is not qualified.  Your vote was cheap, but will cost us dearly
She bought your vote for $49,200. RECUSE YOURSELF!
Constituent from Cola. It seems $>voters. I will do everything I can to oppose your reelection.
faulty logic
Keep pounding for Betsy and school choice!
You have GOT to be kidding.
#OpposeDeVos #noeducationexperience #pitifulanswersatEDhearing #supportscommoncore #DeVos=DiSaster
SC resident here. Very disappointed you're putting party before Country.
Disappointing. This woman is nowhere near suitable. Neither is Sessions or Tillerson.
I voted for you but not again.
because you're okay with losing your re-election
your support is contrary to her qualification and belies an ulterior motive $$
UGH.
be prepared to watch our public education system decline because of your vote. A pure republican donor reward.
You have$50,000 reasons why you support DeVos. How does it feel to sell yourself? #norespect
Well said sir!  South Carolina is well represented by you.
I'm sorry to hear you've let the fox in the henhouse. I suspect your heart is in the right place, but not hers.
Excellent decision.  I look forward to her leadership at the Dept of Education.
Money talks and you listen.  2022
here is why: $49,200 donated to your campaign. End of story.
The fact remains that you are IGNORING your constituents! We do NOT want Betsy DeVos to destroy our schools! LISTEN TO US!
Yer a good man Sen. Scott.  Please tell your Dem colleagues to stop playing politics w/security
She will be very good because she cares about the children
She didn't have to answer many questions at her hearing. Why?   SHIELDING UNQUALIFIED CANDIDATE
.@SenatorTimScott "Being pro-school choice does not mean you want to tear down pub. schools...the goal is the opposite." LET'S REMEMBER THIS
Her opinions on one issue do not automatically qualify her for this position. I am legitimately more qualified than she is.
How much did she pay you to say this? #DumpDevos
I thought he had more common sense than this.
Even school choice advocates oppose @BetsyDeVos because she is wholly unqualified on every level to lead @usedgov.
@SenatorTimScott No to  DeVos #NoActionNoVote 2018
I live in Columbia SC 
2018 is a vote against you @SenatorTimScott
the constant explaining doesn't change the fact that you're ignoring your constituents.
Stay strong Senator.
Good for you, our schools need help, just look at the illiterates they produce now.
you're losing votes...wish you were up for reelection come midterms. @BetsyDeVos @GreenvilleNews
I do not support your decision! You are showing your incompetence Scott. Step down!
Your support is in opposition to all experts on the subject.
Yes Black children deserve the best education possible, not the horrible public schools taken over by the marxist left!
Did you  not listen to her speak?
Thanks, Senator!
, time for the teachers unions to shoulder the blame for American public school failure
there are no teacher unions in SC
oh please,  come on.  Very disappointed
You're a good man Sen. Scott.  Please tell your colleagues to stop playing politics w/ safety
Afraid of the Cheeto haired monster I see.
I'm sure the $49,200 she's donated to you doesn't hurt either.
