man, I listened to your speech.. and as a Black conservative, I'm even more inspired than I was before..
he deals with some real hate
do u think we should all agree because we're the same race?
we should respect each other bc we are American.
but that is also our right as Americans to not respect those in authority
I said nothing about disrespect, I spoke about agreeing.
Senator, you no longer "work for the American people" as you voted for Ms. DeVos & cost you my vote 4 EVER
There r more American people than you. While he  lost your 1 vote he gained more. #integrity
lost mine.... That's two
why is it wrong to try to have a different system if it improves it when we thought it would not?
b/c she paid her way in and demonstrated that she has little knowledge of the current state of education
God forbid blacks are allowed to think freely. Btw, "race " doesn't exist. The left is obsessed w race & sex.
I heard your inspirational speech on vote to confirm J. Sessions, inspirational. Misty eyed here. Thank you.
So "important " you had to tweet it twice. Coincidentally it's double the amount of scruples you have.
never knew you before today on the senate floor & I just have to say regardless of party-you're a pure gem 4 truth. Thank u
I agree 100%
thank you for your service. I wish you many years of healthy and happiness. May the Lord continue to bless you.
You are a inspiration for everyone keep up the good work. GOD BLESS You
uncle tom the great .Have a mind of your own and stop following linsey graham
your lachrymose testimonies about how Jeff Sessions behaved like a civil human being toward some black folks is absurd.
Senator Scott, you are a true gentlemen and professional person and American. Thank you!! MLKJR is embodied in you
Thanks for your courage & integrity, Senator! Ignore the haters. @GOP #tcot
I am sorry I didn't know of u before. AMAZING. So we'll said. U make me proud 2 say Rep. Keep it up. Trust your <3
A black leader urging blacks and whites to look past skin color and judge by the content of their character.
But how could you possibly endorse someone is the face of voter suppresion?
Senator Scott, we should have a discussion about what you're willing to tolerate.
keep fighting the good fight Senator Scott.  I voted for you before I moved to Ga.  Youre a great man. #MAGA
Your votes have been so disappointing. DeVos and Sessions are terrible for South Carolina. Shame.
a white woman talking down to a black man. SMH
That's right, troll.  A white woman responding to her elected official, and who won't be silenced.
can't you just pull a Hillary and run away with your lesbian lover already?
American Family - Really - So appoint someone who will limit someone Family's rights based on his personal beliefs/faith
If you don't know history, you are bound to repeat it and make the same mistake - regress and no progress.
I'm so sorry for the intolerant people that call you names, you are an admirable man.
i wish we had you in Maryland instead of Van Hollen who is constantly bashing Trump
Can the GOP use rule XIX to get Gorsuch nominated?
@SenatorLankford @YouTube In Deporting illegals..plz start w protestors, violent felons 1st. Latest deport meant2stir pot.
We stand with you!! You were very brave calling this out and you have a true American spirit!
Your an amazing man, & will leave a legacy for many to follow!  Black, white, brown...we're all in this together!
Thank you for standing up and speaking - your due diligence is a great example today. #truthbombs
encouraging & challenging all regardless of race, thx for representing SC
I support you! Thank you for being a gentleman and a SC man!!!
thank you for supporting Jeff sessions. You are a true American who cares about America first. God bless
I would like to take this opportunity to say Thank you for everything you do for South Carolina & the US Senate
I was horrified to hear the things that have been said to you. Gen 50:20! Stand strong... walk worthy!
time to vote this man out. Unbelievable!
stay strong Senator! Good job calling out the "tolerant left"
you are awesome Tim
@SenatorLankford @YouTube you should be ashamed of yourself.  How do you sleep??  Go home and resign.  Afraid of trump
u r one of the most honorable senators! Keep up the good work!
God bless you Senator Scott.  Stand up for what you believe in the face of the intolerant left.
You Rock Sir!!! We love you and pray for you strength to Keep up your amazing work!! After Trump Tim Scott!
you are a joke for a black man and shows how a chip on your shoulder will keep racist ppl like you to still be racist
a man that you do know and that they do not but think they do because of a tweeked narrative. Horrible.
It is disgusting the things those supposed champions of the black race said about you because of your loyalty to
Your speech was very good. I was emotional hearing you read the hateful things ppl have said to you on twitter.
we love you Senator Scott!  Keep up the good fight.  Praying for you daily!!
I listened to your entire speech. Appalled at the comments and praise you for your strength. Continue fighting
We need more politicians like you, who're thoughtful and courageous.
- Thank you for having an open mind! I watched your video on race and the police - great way to start the conversation
I never truly appreciated the difficult path you must follow daily.  Keep fighting the good fight.
Disgraceful slings & slurs shows #LiberalHypocrisy #Racism #Bigotry #KKK history still alive!
kudos Senator Scott!
I respect you so much and stand with you.  You are exactly who we need in Congress.  Thank you.
With Sessions, you voted against civil rights, voting rights, basic equality & justice. We will not forget. #2022
We will never forget how you sold our nation's children to the highest bidder. We will unseat you #2022
great speech senator and thank you for your service to our state.
It was amazing, heartfelt and inspiring. I hated hearing those hateful words hurled at you. You embody #BlackHistoryMonth
thank god for common sense of what is right and proper, regardless of its popularity.  God Bless
Sorry U became a target of the intolerant left.  I have noticed their cruelty & violence, while they purport love?
Wanted to send you a positive tweet to counteract the negative. Eloquent and well spoken! Keep up the good work, sir!
please explain Charles Cooper. #Sessions
Sir. You are a leader of leaders. Your logic & competency are flawless. You sir, are exceptional. SC is fortunate.
OUTSTANDING!
"I got Obama to produce his birth certificate." I'm sure you stood up to trump on the senate floor on this.
Thank You So Much
Society needs people like Senator @SenatorTimScott
I appreciate your looking into the truth however I am still concerned for Sessions feelings on women's rights.
Senator if I'm qouting you properly" This is not about Rep or dems"then why are you putting all Dems in  #onebag?
A testament of who you are a great soul w/ full intentions of truth & honesty that brings goodness into our hearts
I'm Dem converted to Repub from MA:always admired you &even more now. You = a consistent voice of reason & calm.
Probably the classiest Senator in Congress. I hope his colleges can follow his lead and get rid of the personal vitrial
Thank you for all you do! You come across as a man of integrity. Thank you for supporting us all.
Thank you for this.....
This broke my heart.May God guide you through these troubling times.
why why you always be slave to the white man
thank you for digging deeper and sharing this with the public.
When will you be hosting a Town Hall in Greenville? We have been calling your office and emailing to find out.
@annharmon @YouTube really appreciated him and followed. We need to support these great people and make sure they are heard
I support you here from KY. Thanks for doing the right thing even though the liberal machine is fighting you!
Stay strong Senator!  The truth has no agenda!
Awesome speech. You make so much sense. I wish the Left would listen to you. Thank you for doing what is right.
As an independent, I thank you for elevating the discourse with eloquence & honesty. Informative, well-reasoned, balanced.
still watching the video. Real COURAGE under fire. I'm glad Sen Scott is serving this great country.
.@SenatorTimScott I'm outraged @SenateGOP enables #Trump #UnAmerican acts. BUT also shocked @ viscious insults hurled @ U. Both #Inexcusable
@JJl500 I watched and listened to Tim's entire speech on Cspan2.  BRILLIANT!!
South Carolina is very lucky to have you as their Senator. Can you give @SenSchumer some lessons please?
Have you ever had a real town hall meeting
I just watched an honest man revealing tweets of hate and racism. I'm now following you, sir. God bless n keep you
You're my hero, Senator Scott! Stay strong.
South Carolina is so proud of you.  # Our favorite senator
If they knew his life story,they might give him a little respect.
2020!
Majority Leader let you go on and on about tweets received from god-knows-who silences a civil rights icon! WTH
You sir are #BritFit Thank you from this immigrant.
breaks my heart how ppl r responding 2 u on Twitter. You r a true fighter 4 ALL ppl; u r pro ALL life. Keep @ it, brother!
Thank You for Standing up for what is Good and Right for ALL American.. Total Respect
Good job Senator Scott.  When is the left going to stop trying to divide us?
gotta stay strong! Will pay off in end. Good work
I just watched your entire speech and I'm so proud you are my senator!
So right!!South Carolina residents have an awesome and strong Senator!! 
By the way, when will you be running for POTUS?  #SenScott2024
Thank you
I too was born in Charleston and have lived in SC for 58 years.
You sir, are 100% South Carolinian-which is great.
So proud of you Mr. Scott. You are a defender of truth and righteousness. Thank you for standing up to hypocrisy.
To let you know Sen. Scott, I would welcome you in Ohio too, it seems thatwe think the same way. Thanks for rule 19 too :)
you rock! 
you sir are a great American! Don't falter, have strength and faith! #MAGA
Thank you for your service. I am so sorry your were treated like that. It made me so sad.
You give me hope that Americas future  is in good hands.
wonder if you had been able to do that, if others had kept quiet and not resisted ? What would Mrs. King say?
I also pray you keep being the salt in the Senate and especially to my Senator Cory Booker 
Thank You Senator Scott for your heartfelt speech on the floor yesterday. I was moved by your poise and humility
don't respect you, but can see why you voted the way you did. Every man for himself.
what an incredibly moving and poignant speech I have 2 biracial grandsons I fear the day they get these types of  comments
I find it funny that the people supporting you are majority white. You are a clever politician!
fear not Mr. Scott, we don't all feel the way some people feel about you supporting Senator sessions bravo
you put the fox in the henhouse. Either you don't understand the work of MLK or you don't respect it. SHAME!
very well spoken words. knocked it out of the park!
A big thank you for standing your ground and not being bullied. We the people appreciate you!
Hang in there, Liberals & Leftists eat their own when they disagree. Stand Strong and know you've accomplish much
Fact is, you & other GOP Sens disgraced us with your words & actions. Don't "mansplain" this. We know what u did
Your presentation before the senate was absolutely brilliant thank you
Don't let the ba$turds get you down.  We love you and are pulling for you.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW We love you out here. You are a shining star and roll model for ALL Americans. THANK YOU 4 YOUR SERVICE
it saddened me to hear about the Twitter response you got. Just keep doing what your voters ask and you will succeed
Did u vote for Sessions? I guess u like being a traitor (I cleaned up the snark significantly)
This is a wonderful speech. Bravo!  I follow you closely and you are very Presidential!
Shout-out to @SenatorTimScott from Chas, SC..keep doing what you're doing brother! Your speech on the floor earlier IS historic! -God bless
Watch... and share.  This boy speaks out about who are the real racists... the radical left.   https://goo.gl/xA1gWR 
Thank you for calling out liberal hypocrisy!  You sir are a rockstar!
still nothing about accepting money from Devos.
Wherever you go, you create a wide wake. You're an amazing man. Proud that you're in the Senate. I pray one day it's the WH
Senator Scott you're a fine man &God has U here 4 such a time as thiskeep your head up millions of MAGA  U
Y are you surprised by the backlash? U vtd for a racist person who praised the KKK & called NAACP unamerican. Duh!
I've met you and respect you but deeply disappointed in your acceptance of this POTUS' bigotry and hate.
I loved how you said "we are all an American family" let's start acting like it ! Time 2 come together
Your video is powerful! Saw it on Fox News &it almost brought me 2 tears.As a trump supporter I get it.
Stay strong, keep your integrity, you are a great American!
You can whine on Senate floor. But the truth still remains- you profited from DeVos and you will be held accountable.
Thank you for standing up for our democracy in the face of terrible racism - Than you from an independent Ohioan.
thank you Tim Scott for your Eloquence!  Let's Hashtag #TTT #TimTeachesTolerance.
thank you mr. Scott you are a true hero to many. Help bring us all together. I can't stand all of this hate. #real American
You sir are an inspiration for all of us no matter our race or gender. God bless you an keep up the good fight.
God's Blessings to you Senator and to your Family!  God is with you
Thank you for standing up for the #Truth #SenatorScott. Stay the course. You are indeed a very fine admirable man.
look how you researched sessions and came to your own conclusion, unlike warren who is so full of rage and hate
#IStandWithTim  Thank you!
you are amazing. I can see you running for president. Thank you for such an aspiring speech!
I have so much respect for you!
TY Senator! Praying African-Americans will learn history they all used to be Republicans because Lincoln freed the slaves!
You have plenty of people who love & support u & your brave leadership. Hater on the left lost the argument-name calling
how does one donate to your campaign fund?
you have earned our respect. Doing what you believe brings out the bullys.well done 
we are all with you!
Keep being real, ignore the h8rs! You are a valuable member of our government and country, and we ALL need you!
Impressed and inspired by the courageous and honorable Senator from SC.
I don't agree with language some have used to criticize you. But right now, you're an empty shirt.
I am one of many who are hoping you will run for president one day!! Very grateful for you!
THANK YOU from a South Carolina resident. As a black conservative UR speach truly   blessed me! 
, Senator Scott, I truly admire you and you sir is what our Amazing American is all about.
You showed leadership. True Heart  is what we need leading this nation.   Stay strong.  Lead on. American’s  needs you!
Great job sir. I apologize for the  left and how they have reacted to you and your oath to stand up for your constituents
disheartening how hateful and intolerant the DEMS really are against anyone that is conservative.
Disgraceful!
I'm not afraid to tell anyone that I voted for President Trump, support AG Session.
~ I'm not in your district but have always respected the work you have done. Keep speaking truth - and bless you!
you are an inspiration sir, keep it going! One day I hope to catch a lunch with you and pick your brain. #proud
This South Carolina native is very proud that you represent our state so very well! Keep up the great work!
sell out
GOD BLESS YOU for your strength in adversity.  I cannot begin to imagine or understand. 

I applaud you on you taking a stance against the lack of tolerance by the liberal left.
I have nothing but respect for you. Thank you for being such an honorable good man who is forthright and honest #Respect
I'm so sorry you are being harassed by all the left wing losers! You are a man of honor staying true to yourself
You r an especially talented leader full of love,fairness,http://character.You  will be our POTUS if we are so blessed!
Thank you for your eloquence and common sense. You are a treasure.
We appreciate you and regret what you, your family, and staff have endured. Respect and Unity
Great Job!
so sorry to hear about all the hate mail. This country is extremely spiritually sick. You know your truth God bless
you are an awesome American senator!
Well said, sir. Well said! .  Proud to have you on this side of the aisle. 
#MAGA cheering for you! If a Conservative, think for yourself, we get slammed w bigotry, hateful rhetoric! TXU!
