Right, those single Mom billionaires. Nod/wink.  Do you believe what you tweet or just hope we do?
Out of all those in the photo, how many looked at the "Fair Tax"?
@SenatorTimScott read the room bruh. All of them grinning cuz they got the Black Guy to say a stupid message    #KeepYoMoney
Really? Prove it.
Please just more damn lies from Republicans. You should be ashame
Single mother here: I'll be the judge of that.
PLAGERISM!  As if republicans care.  lol

Hey you don't reeeaaaaly believe this crap you are spouting... Not really!
You saved $2k in taxes but the FDA didn't have the budget to keep your spinach E. coli free, so you're dead now...
You saved $500 in taxes in this fiscal year, but you lost your $4,404 health insurance subsidy...
Money staying in your paycheck does you NO FUCKING GOOD WHATSOEVER if your services are cut by a greater amount!
Also ignores how most low income single parents get EITC and a big refund. his plan cuts that.
Cowardice.  Be straightforward.
Those minimum wages moms will be able to buy a couple of extra packs of chewing gum a week!
and eliminating the inheritance tax?  stop being pathetic
Isn't the lowest tax rate higher, & the highest tax rate reduced. That will hurt the people you claim you want to help.
Enjoy your time as lapdog. I will bust my butt to ensure that you next job is reporting to the local dog catcher.
And #keepyomoney ? Who came up with that one?
Did it feel warm & fuzzy having all the (white guys') eyes on you? #YoPlanSucks
You saved $800 in taxes but the bridge you were driving on collapsed, so you're dead now...
What about Puerto Rico.
How much more will a $50,000/r single mom take home? How much more will $1,000,000/yr Exec take home? We need details please not BS.
How many children does she have, how much does she pay for childcare, does she pay mort int, donate to charity?  Details?
You cannot believe that!!  I have a bridge to sell you!!  Tax reform is to make the rich richer. You are as big a liar as potus.
The GOP/Trump/Pence racist fascist regime doesn't give a damn about single mothers, children, the elderly or the environment! #StopTheGOP
Oh yea, that extra $1000 to buy a new car right?
You know good and damn well this isn't true. You know it's about a massive wealth transfer from middle & low-income to the super rich
Oh, puleeze

DJT  just dished himself up a $3B estate tax gift
for the Trumpettes and an AMT elimination for his own pockets

#YONOGO
Get him out before he kills us all!!
Which they'll need to pick up the slack when the GOP reduces their health insurance benefits and their assistance.
Are you that stupid or are you trying to dupe your constituents?
You are a US Senator and you have no idea that single mothers' tax refunds are more than what little tax they pay during the year?Seriously?
Hey! You saved $233 in taxes this month! But your city has no fire department anymore so your $400k house burned down...
Cheering you on Senator!
Does that include being able to deduct childcare expenses?
We'll see when the CBO analysis comes out. We've learned not to trust what you say. You lied about "health care."
Why are you lying?
Tax cuts for the rich don't trickle down to 99% of Americans.
how will this be different than the bush cuts?
Bull
Why not give single working moms the opportunity to make enough money to stay home more, with her kids like welfare mothers get to do.
It is not about single mothers.  Keep your hands off mothers-you've taken enough from us. We read your health care plan.
Single Mothers? Not quite ...
While simultaneously robbing the agencies enforcing child support payments of funding to do their jobs
Same @GOP Ponzi Scheme started by Reagan new name. Huge Scam. Only Top2% gets fat, MClass shrinks. They just tried to Steal HC. Don't trust.
Show us the tax returns - and then we'll discuss tax reform. And please don't use the single mother line -doesn't work coming from the GOP.
Yes
Interesting that you're going to give "single mothers" a tax cut but still stick them with Obamacare that they can't afford. @GOP is dumb.
Are you saying that the tax code post reform will "incentivize" single-motherhood?
Aw, com on, you know that the real benefits will go to the rich and 1% who will get more in lower tax than those single moms make in a year.
What about single dad's ? Am I smellin me some gender bias ?
Seems like there are more single moms?  But you're right, should help any single parent.
..where it will fail to stretch far enough to buy the things their children need.
How about not giving their money to @NFL. https://archive.is/U3D0k 
Senate should join with @RepMoBrooks.

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  
If mom's don't have as much access to assistance programs (medicaid, or others) as a result in cut taxes do they win or lose?
Well, it SHOULD be - but this plan is more about guy with golden parachute buying a matching gold toilet seat while single mom gets shafted
I bet the Puerto Rican mothers would love to have food and water for their children.
Will it be a bipartisan solution?
It's about everyone being able to keep more of they're hard earned money especially the single parent's, public service/military personal.
FYI - still debating the move to Columbia, SC from Augusta, Ga. so you & Gowdy can be my elected officials!
what about middle class?
Like raising their tax bracket from 10% to 12%? Y’all doin Betsy’s math
Really? I mean is it really? Or is about giving more money to people who don't need more money?
This is trash plan you released today that's just a massive tax cut for the 1% nothing more.
Trump tax reform speech Indiana State Fairgrounds in Indianapolis. #TaxReform
Reinforce traditional values of the 2 parent home not give incentives to single Moms.  We dont want single Moms.  We want 2 parent houses.
Lotta millionaire single moms out there?
Read the outline today…and I love it.  Just do it.
