I Respect You Sen.Scott...
It is despicable the horrid& UNAmerican things said2you by LeftistLoonies-smh
#MAGA 
 @YouTube
and with one tweet, you prove yourself no better. 
Did I offend you?My apoligies...Am SO tired of constant 'throwing of race card'by Left-ITS Despicable!
@SenatorTimScott
'apologies'
@SenatorTimScott
I am not offended, just pointing out that you are exhibiting the same behavior you are condeming.
- I salute you & commend you for standing up for what is right! Thank you God for people like Mr. Scott
Shameless playing to the camera.
You should also read the tweets of the white supremacists/neo nazis that support Trump. Why did they want him to win?
the same reason the communists wanted hillary and bernie to win. they're idiots
So you support the Nazis and the White supremacists... Got it!
did you read what I said? Try reading it again.
Jesus Christ, this is why I have a hard time getting along with white people...
Who says I'm 100% white?
no one. Absolutely no one
.@SenatorTimScott by refusing 2 admit your political cowardice re: Sessions u further condemn minorities to 2017 Jim Crow tactics. #coward
I know Senator Scott and you sir are full of it!
I challenge you to list the three biggest benefits to minorities in Sessions being approved as AG. I'll wait.
my tweet was not about Sessions but about Tim Scott & his integrity
they're inextricably linked now.
so every Senator that voted for every AG in history is inextricably linked?? Yeah, right
Was able to watch your speech via Conservative Tribune.  Wish there were so many more senators like you!!
Will Sessions stand up to @POTUS racism?  NO.  He will be Trump's puppet.Can you still deny that @POTUS has race issues?
interesting stunt. Not helpful. You should come home and hold a few town hall meetings. Stop marginalizing.
-Such hurtful tweets.  Prayers for you, Senator Scott.
Good speech. I felt like this was a well reasoned explanation of the thought process behind your vote.
BTW I am a conservative Republican.And I don't agree w/ these confirmations, including Sessions.I'm not a "liberal friend."
Not guilt before innocence, but guilt by association. Association with those who don't defend injustice implies agreement.
I watched your whole speech. You're a classy American and I'm so sorry you received those insults. I'm  for you. Be Strong
Screw them, you are doing good
Too bad b/c voting for a racist like Sessions will fix nothing. He'll split us apart completely.
Did you listen to the whole 32 mins, I think he will address your concerns.
I am ashamed of you as my senator. You have sold yourself to DeVos at the cost of public education.
She's supposed to support educ. of kids through all means, not just public schools.  Don't like her either, but diff reasons.
Your speech was amazing and educational, I am offended that people would be insulting and rude to you, thank you
This disgusts me. I cannot believe that others feel the need to demean another man. This bigotry from the left must b shown
I know it is showing. Just hurts to see a person read those comments about himself. It thatva Yorkie in your pic?
I have four yorkies
That was possibly one the most poetic, heartwarming stories I have ever listened to. Thank you!
You are a man with integrity. Stand strong in your convictions and do no waiver. You're a fair man.TY.
Thank you sir for your common sense approach to serve us, All AMERICAN citizens!Prayers for you and more like you!
bravo 
Carefully selected tweets to manipulate your point. You keep ignoring the rest of us, how's that bringing ppl together?
by bringing people together, do you mean only getting what you want?
Nope. I mean by listening to everyone's concerns and not condescendingly calling us haters & fakes.
if the shoe fits wear it! Calling names doesn't move the discussion
I think Janet was referring to the people calling Tim Scott names.
Senator Scott, I am so sorry for the horrible words that were directed at you. Shameful! I appreciate all you do for US.
Not all who disagree with you are intolerant liberals. Sad representation of your constituents who were courteous.
disappointed with racist comments. Sad you chose to put that fraction over the 100000s of legit & prof concerns.
To call a black senator doing great things for his community those names... just sad. Keep fighting the good fight sir.
You do realize that you are a minority, right?
Senator Scott a 4 REAL BLACK man of Integrity n' Character v. TREASONOUS Pond Scum "N" OBAMA, insult to Medgar E Dr. MLK.
Did you read how your constituents were against you voting for DeVos?
Much respect Senator. If South Carolina ever grows tired of you (and they won't)we could use you in California.
So why wasnt rule 19 used when Cruz called McConnel a liar. It makes no sense that one cannot say bad things about a nom
speaker of the house and thanks 2 wilson we're still smackin eachother round
heard bout this on dana loesch show its sad that 146 yrs after the 1st republican african american...
Perfect speech. Our country needs leaders like you, sir. Thanks
impressive speech! Too bad Dems do not similar integrity and thoughtfulness. #ElizabethWarren
I'm am appalled! Thank you for being such an honorable gentleman. God bless you sir and thank you for your service to all!
Bravo. Great speech. Sad tweets. Pray people begin to think before saying things in this country. #Unity
Sadly Dems want only to be obstructionists. In reality they are the ones with a problem with race.
S.C is lucky to have you
I'm so sorry you where treated with such disrespect  you are a wonderful man wish my state  had you as our Senator ...
This morning I was watching and was so proud of you seeing stand up and speak out and do the right thing!
Democrats have never changed. They're still the intolerable, hateful, racists they've always been,
You did an awesome job trying to unite the senate!  American proud!
supporting Session is such a disappointment. What happened to you? People will not forget
can be bought!
there is a lot of out there and most of it from the hatefull rep be a ind,
thank you so much Senator Scott!  We appreciate your courage and common sense comments.
Perhaps instead of sermonizing them on their "liberal tolerance", assure them that you'll fight to protect their rights.
5/5 their anger stems from fear that this administration will go even further to suppress their right to vote, rightly so.
4/5 Ever since Shelby vs. Holder states with notorious reputations of racism have been trying to pass "voter I.D. laws"
3/5 in their eyes you're fraternizing with "the enemy" because their right to vote has been challenged by the GOP
2/5. They have good reason to be afraid though, especially in regards to this administration and the right to vote
1/5. I'm appalled that people sunk to the levels they did in their communications with you. It sounds like they're afraid.
my wife and I watched in horror. So sorry you have to endure this. God bless.
I am so sorry The Tweets broke my heart
should read what ppl get on Twitter just for existing while female or non-white. At least you got attacked for actions
you need to impeach those judges legislating from the bench.
thank you for standing up and calling out hypocrisy.
You are a *class act*. Keep standing for the values that we hold so dear. Would love to have you in NC!
Excellent speech. I watched this a couple times. Recommend everyone watch it. Great words of wisdom.
Senator, I applaud you for your bravery and your speech.  Thank you.
Thank you for your common sense leadership! You are appreciated more than you know!
Wow. Can't believe the hateful speech you rec'd.  Those ppl are showing their ignorance. Continue to rise above it sir.
I might have been fooled into believing you were sincere if you hadn't pulled the "mean tweets" card.
The lefties are a pretty pathetic bunch. Keep your chin up.
That speech was fantastic, thank you for delivering it.
Its terrible u've been subjected 2 this. The left vowed to keep it up nonstop. they want 2 hurt us for voting against them.
Senator Scott, I am sincerely horrified by the attacks on you for supporting Jeff Sessions. You have my support.
Net trolls exist? SHOCKING! No names to call from 20609, I'll just remind voters of you and 19, Sessions & Devos in 2022.
Warren is FBing that law 19 is fake & u all r White & racist to the BLM to cause another protest! #FoxNewsTime !
please go on fox & let them know you sat her ass down as well for rule 19 & it not racist! They're FBing it is!
oh but Warren is telling everyone that it was only whites that shut her up about king's daughter's letter
thank you so much for this video. We need more of this. If I were an SC res I'd so vote for you. You give me hope
Thank you for your courage, service and commitment to truth. Integrity is a rare commodity. Refreshing
There are lots of Americans who appreciate your service. To yourself, family, State & your service in the senate.
#Democrats have always been the real #racists. Keep up the good work.
I may not agreed with everything all elected officials do- but I thank you for your efforts!
you are 100% accurate describing what people think tolerance means.
Does not matter the color, heritage, religion.  Its the Character of the person.  So sad to see this still happens
you should turn on your black card.   We don't want you.  Join rest of house ...
I hope u have thick skin sir. Stay strong. Praying 4 u and the "tolerant" ones that spew hate towards u.
I wish I could give you a hug after all the undeserved abuse you've taken.  Thanks for all you do.....and endure!
@Richzeoli @YouTube  I don't understand the hatefulness on the left. Why no coverage on this outrage!
Why?? Most of media is corrupt and does report the truth.
We are proud to have you as our Senator.
Will you explain why Warren was silenced but male colleagues were permitted to read the same letter she was reading?
Really?? It was about her gender?
Thank you for your stand!  You sir are the epitome of an American unlike those calling you names.
- Senator Scott I am so sorry that you have to endure this racism in the 21st century - God Bless you  God knows
And that vote for DeVos dooms education for children, especially minority, disadvantaged & disabled.
:WOW! That is one amazing & truthful speech! Thank you!!!
Dear Senator Scott.  thank you for your service and don't forget that the other half of the US has your back.
I watched the whole 30+ minute speech.  You are a credit to your state and your country.  God bless you, sir.
It made me so sad to hear those hate tweets you received.  You are an incredible person and please never forget it.
So proud of my Senator!!!
@Richzeoli You couldn't have spoken truer words about the left. All is well unless you don't agree with them.
There is no call for such hatred. I'm sorry for this. I'm donating to @NAACP in your name. & encouraging others to also.
why? NAACP thinks the same damn way the rest do about black conservatives.
I saw the clip of you reading the tweets.  Well done.
Excellent speech! So nice to see someone stand up for what they believe and what they feel is true and right.
I am a constituent and while I do not at all agree with you decisions, due respect, will be working against your reelection
u need to get your head out of the gop butt ,how are going to vote for civil Rights of all people,
Sen Scott, know that we have your back hope your eyes are on the Governors Mansion SC
Your vote was paid for in the sum of $49,200 from DeVos family, but yeah twitter can be ugly focus on that
I just watched this. Stunned. Thank you for your courage and your service. People should be ashamed.
glad I'm in California. What would MLK say? Or does it matter
Bravo to our rave and sensible Senator!  Godspeed!
Thank you! I appreciate your integrity, your desire to do the right thing and your work on behalf of American students!
If you persist in supporting Jeff Sessions and people like him, one day you'll be president.  We're very proud of you Tim.
It's sad that Black Dems are demonstrating their lack of ability to debate intelligently. It does not help our image. #maga
I bet You thought he was the good guy in the movie..
So great for you to speak out. There is no tolerance for anyone who doesn't fall in line w/ their way of thinking.
preach on Tbone is was a pleasure to listen to the grass roots analysis of sessions
thank you.  You are a great man. Don't let these idiots get to you. They are hateful and also extremely angry. Praying 
u
... @elizabethforma was not speaking of him as a senator. Rule 19 did not apply.
IMHO, at the moment when @elizabethforma was reading the letter about Sessions, she was speaking of him as a candidate ...
Sir I am so sorry you are being called names that are totally uncalled for. Know that not everyone feels this way
Was just about to say good for you then you had to throw shade at the "left"...
you're doing a great job Tim. All those messages reassure you that your are making a change they don't understand
why do the deplorable's accept you with open arms but the leftists call you racists terms b/c you left their "plantation"
you answered your own question.
I don't condone the hateful rhetoric that was directed toward you. I'm sorry you had to endure that. When do you think....
..your boss #45 will apologize for all the insults he's hurled. Voting for Sessions was a disgrace. I don't insult. I vote
thank you Senator Scott for your courage, fortitude, and principle and your genuine concern for quality public ed.
The left wing and the right wing are feathers on the same bird. Party politics is the problem.
your recent actions and votes have caused me to lose all respect and confidence in you.
if you 'tolerate' everything, you don't teach better behavior. Your word games simply prove your ignorance. Listen
humanity-not the left-preaches tolerance but does not tolerate injustice. Humanity deserves your best and more.
quit playing the race card and start playing the human card. Be a better human, not a better Republican black man.
I was moved by your speech on Senate floor! I would only hope that reasonable people on both sides watch this! #RT
Hard to imagine American family coming together when those in power ignore 1/2 the country & accept DeVos $ #WhyIResist
Another example of a morally corrupt politician using his time 4 discussing the next AG 2 grandstand & talk about himself.
yea except that it was the perfect opportunity to call out the hypocrisy that is shown every day for diff ideas.
You know you're doing something right when they hate you.  Keep up the great work, Senator Scott.
Well done Tim. More out there that respect your values and sevice than you know! We have your back!
Awesome speech loved it!
Senator, brilliant speech! You Sir, are a true patriot!
hog wash
Senator - How could u as a POC vote 2 confirm racist Jeff Sessions as AG? You stood w/ bigots & have lost ALL credibility.
stop with the bigot card.Used and abused. No longer valid. Nor is the racist xenophobic homophobic cards either
it is alive and well in the gop
until you protect EVERYONE you have no right to speak about the American family. Women of SC will not forget.  #URHISTORY

I know You nailed it the democrats are rough . America will be great again.
sorry you have to put up with that. Thank you for the voting for Jeff Sessions. He seems like a great guy
Well said..
I admire your intestinal fortitude, Mr. Scott.  Don't allow those comments to deter the truth.
Very nice speech, all 33 mins.
The left fears that the racial divide trench they dug is being filled so everyone can stand on the same side - Americans.
You got bought by @BetsyDeVos and everyone knows it.
How can you have a consensus of all those Dems by putting them in #Onebag?Are they all alike?
Sen. Scott I will stand with you any time and any place.  Just put out the call! #Class #NoRacism #MAGA
Glad to add you/ Fair and honest
I'm sorry that you had to go through these. Absolutely horrifying.
Got ur back. Stay strong
Well stated.  I will give you the benefit of the doubt on Sessions and hope he will stand for justice for all.
I only hope that you can convince @POTUS to not be "disagreeable" when so many disagree with his policies.
Devos is the best you could do?
sorry, no man should be called such names. No mater his beliefs. Racist remarks will not be tolerated
Senator, those bad tweets are proof you are on right path in life. Congrats. God Bless you and family.
no it is not people hear this before
this story is so under reported
This goes on with Black people EVERYDAY. A struggle to get free from these damnable Blk ppl but worth fight @SenatorTimScott God be with you
we need to elect more leaders like Tim Scott so change can occur. It's still an uphill battle need more leaders
no we do not we have one for  8 years and the hatefulness of the gop stop him at every turn T,a it!
no he was a neo liberal. We need strong conservative leadership like Scott
God bless you sir... Keep up the good work !!
I'm so sorry you are facing such racism and from those who want to call your party racist. Prayers honor and respect sir!
I disagree with all the mean tweets. You're an honorable man & inspiration to a great many people.
he is miss inform about the the struggle of  a people for shame,
===("")====("")=== Hang in there @SenatorTimScott. We appreciate & support U! Thank u for all u do!!! Keep ur eyes on the vision. #maga
YOUR

SPEECH

PROBABLY

SUCKED

COMPARED

TO

@SenWarren's

SPEECH
those ignorant trolls do not speak for the progressive left. I don't agree with you most of the time, but I respect you!
You are a great example for how Senators should treat each other.  Proud of you and your work to help others.
The real racist is the one who lays expectations on you b/c of the color of your skin.  Keep doing what is right.
This NC patriot supports you!
Well Stated! Pray that the message is received as a means of unification and respect for the desires of the American people
just stumbled across your speech. Well said and well done.
You are awesome! I really admire everything you are doing! Keep up the great work! Americans are behind you 100%!
stay strong  - the Union needs you
Thank you for your service!  I pray for you daily to rise above all the hatred.
We need more people like you Senator Scott!
I watched the whole thing! I teared up. You are THE DREAM come true.
u are a TRUE AMERICAN!
@SenWarren 

TRIED

TO

READ

CORETTA

SCOTT

KING

A

COUPLE

OF

DAYS

AGO.

REMEMBER

HER?

YEAH

WAY

MORE

IMPORTANT
only she did read the entire letter.
@GOP 

DID

FAR

WORSE
he was slamming a fellow senator. And she read the ENTIRE letter
SHE

WASN'T

SLAMMING

HIM.

CORETTA

SCOTT

KING

WAS
and she finished the letter. She was NOT silenced from reading it!
I loved the speech Tim!
