sure sounds like you are #CYA right now about supporting @BetsyDeVos

Of course @BetsyDeVos supported candidates who advocate for school choice.
aka she doesn't give a shit about public schools since she never attended, worked, or sent her kids to one
Well now your changing your argument and it's weak at best. It's clear that @BetsyDeVos cares about education of kids.
She's a wealthy woman who could have done anything with her life and she invested her time & money >
in buying off politicians to push her right wing philosophy...
Keith: Have you ever made a political contribution? Did you support candidates who share your values?
@Tiffunniest her lack of experience is remarkable and building up public schools are great for the community & the economy
I do not. Not at all. She is not qualified. Public schools have produced many of our greatest. They are vital.
privatization of our schools is a capitalist mindset that depletes. The voucher system is for profit not edu
the saddest part is when the gentrification happens then they will build public school and neighbors up. Then
@Tiffunniest my issue is the privatization of charter schools to be traded in hedge funds. For profit is selling our kids
Charter schools in Greenville sc are awesome. Kids are graduating with associate degrees.
that happens in public schools as well. Many kids are doing that.  properly supported more will
Throwing more money at the problem isn't working. Time for more choice in education.
it is working. Plenty of charter schools are epic fail. Privatized schools r for profit not kids
you know DeVos is bad for SC schools! Schools like Hemingway haven't even gotten state support, private support impossible
the physical facilities for Hemingway High school is over 60 years old! Ignored by the state,explain private sector fix?
completely ignoring the reality of rural minority SC, education. Schools like Hemingway languish with outdated facilities!
poor underserved areas like Williamsburg county, have never caught the attention of private sector $$, state ignores them 2
your DeVos vote screams for you to pull out of the epistemic enclosure you're in, Tim you know better!
Did the $50,000 in campaign donation help?  DeVos is not qualified.
so you vote for the least qualified for the job?!? Disgraceful and the People will NOT Forget nor Forgive! #OpDrumpf
This isn't about options. Betsy DeVos is unqualified. She did not even know what IDEA was. Protect our children and vote NO
is this really the foundation of your agenda? or is it because betsy devos gives you money? hmmmmmm
sir, if you really understand the challenges of education, why don't you put that $50000 towards my tuition? huh?
Please vote no to @BetsyDeVos!  I have heard horror stories from friends in Michigan. She knows nothing of Public Schools.
Your confirmation of DeVos is ensuring the opposite.
then please vote against Devos.  She will destroy our states education program.
Reform public education. Stop the voucher program, which funnels high achieving kids into private schools. Support FAPE.
You obviously don't understand. #noDevos #AllMeansAll #lostmyvote #ImYourEmployer #waitingonanswers
I recommend all the haters volunteer in one of these schools, like Mrs. DeVos did, and then share your solutions.
Then, as a Bluffton constituent, I implore you vote AGAINST DeVos as she has zero experience regarding public schools!
you don't care about education or kids if you vote yes to Betsy
So sorry you won't stand up for children over politics.DeVos best we can do?Hope you can live with your decision. Re-think?
really? Then demand sanctions when schools violate ESSA IDEA ADA and 504 instead of rewarding them
you grew up as one and then firmly turned your back on them
disappointed that you took $50k in donations from the woman you advocated for.
Really @SenatorTimScott, she bought your support!  What did you say about watching out for SC?
answer your phone and listen to what your state citizens want!! Not her!!
I think you have forgotten. If you TRULY believe DeVos is the right person then I guess my collegues were wrong about you.
@tiffunniest DeVos donated $49,200 to good ole boy Tim.  She paid for that vote.  He follows the money TOO BAD SC KIDS
public schools are an incredible source to great education if you have good teachers/ resources Funding is the key to that!
If you really believe that. You should do some real soul searching before voting on @BetsyDeVos for SecEd.
Betsy DeVos isn't the solution to that problem. May seem like a fix but its been tried in Michigan and didn't work there.
@Tiffunniest If you think public schools are not living up to their potential, Betsy DeVos is the perfect agent of change
@Tiffunniest sounds debatable. Just know that black males like you have that much more to climb thanks to your endorsement
A joke? The joke is you, sitting there whining. Senator Scott made his way and has a spine.
You said phones have been full of calls asking for NO votes. Do you consider constituent voices when voting? #VoteNoDevos
I share your passion for ed opportunity, but seriously you think a non-educator is ok to run the Education Dept?  Why?
Yet you endorsed DeVos. Interesting bc her agenda will widen the gap. Good thing SC edu sys is already bottom of the barrel
Our students have access to great education! Betsy DeVos is is not the change agent we need! Please vote NO.
Thank you for standing up for education.
then please #StopDeVos!!!
but for profit charter schools using public funding is NOT the answer and that is what she supports
can you share with us what data helped you to inform your decision?
DeVos paid him off.  That explains his vote.  It isn't about SC.  It is about campaign contributions.
by taking resources away from public schools?
great education access is the opposite of what @BetsyDeVos  offers. Look at Michigan. No success story. Man up and vote no
I've watched sen Scott for a while. This man is amazing, a true example of the types of senators America needs.
My "good" SC school district has been a disappointment. Most classes have gone to Teach by PowerPoint with no book. FYI
Please speak to DeVos' lack of public school experience.
you mean the ones with money and the ones without disabilities. You know @BetsyDeVos is not qualified for this job.
DeVos unqualified for the position.  Vote NO. #StopDeVos.
No private schools where I grew up. Closest private or other public school was 30 minutes away. How does choice help us?
your former teachers I'm sure are pissed at you for back slapping them. Sale out!
@Tiffunniest So how were you able to make it to the senate being the product of a failed public education? A miracle
@Tiffunniest   Apparently knows nothing about you to ask that ridiculous question.
then I don't see how you could possibly support DeVos.
understand??? You voted for someone who does not believe in public education! #makesnosense
@Tiffunniest - Sen Scott why are you only now responding to your constituents post vote? Coward.
Your job is to speak for us, those that voted you in, and you did not listen. We noticed and we won't forget.
Why is it the only possible answer leftist have is to continue failed policies with no change and expect diff results.
Me too! I'm the daughter of poor factory workers, and the AMAZING public school teachers I had changed my life!
It's a lot easier to blame public schools than it is to fix systemic poverty. Scapegoat, much? #noDevos #whyIMarch
@Tiffunniest What about DeVos' lack of commitment to disabled children. And her lack of, I dunno, EXPERIENCE in education?
FLASH @Democrats don't care about kids I failing schools. It's only teachers unions that ring their bell.
@Tiffunniest Access is different than affordability. I have ACCESS to buying a Ferrari.
Me, too. I did radical thing--worked all the way thru grad school. Never took a dime from anyone.
will be up for re- election in 2022 and 2020!
she destroyed public education in MI. 3rd World education in DETROIT PUBLUC SCHOOLS!
this lady does not have enough experience! Sounds like it's more about money than our future! You and @LindseyGrahamSC
@Tiffunniest and you're undercutting all of the hardworking teachers, like myself, by supporting her! Say no! #noDevos
@Tiffunniest it's not easy 4 anyone, but I worked 2 jobs,while getting my BS-MS & took 10yrs to pay it off,reward worth it
okay well good luck getting my family's or my vote next go round. This is pitiful you support someone so unqualified.
@Tiffunniest the public education was a hallmark of American greatness. Why not build that??  Oh privatization fetish...
@Tiffunniest Can't fix schools without changing the hearts and minds of the parents. A good education starts in the home.
@Tiffunniest 

Appreciate you, Tim Scott! SC Voter
You are an honest, honorable man- keep up the good work, especially regarding school choice!
Yes! You ROCK!!
Stop common core please
could you explain how DeVos will do that? EVERYTHING she says leads to opposite outcome. Look at Michigan.
How are you making sure private schools that choose students don't discriminate against children of color?
this voice wasn't against Trump's nominations, it was against Devoss and you failed us. Thanks Senator Scott for listening.
@Tiffunniest I will be happy to send you links.
@Tiffunniest Scott campaign received $49,200 from DeVos for his vote. The information is out there. He was paid off.
this is probably true because he accepted money from a drug company too. It's ridiculous!
please, don't support Devos. It would be a mistake and the children would suffer for it. She's grossly unqualified.
how could you back a billionaire determined to destroy public education?
Well DeVos sure in hell won't provide it, she'll destroy it
@Tiffunniest dollars should be assigned to each student and they should follow that student where best for them.
@Tiffunniest So you MUST understand the Ms DeVos has no idea how to help kids. Vouchers for the wealthy are not the answer.
will you meet with constituents ion the topic of schools when you return to town @postandcourier @paul_bowers
great question!
Then vote against @BetsyDeVos. Do your job. Represent your constituents.
so you will make sure OCR standards are followed even tho DeVos wants to nix-OCRsaved demographics of charters in Beaufort
so you will make sure transportation is provided to all "choice" schools do low income can access??
I'm sure $49K helps you better understand those challenges....
@Tiffunniest selecting betsy sure isn't the way. Be ashamed you con artist
@Tiffunniest he understands nothing when $$$$ flows in for his vote.
Senator, I’m on *your* side of the school choice issue. But @BetsyDeVos is *not* qualified to lead @usedgov.
Your constituents are tough. Glad you gave DeVos a chance. Only Dems obstruct plus SC has great politicians! #AmericaFirst
if you don't want kids from the wrong side of town in your schools then work together for a real solutions instead of Lies
turns out you're a bought politician.
@Tiffunniest is that why you wish to divert public school funding to underperforming charters? Ur vote was disappointing.
He was paid off by DeVos - she bought his vote. #DumpDevos
when have any of you been in a title I school. You don't know the difficulties these working families endure. #experience
sounds to me you're using pretty (lying) words to deflect from your vote for DeVos that doesn't match them. #NoOnDeVos
are u saying that u didn't receive a good education? Not trying 2 B argumentative. Trying 2 figure out why u vote as u do.
seriously Tiffany, u shouldve done ur homework onSen. Scott b 4 u attacked him on twitter!! A Lil respect goes a long way.
u know what I'm talking about..ur just an angry dem cuz an intelligent black man is conservative.saw ur posts
it never goes away with u people, look at ur last tweet
I doubt it! Chances that you could become a senator after a poverty stricken childhood is statistically near impossible!
Do a little research before calling him a liar.  Poverty.  Single Mom. N Charleston SC
he had at least one active and caring parent. That is not exactly poverty. Many children don't have even that...
"poverty" is defined as money or material possess, not a def of having a parent
Charter school teachers are paid a pittance compared to public school teachers.Why do u think they have better teachers? Less pay=better?
Are you saying more pay=better?
Yes. Do we pay doctors the least? Lawyers the least? Mechanics the least and expect the best? Higher pay=better. Always.
that would work, if teachers were provided more pay based on performance.
How do u Judge that? That's what Principals are for. To judge their performance.
it's incredibly difficult, which is why the objection to standardized testing.
Yep. That's why a Principal should judge. Not a kids test score who they see an hour a day.
admin costs=much greater than teachers, but admin aren't allocating money appropriately
@Tiffunniest people are sick and tired of a slow moving congress please push to get cabinet mem and agenda through
Part of the problem is that people think that a "great education" comes from universities. @guypbenson
@Tiffunniest  Mr Scott American people cabinet members approved if the continue boycott why not rewrite committee rules
Apparently you don't. You voted for @BetsyDeVos who is completely unqualified.
Access should not include crippling debt. I have "access" but I started as a teacher with 30k in debt.
Then why did you vote for @BetsyDeVos when she has not helped those in low income areas? you have lost my respect
what has she done for low income students?
@All100Senators @Tiffunniest so how do you square this with voting FOR DeVos instead of against?
vote your conscience not your party. Be the change u want. Stand with your constituents not billionaires.
How do you know the majority of his constituents don't support DeVos?
Your agenda is to march to the tune of those who bought your vote. #SCSenatorForSale
That can't be true if you are voting yes on DeVos.
