Since U won't respond to my individual tweets Senator, maybe you will to this... what part of the Trump agenda are you
missed earlier ones-lot of mentions! I will keep fighting for educational opportunity, job training, community investment.
what about liberty? We've lost a lot over the last 16 years.
It's a typical politicians answer. Very short on specifics cause we're to dumb to understand.
nah. Senator scoot's a good dude. It was a good answer, but we need our liberty back Obama took 2 much from us
It's easy to say 'I'll continue fighting' but what fight exactly R U continuing? How R U fighting? When?
he's one senator of 100. He fights. But we need more liberty 2 solve our own problems. Gov. Isn't the solution
I don't agree. Gov can do a lot. The police is gov, should we get rid of them as well? The military?
Still don't understand your support. You support sessions because of  "what's in his heart"? Did you hear English word called "actions"
full statement discusses actions: https://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-supports-sessions-attorney-general …
Thank you for standing up for Sessions. Unlike Corey Booker u will be regarded as a man of class & dignity
He is not standing up for sessions. He is standing with GOP. Sessions is a disgrace
And Booker is standing with Soros and people who want to ruin this country. There is no comparison! None!
Soros? (yawn) Forget the fact he's credited with removing communism from his home of Hungary, right? Can't you come up w/ something else?
George Soros working w/his fake uncle took German Jews money as they were marched off to the camps you dolt..
Answer these: what year did Germany invade Hungary? And what year is it now? Subtract those #s, then subtract Soros age. Still think that?
Wow, @SenatorTimScott is threatening @BenSasse Twitter crown.
psshhh…he doesn’t even like broccoli and ice cream.
You're hilarious. 
Bravo! A one word, epic, smack down!
“A White man in a black body: Tim Scott backs Jeff Sessions for attorney general,” read 1 tweet.. BHO meets that precisely.
where is that tweet? Can't find original person you claim that tweeted that
Well played, Senator Scott. Well played.
My thoughts exactly.
#DesignerShowWarehouse's ad  plagiarized Sen #TimScott's tweet @DSWMike_CEO 

https://heatst.com/politics/tim-scott-twitter/ …
late to the party, but bruuuuuuh
I did not see the original heinous tweet but my husband did.  Way to rise above, Senator Scott!   Keep up the good work!
South Carolina and voted  you. Twice.
Senator Scott, it makes me sick you have to put up with crap like that tweet! You are a gentleman and a scholar! Keep up the good fight!

Classic. I'd like to get over 4,000 likes.
She called him a house nigga he responded with Senate  absolutely love this guy!
I know, it was a great comeback.
Tim...When r you going to make a run for the WH??????
This is the greatest thing I've ever seen
You win the internet. Horrible that becaue you disagree, you are treated horribly.
Tweet is gone, what did they say?
She called him a house "n" word. He corrected her and said Senate.
that's great! Makes me wish I was in the Senate next time I hear that!
For your reference:
That explains why it was deleted already.
She also deleted her account. Obviously she doesn't have the courage of her convictions.
Happens when you let lack of ethics, morals and values guide you in life.
Don't let the crazies get u down. U have more class in ur little finger...
Tell him Senator!!! 
@simonalisaa "His own" are black, white, brown, yellow and any other color you can dream up of the American people!!!
@edkrayewski 

Just goes to show that you always have to take the screenshots of the truly idiotic tweets
Love.
way to go! Keep up good work

very classy response 2 a classless attack from an "open minded" liberal.
Much respect for you Sir from a humble public servant.
a breath of fresh air. i wish i lived in SC. you'd have my vote til I die.
, epic mic drop sir. Well played... I can't stop laughing.
What an EPIC response! This is exactly why I love THIS Senator from SC! But, you sir, are NOBODY's n*****!!!!!
#REKT
Just have to say, what a great response. Still laughing. All I can say is, God bless you for doing what you know is right.
I keep PRAYING 4 courageous black voices on the Left to DENOUNCE this type of disgracefulness! Seems no courage 2 be found
Not all of the whip crackers on the Plantation were white, Simon would have been one of the slaves beating the others..#Sad
Fabulous!  South Carolina is extremely lucky to have you representing as Senator.  Wish you all the best!

Like a boss! 
you sir are a class act! One word speaks volumes, although it may have went right over his racist head!!!
So awesome. @SenatorTimScott is the Twitter Kung Fu master.
.   Priceless
can you be my Senator?
You won the internet, sir.
Can't say the number of times I've been called the same thing...didn't respond w/as much class as you did. Well played!
"SENATE"  That's just a straight up class-act response, Senator Scott! 
What an awesome response. Much respect for you sir. You represent our state well. #proudSouthCarolinian
#priceless #brilliant !
:clap:
HAHAHA She deleted it #loser
you are a class act. So sorry that you have to endure such verbal abuse keep fighting the good fight
You are AWESOME!
8 years your fellow Republicans called Pres. Obama the N-word & worse. But you're crying about being yelled at on twitter
To Ira Madson III, as an Asian, I take umbrage @ your statement ab't the Sessions Asian baby. You R the worst racist alive!
BRAVO!
A  SENATOR   WHO IS TRUST WORTHY   AND  HAS  CLASS  / INTELLIGENCE / EDUCATED  AND VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE / AMEN TO THAT
The liberal democrats are self-destructing by self-immolation. Great leaders like U will save our nation from destruction.
Simone & her ilk R the true lib, progressive democrat "niggas" who thrive being a slave on the virtual demonrat plantation.
All those who label you as that are the true racists in America.  I am so disgusted with people who make such statements.
hang in there son. They will try everything.  Twofaced Sans.  Now worry about future.  Lied.  Good luck.
Tim Scott easily just became my favorite senate member with this one tweet
The original tweet has been deleted but @SenatorTimScott has an epic clapback to a heckler on social media.
- This young Senator is one of Class that few democratic senators seem to be able to muster and more than any RINO can show!
Way to go sir. :) V
respect

I guess she bailed on you. The gentleman from South Carolina for the WIN!
EPIC.
you sir, are the man.  Way to smack that racist into next week.
who is William Smith?
Fast thinker, isnt he?  Perfect response.
A brilliant response Sir!
Thank you for showing real class.
* Bravo Sir!   *
I see the original Tweet was deleted, so I made a copy!  #BestComebackEver  
#palmetto state is #proud of you #Senator
you sir are a prime example of integrity! Wow much love from GA!
@Quigglish I thought South Carolina BBQ was low and slow, but the gentleman knows how to bring the high heat too. 
Nice.
ok. That was legit. Respect.
saw this on FB  ! So glad a man like you is in the Senate. SC #Represented w/ you & @LindseyGrahamSC #ThursdayThoughts

it is because of Senators like you I am against term limits.
- I don't know you, what you stand for, heck I don't know if you're a democrat even, but GOOD FOR YOU!!! I like you.
Sir I am not a fan of your politics but this is the best burn of the week.
HE DELETED HIS ACCOUNT LMAOnofijmidifjiejfio'dosfjgh;rdn
Very Classy and Respectable response. Kudos to you sir.
Word! (literally,  1 word)
I can appreciate your attitude. Never lose your sense of humor.
you are the best. This is perfect.
brilliant!
I love you, man!
You are such a man of character.  Great morals.  Thank you Sir for serving our country.  You make me proud.
Hat off and a deep bow to this glorious response. Haven't seen that much snark out of one word in a long time. Bravo.
Surprising (not), but that troll account doesn't exist anymore....
greatest comeback EVER!!! Racist coward shut down thier Twitter acct! Thank you for your service, sir! God Bless!
Senate! Exquisite response. You made my day!
Lol.. This was a great response..guess she deleted her ignorance..
???????????????????
since this guy got burned and deleted the original tweet...
that left a mark. Well done sir.
This was the best response to a twitter troll ever.  sen. Scott wins the internet.
outstanding!
 I can only imagine the amount of hate mail you get a day, great response. I feel sorry for those who agree with her 
God Bless You
well played sir
one word shut down and she deleted her twitter fcking brutal
baby girl deleted her tweet... Mr. Senator, you are the most spirited Senator ever!
cannot tell you how much I love your response! Way to slam them while keeping it classy!
Funny, its been deleted.
We must end #CommonCore so many Americans don't understand the construct of our government.  Bravo response Senator
Awesome response to abhorrent tweet!
Actually, per Malcolm X, you're in the Senate & "House" at the same time... brotha. #dontBSyourself https://youtu.be/LDycDyCh6mo 
*Mic drop*
Sen. Scott, you must forgive those who demean you,,,after all, look how they support,,sad, huh.
I came here to congratulate you and follow you! I like based politicians. 
https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/819393038690578432 …

This might be the closest I've ever seen a member of Congress go "Scoreboard." Well done.
Funny!

The tweet's been deleted. *pout*
- That ridiculous account will forever be known as a ' Troll ' thanks to the DC article lol
you, sir, are the epitome of class. Thank you for your service and the deft demonstration of how adults deal with petulance


You win!!
whos coward simonlisa? they hit n run like MOST COWARDS, like sissy's that attacked Ivanka on airplane,then deleted accnt
that response is as savage as the tweets from @nsarwark #SavageSarwark #SavageScott.
looks like she deleted, you burned her so badly.

 Love it!!
Perfect!  Big Love Sir!  JMAC
People need to realize! Everyone was born a human being 1st & are entitled to their own life opinions & views! Don't Judge!
why are ppl cowards and delete tweets?
..  Simonalisa/status/  HAS LEFT THE BUILDING.. racist never succeed.. but Liberals get away with it because the Lib MEDIA
you owned that like a boss.....

That was truly epic! Much respect for the best and classiest one word smackdown EVER!
mic drop so good u got him to quit Twitter!
Boo-yah!
win.
savage .♡
Thank You,  thank you, thank you for the gut busting Chuckles.  OMG That will go down in history as the best comeback ever
class and intelligence in the face of ignorance and hate..
nice!
@greg_doucette I am so sorry that happened
You, sir, win the internet!
#Brilliant response @SenatorTimScott - Best wishes in this "Senate" session and keep up the great work.
only used one word in producing classic Twitter burn. Well done sir...well done.
LOL 
You are an ABSOLUTE ROCKSTAR!

game, set, match.
@SenatorTimScott Saw that deleted account's despicable tweet. Your response was awesome.
Well played, Senator Scott.
you won the Internet with that one. push em back! Love it!
are there people who really think that Senators have the people's best interests in mind?
Right on Tim Scott. #notimeforlosers
Well done good sir.
'That's *Senator* Uncle Tim to you'
#likeaboss
proud you are my senator. Thank you for your service.
oh my god. Brutal. Love it.
well done sir.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 

Screenshot of the tweet Sen Scott RT'd from the now deleted account.
Brilliant response!   You R outstanding!  All my best!
.@SenatorTimScott @JacobRichardsAZ *deleted 
You are an example for others to follow. I appreciate all you do for SC. God bless!
.@SenatorTimScott Please run for President.
Wow, where did she go?
is the MAN!
thankfully the internet never forgets https://archive.is/DFcL9 
this tweet has been deleted , that's why we have the screen shots 
greatest burn ever!!!
got to be the greatest come back so far of 2017
I am sad twitter only lets me <3 this one time.
Well played.
Thank you Senator Scott! I am a Democrat but I think you're awesome!!
That was *the* most awesome reply! @SenatorTimScott
EXCELLENT RESPONSE SIR!
@NickAPappas Senator, your statement in support of Mr Sessions is factual and clear. Thank you.
I remind those who make that insult that in OUR GOP party, blacks sit on the porch of their own house, thank you very much.
You just won the internet good sir! Thank you for all your hard work, and the evil you face! #liberalsareevil
well done Senator!!  Your response just makes me love you more!
You've won the Internet today, good sir.

You, sir, are now even more of a hero to me than before. :-) 

Well played, I say, well played.

@ali This response won Twitter.
