I love this guy!
Are you a bot?
Takes one to know one skippy
How many accts do you have?
1, how many accounts do you have bot caller?
I could show you with one finger! But I'm more tempted to show you it double. Bye, bot.
How nice ~ i see you’re well mannered too ~ toodles skippy
1 /2 The gov. has developed it's own language. You are correct sir. We need straight talk. In common man terms from our Reps. and Senators.
In common terms, I will pay more in taxes. We earn less than 200k.
And you've done the math on this and know?
As an accountant, do you HONESTLY see the "#TaxReform" helping reduce the deficit and not giving money to the TRUMPs?
We need tax reform so that businesses will hire more American workers. Taxes are not income to the govt. We need a budget and stick to it.
Small businesses are started by the tax bracket being screwed by Koch-Mercers #TaxReform
They statistically cause the new hires, not the TRUMPs
Keep your money, great line. Tell us up front what can you promise us will happen, no lies, no stories, the real truth for the middle class?
We are at Full Employment Now. Average CEO to Worker Pay has gone from 20-1 in 1965 to 303-1 now. We don't need Corp #Taxcuts from #GOP
Increasing paychecks?  Seriously? Splain that math...I lose exemptions for fam of 6, prop tax, mortgage int, SALT deductions=HIGHER TAXES
Elected Democrats don't care about America. They only care about power. They will obstruct everything in hopes they can retake control.

No, #TaxReform is about giving huge tax breaks to the rich... Wall St., KOCH Bros, millionaire CEO S... in other words your donors!

https://www.facebook.com/theDanRather/posts/10159478288455716 …
Saw you on Fox today talking about tax cuts.  Spot on.  Unlike the snowflakes, you paid attention in economics class!!
tell me that there is not a $1 trillion Medicare & Medicaid cut in the budget to give your rich donors a tax break.
You’re lying Tim! You and @LindseyGrahamSC are taking a big crap all over the poor and middle class that  elected you.
This is untrue & relying on CEO's 2 keep promises that they are only making 2 help them get tax cuts.Think of promises u made to get elected
None of this is true
ThankU, @SenatorTimScott 4this clear and hearfelt message on #TaxReform!
Question was is the lowest rate going up frm 10% to 12% on the poor. Why are the poorest among us penalized for being poor, Active Duty>E4
Tim... This lie is only a distraction from the destruction going on in the WH. You and many in the GOP are silent about DT’s behavior.
by giving money to the rich
just like #bush did in 2008
You're still lying and still using that embarrassing hashtag. Please stop doing both.
All of you who like this are either bots or brainwashed
My taxes will go up. I'm middle class earning under 200k
Putin gets the Arctic drilling in the dossier via you @GOP traitors if this passes.
The list of incumbents I would send back to Congress is very short. However, @SenatorTimScott is on it!
Not true...cuts for businesses do NOT help raise wages. Stop lying.
Shit, I'm confused. I thought it was to extort more in the name of social justice. Gotta keep feeding that monster you know.

How much are you going to make for the DeVos's and how much of that are they funneling back to you?Got to keep those rich white folks happy
Why are you lying? This GOP tax reform has been tested in the past, it won't create more jobs, and nothing but strife trickles down to us.
The GoP-led tax reform is an attempt to send more wealth to the top 1%. Tell the truth.
What will u say when the tax cuts do not have the desired effect? Just another http://politrickster.Giving  people a 6 for a 9. Selling smoke.
Don't you wish he was Canadian and led the Tories?
Please get it right for us!
ok mr scott you get to take the position readdressing the grammar problem cocerning this issue, but its intent is still for union mid/class
you made it out of the gettho so you get the tax breaks, its clear why you want this  its good for your middle class family & new friends.
if you think the country is suppose to support this you need to do a better P.R study. this is white middleclass union workers getting rich
Not even them. This is for those earning over 250k.
Wrong tax cuts stimulus doesn’t create jobs. It never has stop ignoring USA economic analysis and look at last 5 tax cuts
Yes sir 
More nonsense from the GOP.  Cutting taxes for the top 1% has never boosted the middle-class.
Tax the wealthy or forget your "reform"
I need my luchini!
Your tax plan is great for business.  They deduct everything wanted as a business expense. While individuals can deduct nothing from 1040.
You keep giving the same old worn out speech.  You will never do real tax reform.  reducing rates is not tax reform.  Just politics again.
Why is the Republican Party so determined to screw the middle class? The only ones keeping their money are the rich. Shame. Shame. Shame.
But that is not what Trump’s tax plan is doing.   Stop just saying the same bs. Grow a pair.
How is giving tax cut to millionaires going to help the middle class? Trickle down does not work.
No, it isn't. It's about more money for very wealthy donors like the Koch family. Middle and working class Americans get screwed
Lol democratics lied 8 + now let’s get down to business republicans trump pass tax reform cut taxes for everyone
This plan raises taxes on average for those 100k-249k. Lowers it for 250k and up.
Corporate welfare.

Resign.
How is it we create significantly MORE JOBS when the economy is running at full employment?
Give it up @GOP! Americans know that you and your greedy, self-serving unstable @POTUS represent big business, wealthy, top 1%!
You lie
1983 middle taxes17.5% 2013 12.8% INCREASE WAGES only thing that will help the middle class.Quit lying. You will get a lobbyist job. Done
Middle class lowest taxes since 1983. Only increase in WAGES will improve our economy. Millionaires have plenty. Training and WAGES r answer
Its garbage for everyone but the 1% who get 80% of the subsidies and for Putin who gets to drill the Arctic. If you are 100k-249k your taxes will increase
Tim Scott for #SenatMajorityLeader
Yes, I agree, but the GOP bill is all about a big tax break for the wealthy. How about a bipartisan tax bill that benefits the middle class?
No tax cuts for the rich period....end of story. We are not stupid and we did not attend trump university school of bait and switch. Try again.
Cuts for wealthy tax working class into poverty & balloon the debt, bankrupting America. SHAME ON YOU
How does lowering top tax rates and eliminating estate tax put money in hands of low and middle income Americans?  BTW it doesn't.

Yeah right.
2/2 Explain the benefits to our wallets and the American market without using the IRS and govenment speak. That is when eyes glass over.
And your SC constituents would love to specifically address our concerns about it. The GOP and lying 45 have little credibility
ANY "REASONS" WHY....a "True" Conservative would NOT Vote 4 it?
no, it is about giving big tax cuts to the very rich at the expense of everyone else and increasing the deficit.
Gives Rich man more money
It’s tax cut for the same rich people  that’s the dame truth
@SenatorTimScott 
How is raising the bottom rate from 10 to 12% helping low class Americans?
Which of his foreign made products is he now having make by Americans? What wages is he paying them?
would like to see tax reform. everyone in Wash. should remember taxpayers pay their salaries, & i think they should live on minimum wages to
yr tax reform is saving big corp. such as @realDonaldTrump businesses yet the people have live on below poverty minimum wage, work two jobs.
your big tax reform should lift minimum wages to a living wage. Single taxpayer should carry the burdens with no deduction, or child credits
listen ive lived in SC longer than u've been a senator. sc has given business huge tax breaks that now taxpayers are paying to fix our rd.s
From South Carolina sir!!!! Thank you and please get Tax reform done !
No, Sen Scott. That's not what tax cuts for the rich do. You will harm working families. Vote NO, please.
My taxes will go up. We earn less than 200k.
Luv this guy On way up
WRONG!!
LIES!!!! Absolutely not true!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKCvf8E7V1g …  It is about tax cuts for the rich. A bad plan.
How can anyone even argue this? #iwantmymoney
My taxes will go up. We earn less than 200k
Competition in Aquirin the most headquarters to tax is the Gobal market.

Bringin in tax dollars allows humanitarian suffix for middle-Class
While giving the RICH More & Using GOPCARE to Increase your healthcare costs by over 30% Billionaires need more private Jets!
Just stop, Tim. These cuts primarily benefit the wealthy. Here you are trying to sell trickle down economics all over again.
It is time to take action. You are on notice that Trump is dangerously unfit.
Richard Painter and I wrote this 25th Amendment article. 

We believe it's time for an intervention. 

…
And your plan does none of this liar...
Senator Scott,
You have sold yourself to the the 1 percent. Seriously, you could do so much, but you have settled for so little.
You are on the money! His tagline should be #sellyosoul
#ImpeachTrumpPence
What a joke#truth#nottrue
This doesnt do that. The bracket offering the most new hires will pay MORE in taxes. The 1% who keep killing jobs will take 80% of the tax subsidies
Uncle Tim’s idea: Give his rich sponsors huge tax breaks assuming they will use that $ to create jobs. The only job he cares about is his!
Deal with all these taxes we pay in South Carolina dude before u try to get rich following up orange man
What if we view paying taxes as our duty as citizens. What if we don't believe in trickle down economics #KeepYoBS
By trickle down economic plan that has been tried and failed every time? Sure, let's give it one more go. 
Corporate Tax Cuts Don’t Create Jobs, They Enrich CEOs | The Nation
No, @realDonaldTrump, middle class wages don’t rise when you cut taxes for the wealthy. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/09/27/beware-of-trumps-claim-that-wages-will-soar-after-he-cuts-taxes/?utm_term=.f6668600918c … … #TaxReform
Actual U.S. Corporate Tax Rates Are in Line with Comparable Countries
Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is as Bad as the GOP's Health Care Plan | Economic Intelligence | US News
Kansas Warns Congress Not to Repeat Its Tax-Cut Mistake - The Atlantic
Trump budget replicates disastrous Kansas approach. This won’t end well.
How Minnesota's governor performed an economic miracle by raising tax on the rich and increasing minimum wage
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
There are over 6 MILLION unfilled job postings right now and unemployment is 4%!! #KeepYoRhetoric #BeHonest #Ivoted4U
Then why does this raise the bottom tax rate by 2%? Why does 90+% of this tax break go to the richest Americans? Disgusting
GOP tax plan is about giving a big tax break to the very rich at the expense of everyone else and increasing the deficit.
Then you need a new plan, the one you've come up with only helps the 1% and corporations. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNow
How do you figure? A, we haven't seen the details yet. B, from what we have seen if there is a bracket left as is, it's the top bracket
