Old Man Lewis has become a partisan hack. He is the one that owes Mr. Trump an apology for his ridiculous comments. Overrated hack.
- that is such an offensive tweet. U must not know much about the Civil Rights mvmt - or u don't care - or racist? 
- I will be fine - I worry about others - like my nephew who is a Navy Seal
- I want them to live! Worried about War with this idiot
Trump never questioned Lewis accomplishments.Told him to focus on his district
- his district is doing great - have u checked? DT didn't? 4 sure
I checked. 1 in 6 in district living in poverty; 8.2% unemployed.

Now this I agree with. New idea let's #MAK Make America Kind
Gd/luck with that,Leslie.Think task is prohibitive.Too many angries!
Lol, the LORD is better than luck who hasn't been angry#MAK
But usually you get over it. Not these days. It's a condition!
Let's change that starting with U & I, tired of the fighting
I haven't been fighting, just defending myself against angry ppl!
My mission is loving kindness 2 all ppl, a gr8 start#MAK
You are a loving person, Leslie.
not the president until sworn in, and not legitimate in any way, he is a moron!
Big lips?  Racist much?
So bigoted, unintelligent, old and worthless would be the "facts" about you?  Don't people you served.  It's an embarrassment
Like you would know.  He almost gave up his life then and represents a great district now.
He is only a race baiter to you because race makes you uncomfortable.  54% of us rejected Trump
stop giving him the time of day!
Tim - Go to Lewis' district .. and tell me his work has been heroic !
JL is,a relic who needs division to remain relevant.  Need bridge builders!
There are times when current spewing can cause past acts to be seen as invalid!!
One who lives by the glory of MLK and sucks black blood, just like JJ
NO HE IS NOT!  He is a jerk for calling our President Elect names.
While the rest of America is waiting w/ baited breath for his impeachment to follow

Has John lewis done any civil rights protest for any1 other than african Americans? Cuz if not, then its racist to call it civil..>
sorry senator.He was a hero but lost his hero qualities
LEGITIMATE only in the #GOP eyes, #GOP DE legitimized BHO 4 8yrs
Listen & Watch http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/5Axnu … …
- so very sad 2 hear this  x especially from u. Sure ur constituents r proud - NOT
please look at Mr.  LEWIS congressional District and tell me it's in good shape?
Lewis also lied about Tea partiers spitting on him & calling N word
Yup. He was indeed a civil rights hero back in the day, but that doesn't forgive him for today.

- he is a racist - go back to his housing record with his father.
your white privilege is showing
yall are idiotd,remember 1 thing,elections are coming soon,.many more seats lost!
DEMOCRATS beat him in Selma! He should denounce his own party!
Doesn't matter who you are you have the right to debate Noone is an exception! # JL
John Lewis would do much more for  and cub rights mov by accepting the election
what makes you think so? Look at his District.
AMEN
Nothing but love for Senator Tim Scott @FoxNews @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump
So lets stop attacks. But honestly Lewis started this!
Why isn't Lewis a republican like Dr. Martin Luther King Jr?
So sad #repjohnlewis is proving his ignorance and ruining his legacy.
Lewis is has been. He's now symbol of what's wrong w/ D.C. Zero accomplishment yrs.
john is devil and mean to white peoples
for those that say he is not my president well u still got to pay fed taxes
HOW exactly is John Lewis a hero?
Lewis irresponsible in this case.  Could encourage violence.  Not good!
John Lewis, childish, spoiled just like the sit-in he created. Rules r 4 all.Dont recognize DT as President then u need to leave
Thank you!
Well stated TimScott. Mr Trump will also be "an American hero" & the peoples' hero.
thank you Senator Scott.
God Bless you Senator.Relying on you 2 educate folks who have this anger.PRAY4U
Agree just wish that everyone would get along and do for our country!
trump is illegitimate..aided by Russia..17 intel agencies agree
There's a cloud over trump election.Praising Russia/Putin all the time doesn't help
@trumpgirls Lewis marched what has he done for any1 since?
@PA_for_Trump @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump what is the feud? Lewis is confused, media should stop exploiting him
good call.
Conservative politicians did not behave like this when Obama was elected
#voiceofreason Thank you!  #WeareallAmericans
Thank You for a voice of sanity and realism
You got it half right; that guy is "not" a legitimate President. Lewis is a "Hero"
Lewis have done gr8t things 4 blacks in the pass, but destroying it all at present.
Legitimacy of election is not the issue, it's his mental stability.
Did I read that Lewis had minimum impact on Selma?
Democrats used @repjohnlewis the same way they used Khan.they attack #Trump then libs feign shocked outrage if Trump hits back.

@malibujonfanti @FoxNews @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump Democrats party of hate always has been always will be
You got your black GOP who likes Trump?
john lrewis is a dinosaur
He won on a technicality, but lost The People's Vote and has done NOTHING to convince #WeThePeople to trust him. @SenatorTimScott
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/01/15/in-feud-with-john-lewis-donald-trump-attacked-one-of-the-most-respected-people-in-america/ …
Well said!
thank you Senator Scott for great response. Your statement is great advise.for all
whose going to go High, when everyone is going Low?
Yeah except he ISN"T LEGITIMATE. He's president of the FBI
All one has to do is to compare the words of MLK to Lewis the liar.
No Tim,
MLK is USA'S Civil Rights Hero. Lewis' actions are to put chains back on
We need fresh mind's. These old Civil Rights Pacifist that are living in the past. Need to be replaced this monument are
like Alzheimer's.
And I bet John Lewis is against term limits the real reason behind all the hoopla
Dear, John Lewis, 
Civil Rights Leaders.
you wear suits and ties, 
You're in the Capital ,
You had a black president.
NOW WHAT NEXT.
Pres Obama we love you, a gentleman, respectful to even your birthday, I stand with
leave him alone and get back to ork to fix us.
thank you
Don't forget that as you judge others, you will also be judged. 
@gailtalk @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump Right on both counts, Senator Scott!
@Chiro11Peter @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump Thank You Senator Scott!!
Thank you Senator!
Lewis fought hard for blacks to vote and now he undermines the legal process.
is Great American too. @repjohnlewis must apologize and respect the office @realDonaldTrump is the President.
go Tim now pull Louis to side and talk some sense. His state went to Trump huge
or uhuge
Rep John Lewis told the truth you're not a legitimate POTUS.
Really appreciate you being your own person! Thank you for your courage of being yourself sharing your own voice!
yes he was a hero, he used that platform to win a seat in the house. but what did he do from 1987 till now for a better America?
you basically said @repjohnlewis was wrong. Shame on you.
Trump is ILLEGITIMATE
bc Russia & Putin helped him/blackmail him
Well said Senator Scott! We need to stop the Baby Crying and heal our Land, NOW!
calling a joker a joker. It's time for our next non-presidential president
agree with you sir
But does that give Rep Lewis immunity form criticism-I think not.  Get rid of biased commentators Chris Wallace, Shep Smith, Geraldo & Juan
Heros don't act like asshats when the truth is told!!
@daveweigel @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump1yes 2not if  representatives were actually patriots and not in it for $
a hero he is a disgrace to blk Americas congress and his self
Scott is a gentleman with wisdom and integrity. I wonder about the others.
TRUMP WHO GOING TO PAY FOR THE WALL AMERICA I THOUGHT YOU SAID MEXICO # OOPS
@daveweigel @SenatorTimScott @repjohnlewis @realDonaldTrump NYET. Comrade Trump is not a legitimate president.
20 trillion in debt,roads crumbling, job lost and trump tweets thanks again USA
TRUMP YOU HAVE A JOB TO DO WHY THE HELL YOU SHOULD CARE ABOUT WHAT SOMEONE SAYS
Senator Scott is the voice of reason. Appreciate you Senator Scott..
TRUMP ACT LIKE HE CAN'T BE criticized GROW UP WE HAVE 20 TRILLION IN DEBT
HOW ABOUT TRUMP GROW UP AND GET OFF TWITTER LEAVE JOHN LEWIS ALONE
amazed at all of the hate, anti Trump people touted  Trumps hate-where's the love
why do you need to say that? Crooks elected trump the russians and JComey @FBI
This man is a true American, we all respect you Senator Scott for putting your Country first!  THANK YOU AND GID BLESS YOU. 
I believe MLK would disagree with Lewis regarding D.Trump's presidential win.
it should say John Lewis was a CR hero but now he only cares about money + power
"racist"
- sen Lewis talk out both sides of his mouth, thanks sen Tim Scott
Thank God for wonderful men like you I still say MLK would be ashamed of you if he was here HE WAS SUCH A GREAT MAN WITH PEACE
John Lewis's has lost touch with helping Americans
Thank you for being sensible !
 Lewis is no hero, he is a HOG 
Mr Lewis forgot one of MLK tenants to go w Love rather be than burdened w hate
lewis is a flipper rep to dem, riding the coatrails of a greatman, he is a turncoat
You can spread that kind of propaganda about Lewis, but the proof is in the pudding
My 1st disagreement with Mr. Trump. I don't agree that Lewis is a hero. He's a Dud!
Except Mr Lewis is wrong !
If only everyone in politics were like Sen. Scott. Boundless possibilities!!
he was a true civil rights activist. But now he is wrong for his actions.
Millennials don't care about this john Lewis character. What has he don't for me?
Humorous when a private citizen has questions, terrifying when congressman does it
Damn right!
Because Lewis did something good in the past doesn't give him license for this.
Lewis's current actions (lies, racism, immaturity) are overshadowing his past.
I suppose #2 is true if you favor Putin running our country via puppet.
- Demcrats spreading what we did call Russian Propaganda nothing new different tune
I agree with the first statement, disagree with the second.
Absolutely true. Lewis is a partisan politician. He supporting only Demoncrats.
thank you Senator! Those are not exclusive statements!
he is your legitimate president not everybody  elses.
these liberals are so childlike. It will be funny after he looses his seat.
well said sir
Bravo!
he's losing no credibility. Not a MLK, Jr. follower of love, unity, cooperation. There are consequences to his actions.
Tim Scott is a fine man I admire him but we can not agree about everything.
"#2" is certainly the correct number to use in describing Trump's legitimacy.
How can you call PEOTUS legitimate when all evidence thus far suggests otherwise?
- Wow! That's your response?
well said
#fair #truth #thankyou
Lewis lives a life based on perpetuating historical inaccuracies to stay relevant!
...why a Black Caucus any way, why not an American Caucus? Too inclusive? No race?
He did not win the popular vote, and the Russians helped him into office.
...but one can't rest on their laurels.
enough with the "HERO" sh.. 60 years ago i judge his actions NOW
so what gives him rights to make such  inaccurate statement and racist too ??
Now this man would make a good Pres.! Not racist like Cory Booker & Black Caucus...
Get him out of here!  Drain the swamp!
YES TRUMP IS LEGITIMATE N YES LEWIS IS CIVIL RIGHTS HERO BUT I WOULDNT SAY HE IS AMERICAN HERO HES LOSING THAT RESPECT FAST
thanks Tim us from SC
Lewis is a racisit if he thinks Trump is not legit Pres
A civil right activist denying Democracy? Perverse.
...and you wonder how a 'hero' could be so anti-American! @repjohnlewis
well said Sir!
WHY? is he a Hero because he walked with MLK?
 SPOT-ON Tim - Even Jill Stein failed at her re-counts; Trump the brand won .
just because he civil rights leader has nothing to do what he doing now sad
John Lewis how would you feel then? You would ask for forgiveness !
Right on!
which, is clouding your judgement! You make the stand and find out you were wrong!
John isn't acting like.a hero. He's actually acting like a zero
forgive the ones that wronged you on this earth and walk out of bitterness
Bitterness will become your idol in your life! Forgive those who have wronged
democrats are the ones keeping racists alive  so you're snowflakes needs to wake up
Love me some Tim Scott. Between him & Gov. Haley the state of SC has 2 superstars
John Lewis God tells us to forgive one another for without forgiveness bitterness
John Lewis that your a Christian and you believe in the Bible! God tells us
Lewis owes trump a apology  Trump never tweeted anything about civil rights
what your life is today and those who look up too you! I believe you .....
although Lewis is a civil rights icon, he is not above reproach #runtellthat
because your anger has made you prejudice of white and is clouding what your
John Lewis what you went threw you need to let it go! Forgive the ones that hurt u
step down sir. You are no good to anyone
stand up Sen Scott! True American
These are American Hero's.John Lewis is no American hero.Word HERO used too loosely
are not at fault for what you went throw! The past is not part of our past!
Win with class lose with class. Respect the Public, and the USA. *President Trump*
