How about good housing, free health care and equal access to education? Americans aren't succeeding - nothing to do with CT rate!
Yes and we need to support Tump 100  percent
Before pushing tax cuts for the rich, remember a hurricane is headed our way again.
Just do whatever tRump tells you to do.
#Prison4tRump
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP @DNC @SenatorBurr @realDonaldTrump @KamalaHarris
Does that include huge tax cuts for the 1%ers?
Thankful for your support of the @POTUS
Major corporations pay little to no tax presently. How do you fix the US infrastructure if you cut taxes for everyone. Tell the truth!!!
Capital gains, capital gains, capital gains. Want to help the people? CAPITAL GAINS RELEIF
Not everyone has Capital Gains!!
Trickle down economics did not work for the middle/lower class under Reagan; won't work today. Pay down debt,build roads,infrastructure
Yes it does work just because everyone didn't get a hand out you say it doesn't work!  Under President Reagan created 2 mill jobs in a year
Johnson. Kennedy & Clinton had better GPD then Reagan and these where not trickle proponents .
Kennedy's tax cuts worked because they were for working/middle class people, who SPEND and do not bank in Switzerland.
Are ordinary Americans going to fall for this again ?  As usual, they'll be allowed a few crumbs that fall from the table of the 1%.
Then you senators need to stop acting like spoiled children and help the president get this country back to be what it needs to be
Start with getting @realDonaldTrump to pay his share
I think there are factors more impactful than our tax code. Access to capital, access to education come to mind.
How about giving every American the opportunity to succeed with a free education rather than give more money to the rich?? #TaxReform
"Free" Education will inevitably in the span of a decade make a college degree worthless, just like free HS did to the HS Diploma
We need to change from an income based tax to a consumption based tax. Tax code is extremly complicated for most Americans. Love ya Senator
Completely agree! It makes a world of sense! Check out the #FAIRtax! @FairTaxOfficial
#FAIRtax it is wealth builder tax and keeps the kings in government from choosing winners and losers. Unleash poor workers from fica.
0% is real simple. All that extra money would certainly help ME succeed.
It wouldn't help you drive down a road, protect you from harmful chemicals in your food and water, defend you from foreign invasion..etc etc
Muh roads! The market does roads, food, & water better & cheaper. Defense done by the militia, a deer rifle behind every blade of grass.
Militias can't provide an Air Force, a Navy, Tanks, Nuclear Weapons. Would militias have defeated the Japanese national army?
Militias are run by strong men who when they want something, like your house and your wife, will roll up with their guns and take it
When seconds count, the police are only minutes away. Self defense cannot be effectively delegated, at an affordable price for most of us.
The Sudan canard? You can do better. Only saying that police cannot help you. Only a mostly-peaceful culture, and a gun.
Would you consider the USA to have a mostly peaceful culture? I struggle to think of a single case where militia rule wasn't nasty
Then why do GOP policies benefit the wealthy and penalize the vast majority of Americans? GOP is hellbent on destroying the United States.
No, that would be the Socialist left. Capitalism lessens poverty. Socialism equally distributed it to all except Party members.
Yes, Tim, but not to give the rich one more big tax break. Reagan, Bush, now Trump trying it.Each time the middle class gets poorer.No more!
Which lobbying group's *section of tax code* is GOP going to delete to "simplify" - Exxon, IBM, BofA, or maybe a Wall St company?
Yes!
FAIRTAX INITIATIVE @
Please do not give only the wealthy a tax break.  Look out for your middle class voters before they are gone.
Taxes are not the reason why Americans have a hard time succeeding.
On the flip side the other reason people fail to succeed is because the government gives to much of the stolen money to others
It's not stolen but given by citizens who *all* benefit from programs and services.
Sen. Scott, how can we trust any proposed legislative tax reforms when the Pres. himself refuses to release his? What is the big secret?
Before considering #Dreamers Make sure no #DREAMER never, ever has right to vote! #IllegalisIllegal #USKIDSFIRST Citizens before #DREAMERs
How much you getting paid by your rich donors Senator? Cut FEMA funding to give tax breaks to 1%? Wow! Does it feel good to screw the poor?
Then get to work and do something. McConnell should step down.
Sen.Scott, we have too many navel-gazing GOP who are enamored with their "principles", can't see the big picture and be a team player.
Talk to @SenateMajLdr
How bout low and middle class - not just you and the rich?
Tim, we have spoken about this... and I approve!!! The big guy hates lies, but I love 'em. 30 pieces of silver to you sir! Poor be Damned!
Tax cuts & tax reform are 2 wildly different things. We both know you'll do the former & try & convince us it's reform. Not buying your BS!
@SenatorTimScott we have no confidence in you! Why bother? #2018
If he won't release his taxes we don't trust him with ours.
Reduce corporate taxes and bring jobs and $ back home!!!
You must pay attention to Trump's nominee for the Criminal  Division  U. S. Dept of Justice  NO cannot believe he's even being considered
Even if it means damning my soul...
I trust that you will step up and work with Mr Trump on his tax reform plan.
Oh for god's sake, show some backbone & self-respect instead of just parroting the @GOP talking points. You were better on Charlottesville.
Support the President and GET IT DONE. RINOS will not be reelected if they obstruct. MAGA candidates are coming in the primaries
We should see Trump's taxes before the tax bill is passed. Let us see who he owes money to and where his money comes from.
We must send money to Texas instead of spending it on the wall. The wall should not be attached to the relief bill for Texas.
Ted had a nice plan, go copy & paste it, and keep it simple enough to fit on a postcard at 14 font
I'm willing to show my tax returns to better understand how that reform will benefit me. Will @realDonaldTrump be willing to do the same?
Americans need decent wage before worrying about modest tax cuts. Priorities, man, priorities.
#endcorporatewelfare
Keep up the great work Senator!
Thank you for working for us.
No. Corporations need to be paying their fair share instead of the middle class.  They pay much lower rates than the effective tax rates.
How about increasing the marginal rate to what it was during Ike's era.  Let's start there.
gotta relieve middle class of medicare/caid payroll tax. They can't pay for everyone elses healthcare too. #universalHealth
You guys have been promising this.....you have control..... get it done!!!!
AMEN!!!  LETS GET THIS DONE!!!!
Another break for the 1%... #Complicit party over people #whatstheplan
Tax reform needs to favor the middle class. We do NOT need to spend taxpayer money on a wall. Let Mr. Trump finance. Mexico can repay him.
what a grand idea  @realDonaldTrump
I am all for tax reform. That said I am more worried about Mr. Crazy behind the wheel. And Nazis, hurricanes, civil war...
Are you a puppet who just repeats everything @POTUS @VP @realDonaldTrump says, shameful you are not useful to the community
..and make sure they receive help along the way...like you did.
True Tim

This is like the 3rd time I've seen you so this shit haha
?
Trick question, who bashed trickle down economics??? Take your time, I'll wait.
You must pay down the deficit. You must not rob FEMA of 875 million during hurricane season to fund Trumps South China wall!
Tax the churches.
The middle & lower classes need a lot more help than the wealthy do.  There's absolutely NO proof that tax cuts for the rich = more jobs.
We must learn to work together - bipartisan, please.
We must deal with many things Senator too bad administration is only interested in dividing country and gutting g democracy
Then pass reform, not corporate welfare.
Ahhh Shut Up Clarence Thomas!
And Republicans are racist 
every american? not just corporate tax cuts? has congress or SC given us tax reform or tac cuts, we need to pay for that big beautiful wall
How about taxing the RICH & corps HIGHLY for a while until we can actually build back a middle class again? That's #TaxReform
How about the government gets their budget under control so they don't need to take so much of our money.
That, too. They need to start somewhere QUICKLY before middle-class is totally extinct.
Pls remember the "every"part of that pledge. #TaxReform
Please share your thoughts with Mitch McConnell.  I understand them. however. never can tell with Mitch.  He is soon to be retired senator.
Love you. But you guys a#have it all. Get It Done. No more talk please. Do it by whatever means needed.
what a bunch of bull!!
AND DO AWAY WITH ALL TAX LOOPHOLES FOR THE RICH AND CORPORATIONS!!!
I can't wait to hear your plan Senator...
yeah they will tell us all about the plan just like the way they did with the still unresolved healthcare bill. how can we trust any word?
If every American was given equal opportunity in education like Iceland,their chances of success would improve.
Who's taxes are you reforming how much less would it cost so!some making 25000 a year and how much would it save making 2 million a year?
I live in the positive. But after this year Mr Scott I can't believe or entertain anything you say. Much regret helping you
simplifying is not the solo answer, taxes are complicated because there are multiple situations out there, #whatabouttheaccountants
Yes we should.
Fair Tax Now!!! #FAIRtax
1st we need campaign finance reform. 2nd we must admit that trickle down tax breaks are a myth. The 2nd won't happen w/o the 1st.
Thought good public education, equal protection and anti-discriminatory protection helps every American succeed.
I don't want cuts for the wealthy and my deductions are taken away. Remember the one writing this new tax code bragged he never paid taxes.
Yeah-all your donors, aka the 1% need a tax break so they can bribe you...oops mean 'donate' to you even more! SMH!
Who taxes are you re-forming?
Make Corps pay their fare share then. End subsidies for profitable industries like fossil fuels and sugar. Tax that offshore'ed cash
Genius we already have the highest corporate tax rate of major  world economies.
Corps don't pay the full rate. They pass it off on local tax base. Fees, fines and assemnts go up.
Aren't you just the good trump soldier.
These are empty words... and per the usual @GOP has no actual plan or details
Support the President, Senator. Thank you. #TaxReform
Poor Renee doesn't know that she will also be screwed by Trump/GOP's tax plan for the wealthy. She believes GOP propaganda. #BlindedByWhite
And I'll work  for your re-election for free. Sign me in!
Trumps first full quarter 3%, people thought it was a pipe dream. Done w/nothing but executive orders. Imagine if tax and healthcare reform.
Simplify, yes. Huge cuts for wealthy, NO! Billionaire tax cuts at expense of weakest is unAmerican & inhumane.
Inhumane? No whats inhumane is big government and less freedom. We need lower taxes and less wealth redistribution
Lie
Stop talking. State the specifics of the plans. You have been in office for years and WTH has GOP been doing?!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We must assure incentives for giving to charity aren't shredded to pieces as well!
I agree 100%.  I want my donation to Clinton Foundation to count.
#NoReturnsNoReform
We should, but we won't. If you failed on Healthcare? No way you get something this complex done. 

DC still lacks #Results people.
Blah Blah Blah   Pardon me if I don't believe y'all anymore.
Lots of broad stroke words. No meat. HOW DOES YOUR "PLAN" IMPACT A FAMILY OF 4 IN COLUMBIA?  No answers = no plan. #NoGames.
Please help get it done.Nothing infuriates me more than Senators criticizing our President's tweets etc. instead of Repealing Ocare & taxes
@winerules that was a grand slam! Thank you!
Which code is he endorsing? Can I have a link w/proof that's the 1 he is endorsing & what is being proposed? Haven't seen a bill yet, so...
Listen to your constituents, and your conscience. NO TAX BREAKS FOR THE TOP 1%.
Carol, they can't get anything done at all. Stop with this petty CRAP
Congress needs to do something good for the American ppl. Sure didn't repeal & replace Obama care like what was promised Just my opinion
I agree now tell yhe rest of the gop to stop blocking the President just to make him fail
Tim. Tragedy in progress. Your buddies the Kochs can wait a while for the big tax cut you promised them. Think for a minute about Houston!
You clowns couldn't even get rid of Obamacare after insisting for 7 years that it would destroy America.
