You've never responded to an email from me. Not even a form letter. Do you even care what your constituents want? #noDeVos
it is clear from the fb comments what the majority of posts, calls, emails from constituents is, so you MUST vote that way.
what did you do? You turned your back on children, especially those in poverty to tow the party line on DeVos @con_text
Didn't respond to my email either! #Midterm2018
#ProfileInCourage
#StopDeVos because school vouchers take resources away from public education. Zipcode 29403.
why bother? You ignored all but the ones that agreed with your purchased support. i emailed and called for hours.
Please don't vote 4 Betsy DeVos. No experience. She paid for it in donaitons to Trump! Do you care about Inner City schhools/children?
@postandcourier Didn't you attend public school? Was Stall HS good enough for you? What if that wasn't an option?#noDevos
Why don't you man-up and speak up like Graham? Your voters didn't necessarily jump on the Trump Train! Moral compass?
#StopDeVos she is unqualified. Our children and their education deserve a better Secretary of Education!
From one SC public school graduate to another, you know Betsy is unfit. As we say in the South, "Bless her heart." #noDevos
Don't pretend that you are interested in our voices when you continue to support DeVos
every platform is filled with your voters pleading for you to #blockdevos and you claim we're confused. I'm not.
Because it all means absolutely nothing to the controlling powers.
I bet the left is flooding his phone lines.
Please do not let this nomination go through. She does not have the experience nor character to lead #StopDeVos #DumpDevos
Please listen to the majority of voters and stand up against the immigration ban, the wall, Bannon and Devos
your phones are busy because the people you represent want you to hear us saying #DumpDevos!  Can you hear us now?
He'll hear us when he's up for reelection.
@Kiawah_Island @SeabrookIslnd87 do not re-elec this senator. He wants SC to continue to be at the bottom for education.
no to DeVos!
Don't email. Call! He wants you to email b/c emails aren't answered. Call! #blockdevos
vote no on DeVos!!!
Please, your form letter response contained 3 different fonts. Vote no to Betsy DeVos! Our children deserve better!
PLEASE vote no to DE Voss. She knows NOTHING about public ed!
I beg you to vote no on Jeff Sessions for attorney general!! He can NOT be confirmed!! We can do better
Please vote NO on @BetsyDeVos. She is far from the best choice for our nation's youth. Be the voice for them!
Work with Trump.  Don't listen to these minority voter BS.  Bunch of whiney losers.
stand with your constituents and vote against Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos.
vote no on DeVos and Sessions. We will keep calling, emailing, and tweeting to show that your constituents said NO!
we need Sessions confirmed
you know why we're calling. As south carolinians, we're asking you to please revoke your support for @BetsyDeVos.
My zip is 29860. No to DeVos.
I emailed last week and asked for a reply, but still no reply. #noDevos
and tweet and post on FB and mail letters
Please vote on on DeVos. Our children are depending on you!
no
Or call one of his OTHER numbers! Midlands 803 771-6112, Upstate 864 233-5366, Lowcountry 843 727-4525
Yeah, but you don't answer your ems for days, then send a generic response that has nothing to do w/the question. Coward.
vote NO #StopDeVos
you don't read the emails.
I beg you to vote NO on deVos nomination. Her lack of preparation for her hearing was appalling. Support US students.
btw, your phones are busy and mailbox full. Others like me-30 years in ed.-may be contacting you. Thank you.
Please vote against conf. of Ms. DeVos. Chart. schools take money and have poor test results/account. True in SC et al.
Good day senator.We really like you as our representative in the senate and look forward to seeing you someday!!
Say NO to DeVos!!
Do the right thing. Vote no on the travel ban. You love this country? You love our constitution? Then you can only vote no.
most Americans ARE NOT for the #MuslimBan - Trump's agenda or for #BetsyDeVos or #Sessions Please vote NO to both.
DeVos is unfit, period.
I'm glad the phones have been busy..hope you hear us!#noDevos
I did email you and got a form letter response. WHY are you hiding from your constituents? None of us want DeVos.
I called last week and gave my address! Am I one of those "out of state" people? 29466 and I say NO  to DeVos! Will you?
Vote No for DeVos.  Resident at 29205
Thanks for your support of POTUS! Clarification is usually a good thing!
> Please vote NO, against Betsy DeVos!  Vote for the children of the USA, not the GOP.
Where you then ignore us? @SenatorTimScott @postandcourier
Great, #StopDeVos You can vote no, please do!
Please take a stand for education and children everywhere and vote AGAINST Betsy DeVos!!!
as won't pickup to hear about stopping votes for Rex, Betsy, Price ect. All Senate gop ignoring citizens
i live in 29001, clarendon county. Perhaps youve been there. Ive called both your offices and emailed. Please, #noDevos
vote no on Betsy Devos. #StopDeVos
please PLEASE vote NO on Betsy DeVos! #StopDeVos
No to DeVos. Hoping for the best when someone's shown they're unqualified is not leadership. Please be a leader.
My zip is 29063. PLEASE, I beg of you, say no to DeVos and Pruitt. Don't let money blind your decisions.
stand up for qualified officials and quality education. #StopDeVos
please vote against Betsy Devos. She is wrong for the job. Do what is right for America's children.
would rather your staff clear out that voicemail inbox so you can hear the gravity and weight of my words. #NoBanNoWall
why are numerous senator phones busy? That many calls? Hope so. No to Betsy Devos!
You are about to become really popular. I sent you an email&tweet. We are all very concerned and waiting for your response.
If you won't answer your phones, how can we trust that you'll actually read our emails??? #NoDevos
so a canned response that basically says "lol I'm still going to vote for her" shame you've been bought #VoteNoDevos
- You received more than $40,000 from the DeVos family during the past four years. SOUTH CAROLINIANS ARE WATCHING!
please stand up for education and our children and vote against Betsy DeVos.
Senator Scott - I hope you consider voting No on #BetseyDeVos  #noDevos  - Thank you for consideration.
Too many in SC having issues contacting you. Time for a down home Town Hall, Senator? I think so.
so we can get the canned response letter addressing no concerns we called about? Been down that fruitless road.
Your VM is full, so email sent. Please vote against Betsy Devos for education. She is simply unqualified.
the system right now is not working.  I know you will make the right decision.
Vote NO to DeVos. Her agenda will set edu back 50 yrs. If you care about SC kids, vote NO. SC resident; zip 29203.
I will donate $ to ANYONE who runs against you. Do you see how much ACLU raised? Tea party was nothing.
Yes!  You can now choose how to be ignored by form letters littered with untrue statements.
Time to stand for America is now. Vote no on DeVos, Sessions and Tillerman. Woefully unqualified and highly suspect.
make sure you stand up to Trump and take your important position in the separation of powers. #ChecksAndBalances
please vote against Devos. For the sake of kids all over this country  
Most of America is not behind @POTUS the protests prove that.
wrong.
I live in sptbrg, serve on D7 comprehensive health adv committee & my children attend pub school - please vote NO devose
Say no to DeVos.  Zip code 29631. Listen to us. Don't let billionnaire Betsy buy your integrity. We will remember.
.@SenatorTimScott The rhetoric of "choice" obfuscates the real damage vouchers do to public education--the backbone of democracy #NoDeVos
Senator, please hold up all the nominations until Bannon is out.
thank you, Sen Scott, for keeping America SAFE
@AP portrays you as opposing temporary immigration procedure, not just how it was implemented.
VOTE YES ON @BetsyDeVos She is what EDUCATION REFORM has been waiting for.
Of course your lines are busy... Betsy DeVos has bought your vote for $49,200. Start listening to the people, Senator!
are you listening to us? #resist
you're gonna do what Billionaire Betsy paid you to do

say no to #Devos !
Give 100% support to immigration EO and Trump. He is right.
will you actually read them, even if we are urging you to change your course?
no he won't. You'll get a standard form letter reply. He's been bought!
How frequently are emails truly read? A lot of people suggest calling due to the attention garnered by speaking right then
HOW

WEAK

ARE

YOU

BRO?
