Asking DeVos to chip in a little more for that vote, eh?
vote what you believe is best not what others tell you.
That's not how this works. He's paid with SC taxpayer money to represent the people of SC not himself.
and we the people voted for Trump and him.  And he's doing what we want we elected them.
Actually, we didn't vote for Trump. He lost the popular vote. Scott's job is to rep us and not himself.
Yes he won like everybody else does electoral and he is representing us maybe u don't agree but he is me
Then ask him to rep what you think is right. Don't tell him not to listen to his constituents.
I will tell him what ever I want. And I trust him not your place to tell me what I can say
You're absolutely right. I apologize that should have had a "please" in front of the "don't".
Been calling for days to full voicemail. My zip is 29030. Please do the right thing for us. No on DeVos, no on Sessions.
- you're working really hard to get Trumps attention- best move ever - just leave SC
please hear us. We are not happy with this government. Please stand up *for* us. NoDeVos noSessions noban.
Don't let @BetsyDeVos buy your vote! You KNOW she's unqualified. Vote your conscience! People will respect your integrity
So disappointed. Cost of your vote = $49,000. Pretty cheap I guess to pay for a Cabinet position.
No on Devos. Listen to your educators. Don't belittle them.
Clearly you aren't listening.
good to see that. Everyone I know who has been calling about DeVos can't get through. Hope staff can  get thru voicemails!
Please do not support DeVos for appointment as Education Secretary. She is unqualified!
You're constituents are begging you to vote NO on Sessions and DeVos!!
You didn't listen! All I hear out of your mouth is what you want. Do you realize you represent us? #nobetsydevos
You already done lied and said all you got was out of state calls.
Call his office! Flood his lines! Tim Scott received $50K from DeVos. He does. not. care. about. children's. education.
Remember how Trump got in office. The forgotten are out here, mostly silent now but not at election time. Help Trump.
tried to call you three times yesterday. Please vote no on Betsy Devos. I reside in Tega Cay 29708.
please vote against Betsy DeVos and stand up against this executive action #noDevos #MuslimBan
, I am a public school teacher in South Carolina. Say, "NO!"  To Betsy DeVos.
I'm sorry, but I believe this photo was staged. You are clearly not listening to us. Once more, I implore you to vote NO.
You're talking, but are you listening?
Our country and our state need you to be a true leader and oppose the selections being made by Mr. Trump. No to DeVos!
Cute, but you ignored us anyway. So now let's talk about BANNON on the NSC. Will you really support a white nationalist??
please vote No on Sessions please
#noDevos #NoSessions #NoBanNoWall
, I taught 30 years in SC. Can't respect decisions of someone who hasn't taught telling teachers what to do.  No DeVos!
@MaryCaitlinByrd you voted for Trump that's why I voted for you...support our President
please stand up against Trump.  Join the other senators both Democrat and Republican and say no to the Muslim Ban.
it's not a Muslim ban! It's seven countries. There are FORTY countries that are Muslim.
HO JEFF SESSIONS
Please block Betsy DeVos! She is dangerous, a liar, and unfit for the role! Do not allow this to happen! Listen to the ppl.
Glad to see you're taking time to listen. Consider voting no or at least for a 2nd hearing for Betsy DeVos.
Hopefully hearing from SC educators—including conservative ones, ones who voted for you—that Betsy DeVos is unqualified.
unqualified and ethnically inappropriate.
*ethically
the American ppl are disenfranchised with politicians that ignore their ppl #nodevos #nosessions or #noscott will b next
Support Ex. Order limiting refugees it's just a 120 day, TEMPORARY pending the MUCH NEEDED investigation of information.
From a CHS County resident-please vote NO on DeVos!! Do right by all our kids-vote with a clear conscience! #Unqualified
hope you are listening as your SC constituents beg you to realize Betsy DeVos is not qualified to be Education Secretary.
Your voicemail is still full. As a SC teacher, vote #noDeVos. Look at how she hurt MI schools. She is unqulified. Vote no
*unqualified
please #StopDeVos and take a stand for public education.
Block DeVos, please! She is unqualified and will deny the disabled, poor and minorities any chance at a decent education.
- I beg you to stop this admn. I have witnessed this type of government destroy a nation. Please don't let it happen here.
HEYOOO I like that cup on your desk Senator! #SpursUp
your phones only ring to full voicemails. 29316 is my zip. No DeVos.No Bannon. No Sessions. Watching you closely. I vote.
but no one would take this republican voters call on devos...I may not have $50k, but donate plenty!
please stand up to Donal Trump! He's unbalanced.
please vote no on DeVos!
You must be talking to Betsy DeVos. We've been trying to call you all week, please vote NO. #StopDeVos
if SC students promise $50,000 for next campaign will you vote for their interest instead of your own? #VoteNoDevos
Devos is the wrong choice for our children and teachers in this country....A conservative EDUCATOR we can stomach....
What are you going to do Sen? Trump is a "Showman"
I'm a constituent and parent who opposes the nomination of Betsy Devos.  Please vote "no".
Check your email too! #noban #noDevos #StandUpToTrump
same old Wash. crap just going along party lines. Do the RIGHT thing. KIDS over party ties. They are our only hope. Say NO!
what is your actual position on the executive order/Muslim ban?
I called your office twice in last week. I'm a public charter teacher. How about asking educators? #yestochoice #noDevos
#StopDeVos
#stopsessions
I'm a SC teacher, not in the union, who does not support DeVos. Come visit my class to see choice in public school
I've yet to hear a teacher in Anderson voice support for DeVos. Please vote no. She is woefully unprepared, inexperienced.
stand with Trump!
Were you speaking with educators?
Nov 2022 seems distant now, but keep ignoring us and we'll remember.  Step up and #stopDeVos or enjoy it while it lasts.
"school choice" sounds good until you find that billionaires profit from charter schools who siphon $ from poor no to DeVos
Please listen to the educators of your state when we say we do NOT support Betsy. #SCedchat
I called your local office this afternoon. The staff was very pleasant, I hope they passed along my opposition to Ms. DeVos
vote NO to DeVos. Help our students and our future!
please vote to confirm Jeff Sessions as Attorney General. Also the Education Secretary nominee. Thank you.
you don't really believe what you said about Devos, do you? You are smarter than that
you sure didn't listen though. Would you still support DeVos if she hadn't given you 40k?
let your conscience be your guide
please Do Not vote against Sessions or the moratorium on foreign travel. Please stand strong for SC.
Please NO DeVos, NO Session's. Let's just get the Elephant N room= Vote 4 NO on ALL of Trumps mess. Thx!
Please vote no to DeVos & support public schools! Work with us to improve choice for ALL students. SC Republican Teacher
hopefully you've heard all your messages in opposition to DeVos confirmation - your constituents' voices should be heard
Please, please do NOT vote for DeVos. Disaster for public ed. Much better choices! CHS SC
Why have hearings? Pay me and I'll vote you in, right Senator Scott?
please vote no to #BetsyDeVos.I'm an educator. She's unqualified & anti public schools. It's unamerican & will hurt kids.
i'm sure they were all telling you to #StopDeVos - LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
please tell us your are listening to the outcry for a #NoBetsyDevos vote all parties are asking for! #educationisnot4sale
Please vote no on DeVos, she is not qualified!
I live in Columbia (29212).  Please vote no for all Trump's nominations. Shut him down before he kills us all.
@WatchYourRepsSC no to Devos!
sir, a yes vote will ignite the fire in me to put $ and time- you will not be reelected. SC educators WILL NOT forget.
No to DeVos and Sessions. No, no, no.
Please don't support DeVos.  She's not the right choice!
#noDevos
I have been attempting to reach out but you won't respond?  Why?
I am a retired teacher. Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified for the job.
your mailbox is full and no one is answering...your support for DeVos is a mistake we won't forget
I recently moved to SC and you're my Sen. now. Devils is unqualified. Please don't vote for her!
vote no on DeVos.
I hope they were urging you not to support Devos. As a public school teacher I urge you to reconsider voting for her
just my daily reminder to vote no to DeVos. #SchoolChoice only works out for the very wealthy.
Are we not, as a Nation, granted sovereignty?  I would expect our Senators to be uniquely more protective of this right.
vote #noDevos #NoSessions #nomuslimban I've tried to call, but mailbox is full.
we support Trump and extreme vetting. Why not?
I tried to leave you a message today - vote NO on DeVos and Sessions if you care anything for the US
& I hope they are urging you to decline to confirm Devos. I know I am 
Never answered my call! #SayNoToDeVos
I am going to protest the protesters. We voted you in to make good decisions and I trust you will. Keep up the good work
Call me and I will be more than happy to explain why you should vote NO to DeVos! #SCed #VoteNoDevos #kidsdeserveit
please vote NO to Devos!
stop the optics, like you care about South Carolinians!
@postandcourier Support Betsy Devoss. MAGA Time for a change, education system is stagnant
#StopDeVos because she is supremely unqualified and our kids deserve better. Zipcode 29403.
@postandcourier Oppose Betsy Devose.
DeVos is wholly unqualified and Sessions is a civil rights nightmare. NO NO NO #ResistTrump #ResistBannon
VOTE NO ON DEVOS SHE IS UNQUALIFIED!!! #NoonDeVos
#VoteNoDevos
I urge you to show support for Trump's efforts to keep America safe!!!
please vote NO on Betsey DeVos -Unqualified and conflicts of interest. Do the right thing.
Tim,would you tell Obama to stay out of the effort to get our country back after his failure as president!!
Keep up the great work!  School Choice is the only hope for SC!  DeVos is great!  Immigrants are learning to update! #MAGA!
please dump DeVos!
I am a constituent and public school teacher. Hear the voice of the people over your relationship w/ DeVos and vote no!
just retired -following closer now- u r the right guy to represent us- Thank you for your service
come out and say no to DeVos and Sessions and that may help.
Constituent from Greenville, SC.  Please do your part to ensure a qualified Secretary of Education. Say No to DeVos.
Please vote against DeVos for Sec. of Education. A billionaire w/NO experience! Really?
please vote no on Betsy Devos. My children attended public school in Chas, SC. I am a resident and my dtr taught at Stall
give us a statement that comes from YOUR heart, not Marco's pen. #NoBanNoWall #NoDevos
My public school students aren't old enough 2 vote so they need YOU to look out for their best interests. Vote NO to DeVos.
also, check your voice mail.
Please oppose DeVos. We can have conservative spending without destroying our children's education and future.
Senator, please vote no on Devos for Education.She's clearly unqualified. Our children deserve better. #countryoverparty @SenatorTimScott
if you vote for Jeff Sessions, he will take his marching orders from white supremacist Bannon. Take a stand and vote no
hopefully you are figuring out Devos is not good for poorer school districts, consider voting no and ask for someone better
thanks for taking our calls,Senator! Hear our voices!  #NoBanNoWall #noDevos
Wish I'd been able to get through or even leave a message #notoDeVos #StandUpToTrump  #scvoter
please #resist. Take the money and run and #SayNoToBetsyDeVos
And yet you have chosen to ignore our calls. This conservative will be voting for someone else in the primary
Thank you for  keeping your promises... The message on the news tonight was awesome...
Please note your voters are NOT NECESSARILY Trump supporters! Don't turn your back on the African-American community!
@postandcourier You better be telling them you will do your sworn duty to defend the constitution. #NoBanNoWall
please say no to DeVos
we know you took 50k from Devos for your campaign...if I. An get you 60k for next election will you vote #noDevos ?
don't let the  dems bullying and rhetoric distract you, their in campaign mode now that they lost
Protect SC working families. #notoPuzder.
sure hope you got my message!!!! #noDevos
and I hope you were addressing constituent concerns over Trumps incompetence narcissism & failure to consult career pros!
Support SC students #no DeVos
vote your conscious ..you know what's right here.  #StopDeVos #stopsessions
I have no faith in you doing the right thing no matter how many of us call., or try to call. You're in the pocket of the DeVos family.  Sad
I am a constituent. (29203). Vote NO on Sessions, seriously reconsider DeVos before voting, & join Graham vs travel ban.
yes to DeVos , tillerson and Sessions
If court orders are being ignored we're counting on Congress to step up and speak out against that.
did anyone from South Carolina talk to Tim Scott? If you did please respond!
@indivisible_sc5 @SenatorTimScott I spoke to a staffer past 5 days. He supports DeVos despite almost all calls against her.
Sad they aren't taking our requests seriously. We will remember.
 you funny dude @SenatorTimScott
You are ignoring your constituents.  WE ARE NOT CALLING FROM OUT OF STATE.  Beaufort Co. teachers NO on DeVos!
a few?! I thought we were all out of state robocalls? Your voicemail has been full!! #SCsaysnoDeVos #NoonDeVos
all of your voicemails are full. Please fix this. And please change your mind and vote NO to DeVos & Sessions #StopDeVos
#VoteNoBetsyDeVos #VoteNoSessions
Stay strong. Need your focus and leadership. 
I hope you have heard what we think of Betsy DeVos and how we would hope you would vote for someone more qualified.
I'm from SC and can't reach you. What are you going to do about this train wreck of a President? And NO to DeVoss
I didn't realize @SenatorTimScott knew how a phone worked, considering his voice mail has been full for a week #noDevos #NoSessions #SCVOTER
maybe you should listen to us and vote NO on DeVos. She's not good for SC.
No to DeVos and Sessions.
please #DumpDevos
Really? Your voicemail was full every time I called this weekend and today. Resorted to faxing you. Vote NO to DeVos.
did you listen to them? They're saying to VOTE NO on #deVos #DeVosHearing #constituent
@postandcourier Resident of James Island who couldn't reach you this am. Put me down for a big fat NO for DeVos!
SC Independent  #noDevos #nomuslimban #NoBannon
I urge you to vote NO ON BETSY DEVOS. She has no public school experience. U can do better. All kids deserve education!
Public school experience is not a selling point. School system cronyism, stagnation, shake up needed
hopefully hearing how we should oppose DeVos, immigration ban, and this spew of EOs (shouldn't congress have a say?)
BLOCK DEVOS!!!
I know you had a plethora of YOUR constituents calling to say #StopSessions #StopDeVos
Fix stagnant education system pass Devoss. Time for positive change. Support Jeff Sessions extremely qualified
He must've called them. I tried to call him all day and couldn't get through.
Wonder what @SenatorTimScott is writing? *zoom and enhance*
Things to do instead of answering the phone: 1. Avoid Twitter, 2. Avoid Facebook, 3.Pokemon Go, 4.Snacking
Talk to your fellow senators and get my President's cabinet filled. It's taking way to long.
Maybe if they bothered tonfill@out their complete background checks on time
I know new presidential term is a tuff start; keep praying Senator. Holler if you need help. Brothers in Christ are w/ you.
@LindseyGrahamSC  please get @nazanin_zinouri HOME TO GREENVILLE SC. ASAP#nothowwetreatoneofourown #clemson
we are holding all our politicians accountable for what trump is doing. Please stand up for the country.  #nodevos
As a former special education teacher I can attest to the fact that Betsy DeVos is totally unqualified. Vote NO
Line has been busy most of the day. Did you take it off the hook? Vote NO on DeVos/NO on Sessions! Get Bannon OUT of the WH
cool photo, now do the right thing.
Thank you and Sen Rubio for keeping us up to date on this latest immigration issue!
was @BetsyDeVos promising you a few extra thousands?
DeVos is WHOLLY  and UNIQUELY unqualified to be Sect of Education. You should oppose her, or at least abstain. TIA
We are moving to SC this year and are proud you will be representing us. God bless you and your family.
Why don't you support DJT? We voted for him and want his agenda.  Please support it.  We are .
is that why your voice mail has been full for over a week? Had to resort to faxing you.
Back the President!  He's doing what has needed to be done for 8 years
No longer a SC resident, but still watching. Stand up for what's written on Statue of Liberty. And get Bannon OUT of the WH
- do whats right Senator plse! @BetsyDeVos is not qualified in any way! Show us that not all politicians can be bought!
People have waited for 3 years to come into the country, 3 months won't hurt.  How many prisoners are still in Iran?
What is your statement on @potus's EO on immigration and refuges? @PalmettoProgres @wis10 @WLTX @thestate
it was a Waffle.  He's afraid to commit to one stance
more than a few, I've called 5 times today and when I try and leave a message, your mailbox is full...
I got through to his DC office on the first try.
