Will u go as Tom or Tim. Asking for a friend! WAKE UP! #TRUMPSAFRICANAMERICANREPUBLICAN. #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #trumpusedyou
So which is it he's African American or a White Supremacist idiot? Funny he hired the first black CEO in NY what a racist lol
lol. The old I'm not racist, I have a black friend narrative. He hired a black guy, so he can't possibly be racist! Got it
He has hired many black people received an award along with Rosa Parks for the work he has done for inner cities moron
u only mention the 1st blk CEO in ur tweet!I was responding to that. Yet u call me a moron. Me thinks u have issues. Reclaiming my time! 
No maybe you should stop listening to CNN and Killary and you would know the facts.
That's truly sad that they couldn't even spell your name right! Uncle Ben, Aunt Carol, and I could tell it was like it didn't matter!
Hopefully they'll call you Tim instead of Tom!  The self-proclaimed Head Brother In Charge!
"We the people" WILL be watching-you know there are more than black lives that matter-I matter I voted for you hoping for your help-IMPEACH
Senator Tom Scott
I will not vote for you again
Have U noticed NOBODY (but me 2 mock your racists ass)EVER Responds to ANY of your Ridiculous tweets? Aaaahahah nobody cares who U vote 4!
Good effort on #racism, but based on today's comments from #POTUS @realDonaldTrump, sounds like it didn't take.

That mofo been racist all his life, everyone knew.
Only the resentment bags who are sore over #ByeByeObama feel that way
Trump can't walk Obama's dog. You don't need a yard stick to measure an inch worm!

I am proud to say that Senator Scott represents my district. I voted for him and the opinions he expressed yesterday exactly echo my own.
You actually had to meet with 45 to explain to him that there are no "fine people" on the side of Nazis? Think about that.
How about you back #Berniecare because healthcare is a human right
What's in it for you? This is certainly not about the people of SC. We can't afford your votes! #impeachtrump
Thank U for trying 2 educate @POTUS but I don't think he has the capacity 2 understand racism in America & his role in emboldening racists
Trump, gaggling on AF1, goes back to "both sides" language, post Scott meeting: "we have some pretty bad dudes on the other side as well." 
Hope you let @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse  know you caught that "Tom" ish...don't sleep...payback
Tim u r the invisible man. Hiding won't save not being voted out. Back our president.
It's easy to blame a convenient villain, who's probably stupid enough to even take the credit, but the real casualty is the truth.
White Supremacists are irrelevant dinosaurs, but you can't infringe upon people's 1st Amendment rights just because you don't like them.
You are nothing but a photo opp to this @POTUS. Of all the senators & reps that have sold out, I expected better of you & @marcorubio
Sadly, selling out is Tom's specialty
He didn't care about what you had to say. #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump's admin couldn't even get your name right, "Tom". You were played
It's tragic that a young, promising life was squandered, yet no one has the balls to confront the truth. White Supremists are an easy target
ANTIFA and the virulent Left wipe their ass with our Bill of Rights, and despise what we stand for.
What are you babbling about?  Nearly the entire @GOP has zero love for America, they despise the Constitution, just like Trump supporters do
@SenatorTimScott, I like a lot of what you say, but the Charlottesville tragedy is 1000% the result of ANTIFA's violence! That's a fact.
@SenatorTimScott senatorTimcheck out my newly improve twitter page.
Check out Nuskin Global (@GlobalNuskin): https://twitter.com/GlobalNuskin?s=09 …
I hope remember to mention those that chanted "blood & soil" and "You will not replace us" that was inspired by trump
was a set up people on the ground did live stream blm and white antifa got off the same bus. terry and mayor and cops were part of it
to call us all racist. trump supporter all creed r family and we have been hurt too. even ben carson was called hitler by watters. it was a.
Trump supporter have been deeply hurt by the lie
 blm and antifa and sister of the conferate soldiers and good people all there. but want ..
Stay strong Senator I don't trust Trump but I'm glad you stood up & spoke out. The sight of Nazis marching in America should transcend party
I'm a lifelong Dem but also AA/Latina and I salute you for addressing the historical racism of America and Trump's Charlottesville comments.


@realDonaldTrump said 'both sides'
He was talking about violent white #AntiFa #AltLeft rioters not black people.

http://politi.co/2gvtp72 
I hope you found him 2b every bit a patriot & hard working compassionate American as us forgotten Trump voters believe him 2b never a racist
In ur district. Can't hide. Gone next cycle. Back our president.
You owe it to all African Americans to stand strong. Trump is a racist. No two ways about it. We did NOT mistake what we heard he meant it.
Amen! We heard Trump and we see his appointments #Gorka #Miller #Bannon #Sessions and the accolades from the likes of David Duke.
Trump says whatever he thinks people want to hear. He has no dignity or honesty. You just put your self on his level. Too bad he played you.
Right, who has to give a 70 year old man a racial history lesson? He's been racist 70 years and will die one. Tom I mean Tim is shameful
Sad that you let Trump use you as a pawn.
We all know what he said and that he is a racist bigot. You should be ashamed to be used that way.
I'd appreciate you showing some respect to the President. racism is on both sides...not just one
I don't need to know you was called Tom Scott.
The @WhiteHouse called U "TOM" Sc..sc...sc...ott B'wahahahaThe WH got it right, "brutha" (Inserted are GIANT QUOTATION marks rite there)
Black people kill more black people in 1 year than the kkk did in a 100 years!
Example Chicago!!
Where's the outrage?
So nice meeting with the white supremacist?
Oh, and the WH called Sen. Scott, Tom Scott.  WTH!  What an insult!
Unbelievable and particularly offensive coming from Trump with his long history of denigrating and discrimination
FACTS, Trump condemned 3 times, didnt see u on tv 3 different times sir, leave OUR pres alone, doyrjob, use tv for agenda we voted for, sad
I just spent 20 minutes looking for sen tom Scott. How did it go today, did you get the willies?
Lol, of coarse u b on tv talkn bout OUR PRES, u need go ontv and discuss health care, ccondemn the Dems for callin Rep/voters racists, ????
Record unemployment for blacks under BHO but UR concerned w the words a philanthropist used..hmm
Record number of whites unemployed under DJT and you worried about an Oreo Senator
How dare you lecture @realDonaldTrump about his SPOT-ON message regarding #Charlottesville? One more reason you need to be primaried. #MAGA
#MAGA
#MAGA https://twitter.com/ChattieCathie1/status/899120201261776896 …
Hope that you will disavow those that are seeking to divide our country through improper racial accusations. Huge opportunity for you 
Thank you RINO.

As if Hollywood, CBS, MSM, Kkk & Democrats were not attacking DJT enough, Ole Tim Scott had to pile on!!!
He's creatively bankrupt how else is he spoke to make a name for himself!
Why do you support lying little Donnie. He us not your friend Tom!
Hmm... Based on prior behavior I'm wondering if
1. Genuine interest and empathy from @realDonaldTrump or
2. Putting on #ConMan show, again?
I vote for #ConMan
Looks like alot of people voted for a #ConMan ;-)
I'm guessing Jim Jones would be jealous!
Don't watch main street media.

Your joke of a president is a compulsive liar..he is bad immagrant hombre,....and your selling out to it..shame..sad!!
We want to know-did he refer to you as "my African American" Senator? Or just Tom? Since he can't even be bothered to learn your damn name.
Sure thing, Tom
Your a BIG PHONY & so was your outrageous statement about Trump..it was ALL about your NEVER TRUMP BS! ANTIFA IS a HATE GROUP! He was RIGHT
My landlord made a decision to kick me and my roommate out of his apt to get higher rent.
I know I can't afford $2000mo rent so I'm sleeping in the subway station because I don't want to take your tax $$$by being on welfare
You're not Tom Scott
Stay true to yourself Senator.
He won't
Looking forward to hearing how that went.
This is what the flag means to black people
This is who supports Trump and the confederate flag

Truth hurt does it


This is what the confederate flag stands for
I hope you're not going to continue the travesty you started with the Confederate Flags. That was a complete failure on your part.
They want to get rid of Stone Mountain in Georgia I was stunned!
Good luck! 
