Buh-bye @RepMimiWalters too!
Maybe if South Carolina and @nikkihaley had accepted the Medicaid expansion, it would've worked and my diabetic wife would have insurance
I agree!  Medicaid expansion would have made ACA successful in SC.
Vote to repeal & replace Obamacare. GOP must stand with POTUS
You sound like a Hugo Chavez. 

Resign !
One thing that would make ppl feel better is if Congress has to live with the same laws for healthcare as us.
It's hard to describe what u look like Brother seating beside someone u know has knowledge of ANY Health care bill
Seated next to known racist who used U as a http://prop.How  can U look in mirror & respect what U see?
From 2010 to now, it shows that too many didn't care about addressing issues, but scoring political points.
Shame on you Tim Scott! What do you see you look in the mirror? You need to look again!
Try to get republicans to get govt out of healthcare!  Let's get back to competition and capitalism
All that time to plan and still a failure.
Yes it was. So disappointed with my party. They have absolutely been playing us with all these appeal bills ! Such cowards!!
Welcome to 2017 & the new reality..majority of ppl want to keep ACA but agree it needs changes...listen 2 the people & live in the present
Read this & get back to us.
no, gov has no buisness in health ins. only one fix get rid of gov health ins.
You are incredibly ignorant and misinformed on this topic
Agree personal attacks are uncalled for- Just do the job you say you are committed to. Right now you are simply a disappointment.
Can you remind the "Girls" that they need to be Republicans not Pink Hats!
Watched you just now sitting next to treasonous traitor @RealDonad_Trump. History will reflect kindly on you sir. I was born in SC.
#bootlicker
Lol, repealing the national debt
Full repeal. Problem solved
#RepealRestart
Your "yes" vote on the Senate Health Care bill says that you care NOTHING about your constituents. Can not wait to vote you OUT!
In power the GOP lacks intestinal fortitude.
Why the rhetoric? Lives are act stake and we're served lies du jour! What is wrong with you?
And none of you have done your jobs
GOP is dead to me! 7 years, 7 years wasted! All I hear from all of you is blah blah blah
take charge Tim, we know you can do it
Then why isn't it repealed?
Ineffective leadership... you all should take a minute and refocus. America is counting on you to make a difference...sadly.
Ok, so explain why the GOP is so ineffective, power of the purse, power to set the agenda, and worse... planned to repeal ACA for 8 years.
Well we have really progressed a lot in 7 years.
People were brainwashed then and know more now. You're going to have to make the rich pay tax and minimize defense spending to fix this
And yet you have done nothing. So I guess it's time to repeal and replace all of you!
Healthcare/Insurance is not a right...helping the widows, elderly, orphans..yes..not the able bodied who have 6 kids and do not work
(2) back to personal responsibility..and move away from gov womb to tomb..we will become another Venezuela;socialism will be death of USA
National debt is out of control!!! 20 tril and counting; why doesn't anyone in the WH,Congress/Senate..remind citizens that if we do not get
Need more like you
I mean, it's fine really.
So why did U not have 1 ready for Trump to sign? 

You had years 3 get it done..

And you didn't.

This is ridiculous
Which is why we are all so underwhelmed with GOP performance. Once again proving unable to move the ball down the field, but sure can talk!
Fix what we have that is insuring millions one of the main reasons ACA is having problems is GOP and Trump constantly talking crap about it
Making the exchanges nervous repealing will not save money or insure more Stand up for what's right you represent one of the sickest states
The buckle of the stroke belt you should see the young stroke victims I care for in Rehab working poor with no healthcare 40 50 60 yr old
Sometimes younger that will be disabled for the rest of their lives and more of a financial burden on society than if they would have had
Preventive care and meds to begin with you and your partners in DC make me sick  I can't believe how you've letdown the African American ppl
If you want to lower the national debt, you should look at countries that spend less than us, and which get better results, right? Logic?
So what are you gonna do about it? Lot of complaining yet nothing helpful. You won't even come talk to healthcare providers here in SC.
Then do something about it! Stop sitting on your hands and do what you said your were going g to do! Term limits need to happen NOW
Fresh ideas!
The Senate GOP is showing they are just as CORRUPT as those we had you replace. WE THE PEOPLE ARE NOT STUPID !!!
The REALLY sad part of this is that you NEVER shared with the voters where you stood until it was over. You are not a leader. SAD!
I disagree w all 20, but your comments are worth reading...policy not people...you must be from SC?
Please educate yourself about health care economics &what works & doesn't work in systems around the world (Like Australia) #RepairObamacare
Please educate yourself about basic economics.
<Thread>
How to thread your Tweets together:
1) Send a Tweet.
2) Click "Reply" on that Tweet.
3) Delete your @ username & send another Tweet
Thanks.
u came n wit the Racist ObamaHating TeaParty wave as a Token, What's ur view on the VRA & Trumps Voter Suppression tactics & WhiteSupremacy?
If u weren't a Sellout & a friend of the WhiteSupremacy Agenda that's keeping u n office, 4now, u would b on the side of PoorFolks not the..
Millionaires & Billionaires looking 4 their TaxCuts at the Expense of Poor/SickFolks. Fix the ACA is what the Majority 65% of Americans want
And it stilll should be!
No one in Congress on either side is doing right by Americans.  Shameful
Exactly! Thank you Senator Scott.  I  want your thoughts on this:  Before ACA the Health Ins Mkt wasn't in danger of collapse.  Now???
You have an opportunity to work on fixing the #ACA and do the right thing for millions of Americans; a public option with auto enrollment.
Stop trying to turn millions of Americans' health insurance into tax cuts for rich people. Also, learn to thread your tweets.
Have you seen how rich the insurance company CEOs got off Obamacare?
7 years working in this & still got nil. GOP should have had something ready to roll out but y'all suck at governing. Only good at talking.
You realize that once people saw  benefits of the #ACA they liked it.  Admit that you have heard the people.  Fix the problems don't kill it
So what happened?
And so far, y'all of been a miserable failure. Sad. Like you.
So do it already. Y'all have the power, so get on with it.
1. Exactly, you guys have had 7 years to define your platform and figure this out.
And here we are nearly 7 years later and no one in your party could come up with a workable option to the ACA? What a waste of time.
Just do it!
Oh my lort here we go...
