Either Senator is an idiot or he's deliberately lying to the American ppl-I read Ryan's tax "framework"& what SenScott just said is WRONG
This "plan" is ALL about giving breaks to the wealthy-but GOP keeps lying b/c they know most ppl don't understand taxes-TIME TO LEARN
&don't buy lie that giving corps huge tax breaks will result in more jobs or a pay raise-that's trickle-down economics&it's never worked.
I  need all the help I can get
LIAR!or got your head so far up trumps butt you cant think or think we are all stupid or need to get some KOCH money? WHich is it?
YES, FOCUS on middle class PLS! U will DROWN my fam of 6. Lose exemp, prop tax, mtg int, SALT & taxes will DOUBLE or TRIPLE! Cant afford it!
please explain  1$trillion cut to Medicare & Medicaid in the new budget! Is it for tax cuts?
Anyone believing that BS, after seeing the numbers, should call me. I have some swampland in the Sahara Desert to sell them.
Whoever receives a tax break is fine with me rich or not.  $  belong to the people. Liberals want to take & spend it all
You're a good egg. Thanks for going to bat for the little guy.
 U @SenatorTimScott 
If your goal is #KeepYoMoney, then why is this #TaxReform bill built to take OUR money and give handouts to the idle rich?
If it was built primarily to boost the fortunes of small business owners and the working- and middle-class, I'd be all for it.
PLEASE pass #taxreform designed to boost small business owners with 100 employees or less! Please do that!
But don't tell me you're supporting "small businesses" when 96% of this #taxreform just helps corporations run roughshod over them.
Too bad you are really helping your rich repub friends-
love that guy.
This is a lie. Everyone knows this is a lie. Why are government employees of the people allowed to get away with constant lying? I can't in
job.  If I were to deliberately lie and make false claims, I would, rightly, be fired. Why is it OK if you are a Senator?
#NotOnePenny

Most corps already paying < 20% w/record profits-where are the jobs?? Trickle down is a fantasy created by the greedy to fool the gullible
So is "redistribution of wealth" and "democratic socialism"
Please read this plan again. Does it really help middle class?
Not with this tax plan!  No Way!
The best way to help the middle class. Help by creating jobs with great incomes, benefits, health and housing opportunities create spending
Liar!
You're a liar Tim Scott. You're well aware the proposed tax "reform" only helps the rich. How much does the natGOP pay you to be a puppet?
Im sorry but are they trying to employ ebonics in an attempt to sell an absolute shit tax agenda? What. The. Fuck. GOP.
That's an outrageous lie
This Senator is lying to us SC! He needs to b voted OUT!
Voodoo economics.  

Kill US Revenues and race to Recession.

Resign.
Idiot
The fact that you are on Fox news says this is dishonest. If you really want to help American mid/lower income class then here's what you do: No TAX cut for the wealthy or corps no rescinding estate tax. Reinstate states and local tax deductions. Simple isn't it? Plenty of $$ now
#TrumpTaxReform only benefits the top 1% at the expense of the middle class families
Stop lying. Just admit that you've been bought but corporate America and have only their interest at heart.  #votehimout.
Liar
Thank You Senator.  Send this message to the Congressional Black Caucus.
Senator, you are a great man—keep going!!
In South Carolina because we pay taxes on every thing which is unconstitutional
I'll believe this when he lowers or even fights to lower taxes in South Carolina. Property tax must go. We will never own anything
If your worried about SC property tax. Property tax isn't the reason you can't afford to own a property.
The best solution is #FAIRtax

Lol. Always with Hillary when you can't defend trump. Did you know a committee approved the deal? Or the US still has the uranium on US soil
But @GOP is drastically cutting Medicare. How in the world does that help us keep our $$? #smokeandmirrors
Let's start by clearly defining what you mean by "middle class".
Middle Class: An animal rarely seen in the United States
Need to focus on the sick president or as Sen Corker said, we’re headed to war. See body bags in the picture. Leadership please.
I don't believe you. Tax reform as written will benefit the wealthy. Your constituents deserve better.
WE ARE NOT A NATION OF CLASSES!!!!  THAT IS A STALINISTIC TERM...STOP USING IT
@thehill @blackvoices @HuffPost @BuzzFeedNews @TwitterWomen @DailyCaller @WiscJobsNow We need more Leaders like this!
How does removing the estate tax help the middle class? It helps our ass-in-chief. Try again
Time to investigate Uranium scandal.
Your goal is focused on your benefactors the Koch Brothers and other billionaires so they will donate bigly to help yo keep yo job!
God Bless you Sen. Scott
Read the outline of his bill to help yo keep more of yo money Charlene. You betta be plenty rich!
Liar
letting Americans keep their more of Their money is not helping us, it's not hurting as much
Lyyyyyying

You mean tax cut for the rich. Words matter
By rich, do you mean football players?

