"5 health insurance companies once sold Obamacare policies in South Carolina. Now there’s just 1." @postandcourier 
http://www.postandcourier.com/news/five-health-insurance-companies-once-sold-obamacare-policies-in-south/article_15e4807c-3405-11e7-afce-77050428d317.html … 
How do you feel now confirming Jeff Sessions?  You know deep down inside that the ACA is better than AHCA. That's between you and God.
where were you when SC refused to enroll in the Medicaid expansion- start looking out for your voters or you will be looking for a new job
No, senator foundation of US democracy is broken w/ @realDonaldTrump in office. When will u call 4 a #SpecialProsecutor?
Use your voice with R. Paul and get gov OUT of healthcare. Fix Medicare and Medicaid That's it. Ask a vet if single payer IE the VA works,
Your potus and representatives are broken- fix that first before you take away majority healthcare
Exactly!  Please repeal and replace!
Republicans have done everything possible to kill it. Insurance company greed hasn't helped. Trumpcare will KILL PEOPLE
tRump stooge parrots tweets
.@SenatorTimScott There is a crisis at hand, sir! How can we fix healthcare when our the POTUS is either incompetent or a liar.
I am struggling with this. All thats going on with this WH and you continue to beat the Obamacare is broken drum?  Fix it & Pay attention.
And what are you doing about it?? It would help to try to fix it rather than citing repub talking points- no concern for those who need it!!
If y'all actually threw support to the bill and fixed problems instead of actively working to destroy it, maybe we'd be in a different spot
Ever get the feeling that another term for you may not be in your future?
your poor constituents will loose coverage and get all thier medical care thru the ER and die sicker and sooner than they should
If the GOP hadn't given cover to corporate cronies it could have worked... fix it without screwing your constituents. Or are u bought too?
Cannot believe you are falling for this foolishness, even more that you support a party that from the start wanted the ACA to fail
It works in other states where Medicare was expanded.  The state makes the situation too difficult for insurance companies. SC is the reason
the African American population in rural SC will take the worst hit! you are a party line player hurting your community
#repelandreplaceobamacare now!!!
Senator I think your statement is an indictment on the Senate, you were elected to fix it however you don't so that you can say I told U so
With only one insurer, this appears to constitute a monopoly in SC.  We need Obamacare gone so we can once again have choices.
Because the governor did not accept federal funds. Please be honest
Mr. Scott, please be responsible enough to attribute all the causes of the status quo
Thanks for your focus on this problem, I look forward to you and the rest of the Senate completing the fix
so why tweak a dead horse?  Shoot it and go back to market solutions and state control (per Constitution). Simple REPEAL!
Time for #SinglePayer #insurancerobbery immoral!
have you stopped and asked why ? Maybe bec you don't provide the incentive for them to stay.
Then go after the insurance company is not the ACA
Obamacare is not nearly as devastating to your constituents as the trump planned disaster. The hospitals will take terrible hits.
Let's talk about which system insured more people... AND... why Republican Senators reduced the # of HIC's by eliminating Risk Corridor Adjs
Sir, you started in the insurance business so what's your solution? Or are you waiting for a white guy to sign a solution you believe in?
Thank you Sir for all you do. You are a good Senator.
This country is broken. You support an incompetent madman in oval.
Unlike our Rep. Care!  Oh, that right we have NO Tep care!! Spend your time more productive!!
U
Doomed to fail from the beginning.
Deunlike
Perhaps if you had the decency to think about the people instead of your own political future you would have worked to repair!
@SenateGOP @postandcourier Waiting on your better idea.
Trumpcare is hazardous to my health as is his presidency. Single payer like medicare. Quit being a shill and start being a leader.
Congratulations!
Replace it now.
it's not an Obamacare problem, it's an insurance company problem. This is why we need single payer
Senator your an honorable man but you are aiding and abetting the Republican sabotage of a healthcare system designed to Bless all Americans
The GOP broke it!
Tone-deaf deflections like this are terrifying insights into Congressional priorities, esp. given history of obstruction.
Well you haven't done much to help that now have you Tim
We're all done with the blame game and lack of action. You're a lousy Senator who was purchased by @BetsyDeVos - you do so little for us.
You never even lifted a finger to support it and now you complain it's broken???  We aren't that stupid in SC.  Try again Senator.
Because republicans have been strangling the life out of it.
The integrity of your party is broken. Your silence is support of treason.
Duh! What's the hold up in repeal &replace? so aggravated republicans not fully committed to getting the agenda executed. False pretense.
Just stop. You are so party over country and certainly over your constituants. We are one of the poorest states. ACHA will devastate SC.
The foundation of our government is broken, and you're one of the biggest problems with the senate right now. #voteout #SCTweets
Why?   Isn't that the bigger question?   What's the solution?   Perhaps a single payer system like the first work countries do?
Because they couldn't make the billions in profits they wanted off of the people of SC. We need single payer healthcare for all!!!
Don't care.  What are you doing to help remove trump from office?  Stop whatever your doing and focus on nothing else.  Remove the traitor!
If only your rubber stamp was broken and you would stop putting party over people...
You should fix it then.
Only because your party has sabotaged ACA at every turn. We know the truth, Senator. Elections are coming. We're waiting.
Single payer.  If we have the greatest military we should have the greatest healthcare, too.
Lack of expected fed govt support given as one reason why. That is GOP did it's best to (successfully) undermine & break ACA
The foundation of your credibility is broken supporting a pathological liar and bigoted Presidential Thug #trump
Where's YOUR solution, big guy? Easy to stand there & point at problems. Unless you've got something better to offer, you've got work to do.
