Though I live in Wyoming, I find you to be a fine Senator. Thank you for all you do to help kids & country.
keep your tweets in Wyoming then, you goofball. Sen. Scott is a sellout.
you act like SC is a self sustaining farming state.. it's not. The EPA is killing the average farmer
Prove it, goober.
Name calling doesn't help anyone's cause.
I lived on a farm for the first 18 years of my life. Doesn't make the EPA nom any less moronic.
I don't know the man. I have read that he sues the EPA alot for overreaching.
The EPA has over reached for a VERY long time. It is fine to have regs, not hippie dippie cost regs
in case any of you libtards are interested trees are our most renewable resource
He is already allowing coal companies to dump their waste in streams
and fracking has not been proven to cause earthquakes by anybody but the same idiots that claim there is global warming!
I hope you're right, but I am greatly concerned
.@SenatorTimScott make sure he knows that "drain the swamp" is a metaphor. i like the everglades!
Yeah, right. That wolf will not make it safer for the sheep, only for the other wolves in the pack.
; that the temperature dropped 3 full degrees in the last quarter of the year!
Devos... Sessions & now this? Do you not understand if we don't have a environmental protection NONE of this matters?
Here, Here Tim!! Thanks for your support for conservative values and doing what's right for our country!
Thanks Tim, at least we have one of our Senators that we can trust to do the right thing.
I don't know anyone in SC who doesn't respect or like you. We voted for you all the way. So proud of you!
2018
: and they tell you that this was the hottest year on record, but they neglect to tell you,
bet your job on your endorsement.  As a matter of fact #DoYourJob and stop selling out your constituents.
Shame on you. You're outta here.
do you see all the comments Mr. Scott? It's so very sad to watch our representatives sell their souls to please a tyrant.
Sen Scott, you ran from today's rally in MP and continue to fail in your voting against the interests of our America
So, you are also a climate change denier? Good to know. I will NOT vote for you again.
You rock, buddy!!
Minorities suffer the most from pollution. Shame on you.
in this administration where corporate money is valued over all, only regulations can protect our air, land, & water.
we love u, donald, and pruitt!
, why? Regulation protect people.
please supply evidence of this overregulation talking point based on scientific fact, not political hyperbole.
just remember...“But man is a part of nature, and his war against nature is inevitably a war against himself.”
Pruitt was never on the side of American people he's a profit man who's agenda is to clear obstacles away for corporations
every protection we had in place 4 our air quality is wiped away when they create obstacles for corporations u protect them
what parts of the over regulation were blocking corporations from profits? When has corporation interests been 4 families?
You have failed the American people.
A man who doesn't care for our environment or believe in climate change should NOT be in charge of protecting our home!
but I like clean drinking water!
you've betrayed this beautiful country.  Future fouled rivers are on your head.
many farmers across the nation thank you Tim
please continue to be the voice of reason-thank you
Prvs Admin had BA Social Anthropology MS in Environmental Health Engineering and Planning/Policy. Pruitt has PolySci and JD
how generous of you after shafting Puzder
this doesn't help SC or US families
Thank you!!!
If you're so proud of this vote, come meet your constituents face to face at a town hall. We have a few words for you.
Shame on you. The EPA deserves better leadership and so does our country. #SellOut
Didn't his record as AG say the opposite?  he is 0-7 in cases vs  EPA  Im against overregulation but none is bad
no he won't they will shut it down, Bannon plan that and education also gone. They are Blowing up our cores and basics 
you did it again. You don't listen. You had a teacher get 4K signatures for town hall the other side of state you ignored
You are nuts. RESIGN
way to go Tim!!  Keep it up!
you think Pruitt will have to start suing himself now?
Thanks Senator
thanks for nothing as usual. Pathetic.
big mistake! Pruitt will be a disaster for environment. How can you support these awful nominees?
Senator do you read any of these tweets? The vast majority are against your vote but it seems you don't care.
My wife @CathyCathy008 and I will make it our mission to see that you don't get elected again sir. Shame on you!!!!
@SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi Ordinary citizens forced to resign,no rehire status if suit employers.
Yeah he did so much for Oklahoma where he promoted fracking so heavily that OK has over a 1000 earthquakes this year
you are so ironic
What about those emails the courts ordered #scottpruitt to turn over? Why didn't you want to see them before you voted?
It probably has something to do with money. That's what public office is all about now, money.
Every NSF on the planet, plus NASA & Pentagon, says that you just voted for genocide.
Why do you continually put party before country? So disappointing.
Cmon Senator. Enjoy those SC wetlands. With Pruitt they won't be there for your grandchildren. #NoLeadership #Money>Earth
Goodbye EPA hope you get what you deserve, Closed Down.
Rock On!!  #MAGA
ashamed and frustrated don't even begin to describe my reaction to your vote
Are your serious? You put party before the American people. We (and the rest of the world) are all doomed. #Resist
Awesome. #MAGA 
Of course you did
Enjoy your last term. Seriously? What is wrong with you?
Poisoning our grandchildren, eh? What do you do for an encore, child molesting?
very disappointed in your vote for Mr Pruitt. Most of us here in your state of SC care about our air and water
You disappoint me again. As a SC constituent I'm AGAINST Pruitt. I'll wave at you across SMOG filled skies next I'm in CHS.
Thank you Senator Scott
I respect your right to vote as you feel but I respectfully disagree with your decision to support Mr. Pruitt. #notsmart
I'm very disappointed that you voted to confirm someone who denies climate change, sued the EPA, and hid his emails.
29611 voter. Which specific EPA policies/regulations do you feel are overreaching?
This excellent and specific debate is on that topic
TY
Our planet does not thank you.
Very sorry to hear about this irresponsible decision.
this guy destroyed the state EPA in Ok He will decide his own lawsuit against the EPA. I wonder who wins that 1 U failed us
I hope you are right. I fear you are not. EPA = key in correcting econ market failures in capitalist system. Do it right!
you are an embarrassment to our state! What a sellout!'
thx for that. now let the environmental depredations begin.
You just voted for someone who will destroy our environment.  Wow.  Your constituents will remember.  And remember WE VOTE.
way to move it forward!  We are behind all of you just tell us what you need! 
Thank YOU Senator Scott!
to bad Trump is trying to make a kingdom of our Country, Watch him GOOD!
hey Tim move up to New York and replace "lightweight Schumer!!!!!"Hahahahaha!!
God bless you brother
You should resign immediately what a shame and embarrassment you are
Did you review ANY of his history as AG of Oklahoma?  Shame on you.
Mr Scott is awesome!
sad. I'm down for less regulations to help businesses, but if you don't believe in science you should not head the EPA.
.  Don't you want to keep our beautiful state with clean air & water
you can't say it's putting the environment at the forefront, it's gonna cut regs specifically to protect the environment. 
I'm a dem who voted for you twice.  Then you voted in DeVos and Pruitt, you've lost any future votes from me. #selloutscott
He's the proverbial fox in the henhouse. I am disappointed in your short sighted vision for the next generation.
Thank you Senator Scott!
Thank you sir! Appreciate you!
shame on you!!!
SC relies on tourism. How could you vote for someone who will help in the destruction of our beautiful state.
That's the best thing we have here in SC! Aside from some newly #woke folks in #TheResistance
you really are trying to get yourself voted out, aren't you? Keep going down this road and you'll be out of DC real soon.
@postandcourier you gonna get voted out next round. Bye
Tragic mistake. Profit above all. This is a moral issue. Your stance is clear. Lord, have mercy.
thank you for supporting Pruitt.  A vote for the rule of law.
THAT STATEMENT IS ABSOLUTELY FALSE POLLUTING WATER AND AIR HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE RULE OF LAW MORON!
You, sir, are man of fine character.  We could use 99 more like you.
Good call, Senator. We need to exert control over the regulatory "deep state." Remove the burden from job creators.
needs a translation: "end this era of overregulation" = keep corporate interests & demolition of the EPA at forefront. SAD!
I think Pruitt is one of the better choices
Thanks
Thank you for supporting smaller government #MAGA
. Fossil fuels are killing us, Get it ? The facts are overwhelming. Your willful ignorance is obvious and pathetic
- good work. The hysterics on the left lose again, while the people win. #draintheswamp
@POTUS at 38% approval when will TS jump or will he go down with the Titantic not representing the lowcountry
WOW how many @OFA folks are bashing you. Obamas Rats are still in the House. Stay strong We Got Your 6!!!
Deep shame on you....
Thank you for standing with  We The People. Keep the Senate Strong for USA.
Voting for you was the biggest mistake I've made in my voting life. 25 years! You are bought and don't listen to us.
shouldn't you be championing a sustainable green economy something for the future not to line the pockets of Corp America ?
Notice how most pro-Pruitt posts are from fake accounts? How much do those cost you Tim? You sold us all out.
@postandcourier Surprise surprise. Another gutless, sellout vote from Tim Scott that we will all pay for.
See all these comments? Do you hear our phone calls? We don't want pollution. You could care less about us. All about $$$
Party before common sense and environment. Nice work.
Do you have any concept of doing the right thing? Or are you just bought and paid for? You should be embarrassed.
Anyther lousy decision by you and Repubs. Thanks for killing our children's future, clown.
thank yoh for poisoning our children. No reallly we won't be primarying you...
If trees could move and talk, they would protest the GOP.
no surprise here

Shameful.
Thank you Senator Scott for always standing behind the courage of your convictions.
I hear there is an opening for race relations coordinator in the WH...you gonna vote for the Klansman that @POTUS puts up?
you know someone will because they won't have healthcare anymore....#RepealAndReplace #stupid
When the residents of N. Chas start reporting higher than average cases of asthma in their kids will you pay the bills?
When the Reedy River is poisoned again by runoff from illegal mining will you come drink some to prove it is OK?
Obviously you care NOTHING about our environment. Just another example of big oil money in politics. #smh #sellout #resist
Despite this constituent's request to the contrary. He favors big oil over the well being of our planet. #wrongsideofvote
I send letters and call, but I'm pretty sure he doesn't listen to his constituents.
Anti-environment stance will come back to bite the short-sighted, hypocritical GOP, tho the collateral damage will be worse
Thank you!
SAME ON YOU! Pruitt WILL NOT protect the environment & U know it. PATHETIC @GOP green lighting incompetency!  #WillRemember
when the waste from the pig farms breaks through the deficient dams and floods the rivers and lakes will you clean it up?
Where do you draw the line between the now and the future?
Coal is an industry that will not survive despite regulations.
@Cfuakins2 @SenatorTimScott all he did here was pollute streams, now he and family will be sick, still unemployed, no healthcare!
So when the EPA is shut down by #scottpruitt will your office be the one we need to report pollution poisoning our water?
i personally like charleston a lot better when it's not under several feet of seawater
You're corrupt and don't represent SC! Shame on you! #truth This is another example of you picking profits over people!
well placed vote and trust.
very disappointing !
You are an enemy of this planet, Scott, if you support this climate change denier. #impeachtrump #gophypocrisy #resist
SHAME on you ! #PruittVote
is bought and paid for by special interest groups! #corruption he does not represent SC! @postandcourier
Thanks for putting big business BEFORE the health of your constituents #shameonyou
You've lost my vote.
They don't care! Who u gonna vote for? We must recruit, fund and VOTE for VOTER owned candidates.
Thank you Senator Scott.I appreciate the work you are doing in Washington to help the American people. #MAGA
I hope you're right. That's my field (environment).
note to self we can blame you when we forget what "America the Beautiful" means. Shortsighted!  Terrible vote!
So you're bragging about voting for the same man who took an adversarial stance against the EPA? Okay.
coward
And another $1000 goes to campaign against you. Gutless Senator.
I hope you enjoy earthquakes caused by fracking & poor air, because that's what you voted for.
Good to hear Senator.  Thank you for your good work for America.
Shame on you!
I think that's probably impossible given that he denies climate change.
Thank you for putting the American worker first
SHAME!!
Only thing Pruitt is interested in is unsustainable profiteering. Be honest, you don't care about citizens OR environment!
do you hold a title or rank in the KKK? Are you an independent racist?
Do you think you can hold a town hall in the Upstate soon? Would love to get a few minutes to explain how your vote sucks
thanks for voting for another corrupt administrator. Someday you need to represent your constituents.
