Gutless lying GOP = GREED OVER PEOPLE. None of you will stand up to the Emporer-in-Chief except Corker and McCain.
God willing you will be GONE in 2020! All of you!
It sure is...read about it!
During 1950s -60s-70s the economy and incomes GREW SIGNIFICANTLY for AVERAGE Americans - the TOP federal income TAX RATE was 70%.  #facts #history
Hey Congressman, bet you are really happy supporting Trumpy. GOP is a JOKE! Fortunately no R has a conscience. Fairer Tax plan? GOP=JOKE.
#StopYoLies NO to #TrumpTaxScam 
Tax cuts for the wealthy are not tax reform. #TrumpTaxScam significantly increases deficit.
Yea that inheritance tax being removed for people of more than 11 million will really help.
I always worked hard & paid my taxes.This country allowed me to retire at 58 & raise a beautiful family.Patriots pay taxes.
You better vocally support @realDonaldTrump and denounce swamp dweller @SenBobCorker or I'll join many others like @SteveBannen against GOP!
I’m having trouble believing this.
When will you have the courage to stand up to Trump! He is unstable and not prepared to govern our great nation. Vote to impeach  him now!
When you are making minimum wage, that might amount to $10 a paycheck. No way that helps "single mothers". I call bullshit.
And make sure these fathers pay for the children they bring into the world!!!
Dems want single parents poor because they can control them with fear. Break the chains! Stop the emotional control Obama created!

Single moms won't see more money. It will be spent on birth control thanks to GOP politics! #HandsOffMyBC
Opinion | Trickle-down economics is a nightmare. Kansas proved it.
Really? of the world? More talk. Still no action.
What a line of crap
Does the @GOP have a conscience at all any more? Now the party of rich White self preservation. Sad.
Rip off
By taking away their right to birth control

But no birth control.
During 1950s -60s-70s the economy and incomes GREW SIGNIFICANTLY for AVERAGE Americans - the TOP federal income TAX RATE was 70%.  #facts #History
Stop the #TaxReform marketing, publish the actual proposal instead of your framecrap, and 31 days of lies. Marketing, nothing else.All fired
NOPE. Plan is just another Give AWAY to the rich. Single Ms will NOT benefit.Not a SHRED of EVIDENCE. STOP TRYING TO HURT THE MIDDLE CLASS

Corrupt Faciest GOP kleptocracy in action
Corrupt Faciest GOP kleptocracy in action
so, that means you will entirely re-write your bill with Democratic input?







You were talking about crumbs that fall from the table of the wealthy. The tax plan is an unconscionable giveaway to the 1% @RepTomGarrett
We're living with the malpractice of the last tax plan. 30+ yrs slow salary growth, no pension plan, a recession, etc. & #TheRichProsper
#ZeroTax30K
Another pinnochio
I wish there was a on Twitter...
"Single rich mothers..." There, corrected it for you. You're welcome.
Are you actually pretending to give a DAMN about single moms? How about access to birth control? You aren’t fooling anyone anymore. #shame
Really? You sure haven't shown much interest in the needs of single mothers so far!
Tim Scott = race traitor
GOP tax reform is about tax breaks for millionaires and gutting Medicaid. You suck #RepubliKlans CONservatives
Single mothers of the world? Really don't you mean the US. Stop lying! No one,believes you Timmy!
$600 to $1000 in a year or 11.50 to 19.20 a week. How does this help?


The loss of head of household status gives a single mother a tax hike. Taking away her exemptions raises her taxes even more.
Maybe if our politicians hadn't spent 3 BILLION dollars on campaigns the last 6 years?  Why don't we address that?  Tim.
Single mothers? You've got to be kidding me! The last damn thing that the @GOP cares about is single women raising children!

Bullshit!
How much more will you guys get?
Stop telling LIES
Moms handle the budget. They also know when you lie to them.
Also... I hope that you are doing GREAT, belated Happy Birthday!
Uhm....what about Senior Citizens? What about the elderly that have no one?
I would love to show you my gross and net for last year as a sample. Tax reform PLEASE! This single mother would appreciate it IMMENSELY!
You can't spell trickle down without TRICK.
I know where you can sell that line of BS. Your closed door sessions of all your buddies, we aren't buying. Graham/Cassidy revealed agenda.
10.00/hr doesn't cut it!!  Add 1 child and you can't put a roof over their head, food on the table or give them the tools they need
And Congress and their buddies get 97% of the cut in taxes under that bill.  Nice that working mothers can share rest with all others
Cut their benefits and tax cuts won't be enough.  Rich people need to pay more taxes. Give up the extra yacht.
It would also help if the one who has to pay child support were mad to!
Oh, and the repeal of the estate tax is for the farmers...all 80 it will impact.
The single billionaire mothers.
Lies
Lies all you guys want to do is give money to the wealthy
Unfortunately the gop tax reform is NOT GOOD FOR SINGLE MOMS OR ANY MIDDLE CLASS CITIZEN.
Yes, and with that extra money in their paycheck they can pay for the healthcare that your party tries to strip from them.Sad
What about everyone else?
Riiiggghhht! Very rich single mothers!
Well you are forcing them to have a baby whether they can afford to or not. Unless of course they are having an affair with a senator.
Also making sure you & kids won't have healthcare/CHIP, Choice, birth control, equal pay, environ. protections, or  sane gun restrictions.
What a lying POS
With less tax revenue will we get shittier public services too?  You guys are the worst condo association ever.  Handouts for the rich...
Then why are you trickling on them?
The @SenateGOP is about fucking over anyone not republican and rich and white !
So that $35 dollars a month is gonna make life so much better for the middle class?
NOT!!  The poor will pay 2% more and middle class 5% more...your cuts are only for the rich (your donors). 
You people are ruthless!!
LIARS
Can we also do something about gun violence? All mothers will appreciate that
Actually Trump’s plan will increase our taxes
Riiiiiiight. 
How much more will a working mom earning $45000 get in her paycheck?
Talk is cheap, “EARN YOUR MONEY AND DO WHAT WE SENT ALL OF YOU THERE TO DO,”November is right around the corner SemperFi!!
This plan so far with the little details offered, will not help them.  The only ones who will benefit are the top 1%.
Is that what that was? A budget for single moms? Did I miss equal pay for equal work, affordable daycare or living wage?  Or did you?
Based on @RandPaul, #TaxReform is about skrewing the vast (but shrinking) Middle to provide alms for the poor, BigCheddar for Rich.
So you fruit loops think taxing the rich will put more money in yo wallet?
they already pay over 70% of the income taxes in this country.
I'm self employed and make decent money, I'm no millionaire, but happy, I don't bitch and complain about the rich, theirs nothing in this..
country keeping one from being successful, the sky is the limit and its up to ones self if they want more, just that simple.
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha. We KNOW this isn’t true; why would you post this? Lowest bracket goes UP. Admin spox admitted he can’t guarantee that mid class won’t go up. We’re not morons, you know.
Those mothers also deserve health care so stop trying to cut it
No. It's not. It's about protecting wealth and inherited wealth at the expense of Medicaid, Medicare, children and Healthcare.
This is not a socialist country!
But you like/use library, soc sec, schools & parks, police, FD & PO & military, right?
https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2012/3/29/1078852/ …
why don't you concern yourselves with all mothers and the safety of their children? the healthcare of their children?
GOP concern about single moms having more $ in their paycheck, they sabotage #ACA, not renewing #CHIP so her healthcare costs will climb.
So they should be okay with scraps from the table (1-1.5% more take home) when >$750k fams will see 8.5% increase?
Single moms, oh, and, uh, hedge fund managers.  BTW, US tax reform will probably only affect single moms of the US, not the world.
Ooo good. I like money. #believeitwheniseeit
Easy tax reform: 1. Don't eliminate deductions, 2. cut rates & eliminate AMT for everyone making below 1 Million/yr. Too bad it won't happen
Great - lets give single moms another $400 in tax relief while we give the wealthy $129,000 - that sounds fair - not a penny for the rich
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
BULLSHIT! Quit LYING to the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Amazing hypocrisy coming from the party that has worked for 8 yrs to take away health care. GOP owned by big money & cares 0 for 99%.
Tim Scott is one of my favorite senators. Let's get tax reform done!
And we appreciate that...A WHOLE LOT 
It is about the 1% seeing more $. We get to worry about cuts to medicare, medicaid, social programs, education, environmental safet, etc
How can you stand before hard working Americans and lie trickle down always trickles to the wealthy
WEALTHY single mothers!!! This plan DOES NOT HELP THE POOR!!!!!!
STOP PRETENDING that this helps anyone but the wealthiest!!! 80% goes to cuts for wealthiest & U R LYING TO PUBLIC!!!!
Tax reform should be about being sure peoples' tax $ are used for their well being. GOP fails in that. War spending trumps people.
More #keepyomoney propaganda... how you people sleep at night is beyond me...
All tax paying American citizens deserve to keep more of what they earn! No class or demographic warfare!
More in whose?
How many single moms are there in the 1%?
Your tax plan only benefits single mothers who fall in the top 1%
Stop believing your constituents are too stupid to fact check.
Oh please, I am a single middle class mom in Texas and losing the property tax and sales tax deduction will cause me to pay more taxes. LIES
The republican party is not the champion of women. http://firewalleconomics.com/my-book-firewall-economics-political-literacy-for-democrats/ …
Look at the historical record. The GOP can not change history. http://firewalleconomics.com/what-the-democrats-have-done-for-us/ …
People aren't looking for you to solve anything your not capable of doing anything
But they don't need health insurance
Bull shit! Were not stupid!
And families too— mom, dad, children???
Seems all Senators, trying to sell this garbage legislation, are taking hallucinogenic drugs in high volume.
what about single fathers? Just ones you think will get you more votes huh? This is why you are not pushing for illegals to get out @foxnews
The Senate is the worst CROOKED swamp of the government, always fighting what the PEOPLE VOTED FOR. SEE YOU IN ELECTIONS SOON.
Yeah, we wouldn't want those mother's to have to pay estate taxes... #sarcasm #bullshit
No it isn't, but if you want to make #America better you might start listening to her #Citizens; fix an #Erratic #POTUS & #Random #Autofire!
 nope! Tax cuts for billionaires
Seriously? What language in this bill even suggests this? It's about increasing the deficit so you can cut programs for those single moms.
Not very helpful
AND FOR THE 1% TO GET VERY RICH
#YOTAXSCAM
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan if y'all don't get it right at this moment in time, you will NEVER get it right. Lower corp tax rate too! 𝐃𝐎 𝐈𝐓!
#TaxCuts don't give single-anyone more of their paycheck but #raisingtheminimumwage would if you're concerned about it
you don't get it Emily. Raising the min wage will increase the costs of goods.  Ask the Australians how much things costs there.
I get how *American* econ works, the difference is we don't shame companies into not giving 90% of their profits to .02% of their employees.
That's $6 hour tax free. How generous. 
Nice try Stephen
That's a great BIG lie!  It is about giving a huge tax break to rich GOP donors at the expense of everyone else.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN I BELIEVE IN YOU GUYS YOU CAN DO IT!
#TaxReform is about making sure the rich get richer, poor get poorer, and the deficit / debt grow ever larger. 

https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-budget/proposed-senate-budget-is-likely-to-leave-millions-of-americans-worse-off …
If we all save money we can all get rich
As Dandy Don said, "If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we’d all have a merry Christmas."
Unfortunately, that paycheck won't cover the things they need like affordable housing or healthcare, cuz #GOP doesn't support equal pay.
Increase the minimum wage stupids.
And Dan dear, you will see the costs of goods and a 12 pk of beer rise to $20 a pack. Guaranteed.  If you don't get it, you don't get it.
Single mothers who make more than $500,000 a year, you mean.
omg....that is such a lie.  Moms know better.
