If it weren't for double standards, liberals wouldn't have standards at all.
Zing!
I'm confused. Why were YOU NOT as equally outraged with the comment from @SenSasse about working in the fields? I call that a hypocrite!
Sassy was equally as wrong to even bring that comment to the table, which is just as offensive, & it is sad you can't even see that part!
I served this great Nation for many years & to STILL hear Work In The Fields is pathetic as we all know what that refers to. DO you? WakeUP!
Know who truly has racial tendencies. Ignorance & political gain has become the front runners. You are pathetic if you do not call out both.
If you are outrage as a black man, than be outraged about ALL comments that offends the black race. Be a black man not a kissing politician!
Shame on Maher for two things: 1. use of that term; 2. giving GOP Trump lapdogs another shiny object to divert from real issues.
Libtwits can get away with verbal things Conservatives would be excoriated for.
Like calling for a Democrat mayor to be lynched or telling a Democrat president to "suck on my machine gun" Spare us your faux #AltRightrage
Smoking will give you lung cancer.
Your silly slights, irrelevant comebacks & inability to provide counter-arguments just support research that Conservatives arent too smart.
My irrelevant comeback was my way of saying you're not worth arguing with. Bye-bye.
It was better to just let me think you were a simpleton, than to confirm it with that response.
Pot meet kettle. Where was your condemnation of the sewage that comes out of Trump's mouth?
You wouldn't know. Dems don't allow you to read or view non-Govco approved media.
I watch and read a great many things. No one makes my decisions.
What he said was highly offensive. However I don't recall you ever speaking out about any of the numerous offensive remarks from Trump
Pls share at least one of those times that Trump was offensive.
You're not serious??
Mic. Dropped.
In fact, astounding any @GOP or South Carolina politician would be so tone deaf as to venture into that metaphor.
like you are above it.
#kathygriffin and #maher should marry. They're made for each other. #karma twin powers actovate form of a racist terrorist
Senator we as black people have much bigger things to worry about. how about focusing on those other than a comedian remark
You should... You and the GOP held Obama To a standard that you haven't come close to for POTUS. No shame Tim hard st work...
Lol. wikileaks Podesta asks should we hold emails between Obama & Hillary? (From subpoena)

"F" for lack of effort.
I have not seen a single liberal defending his bs. Where is the double standard? What exactly do you want us to do?
Maher still has his job. That's the double standard.
I'll be sure to fire him as soon as I'm hired as an hbo executive
Oh please! Would u do that if u were in the shoes? Maher is one the most intelligent and progressive voices we have! So he slipped!
It's funny how the amount of backlash or who does the backlash seems to now be a determination on how wrong something is. #WrongIsWrong
you were silent on everything else up until this? Was a fan after your historic win. Now I'm embarrassed.
Maybe you missed his speech on the Senate floor addressing the police shootings, his adoption legislation, body cam, 46 county tour...
I saw the police shooting speech, but he is a member of a party that clearly does not care and is very guilty of double standards itself.
No double standards, just a single standard! Context is important and we know Bill was using it to make fun of people like your constituents
What does that mean, "people like [his] constituents"?
The double standards where liberals lambasted Maher for what he said? And called for his firing? What are you talking about?
I'm a liberal and I'm CERTAINLY NOT calling for his firing! We liberals have a bad habit, we eat our own!
I hope @icecube reconsiders his scheduled Friday appearance on @HBO. Bad to provide a platform for #maher to justify his disgusting racism.
Lets see if double standards are evident when  Winner is prosecuted- Should trump be tried for divulging claaified info as well?
Real issue # 1: are you ever going to explain your letter about the Paris agreement? Are you ever going to meet with your constituents?
Similar smell would be Ted Nugent's calling 4 Obama's death & Kathy Griffin's stunt about Trump. Difference: Nugent  gets invited to WH.
Like  when bigot #nugent says killing Obama was a metaphor? #hypocrisy GOP are Murderers !!!
Tim Scott flawless victory.
Given your party, you're more than used to the double standard on a number of levels. We can begin with the head of your party.
Senator, maybe u don't watch Maher, but he is the biggest defender of your people ever,CONTEXT matters, n while u poor taste it was a joke.
Tim Scott, twitter ninja
Heh, @SenatorTimScott should add that to his resume!  "Twitter Ninja!"
Yep that would be you
Love it Mr. Scott!
Well SAID Senator Scott. 
Sasse should have stood up, dumped the mic, and headed for the door.
Love it when people criticize people for not criticizing other people when the person being criticized said he's a house n***er
TELL TRUMP/IVANKA TO STOP OUTSOURCING THEIR PRODUCTS: HYPOCRITES. BRING BACK THOSE JOBS TO USA. TALK ABOUT *DOUBLE STANDARD* #MAGA
I guess now that you get to play your race card its ok to come out and condemn someone for their horrible remarks...
We should trust the D's. With double standards they have twice as many as the rest of us.
It's a quote from Gone With The Wind. It's sad that more people don't know that! It's even MORE sad that our Congresspersons don't know that
Libs are getting caught in the political correctness web they only intended for the Right.
Takes one to know one...
When you stand up for USA against destructive POTUS, you get a place at the discussion table.  Maher wrong! What are you doing to protect us
What a joke u r --the ? is -were you not offended by your pres grab p**** remarks or did it not matter bec it was addressed at females?
Couldn't agree more. Time for you and your colleagues to put Russia aside and start passing the agenda you were sent to do
Nowhere else in the country have I heard the n-word more than in S Carolina. Maybe one should be tackling slurs within their state too.

And where's you're indignation over the death threats to Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor, Tim?
To the best of my knowledge,  no one is calling for a boycott of HBO. May be wrong.
That will come if they fire Maher!
Never a statement on the two home grown SC terrorists that we're white supremacists either. Just what your GOP handlers tell you to do.
Where's your comment on the nooses in the Washington museum, Tim? Oh, yeah, you don't want to take on white supremacy.
You mean like selling out the poor minorities in our state to your big time donors?
Cheap target. Am a constituent way more interested in our improving healthcare, the US leading in green energy. & drop kicking  influence.
Isn't it both sickening & telling that as soon as @BenSasse talked about working in a field, #Maher immediately went to #racist stereotype?
LMAO. Practice what you preach. Oh how you forget and live the double standard all the time. Another useless politician.
Sen Scott you are a fav! Thanks!
This from the man who took $500,000* from gas, oil, and coal companies & encouraged trump to leave the Paris climate accord. Mirror pls?!?
The Paris Climate Accord has absolutely no enforcement.  Have you read any of it?
I'm sure they haven't. But the title just sounds so progressive. And of course, global. Therefore it must be a good thing, right? 
Oil & gas: $490,076
Coal: $58,200
Total: $548,276 
You're bad for politics and you're bad for SC. #forprofitpolitician
Cos it reminds you of home?
Just keep supporting Trump   and get rid of the  idiots.  You support trump I vote for you, simple as that
Debunks griffins claims that she only received backlash because she's a woman. So. There is that
for education and Betsy
Unfortunately, you sir, are also guilty.
"Then keep abreast of all your travel and destinations." & family including biological and others."

#TweetOfTheDay 
Sad because of the situation and because the democratic party has long been the party of violence and hate.  We need jobs, opportunity, etc
The black man who think he made it ,not. You stl a slave to them. They need to beat you with they private parts
What about trumps rhetoric,  no mention of that so called black man , not many black repubs, that's a great thing.
I am sure the info is available, but I would ask you directly; how much money have you received in donations from Big Oil?
Thanks for encouraging Trump to back out of the Paris agreement. We don't really need this planet. Overrated
Ah my SC senator. Pot, meet kettle.
It's probably a sulfury byproduct of your own poor decision-making. #stopglobalwarming
So sorry to see your name on the get out of Paris treaty!!  When will you ever vote the will of the people not party!!
You should've just kept your mouth shut like you usually do!!
Really this is what you decide you want to comment on!!!
You are the king of the double standard. Bought and sold by DeVos, energy etc Pot Kettle Black Senator Scott. #boughtScott
Right?! Omg... wth was he thinking.... not
Nice to know u r on top of this. Great. But where were u when @RepAlGreen was threatened with lynchings & dehumanized with those words?!
Where were you? Threats to assassinate Trump  Twitter death threats https://mobile.twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=assasinate+trump&src=typd …
How about u stand with the people, instead of voting 98% of the time with Trump? You have great health care, we pay for. We should have same
I'm people, and no Obamacare did not represent me. So yah, he represents me.
Double standards, eh? How about 23 Million being tossed off of health care by #Trumpcare, when Trump promised EVERYONE would be covered?
did u complain when ppl were kicked off obamacare when we couldn't afford the premiums and deductibles?
23 Million kicked off Obamacare? No. Fix what we have. Kicking 23 million off care because it's not working for some isn't answer. Get it.
Remember Paula Deen?  She gets canned. Bill's a liberal who dated a Black Women and gets a pass. SMH
Apparently near universal condemnation is a double standard?
You'd know all about those
Yep
Me too. #KathyGriffin #TedNugent

Very true
Your support for withdrawing us from the #ParisAccord won't be forgotten. A coastal state and our own senators are working against us.
@SenatorTimScott no comment on anything important and this is what you choose to speak out on.Any comment on Portland attack?University MD?
I think the same thing about you http://every.damn.day .  You claim to represent SC + care abt all, yet ur actions never match ur words
TELL TRUMP/IVANKA TO STOP OUTSOURCING THEIR PRODUCTS: HYPOCRITES. BRING BACK THOSE JOBS TO USA. TALK ABOUT *DOUBLE STANDARD* #MAGA
You should..You live it everyday as a Republican who allowed Ted Nuggent & the bigotry of others in your party to racially attack the Obamas
Appears 2 b a disease to which liberals /progressives r predisposed
Hilarious tweet!!
LOL!!!
Checking out all the inspirational accounts how you schooled @BenSasse on reacting 2 casual celeb racist remarks. Forward ever!
You mean like you supporting @BetsyDeVosED in her crusade against the poor and African-Americans? Pot calling the kettle black
Is it kinda like your supposed advocacy for education AND your support for Betsy DeVos for Sec. of Ed.?
TELL TRUMP/IVANKA TO STOP OUTSOURCING THEIR PRODUCTS: HYPOCRITES. BRING BACK THOSE JOBS TO USA. TALK ABOUT *DOUBLE STANDARD* #MAGA
How many lumps of sugar do you want w your cup of double standard?


Talking out both sides of your mouth again tim...#Complicit
Come on Maher sucks and everyone knows it. He is not a "progressive" or "liberal" he's just obnoxious. Like Alex Jones is on the right.
Thanks for the reminder to watch!
Senate
I'm sorry, his "joke" is unacceptable.
Leadership vs Partisanship.
He's left wing so #Democrats will approve of this! Now if a prominent white republican had said something like this it would be the end!
No, liberals don't approve.  It was stupid and completely out of line.  Tim Scott is a hypocrite, though.
Apparently they do approve! Magee is the #Democrats hero
Really bristled at that one, Sen. Scott?
Please. 
You're a Republican.
You've been drowning in it since Jan 22, 2009

awesome Senator!!
Exactly right. But Sasse laughing and not saying anything is also a cowardly move.
Succinct
There is no double standard. He is wretched too.
.@bensasse is a fraud. All he cared abt was money. Selling his book. Promoting his book. Hating Trump w/ racist Maher.
Hold them to their own rules @SenatorTimScott. Ask your liberal friends to dosavow.
*Disavow.
Pot. Kettle. Black.
We love you, Senator
Heh.
You would know.
Reckon your plenty familiar with the scent.
You're racist. @palmettoshade @SenatorTimScott
I guess lbj vandalism is okay now?? Thanks bill
Where's @ShaunKing on this?
