TheresaSorryforYou ISee you'reAKillary obama soros marxistProgressives socialist democrats toSay thisCause dumbStupidUninformedPPL Say This
Hey Ken your profile says you spent 50 yrs in ministry work. Really? Your comments were less than Christian like, makes me wonder. 
wait, you understood what he wrote?
Well he's writing from a cubicle in Russia so....

I love how there's a Supernatural gif for everything occasion.
This is a tone deaf ad no surprise!!! Who is he suppose to be targeting, bc all skin folk is not kin folk !
"By giving it to the 1%.
No seriously.
We promise this trickle down shit will work this time."
The mental health issue is way worse than we thought apparently. You haven't even read the plan, you have nothing to say.
But you do right? I mean you're definitely going to follow up with an explanation of what the plan does and why it's awesome for us right?
It gives tax cuts across the board, even for the poor.
Derp....
I mean it cuts the existing tax brackets down to 12, 25, & 35. It also doubles the standard deduction to $12,000 for individuals
NO!   The current lowest bracket is 10%!  From 10 to 12 is UP.   NOT a cut.  Turn off FakesNewsChannel and get some facts
Up to $12,000 is 0%, $24,000 filing jointly. After you take the deduction which would be doubled under this plan.
Do the math! It's a cut.
Here are some things I am more interested in than tax reform. 1. A bipartisan fix to the ACA.
The gov't has no business being involved with health insurance, other than monitoring for fraud. Just look at the VA.
I think you're wrong about the VA. https://www.legion.org/legislative/testimony/225841/examining-quality-and-cost-va-health-care …
Wow you so cool. Lying to people but trying to sound cool is ridiculous. God, we are living a reality show! Disgusting
Really like a short episode of Amos and Andy. So embarrassed for SC. Oh, and Uncle Tim, you doing anything for PR?
Ebonically racist hashtag.  #pandering

Blame it on the bossa nova...
... Or just blame it on the new boss
"How do you do, my fellow blacks?"
You really do have no shame.  Tim, have some self-respect, FFS
Tim Scott: Have you ever heard of the term "Uncle Tom"? BC you are acting that part perfectly right now. This is Appallingly Racist, @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP And You send your ONE AA Senator out to state a Racist # AND LIE to Americans. Can't Wait to #VoteGOPout in '18.
Lol. This video is the GOP in a nutshell. "Let's replace 'your' with 'yo'. The 'Blacks' will love it!" How much was your soul Senator?
GOP all signed this a while ago. Let's be truthful & call it what is is! Soulless group of empty vessels!
You should be very ashamed of "yo" self the rich pay less everyone else pays more  so the "yo"is the rich
RAISING tax rate on lower/middle class means we keep LESS $. Lowering the corp rate means THEY get to keep more. Didn't you read your plan?
Tim don't let them boys make you get on camera and shuck and jive to get their message through.

Lol Brother I hope no one put you up to this. It's bad enough as is without me thinking somebody was like Tim come up with something urban
He's read the book.
LMAOOOOO

Who put you up to this, Senator?

I need names.

"Hey, Tim, make it hip! Zip it in and zip it out!"



#KeepYoMoney
Lol ahh man I was waiting for him to throw a jive turkey on the end
How are you going to pay for all these tax cuts for the wealthy?
The tax "Thing" the GOP released today was a 9 page piece of crap. GOP will once again try to pass something underhanded and sneaky. NOPE
Did you actually time to read it or just count the pages?
#keep-yo-wack-a$$-tweet!
Oh my god is this embarrassing!
"Keep Yo Money?"

FFS, can @GOP be any more racist. Poor "Tom" Scott.
As long as you're a ultra wealthy billionaire donor
Liar!
You insensitive dopes actually think him using the word “yo” will appeal to “his” people. Sort of like a clip from Amos and Andy isn’t it.
less meaning, no more than 50 bucks to the working poor, while this idjit defends laws for wealthy to hide their taxes, and pay less.
It's sad that the GOP exploit American's short-term memory. Rich get huge tax breaks, states raise taxes on poor for roadwork and schools.

Do you think black people won't pay attention to what you're doing because you left the "ur" off of "your?"
He lying . This plan is give yo money to illegals and low skilled workers and businesses that hire them.make everyone else better than you
Ebonics assault...!

Keep Your Propaganda.
By using words like "Yo" in a hashtag to appeal to black folks? Ok then. Talk about tone-deaf.
He didn't say my N***** rap stars say and Larry Wilmore called President Obama eight years of Obama was horrible for blacks

YOU LIE!!!
Have some dignity. This is embarrassing.
about people of color is revealing what is in his HEART (well the empty space where one should be) - HE THINKS U ARE INFERIOR TO HIM!!!
How can they have ANY self-respect if they support this guy, seriously? I don't care how much " I know" him's u have - what is doing/saying
I guess they really have to keep the rest of us really stupid. Pretty insulting.
More bs
Tim you should be ashamed of yourself!!!  South Carolina doesn't deserve the likes of you and @LindseyGrahamSC
Really?
GOP: Let the Black guy read it; he's good at speaking ebonics.
 @SenatorTimScott: Keep Yo Money.

Can you #DeleteYourSenateSeat ?   This is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever seen.
Tom Scott, how do you let yourself be used like this? Smh
Then you’re going to have to draft a different plan. I am pretty sure that with a bit of digging I could get the names of those getting cuts
Well shit does travel down hill
BTW, #trump thinks your name is Tom
#KeepYOURBullshitTaxPlan
No. Just no.
Senator, you have put your party before your dignity.
WHAT THE F**K!?!? KEEP YO MONEY?!?!
So the one guy in the republican party who talks in "cool slang" just happens to be the only POC? How disassociated can one party be?
Did you read it Tim?

Lying Loser!
Really? This is just embarrassing & will not win any votes from senate democrats. @SenatorTimScott, guess you have to play but...bro!!
Is this what Trump asked you to do?  How much are they saying they’ll pay you.  This was a horrible idea.

Why the hissy fit with this piece of tax reform?  #Greed
As a black person I would like to point out, I've never heard a black person say, "yo" instead of "your." FYI all black folk know each other
Who exactly is this mysterious "you" you speak of?  #PayTheRich #FleeceThePoor #Greed #Liars
Wow. I don't think I've ever seen this level of racist pandering before.
I've got the tax plan I never told,wrote anybody
*Your money. Stop the slang. Act respectable.
You're sure you want to say that?
I’ve met this senator 3 times.... never once did he say “Yo”.... who put him up to this?
I don't believe the GOP or you! The GOP HAS NEVER HELPED!
This is the most ignorant thing I’ve seen from an “edumacated” person. #KeepYoHashtag #FOH #DeleteThis
You mean #KeepYoMoney #InGOPPockets
'Cause this is all we understand, right? The African American community frowns on yo shenanigans. #opporcoonist #stopyoshit
Trickle Down Doesn't Work. IT HAS NEVER WORKED!

IT. WILL. N.E.V.E.R. WORK.   STOP  IT  STOP  IT!!
Ignoramus. The people who want to keep their money are the rich bastards pushing this nonsense#hugedeficits&debt
This is truly disgusting .. reprehensible. What the actual heck ! 
@BuzzFeedNews @CNN @MaddowBlog @tedlieu
My jaw dropped when I heard/saw that hashtag, and I'm unshockable! Damn, this is trifling AF
Define "average". I'll wait.
Sweet jesus! Are you kidding me?! #keepYomoney???
Really! This what we doing now? Keep Yo Money! Scott you let them put yo ass out here to make US look like fools? Really?
GET OUT!
How 'bout my johnny cakes? Can I keep those two?
And "keepYOmoney" is completely offensive to me!!  You seriously think this will make you seem more open to the lower 99%  POS!!!
Wow... how could you sell out your people??? 
This is borderline offensive.
#Fuckyoself
Keep yo money? Really? I guess this is the minstrel show version of the GOP tax plan. Seriously, who thinks of this creepy stuff?
Stop lying! Republicans are such sleezeballs
Bull dingy!
Seriously?  What an embarrassment to send out the African American Republican to this ridiculous hashtag.
Who is the you. Those who earn over $250,000 or he rest of us?
What the fuck is this?
You tweet writer, are a clueless white person. I'm surprised that you forgot the fried chicken

You should be ashamed of yourself TimScott! This is about tax cuts for the rich! Review the plan! Someone is pulling your leg!!!!
#KeepYoMoney, @SenatorTimScott? Seriously? How's that going over?
You should be ashamed of yourself, Senator. Average Americans will see little tax reduction, and your fake jive talk to sell it is gross.
FIFY
This tax plan benefits the wealthy.Let's see a plan that gives large tax cuts ONLY to middle class.No corp. tax cuts.Raise taxes on wealthy.
Seriously? You're going with #keepYOmoney ? Jesus.
OMG. Seriously? Look at the image and hashtag and you don't have to wonder why we don't believe you.
@SenatorTimScott are you really this dim to agree to do this promo? Think about it for a second. Good grief! 
.@SenatorTimScott, maybe you should #KeepYoDignity?
Another liar
Liar! Liar! Pants on Fire! And you KNOW IT!
#SoldUsOut! #NoMoraleCompass! #Hateful!
Nice hashtag @GOP -- nothing racist at all about it...#keepyomoney
ought to have had a bushel of corn in front of himself to shuck along with that jive. #ShutYoMouf #shuckandjive
#KeepYoHashtag
JFC Sen Tim Scott of SC is now literally buck dancing for the GOP @MakeItPlain
This goes beyond tone-deaf.  Everyone behind this should consider resigning for the good of the country.
What is wrong with you? You really thought slapping BEV & Tim Scott's face on outreach to black voters was ok? Sweet hickory smoked Jesus.

If this bill is passed my family will pay $17,000 more in taxes. So, you're a liar AND a thief.
GOP doesn't think this is racist?
grossly offensive & an abject LIE. which PR firm takes credit for insulting all African Americans? these tax cuts for RICH only  #shame
Really Senator? You really ought to be ashamed of yourself
Republicanism is the cancer in our society.
WTF?!? 
Are you serious?? "Keep Yo Money"??? I am APPALLED and Senator, you should be ashamed. WTF were you thinking?? The GOP is brain dead.
That's embarrassing
Is amazing anyone would ever suggest Republicans are racist. Love the blackface. "You are clearly my nigga, sir."
Keep yo money?!!! Seriously? !!! GOP doing trump "hey black people what the hell have you got to lose?" Approach- wow talk about tone deaf!


Yes you are all buffoons 
Just retired, so living on lower income. This tax bill will reduce it even more. So no.
Wow GOP. Gotta give you credit for how you keep  inventing new ways to show off how completely tone deaf you are. Bravo
This is a bad idea, Senator Scott, & you should feel used.
Make the corporations pay their fair share and bring back the 8 million jobs lost to #freetrade.  Raise the min wage,
Black Republicans = OXYMORONS
How, how, do you not see what’s wrong with this ad?

What do you mean by the average American? Middle class taxes are going up in this masterplan. Sounds like false BS.
How stupid do you think Americans are?  And WTF is that pandering hashtag?
Gop loves hoarders of money. The more you can hoard, the more they will enable your sickness.
Country going broke because ppl not paying taxes or getting a cut. How patriotic. 
They send the only black Senator out with a hashtag that sounds like what white people think how black people speak. Any self-awareness?
Keep yo disingenuous tax plan, GOP! 
#YoPlanSucks
Sweet Jesus please someone tell me I didn't actually just see that?!
Have you no soul? Token much? Massa said say "yo" & you tap danced to the mic. #sad
Omg! R u guys for real??! Wth?
Seriously? You send out the one black Republican senator with a 'keep yo money' hashtag?!?
Then start by getting rid of McConnell, McCain and the rest of the empty suit RINOz.Republicans need to be "all in" with President Trump
I wish I could say I'm shocked you would use the lone black male and such a pandering hashtag. Sad he let you.
we ain't got no money
As a constituent, I say:  YOU ARE LYING TO US AND YOU KNOW IT.  Also, KeepYoMoney?!  WTF is wrong with you?  Is this who your mama raised?
Uh Riley I can see clearly you have an issue with BS!! HAHA, LOL
I do! KeepYoMoney is just so disrespectful and lame...AND AN OUTRIGHT LIE!  My state ranks near-last on most rankings and this dumbass...
This is an off shore tax break for the rich top 20%
Tim Scott was raised in poverty and has apparently forgotten the real suffering of many people in his state. Sold his soul to the @GOP. SAD!
99% of us haven't forgotten where we live and how we came to be....
 #really #thirsty #sad #getanewjob #trumptax #TrumpTaxScam #trumpadministration #TrumpTrain
This very close to an In Living Color parody. 

Very close.
I'm not conned. I saw this trickle down lie in the 80s. Do it again and everybody loses again - except the rich. What're you getting, Sen?
@SenatorTimScott Trump's tax plan is an attack on the middle class & poor to give tax breaks to billionaires. Your lies change nothing!!
Why does it have to be YO? Senate GOP account holder allergic to the UR keys, or is there a darker reason for using slang?
Very funny - why you think we believe you is beyond me 
I think this tax cut proposal is just another veiled attempt to give the rich more money.  However I'll reserve judgment until it's passed.
Loving the slightly groovy music, the black face and the slang designed to appeal to just to me. This isn't offensive at all. </snark>
Tim, no, bro. Who are you talking to here??You represent our state, please try to hang onto your dignity & self-respect.
Stereotype much!
Seriously this has all the cringeworthy of seeing your grandma rapping to a Macklemore song at Goodwill. ps. Trickle down is bullshit
Holy effing hell! Did you guys REALLY ask an accomplished black man to hold up a sign with the word "YO" in it? You don't get it, do "yo"?
#theyaintgettingshit #stopfeedingthe1percent
#Deleteyoaccount
Your whole fucking party is racist and you let them roll this out. Degradation at its finest. Unbelievable!!!
Oh no you didn't. Racist assholes!
Really dude.....Ridiculous! #KeepYoTaxReform
You're counting on sustained ignorance in this country. We're not all effing idiots. And that sign is ridiculous.
OMFG @SenatorTimScott!
"You know the damage one ignorant negro can do?"-Sgt. Waters, "A Soldier's Story.
How about a 50%  outsourcing tax for companies who take their business overseas.if you want to bring back jobs. Shame for backing a racist
This is not helping your race relations image GOP. This is very condescending.
Wow Tim Scott, you are an embarrassment! #keepyomoney That hashtag was ok with you?
While people like you keep even more of your own money. Trump ecomic adviser said middle class still my not benefit.
LIARS!!!!!!

Nice job rolling out the single black guy to try to convince us that trickle down works. 

Check out history...it's never worked.
If you love yo money, you can keep yo money.


#keepyomoney
You should be ashamed for doing this racist ad! #Resign
Seriously?  "Yo"?  Bwahahaha. "Gee, who should we get to deliver this Republican message?" Wink wink.
Pathetic! Get the racist fascist GOP Trump/Pence regime out of our government!
Don't Worry about the lowest tax bracket showing an Increase in Taxes~that's just a typo that we'll fix later. Don't Worry! Be Happy!
Tim, your buffoonery is an insult to every African American in this nation. We will make sure that you will not keep YO seat next year.
