Tim Scott - Our next President!  All in favor!
NO WAY!!
He has my vote.
Why? What of any significance has he done
Oh, who explained to you that you actually work for the people of SC? And, why did they wait so long?
FAIR TAX  S.18
Then tax CEO's and hedge fund managers the same rate you tax workers.
PT Barnum at work here. You keep fooling people in believing the GOP cares for the average person. Southern Strategy; healthcare, etc...
We need to help the middle class tax payers.
I'll believe that when I see it. You haven't made one decision yet that was in the best interest of the majority of SC tax payers!
Please come meet with us at the We the People rally at the SC State House, 6 PM Thurs. We need to talk with you!
A slim chance!
I know, but I can publicly shame him for not having town halls where we can dialogue.
Then how come you voted against the will of the people on healthcare? You don't care about us taxpayers.
Less than 3% of the state is on O-Care and we didn't expand Medicaid. S C voted against ACA. So Senator Scott voted the way his state wanted
Gov Haley not taking Medicaid was the 1st mistake!voting to take away insurance from 10s of 1000sof S.C. citizens 2nd... 3 times you're out!
You can help S.C. by returning @scanaenergy 's $110,000. 

https://twitter.com/postandcourier/status/892357999028842496 …

SCE&G explains abandonment of two South Carolina nuclear reactors to state regulators http://bit.ly/2uRomCD  #scnews 
You've not listened to your bosses before, just your donors.
Fair tax.
Pay attention voters! It's people like Scott that needs to be voted out of office. We need congress that will work with POTUS to help the US
I'm pretty sure I'm not your boss because you don't do what I ask you to. :(
Please keep working to give SC citizens relief from ObamaCare. I have one choice of coverage. Tripled premiums in three years.
He gets his way you will have NO choice of coverage.
Tim Scott Signs Taxpayer Protection Pledge in South Carolina Congressional Contest | Americans for Tax Reform
His idea of taxpayer protection is really simple. Protect Koch Bros., Health Insurers & other big donors. Screw everyone else.
You say this now, but will you still say this in a month? #FlipFlop #TaxReform
Hon. Tim Scott, you grew up across the street from my wife and are one of the few people I trust to take care of the people on #TaxReform.
#FairTax
You really mean male the rich richer...
@PRESlDENTBANNON @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @GOP @SenateMajLdr @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump
Need tax reform 4 mfg jobs (in addition to) apprenticeships, renewable energy, & infrastrcture jobs to keep evey1 employed
#FAIRtax
I dont hold out much hope of this "being designed to work for you", after seeing as how you you voted on the defeated healthcare bill.
And repeal o care bcbs of sc under ACA is BAD. I have health insurance under o care in sc but NOT HEALTHCARE!!!!
Need to reduce corporate tax to 15% to repatriate tax dollars to us and stimulate economy and add jobs!!!  JOBS JOBS JOBS
Link us to the text and we'll decide if it works for us!
You didn't care about us when it came time for healthcare, you hypocrite.
Thank you!
Dr. Carson's tax plan is perfect. Adopt it
You are kidding, right? Your bosses are in DC otherwise you would vote according to constituents wishes. #NoRepeal #FixACA
Wife got the biggest bonus she has ever had and the fed took 40%. That's what you need to fix.
Amen brother,  we shouldn't  be send our tax dollars to countries that want to kill us.  Our tax dollars should be refunded to us.
Good try throwing in "bosses."
Glad to hear you are on board @SenatorTimScott. Please do not increase low and middle income tax burden while decreasing tax on high incomes
Good luck with that. Tim's only interested in helping the wealthy who made sure he got that seat. He votes against us every time.
Let's make sure the influence of money does not become the influence of power. The top 1% has everything the need. #TaxReform
And we also VOTE!!
Hope you do better on tax reform than you did with repeal of ACA.
Tim you seem to be getting a lot of push back on this tax thing. When you get to SC take a good look at the majority of your constituents.
Your big concern is making sure they're fair to the brothers Koch!
since you work for me, I don't won't a tax cut for the wealthy... stop giving thesde businesses tax cut
And Trump's plan is to give us a mediocre break while the wealthiest Americans get the real tax break...as always, I'm sure you're with him.
Then why do you avoid your bosses here SC?
You need to make sure tax dollars collected are used to educate ALL children & fight against excessive cuts for underserved students.
Get the government out of healthcare. How many times must a promise be broken before it becomes a lie?
Bull$hit. You're working for the 1%. You signed Grover Norquist's BS pledge to screw us in favor of the wealthy. #Truth
Here's where he REALLY stands… Tim Scott on Tax Reform http://bit.ly/2f28iZz 
Hey @SenatorTimScott what kind of health insurance do you have?  The same as what you crammed down our throats or no?
True tax reform is impossible without campaign finance reform. Until then, bill mills will continue to pump out your legislation. #ALEC
Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is as Bad as the GOP's Health Care Plan | Economic Intelligence | US News
GOP's Deja Vu Budget Slashes Social Programs to Fund Tax Cuts for Rich -
Congressional Budget Office: Trump's budget math overestimated economic growth by $3.4 trillion
Workers' share of US economic activity has been shrinking for a long time
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
How Minnesota's governor performed an economic miracle by raising tax on the rich and increasing minimum wage
Trump budget replicates disastrous Kansas approach. This won’t end well.
The 'trickle down theory' is dead wrong http://cnnmon.ie/1LaIuSP  via @CNNMoney
Trickle-down economics is the greatest broken promise of our lifetime | Alex Andreou
Only if your party leader shows his tax return first .He promised .. #RICO. As for me...  
LIAR!  #TaxReform is Republican code for tax cuts for the rich, spending cuts to social services.  @SenatorTimScott = loyal Trump lackey
Typical Liberal Lie! Sorry you want a hand out, just try a little bit you could be a productive member of society it will only hurt a little
Then I am sure you will not be voting to change the inheritance tax which has been touted by R's as the Death Tax, so that they confuse 
define which citizens.. rarely does Congress do anything for anyone that is not rich
You don't work for the poor people of this state. You only work for the rich, and I bet the new tax bill will prove it.
thats why you all just voted to raise our gasoline taxes. next it will be higher taxes to support pushing the healthcare back to the states.
Which constituents? Obviously not those of us who need better health coverage, given that pile of tires you voted yes to during @sethmeyers
My phone changed an expletive to 'tires' and it still works.
I only had 140 characters. You're right, though.
