It is MIND NUMBING that you cast such horrible votes that hurt SC citizens, ignore us, lie to the media about us & think you'll be reelected
Thank you @SenatorTimScott . SC is so proud to call you our Senator. For many of us, Healthcare is now our #1 bill, 1500-2K/month. RepealACA
Mrs. Wilson, I understand your frustration w/sky high premiums. But this industry will NOT allow premiums to decrease. Esp for older folks.
And I have young children that aren't going to Doctor or Dentist so spare me the tears about taking someone'S HC away. Wealth Redistribution
We'll see. I've lived in 3 countries w/universal healthcare. My sister lives in a 4th. I also had it w/USAF. All GREAT w/no extra taxes.
Sorry Annabelle! I am Icelandic and know their health system very well. No extra taxes? I was a Navy wife. You are batting 0 with me.
Also, if you lived abroad as a Navy wife, then you paid no taxes in those countries (unless you had a job on the economy). Only in the US.
I give up. Your Tricare isn't free. It was part of the military package when someone gives their life to their country for 20. Too sad!
Why not work to fix the individual marketplace instead of completely blowing up the benefits of ACA.
All broken! Medicaid expansion allows millions who are able-bodied to enrolled.was nothing more than an avenue to single payer. Bad idea!
ASK HIM
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WHILE IN OFFICE TO HELP
AMERICAN'S GET AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE & BUILD ACA TO COVER MORE AMERICAN'S . NOTHING
13% of the country supports this bill.   You can do better for the state of SC and this nation.  ACA needs to be fixed in a bipartisan way.
The ACA has crashed and burned...move on. The Fed Govt should NOT be involved in health insurance! Have they managed the VA,Medicare well?
The failures of the ACA is, in part, due to the active efforts of the GOP to dismantle it, which you ignored in your article.
Tell me..why should a 60 year have to buy maternity coverage?
Because, there is nothing more important than ensuring our children are born healthy. Anything less is heartless.
According to polls ALL bills/amendments/plans discussed are MORE unpopular than th Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Polls suggest those responding know what it says.
we are not in a socialist country, where the government need to control health care, back off, is not a government issue.
THIS is what courage looks like Sir. Take a page from a former "captured" veteran.
If you had a plan to be proud of & actually took care of SC constituents, you'd publish it. Not some article with just your words.
What plan? "Something better than Obamacare" isn't a plan. It's a goal. You know what a goal w/out a plan is...right?
(tweet 2) But agree that Trump's proposal is not quite considering all the factors and is ignoring a large piece of the population.
I am not a Republican. But I can honestly say I respect you and thank you for showing that you work for Americans, not the president.
Love Ya', Tim!
I've been living in SC since May '16 from Missouri and you are definitely my favorite SC politician.
Just did pray for you.
I pay for my insurance. Not under ACA. Compassion for others. Voting has consequences folk.

(tweet 4) Trump has been so set-focused on replacing it with anything. it almost feels like he isn't even reading over these proposals...
Tell the truth Tim.  Tell everyone how the GOP has torpedoed the #ACA.  Truth and GOP not in the same sentence

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
Are you using the PROVEN (see SCOUTS & N.C.) gerrymandered 2010 election as justification for repeal?
And you speak of a plan as if the Senate had decided on ONE plan that works. It's appears all of your ideas would make things worse.
(tweet 6) making the necessary adjustments to his team's proposals in order for it to be acceptable.
(tweet 5) and is just trying to shove them down everyone's throats. Meanwhile, he's tweeting that Congress is wasting time rather than ...
What about TODAY? Do you understand what healthcare means? Are you in lock step trying to wipe President Obama from history?

Shame on you @SenatprTimScott
With the FBI looming over Richard Quinn an S.C. corrupted state house, you really want to give them $200 billion more to steal?
People keep your eye and ears open @SenatorTimScott  could and will be the President of the United States to bring everyone together
Hahahahahehehe
Why not fix the parts of the ACA that are not working?  less than 15% of Americans supporting the GOP plan why would you continue with it?
(tweet 3) The problem I think we are having is that Trump sees the main objective as replacing the health care. Not as aiding American needs
(tweet 1) Although I am not Republican, I am also not Democrat and do agree that in many ways... The health care certainly does need reform.
I am deeply troubled with your support of a horrible health plan
Sir could U tell your constituents the # of SC ppl that would have lost their healthcare because of your YES vote last night?
With more of the same ....
There is no plan.  YOU ARE HURTING MY FAMILY, MY GRANDCHILDREN.  Secret meetings, no public hearings, just insane despotism.
Obamacare is not failing. The GOP is. #Shame
Do you know what an Individaul Mandate means?
Disgusting. You're a shameless, heartless, and spineless embarrassment to SC. If only yr constituents had $ to buy yr vote.
You have sold out all the fine people in SC because you want to be to token for the GOP your ass is what's wrong with us

@independentmail @USATODAY Sen. Scott leaves out important (and inconvenient) factors on premium increases. Tell the Truth!
If Our Government does a #Replace after #Repeal of #Obamacare You will have alot more pissed off #Americans Open #freemarket DO NOT REPLACE!
What plan??? Explain the plan!!!
There is a plan??
As an SC resident, your plan would be complimented by calling it atrocious. Stop screwing around with partisanship and do the right thing
What have you done to try to stabilize the ACA- nothing- SAD
What "plan?" PLEASE describe this bec/no one ELSE knows! And you remain in HIDING from us, your constituents! Anger at you is mounting, Sir.
You wrote that the ACA is failing. According to independent studies, it's not. Be honest, Senator. You just don't want to fund it.
U R the lowest form of swamp life. May South Carolina ppl bring the full wrath of their vengeance on U. #CountryOverParty #KillTheBill
I hope you are right about premium decreases... My family's budget cant take much more :(
Let make his last term.! 
Sen.Scott, you are so much smarter than this. Restating the party line does not make it true. There is nothing bipartisan about this process
@LindseyGrahamSC not a fix. Not reform. A tax cut. A shift of cost to the states. A blow to our most vulnerable. SC deserves better.
How about we talk real reform? Stop subsidizing big Pharma with outrageous drug prices?  Prevent chronic disease in the first place?
Please do not forget Medicaid costs. Should be a capped block grant at pre ACA level, or drastically reduced fed match %. Let states decide.
SC can't handle block grant.Has bad track record on health care.State regs premiums-they're high. SC ranks bottom on most health indicators.
Does your bill repeal congressional exemption?
Serious Qs: what 'plan' are you referring to in this piece? Can you provide more details about it?
Let's pray common sense prevails in the Senate...something that often is very elusive there. Repeal and Replace!
Repeal
What plan? your back-door secret hideous against America plan ?

#Complicit party over people

It's nothing but a tax cut for rich people.  It doesn't improve anything.
Thank you, Senator Scott
Thank you @SenatorTimScott for taking action! The WORST decision would be to make NO decision.
No-the worst decision would be to make healthcare so $$$ for fam. with disabled children, ppl in nursing homes-that can't afford healthcare
That's called Obamacare. We already have that.
3/5 people in nursing homes use Medicaid.  That's Obamacare.  Whose going to take care of them after MC is pulled?
Medicare is NOT Obamacare. You have NO clue.
Replace with what
1. You, a former Insurance professional, know the State not the Feds,regulates premium hikes.SC has done a bad job keeping premiums down.
2.Despite SC's poor performance controlling ins rates,you want to give SC more power? Please explain how this will help lower rates in SC?
NO FAKE repeal or BAILOUT of 0CARE. FULL REPEAL or we will repeal you.
Senator Scott you have voted against South Carolina's best interest once again. Way to go!
You fail to mention that insurance companies, who put profits over people, (& finance your campaign) CHOSE to leave the market place.
Leo, why don't you and your friends start on insurance co and go into all the markets insurance companies have left?
Thanks for your advice, Janet. Will you be our first investor?
Before you decide to give us money, you should know, our goal would be to provide healthcare to all. We would put people over profits.
No, we aren't http://dumb.You  voted to take health care away.Sen Graham voted with the http://people.You  voted with Trump.
We know you're bought by the insurance companies. And that's why you get your tax payer-funded healthcare while stealing from us. SELLOUTS
You stand with a man who said 3-5 million folks voted illegally. Very small minority even likes this bill/process. You are being a follower
But today you have a whole op ed on the subject. Are you really listening to constituent needs & concerns or are you towing party line?
And it's interesting how when I called yesterday your aid said you didn't want to make a statement. You wanted to hear from constituents
Also, you proved that the ACA can be improved legislatively with your PACE act. Suddenly, the senate is too lazy to improve it?
But y'all would rather pull some ridiculous partisan posturing than actually working to make healthcare more available for your constituents
Big money swayed the 2010 election, not Obamacare.
Take away healthcare and we'll put that record to rest though in 2018.
The ACA is now more popular than it was when passed, and that's with the issues we all know it has. People now realize how bad it was before
If it's really as perfect as you say, why can't you get the votes? As one of your constituents, I'd love a little more truth & transparency
And people are starting to realize that the only way ACA crumbles is with the GOP LETTING IT HAPPEN.
Your plan to replace the ACA fixes nothing. Come up with a plan to cut costs and expand coverage, that is what America needs.
Which plan? Which bill? Can you give us the name/number of this plan/bill you speak of?
Your plan will result in the death of South Carolinians. Do better. #SinglePayerNow
You Brian could step up personally and help these dying SCians.
What "plan"?! Your party voted to take the debate to the floor for *a* bill but who even knows which 1 rn.
Last night you voted yes on BCRA amdmt—bill that'd decimate Medicaid in SC for kids, preg women, ppl w/disabilities, ppl in nursing homes
You'll continue to toe party line and vote yes for any amendment that Mitch McConnell asks you to even if it hasn't been scored or analyzed
You won't have Town halls, you answer all q?s w/same form letter, & if you repeal I will canvass neighborhoods to tell them what you've done
So you have a plan? Finally after 8 years!
Why does @SenateMajLdr say there's no plan?
Come on ,man. Y'all didn't even know what you were voting on with your "motion to proceed." Proceed to what?
So you want people to be free to go without insurance only to use the ER as their healthcare? Who pays for that?
