DKG be at Talk of the Town 105 S. Main Street Abbieville Sc Sat 2/11 at 11am. you cae 2 years ago.
@GOP needs to take some legislating lessons from from Senator Scott. Working Man's Senator.
I know you do good. I voted for you for that. But @BetsyDeVos bought you. So I won't be voting for you again.
Say, Uncle Tom, how much are you being paid to betray your own pwople?
Racism from -----> @richard03905 Just another peace-loving, open-minded, tolerant Democrat.  God Bless you @SenatorTimScott
I see, investment banker, that expains it!
so, let's understand more clearly @TraderTom007 is an investment banker which makes him wrong?@SenatorTimScott
you are losing support....
Thank you. As someone from a distressed community, I'm interested. Will tweet out the press release and other info
Heard you on Sean or Fox, please keep up the optimistic comments. I'm with you!
house nggr
#feelingthelove
when are you having a town hall in South Carolina - Charleston?? We are waiting @womensmarch @aclu @naacp @KimpsonForSC
It is simply amazing that this is not major news. #Media_bias
You SenScott! I'm from Great State of SC & KNOW when "WE" say tolerant, WE Mean Tolerant! Unlike some in rest of Country!
I respect you!
After enthusiastic endorsement of wholly unqualified nom for Sec of Ed, what credibility is left for other endorsements?
I don't see a deferral of taxation as a long term solution. An exemption to the tax would be. At minimum a LOW tax rate #1%
Thank you!!!
Like No Charleston where @POTUS & Jr left a bankrupt & polluted property for SC taxpayers to clean up! 
2024 Tim Scott for President
Great idea.
heres an idea, get trump and his billionaire cabinet to invest
you go Tim! for you! Glad to you and @VP working together! May God give you wisdom &2 bring hope 2allfear,trust!
U MUST B our first Black POTUS
I would love to see Governor Tim Scott.
because of your stance of truth for Sen. Jeff Sessions I am open to your causes! I am listening! Speak on!
. Keep up the great work tim your an awesome senator.
. Senator I am a white american, not that color counts sir but you are a beautiful human being and my brother in christ.
im in az & ive been thinkin someone should give tax breax 2 quality flipps to forego new builds do u
We are so appreciative of all your efforts. Good job!
Thank U 4 Your Courage - Long-term Vision - & eye-up on low-income Dem. voters - BRAVO!   UR Welcome 2 Tehachapi, CA - Sir
I would like to apologize for the rude comments from those people. You are a true American.
U are one awesome man & what a breath of fresh air u are! You have so much class! The emails from sore losers was pathetic!
Sir. I watc you on TV. I'm so sorry 4 how you been treated NO ONE rt or left should hear the words you were called. bless u
We are praying for you who want righteousness in our country Stay Strong Senator you have support more than just SC 
Thank you Senator Scott for being another voice of Reason in the Senate may God help you, lead you & give you the Words2say
Can we say President Scott in 2024?
Thank you for standing up to the haters....give them hell
Is this program available in South Carolina?

I'm not entirely sure you know what the Dept of Ed does...
Great to see this bipartisan effort moving forward! This could do amazing things for distressed areas countrywide. Thanks!
I look forward to your ideas.  Thank you so much.
You Sir are a Rockstar!  I love this! #iioa
@KIR_bigg50 H2 intelligent to be a Democrat Democrats on how stupid black people
thank you for standing on what you believe and for America. Some Americans do care
Finally there is an admin of action instead of politics that hopefully partners with you passing this act.
your the man great speech on  sessions.  Love ya man
you're a brace man. Being a black republican can't be easy. Keep fighting the good fight sir.
Here: http://TheJobsMandate.org  
Use it.
I believe in your message Senator Scott. Our inner cities need a chance and help. Where were the Dems the past 8 years?
incentivize private investors by getting rid of tax burdens. love it! Hope this passes. thank you @SenatorTimScott 
.@SenatorTimScott so many of these communities don't have the people with skills and education, how do we fix that to get people to invest?
investing is best thing that ever happened to me. Less worries when u invested
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
This is great!  Keep us updated on this.  Thank you, Senator Scott!
You r an awesome person! God bless you!
you only reply to the people who call you names. So twitter trolls matter but not constituents. Wtf.
we love you TIM! We have you're back ! Always !  Let the #LM live in their hate ! God has blessed you with true character
how can anyone not be excited about this! Much needed in many communities!
I know we need it here in Seneca. Store after store on main street shutting their doors.Even our mom and pop grocery store.
Hopefully you can get it done!
THIS

IS

BULLSHIT
