YOU ARE PLANNING TO VOTE TOMORROW WITH THE DEMOCRATS TO CENSURE THE PRESIDENT OF USA. SHAME ON YOU.TRAITOR TO AMERICA AND TO POTUS.
Include BLM also Sen. Scott? No need for racists from anyone including white supremacists or BLM or Anifa!  Support the prez for once.
Continue support of our president,all leftist hate groups want division of our country don't  comply!no racism here!
Dr. Martin Luther King opposed homosexuality-will they want to take his statue down & get rid of his birthday observance? Where does it end?
Huh, maybe with the traitors that led an armed insurrection to maintain that "peculiar institution" of slavery?
Leftists/Democrats are STILL supporting slavery to this day! Planned Parenthood has it's roots in racism & Muslims R STILL ENSLAVING PEOPLE
... ok then
Say that on TV
After today's presser by Trump, if the @GOP continues to defend him, then it is no longer the GOP. It is the alt-right party.
Thats so absurd and laden with lies/propganda I barely know how to respond except to say POTUS was 100% correct-BOTH sides ugly/violent/hate

@FoxBusiness @FoxBusiness Thank you - only hope you understand the @POTUS who said the same thing! Glad you are GOP-unite them pls!
I implore you to call ALL hate groups out, like our responsible POTUS did.
Talk is cheap.  What action are you taking today?
I agree wholeheartedly. This, I am afraid, appears to have been orchestrated for mayhem and another red herring to leftist real agenda.Sick
You fail to mention unauthorised gathering of antifa and BLM who were the people that caused  to go downhill. Our country is in big trouble

Time to lead, Senator.  Your President is in dire need of your tutelage.
Today is 09/05/2017 please stop the madness and stop DACA elimination. 45th has no idea how his actions will destroy families and America.
Tim, get over it! Racism & White Supremacy Groups are not growing in the USA this just more fake news BS being used to hurt Conservatives.
TScott You have the balls to stand up. Run 4 Prez, & u have my vote. 
The ONLY justified hatred is for Congress & the media :D (Not really)
Declare Antifa a Terror Group

A wise man!
When will you and the republicans realize how unfit Trump is for the WH?  This country is sinking and you do nothing.
So WHAT are you going to do with the position we find ourselves in?? He will not and cannot change. Sign Censure now!
I haven't read it yet but as my SC rep I hope u hit on the left's hate that started this hatred of America & white American Trump supporters
But sides with the @POTUS who is for white supremacist groups
We must tell the truth, that our President is incompetent.  Quit talking for the vote, and stand up against racism.
Sir, I appreciate your words but GOP Congress needs to oust the narcissistic, racist, sociopath @POTUS sitting in the WH. Impeach as unfit.
GOP will do nothing to support your views, soldiers will die but GOP wants to keep their jobs, Impeach Trump, Pence not much better.
Racists and bigots is who America is -- is that what you mean?
WAKE UP! The Left funded all sides Saturday to create mayhem to anger Americans to get Marshall Law for overthrow of Trump and Govt!
We are experiencing the Tyrannical overthrow of America by the Left! First or history, which is to learn from. Next our President! ENOUGH!
the party that constantly flashing race card & gender card especially to win election is the culprit.
#ImpeachTrump

Do u support ANTIFA? BLM? THEY ARE ALSO PART OF THE PROBLEM ANTIFA WILL NOT DICTATE TO ME WHAT FREE SPEECH IS NOR U
Then call out Trump BY NAME for his comments! Don't be scared!
So, just WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?  Does this mean you condemn Trump?   @realDonaldTrump embraces the white supremacists, he made it clear.
Not with 45

@3m
@MichaelDell 
@JNJNews 
@CampbellSoupCo 
@WhirlpoolCorp
@JeffImmelt
@Boeing
@generalelectric
#quitthecouncil
Thank you for a strong message!
You know you was wrong when you voted for him. He showed you his hands from the beginning. But you was too busy c**ning. Fix this problem
Maybe is defunding PP? Cutting the social safety net? Or is cutting school lunches? All are GOP policies that give rise to ppl like Trump
Your moral outrage is laughable. Is kicking ppl off healthcare who we are? What about building a wall? Maybe it's taking away voting rights?
Chicken George is a spineless is byatch, biggest Thomas on the hill.

Put action behind your words. You must condemn Trump & remove him from office ASAP. #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
Will you hold hearings in the Senate on these dangerous white supremacists? #ActAgainstHate
The ideals your president and party leader articulate aren't American.
We must be vigilant.  We must be willing to look at ourselves in the mirror and change what we do not like.
Tell Trump. He won't disavow his alt-right base. Talk to him. Use small words.
Eloquent statement-yes. Yet it does not condemn the President & it does not call for expulsion of Alt Right/Breitbart advisors from WH. Why?
Love Tim Scott, a man of reason.
#DoSomething
Your words mean absolutely nothing ... you supported this jackass and vote with him ... you should be embarrassed to show your face in SC !
Words are not enough. Do your job & #impeachTrump
We are united behind this:  Articles of Impeachment. Today.  Otherwise the @GOP is the Nazi party. You own this. #ImpeachTrump #NoMoreWords
STOP protesting.  START praying.  2 Chronicles 7:14
We love you Senatoe Scott.  Thanks for being a strong voice at this difficult time
trump using this weeks tragedy to promote his "large winery" in his "racist are lovely people" speech. is he cash poor? crazy? owes russia?
Unity with evil, racist neo-Nazis?  I don't think so.  Dump Trump or next election you are gone.
Agree, but you have press bludgeoning @POTUS . And Americans bludgeoning others is the result.
Mr Scott you are on a sinking ship.  The question is how long will it take you and other members of your party to realize it?
POTUS is comparing the alt-right (white racist) to the of the alt-left(liberals)the alt-right is more evil than the left hands down
Please remove him from office. We've suffered enougg under Trump.
#ImpeachTrump
You want to stand by Trump? You will be voted out. We are not having this nazi-loving crap in our country. #ImpeachTrump
But you will go back to Senate and enable him to destroy this nation!

So why tweet? Just keep mum!
That aged very badly.
Amen. Freedom of speech. No obliterating history
Yes we must unified to make a nation. But it seems that the color of our skin keep the people apart.
Words are hollow. Time to #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
U are so late! So is ur newspaper! Go get education! & clean ur college out @ICEgov unlawful practices of entry for immigration violations ©
No u are frauds trafficking transcripts! No reason on arrival not to match up! Birthcertfact say Africans go to university of Africa ®™©
Stock in markets! Ponzi same! Pick a color! Just check birth certificates. Cash is counterfeit! Drug runners b drug runners @DEAHQ @APA scam
@RussiaConnects @POTUS @POTUS44 color unimportant! If U cant understand science. Contracts all frauds. Sponsee guilty of violations®™©
Don't read papers! One fraud story too many! No purpose for rerouted phone calls or numbers! Save ur own kind! B easier for u®™© drums
Planet ! Is going to shake u off properly! Lack of knowledge! Unlicensed ®™©
Hard when we see this.

Then STOP ANTIFA turning every demonstration into an unholy brawl where people & property always get hurt, dead & destroyed! ARREST THEM!
Senator, I call on you & your colleagues to publicly, in one voice, denounce POTUS & his wild rantings.
Donald Trump's reaction to Charlottesville was a failure of leadership and showed he's a weak president
Denounce Trump don't beat around the bush just say the truth #canturealsrry#
Good man Mr Scott now reply to my daughters email she sent two weeks ago
Start with impeachment.
I no longer feel safe in America.  I am no longer proud of my country.  I never felt this way until Saturday.  #FireBannonMillerGorka
I can't believe you aren't standing up to this lunatic! Thank goodness he can't keep his mouth shut! People before party!
Please directly condemn Trump for hateful false equivalence in today's press conference. You are an important voice on this.
We cannot have a nazi sympathizer in our WH. Not acceptable on any level. Our grandfathers would be ashamed. He is a disgrace. #ImpeachTrump
Fortunately for you you DO NOT HAVE a  Nazi sympathizer in the White House.  Sleep easier friend.
No condemnation of anftifa or blm?
Sorry Tim... Now is the time the GOP must decide. Democracy or whatever Trump and the right has in mind. WHAT SAY YOU???
Tim unity would be removing the scourge that is @realDonaldTrump from office now. Anything else is just bullshit
Where do YOU stand on confederate monuments?
Senator please insulting us. Ur OP-ED means nothing when u continue 2 support a POTUS dat defends racists. Say something & do another thing!
The call out the President by name, coward.
Stop preaching to us an start in your house the Senate.

Do the right thing and condemn white supremacy in the Republican Party and the White House. You've been silent for 2 years on trump's hate
Well, it's about time! Well done.
Thank you Senator! Hope you run for President someday!
Shame on you, for staying silent for so long. You knew about white supremacist sympathies in your party and have stayed silent
You knew they were white supremacists in his admin. I emailed you in the spring about it and you wouldn't condemn it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P54sP0Nlngg … Vice News in case you missed it.
the minorities must become Patriotic Americans in order to unify the country and I don't see that happening.
I believe that the greatest, underappreciated threat we face is the unraveling that is occurring from inside the Whitehouse!
@SenatorTimScott we aren't unified. And your boy Trump just made it crystal clear that we never will be while he's in office
You have got to get him out....talk to your house friends...
Nice words. When will you act? Stand up to this President? Is keeping your job by pandering to your base more important than your values?
It is. I emailed him in the spring about alt righters in trump's admin and he replied that congress has to work with the people trump appts
I love you Senator Scott, but the Intersectional Racist Left still have you at the bottom of their "rights" list, because you are GOP and AA
Where is your anger against Trump and his racist beliefs, words,  policies? You were elected to serve the people of SC, not a vile racist.
Nice article. This is a good man asking us to come together and we need to.
Need new LEADERSHIP in SENATE. No Confidence in McConnell
E Pluribus Unum
Not going to happen as long as politicians pander to radical left and let them co-opt the truth. Will only get worse Senator
Obviously the POTUS disagrees...sad!
