Not unlike when Republicans refused to hold hearing & confirm Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.
Are you seriously joking about a little girl hiding from Nazis & death?! Though, there are parallels. #Nazi
It's in very poor taste. She was a frightened child. She became sick in a camp. She died. Show some respect.
If being a compassionate, respectful person is touchy-feely whining, that's me.
.@SenatorTimScott Sometimes only peaceful protest and civil disobedience gets attention. #BlackhistoryMonth
.@Autismsauce @SenatorTimScott if their job is just to sit still and acquiesce to tyranny, then I hope they don't do their jobs. YES!
Oh I get it, you just think everything Trump does is tyranny.
.@LALopez1999 @Autismsauce @SenatorTimScott Owning stock in companies U regulate MAY not b ILLEGAL, but it is unethical. #priceiswrong
An educator.  Figures.
Educators need to see things objectively, not out of fear.
get them their binky's, the forget that there are more election cycles coming
No, we haven't forgotten future elections are coming. I'll be there with my binky & voter registration card
you and about 10 other liberals...face it you lost, take a breath, get one of these great new jobs and have fun
We did lose. Our protests have zero to do w/ losing & everything to do w/ Trump & protecting our rights.
if you actually paid attention none of your "rights" have been taken away under Trump. damn those pesky facts
Mine? No, not yet. He's trampled on the rights of my neighbors. And, I'm paying close attention!
They no-show and don't do their job. The Right shows up and doesn't do their job.  At least they're honest about it?
wonder how much you spoke out to those who boldly announced they were there to stop any and everything OBAMA tried to do?
ready for November Election memory like an elephant 
Maybe you break with your party to deny Betsy Devos her nomination.  She is not qualified to lead the Education Department.
A stunt like blocking a Supreme Court nomination?
they should have had a hearing for garland, then voted no and he would never be able to be a justice again.
like you and your pals failed to give Garland a vote. You are a hypocrite.
If only GOP would make serious questions be answered. COUNTRY FIRST. Stop putting in crooked cabinet! You will be blamed.
Get ready to pack bags. We are taking notes and will bounce every single one out next election.
And the non propagandist reason  they did not show up @SenatorTimScott ? Or will you be providing us with "Alternative Facts" as well?
In the real world, people who do not show up for work do not get paid. These people would be fired.
you mean like your colleagues on the right decided to block President Obama's #SCOTUSnominee Merrick Garland? Right....
Thank you for callin that out Senator! Now, back our Pres .on temporary immigration restriction. He/we need your support!
you keep up the great work and you might be the lone Democrat in the Senate in a few years
That's okay, midterm elections are coming :) 
People hate because they're incapable listening, reason or understanding. I, we, confront the disrespectful. Hang in there!
maybe you should focus on making this country better and not being swayed by money. So ashamed of you.
as your constituent I have to express again my opposition to Betsy Devos. There is still time to begin principled stands.
Your "friends" assumed you'd respect them. You showed you don't respect them or the process.
Or they are making a stand for the people they serve. Something you haven't done. #noDevos #AllMeansAll #sheisunqualified
shots fired
Stunts like not giving a confirmation hearing to a qualified Supreme Court nominee for 11 months? Got it.
Don't forget Dems promised to do the same with bush back as early as summer of 07. They just didn't get the chance #hypocrite
@markhgeorge Track names-Trump won-2626counties&33states-some of who vote on these asss- pay attn
You friends are listening to their constituents, hence their absence. Are you listening to your constituents?
that's fucking rich. You're out of your mind if you think being physically present made what you all did any different
how quickly we forget the republican stand offs, walkouts, boycotts and filibusters.  Hypocrites. #illegitimateCongress
#EmbarrassingThemselves
Good work Democrats!  #resist #presidentbannon #impeachtrump  Country over Party!
Problem is...the confirmations are inevitable. Somtheyre being obstructionists for no good reason.
principle over politics
if I don't show up to work, I don't get paid - can the same please be applied to congress? Especially when on whiny tirades
No. And this argument is so played out. Don't go to work. You won't be missed,
apparently the Dems were not missed today...
Ohhh. Sick comeback....
just stating the obvious.
Not confirming Merrick Garland, in defiance of our Constitution, was not a political stunt?
When are you going to do your job preventing Trump from abusing his office?
can we suspend pay?
@JPorhola a bunch of crying babies
@LanceStrasser This picture should go into political ads...but with their name cards in view. Will be powerful
@r1965rainey  it is sad that they want to act like 2yr old babies
@BoboFromTexas apparently they were told they would not be provided with crayons and coloring books.
@RobHurley911 need to replace them & not pay them, wasting taxpayers money
Sorta like you folks on the right with Obama's nomination to the Supreme Court. Your indignation means nothing!
If you don't go to work you should be FIRED!!
@ClaireyHardwick This is another childish temper tantrum which they should not get paid for!
Kind of like when we needed you to stand up to the vile @BetsyDeVos
And you chose $$$ over research, over voices, over kids.
You clearly do advocate for choice. You just made the wrong one with DeVos
@Ange6H777 get used to it loser you've used that and many more "stunts"
your votes are awful.  Vote NO on DeVos to redeem yourself.
kinda like how GOP blocked everything Obama ever put forth from day one? This isn't even payback, Trump is unhinged.
So you guys decided to change the rules to suit your interests? That's not how our gov't is supposed to work. #takingnotes
Hi Sen. Scott. Am new but you read my mind! Those who "stick heads in sand", may we all wish 'em a "Happy Groundhog Day!"
@SenFeinstein Political stunts? How does your absence represent Californians?
Like the hearing that never happened for Obama's SCOTUS nominee? Stop tweeting hypocrisy
I believe they are preserving their dignity
We certainly appreciate you Sen. Scott. I saw the empty chairs & thought of Clint Eastwood.
GOP did that for the last 8 years. vote NO on DeVos!!!
but at least they know the devil when they see it. #devildevos
8 years of obstruction and abandonment by your party. Sack up, comrade.
they did nothing for 8 years should this stunt surprise any one
no to devos
should Senators that don't  show up for work be docked pay, if I didn't show up for work there would be no pay.
They are obstructionist.  Keep up the good work.
It's time for them to grow up and act like adults!
Political stunt?  Such as not allowing a vote on a President's SCOTUS nomination for nearly a year?  Huh...
politcal stunts? Like blocking a SCOTUS nomination for 11 mos?? Short term memory, Tim??
the Democrats are disgraceful. Crying babies.
OR they're standing on principle.  As you are not by voting for clearly unqualified candidates based on party.
They are showing up to support the US Constitution. They did so by their absence.
Maybe they learned from how you have acted the last 8 years, put up a stone wall and do nothing.
@KARYN19138585 if you want to stop moving forward and disagree with the majority of Americans become a dems and b useless
it's called taking a stand for America, you should try it.
like the republicans refusing a hearing for almost a year for Garland...look in the mirror!
how bout they don't get paid if they don't show up, that's what we would face! You rock tim!
tell them to go to hell. Thanks Tim for being my states great Senator
they all need to be voted out and replaced. South Carolina does not have time for stunts!
We will remember!
And they still get paid. Doesn't happen in working class world. And they wonder why Trump got elected.
People are tired of this behavior Take their pay for every day absent
They don't achieve much when present which is why people elected PTrump
I think they are taking pages from your playbook.
dereliction of duty, demorats new battle cry, started by the buffoons in Wisconsin who actually fled the State. Cowards
There should be a hefty fine & punishment: they should lose any seniority on committees.
how bout minimum work days required and no pay for no shows. End campaign season excuses. 260 days mins @GOP @DNC
They need to stop acting like children. They will regret this when it is time for their re-election.
@winsomebulldog you are against democracy. Democracy is what's best for all, not your chauvinistic appointee. #shame #maga
So if I didn't perform my job duties I would be fired. Petulant behavior calls 4 a pacifier & a nap, or just vote them out!
those on right cannot criticize anyone for political stunts. Quit sounding like a mean kid & govern. #merritgarland
Are you fucking kidding me? This is the most hypocritical thing I've read in ages. The GOP can't FUNCTION without stunts
dock pay & any per diems, give $ to veteran support organizations
They are probably at berkley, I have no doubt their rhetoric fanned these flames too
Are they on salary..did they take an oath to the Constitution..recourse should be public/fitting..obstruction is not pretty
Democrats hate work
@GlomarResponder finance committee? Empty seats looks like someone canceled the Dems credit card?
like petulant toddlers who don't get their way.
@realDonaldTrump How can we fire them if we don't want to wait until 2018
Yep. That tricked worked so well in Wisconsin...that Dems lost on every issue & the GOP Governor still won his reelection
SAD!
so you righty's are just going to change the rules now to get your way. Noted. We'll remember that!
wow. Glad to hear what is happening. What is to be done about it, Senator Scott?
This is Total bull shit
How about no work, no pay....novel concept
Thank you!!
why are you calling them your friends? They clearly are not. It's not nec to insult/name call, nor to lie & say friends
pathetic. This is why they lost.
.@SenatorTimScott do we really, truly miss our friends on d left? (No !)
They will be "invisible" during election time, too. #MAGA #FOXNews
why has the Supreme Court Justice vacancy not be filled for going on a year? Hypocrite much?
do we really, truly miss our friends on the left? (NO !)They will b invisible during election time, too.
#MAGA #foxnews
Agreed But you pulled your own political stunt w/ secret trip to Florida during primary, didn't you Timmy?  Not forgotten
They found out how much they mattered
They need to be fired in 2018.
Senator, it's time to admit that they are not your friends.
@lesstaxingcpa 2018!! Love the mid-terms!
post these pictures everywhere especially during voting 2018 / 2020
No surprise! Stunts and theatrics are a way of life for libs! #CryingChuckShumer
Bunch of big spoiled brats.
~ who are the real deplorables....#draintheswamp
in the real world..if you didn't show up for work..you would be fired
you are really a loyal Republican and you have forgotten who your constituents are. We are watching you here in SC, Tim!!
in short if you support DeVos you didn't grow up poor or you forgot what poor is! Shameful. I am from SC. We're watching u
and the middle class kids use the vouchers. Public schools where poor kids are stuck lose fundIng because other kids leave!
If they do not show it should be forced a non vote. This is ridicous... Vote without them!
your supporting DeVos! Vouchers for poor kids to apply towards charter schools they can't afford.  stupid!
like the Republicans did my refusing to hold hearings on the Garland nomination. You are a HYPOCRITE!
Democrats. Showing America just how good things are without them.
Boycotts, protests and sit-ins wear thin after a while
.@Runsoshrun I donated to @SenatorTimScott campaign. He, quite sadly, went along with GOPe, did little. He seems more energized now.
@F4WWDiceman Sen you're awesome...I'm proud my family and I voted for you!! Plz help POTUS help America! Take a hard stand!
All u senators need to quit calling them friends. It cheapens the word. They hate you, get it. Try colleagues instead.
.@SenatorTimScott Hmmm... for some reason I think of Clint Eastwood when I see all those empty chairs.
well maybe they thought they were part of a democracy.  Will be working to get you out of office.
that's the money shot for the Dems 2018 re-election campaigns!!!!
congress has become an embarrassment&joke-to the American ppl,R USA&2other countries. Grow up&do your jobs ppl pay=taxes.
I don't do that - I lose my job.  Are that that confident about 2018, 2020? SMH. (Proud you are my Senator)
You forgot that 293 day stunt the GOP pulled on Merrick Garland?
Really? #hypocrite
TY 4 doing ur job. They r showing themselves to be the children of the left.
Boycotting is the work, Senator. These are perilous times for our Republic. Please help.
like you the passed year on the Garland nomination?
you mean like the GOP did on obamas Supreme Court nominee. Don't throw stones. We remember. Break rank. America is watching
Not showing up for work is a fire-able offence.  The FBI should investigate what country they work for. #Twright55 #MAGA
shame on them  time to accept @POTUS and confirm his appointments and let's move forward. #SoSickOfItAll
Why are they getting paid if they're not doing their job by not showing up to work for "we the people"?
a bunch of childish old people.
@Lrihendry at my job if you fail to show up for work...you're eventually fired
if I don't show up I get fired.  They should as well
we always knew they were just stealing from the taxpayer without putting in work.. No surprises here
Don't let Dems absenteeism hold anything up. Not allowing votes because of cowardice is unacceptable!
you know your people pulled the same type of shenanigans for the past 8 years... don't play.
If I don't go to work, I GET FIRED.  Replace the NON WORKERS with workers.
is that like how you decided that  $49K donation is more important than quality leadership at the department of education?
Please submit legislation to deduct pay from those refusing to work&always think theyR worth more than they R
AWOL!!Speechless!!Abandoned their post!! Roll Republicans Roll!!
We shouldn't be paying people who don't show for work. American citizens who bust their humps working would be fired 4 this
Oh please.  Their presence wouldn't have changed anything, and they knew it.  Republicans aren't any better...
#NOWORKNOPAY #THEYDONTGETPAID As a person who pays the salary of these bozos it's time to do something abt no shows at work
would you be so kind as to let us know who, and from which state their from? Thanks in advance.
@CatBollar  
If TheseDemocratLibtards dontWant2work or show up for vote,Fuckem,Dont pay http://em.vote  or go home!
#DemocratsDefinedIn1Photo
@hrhjmm  their paid to do a job and now that can't do it /time for voters to vote them out/they stole enough money
as a constituent and mother of two school-age children, I am so disappointed by your actions
Dems stalling by not going to work!! That is so wrong. If our kids avoided responsibility and duty we would furious.
lets find some that respect the job...
Dems castrated themselves by removing the filibuster for admin. nominees. Now they pout like little children.
no work, no pay..
Too bad we can't dock their pay. #DNC #MAGA #TrumpCabinet
Can you imagine teaching young people about our democracy today? Lesson: If you don't get your way, just don't show up. Sad
Ah, this coming from a member who worked Tuesday - Thursday last session and now refuses to take phone calls.
we still remember the Senate not doing its job re SCOTUS. So not real upset yet. I wish everyone would act like grownups.
Keep moving ahead Senator
@DianeShamlin fire them
fire them is right. they get paid by the taxpayers.
@TemiaBrinson What happens to the Republican Senators said to not support DeVos for education?
Senator....take the vote without them....just like the whiny dems in Wisconsin who left the state...
They have no shame
Do not let up on these lying frauds and Tim..they are not your friends!!!
They should ALL be fired for refusing to do their job.
@_Proud_American    Make them   Accountable. Democrat Fits!
Welfare minded, even at this level: get paid for doing nothing: womb to tomb mentality.
@_Proud_American They don't work when they do show up, obstruct and pervert is their intent so let's go nuclear!
@_Proud_American    Let's send this back home to their state media . Be sure& dock their pay for no show  ,#WakeUpAmerica 
@_Proud_American tax money hard at work
Same as the Repugnant Party scum that refused to do their Constitutional duty by voting on Merrick Garland.

Too bad Little Scottie is only now pointing fingers at political games!
High Five the Parliamentarian for me. and get them a raise.. TY
@winatdelmr @TheDemocrats @OfficialCBC ...."let's call in sick"
I hope come re-election time, their constituents remember & the 1s who voted 4 them stay home or vote 4 their opponent.
are you kidding? You do realize y'all declined to vote on former Obama's nominee. So, make sure you paint the whole pic.
@drivn2xl With friends like that you don't need any enemies !!!!!
so the obvious choice is to change established rules that eliminate their participation? This violates rights of citizens.
Why don't you just change ALL the rules for Trump and his administration? Oh yes- you already are doing that. Pave the way
for him and his colleagues to destroy everything good this country represents. And to think- I voted for you. Hurts deeply
