@SenatorTimScott how does it feel to be the modern age Uncle Tom? Wake the fuck up. https://twitter.com/politico/status/829470629023854592 …
@MgoDefend it must get pretty old having all these racist liberals calling you "Uncle Tom" all the time. smh 
thanks for the hypocrisy. Cuz if it was the other way you people would be crying up a storm. Truth hurts
how did you suffer? I want to know.
Obamacare
@BenjaminSWatson looks like a libatard hilbot to me
Stand firm--I see all the horrible, typical name-calling. They're not right just because they curse & yell. Many thank you! @SenatorTimScott
truth hurts senator Uncle Tom. I don't mind your hypocrisy. That's why America is broken.
show some respect! We are all Americans!
dissent is patriotic
do you know anything about the 'left?' Anything concrete? Or do you just repeat a phrase you were taught.
The utter lack of civility, promoted by the anonymity of social media, is contributing to the breakdown of our society.
/ It's no secret that the Left actually hates African Americans who speak truth about social engineering and self-reliance.
senator you are a great american
New word: "UberDeranged." New Liberal syndrome. They need to grow up.
Just watched you read those horrible tweets. Smh. Keep up the fight good sir! More reason to relo to SC!
don't use twitter but had to get on and say nuff respect.Salute you brother this black history month. Respect!!
So sorry you are being targeted like this. Continue with confidence, patriot! We are behind you!
I'm w/ U all the way. Why hasn't media challenged any  Democrat abt this hateathon. It's their base!
God Bless you - praying for you. Admire your strength. 
#liberaltolerance Keep fighting the good fight Senator!!
proud to have you as my Senator!  Keep up the good work!
@MgoDefend Can you EVER leave race out of it??  Sen Scott is supporting righteousness not a race.
Alarm clock starts ringin' who could that be preaching' its Senator Scott, with your wake up call! Keep it up Sen Scott!
keep up the good work Tim your driving these blind ass liberals crazy !
@youngblackcon Keep the faith Senator Scott!
I think some attacks are unfair but filling the whitest cabinet swamp does not represent all of america.
You were outstanding yesterday n support of Jeff Sessions. Sorry u have 2deal w/the vile left, but u handle it w/ humor. <3
@youngblackcon This chick seriously blocked me when all I did was READ her tweet. I didn't even comment.
#ignoretheintolerables Keep up the good work in our great state of SC! #
Next !
Sorry you're getting so much hate, as a non party voter,a Trump voter & as A woman, name calling is a way of life, not fun @SenatorTimScott
as a woman who voted for Trump you have no credibility. Shame. Let him grab you, and see if it doesn't matter
Those who would prosecute bad words over illegal actions don't have a rational perspective.
.@SenatorTimScott melting #Snowflake just can't stand losing. I stand with you Senator Scott! 
Just shows your doing something right.  We fight the good fight, and you cant fight their ignorance.
Viva Senator Tom Scott!
God Bless You, Sir. 
- My Old motto. Don't fool with a fool. Love it that you're taking the high road with these fools.Thanks for all you do! SC
say it is not so young man
I'm disgusted by the attacks you're enduring.  You're a great man.  Thank you for standing up for what's right! #MAGA
So sorry you are having to hear these hateful rants from angry liberals. Thanks for all you do to make us #SCProud! #RiseUp
God bless and keep you, Senator Scott. It breaks my heart to hear all of the ugliness being thrown your way. Stand strong!
I am from Seattle and admire you so much! Stay strong!
you are a patriot and a true American. Keep defending our freedom as you have done. You are a man of integrity!
@MgoDefend I love you & thank you for being such a wonderful man. Keep up the great work.
put that fool in his place. "Big Tim"!
Wow. What a terrible human being. Great response Senator.
you did an awesome job standing by your convictions,even while being persecuted...You rock!!!!
So sad people have spoken to you with such disrespect & ugliness but you rose above it; sign of a good man & a great leader
You have a great day sir! Thank you for your service!
I'm curious if he really knows what it means or is just repeating what he heard...
very sorry you have to deal with racist individuals and such hatred. You are doing a great job!
the State and People of South Carolina are with you @SenatorTimScott .
Wow such hatred! Looks like some people need God in their life
Keep doing what you are doing. That's how you got from Northwoods Park to Senate! For the people and by the people!
Such hatred Senator from the Not so tolerent leftties"! They are unhinged! Keep up the good work!
is a class act and a true American patriot.  The media needs to promote proper values exemplified by T Scott!
so much hate from "tolerant liberals." God bless Senator Scott. 
don't be discouraged, keep up the fight for what is right! Black Republicans like me are so proud of you, thank you!!
(atheist) Voltaire: "I only had one prayer in life, 'O lord, make my enemies ridiculous.' And god granted it."
Nice 2 see a decent black MAN stand up 2 the hypocrite hateful backwards black culture. Their real anger is with themselves
when you have nothing of substance to say, you revert to name calling
What do you gain from retweeting these things? Aren't you just rewarding unacceptable behavior? Do you retweet for show?

This horrible response still does not justify you selling your vote for $49k.
This makes me sad
more hypocrisy from the true racists, the liberal left.
I don't know how you do it, #GodBlessYou for not being afraid to tell it like it is
is my senator
@mgodefend Mgo must not have read the book, UT was a Christ figure, most racist person is Abolitionist.
It is a shame what the "tolerant" left has on their minds. Always looking to divide us. Sad!
#I'mwithSenatorTimScott
NGO= racist
it's leaders like you that make me want to get out of liberal New York and move to south carolina
you are amazing keep being awesome Sen Scott!!
Classy, Senator.  I would have told this ... dimwit ...  to F*** off.  :)
Class.  We need more of it.
I'm proud of you and congratulate you for voting for current character of a man and not bowing to peer pressure.
you have a great day. Hold your head high and realize you have broken the stereo types. Keep up the good work.
Thank you for your service, I hope to live long enough to see you as our president  oneday!
idiots like Mgo live with hate, we need to do nothing to them, they are their own enemy! I Mgo you ballnchain is your hate
@MgoDefend It's sad to watch the left spew their hate and intolerance at you.  You are an honorable man.
I just want to say you have my respect, sir. When you have honor, integrity and discipline the HATERS hate.
thank you for taking a stand for America and speaking the truth. You have my utmost respect.
There is no such thing as a good radical. Radical liberals will ruin our country just as much as white supremacists do.
Contrary to what the Dems think, blacks DO have the right to think for themselves!  Tim Scott is a man of great integrity!
Great comeback!
Sick!
@Trump_Supporter @MgoDefend Wow!! What IS IT with you ppl?? Always have to use the race card & 99.9% it's not about race!!
Most experts agree that Trolls are narcissistic, sadistic psychopaths. Keep up your good work @SenatorTimScott and ignore the weirdos.
keep calling out these people.  Cyber bullying example at its finest!  #Tolerance ??
@Trump_Supporter @MgoDefend  thank you SEnator Scott  we appreciate you !!!!
keep up the good work
Class Sen.Scott never let anyone else determine who you are .You are who you were born to be Lead ON
As a White man but more important an American I am just so dang proud of you Please fix Obamacare(less) sooner than later
You're a Good man Tim!!!  Keep your head held high
wow
keep up the great work sir, Thank you for being a great leader! Keep your head up!!!
@MgoDefend I'm sure your more qualified and known more than Sen Tim. 

U need 2 wake up. Get off Twitter and get a job!
PLEASE ignore the ignorant- they can't help themselves-Stay strong 
funny how libs can onlyninsult and curse you when they disagree. #truecolors
liberalism is a mental disorder. Somehow placing labels on other humans empowers them. God bless you. America!!
High five to u sir.  Great response to all the feedback yesterday. Proud to have u on the team. Good day to u sir!!
Don't let those still stuck on the DEMO Plantation get you down.  I appreciate you and the job you do.  God Bless!!
you're inspiration To a lot of people. liberals are going to be hard on u but with the Lord by your side you can't go wrong
keep following your faith and your heart. You have a bright future.
I guess a Black Man cannot be a conservative. What a shame. Maybe smeday no color designation
Sorry you have been subjected to shameful behavior.  Please know a "deplorable" in Florida supports you.  Have a great day!
Thank you so much for all your hard work that you have done for all races
Sad I hate haters Mgo needs educated...
what time is it?  Time for the liberal leftists to get a grip and a job and stop looking for handouts. YOU ROCK Tim Scott!
Much love and gratitude to you Senator Scott, ignore the insanity, This too shall pass #MAGA
you're a good man and a great American sir. Don't anonymous cowards who won't even use their real names get you down!
im in England and absolutely appalled at the name calling and racist words of the left, their hypocrisy knows no bounds

Sickening scrolling through the comments.  So sorry Senator.
keep up the good work and stand your ground! I support you.
We stand with you. Sorry the liberals have shown just how racist they truly are if you disagree with them.
I am so sorry you have to put up with such ugly tweets from ugly people. You are a great man doing a great job. Stay strong
thank you Mr Scott for staying strong in your beliefs.  Thank u for your great service!  
you are on the side of God not man haters always going to hate
Keep the faith! As many haters as there are, we stand by you ten fold! Thank you for your courage! Conservatives need it!
you cannot spew hate toward my US Senator Tim Scott He is our representative in the Senate
These people are nothing but bullies, and you were so right yesterday with your comments on the floor. 0 tolerance!
so sorry there are many nasty, hateful, divisive people! I support you 100%! Keep fighting Sir! @realDonaldTrump support
I don't mince words. So again, "how does it feel to be the HHN"? (Head House Nigga) Answer the question...
Keep up the good work Senator. We real Americans respect and support you. Together we'll overcome the Left and their hatred
I think its clear to see who the real racists are. Sir, youre a man of honor & integrity. Dont waste your time on the sheep
We appreciate you Mr Scott!!
-you have a great life story, moral values & stand for truth. A true Patriot & God bless. 
Agreed. Although initially siding with @SenRubioPress over @POTUS was concerning.
< Quite sure that *MgoDefend is a pd #apparatchik of some #Soros rad group. Look @ ? his/her #'s & it's a new twitter acct.
How rude.
SO PROUD OF YOU - THESE PEOPLE HAVE NO LOVE IN THEIR HEARTS.. YOU ARE A GREAT REP OF SENATE - THANKS FROM BIG FAN
@liberty_grl You, Senator, are an inspiration! Please start a Bible study with @CoryBooker
I'm sorry you are dealing with the ignorance from the so misguided left...I've never seen this kind of hatered in my life!
You're probably used to these reponses by now, but I find them to be reprehensible. You're right on DeVos. Keep it up.
where is #letlizspeak - why isn't she condemning the racist Democrats? They are all over you for speaking out. @SenWarren
@AnnaHern77 Thank you Senator Scott for standing up to all the haters. There's no place in USA for these cowards.
The words from Mgo are unfounded in truth, reality or reason. The "world" of change 4 Mgo is between he/r ears. Ciao Uno
@MgoDefend Terrible false accusation!You Don't Deserve this Senator Scott. Aveda King defends You, so do I. Bless You
- LOL - you are a great sport, and obviously a good man.  Let it roll off...carry on!
I think all the hatred you're getting is a disgrace, and I'm not even a resident there! Just know some1 in WV has your back
The only man that feel like Uncle Tom is our 3/5 Compromise @POTUS, he now knows what it feel like to be a black man in 18C
Mr. Scott I'm sorry for the things that people are saying about you. It's not right my thoughts and prayers for you
thank you for being a great conservative American!
So sorry you have to be attacked by haters. Stay brave and strong!
Keep it classy, Senator!  I hope you'll consider running for governor. SC loves you!
@SpringSteps never let haters shake your confidence sir.  SC & the nation are standing by you side.
@SenWarren needs to read the racist tweets aimed at you from the people in her party. A lot of Democrats never evolved.
stand strong.
I'm so sorry such a honorable and dedicated man towards child education who be subjected to hatred, unbelievable!
P
"dedicated towards childrens education" yet endorses the ridiculous clueless and inexperienced DeVos??
Sure just go with what you've heard
Does resistance mean CLOSEMINDED?
Because that's what you people are
De Vos is too dumb to run a critical government department and we all know it
So I suppose you administered an intellectual test on her?  Thought NOT!
How do you know of her IQ?
she had a live confirmation hearing...made an ass out of herself..
Keep up
Yeah well, look who was asking the ?'s
Those libs ask the most ignorant questions, I watched. PROPAGANDA
the people of SC going to vote your ass out clown
I won't echo the ugly statements of some who oppose your votes on OUR behalf, but do know that I oppose them just as much
we must ignore the ignorance or just send them our blessings I feel sorry for the anger and unhappiness they live with
Disgusting intolerant liberal racists must be exposed! I am horrified by their hate! Who are these demons! LIBERAL RACISTS!
Stand firm Sir.....We support you!
Democrats!  How does it feel to be slave masters????
already agree with you, but seeing this makes me want to vote for you even more.
those hurling unfounded insults are irrelevant uninformed and have no substantive arguments.  Stay strong and true.
@MgoDefend Mpo You are disrespecting Senator Tim Scott He is a Good Man, He does NOT DESERVE this character assassination!
Courage to ignore legions in the I-am-aggrieved industry.Same fr womn: I am being shamed fr NOT mrching w/vagina on head.
you can't possibly think that DeVos is going to fix public schools in SC. She couldn't care less about public schools.
Thank you for taking the high road! You're an inspiration to all of us!
Stay strong Senator Scott, so many are supporting you we will outnumber the haters. I'm sure you will have a long career 
I am sorry you have to put up with the abuse. There is no civility left.
