Hey Tim if you and Linsey don't stop impeding the presidents progress we will bring you home
Reduce Waste, Limit Personal Deduction ($2.6k/yr. Ea.), credits including ALL Child Care credits to U.S. Citizens ONLY. No Visa , DACA, etc.
Problem is Reps cut US revenues, which leads to recession.  

Hitler chased the best and brightest out of Europe - now chase them back?
Reduction of taxes and wasteful expenditures have NEVER caused a recession but has expanded the economy & $$ availability.
Name the Rep admin. that did end in recession since at least JFK?

Provide the data link that supports the *trickle down* notion?
It doesn't have to be trickle anything. If you earn it, you keep it. ANTI-wealth redistribution. The Free Market raises ppl out of poverty.
I was born and raised in SC, trust me I know what its called.
I listen, and live, among these Rep's philosophical notions everyday that drives the economy into the dirt every other 8-yrs.
I don't believe this to be true.
There's a BIG difference between big corporations & our little S corp. We need a tax cut.
Did you also note the deductions you took ??

Every Rep admin. cuts US revenues, which ends in *recession*.
Worry about healthcare first.  Dead people don't pay taxes, Senator.
huge difference between tax reform and tax cut for the 2%ers.
That's the usual repub double talk: tax cuts, not for you but believe we r talking about you long enough so we get our way
If only SC's Senator cared as much about South Carolinians as they do about the Koch Bros and tRump our state would see a lot more growth.
There's a reason welfare States stay welfare States.
Yes take loopholes away from Corp give little business cuts and middle-class that grows economy not cuts to wealthy and Corp
PLEASE DM ME RIGHT AWAY if your looking for #funding or #capital for your present or future #startup or #venture
By tax reform you mean more tax breaks for the wealthy??!
Cut them taxes Mr. Scott
Cut them US revenues Mr. Scott. 

US love recessions!
I am a small business owner. Graham-Cassidy will kill my patients and my ability to provide ins for my staff
Yea, true.  1/6 of economy will be impacted heavily if #GrahamCassidyBill passes.
Here is best way to encourage growth
Sen Scott stand up with John McCain and stop this madness
BUSINESS DOESN"T AGREE THAT GOP'S "TRICKLE DOWN" TAX REFORM WILL HELP WORKERS, ONLY ENRICH OWNERS
@SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake ur shove it down our throat "Health Care Bill" is actually part of your TAX bill? Not ready no good
Where’s your outrage about what Ellison said about dreamers. You can’t believe that they are being treated like Hitler treated the Jews.
God asks for 10% first fruits who is this govt to ask for more
Repeal &replace. Go to work
Get the child out of the White House
LOVE @SenatorTimScott
S18 is a bill already written and waiting for a vote.
Koch brothers say no more money unless Republicans take away people's health care and give tax cuts to the wealthy.

AND YOU ARE A WOMBAT!
Trickle down economics never works. I'm a small business owner too. This is bad for American families. History shows that. Rich get richer.
We know #Gop #taxreform #taxis giving tax cuts to the rich & taking away tax deductions from middle class!Nothing 2 do with small business!
I'm a #smallbiz owner and have to spend more to understand how much I have to send away. Something isn't right. #taxreform
You either need a new Quickbooks or a new accountant. Not that difficult for small business. This is a break for big ones.
Keep working hard...you are doing a great job!
Would like the ability to buy across state lines or to join 'a group.' I am all for reforming the tax code and giving small business a cut.
Senator - I appreciate your hard work! I am all for the states getting their own block grant monies.
You know what stifles growth more than tax  codes for small business? Health insurance costs!!!!!!!
I agree, Sen. Scott.  However cutting retirement plan tax breaks so the ultra rich can get tax cuts will not help!
Tax cuts for corporations & most wealthy also hurt American families.  So why do you support them? Why are you hurting us w/ #GrahamCassidy
Oh they didn't dare to give TAX  CUTS to CORPORTATIONS & RICH,  WELL when BRAIN MATTER IS MISSING. It is what it IS OUTRAGIOUS!!!!
Senator You are way too smart to be a Republican!! Please change parties!
Small businesses like myself and my husband's small business are just that - small. We are not a large corporation.
but the proposed healthcare will kill anyone with a pre-existing medical condition
Yes you was. Now you're a government parasite.
This is where the GOP needs a win.

Globalists want it complex in order to hide their fraud.  Just simplify and reduce.   It's really that simple. End Congressional corruption!
Should! Deregulation with crony capitalism => voodoo economics. As a small biz owner, I need answers to this bid process to taxpayers 
Would no health care costs #singlepayer benefit small business?
Tax ALL businesses appropriately, even mega corps
The complicated part is not the http://problem.Giving  http://corp.tax  breaks.they get breaks already.The 1% should not pay less.
#TaxationIsTheft Private property is essential to liberty.
Show us THE tax returns and then we can discuss tax reform. #ImpeachTrump

Tim Scott, please step away from your photo ops and listen to the people.
tax cuts are not tax reform
I  this guy....
Yeah? Was it so detrimental that it swayed you from being a business owner? No? Then shut up. People are dying out here. Need #SinglePayer.
You are so right and the computerized system in SC doesn't make it any easier.
#FAIRtax You might have noticed the bill in the House and Senate for the 10 years that solves this problem
Very little of the tax code affects truly small businesses.  Most of it affects big multinational corps. Smokescreen.
As a small business owner myself, yeah. What John said. My taxes ain't hard. This is for large corps, not me.
I don't know what the he'll there is to argue about here lower taxes all around no more suspicious regulations what's not to like?
Should being the key word... GOP proposal?  Not so much...
#FAIRtax needs to be on  the table,
It does the exact opposite. It crushes any impetus for growth. It supresses any impulse toward betterment and fosters only mediocrity.
Thank you @senatortimscot for representing ALL of us!
PLEASE THINK OF THE FOLKS YOU REPRESENT & VOTE "NO" ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY.   SIGNED A SCARED CONSTITUENT.
I appreciate Tim Scott you really seem to do your homework! You also keep at your job relentlessly! We are tired of those that attack Trump!
When will you talk to Corp and people that will benefit from capital gain
And if you gave working people tax breaks it would have given you more customers which would grow your business
