Mr. Senator, Mr. Honorable Senator, please, how $150.00/yr will help the McD's workers improve their lives when they can't afford ACA?
No it wont, why do you lie to your constituents.  We are at full employment and companies are rolling in the dough.. DONT LIE #Loser
This is hard to believe. Where is the breakdown of how this will help middleclass. Don't just tell us...Show us
Like Joe Wilson, you lie! The Republican plan takes from the middle class and gives to the rich. WE KNOW!
You are done.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha....
You lie. Time to replace you
The #TrumpTaxScam explodes the deficit to give tax breaks only to very wealthy. #StopYoLies
It seems to me you have forgotten the you were elected to represent the people of South Carolina, not the GOP, PLEASE START DOING THAT JOB.
No. It won't. It's a handout to the rich and a hammer brought down on the poor. Shame on you.
In essence, this is propaganda of the ruling class. They want workers to think that all good things come from capital, rather than labor.
The result being the ideology that to squeeze the profits of the corporations equals harming workers.

This is all lies.
Say whatever you want about #Taxreform . Only, it’s all lies. No proof from long history of changes.Lies,like everything POTUS said debating
#TaxationIsTheft
Unfortunately you spout the repub lie n never mention that it is primarily a tax cut for the rich! SAD
IN YOUR WORLD OF ALTERNATIVE REALITY, SURE. IN THE REAL WORLD, WHY LIE TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE?  WE DESERVE AND DEMAND MORE RESPECT!
How can you speak on this when we pay every tax known to man in South Carolina
Start with you State first dude
Where were you during the 70s? Trinkle down doesn't work!
1Taxes on employee health insurance 2Unable to claim mortgage interest 3. Unable to claim state taxes Boost us into poverty Thank you
Timmy,  please wake up! We "Color Folks" need you. Please, please, hear my call. We are dying from political neglect. Ooh you do belong!#sad
I wish I believed that the middle class would benefit enough that it really made a difference.
Pay attention, unemployment is no longer at high levels. Don't give rich people another tax cut. Invest in our crumbling infrastructure.

Nice to see another 3% growth is quarter! The liars have been proven wrong again!
Senator Scott keep up the good work!
Middle class tax rate 2013 12.8%. 1983 17.5%. WAGES ARE TOO LOW. Train for new jobs and raise wages! We are watching you now more than ever
Not the proposal on the table right now. It would be nice to really see a real significant change from corporate relief to family relief.
No tax release. No tax reform.
If that's US citizens' jobs, that's the reason that guarantees many congressmen bought & paid 4 by the US Shamber of Commerce won't pass it!
Bullshit. Stock dividends will rise, executive  bonuses will soar, automation will increase,  more foreign workers will be hired. 
Liar it is a tax cut for the rich. What is it going to take to get that moron out of the white house. #25amendmentnow
Too, bad Sen. Scott does not read what we have say. For once tell us exactly what these tax cuts will do for retirees and seniors.
While paying for the tax cuts for the rich with middle class dollars. Got it. #GTFOH
And you gave the ability to fly. Just another trickle down economics sales job.
Have you played golf with Donnie? You too have so much in common - both are building your bank accounts at our expense. You have no idea!
you sound foolish. stop embarrassing yourself. You don't believe that.

Mr. Trump forgot to tell these truckers in Pennsylvania that only the top 0.2% of Americans would benefit by repealing the estate tax. 
You tell many lies.....
Stop talking and start doing! Sick of the bs
Can you check the math on that sir? Seems not to help middle class much at all, am I missing something?
You know this not true.
I'm a constituent Senator. Please explain what exactly the tax reform looks like and how it will increase jobs?
Nope. It's not.
And we are supposed to buy potus giving his buddies tax breaks will help us all? Stop thinking we are all that gullible! Shame
Tax cuts= closing federal agencies & cutting services.
No it won't. Please stop w/cutting taxes for the rich will create jobs. Creativity, innovation & entrepreneurship creates jobs.
Never. Worked. Before.
Please be sure! Do not take away Medicare or SS benefits that we worked a lifetime to earn or raise taxes to further diminish our income.
Do you REALLY believe that? ‘Cuz I don’t just like I don’t believe the Health debacle will help anyone
God willing and senate acquiescing! Thank you Senator Scott.
I'll believe it when I see it.  Your "Tax Reform" = Tax Cuts for the Wealthy.  Just like the GOP health care proposals.
Tax reform,  10% flat tax across the board!
I really don't think your soul is worth it.  #my2cents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKCvf8E7V1g …  Tax cuts for the rich won't improve the economy. Watch this and learn.
Uncle Tim. Your tax reform is not going to do that at all.  It will help your big donors and pals the Koch Bros to a multi billion windfall.
Tim Scott AND Donald Trump think you're too stupid to know better. Or too lazy to find out they are lying.
Let's see the data, not just spin.

And is Trump right that base too stupid to understand how his tax cuts for rich & ACA subsidy cuts hurt THEM? https://twitter.com/shadowingtrump/status/920040187870277632 …
Do you really believe this GOP crap? If  you want to help America, speak the truth, no matter what it costs you.
BULLSHIT. OMG! LOL Who's still listening to these lies and believing them? OMG! Go back to bed, will you?
Need a break
That would be very nice. Will think good thoughts.
Dream on. The plan benefits people with millions in annual income. Are you one of those? Why are you still in SC?
How will it do that?  Corps have more cash now than they ever have before and wages fairly stagnant.  Giving them more cash raises wages?
I sure hope so!
