Will you please release the so called indisputable proof of a gas attack and it being carried out by Assad? Pardon me if im skeptical #Iraq
Why didn't you support Obama when he went to Congress?  What's the urgency now? Trump's approval too low?  Anyway, now that we have taken
action, will you let refugees in?
Hell no
Hell yes!  A humanitarian mission requires follow-up.....aid to refugees.  Trump MIGHT get some bipartisan support if he finishes the job.
Provide them a protected space in their country. I agree we need to help, but not here, they don't assimilate & can't b vetted.
Women and babies don't need to be vetted.  They do assimilate and research indicates that immigrant communities are now safer than American
communities.  They go into bad neighborhoods, buy homes and businesses and turn violent inner-cities into thriving communities.
As long as its a Muslim community. I have friends in Michigan that say their hoods r no go zones. Don't walk your dog near them
Obama tried to do something about it and was FORBIDDEN BY CONGRESS. Those dead people are on you.
Thank you Sir.
Did you say this when Obama asked you for approval? There is something wrong with you lot. Deeply.
As expected from a GOP foot soldier. Crawl from hole to support positive news. Hunker down even if  democracy is threatened for bad news.
What about the gut-wrenching photos of refugees turned away at American airports by your party's Muslim ban?
Hard to believe that the Prez' PR stunt had the effect of killing an innocent family of ants on the edge of a runway. Otherwise, zero damage
"continue" to develop a strategy? Or create one in the first place?
You are a disappointment. Was this investigated? Now the terrorists took advantage of strikes to attack Maradeh, a Christian town.
Thank you Mr.Scott and thank President Trump it's about time we had a real commander and Chief  not a bag of air with empty words
But only a good idea if a Republican does it? Smh
what is the source of your intelligence senator? What have our marines been doing in syria since 3/9?
So Asad's child victims before this week didn't count? Sorry, Senator, I call BS. You're enabling trump's destructive, foolish policies.
How do you feel about the fact that he called Putin and informed him BUT NOT THE US CONGRESS?!  You're aligning yourself with a traitor.
1. When was this confirmed? 
2. When did this happen before? Pretty sure it was disproved last time... Right?
If Obama did this without Congressional vote...Republicans would be crying "overreach", "unconstitutional"!So I say the same about #trump!!!
no love for assad at all, but assad didnt do this. cia paid rebels to do it. videos of them staging this stuff.definitely not the first time
Isn't it barbaric not to allow those gassed children as refugees in the US? R u aware that base is fully functional still?
Well said.   Proud to have you reoresent us, Senator
Why do you suddenly care about them? You didn't before. If you care so much, let them come here.
It was a surprise to me.  I did not know the United States was attacked by Syria and failed to read congressional authorization.
Didn't see chemical weapon pics during Obama's time? You've seen Trump's plan? Oh, and airbase is still operational.
JUST IN: Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside - Syrian observatory for human rights
I don't think it is our damn place to get involved in their civil war
YAWN! So, when the people were trying to flee their country, where was the compassion?  MISS ME WITH THIS OLD COPY AND PASTED BS!
Any idea where can we see the evidence that Assad was that stupid? He gains NOTHING from this attack. #SyriaGasAttack probably #falseflag
What about the children of Sandy Hook? Have you tried to prevent guns being sold to people on watch list? Do you support background checks?
Americans have lost faith in IC to supply @POTUS unfiltered, reliable info. 

#DeepState agenda is antithetical to Trump admin and #MAGA
And where were you when the photos of 1400 were shown to us in 2013? You're a hypocrite!
Thank you Senator
Do not spread this lie! 2013 attack was never proven to be Assad, “rebels” (al-Qaeda, et.al.) HAVE been proven to be using sarin! #SyriaHoax


We expect no less than a cosign from you Scottie. Is that what you were told to say?
China kills children all the time why not bomb them. Hell why not bomb every country and we'll have everything to ourselves
you care about children?  Stop the abortions here in South Carolina.  #silentscream
prove the Assad regime did this?   Lies
Warmongering neocon.
Hey Wendy, why don't you invite them over to stay at your house then!! Since you're all for it!
Thanks senator for support @POTUS
Why aren't you asking the President why he informed Russia before Congress about this strike?
Thanks mate, I can see you guys experts in barbaric attacks. From Vietnam to Syiria, right?
It would b nice if 1 of our allies bombed  the same time. Taking full responsibility is a terrorist act, but this had 2 B  delt with.
THANK YOU TIM!!
My Senator expressing it so well! Great Work Senator Scott and team!
No doubt you war mongers are happy this morning! Make sure you are attendance when the caskets start coming home!
"America First" to shoot missles
What about the chemical attacks on babies in the womb here in America. Do they not count?
@SenatorTimScott Thank you, Senator Scott! I would also love to see China held responsible for human rights violations! God bless you, Sir!
Then you and the Congress should vote on it. It is *literally* your job. A statement is nothing. Vote.
Great job in the Senate ,I agree ,go cocks!
This has only been "confirmed" by the same intel that has been wrong AND proven to be corrupt for the last 20 years. Wag the dog.
Excellent statement, thank you for your leadership on this, @SenatorTimScott
what about the atrocities in South Sudan?
Thank you, Sen. Scott for your strong support, leadership, courage & service. God bless you & God bless America!  2 Timothy 1:7 #NoFearHere
what about the refugees?! You can't pretend you support those children if you do not support accepting them here.
Yes you can. By funding safe zones...over there.
@azlongof4 I'm sure that thought helps you sleep at night but safe zones do not equal whole, functioning homeland w/ real opportunities/life
LMBO you do realize there are numerous countries in real conflicts. We can't take everyone. $20T debt...hello! But you can go there and help
But I thought the last administration had cleared Syria of 100% of its chemical weapons. So where did these come from? Or was Kerry lying?
Thank you Sen Scott, I do support our President on this and thank you for your support 
TY Sen. Tim Scott
Thank u
A response of equal proportions.  How many innocent children did we kill?
Do you support allowing Syrian refugees into the US to escape such "barbaric attacks against humanity"?
He supports taking ACTION against those who choose to not only terrorize their own people but threaten the rest of the world. Problem?
... and the evidence, that this was Assad's doing? It makes absolutely no sense what so ever.
Are you following? They caught the aircrafts leaving that air base, circling target area, and returning to that air base. Keep up
America 2nd!
