wow I hope someone votes you out . You're clueless ,step inside a public school
Tim - please disregard the foolish statements of these misguided souls, your position is the correct one. God Bless!
Betsy DeVos hasn't spent 13 minutes in one. She cannot help our children. Vote no, sir. (Yes, I've bugged cornyn and cruz)
THANK you for your hard work and for standing up! I have a lot of respect for you!
So work to make all public schools great. Charter and vouchers only drain the system. Ask Oakland. #DumpDeVos
you may have been to them but you are NOT listening to teachers like me! VOTE NO!! #DumpDevos
by using public money for public schools! Not giving it away to private schools to help families who can already afford it.
Charter schools are public schools. You people don't know what you're talking about. @SenatorTimScott
Very true,remember that when you vote on DeVos & her complete lack of qualifications except for the $10,800 pd you by DeVos
Parents should be able to chose which schools their children should go to! And get rid of Common Core!  Vote DeVos
I voted for you twice now and you have made South Carolina proud. Thank you for supporting school choice.
#SC time to get a real Senator of the people to replace @SenatorTimScott, he isn't the #Patriot we thought he would be. #VoteHimOut
Pub school teacher who supports DeVos. Free market makes better products - ed too!  my kids & want their best! God bless!
If you truly wanted ALL kids to get a great education, you wouldn't have voted to confirm DeVos. #noDevos #AllMeansAll
@Tamaraw68415067 you epitomize a southern gentleman, sir. thank you for your grace, patience, & continued efforts for all.
that great education even your great job doesn't prevent you from being profiled does it?  Kids can be great until racism..
I want all kids to get a quality education,&I believe in school choice.Private school vchrs will decrease tax$ 4 public sch
think some are bad now? we'll see what happens when you start taking $/resources/teachers from public schools for charters
Charter's don't take resources from public schools they are public schools. My kids learning more at Charter with less money.
your kids are lucky, but schools that control entrance and aren't held to the same accountability standards aren't truly public
I've studied this for 15 years. School choice is necessary, Unions and the money cycle between libs needs to end.
@bheck54 have you visited Michigan to speak to the students and teaches of her failing plans? Her job is about all cities.
I think your comments are rude. Senator scott wants good schools for all kids.
u r worried about plagiarizing? How abt majority of kids graduating and they can't read or write?
where are these mysterious illiterate grads...? Would be a concern, but I've never heard of them
use Google u'll find a bunch of cities just pushing out diplomas
largest estimate I've found is 20%. Awful if accurate, but still not a majority.
seriously 20% that's too many. We need open conversations on this and change!
it is! Hope I'm proven wrong about Devos and she fixes problems instead of exacerbating them...
Agreed! Too many kids deserve better!
@bheck54 He received $49,200 to vote for DeVos. Search for it online. It's all out there. He's bought and paid for.
thank you!! It's so obvious. It's not about views, it's about money !
Don'tet the bastids get you down. You're on the #RightTrack
The only reason I would not vote for you as Senator, is to vote for you as President. Keep up the extraordinary work.
nice to know our special needs kids will be pushed aside. #sarcasm
We won't. We love Our senator Tim Scott.
by all you mean disabled too right? Ohh .. wait you don't care about them. I have an I.D.E.A. ... vote no on DeVos!
DeVos will defund PS, and can't answer basic questions on accountability. Good to stick with yr principles, but I disagree.
For the sake of all children NO on DeVoss.  Did she contribute to your campaign?  PAY to PLAY.  Be a man and stand up
then you should know @BetsyDeVos is unfit. Make the right choice for the people you represent-the people who supported you!
And received the SC mandated "minimally adequate" education.
, Sen Scott you are a true American , we love you and pray for you.
can you please take @LindseyGrahamSC to the woodshed and teach him some backbone? Thanks. 
you have zero solution for the mass population you represent. Your proposal doesn't fix the cracked foundation
many major Universities and Colleges even those in SC won't recruit in SC because students are so ill prepared.
so you know over a 1/3rd of South Carolinians are functionally illiterate. Rank in the bottom 5 for educational attainment
how about looking out for people not party
it seems some think you are from a privileged background.
thank you for standing up for what you believe in and your service to South Carolina!
I stand strong for Tim Scott!! It's Lindsey Graham that needs to be replaced!
@bheck54 I did too, Senator, and got a great education.   We all win when we can make every available school great
never getting voted out!only up!
Stand Strong Tim Scott...  #endCommieCore
our family's got your back! Thank you for your service!
you're a class act! Thank you for what you do, for who you are, and for what you stand for. We need more politicians like u
You are awesome
by forcing them to go to charter and private schools?
@bheck54 attending school does not make you an education expert #noDeVos
True, but the focus should be on public schools. That's where the majority of kids go/ government money.
Do you ever get tired from "sonning" people on Twitter all day? Hope not, because I rather enjoy it. #Senate
Then you wouldn't be voting in DeVos. Actions > words.
We need caring teachers. Raised 2 kids in public schools. Have seen teachers that shouldn't be there. $$ is not the answer.
I bet Heckmoney does not live in inner city.  School choice is needed if the school is failing basic education for children
keep up the great work! You've got my vote still!
glad to see you stand up to people that it only want to promote lies & discourse our schools are in need of Real help
I'm a South Carolinian,thank you for your stand on school choice.Public school in the area is awful,kids deserve better
She doesn't even have an education degree. Another unqualified Trump nomination
except for DeVos it's an either/or proposition. Not both. Charters win. Education is not a free market. Don't make it one.
had no idea that visiting a school makes you an education specialist.  You are abandoning public schools with greed.
and the way to do that is fully fund ALL SCHOOLS
you lie. #boughtbybetsy
@bheck54 wish senators n my state cared about public school. We have a pipeline to prison here. State ignores my advocacy.
@bheck54 senator Scott = wise leader and a true patriot. you're passionate about all children getting a Quality education
@bheck54 wow so soon do they forget what great things you've done while in office. Libs forget and attack.
We're trying.  All DeVos is going to do is take our $$ away, making it even harder for poor kids. What is wrong with you?
u know she was caught copying before her hearing today. How do you justify ur decision?  Just because she gave u $?
Please do not support DeVos' nom. Experience IN education is the only way to make sound decisions FOR education
@bheck54 State funding for SC schools is 10% lower than 2008 Cuts per student is almost 6% and rural schools get less help
I am SC voter, rest assured, I will be working hard to get you voted out of office. #SCSenatorForSale
it's about the money! Should recuse from vote on anyone who gave you $$$$$
Did u pay attention to hearing?Grossly incompetent re: knowledge & no leadership skill. Qualified - largest Repub donor. $$
that won't happen now
Agreed Senator Scott! I attended great public schools, and I taught public for 15+ years. Great public schools exist! 
well said, Senator!!
We love Tim! We're keeping him !!!!!
Thank you for fighting for the kids.  You are doing a great job.
You were in public school many years AGO.
as a mother, veteran, military spouse and US citizen, vote no on #DeVos
thank you senator for supporting education and in praising schools you praise their teachers and students
13 yrs for me, & 4 years at state college, but after her disastrous hearing and now she's plagiarized too? Please vote no!
That's a failure of SC DO really think the donald and his posse of sycophants care about rural schools here? Devos doesn't
actually what Dems care abt the school? Obama was in office for 8 yrs if he was great why the problems still
Ever hear McConnell say their job was to block anything he wanted to do? Fox will rot your brain
u ppl blame everyone else. Obama had house and senate and did nothing for schools stop ur insanity
I usually don't respond to people who write like their hair is one fire  I'm done now #alternativefactsarenotfacts
I love proving ppl wrong.
Who did you do that to?
Since you're replying to people on Twitter today, how do we get a Town Hall scheduled in Charleston?
@bheck54 Wish I could vote for you.  Live in another state but really admire you.
I think you are doing a great job.
SC appreciates you! You are doing a great job!
thank you Sir for your Leadership - so very proud you represent us - Blessings and Shalom
I'll vote for you next time you run!
