Lowers taxes for the wealthy on the backs of middle class. Stop the BS propaganda. We're not buying it.
Nothing in the proposal helps families living paycheck to paycheck. Increase the earned income tax credit.
And corporations have plenty of $. So much that they're buying back their stock. They won't pay or hire more.
What?!
What a pile of  !!!

Show us some economist data on that lie.
Uh how? Trinkle down never has worked.

...for the already extremely wealthy...
I want this tax reform to pass!
And cut Medicaid, and ACA tax breaks. Just a few "hidden" items. To cover the debt this tax reform will cause.
You get a bigger pay check not us. It's clear as day you don't care about your constituents. #voteemout #dumptrump #dumpscott
Quarters to you. Dollars of debt for your kids to carry on their backs. A vote for Repub tax reform is a vote against your child's future.
That, sir, is a big fat lie!
And yet 80% of the tax cut goes to the top 1%. Oh what a tangled web we weave. Politricksters tricking the people.
Nope.
Tax reform for the wealthy 1%. No one I know qualifies - not in my SC - but you already knew this. Just doing what you are told.
No, no it won’t.  It drastically cuts #Medicaid #Medicare to pay for HUGE break on 1% & corporations.  #TellTheTruth #DoYourResearch
This has NEVER happened. Trickle Down Economics is a dupe. Stop lying to the American people.
I'd rather hear you talk about gun control and making our country safe.
Don't think so.
I guess we will all ignore Kansas......
And with that extra $1,000, you can buy a car or remodel your kitchen.......
Please stop. You are embarrassing yourself
I was a single mom and paid thousands in federal tax. I am middle income. I was tax poor. I have been screwed by the current federal tax.
Oh please don't worry about us.  We are all so concerned about you top 1% donors...just like you.  Stop lying.
I do not believe you Sir. So far the evidence and experts say the contrary.  Please provide the evidence and specific details.
Then why are you showing us a plan that makes the super rich mega rich and the poor destitute? This plan sucks in every way. Why do this?
Lies
Really?  Are we reading the same document?
If congress will get off their fat butts and pass something!
When pigs fly will you be believable.
untrue statement.
Not true. The GOP needs to stop all the lying and stealing and govern.
Boo! Lies!!!!!
At what cost.
Tim I respect you, how can you say that when 80% of the tax cuts will go to the top 1% and the average American will get 11 dollars a week
Do you offer a written guarantee for that assertion?
30 percent hike for half of the middle class, great job dopey
Republican tax proposals take away from working people to fatten up the rich. We are not fools.
There is one reply in support of this tweet, Senator. Listen to South Carolina.
Why bundle this with enormous cuts for the richest? We still need roads and education. Not fair that @realDonaldTrump saves billions. @POTUS
No, it will not do what you say. Read details. Listen to the economists. Plz act to help working families! This tax proposal is devious.
Respectfully, your priorities are "out of whack." Where's Puerto Rico's aid package?  Where's gun reform? Where's ACA bipartisan HC reform?
How very kind of you to promote your party’s #PlanB for #wealth transfer from #MainStreet to #WallStreet since your attack on #ACA failed
Trickle down economics does not work, has never worked, and will never work. The American Rich are too greedy. Can you say deficit?
All signs point that your tax 'reform' will only benefit rich people. 90% of tax cuts go to top 1%. That will not help every day families.

Why the fuck you lying
“The belief that cutting taxes raises revenue is the hallmark of charlatans and cranks”  Greg Mankiw  Republican Economist.
FairTax!
Show me the #in detail.just don't say it is.
Nice.  Now do something about gun control!  Now!  Not next year or next month, now!  This has to stop.  And it’s up to Congress!!!
No it won't. You remove individual deductions and raise the tax bracket. Stop lying.
Bigger paychecks is  lie.  Will cause debt to rise exponentially.  Grow a set Tim and be a leader.
I’m just curious when you researched this out because the nonpartisan Tax Foundation says you’re not being truthful.
yer lyin an ya know it.  Economists have evaluated this plan and it adds trillions to the debt (you are a debt hawk!), and taxes poor, Shame
Where's the proof? Stop lying.
#ZeroTax30K #MoreTakeHomePay
No. Poor get v small benefit, families >$750k get +8.5% in take home, upper mid class pays MORE http://tpc.io/2hCF1G9  via @TaxPolicyCenter
You value out of state donors over S.C. voters.
Return SCANA and NRA money.
How about campaign finance reform?
How will you fill hole in the budget? Don’t think you can balance it by stripping Medicaid and Medicare.
In what world do you live in must in gop fair land
Lowering the corporate revenue is not good for GDP either
Tim, FYI lowering the top rate is bad for the non-1%
What about in a few years...?
Interesting.
You should be talking  about Gun Control in this Country but I guess just like some in your party you could care less too
Please stop thinking your constituents are so stupid they can't fact check. This is a tax cut for the wealthiest people.
Proof? All evidence is to the contrary. I'm so disappointed in your support of this (amongst other things). Listen to your constituents.
Tim, can we just get it done?
Get what done? A tax cut for billionaires? Awesome.
Does it benefit more for middle class or top 1%?
