I think you especially might want to condemn White Nationalists, the KKK, Richard Sterling and David Duke. Your Beloved POTUS won't.
Not sure Sen. Scott needs you to recommend who or what he condemns.
Are you familiar with how a democracy works?
United me must stand
Domestic terrorists groups like the kkk, nazi party, alt right, and white nationals should have no place in America. The world is watching
Hey Tim...still waiting for you to call out the terrorists at Black Lives Matter...
Oh no you don't! Republican Regime owns this. This is YOUR party & YOUR rallying cry. Republican Regime, White Supremacy are 1 in the same.
How about saving the lecture for all members of House and Senate. Hate exudes from the pores of most in DC.
Ill believe u when u call out ur president for not disavowing white supremacists
Yes it must start at the top
Followed you.  But funny, I have two brothers Tim and Scott.
You know he left out white supremacists in an attempt to normalize trumps speech.  What a spineless hack.
Well said senator!
That's a start, but call it what it is: #WhiteSupremacy #terrorism
Yes, area white guy lecuring the black man on white supremacy.
Based on your retweets, this makes no sense.
You are just another RINO do nothing.  Why not condemn ALL VIOLENCE, like @realDonaldTrump?
You have voted in lockstep for agenda of a president who is a racist sexual predator. What have you done to protect civil rights?
Time to coalesce Reps of color @GOP to quell the discord, investigate Antifa and BLM contingents
BLM is a raciest group too. Don't call out one group and let another slide.
Great words, now you and your GOP sneators take action and condemn the words coming from your president daily.
Smells like Soros
I live in SC and I pray Tim Scott and Lindsey Graham are voted out of office because they support the behavior of Trump.
Nope. Just one is (hint, it's the one that says "Heil Trump" & accessorize with schwastikas
You have to be the biggest Uncle Tom I've ever met in my life
Then support our POTUS. Stop the hate.
I dont believe u couldve issued a more cowardly & sheepish message even if u have tried. have u heard of @VanJones68 ?
Does seems appropriate for you to "name names".  Otherwise, you're just tip-toeing around the core issue
True. Tearing down history is a Nazi tactic. Snow flake mayor should look in his mirror.
Except for the fact that you wholeheartedly support 2 of the most racist men in Washington #trump & #Sessions 
We see you & WILL remember 
Then stop standing by the idiot who condones it #trump #WhiteSupremacists
As one of your voters...when will you be investigating the role of George Soros funded institutions in leftist fascist violence in the USA?
Unity! Please tell your fellow Senators GOP & DEMS to stop politicizing Race. God doesn't make garbage, people do! #Charolettesville
We should stand together with ACLU, which has filed a civil rights lawsuit against Charlottesville for officials' police stand-down order.
The Dem mayor sought to enable violence for political purposes.  Here's the ACLU civil rights lawsuit:
You should denounce the true cause of this act since @realDonaldTrump won't - the KKK, white supremacist & David Duke #charlotesville
True, but why do politicians pander to racial groups in their campaigns instead of leaving race out of their political game plan?
Trump is dividing this country. Call it what it is. It is the KKK and other crazy white groups. This is Trumps main supporters.
Thank you. I could not agree more. Wish POTUS shared our views. His support of the alt-right is concerning.
This is SOROS PAID FOR death and destruction. WHY don't you "Republicans" grow some balls and call this    Terrorist subsidizer OUT?
You might want to condemn antifa since they were the ones who started it.
George Soros is the source. Investigate him!
Electing an idiot for President means the idiots are dancing on the street. A country full of weapons in the hands of Nazis - good luck.
Wishful thinking TS.  Pass the bong
You support their leader.  Only 8 months of trump and are on the brink of nuclear war and the kkk on the march. Time 2 Stand up or shut up.
Whatever. As a black senator is this the best you can do?
Thank you Senator.
Second place for House Ni**er of the year is Tim Scott.
You should direct your PRESIDENT to this tweet.
However, we happen to have elected a Nazi president.
Sounds like both sides were from out of state.  Could be paid fake protestors wanting to cause chaos.
Thank you, Uncle Tom, for those insightful words of wisdom. #i_vote_however_GOP_tells_ me
Thank you for that message.
One can not enter the gates of heaven with hate in his/her hearts . Can't say you're a Christian like this. Heaven has no dividers...
We actually elected a man who's sole purpose was and is to divide the country by hate

I love it!!... GOOD STUFF!
@PARISDENNARD
White supremacists, Neo-Nazis and anti-Semites are the antithesis of our American values. There are no other "sides" to hatred and bigotry.
so what are you gonna do about it?
Yes you are right. Now only if Trump would condemn Neo Nazis and KKK.
Are you ready to admit the man you helped put into office and his attorney General need to go
It was white people it's your damn Soros antifa
Thank Obama&Dems - divide&create chaos.thank their dear friend Soros4funding. Stop trying to recreate history by destroying monuments&flags
I do hope this tweet is not the only action you will be taking, time to have a serious talk with your party about where you stand with this
We are divided! Face it! If you want to help, STOP supporting Trump who is enabling all this white supremacist violence!
Excellent comment.
That's great talk Senator but the reality is the agenda being pushed by the far left nut jobs is going get them killed.
Senator Scott has the right idea and you sound like a typical hater from the far left, scary!
No offense but your party elected a known bigot & racist, only way to save GOP & stymie this extremism is to denounce trump.
You are who you associate with. And you associate with White Supremacists. #charlottesville
That is a horrible accusation. What proof do you have? If you have none, u are a very rotten person.
You & your cronies add fuel to fire of their torches, then you spout platitudes. Talking out both sides of your neck. We don't believe you
Your hands are dirty with the stain of this, Senator. You are complicit.
Umm. A little weak, Sen. Scott.
Thank you for your much stronger statement I just saw on Facebook.
#domesticterrorism #WhiteSupremacists #TrumpsAmerica
You need to qualify the type of racism at play here ...  "White Supremist" racism...
It seems like a senator who is Black might want to condemn the KKK and Nazis.  You do know that those white men don't respect you, right?
We need a LOVEin! And to stop this identity politics. I LOVE ALL PEOPLE until they hurt or disrespect.
you cape for white racists lol
How bout if we stop 'standing together' & actually investigate, prosecute people who incite, create violence? Time for action, not standing
Do you consider chopping babies into pieces inciting violence?
you're off script. we're talking about people getting mowed down, killed by white supremacists. is that not violence, or doesn't that count?
You condone one and abhor another.  The one you condone mows down far more people.
We must learn again and again to respect and honor each other as Americans and human beings endowed by our Creator with goodness and mercy.
that ship has sailed.  how bout we settle for live & let live. did our Creator endow the guy who killed people today w/goodness and mercy?
Delete your account Uncle Tom 

You continue to betray your ancestors & 100s & 1000s of Blacks who have been subjected to this hatred since the day the first arrived here.
Do what is right for the people! Stand up to 45 & the hate, bigotry, & xenophobia he & his promote. Until you do your words ring hollow.
So if he doesn't have your beliefs, he's a traitor? Incredibly shallow.
Absolutely, @SenatorTimScott condemning racism & violence is the American way and God's way as well.  With you 'big time', Tim.
Ashame that we let the white nationalist become terrorist in our country. I saw a guy beating some with the pole of his Confederate Flag.
I find this disgusting. I think Trump's campaign rederick has made all of this worse. I am ashamed of what we have become.
We should NOT have to denounce every time these racist idiots act out .. lock them up from both sides and stop w/asking for denunciations
I agree, but you cannot erase or change history either. Teach children the truth, good and bad, so they can learn from it
Hello? It was going on last night, this morning, and you tweet 30 minutes ago?!?! 
MUM like your partisan hack & @realDonaldTrump apologist @LindseyGrahamSC !! Condemn RADICAL WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM!!
Preach!!!!!
But he didn't.  Nothing about Nazis and KKK
Call them what they are. Stop supporting your racist president. Stand for something.
I stand for Planned Parenthood, for inept public education, for open borders and for  spending more money than can ever be paid back
' On all sides ' doesn't cut it. Think Donnie should be focusing on the side carrying Nazi flags on American soil chanting Heil Trump.
He is dividing us.  Your party is supporting him.  Be on the right side of history.
That's the problem.U R divided by hate. Look a the WH,voter suppression,lynching of Blk ww2 vets in the south.Time to get real.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @RalphNorman your turn. Your silence is deafening.
He punted. This is white supremacy but black, Hispanic or Asian supremacy.
I agree. Do you agree w/president saying there was bigotry on all sides today in #Charlottesville? Protestors aren't bigots, #hategroups are
Sorry but I've seen more hatred from liberals since November than I have in my entire lifetime.
I'm envious, then. You must have lived a rather fairytale existence.
this is weaksauce
Nazis and the Klan literally said they're Nazis and the Klan, but @POTUS is talking about "All sides". Tim, you're a fool
Yes, we must. Senator, please tell the President to condemn the racism and violence of white supremacists and remove them from his admin.
This is the evil that all sinful men do. This untoward generation will not repent until it is too late. #Charlottesville
Can you say the name of this terrorist organization?
No we will not. 
#Charlottesville 
You should join the party that actually believes in equality.
@TheDemocrats
You only believe in equality for those who agree and/or think like you 
YOUR PARTY is the party of #whitesupremacists YOUR @POTUS just refused to condemn #Nazi terrorism.
Soros needs to die
Im with you, Tim Scott. Debbie Reed, Cola S.C
Might want to explain that to your buddy @POTUS. He seems to because confused.
Absolutely! You'd be a big help if you'd stop supporting it.
Like it or not they have the right to protest. Not a right to violence. Others have no right to appear and start violence either.
It is not the fault of the white supremacists  Dems have been demoralizing the white man and promoting social unrest. They r standing tall!!
real real?  are you totally high right now?
I wish that was the total extent of the issue
We should condemn all hate, on both sides. This has festered for years and encouraged by DC leadership, D and Rs, for political wins.
Proud to have you representing Low County!
Country, not county to correct my auto correct.
Trump was great
Start by stop standing with Trump
Take you're party to task for their silent acceptance of this environment all in the name of getting the White House back!
Amen Senator.
Tell Donald Trump that - he has done NOTHING to heal this country. #trumpracist
Get the alt right group out of White House
Amen! We are all American's, unite and stand together.
