Read the CBO report! VOTE YES  and take care away from millions!! Yea!!!!
We will vote you OUT! Hope. trump has a job for you!
He is not and wil not listen to his consitutents- just watch him vote yes on this terrible cruel bill and then rememeber it at next election
I received an email from TIM SCOTT touting all the GOP talking points and why he will VOTE YES to kill and cause suffering among his people!
I emailed him and have received NOTHING- unlike Graham who at least gave me his reasons for throwing the elderly out of nursing homes.
Got my letter yesterday from tim-we must have received the same letter
The #HealthcareBill raises deductibles, cuts coverage, and slashes Medicaid. I'm a Republican and I ask you to please vote NO. Thank you!
We are 1/10 states to LOSE the most.  That means disabled kids suffering. How is that something to celebrate?
Scared  to death for my disabled daughter.
I know why I only get recordings when I call to tell you to vote NO on this bill.
South Carolina is one of the poorest states in the nation and you can justify giving the top 2% and the insurance companies a huge pay raise
Yep, and in a letter today he proudly touted the GOP talking points and will VOTE YES for the GOP kill constituents bill.
There's a good reason for this - legislation from your party has purposefully broken it.
They sabotaged ACA. Voted against medicare expansion. VOTED AGAINST the people. Don't forget it.
Tim, I read your letter of talking points about why you will support GOP care. We will do our best to take your job! Archie did pretty good!
Have you spoken to any actual physicians in SC about this?
Especially #pediatricians? We #voteKids and this bill is bad for children.
A Christian would never vote for the cuts in Senate bill. Children, Seniors, Disabled, etc. depend on Medicaid. Who are your constituents?
We know what religion he doesn't follow.
8 years ago my family lost our insurance because the cost went up 40%; now we have half the coverage for twice the price... Thanks Obama
Had your gov. Haley expanded medicare like Kentucky and other states, you would not have had that problem!
U sir, are lying when you said more people will have access to care. CBO score shows millions will lose care & Medicaid cuts! #facts
After all that, the plan you've come up with is to cut Medicaid, cut planned parenthood and give states the ability to drop ppl. Great plan.
ACA is broken because GOP would not support changes to mend it. You are parroting talking points with little if any substance.
I received a letter from Tim today, full of talking points as to why he will vote YES on GOP care and kill many SC residents.
If you vote for the Republican mystery health care bill you will send a message to your constituents that you care nothing about them!!!
TIM SCOTT sent me a letter touting all the GOP talking points as to why he will VOTE YES on GOP kill constituents bill. Vote him OUT!
I think he was proud of his letter too!
Please vote no. Access to healthcare serves the public good. Remember polio? I don't! Thank you government funded vaccines!
All because lack of viable support by lawmakers like you! Make it better and give majority of Americans what they want. ACA improved!!
Access to healthcare means nothing if people can't afford the premiums. Costs for healthcare are much higher in trumpcare.
Because you & GOP are not funding it as the law requires. You may think you are safe with 6 yrs to go.This people will not forget in 6yrsBYE
AHCA is not the answer. People will literally die due to loss of coverage. Vote NO. #SaveMedicaid #NoCutsNoCaps #ShowUsTheBill
Maybe if states allowed the expansion...Blue states doing just fine...100 "R" concessions built into ACA, and you say its broke...
I wish more people had your understanding of what really happened!
Just vote NO!
What we need is a FULL repeal. Not this FAKE repeal BULLSHIT the house was pushing.
You just may get your death wish.
Public hearing?  Debate?  Transparency?  #NoHearingNoVote
I never knew of the town hall meetings he spoke of.
People will DIE!
Vote NO!
Where are your #facts for this? 230,000 in #SC enrolled in early 2017 alone. And #Trumpcare doesn't fix any of this-just a #taxcut for rich!
SC will be leading the way in deaths skyrocketing, and lack of access to healthcare because your BFF Hayley refused Medicaid expansion. Sad
It’s like when Sanford refused 700M stimulus when SC unemp was at 10% & rising. The GOP makes it clear they care 0 about reg people
Exactly.  Politics over people.
I think it’s money in their pocket over people. I don’t see how they live with themselves.
I think money over politics, politics over people.  Not sure where CYA is in that sequence.
Of course it's sabotage - "Anthem worried about Trump admin continue paying reimbursements that reduce health costs to low-income customers"
Do not destroy American family with the Senate health care sledge hammer
Democratic and liberal policies are what have destroyed American families and values.
463,200 SC'ers will lose insurance under #Trumpcare

63,800 children
12,100 disabled
42,600 employee sponsored

We're gonna vote you out!
We see how well the resistance has worked so far! More better paying jobs with benefits will provide more insurance than Obamacare.
You should be discussing this with all your Senate colleagues not just your party. That behavior is abhorrent #showthebill
It'll never be any good unless they, the congressmen and all gov't. Employees are under the same law!
Ok Sen Scott. We agree The ACA has problems.  How is the secret senate Version of AHCA better?  IMO the house bill was a total train wreck.
Sad situation when your Senator cares more about money and their party than the PEOPLE !!!
If your definition of broken is more people insured than ever before, and your fix is depriving South Carolinians of insurance, have at it.
YOU ARE AN EMBARASSMENT TO SOUTH CAROLINA- A SAD DAY WHEN YOU WERE SENT TO THE SENATE- DOUBLE TALK  THATS ALL I HEAR FROM YOU
Not surprising u went on Fox -- scared to face a true news network?
Like lying CNN or MSNBC?
What a profound come-back? really-covfefe!
Instead of following repub line sabotaging ACA you should be looking to improve ACA; failure to do so will hurt voters; trumpcare is mean!!
Please stop the politics and fix healthcare for all, not just those who can pay.
Why won't you just admit all you need to do is restore funding to the high risk sector? Rubio killed Obamacare, not the market
23 million will lose healthcare. SC fairs worst in country with these cuts. All done in secret. Shame on you. We $ee you #AHCA #Obamacare
you are drinking trump kool-aid. GOP actively sabotaging ACA and killing Americans. Repair, not repeal.
465,000 South Carolinians are at risk of losing coverage. Show us the bill, Senator.
Just curious Tim why health care CEOs say they are pulling out because Trump and the GOP have made it so unstable they can't do planning?
If you can barely afford it now, anything should be an improvement! Bankrupting the middle class isn't the answer!
I am so sick of your rhetoric about how broken ACA is since you have done all you can to break it.
Nobody takes you seriously, Mr Puppet. You're the token black guy in the white guy party.
Obviously Tim you must see by the responses that the people of SC do not agree with you or agent orange russia spy @POTUS #sellout
Obviously @SenatorTimScott also sees his thousands of supporters, too! We have faith in him!
I'm finding most of them r fake can't find any other information on these fake Twitter pages look up ur name there's nothing. Fake support
Man you really don't care about the people.. thought u were better than that smh typical politician
You are the responsible official. If a law, the ACA, has problems then improve it! Make the executive branch do their job!
The biggest improvement is to repeal Obamacare!
Unless GOP plan provides better coverage at lower rates for everyone, it is not what is best for Americans. You are accountable.
Just because you may have an insurance CARD under Obamacare does not mean you actually have insurance you can use when no one accepts it!
Whatever plan passes, there should be affordable, accessible services for everyone.
I really hope you will not vote for the AHCA or anything that moves protections for pre-existing conditions to the state level. 29466
There has been ongoing issues over the years, but maybe Congress should have addressed the issues instead of watching from the sidelines.
Will you be bringing the AHCA out of the dark to the floor?  Surely GOP Senate will not vote for something they have not had time to see?
Ok your Paul Ryan-approved™ talking points on the ACA are garbage but we both know that. You've had 1 actual Town Hall in 1 area of SC.
Folks in the Midlands have been BEGGING for 1 in Columbia. You ignore us & then say you haven't had many questions? Blatant lies.
Nothing is wrong with Obamacare, but everything is wrong with the current administration that is bringing it down!
WealthCare isn't aimed at fixing any of the problems you stated about ACA.
how many women and democrats in this group?
Show the bill!!!!!
If your party is so proud of what they are doing, why are they doing it in secret?
The last part is blatantly false, the first part is because of your party's actions, and even if true neither would justify gutting Medicaid
Make no mistake that while you may think that SC will own this& thus leave you with clean hands,it will belong to you & we won't forget.Ever
President Snowflake wants trumpcare to go through so we can all pay more and line the pockets of the rich #Covfefe
Yes, because you pulled the funding. Your "tax cut for the rich" plan will not fix these things. Do right by your constituents!
Tim owns an insurance agency. Hell profit personally from this.
Why is Obamacare broken? Because you don't want Americans to have healthcare.
1. Obamacare is not broken!  2. Premiums are going up because @GOP sabotaging it!  3. AHCA will harm millions of Americans!  4. NO on AHCA!
Premiums were going up before Trump took office. Now GOP has to fix another Democratic mess.
Oh!  You mean like the great recession the GOP caused?  Or, the wars they started?  Or, near collapse of the auto industry?  Or, etc, etc?
"So we have no choice but to make it even worse" - GOP
