Working behind closed doors w/no input from HC experts, hospitals, patient groups, or...idk DEMS or WOMEN isn't what you're there for either
You realize there are doctors in Congress, right? And women?
You do realize they drafted Senate bill behind closed doors w/13 men? And docs aren't the only HC professionals who have great input/ideas.
So? Why does it matter if it were men, women, doctors, lawyers or whoever? Everyone is interested in healthcare. Not just women.
No public hearings/markups, all big hospital systems, professional medical assocs, patient advocacy orgs & even insurers opposed their plan.
They weren't interested in being collaborative whatsoever. That was my point. Seems like you missed it. 

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The ACA was the basis of the healthcare law they were pitching. Guess you are saying the ACA itself was flawed.
As a HC professional myself I've read every word of the AHCA, BRCA and even the entire ACA. Trust me they're all flawed.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888786666093240320 …
Question:  Senator did you select your own seat at today's luncheon?
If Congress and their staff were not exempt from ACA, it would have been repealed and replaced already.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Nope.  That actually would only make them want it more as they all have pre existing conditions
Good way to start is hold town hall to hear what voters want.  When will that be?  Probably never!! No guts!!
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
Surprised by your gullibility. South Carolina voter.
Appalling to see you sit next to a man who is stripping American values for a Russian dictator he owe money. Selling America while u sit
How about letting the free market take over???? #RepealObamacare
The free market is screwed. It doesn't work when profit meets people's health. No incentive to improve anything but profits.
Go read some Milton Freidman, then get back to me.
Oh goody! Homework!
Letting children of SC suffer isn't really the solution is it?  The ACA brought medical care to many many SC children that didn't have it.
Precisely.
Thank you Senator Scott!
Medicaid expansion #NoRepeal #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA  bipartisan   compromise
Solution is not difficult. Work with dems to improve n repair ACA.  Solution your looking for w repubs will result in 22 mil losing ins. SAD
WHERE does the Constitution give Government power over PEOPLE'S HEALTH CARE??? Get OUT!!!
Because they can only repeal the spending not the regulations through reconciliation
Meaning? Is this rhetorical?
don't repeal it until you have that better solution!! #onbehalfofmyfamilyinSC
Ask a doctor, or two.

A hearing or two might be a genius thought.
Repeal is giving up!
and condone his behavior. Stand up for American values even if you won't support all Americans What the hell do you have to loose? #Resist
SICKENING HOW YOU SAT NEXT TO TRUMP LIKE A FREAKIN BOBBLEHEAD .
The solution is to work with Democrats and repair ACA and not repeal it! All Americans, Dems and Repubs, deserve affordable healthcare.
Huh, so the GOP has been lying for the past 7 years and just playing a shell game. Obamacare is here to stay...forever. Great work.
I'm in your district, we know it's a few obstructionists, but we all showed up & gave you both chambers & WH. It's a mandate. It's time.
BS Tim!!! 7 years and you have no answer? Why are you and others there if in 7 years you can't do what's right especially for needy?
Just don't be pressured into backing a bad plan. Work with all Senators who have knowledge to bring to the table. Protect the vulnerable.
Health Insurance solved:
Health Insurance in 4 tweets: https://twitter.com/nooil4pacifists/status/883335804667473920 …
When will you be personally meeting w/constituents?
Can you get the job done or not??  I live in SC and will not vote for you if you can't get the job done.
You were sent to DC to work for the good of your constituents, not sell out so you can be another good ole boy!
BS You members of the Whig party let the people down and we will remember next time to vote you liars out of office.
thank you, Senator.  Keep at it.
Fix Obamacare.  Single payer system now.
Can't fix it there are too many rules & regulation.
Please #RepealObamacare !  I lost both my plan and my doctor.
Thank you for your work on this issue.  I did send you an email and never heard back.
How about allowing us to buy insurance across state lines?  That would bring competition to the marketplace.
How about you start with Congress giving up your health care until you figure out something that works
Keep your promise Senator, clean repeal, let the market right its self & then identify what/where the problems are, what solutions, if any.
So get your ass in gear and get something done!
1 subsidized high risk pools (like for bad drivers), 2 buy across state lines, 3 healthcare savings accounts, 4 no essential benefits.
The only thing you are looking for is how to pad your pockets! You could care less about your constituents...
I want to believe, but like you said. You were in that 2010 freshman class. What's changed??
Dear .@SenatorTimScott  STOP ANY "Repeal" if Does NOT Repeal ObamaCare Regulations, Else if Separate then 60 votes 2 Repeal Regulations..
@SenatorTimScott That's the problem! WE DON'T WANT YOUR (Government's) SOLUTIONS!

We want the FREE MARKET!

JUST REPEAL IT!
And if you (the GOP) can't do it... we will find some one else who will!
Agree with points, but why can’t both sides sit down and fix it? Why couldn’t we modify ACA to make it effective?

ACA was on pace for record sign ups on Inauguration Day. Trump then ordered his agencies to kill it. If it dies, he is the sole executioner. https://twitter.com/tpm/status/887361185217212416 …
The GOP  LIES 

May as well vote for a DEM

When GOP had a real chance, it FARTED

All you  well fed Senators need to be defeated 

#MAGA
Thanks for the spam. You know you can reply to your own post right?
Need to get cracking on the hard part - repeal - NOW, before it affects mid-terms. Delay is dangerous, we don't was leftist majority again.
Send it to the floor for repeal.  See who votes how.  Primary all (R) that vote against repeal.  Simple.
Hope this is better then that awful trumpcare that has been proposed and will leave millions without healthcare
Extend your hand across the aisle, sir.
full repeal revert to prior setup.those hurt need to realize elections have consequences and voting matters.
Thx.  Repeal should have been the easiest vote ever.  There is absolutely no excuse.  A huge # of people are dumbfounded.
You've had years. WHAT. IS. YOUR. PLAN? You offer nothing but repeal, there is no replace. People will support a better idea.
Just do the full repeal.
Repeal it and tuck ONE requirement in there: ALL PROVIDERS must provide transparent pricing for each procedure. Give 'em 60 days.
Also need to work on the cost of flood insurance Tim I paid more just because I'm not a full-time residence how about a little help
Pass immediate legislation mandating Congress comply with the ACA and see how fast this disaster gets fixed!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Thank you, sir.  Repeal and replace.  Keep up the fight!
Might be a good idea to engage everyday constituents who work within this system and not just government eggheads
I'm a SC provider and not one single politician accepted my invite to meet and see how it impacts the kids of SC. Not one!
Really?
Exactly!
Your tweet series is noble but tilting at windmills seems like all GOP can do. All will lose in 18 & go back to opposingSAD
Beautifully spoken as always!
If this is true, too bad your colleagues don't feel the same. Most are self-serving elites who only care about their kickbacks and airtime.
But seriously, GOP sabotage of the ACA was no way to foster bipartisan goodwill to work together to fix it.
You failed to repeal an unpopular, failed power grab despite passing it when you knew it would be veteoed. Your cowardice is appalling.
Agree with#20  though 20 way too many tweets Perhaps a different platform?  Town hall with constituents to listen to real concerns?
Just remember. The special interest groups will always look after themselves. Look out for the voters and you will be ok
1. Fact is that insurance companies have taken us to the cleaners for decades. As their profits increased, Americans become less healthy,
2. less covered and less likely to seek needed medical services. Time and time again, South Carolinians have reached out to
3. our representatives and received deaf ears. Yet you never once failed to line you coffers with insurance lobby money. We don't care
Then why did the Democrats create this insurance based system. They had 60 votes.
Who cares why? Why is a useless question. How to fix it is the only concern & it won't be fixed by people on insurance companies payroll.
I care why they stuck us with this failing system.
You and your party have had 8 years to fix or replace Obamacare. Maybe if you all had worked with 44 things wouldn't be so messed up.
With All due respect. You and GOP have pissed in gas tank and slashed tires, then say since my car won't run, I'm better off without it.
Please stop giving us platitudes & tell your poor constituents what you are going to do. We all know that O'Care wasn't perfect.
Not partisanship.  The BCRA was a cynical attempt to repeal for its own sake. Time to address the underlying real issues.  I'm in. R U?
Please work to get all aspects of government out of insurance and healthcare. Then move on.
20. (2/2) it would be the height of hubris to think you guys can manage it in 2. So please don't try it.
20. Good. But please have a back-up plan, Senator. Please do not just repeal. If you guys can't figure it out in 7 years, then (1/2)
So why are you and your friend Sen. @CoryBooker working across the aisle and coming up with an example of cooperation?
The Republican party is a disgrace. It's a shame that what the ppl voted for in November doesn't matter for Republicans.
As I told you in person, you can lead in this regard.  The Entrenched GOP and DEM leadership are way out of touch. Time for pragmatism  /4
Sometimes you just have to work to replace the obstructionists ... whomever they are.
While I respect your view, I'm sorry but you put a birther in the white house, it's a slap on the face of every Obama supporter.
Sen. Scott, we do not want the government involved in healthcare. Or insurance for that matter. Please work to repeal it.
please stop looking for a solution and just repeal it. that's why you were elected.
If you and other principled folks can address PREVENTION....Only way to curb long term costs. And end HC as a piggybank for Big Pharma. /3
LOL, Never give up but remember the past that led to the problem in the first place. We can figure this out ! Amen we can 
Had 7yearssssss
I had a plan and a doctor. Now I have neither, and a yearly fine that I pay to the IRS.

The GOP promised repeal.
But the ACA is in need of repair, not repeal. The failures of ACA are many, but it's better than the previous status quo. It can be fixed /2
Sen. Scott.  Appreciate the sentiment.  Still hope to see you at my gym in CHS to see what individuals committed to health can achieve /1
Blah blah blah blah. Actions speak louder than words, sir.
What if the solution is to keep the ACA and fix what is wrong with it? Are you even willing to consider that?
So lets see the GOP come up with a HUMANE workable plan.
