I would be surprised if any of her ideas help students in SC's"Corridor of Shame".
sad day for American students
I grew up across the street from my molester they are everywhere but has nothing to do with this.
thank you for your service, I am not arguing with you any longer. I used to believe as you do but ..life. Bye
DeVos never went to a public school in her life, has no education degree. What makes you think she knows best for children?
Please share your favorite top 5 new ideas she has that will directly impact SC public schools positively.
I'd love to know their classroom management tips.
New Ed Sec will help Nationwide taxpayers spending more than Prep School cost but not getting same results has to change!
: heard about the awful tweets about you. Horrible, the leftists have a problem. Stay strong.
You believe WHITE ideas are right ideas . . I'm the Scott translator.... Channeling his inner cracker!
.  Incredibly disappointed... slap in the face to SC children
obvious msm devotee SenTScott knows we have to change govt/union rule of students whats wrong with competition
I'm sorry to say you're an embarrassment to the black race
Thank you Senator!  Great Job!  Stay strong and our love to your family....
We jus dum rednecks we don need no edumacation in sout carlina.
cause privatization worked sooo well for the corrections system. These aren't "new ideas". They're bad ones.
Shame is condemnation & yes Christ identity of righteousness will defeat any corridor of Shame  know who u are victorious
She wants to give states power of disabled kids (against fed law  btw) guess what TX don't  hive a crap for disabled  kids
Bullshit... Texas has IEP programs that deal with every Disability.  Texas What? Poland, Texas? Ridiculous
What are #BetsyDeVos ideas?!!
@agooding 
Do you think your grandfather would be proud of you today?
of the problem in Fed. indoctrination institutes, too much hot air, not enough teachers willing to buck the system. #COS
Pay no attention to the vote threats. They most likely voted for your Dem opponent. Full of hot air. Perhaps that's part /1
Start with funding the schools instead of scapegoating them
Will you donate?  What are You willing to give,  since you bleed for education.
shame on you!  Trump would have had to look long and hard to find a worse candidate. And worse, you know this!
Thank you for your vote Senator Scott! This is a start. Much of DC needs a 'shake up'. Ppl need to fear losing their jobs.
You were bought. We all know this. You did zero research. You saw zeroes on a check. Big difference.
What if the new idea was to invest in our schools? Not tests, not standards, not evaluations. What if you tried that?
Your vote and your responses are $hameful.
How do you know DeVos won't take away standardisation? You're babbling about Obama stuff.
How can she find a solution for a topic about which she knows NOTHING? Maybe she can pay teachers $49,200.
choosing non educator, one totally unfamiliar with public schools?  Charter school advocates opposed her. Shame nobody
I believe you could share ideas without appointing them SOE.  #sad #CorridorOfShame
New ideas like science is a lie; don't need qualified teachers; No IDEA. Can't wait to see how great that works out for SC.
I believe you were elected to represent the people of SC. How many asked you to vote against DeVos? I didn't hear many 'I"s
This is how much DeVos matters-Who can even name the last Secy of Education? *crickets* She's a nobody. Enjoy that $49200.
I love your attitude! Kill them with kindness!
those federal laws protections were set up to protect disabled and minority  children in school.
hang in there Senator!!! When people start loosing it like this, you know your on the right path. Wishing you good luck.
so let me know how this works out for special needs children she had no idea what an IEP even is!
Looking forward to your new lobbyist position. Your done as elected official.
Tim, you r certifiably insane. Betsy has no idea about educating kids..much less poor kids. U won't get any ideas from her.
you believe in Being bought. Stop lying
Says the guy who fights on behalf of Teachers' Unions, the hand that feeds the Dem Party
I'm not taking donations and voting because of special interest. No defense for that.
LOL but u clearly support the giant political $$$ machine feeding the Dem Party
haha you're just like your guys and running from be confronted. Glad you share and some horrible views
I hope you never get discouraged. We are like-minded and we're so blessed to have you in SC!
open minds always prevail....
You would be good as a reverse mortgage salesman.
explain your thoughts on why you don't fight Republican Voter suppression.
today are trying to suppress voters that look like you. It could be your mother. How can you agree with the farce?  Please
Listening to you speak on the house floor about Senator Jeff Sessions, it saddens me that YOU would side with a party, who
You missed the testimony of Mrs. Turner. Selective editing makes you lose credibility.
This is naive at most, purely political at least. Take 1 look at Detroit Public Schools & you'll see DeVos has 0 good ideas
I stand with you Tim 
Senator keep up the good work.  You are the commonsense senator that we are all looking for. Stay strong and God Bless you.
Her ideas aren't new just dangerous to the children of your states education.  "The truth" is you chose $ over kids.
What you look forward to is another huge donation from her.  Liar.
Ashamed of your vote for the great State of SC.  Our kids deserved better than your ($$) decision.
given her inability to differentiate between student growth and proficiency, is she the person to provide new ideas???
what new ideas does @BetsyDeVos have? It just seems like she bought your vote which is business as usual. #BetsyDeVos
rather than invite someone with no experience, invite some teachers to give you ideas, and listen this time
I live in SC.  I will NOT vote for you and will do everything I can to be sure people vote against you. You're done!
U sold out your constituents. Still waiting for you to address Devos contributions. Good luck at next town hall. #CORRUPT
The six digit figure from DeVos to GOP versus over 3 million from teachers unions to Democrats?
Explain that
Do you make this stuff up as you go along? I don't want you in SC much less the grizzly bear lady! Still #nobetsydevos!
it's not worth it not sure how she would help
You voted to silence the words of Coretta Scott King on the Senate floor, shame on you. Shame shame shame.
Help what? Resegregate our schools? Pull our wealthy kids into new schools? Test our marginalized more? You can't defend it
We'll be right here waiting for her. Let's see how her charter school ideas fare in the rural areas of SC.
say buh bye to your seat. I will be damned if I will ever vote for a bought man again. SHAME ON YOU!!!!!
thanks for selling out the future of SC. Guess you just gave me another reason to consider moving back. You need to go!

new ideas are needed our system is failing our kids and if you can't see that then you better open your @$#% eyes!!
Not likely! She has no clue! No credentials that would support anything different.
oh fuck no.  We don't want that trash
Ask her to donate another $50,000 to the schools instead of to ur campaign so we can educate future voters on gov studies
:Future opportunities of SC Most Impoverished can be improved;#SHAME if #devos does not pull kids out of chasm.
Utterly disappointed in SC senator who votes against allowing Sen. Warren to speak in debate.#notmyscsenator
Her ideas include privatizing all schools, and to keep as many kids uneducated as possible. U shud all be ashamed!
Reminder her to bring her checkbook.
if you truly believed your words you would have voted 'no.'
maybe teaching the kids a little more Jesus will help them compete in STEM fields against the Chinese and Indian students
Ms. DeVos new Ideas didn't help the Michigan schools system!!!
@agooding I don't someone without experience serving me at the Waffle House, And def not a inexperienced edu sec my kids
i hope youre right. Because i think shes a train wreck waiting to happen.
You should be ashamed
@agooding 49,000 pieces of silver. Your vote has enriched DeVos to the detriment of SC children. Hope it was worth it.
Senator, you should go to Detroit & Lansing to see the product of her new ideas. 48% charters in the bottom 25% statewide.
Our schools are great here in York County SC but I cannot wait on her to help improve our state education system!
you were bought for 49k. We will never forget this travesty to the teachers and students of South Carolina
done with you, sir.
man please get out of here with your foolish talking points
can't believe you voted for the unqualified Devos and not for the children you claimed to love during your reelection, 
Anything that can help these children is welcome, educated children benefits everyone.
@agooding prepare to be surprised.. New ideas and strong support will finally give our kids the choices they need.
@agooding My Corridor of Shame school condemned while I still attended it. Is a for-profit charter school going to save us?
I hope the $49,200 the DeVos family gave you is worth the destruction of our public school system and our IEP students
@agooding they have an occasional grizzly hanging around huh?  C'mon Senator, she is unqualified
keep her out.
@lsferguson thank you Senator Scott
Perhaps you can invite her to a Town Hall meeting so she -and you - can hear the concerns of your constituents.
you are shameful. You sold out your state for $49,000.
you failed the children of SC simply for party politics. Shame on you.
.@SenatorTimScott The Secretary of Education should certainly present new ideas and should also know that IDEA is a federal law.
keep up the good job!!! Just crying democrats because they lost!!!! Maybe should give them a participation trophy!
Its time to try something new. Throwing money at education every year as the left wants has not worked
doesn't anything positive come from the mouth of liberals?
behind you Senator. Liberals are always prochoice until it comes to education.
shameful that you fell in line with party money and party politics instead of listening to the people you represent.
no worries, only the poor and sick kids will suffer.
I will elaborate briefly Distinguishing Senator ! As an elected Congressional actor it's in your interest to hear me out
Take Alabama... The State of The Beautiful ! As far as Education reform ! Acknowledge this First
I'm sure your vote had NOTHING to do with the $40k her family donated to you 
you have proved money is more important than doing what's right. Sad
you believe in her money. Shame on you for being bought. You'll never receive my vote again.
You just lost a ton of votes selling us out. $49k from DeVos just cost you my vote and those of my family. #replacescott
based on what peer reviewed research do you feel her ideas will work?  Please link all sources.
I totally agree!  Here is your homework from the teachers of SC.  Don't worry we are pros at evaluating work.
- School vouchers have the potential of promise for disadvantaged children
Change is GOOD and a GOOD change is even better. Common Core will disappear TG! School choice is great! Local Control
We are SCns, will be hospitable. Hope she listens. Our elected officials do not.
you made no one in your state proud today.  We can't wait to vote you out.
Please think of McCormick which does not have any private schools that a parent could afford with a voucher in that area.
her ideas are not new, they are old and proven wrong time and time again.
Thank you for your vote!
She just wants to direct tax dollars to private companies. Won't help our kids one bit.
DeVos' solution: "13 natl charter chains want to open 50 new schools with no oversight in your county. Let's let them!"
I hope the $49,200 DeVos paid your campaign was worth it. You didn't hear what your constituents were saying.
Here's an idea...how about getting someone with experience in education to work on solutions!
Again I am disappointed in you. Reading many comments most constituents were against DeVos. Sadly you do NOT represent us.
LISTEN TO THE TEACHERS, VOTE NO TO DEVOS! #$50K
for once go principle over party and politics.
if you speaking of Ms Devoes, I think you are wrong sir. Of all people don't waste a vote to confirm her.
I am saddened you chose campaign funds and party loyalty over my child's education experience. Now hold her accountable.
Hold him accountable. Did he listen to his constituents?
uh uh. Not going to work fooling no 1 but urself
This perception of charter schools being successful is rendered void by actual research showing little to no improvement.
This illusion of choice is undermined when charter schools perform equally with public schools while siphoning public funds
Sir. You are so obvious. Siding with your party vs education. Let's not forget her campaign donation to you of $49k!
CAN'T WAIT.  WE WILL PROTEST.  SHE IS AN EMBARRASSMENT. NOW, SO ARE YOU!
Good luck with that. I'm holding you responsible if she ruins my children's wonderful public school experience in SC.
by giving underprivileged kids the same opportunity to get the same education at your kid's school? 
either you didnt do your job to properly research her or you did and support her charter school movement. lame either way
if you really think that lady has any solutions that's even more proof why your time in office has come to an end. #devos
I hope you kept the receipt.
Here's a "new" idea: maybe we could start with funding those schools and not blame schools bc our pols refuse to fund them.
Is that what you get for your vote? Wait. You already got paid for that. Nevermind. #corrupt
I hope that $50,000 she gave you was worth it.
No one who's given>3k  to a cong.campaign should ever be eligible for appointment for anything. #CORRUPTION
The left's solution is ALWAYS "spend more money" (That's left wing politics for "transfer $ to Dem voters")
Whatever the federal government rules have been incentivizing/mandating there hasn't worked. Why not try Plan B?
but what has she presented to suggest that these ideas would be beneficial
School "choice" will leave rural SC students with no choice at all. Devos wants to gut a system many citizens depend on
and I look forward to getting you voted out of office in four years.
I look forward to supporting him!
Too many nay-sayers out there...like Trump they won't give this woman a chance to prove herself. SAD!
she bought you for $50k and you sold us out. You are no different and I see right through you. Disgraceful.
shame on you sticking to the party line instead of doing what's best for our children.
admire your initiative and leadership
My parents sent me to Catholic school...nuns abused children, were mean, angry people. I chose a public college &loved it!
I think she will be just fine. 50 yrs. of Democrats and what have we gotten...Consistently LOW test scores!  NEW beginnings
You need to analyze the numbers. Analyze them because you will see our standards in SC are higher than others.
Yeah, good luck with that....most folks in S.C. can't afford private schools. And most still prefer public  !
Devos ideas are to drain public money away and resegegrate our schools! But you've made your money! #publiceducation #sad
I hope we can join you to celebrate, thank you Senator Scott...now all yr great proposals have a chance!
I agree we need new blood.We have allowed the dumming down of children long enough.
She demonstrated that she has no ideas during her confirmation hearing.
hearing was a political lynching and not a professional vetting
you do realize that @HouseGOP just introduced a bill to abolish Dept of Ed? What is real story?
shouldn't Tim Scott already be spending his own time trying to fix the "corridor of shame"
Do let us know when she arrives. We would love to talk to her too.
how long until my taxpayer dollars are teaching young earth creationism?
Ever optimistic! Keep the faith.
