I’m so sick of that stupid over used word diversity.
Well, that's a stupid thing to say on a world-readable microblogging site, Michael Irwin.
Also pretty certain that is not a biblical worldview. Not the worldview of the guy who said; "Love thy neighbor as thyself."
In context, meaning pray for their soul & love all of Gods creation.
Except for the ones that look and believe different from you? How is that love of all God's creation?
Nothing to with looks. If I am forced to do something, where’s the blessing? It’s not from my heart. If I choose, my choice, to help someone, for that I will be blessed.
Luke:10:25-37 The parable of the Good Samaritan; "Who is my neighbor?" Are you the Priest or the Levite or the Good Samaritan? Did the Samaritan ask of the man left beaten and naked by the side of the road; "Which God do you worship?"
The Samaritan wasn’t forced by the state to become good, or pay taxes to help the man robbed. He became good from his heart. And was blessed with his story in scripture.
Tell it  2 your RinocRat  friends
Shame on you saying our president wasn't clear enough in his perfectly clear statement  on Charlottesville
Then you're in the wrong party. There is only ONE that supports those sentiments.
So loved you and voted for you;
Before you started lying about President TRUMP. Sad.
Lie wend BO was president you said nada BO really divide USA and you stand aside.
For conservatives too? We're the ones being attacked by violent leftist antifa!! BLM calling for death of cops! Call out the left!!!!
Our POTUS is not a racist & you know it. SC is watching what you say. This is TRUMP country! Stop playing to GOP establishment!
Voter suppression,unequal school funding,lack of health care,harsher sentences for black and brown offenders.2 sides of the same coin.
Your in our state will be vote out! Kessler voted Obama 2x's Antifa hired by company out of CA do your homework it was a set follow money
Our ability to seek TRUTH, REASON, HONESTY!  THESE are our the things that make us strong.  Diversity?  Just pigmentation and genitalia.
Except if they differ from your beliefs
How did you vote on the new HC Bill?
How do you feel about POTUS
U should know that I LOVE this
POTUS. We expect GREAT things from him. The blame is on the Dems--preventing his agenda.Get em out the way.
You obviously don't know how any of this works. Dems don't have the numbers. The @GOP talked a big game but aren't able to actually govern
No sir, diversity is not our strength. Because its usually forced, not given to the one most qualified who earned it.diversity is bullshit
Our nation's strength lies in its morality which is being compromised by Republicans and Democrats. See Alexis De Tocqueville.
The two sides of the ugly coin: http://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/individual/jason-kessler …
Agreed! If we enforced law over destroying federal & private property fewer would act out. More would find solutions.
Which side of your mouth are you saying that from The rest of you GOP puppets dont have the guts to say the truth even when its not popular.
Liberty, justice and diversity DEPEND on truth.
You left them ALL when you chose to lie about President TRUMP. Shame on you.
We should condemn all hate groups on the left and the right. They are all whackos and should all be treated equally!

They are extremely violent & attack ANYONE they don't agree with. I've seen it with my own eyes. What planet am I living on?
Oh how wrong about @POTUS you are! http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/08/17/gop-sen-scott-trumps-moral-authority-compromised/amp/ … Are you. #RINO too? We are going to rid DC of them. Did you not hear what we did?
So @realDonaldTrump finally tweeted the words KKK, white supremacist and neo-Nazi? But NOT to attack them!
Diversity is a vague term diversity of what morals? Values? Sorry diversity didn't build America Western Civilization did not diversity
I wish you meant this! #embarresed
Are you hearing all the liberal comments? You have become their hero. #embarassed #racist
I always liked u and now I have to admit you have seized the idea of identity politics and I think you might be a racist. #embarassed.
I am so proud of you for taking a stand, despite the fallout. It takes courage to stand against hate.
But having a man who advocated PU$$y grabbing & mocking the disabled was OK by you!  Where's the liberty & justice for them?

Same senator..... https://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-supports-sessions-attorney-general …
Really, Y U were quiet when antifa &blm attacked white&black @GOP voters? We NEVER heard ur voice. UR weak or mayB blackmailed by dems @OANN
WOW ...Tim Scott, Bob Corker join John McCain, Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins as senators not afraid to speak up about Trump.
@HillaryClinton doesn't look so bad after all huh
Yes, thank you for standing up for those that think you are 3/5 of a human senator.. how do you sleep?
He didn't. He condemned Trump's remarks.
“90% of violence in protests in this country is committed by the left...by Occupy Wall Street…by Black Lives Matter…” - Rush Limbaugh
The same stupid bots who praised Obama the facilitator of racist groups like BLM and anarchists like AntiFa now want Trump impeached.
Stand up stand up
Please Senator Scott.  I've called your office daily. I've begged for you to stand up to Trump and vote 1 time against him.  Stand up now.
You are a good man, a bright man, Which is why. i am completely astonished at your berating of the President, There was 3 Groups there
& All Three,Nazi's ANTIFA & BLM,were committing Violence,,Some were NOT, It SHOWS ON THE VIDEO'S, Maybe those are who DJT, was talking about
Frat I wouldn't have voted for y'all buffoon never,but  when are u guys going to see the light with this BUFFOON. " Mu Psi  Spring 70"
The alt left is not innocent in this and other incidents either.
Mr Trump said the same thing. You libs hear what you want to hear.
Now do that hard thing you've been trying to avoid - tell your President that he's crossed the line and he no longer has your support.
Walk away from the racist, narcissistic President and live your words. Be true to them.
Your silence will go down in history. And it will show you were more than willing to ignore hate and violence
Our strength lies in Christ Jesus which is the foundation of our nation.
Really @SenatorTimScott? Can you say that with a straight face (pun intended) 2 the LGBT community in SC? I think not.
Senator Scott the day is getting shorter and we have not heard your voice?
When will you join the "monuments must go" campaign? After you do turn in your house keys to the nearest Native American please.
Sad.
If you truly believe this you will denounce your parties leader my calling him out by name. Anything less is being complicit.
Then denounce trump and the white supremacist sympathies in the Republican Party. Still  more hollow statements...
from a person too afraid to speak because of the white supremacists in his voting base. DENOUNCE TRUMP AND WHITE SUPREMACISTS, NOW!!!!!
More words without action. Where is your backbone? Help your fellow Americans! Another senator choosing party over humanity. EMPTY WORDS!
It amazes me you and Lindsey can't bring yourself to utter the word Marxist which is what antifa and BLM are. Both who were involved.
It doesn't look like you're ready to accept what the ACLU said which was both sides are to blame for the violence.
Calm trump out. Stand up or shut up
Time for talk is over...ACT now to stop Trump's reckless actions!
Read Charles Blow's op-ed on the complicity of your party concerning racism and bigotry.
Let's push ALL politicians...Dems and Reps...to denounce ALL violence I want Nancy Pelosi et. al. to tell ANTIFA & BLM to stop the violence
Still have not mentioned trump by name- you are certainly not a profile in courage SAD
Sounds good, but not true. Our nations strength is found in our liberty and freedom.
I have watched you since your insurance days. Cotton to Congress ? Don't sell Charleston out, you have to challenge Potus.
your one of few Minorities in the Republican Party. You cannot sit on the sidelines and be quiet. Charlestons watching.
You and Graham need to back off making more of what the president said about Charlotesvile. Acknowledge violence on both sides isn't racist!
Liberty and justice for all Citizens! Not illegal aliens!
No one should be subjected to injustice/bigotry/hate. That includes POTUS.
Call him out by name like @LindseyGrahamSC
That's for certain #today #world #people and #time are busy to join #hands
Something to think about. What will history books say you did to defend the American people in August 2017?
Repub senators seem to be on a twitter storm yet not one would go on LIVE TV to say any of these things. All these tweets mean nothing







Cheap talk. When will you take a real and meaningful stand? I used to believe in you. I want to again but you refuse to earn it. #IVoted4You

Spotted a counter protester with bow and arrow. #Charlottesville 

Protesters are definitely outnumbered trying to enter the park. #Charlottesville 

Clash between protesters and counter protesters. Police says "We'll not intervene until given command to do so." #Charlottesville 

9.  was standing passively by, seemingly waiting for violence to take place, so that they'd have grounds to declare 'unlawful assembly'.
Our nation's strength lies in the character of its citizens &obeying the laws of the land.Without these there is no Liberty & justice.
Enough talking around this thing. GOP needs to call @realDonaldTrump out by name. Don't stoop to his tactics, but DON'T MISS!
Really really like you man. but if that is true why are our only problems all diversity based?
To bad our chief executive @realDonaldTrump doesn't agree with you.
I agree 100% with you.  You have an opportunity to lead. To unite people.
Right on Senator Scott!
Diversity and freedom of speech. All these hateful reply tweets cause Trump told the truth. Peaceful and disorderly in both groups.
I agree.  As your constituent 29466. What Are U going to do about ut
This week we have lived many life times of pain and endured incomprehensible hate !  #Charolettesville tonight shows all of us how to love!
I completely agree with U. But COMPLETELY do not believe in 45th.  I am your constituent and his views are NOT mine.  Hope & chng not hate
Tweeting is not acting...what will your actions be?
Why are you not calling out Trump by name for what he did and said.
No Tim, it belongs in our unity.  We are one human race
I concur, thank you for all the great work you do.Fight the good fight,
My white silence has ended. When are you going to find YOUR voice? Say his name SENATOR! #fuckwhitesilence #denouncetrumpNOW
Okay, now walk it.
So go ahead and #impeachtrumpNOW ! In the long run, nobody will mind that you waited until it was safe to jump on the bandwagon.
Sorry our strength is our liberty which then allows diversity to flourish with less conflict; freedom is the true blessing
Senator Scott thank you! #ImpeachTrumpNow We don't need a bigot governing the people of the United States.
Our strength is in our unity.
You realize that every action taken and word spoken by our president contradicts this? Do your part to end this madness.
Now do you understand....
I hope you continue to stand up for what's right and denounce the Pres. when he lies. It's so freaking obvious.
Have to disagree on "diversity ". Our strength lies in everyone wanting to live the American dream. Assimilation so be it.
What are you going to do about it?
Then stand up for what you preach. #ImpeachTrumpAndPence #NazisInTheWhiteHouse #DoSomethingGOP #RacistInChief
Say his NAME, Senator.  How in the WORLD can you go on without saying that Donald Trump has offended all decent people grievously?

Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously & repeatedly condemned the bigotry & violence in Charlottesville
Senator you keep on with the talking points but you have yet to call @realDonaldTrump by name smh
Senator.  We are Americans.  Bound by love of freedom, liberty, and the rule of law
Surely Trumps America is not one you want for your family.
Please stand up to this man who is inciting violence. It's not over and it's a matter of time til it's in our own state. Help us.
Votes for all trumps nominations.  Act, you're a senator, do something.  Twitter is for the lazy
funny coming from Tim Scott...you would think a black senator would be offended by Trump's comments and say something...but he's a GOP
And you said that to say what, Senator Scott?
I love South Carolinians.
Exactly. But some mislead all to divide us and conquer USA citizens. One thing I love-seeing content of character within each beautiful one!
Are you willing to denounce the president?
These are my grandfather's & he fought Nazis. Until you say the words: 'there is no room for Nazis in USA' you're not defending America.
I'm very grateful for your Grandad's sacrifice & service
There are no facts in social or any other type of science that supports such a wild claim.
I think @realDonaldTrump needs to go though. #DoSomethingGOP
Yes! Even our immigrants should feel the same.
Tim don't make me come to your office! We have a sin problem not a skin problem
Yes
accepting is a weird word
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/charleston-church-shooting/dylan-roof-charleston-church-shooting-suspect-face-death-penalty-prosecutors-n421172 … We have to start drawing lines in the sand.  The tent needs to shrink, Tim.
Our nation's strength lies in our UNITY,  not our "diversity".  E pluribus unum, to remind you.  #tcot
Are you willing to put your job on the line for equality? It's time to act for the people. #25ththe45th
isn't that what @POTUS said?! He was never called a racist or bigot until Hillary lost!
What are you talking about? He has a history of racism. He had to go to court for it. #RacistInChief #ImpeachTrump
I'm rolling my eyes.
Roll away. Doesn't change the facts.
your bio says you block Trump trolls...are you the pot or the kettle?
So… what are you going to DO about it?
Dann the "diversity" (& "inclusion")!
We (men & women), citizens of the United (yet, sovereign) States of America stand strong in solidarity
If you focus on elevating, perverting, or belittling, any race, gender, creed, etc., YOU are the problem.
We are the men, women, boys & girls, husbands & wives, sons & daughters of the USA. We bleed Red...White & Blue. If not, leave!
Will you support a censure that's being put forth? Would you support impeachment?
Name & shame him or it's just words.
THANK YOU.
I'm sorry, but no, that is not true. Diversity is not in fact a source of strength. Unity is a source of strength. Diversity just isn't.
You could make the moral argument that diversity is good, but strength isn't a matter of good and evil. Strength is a matter of fact.
Tim - with all due respect our strength comes from family, clan, community country.  Diversity is both good and bad.  Stop both L & R haters
Even the very stupid on the left.
I'm pretty sure you want to call out @realDonaldTrump by name but are afraid of the backlash. Go ahead! Be brave!
Say his name, Senator. 
President Trump gave aid and comfort to racists.
You know, this country needs comfort. Appears to be a ticking bomb. So sad what some have become. Protests and riots are not the answer.
As long as your definition of “racist” is “people whose opinions I don’t like,” we will never achieve that diversity.
You are a great man senator.
The majority of us couldn't agree more...BUT, you know there are those in politics that claim this while doing exact opposite behind scenes
Amen senator Scott... Amen. Now are we just going to talk about it Washington or are we going to do something about it? actions speak louder
Senator, please stand up the sickening statements President Trump made yesterday.
So Trump's CONDEMNATION of kkk was "sickening"? Did u ACTUALLY LISTEN TO WHAT TRUMP SAID?
If you really believe this, you will work tirelessly to change the racist GOP agenda and remove your racist leader.
Name ONE way or thing he did that is racist. ONE. He condemned ALL sides because they were ALL looking for trouble & found it!
What's going on with media, Antifa, BLM, white supremacists is nothing less that trying to take down a lawful Gov't. SEDITION.
Please stop with these platitudes!call. Him. Out. By. Name. U R using these fancy words for cover. Show some backbone like @LindseyGrahamSC
Well said!
What happened to E Pluribus Unum? From many one. That doesn't appear to me that that's what's happening in our country. Not good.
Don't let #Democrats or #Republicans fool you. They all have an agenda. Let's use hashtag #UniteAmerica. Who is with me?
Right now it seems the persons with the loudest load of crap to spew(alt-left,ANTIFA) are ruling our world!

Which is basically what the president said initially, and I concur!  Justice for all.  Meaning whoever breaks the law shld be hld acountable
Oh you used the word "ALL" @POTUS used the same word and you chastised him ... 
If only Justice Department conducted equal justice for all!! American families have lost trust in Justice!  #SupportPOTUS
You make me proud Sir
WHERE'S HER LIBERTY AND JUSTICE?
@GOP SILENT FOR OVER A YEAR WHILE WE WERE VIOLENTLY ATTACKED! WE WILL NOT FORGET!
I agree -- switch parties -- we will embrass you - denounce his inability to denounce the KKK  and nazis -
Say his name. Condemn POTUS' words and back that up with action. I am a constituent and I vote.
Not a very bright one.
Tell your president that. Say his name. MAKE HIM OWN IT or the whole #GOP does. Please @SenatorTimScott #NoWhiteSupremacyHouse #ImpeachTrump
Are you finally siding with the rights of the Nazis, who had a legal permit, to demonstrate and practice 1st ammendment?
Sick of u and weak republicans not confirming the racist left antifa
This is the most cliche stamens ever. DUH. But we SHOULD NOT STAND BY and allow violence from any group.
Amen.  #Covfefe
"Jews will not replace us!" Trump: the media treated these people absolutely unfairly.
Are you going to denounce Trump by name?
You would denounce this... That says more about you than @realDonaldTrump ...
Have a look here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4uwyctYy0s … then reconcile Trump's statement: Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch.
"I believe marriage is between a man and a women" - Barack Obama / @BarackObama 

https://youtu.be/MpAEygIF0MQ?t=2s …
Will you disavow @BarackObama or are you homophobic?!?
Yes Obama was wrong when he said that and I gave him shit for it. He listened to me, changed his position and signed pro-LGBT legislation.
And now you give the president "shit" for this...you're a racist who only sees a person's skin color. You are what is wrong w/ this country.
No, I am what is right with this country. I stand against discrimination. You look the other way. You are what's wrong with this country.
