Not good, @realDonaldTrump.
Trump is a racist & antisemite! You supported him! Now figure out how to educate him or get rid of him! He is ignorant & knows NO history!
his daughter is jewish........
Our POTUS is not a racist & you know it. SC is watching what you say. This is TRUMP country! Stop playing to GOP establishment!
I will work tirelessly to remove you from the Senate. Your stance against @POTUS because he is against all hate groups is appalling.
bnu
Swedish Police Chief: The Antifas, Not the Nazis, Start the Violence http://gatesofvienna.net/2017/08/swedish-police-chief-the-antifas-not-the-nazis-start-the-violence/ … 
Love Tim Scott truthfully I don't want to talk about it anymore, it's out this was planned, Mayor forced police to stand down as I suspected
Missouri wanting our President assassinated nothing on news!Guess Nazi's killing cops!
So shocked the news didn't cover this, NOT! This is why they have the reputation they have, they earned it! You have a right to know
That's why they are given special liberties and special protections but they have truly squandered those rights by leaving out the NEWS! U C
Sir, I had so much respect for you until your remarks this week. The Pres. didn't say anything wrong. You're  following the leftist crowd.
Mr. Scott is standing up for something incredibly simple: what is morally just and true.
Can you explain?  It sounded more like cowering to the left.
senator last week u chose to grandstand.stop catering to those that will never support u.stop shooting inside the tent.dont become a RINO
Wonder how Senator Scott feels about BLM?
The whole Charlottesville incident smells. Why did police stand down? Where democrats trying to insure their would be a problem? Questions??
That is what soros wants he paid them to do this
You ate sich a disappointment! CV was planned for along time! Yet you blame our president why dont you all eork together with him ???

So disappointed in you.  I will not vote for you again. HATE IS HATE.  IT'S EVIL FROM THE PIT OF HELL.
And, you are falling into the trap of division set by the #Fascist #Democrats.
Way to go. I agree with you. Do not back down.
Dear Sen Scott, Please, ask former US AG #lorettalynch to end her campaign of violence and bloodshed against the American people. Thank you.
Antifa and blm are physically attacking people for being Trump supporters. Trump is the only one to acknowledge it. You are condoning it.
Once again, you forget to mention Jews are also a target of hate groups too! Perhaps join forces, instead of dividing. Power in numbers!
The GOP needs to tell the truth and support our President. He did immediately condemn KKK Nazi. He also pointed out alt left activities
The republicans and democrats are all for the NWO and they hope to achieve it soon
Have had such disdain for him 'til I recalled ~ w @CondoleezzaRice the connection of @GOP to Reconstruction Black Congressmen&legislators
On the other hand, JimCrow followed & racists & confederate descendants in @DNC fled to Nixon in 1968 making Senator an anomaly in staying
You just made the Rhino club sir. You can now join Graham, McCain, Sasse, Flake, Rubeo, Kasich, etc.to undermine our Pres & blick his agenda
Senator Scott, if you've stooped low enough to equate #Antifa w/black civil rights movements of the 60s, then you're not fit to be a Senator
Nancy Pelosi just repudiated Antifa. Trump was right! Can you step up as Nancy did? Ur disappointing
This great feedback ur getting, all fr libs. UR their hero today but as a republican they have no use for u other than yr betrayal of POTUS
How can you misrepresent leader of free world & your party. I used to admire you. I am disgusted with what you did! No honor sir! No honor!
I feel utter shame & disgust that you go to a liberal outlet who spews hatred & spins anything POTUS says & helps them stab him in the back

Thank you for your strong and measured words today on FTN.
You used to defend our president in such an eloquent way. So proud to have you supporting him. Then you do this to him for no reason at all
If Sen Scott is so concerned about victims of racism, why does he not condemn Altifa and Black Lives Matter???
GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP.STAND BY HIM AND STOP YOUR TRAITORS REMARKS.SHAME ON YOU.
And stop talking about Obama...he is gone! It's an excuse for your party's ineptitude! It's not Obama or emails...It's your damn President!
What about Sen Scott's lack of response and his support of THIS?
When did you turn Democrat? So long.....No votes for U from this entire family! SC can look FORWARD to some new Senators..MAGA
Tim; Need legislation that no Big Business, No News Conglomerates, and no Billionaires can own Media outlets. We need free commerce, media.
President Trump said violence and hate on Left and the Right is wrong.  Watch the Oann, The Other Side. No one supports Nazis or Marists.
Senator Scott, from a military Vet, we are so proud of you for standing up for what is right for all!
The people who loved your public rebuke of the president & not the people who voted for you. Talk to Trump face to face not through enemies.
I was so disappointed that you acted like Trump was racist in his remarks...you did not say he was but they twistef your words too.  Bye
Stick with our president or plan on finding a new job.
The left is morally corrupt so don't you dare talk about moral qualifications.  Nobody believes your BS Tim
Alt Left Anti Fa groups funded by Soros have been raising he'll at many GOP events. Look at Trump Campaign rallys last year. Just tell truth
Excellent statement!
You know why Trump has not spent more time in black communities.  It is disingenuous to answer the ? with "I don't Know".
Senator Scott, Don't EVER use that same make-up artist work on you EVER Again
"That should be the starting point not the leap" thank you! ... (and sorry you have to be captain obviously )
You are asking the president to do something he has never been capable of. He only cares about himself. Trump Authority not Moral Authority
Serious question,  Do republican Senators think they have a chance not being voted out?  I fail to see the logic in attacking the base
Senator Scott, a 71 y.o. intransigent man who participated in discrimination without remorse, & prejudged 5 teen boys who could have been
mine or yours, use his money & influence to condemn them & demand the death penalty & does not apologize to them when they are proven
innocent. Don't be the last one in the room to finally acknowledge who he is as a person.
Tim Scott, Thank you . I am so proud of you/hearing you speak the last couple of weeks and today on Face The Nation/Encouraged/Inspired
Good job senator. If the far right primaries you an any way in your re election. I'm done with the Republican party period.
Tim Scott, even though you represent the State of South Carolina thank you for representing me in the State Of North Carolina, Thank You
Thank you to @SenatorTimScott  for your thoughtful and accurate comments on the Presidents actions and inactions.
From day 1 the prez condemned ALL hate. Not good enough for you and the RINOs. Will vote for your primary opponents from now on.
Dreaming of @realDonaldTrump to sit down to discuss racial divide. Will continue to dream
@SenatorTimScott you can't even take a public stand on the confederate flag and you will never deny Trump. U R complicit. U will B judged
Great suggestions and solid advice for @realDonaldTrump but I will be surprised if he listens and does the right thing.
Really?Against our President?Statues?Russia Narr Failed Now Nazi's R Ppl Trump!Hate Tumpe hate USA!

Not a word about Obama Embracing BLM@WH They yell Kill Cops/Fry as Bacon!Antifa is Violent!
Do something. Challenge Mitch for Majority Leader. I bet, DJT would welcome it. #dumpmitch
Enough with the words of disappointment & consternation. Its time for action ! #Censure #Impeachment
Free speech rally Boston..
What a let down common sence shows violence was from extremest from both sides.
Sir. You should really Step Up and start #Impeachment.  There may be no recovery for the GOP. #Boston showed us who the MAJORITY is #Impeach
You lost the election and now you are throwing a tantrum. Its obvious from the outside looking in. Trump will NEVER be impeached.
These congress people talk about unity..all while turning their back on the President!! Freaking hypocrites!! Never get my vote again!!
No one should stand with a insane Racist like Trump. Give me a break with standby your man. They should do what's best for this country.
You're the one blinded by your hate! Seek help, immediately!
So disappointed in you, Senator Scott..you will never get my vote again!! Vote these Republicans out of office!!
Wow paint usRacist cause We don't tuck tail& run being  call racists Loving our President!
I voted for you..never again!!!
What did he do. Hes a black senator. He's spoken out on Trump. You must be a white liberal. u have no idea the racist remarks he's endored
it seem your IQ is not high enough ,do you heard about do not make trouble untill trouble troubled you .what you want ？make you showy ?
this world have not too much real important things ,only left how deal with status ?north korean may hit your roof ,your life is too boring
you try to pick up trouble ,this stauts in there long time ,never bother people`s daily life ,your mental have evil
Will he call out GOP complicity? Probably not... Trump is a major link in the bigoted chain the GOP manufactured over the years.
@SenatorTimScott 68% of republicans support @POTUS decisive reaction to #charlettesville how can you still stand with the @GOP knowing that!
Support #CensureTrump
Another cowardly republican who lets the media spew lies and define the narrative. Democratic Party is party of slavery and racism.
What took u so long. U were ok with all his shenanigans up to this. Took DeVose $$. U R a hypocrite. Not brave. A lot too late!#FIREGORKA
Please ask him why he still supports the racist GOP agenda.
See Tim they aren't going to stop now!Antifa called ISIS! side with them!
we need to move on . This is causing devision. Let it go. NO one wants another problem. I do not condone Nazi's do not give them air time
Awhile I LOVE and RESPECT @SenatorTimScott I WONT WATCH YOUR "news".
Please mention how the VA GOV is complicit for ordering the state police to stand down.

 
potus did NOT equate the counter protesters with the nazi, wht nats, kkk .. he was  talking about the violence of that event and he is right
he condemned the hatred n history of them...  but any sane person can see the antifa are at least as dangerous as the other hate groups..
It is NOT Antfa and BLM's fault that they haven't killed anyone yet .. they have hit with clubs, bike locks burned cars, building and all
want 2 give them a pass .. POTUS said NO .. they need to be called out too .. again he is right .. stand with our POTUS calling out ALL HATE
UR ONE OF THE GOOD SENATORS. 
INDEPENDENTS FOR POTUS!
It'd be GREAT if you occasionally book him for policy stuff. He can handle it. He's smart.
