BREAKING NEWS: @SenSchumer says Dems will also publicly make available the diversity stats of top Senate staffers.
Also, their announcement sounds familiar? https://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/scott-introduces-bipartisan-resolution-best-hiring-practices …
your party supports white supremacists, anti-semitism, sexism, and xenophobia. Your morality isn't something to brag about.
do you actually believe what you wrote, or just copying and pasting the Huffington post?
i know right! I think people use those words and don't even know what they mean.
it's sweet of you to assume I don't know what words mean! You're wrong, however.
those words get thrown around by the intolerant left when they have no leg to stand on.
well I'm not throwing them around. I'm using them with intention. I mean them.
then you know the definition of Intolerant and Hypocrite.
Diversity is a word I really dislike, one must hire people based  on educational merits & stop with using race or color BS!
How about starting with your Republican Party. It truly lacks diversity. Why only a handful of minorities?
the GOP ran 2 latinos, a black man, a man married to a Latino for president.
the Democrats ran a white male and white female
What's your point. In terms of demographics & party affiliation no comparison. Tokenism is not diversity
are you saying any minority GOP members are just tokens?
please share those suggestions with our president.  He could use some help.
as u said these insult come with the territory, deal with it and keep it moving
Listened to ur list of attacks on your character and blaming the liberal left. Why not expose attacks from ur party on u?
why did you skip out at the town hall meeting in mp after 1hour and Sanford had the balls to hang around.?
Is having a bunch of people who look different but all think alike really "diversity"?  @SenatorTimScott
Yes. This!! 
The question was not intended as a cut against @SenatorTimScott. This is the flaw at the heart of "diversity" political concept.
Because you are a man of Honor and integrity.

What diversity is there in the Black Caucus?
schemer is such a clown he needs to get to work and help govern instead of obstructing
lastly think about and focus on your legacy being the 1st in the south since reconstruction is a big deal
LIBERAL PLAYBOOK RULE #3; if u have no argument hurl every "ism" "ist" phobic name @ opponent. Grade school bully tactic
That's all he's got, divide divide divide. Time for some soul searching Sen Schumer. Not good for America
don't include yourself in your count
I'm so proud of you. Keep working hard, don't let anybody bring you down, keep praying and I'll pray with you and for you.
ask Shumer to check dems on diversity. How many r repubs?
So long as people keep focusing their attention to "diversity", differences will be all they see. We are all humans FIRST.
more identity politics instead of getting down to work and starting to help govern
It's about who can do the job best, not who can hire the most [insert liberal identity choice of the week].
paraded around with a racist. You are the last person the word diversity should be used in the same sentence. Horrible!
really Tim didn't I see you holding Putin Jr's bag at the in depth tour of AA museum. He made his black associates go. Sad
soon I hope, or do they need time to diversify first?
Sure & let's talk Basketball... oh it can't be that more black people play - it has to be a race thing right? SMH
~ #47 
I don't see diversity: all liars & worthless.  Where's diversity in that?
enjoy ur tweets positive, inspirational and informative thankful resident of SC
are you hiring?
- so strong!!! Keep it up
Yes, so please give advice to the rest of the national government, Republicans and Democrats alike.
I only see 2 black ppl  in ur pic lol that's diverse
I haven't lived there in a while, but did Berkeley county annex mt pleasant?
Oh, I see.  When I lived there, MP was small, but is much larger now.  It's probably grown into Berk County.thanks
U r that dream that MLK dreamed of. Use your platform in a way that represents the dream. Jeff Sessions does not!
Use ur power in a way to help your people and help others understand your people and not dangle it in their faces.
and u voted it away. U arrogantly throw around ur title as "power" Great! Thats what MLK had a dream about. U are his dream
the nerve of u taking photo ops at the AA Museum when u voted for racial oppression. U have the platform to help ur people
Yes, please let me know how many left handed people are on someone's staff because that's such an important qualification.
Perhaps imminent criteria would be loyalty to USA unlike IT brothers AMMAN Have they been arrested yet? Please
nice!
can you offer those suggestions to our attorney general and the rest of your party? Thank in advance 
Remember that time @BetsyDeVos bought you and you sold out your voters like me?
I wonder when we'll get past this crap & hire again based on who's best for the job. Not the best for feelings, race, & PR.
you tell them. Not a lot of innovative thought coming from that side of the aisle of late. Thanks for all you do
We're all diverse. Don't treat others differently. Same treatment for all.
I Will be a constituent b4 years end, will be great to have you as Senator.
Thank You Senator Scott
@rolandsmartin @SenSchumer Im appalled this is called Breaking News. #ImwithTimScott
Just hire who is best qualified! Problem solved you're welcome..
You're state is fortunate to have you as their Senator
The US has always been diversified. It's ALL about policy. Period. End of discussion!
that's great; however, it doesn't mean that it's not an issue in the office of others.
whatever happened to the best person for the job regardless of race gender or religion? passed up 2 many times for subpars

mic drop moment, good for you Senator Scott
imagine if shumer spent those efforts for us. americans who want a tax cut and approve cabinet so we can get going.  sheesh
Happy to see u respond to that, Roland is all talk. Don't see him in Chicago stopping no black on black crime.
Thank you, Senator Scott, for representing us ALL.
YOU'RE

TOP

SENATE?
owned
