Please #KeepThePromise and give us a #FullRepeal!!  No to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom
= lower quality physicians & longer waits for appointments 
Move
typical poorly educated reply--oh wait  trump loves the poorly educated from sc
What is ignorant is thinking a doctor or surgeon will go thru years of training & cost & then work for minimum wage: the GOOD ones will NOT.
Apparently "GOOD" is relative-look in the oval office
What an unintelligent response ... typical.
#FullRepeal on socialized healthcare in America. #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
Please vote for #FullRepeal of ACA. No to #AHCA-- keep the government out of healthcare. #UnitedForFreedom
House tweaks to Obamacare not even close to #FullRepeal. Stop this outrageous gov't overreach. Government is not Daddy. 
#UnitedForFreedom
Also POTUS 's fault as per liberal narrative
You tell the truth, thanks.
You think John Hancock, Patrick Henry comprised with Britain? No compromise on government out of healthcare! #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
Had you been working for the people of SC instead of the GOP, the ACA problems could already have been fix. Now you pushing something worse.
You guys seem to forget that ObamaCare has also driven up the price (deductibles) of non-exchange plans. 
tell that to the parents of children who wont be able to afford life saving medicine-of course it seems- if it doesn't effect me WHO CARES!
If Aetna wants out of ACA, then they should be removed from all Federal Insurance offerings.  Healthcare & prisons aren't profit centers!
They should not be allowed to take Medicare funds also.  And they should not be allowed to cover federal and state workers.
Your replacement bill is the largest transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich in the history of our nation.  It's a disgrace.  Read it.
You think someone we know might benefit?
How about work on fixing the exchanges instead of bragging about private companies screwing American citizens!!! #ACA #Fixit
Dems knew it wasn't sustainable. Medicaid doesn't cover costs of services. A rouse to get to single payer - where again, the ppl lose.
No...corporate profits outweigh human compassion...insurance companies are more concerned about stockholders than clients...
Some would argue the ACA was compassionate w $6/7000 deducts so we have ins but no access w/o thousands. Some help.
took @tedcruz advice and voted conservative up and down the ticket so you need to keep your promises of full repeal. #fullrepeal
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom! NO socialized medicine.
Do not forget abour your promise of a #FullRepeal. We haven't, nor will we settle. #NoReplacementPlan #KeepYourPromise #UnitedForFreedom
Not terrible news.  Lots of consumer complaints about Aetna.  SC Dept of Insurance will approve any rate increases right?
Maybe if you all would fund "obamacare"like you should this wouldnt happen-----
Hey! Why do you not make a suggestion that we use what they have in Australia.
just lost my dentist for my kids #obamacarefail
Dental is never covered under medical , sorry. Maybe The Senstor could see about  adding it to trumpcare.
#Fullrepeal. We do not need crony capitalism in healthcare.
Read your news more carefully and thoroughly. Edna has been taken to court for this. Ignoring this is creating fake news
They announced today that they are also  unsure of the new Healthcare law.
Because ya didn't support this bill. Senate and congress fault. Ya do not care and you are at the top of that list
They are an oligopoly can't survive paying for corporate jet rides...have to drop out no profit blackmailing you to keep grandma alive now
Obamacare to Aetna. Whom do you plan to sell insurance to when Obamacare is the only game in town.
Why do you not do something to fix it Senator.  Your friends from Midland Park would appreciate it. Rather than do away with their coverage.
Then do something to help! All you, @LindseyGrahamSC, & @RepJeffDuncan do is cry, complain, and vote to destroy our health care Do your jobs
Actually the only insurer left in SC is giving the best discounts and leaving us with paying less to providers than the others I had before.
The GOP wants it both ways. You've done nothing to propose fixes while allowing ACA to fail. But then, you are aware many buy the deception.
Sen Scott, are you enjoying rise in premiums? Because you are responsible yet do nothing to contain costs. Sabotage is ridiculous policy.
If you n your cohorts would talk to dems you could improve so that the insurers have an idea that there is certainty
It would not happen if you n your repub cohorts would support the ACA rather than talking negative; it is still law of land
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862692689631948800 …
It all about the money.
My Obamacare policy still better than what the House passed.
This is the GOP's doing. Y'all sabotaged the ACA. SINGLE PAYER is what we need & deserve, just like every other industrialized country.
Ever wonder why Tim? Do you think the Republican obsession with repealing the act has any influence?
All according to the #Democrat plan; they just did not expect the Republicans to win House, Senate, and WH.
ACA is only failing because you and your @potus have sabotaged it at every turn and you know it.
Ezekiel said everything is fine. And it's Ryan fault. Ezekiel is the band director on the titanic
Ball is in your court, senator. Will Senate undo Obamacare and prevent us from winding up with a single payer system?
Because REPUBLICANS made decision to block it's success. Just like to decision to oppose OBAMA no matter if better for country. SHAME
You've had 8 years to come up with something better. But you chose to just complain about the ACA & do nothing. #leadership
What's your answer to providing comprehensive, affordable coverage to people in the individual insurance market?  AHCA is even worse. 29466
Another state that chose not to take the Medicaid expansion.  Republican logic kills me.
Ray increase will be too high in 2018. Maryland Caregiver requested over 50% increase.
Ray... Many young people will choose lower wages, just to stay on Obamacare. If they make over $47,000 no subsidies.
Ray, premium for 32 year old making more than $47.000 Premium may be around $400 a month with a $6000 deductible
health Insurance state regulated. Plans could be customized around population. Taxes would come from county and state to pay for subsidies.
Figure it out the planned parenthood needs to go plus make abortion not prevention subject to deductible expcept in life saving cases.
We're not stupid. We're not influenced by this comment.
Yall are stupid enough to believe a 2011 manual is currently in the law.
And you think "market" economics will keep premiums and cost down? Not even close. I suggest you read up on other systems that are in place.
What measures have you introduced in recent years to protect our healthcare, Senator?
It's simple, stop sabotaging Obamacare and repair what is broken. You & the Repubs obstructionism has crippled your ethical & moral compass
This should lead Press briefing
Totally disagree.  I remember before ACA, premiums up hundreds of dollars every year and wouldn't cover preexisting conditions!
You helped it fail by putting party over people... shameful... cannot wait to VOTE against you!
No mention of the hasty firing of James Comey when getting too close to #Trumprussia ...distract, deflect! Senator you are sad & cowardly!
Give it a rest Tim. Anyone with an IQ above 80 knows this is because of the state government's choosing not to expand Medicaid.
Like how my employer only offers one insurer.No competition. For profit healthcare will never be easy cheap or full of options
Go Mags
Which party refused to subsidize insurance companies for high risk coverage under ACA?  It was YOUR party. ACA failed because of GOP
Thank you for standing up for the truth.
