You will be remembered very harshly by history for enabling destruction of our democracy & institutions for political expediency, senator.
Destruction of our democracy?  How so? Comey may have had good intent but he went beyond his scope - not authorized.
Well documented @realDonaldTrump was seeking pretext to fire #Comey b/c he viewed him as threat, impeachable offense
No one has for 180+ days since election produced a shred of legitimate Russia/Trump evidence. Time for new tinfoil hats & new conspiracy
You're not very bright, are you?
You know you have zero evidence so you resort to insults. Really enjoy your debating skills
Little Trumpkin, just because you cover your eyes & ears doesn't mean march of history can be stopped. He will go the way of all traitors.
Just because you shout lies over and over doesn't make them anymore true.
Terrible response.  Please find your own voice and stop carrying water.
The statement has cost you my vote sir!  You are not a true patriot you are a shill for Donald Trump!
Comey went too far and was held accountable n don't see how that is unpatriotic.
.@realDonaldTrump is OBSTRUCTING a federal investigation. Ignoring that means you're COMPLICIT -- we want a special prosecutor
Need to consider moving FBI out of Justice Dept. and up 1 level in govt. pecking order.
Senator you have been a disappointment and continue to be. He was fired because he was getting close to ties to 45. Not surprised about you
I honestly think the ELECTED officials would better serve this country to stop digging for dirt and unify for the people!
You cannot use Dem's calls for Comey's firing as an excuse to disregard our president fired FBI director who was INVESTIGATING HIM
@SenatorTimScott #FulfillYourOath & call 4 an independent commission & special prosecutor 2 investigate Russia’s election interference #ATN
I don't even have to read it. I can smell the bullshit from here.
I admire your capacity to look T the cover and proclaim expertise of the contents. Attaboy.
.@SenatorTimScott, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference
Do you Really  believe this drivel you spout? Can't wait for next election- how did you ever get elected?
this is South Carolina. Most people blindly vote R plus gerrymandering, & antiquated hackable voting machines
Interesting that in years to come that is definitely going to change as boomers like us move south
We need a special prosecutor. America deserves answers.

You know who else is a lawyer...
Please be brave and stand up!  Do the right thing and we will support you.

You represent me and other South Carolinians who want an independent investigation into trump's ties with Russia.
Senator did ever hear of a time to be quiet. This is one of them.
Surely now you can't support Trump!!
you are dillusional if you think he was fired over his handling of Hillary's emails -you can be replaced
Cop out.
The FBI was under a cloud long before Trump became POTUS.  Nothing to do with hard-working agents but with a few rogues and poor leaders.
And let's not beat around the bush. If it were Clinton, you would be standing on the WH lawn with other Rep's demanding her head on a pike
Liberals are nuts. You are doing a great job so glad you are my Senator.
Speak for yourself. How can you call people names you've never met? There is a bigger issue here than name calling. Grow up
Whatever you want to talk about name calling? Get real. Liberals are nuts.
Not really in the mood to talk. Oh im real, come election time I'll be very real. So your small talk doesn't bother me in the least.
Good you don't bother me either. See ya at the polls.
Doubt it...all good.
the word NAZI-National Socialist German Workers Party. 
The Nazis were socialist not conservatives!
Winston Churchill was the conservative!
You're a lapdog.  And we demand a special prosecutor NOW!
This is media's impatience and end run around techniques and how ineffective they are..hes likely going to use this as a teaching moment
You are seriously putting yourself in jeopardy with that comment. You republicans are allowing trump to destroy our democracy
WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION! Nothing else matters right now.
Thanks, Uncle Tom!
Are you saying Comey is incompetent and the firing was justified? This shows politics/party is more important than the country. Please pray
You ate complicit if you continue to defend and obstruct. It appears that the GOP is working extra hard to normalize corruption #TrumpRussia
Ideology before people I guess huh?
Make no mistake, it's not that he was fired. That SHOULD have happened 6mths ago! He was not fired UNTIL he became a threat to Trump. #maga
Democrats have not been calling for Comey to be fired. That's a lie. @SenatorTimScott @TheObamanista
Thank you for the great job you are doing for us.God bless
Doing a good job sir
You made this about the Democrats?  How about you make it about America.
Far be it for me to criticize such a distinguished group, but......do you think you idiots will EVER finish with even one "investigation" ??
which one of your corporate puppet masters drafted this for you? When you going to kill sc tourism by drilling/polluting?
myrtle beach ocean already bacteria infested and unsafe. May as well dump some oil in it too
Why are you defending Trump he's polling at 37% don't let this moron take u down with him. Plz Mr. Scott
You need to push for this investigation on behalf of your constituents. Please choose country over party.
please revisit this position.  The rationale for the firing just doesn't hold water.   Lead don't follow -a constituent.
Gross
What flavor was that kool aid?
.@SenatorTimScott
Wow, Tim Scott, you're really hitched your wagon to a star.
Unfamiliar with Scott, so you inspired me to check his page.
Funny - he's not the first official I've checked out who omits "R" from bio.
Do the right thing! You know this smacks of a cover-up. It's time to put country over party!
Dems were calling for an INVESTIGATION of Comey. Open and independent. Not for him to be fired by a dictator for personal reasons.
The GOP is defending the president's nepotism, breaking emolument's clause, spending like a coke head (he probably is), colluded with Russia
Well, you also thought confirming betsy devos was appropriate, so idk if I trust your judgement, so...
You are joking right? Comey lied to the Senate about emails so Trump could fire him and stall the invest. Y is the GOP defending this liar?
Well said
Here's the "what they are saying" you should be concerned about: what your constituents are saying!
What is it going to take for you to break party lines?
Well said, Senator.
What most Americans have an issue with....why was Comey praised? Why did it take so long to fire him? He could have been fired 01/20.
You are seriously going to lose ur core and we will remember all these missteps come mid year elections
Where's the transparency @realDonaldTrump promised? This has been one big joke and then the Republican Party sends out a mailing asking 4 $$
I know you have to be smarter than this Senator Scott. Anytime someone is getting close 2 the truth they r getting fired. Smh
A regular person would be fired long ago for taking so long to complete an investigation. Shame on the corrupt FBI
Just looks bad timing and optics are very important
Does this mean you support an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia?
Country before party sir. The dems shouldn't even be mentioned. Just do the right thing
Blame the dems? Really? If this was Hillary, your head would have popped off. Be objective. We need leaders, not followers
Disappointing
Do you remember Richard Nixon? Wake up Senator!
It is called a cover up Tim
You are a traitor to our country. #YourLastTerm
Tim you need to tighten up.
Have you heard of white supremacist...what about the Russians...kleptocracy?
Perfect. Thank you, Senator!
When are you going to realize our president is only in it for personal gain?
Not good enough. Your choice: stand up for your country or be remembered as a collaborator in trump's treason. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Thanks @SenatorTimScott #MAGA
The Director of the FBI serves at the pleasure of the President. It's his decision, and his decision only.
If only you could use the brain God gave you. Trump lies and you and Lindsey Graham hop on board to defend the SOB, and his cover-up.
Your statement is an example of why the Republican Party has become a poor example of integrity & patriotism for our children and nation.
Yes, but because you like demagoguery...don't expect the rest of us to fall for the bullshit, k. #Comeyfiring
I have lost all faith in you black man? Oh yeah I am a black woman I  now unfollowing you. You do nothing to advance our people
Actually, as a tax payer I wish you would stop enabling the Dems to waste my money on investigating a conspiracy theory.
Shame on you. How can you support this "man," who has done nothing good, decent, fair or right in his life? Country before party, sir.
We are supposed to believe that Trump fired him for mistreating Clinton? That is ridiculous. You are on the wrong side of history.
Of course you followed the repub line and said nothing; when will you stand up for the rule of law; afraid you won't get reel ected??
This is not a partisan issue. Stop being a Republican and start acting like an American and a defender of the Constitution #DoYourJob
You are a great disappointment. Sorry I voted for you. Never will again.
Ridiculous. Unconscionable.
It is time to be honest with yourself, break rank and call for an independent prosecutor to investigate this Russia issue.  America first!
thanks for being there for the people of SC and America
Thank you for your statement Sir. @brunelldonald @realDonaldTrump @larryelder @marklevinshow @seanhannity
You are ABSOLUTELY skating past what is at hand here, I felt you were different in your assessments,! I was WRONG!!
Thank you Senator Scott from a constituent.
So sorry I voted for you . It won't happen again.
Blaming the democracy and Hilary for this crazy, unhinged @realDonaldTrump actions is irrehensible and un justified. Take responsibility.
You believe everything that Trump say, I  don't expect you to do any different.
Nothing of the junk that is going on now. You all can stick your head in the sand,  the American people see clearly. Work together for once.
...bothside of the isle. Dem & Rep. I'm surprised you all can't remember the vow you took to obstructive everything 44 did. Yet you say,
Believe no one disputes the firing of Comey. Rather, it's the 'real' reason as to "why" and "how" it was done.
...all just get along, stop the bologna and do something constructive for your sc folks. So old is the constant bickering and obstruction on
Disappointed in you! This was handled very poorly by the administration as so many things have
Really @SenatorTimScott sound bytes after a long silence?
Senator Scott I for one am sick and tired of the blame-game. We elected you to get along and defend & protect the people of US. Can't you
This is a very well thought out statement. One Comey deserved to be fired -as Dems pointed out. Two FBI still exists to perform duties
Lapdog
Psst...we're coming for your seat, "senator"

@justicedems

#CountryNotParty
Empty words. Take a stand for America & support an independent investigation into Trump's Russian ties.
No effect? Not improve or empower? Hamper or delay. What was point then?
Party before country yet again.  You are complicit in destroying democracy.  Even the appearance of impropriety should cause concern.  Sad!
Quisling
Timing not suspect at all.  #ElephantInRoom
Comey needed to go! He Politicized his position. Please explain 2nd paragraph in termination letter. Not needed and creates suspicion.
Nothing but more party over people..  Shameful....
You are a very smart man and a great Senator.
Uncle Tom !!!!
Regardless of the nonsense you are pushing today, when has your party or this President done anything to appease Dems? Talking points...Sad!
Again, I'm contemplating moving to South Carolina, just so I can vote for you! I 'm a Georgia resident, but love going to Columbia.
Pay no attention to detractors...to think one man is the difference in this investigations shows how little they understand
What a pathetic response. Your falling for the rules of engagement of the fake news crew + Russian hysteria. Besides democratic hypocrisy
Bring up how Obama appointed AG's 3 page letter describing Comey transgressions along with his recent comments on Huma playing a role.
Any sane person who read Obama's deputy AG's letter would call for comey's removal. This along with his Huma and election Fiasco's.
@postandcourier why were US press banned from the meeting w/ Russians today yet Russian state propaganda outlet present?
@postandcourier Trump's approval rating is dropping, I bet yours will too. History has its eyes on you.
@postandcourier you are choosing partisan politics over the most fundamental values of our democracy. SHAME ON YOU.

No Tim, noooo.
Some of us lead, some of us follow.
actually @SenJohnMcCain is leading here.
Your such a smart and respected man.
Country over Party, a lost concept on GOP. SHAMEFUL
Thank you for showing support of the decision and your confidence in any ongoing investigations. 
This isn't about partisan politics, it's about America vs traitors in the White House. Who do you stand with?
amen
You are failing us.
I hope the price for your soul was good enough...
Thank you Mr. @SenatorTimScott
