not concerned with the contact. Concerned with the lie. Don't change the narrative
There is NO Lie dolt. Senator Sessions is an honorable man but you apparently are not honorable. DemRATS R immoral
you must have a TON OF FAITH to believe sessions is honorable. He perjured himself. Just like Clinton.
No he did not. But continue to believe the biased lie if you wish.
on a different note, do you believe hrc should be locked up?
YES! For multiple criminal activities.
and sessions is an honorable man, right?
Yes Very honorable. Prove otherwise. You can't other than twisted DemRAT Leftist logic. Lies, damnable lies.
But @CNN smell blood,they'll move in for the kill now! 
CNN is lying biased false media. They lie to advance their agenda.
@postandcourier he committed a felony. He should be in jail.
No he did not. DemRATS LIE.
Stand strong against the opposition; don't fall for lib witch hunts.  #StandUp4Sessions 
Absolutely. DemRATS protect their own but wimpy RINO's eat their own. Sickening.
Why don't you sack up and defend your colleague instead of letting progressives push their agenda and drive narrative?
Absolutely. The evil DemRATS defend their own but not the wimpy RINO's. America First! Trump 2020!
You belong in the Ms. Lindsey Graham McCain anti-"America First" globalist Neocon wing of the RINO Party.
except it is a pack of political theater lies! Why aren't GOP members defending him?
Exactly! DemRATS defend their own but not the wimpy RINO's. Sickening. America First. Trump 2020!
Why do you hate Christian, non-Communist Russia?
Why isn't anyone investigating the Clinton Campaign & DNC ties to Russia?
with all due respect, you are giving in to the loud minority @DNC and media. Ur support wouldn't change if u don't give in
although I believe J S should have stayed on the Russian case your defence of him was good to hear
can not believe that you are going along with this smear campaign. Maybe SC was wrong about you. We already have Graham
That's not enough. He lied. He should resign. Here in #SC, we are counting on you.
#SessionsRussia #SessionsLied #perjury
WRONG!!!!
I don't believe you.
agreed.
why doesn't Media report what Schumer said when AG Lynch was caught meeting Bill C This is a witch hunt to take Trump down!
u r the voice of reason! Please don't let Washington political crud ever change u
Funny how the media and democrats are crying out! Too bad they did not due the same with Benghazi !
he had no improper contact.he was a senator,that's their job to be in contactThere is no proof and that's should suffice.
Check the videos, OBAMA should be out on the streets cause he spent lots time with this Russian. C'mon man. Goose n gander
I like you but Bull donkey. His contact not improper nor part of campaign. You are on the wrong side on this one.
He committed perjury    !!
You need to be calling for his resignation.  He perjured himself during his confirmation hearing! In what world is that ok?
He did not perjure himself! Read the transcript instead of regurgitating the vomit of someone else.
Charleston, SC, & the entire nation are counting on you. Joshua 1:9 #Strong&Courageous
@RandyWells007 Sessions has integrity, you on the hand...
You should do as the (D) do. "Don't eat your own" (R).  Shhh, silence ...........
I am so grateful that you agree that it should be investigated. Our democracy depends on a fair & impartial investigation.
is there going to be an investigation as 2 y the state department ok'd the sale of uranium 2 a Russo company?
AG Sessions lied under oath!!!  Don't you get it??  Investigate the Russian connection, now!
He lied under oath. I don't see how he is fit to be AG if he cant honestly answer questions after swearing to uphold truth.
I totally disagree with you on this. The hysteria over this will allow Dems to continue ad hominem attacks to stoke base.
please don't get sucked in to this hysteria. SupportSessions!
I am tired of hearing about the Russians! Do not believe Sessions did anything wrong democrats just trying to slow things
he should be impeached for perjuring himself to Congress. He saud it himself. Oh wait, I forgot the double standard.
do you think there should be a special prosecutor and if not why? I'm asking for my students. They want to know
How about the Uranium sale to Russia by Hillary & Hussein Obama? How about Republicans sticking together for a change?
judging by these comments, you and your fellow senators need to remind people how serious perjury is.
Except it isn't perjury. Read the transcript before you fall into the morass of lies. Good grief!
I don't not believe he was compartmentalizing  his duties as surrogate and senator in his sworn answers.
Ah! Clairvoyant?
We are talking about Jeff Sessions. Our personal and/or professional activities have nothing to do with it.
You said, "I don't believe..." Belief and facts are not equal.
Ok, what are the facts?
He did not perjure himself...he answered Franken's stupid ? appropriately and to the point. Secondly, as a senator he meets
Wish Holder or Lynch had his integrity.
When the shoe is on your foot, we will recall your words. We will want a full investigation of anything you're accused of!
i dont agree...when are the repubs going to STOP tiptoeing around the dems  he did NOTHING
What was improper about his contact with the Russians? He answered Franken's question. Nothing more.
an independent investigation needs to be done. He lied as others have lied in this administration about Russia. #perjury
recuse is not enough. there needs to be a special prosecutor. do your job and demand an open investigation
Including Jared failing to disclose a meeting with the Russian ambassador.
Jeff Sessions needs to resign. He lied under oath and cannot be trusted to do the right thing in his role as A.G.
playing nice is good but you must call them out when needed
yal better get your crap together and start standing together or yal will go dwn QUIT EATING YOUR OWN
No he should never have tecused.  He did nothing wrong.  Call for an investigation into the Iran dealings on prior admin.
Where is the evidence he was in contact as a campaign worker and not senator which is what you all do every day?
So ur thong n wad re:#JeffSessions what about #HillaryClinton selling 20% #US uranium to #Russia?
yes! Thank you for choosing country over party!
the AG lying under oath is what should be investigated.  Do the job we elected you to do senator. Demand action today!
Then you and @LindseyGrahamSC need to push harder for investigations into Trump's team members; they're falling to Russia
OK, then do it, resolve the f'en issue!
Step 1, but not enough
I'm disappointed Sir. A review of the transcript would set this to rest-he DID NOT LIE. Why must Repubs always bend?
he needs to resign for his lie
only the conservatives would follow the law. Left know nothing about that unless it's people in the right
please follow though and investigate.
What's bad is typical person knows these are desperate witch hunts. Dem priority is not on country, & will lose more seats
That meeting was held on a airline tarmac between Lynch and Bill
stop being a rhino and democrat...this is fake news and red herring tactics by democrats and rhinos
@mlkingh - how do you know it's improper before being investigated?
When would you ask for his resignation?
any improper contact should be investigated? That's brilliant. You're a genius.
you have finally stood up for America
great, so I guess you're going to call for an investigation into Sessions' improper contact and perjury.
Then start investigating instead of just giving lip service!!!
much ado about nothing-excess attention to things that obama should have gotten under control. Left afraid of rt success
this is a terrible misleading yet. Sessions was a US Senator hardly an improper meeting.
are you encouraging investigation?
he lied under oath don't protect him
He did not lie under oath. Read the freakin' transcript of the idiotic ? Franken asked.
Reviewed entire question/answer. Who is part of a campaign, so how many Senators, during 18+ months, met with Russians?
Money laundering - we know why Clinton & Co were so desperate to frame Trump with ties to Putin http://www.thevillagesteaparty.org/hillary-clinton-crooked.html … …
will we investigate any improper contact by Hillary and Obama?
why are you republicans so quick to throw in the towel and give into the Dems. AG did nothing wrong! #StandWithSessions
Perjury is against the law. When will this be punished?
Dont be one of "them". They are why congress has such a low approval rating. Why I'm considering leaving the R party.
should help Sessions
...w/any capacity as C, SFRC as he did with at least 20 others. But... you're still the best Senator we have.
....administration via 16 other agencies before applying civil rights is treasonous. Session's had every right to meet...
.@SenatorTimScott You must push for an INDEPENDENT prosecutor, sir!!
I disagree even though you're my all time favorite Senator. Obama's broad powers given to the NSA to destroy this...
I am not a Republican, but, as an African American, thank you for the example you have set. I wish you continued success.
yet you support someone who puts this country in jeopardy, that is deplorable.
yes, but it wasn't improper was it.  Where's the proof (not that it matters down this rabbit hole we live in.
armed services committee has these meetings the question was about the campaign. This is political BS
Then support his resignation. This is getting ridiculously obvious that @SenateGOP is in on the #coverup.
Yeah obviously there is a plot or cover up if your criminal candidate lost election. Keep crying
WRONG!!
!
@Emma_Dumain When Jeff Sessions answers a yes/no question with "I don't believe so", he is lying #Sessions #lockhimup
He should resign and face jail time for perjury in his confirmation hearing.
Another stupid comment. Read the freakin' transcript!
Ah, the name-calling. If you don't have facts, resort to that.
how many times do you need to prove nothing happened to accept it though? 5 times? 10 times? 10000 times? Let us know
Please offer us evidence of illegal contact. Thanks. Why do Republicans cower even before proof?
Investigate what?No evidence of any wrong doing! What's wrong with you. Dems made this up and you are running with it! STOP
you support Devos so it is natural that you support the racist, bigoted AG Sessions maybe you should resign
"Any improper contact" did not happen.
@LindseyGrahamSC I hope y'all realize this little Democratic tantrum is probably bought and paid for by George Soros.
Can you cite a statue that makes contact improper??
Except that it wasn't improper contact. He was a sitting senator and did nothing wrong.
he needs to resign
Because?
Did #ClaireMcCaskill sell her influence to the Russians when she was talking to them?? HMMMM?
No one knows for sure.
Like Flynn's resig Sessions's recusal is an act of vol accountability will only feed the piranhas and attract more bites
it would best to have the facts first! Don't believe everything the Libs/Dems are spouting!
don't feed into the Dems hysteria Sen Scott by making comments like this.  You are a Sandlapper sir; man up
Bullshit. GOP always eats their own while Democrats  get away with anything
Ain't that the truth!
Recusal is not enough! He lied under oath...he MUST resign just as you'd have a Dem appointed AG do! Don't be a hypocrite!
oh my gosh...Dems lie all the time! How would be able to tell?
Not the issue. Fact: he perjured himself. Under oath. For the position of head of the US JUSTICE DEPARTMENT! Enough said!
Yes but can you trust the investigaters?
just to pacify anti-American scum on the left. What a waste of resources. Dems are pathetic.
Give me a break. This is a witch hunt and u know it. Pull your heads out of your asses and start pushing back.
As citizens we see these things through a different filter.
he should step down.  You'd agree if your mouth wasn't so full of old white man dick.
Independent investigation, none of you corrupt senators!! You've proven you're up for purchase. A bargain at $49,200.
Yes DeVos bought your vote...
Senator, I believe you are a good man. So let's get busy on getting things that mean something done.  Please!
wasn't on behalf of the campaign though. Still a wise decsion for recusal.
I hope an America First Patriot candidate will step forward to run against you in the GOP primary. Backstabber.
You're a tool of the left. Will remember this when left prints fake stories about you.  @realDonaldTrump
trust Sessions100% however, I live in SC and nobody I know worried about Russia, we all voted Trump because of his agenda.
you must not get out much
agreed but please back AG. These stories are garbage.
extremely narrow in scope. Only applies to investigations during campaign. Session's is very crafty Tim. Even fooled you!
He is an upright man that should be defended instead of you republicans sounded like the dems. SAD!! 
Why did the Left love Atheist Communist USSR but now they hate & want war with Christian, free & non-Communist Russia? Hmm?
except there was no improper contact wasting tax dollars again because the Democrats are trying to discredit everyone Trump
@MaryCaitlinByrd The right decisions is not lying in the first place. Who raised you wrong?
Real brave, waiting until it's a done deal to make your statement. Did you clear it w DeMint first?
Respectfully, this is just giving in to the theatrics of people you will never please-no reason to recuse for DOING HIS JOB
STOP- manufactured news
Your anti-Trump bias is obvious and it has been from the beginning. You are NOT an America First patriot.
you serious? Scott deep throats Trump's little nuggin,  balls and all.
even if that means this administration is guilty of it? Country over party then as well?
When are you going to address all the things the left is doing. This is getting old.
he didn't mention recusing himself from Russia related inquiries, only campaign. Big difference.
Special Prosecutor only answer. Too much  flying around
You might want to look at MCain then! Saudi, Russian and Soros ties?
Agreed - always good to recuse oneself from an investigation into nothingness 
There was nothing improper.  Sessions was doing his job.
lying under oath?
Not a choice, a requirement.
UNITED STATES IS UNDER ATTACK FROM WITHIN... WE VOTED FOR #MAGA but our @realDonaldTrump & @VP  fighting 4 us by themselves
I am sadden..the @potus really don't have any of the @GOP backing from these demonCrats attacking him with the intent2 kill
Sen Schumer and pal Putin yukking it up
DemRATS are hypocrites and LIARS.
There was no improper contact. What about innocent until proven guilty. Show some loyalty for an admin under constant fire!
Improper contact?? He met w/ Russian ambassador as sentaor and member of armed services committee. Stop taking the bait!
Why not Speak out about this Earlier?
there is nothing there!  If it were a Democrat they would laugh it off!
, it makes no sense that Russian would rather have a strong Trump presidency than a weak Clinton one. They ran overher b-4.
except for Trump being their puppet.
I disagree he should of held fast if he did nothing wrong. Republicans will continue to lose the argument against the dems
So right!
Ya'll in DC are just disconnected from the rest of the Country. No one cares about this media crap. 76% want the agenda.
"Oopsie! Up to 30 Democrats should resign for meeting with Russian diplomats in 2015" http://twitchy.com/samj-3930/2017/03/02/oopsie-up-to-30-democrats-should-resign-for-meeting-with-russian-diplomats-in-2015/ … #Hypocrites
so glad you agree - I'll sleep well t night. #careerpoliticians #neednewideas #draintheswamp
How about #ChuckSchumer?
how would him talking to ambassadors be improper in his role??
D Howard is correct this is all about optics...he did nothing wrong but it will b sweeter when Dep AG finds zero on 2016
"Improper?" It was his job to meet with ambassadors! How about holder and "fast & furious?" Ok to sell guns to mexs?!
Wrong move on this one.   Dems will never stop.  Nothing improper has seemed to occur.   Dems met with Russians too.
the republicans need to grow a pair. If they don't fight back the dems will take down the president. Stop giving in to them
@JanJohnsonFL @SenatorTimScott vote them out and vote in a republican.
Maybe you should let @Rep_DevinNunes know how you feel rather than trying to "CYA"
I voted for you sir and we cannot give into every temper tantrum the Democrats have.  This is just a witch hunt.
