Tim you can start with Trump and his HATS 
"Growing the economy" = growing corporate profits. Which usually means greater social stratification. Labor crates value, not capital.
Senator Scott is a breath of fresh air compared to the crooked people in Washington
Too bad dems just want to hate trump and spend ALL their time spreading hate, gossip and misinformation.
Guy
Hey! I heard that on “The Nightly News with Lester Holt, riiiiiiight!
Unemployment is less than 5%, you dope!
So let's work to keep it that low you dope!
Well put.
Sorry, bad traffic jam this afternoon.
Lmao
Unfortunately,  if the way our corporations spent the economic recovery incentives following the 2008 crash is any indication...
They will use the tax windfall to merge, automate and outsource whenever possible.  Their goal, as always, is to maximise profit not jobs.
Rich donors want tax cuts. That's all this is. They want a return on their investments into the GOP & are threatening to close piggy banks.
This tax plan cuts medicaid and medicare. 80% of the benefits for this plan will go to the top 1% so just who was it crafted for?? 
It’s about jobs & spending!  That’s what drives our economy.  Tax cuts to Individuals, families & companies = more $$$ in economy!  #MAGA
Correct!
Trickle down/ Voodoo economics are bullshit.
Cause democratic policies have worked out so well for the poor.
Never adversely affected my life.
Right it's all about you.
If it was all about me, I'd be a Republican.
You need to read up a little more on our countries political history champ
You need to read up on plural vs possessive nouns, champ.
Keep deflecting.  Someday you will sound like you have a point I'm sure.
Yep. Coal jobs the future. Lol
Economy means produce & sell in the process create employments earn revenues settle debts. Voila! Peace reality?
So why does trump tax plan make corporations foreign earned income tax free? Seems like a disconnect there
How? So stupid.  They don't say how because they can't. Liars
With coal? Jobs of the future? Hahahaha. China is already stealing jobs in solar.
Corporate tax cuts do nothing for the average American.  You're lying.
Amen
Unemployment is already low, but income inequality has increased. Rich don’t like to pay more. Try another strategy to increase wage growth?
Make it happen.
@CaseBossOnline DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SITE!
We need to "incentivize" the left to want to work. Start reducing entitlements. Otherwise those jobs will remain unfilled.
Wow!That’s a concept the Democratic Left Wing Liberals will NEVERunderstand! It’s gotta be bad because President Trump made it happen,right?
He speaks well


Tim Scott explains this the best way possible. All Americans paying taxes benefit but, middle class benefits in not one but, two areas.

"2 pillars: more take home and build future" #keepyomoney Sen Scott keeps focus on the people he works for.
Excellent explanation of tax cuts by Sen Tim Scott. He explained in a way that I understood tax cuts of who would get tax cuts and why !
Ask any economist...withdrawing fr/ the TPP & Paris Accord was a big step BACKwards for jobs of the future. The Future is renewables & Asia.
Thank you Sen. Scott @SenatorTimScott for working.
False bet assuming Wall St. reinvests in jobs for Americans with its newfound phat EBITDA per tax overhaul. Greed is God ... for them. Ugh
Love this guy! Bet the liberal D's see him and have all sorts of vile thoughts that they then project on others!
Cutting taxes over 8% on the top 1% will grow @realDonaldTrump ,s fortune, will increase middle class taxes. Too bad none of you tell truth
That doesn’t happen without revenue Tim. Cutting taxes means less money for programs and increases debt. Simple math.
So cut the abused programs! Problem solved!
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/10/18/16496190/mnuchin-rule …
Thank you, Sen Scott.Good to know our message is getting thru to Congress.We the people want this tax http://cut.You  work for us. 
Love what you have to say Tim Scott!
REAGANOMICS PROVES TAXES DON'T BRING JOBS TO AMERICA, ON CORPORATE OWNERS SAY SO, TAXES FROM CORPORATIONS DON'T BRING JOBS. TAXES TAKE MONEY
#BuildTheWall NOW
When you grow the economy include a clause that says profits will be shared with workers in the form of increased wages!
So company tax breaks don't grow our economy companies just make more profit they don't hire or increase wages  demand of product does
Death Tax is double taxation. Ppl paid taxes all their life, now they pay for dying? Hurts family farm. #repeal
You Tim Scott either don’t have poor ppl in your family or disowned them after becoming senator. Trickle down don’t work for poor ppl.
Young people want jobs waiting for them after college. #MAGA
Finally a democrat with #common sense
He's a republican FYI
75 straight months of job growth under Obama. Trump is just enjoying the benefits.
Death Tax! Repeal it. Family Farms have to dissolve+ sell to developers just to pay estate tax. Tax ppl for dying?
@SenatorTimScott telling us to "Prepare for the worst" after republicans gives tax cuts to the rich #Incompetent #taxcuts #PastFAILURE #DEBT
.@GOP #FAILURES of the past #Incompetent #Doom
We agree with you @SenatorTimScott!! You in the Senate can pull this off Thank You for working so hard for the American people God Bless You
Duh! EVERYONE wants that! Giving billionaires tax cuts is NOT how to do it. That Golden Trickle Down just showers the 99%.
That isn't what Fox or the GOP was saying for past 8yrs. What happend to "Bring back coal and to hell with solar"
Economics 101 increase the basic wage, have the 1% take a pay cut, start working on the infrastructure ASAP.  Forget the Trump Tax CON 25 45
But they won't be because AI and Robotics technology will mature, which COULD be a good thing.
Tim, define if you can,the “jobs of the future”? If you don’t know what they may be, how can you grow an economy tailored to do that???
GOP lies.

http://8harps.com 
Well do something. Talk is cheap. It's all you do in politics. Try to get something accomplished.
And no one, except the president, thinks coal mining is a job of the future.
He doesn't either.  Called pandering for votes
They pay to the death of people
Because that's not important but making sure trumps lies continue is
Was health care Corruption
Why no reporting on the 84 children that were rescued from child trafficking ring by FBI
Yes agree

The very 1st who attacked POTUS on petty talking about decency. Communists=truth is appaset of vows- good indicator of reality. Cut Chinese
Keep the jobs here in America so we can give them all to Mexicans,Indians ,and Pakistanis

Except we are looking toward coal with this administration.
blah blah blah.....the swamp rhetoric continues...what you want to do and what you are doing are vastly different topics
Move into training for higher level jobs and make college a more viable option for low income Americans.
Since the economy has been growing for a year, the future is already here and so are those "future" jobs. 
Aren't they?
Yes they are
Why don't you start with the Trumps and move their manufacturing to the US? That would set a good example. But I won't hold my breath.
Let's grow the economy but not our debt.
Can't do one without the other
They dont understand how to grow strong business.
Isn't is sad that the only thing Trump can take credit for is something he had no part in? He inherited a good economy.
He's making America proud. He's making America great again. So you might as well get on the Trump train and help.
He is a snake oil salesman. He is full of excuses. He has done nothing so far. He is dragging this country down.
By... 

Wait for it...

GIVING A HUGE TAX CUT TO THE RICH...

There it is.
We will never reach the Golden Age of American manufacturing again. We are the wrong part of the world for it to be cost effective.
That’s why the gop is trying to make everyone so poor they’ll take jobs that pay 12cents an hour then we’ll have our jobs back
We will have to wait for the next generation of workers. To build business,  cause these present businessmen inherited their businesses.
How exactly does an inheritance tax break for the ultra rich accomplish that?
Like coal instead of clean energy.
Yes!
We need tax reform/tax cuts now!
Pass the bill!!
What will the Trumps pay? Is that such a hard question 2 ask? We deserve 2 know if the man pushing this policy will benefit & in what way!
#KeepYoMoney!
