Actually, as a nationwide experiment, it failed in performance and quality.  But who needs facts.
Facts are worth forgetting to Ryan.
Paul Ryan, posting a photo of black kids smiling, because that proves the policies he supports are totally not racist.
If charter schools are so racist why r so many black parents I know choosing them over the failing NYC public schools? #GetANewTalkingPoint
Has anyone checked to see if even one ghetto child with no transportation is getting to a charter school?? And having lunch??
My bff is black & principal of a charter school in the ghetto doing great work. His kids walk or take yellow bus to school & get free lunch.
Public schools work, too, you buffoon.
Question, Paul: In school choice, what happens to kids with neglectful, dysfunctional parents? Oh, yeah: They suffer and you don't care.
Shouldn't your state step in with neglected children? I know here in SD you lose your kids, no second chances.
My mistake. I thought some kids got stuck with shitty parents. Didn't realize the problem was fixed. Thanks for that.
Snark isn't the answer Miss June, insist your state DOJ *do* something about it. Action not assholishness is the way.
Miss Tina: Snark is the answer. It exposes the absurdity of acting like already-screwed kids don't get thrown to the wolves w/"choice"
I doubt snark will do what you expect. However, I already know about the "system". That's why I know how it works in SD. But snark away!
School choice throws vulnerable kids to the wolves while forcing their parents to pay for the better-off kids' schools.
And you, @SenatorTimScott voted for the incompetent @BetsyDeVosED !! Family gave you $$$$$$!!!!
Don't try and act like you care about middle class. No tax cuts for billionaires. Lying conman phony crook @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS @MSNBC
Make a bigger difference: Do something about Trump.
Something like repeal and replace Trump??  Oh no, then the Pencemeister would be Pres.  We are screwed!
Nope. I'm not falling for this "look at me i believe in diversity" nonsense.
Too bad both sides do it...
Lol left does it waaaaayyyyyyy more.
Not sayin they don't, just that both sides of the aisle have a lot of fuckery goin on. It needs to stop.
 yes lots.
True speaker.. Options always win in the end.
Stop the endless Russian investigations. Back Trump to fire Mueller. Things need to get done.
#desertprogindivsible Vouchers are NOT school choice for anyone without lots of discretionary dollars. The GOP message is a cruel lie.
I'm from rural KY. There is 1 high school in the county. Choice?
Paul Ryan refused to support Trump before election & he still refuses to fight for the agenda the American people voted for. Time for change
#SchoolChoice because a child's zip code should not limit their ability to be taught how to Code #WednesdayWisdom
Embarrassing these same kids YOU TAK8BG HEALTH CARE AWAY FROM.Also Family. Enablers of #OleBoyNetworkCell13  SIC..
Keep our public schools work all our public schools need more funds 2improve education math science reading the arts all this & more
#seperationofchurchandstate works, it has made a difference in the lives of millions. US taxes should not fund religious indoctrination
You know nothing about public education
@SpeakerRyan please put this #photooftheday into action!  #EdTaxCredit50 catapults #SchoolChoice across this country! @EdTaxCredit50
Aww what a nice bullshit photo op. Can't wait to see you in prison #PaulRyan
I guess trump still hasn't done anything wrong? You are going down too when it's all said and done
Neo-liberal much? Leave the working class, disabled & rural SOL, make a solid lower class that can't think. Geenie in a bottle! #PaulRyan
Yeah... no.  Check the stats, talk to actual teachers/parents. Better yet, check out Denmark. For the bulk of families #SchoolChoice SUCKS
And the data that backs this up?
You know what else works? ACA/Obamacare. NO REPEAL!!
School choice is the  Koch Brothers plan to destroy public education.
#MinistryOfTruth
#BananaRepublicans
#KochPuppets
#Corrupt
#Resist
RYan and McConnell must go. You hate Americans so go to Russia.
Sneaking behind the American people to enable Drumpf to create the R go to subject changer...WAR. YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL
It's fascinating that people could oppose school choice. The left applaud diversity, but not if it undermines unions and big government.
The left wants everybody to look different and think the same... And when they don't get their way we they throw an #ANTIFA temper tantrum.
No,  that's your President that throws a tantrum.
Your president, too.
I'm happy for you now pass the health bill
Agreed but u need to be working on HC reform now. Failure to take HC action dooms us to Demo rule starting in '18. Repubs can't govern.
School choice defunds public schools in favor of less qualified and less regulated private ones. That dog don't hunt Paulie
Just because parents enroll doesn't mean better quality. Look at data.
.Our taxes pay 4 schooling.@BetsyDeVosED.I don't know where ur heads r at, private school!We're living paycheck to paycheck.Are ANY of u 1/
.Even thinking of 99%?Tell you what. Next time I need to buy a Gucci or Louis Vuitton bag, I'll call Betsy. Tell her to hold her breath
Paul, did you have school choice when you were growing up? How did it work out for you? Leave some behind? Move some forward?
Go away.
Good, well funded public schools work, too.
Damn... you finally found some black people to take a picture with...  I'm surprised..
Why the hell are you not holding @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  accountable?
Actually, school choice research is mixed at best. Many "choice schools" cherry pick the students they'll take.
Get off your ass and get health care done you dope. We are ready to vote out the lot of you in 2018 if you don't do what we elected you 2 do
How about fix our system not just run it into the ditch
Works for some
You can do this but no repeal of Obamacare??? I'm still without insurance with this disaster

Its only "choice" if the same options exist for everyone. Otherwise its systemic inequity.
The Republican Party & POTUS Trump are steeling out tax dollars & are giving it to the Schools of THEIR Liking not the American People
Ryan it's not The Right to choose when Devos is steeling money from Public schools & giving it to the Schools of her choise not The students
Really
Word to all republicans we the people aregoing toreplace youall withnew runners forthe Republica party Will nothave a jobafter nextelection
Thanks for not doing Nothing  for what we put you all in office and gave you control for
No it doesn't. Look at the research. Repeating things over & over do not make them true
If trump/GOP really cared about healthcare he'd bring women and Democrats to the table to discuss it. He won't because he doesn't
The work u done so far in 2017 has made Democrats look more organized
#FakeLeader.

Quick change the subject...No healthcare to see here...move along...
Pell Grants doesn't matter either and nor do subsidized loans. But your pushing school choice. Drop the Strings Puppet
So not only r usupporting Dispey msg/no data 2support oops that doesn't matter. So I am assuming Pell Grants
You don't work. You collude. #GOPutin
Disgraceful. Rich/poor divide. Way to support more rifts in America. Ugh. "Great again"? BS
Would also make a difference if u weren't a sneaky underhanded Speaker. @RepBarbaraLee deserves better & so do we!
Ryan stripped my 01 AUMF repeal amdt from DOD Approps in the dead of night. This is underhanded & undemocratic. The people deserve a debate!
Was touched once wen speaker lying listened carefully to elderly veteran #townhall then smiled during vote to take his healthcare next day
That poor lady probably had to stand in the shower for 18 hours to get the stank off. If I got within 5 ft of him, it would take me a week.
You are so dirty.
#maddow #ImpeachTrumpNow .@CNN
.@SenSchumer .@SenFranken .@MarkWarner .@SenWarren .@SenGillibrand .@OversightDems
 Come fellow SNOWFLAKES
We're AVALANCHING the .@realDonaldTrump feed
JOIN THE FUN
  PLEASE RETWEET …
So why you cutting funding
Public school works - and it has made a difference in nearly every American's life @GOP
Would be fine , if it was practicable for all students.  That's "practicable".
Awesome 
so give us health care choice. Repeal obamacare and don't give us another govt healthcare program. Restore liberty
wrong wrong wrong the three R's
How's it hanging limp biscuit?
Nope
“[T]he vote would have been, if you look at it, 48-4. That’s a pretty impressive vote by any standard.” - pres. Trump on healthcare
You lie. Shame on you.

More bullhit from Paul Ryan
Repeal Obamacare!
How about you stop cutting public education funds for all schools? Make the schools in poorer areas better! Don't cut science, and the arts
you will just jump from sinking ship to sinking ship. Stop for a second and think if you're wearing a life vest

Stop pushing your school choice religious bullshit down our throats. It's a no go!!
13 kids benefit, millions don't. What kind of school did you go to?
Too bad you throw public schools under the bus.
I'm sure it has, but how is school choice working overall?  Are you glossing over the failures?
But I'm sure you don't have an answer to that, do you?
He has no answer to why he deserves 270k a year for life after leaving office either. I made coffee 2 weeks ago. Still waiting on an answer.

School choice is great. But, when a private school is chosen, gov't money should not be given to the student. Parents should pay for it.
If you can afford the choice damn right it works. What about all those that can't afford it? I know. Republicans say too bad
Why do you want to turn people against their neighborhood schools?
Go sit in the corner with your nose in this circle O.#COWARD
keep ur mind on healthcare, tax cuts no wonder nothing gets done
Well. This makes sense. Destroying public education is essential if Republicans are to fulfill their dream of destroying American democracy
School Choice works for some and traps others in poorly funded public schools. Strengthen our public schools.
No it doesn't. Check the studies. Especially in Michigan where Devos is destroying public education.
Choice should mean more than shoddy oversight for students and dismal teacher preparation and career opportunities.
Bullshit it works
School Choice creates greater gap between "haves"/"have nots"; so many will be left behind; poor, special needs, parents w/o transportation
So does health insurance.
It doesn't work. No scientific study has always otherwise. A picture of smiling kids won't change that fact.
Ryan quit taking pictures and go to work!!
School choice is a Repunklican con to get public money for religious schools and to eventually end public education. Fact.
I'm all for school choice, but it alone cannot take the place of trashing/eliminating communist core.
#SchoolChoice works for a select few, but public education works for MANY, and it has made a difference in MORE kids' lives.
Aren't Republicans taking money away from Public Schools. Stop acting as if you care #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #CoConspirator! "No Leaks!" right?
Rural America (yes ironic) that carried this ticket doesn't have school choice.What are U offering those students &families. Reduced budgets
You can't fool us. We know you hate smart people and minorities. You're a bigot. Eat 
So now you want taxpayers to fund private academies. Because we're just oozing with extra taxpayer money, right?
Not signing my kid's rights away. And I will file suit if any services are taken away due to funds illegally going to religious schools.
lies. Lies. Lies. It's a method to defund public education and provide an uneven playing field.
...I do NOT want my tax dollars funding private religious institutions.
If YOU want school choice, then create a separate program for it that doesn't take away public school funding....
While draining money from public schools. They can't all go to private schools.
School choice destroys rural schools. So stop talking.
#SchoolChoice makes the student come to the good school. But *public* education should bring the good school to the student.
Yes, please remember that before there was public education, there was no choice because millions of children could not afford schooling.
Or the dangerous assumption that schools with limited space can identify best applicants while accounting for inadequate prior opportunity.
#publicschoolswork and for exponentially more students. Go back to bed with Betsy and leave our schools alone. Funding, too
People choice = no public school offered = no public Health care = no taxes for your bosses (the billionaires brothers)
#SchoolChoice relies on the naive assumption that all people who don't want to go to a crappy school can choose not to.
Duh!!  Paul, please confirm that you have been advised and that you actually KNOW that DeVos is Education Secretary?  WTF?? #Resist
What happens to kids in rural areas when you defund their public schools in favor of rich kids who already can afford private schools? SICK.
#RepealAndReplaceRyan
PROVE IT, show us the DETAILS!
One of the few things I agree with you on.
Your bullshit is killing me, good thing I got that Obamacare
President Trump can fix the Affordable Care Act without Congress!      http://bit.ly/2tE27MG 
Public education works if you'd fund it!!!!
After a secret trump putin meeting, why are any trumps walking free?
You stand for nothing
#SchoolChoice diverts taxpayer $$ to private schools with no accountability to taxpayers. Studies have proven your statement as false.
Continue to support corrupt Trump agenda as he brings you down. @IronStache  2018.
Steve Bannon reportedly attacked Paul Ryan as "a limp-d**k motherf**ker" http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/steve-bannon-paul-ryan-breitbart-trump_us_596dfdfce4b0b95f893e00b0?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
And if a child has SPED or ELD or any other needs, their choices will be greatly limited. School choice is a lie.
If school choice works at all, it is only in comparison to a public school system that you allowed to disintegrate
Liar. Resign
Yep for all the rich folk, like your kids.  #InsiderTrading #Embarrassment #Liar #Failure
Pauline I can't remember who's who between you Pence and McConnell. Who's  limp dick, bobble head and turtle. Please clarify.
And, parents have to pay any $ over the voucher for services like OT, speech, PT.
Also, other schools are usually not equipped to handle kids with special needs like public schools are. No to school choice @SpeakerRyan
No, it doesn't. Kids with disabilities have to unknowingly have to sign away their rights under IDEA. No. Just no.
Nope Traitor..#notshinyenough
The GOP the party of Russia.
Vouchers for #Medicare and vouchers for education. Just following Koch bro orders.  He can't think for himself. He's not that smart.
Don't pretend you care. Nobody likes you: https://bloom.bg/2vzKsaz . U should go eat worms. Do you know that children's song? Ask the kids!
Would you like to talk about all the fraud and abuse of taxpayer funds charters have done in FL? A lot of them are fly by night operations
74.6 million students k thru 12 in 2016
Liar
Leader of the House? Really? Meanwhile the Swamp Master of the century is destroying our democracy & YOU turn your back. SHAMELESS GOP ALL!
All effort should be made for US to have best public schools in the world. Why do you not support that? Money made in running corp. charters
BS. School choice doesn't work if you can't "choose" a quality school in their own neighborhood, esp where Black areas are underfunded.
School's First shouldn't be tax $ going to private religious schools. If that is allowed, will you allow Muslim or non Christian schools?
What about the millions of children in public schools? Do they matter? Money helping a few kids w/ vouchers while public educ deteriorates.
F'ed up healthcare, Check! On to dismantling public schools. Any investment tips on charter schools or should I ask Tom Price?
For every success story you have, I can name one where that system failed kids and pulled money from the public schools in the process.
"School choice" is a cowardly way to avoid changing property tax funding of school districts. Voluntary bussing is not the answer to this.
Can't wait ! We have a couple private schools we're looking at
Not anymore than public schools. Still Lying Ryan. Go was some more clean pots and pans.
Stop talking
How so? Making a blank statement doesnt mean anything
Get it straight, Senators--it takes from the poor and gives to the rich; it has little effect on good schools but ruins weak ones.
Take action
S'up limpdick?
School choice is a joke, just like the education director.
Paul ryan you're a disgrace for this country working really hard against americans
Fine put your kids in private schools but don't take money from public schools to do it!
My local public school is great, so leave the funds they get alone so our kids get the great education they have been getting!
Liar gave districts the right to close schools with a history of an A grade in the minority neighborhoods
School Choice is a Trojan Horse for more govt control
False.  It works for a very few and would come at great expense to the vast majority.  Of course you've never cared about most people
Christmas Eve recevided a piece of paper  offered zero empathy from politicsMy Wisconsin family is still living the trueness of bad politics

Does this group of almost certainly cherry-picked racially diverse youngsters represent the real beneficiaries of school choice?
Your amazingly broad survey of 16 surely means school choice should be rammed down everyone's throat.  A survey of 16.
So they can be blinded by religion in a lot of cases. And only those who can afford it get a good education.
Stop lying
Speaker Ryan! You have sold your soul to Trump and I am ashamed of you.
Quiet Ryan you're getting nothing done so quit pretending like you're working hard. It's actually a bit embarrassing but even more maddening
How many kids were left behind?  Modern day British colonialism.  You get a few out to justify the inequality of the whole system.
Maybe for you rich SOB s but where do you find charter schools in rural America.  Follow @BetsyDeVosED and you will be voted out of office

#PaulRyan You on the left, yes you with the tie, leave you have a preexisting condition.
#paulryan These kids parents make enough to donate to my campaign fund right?
Too bad they can't choose their representative.
It is mixing state and church money which is unconstitutional. It is moving money from the poor. Oh yeah, your rep. and don't like the poor
#PaulRyan 13 white old men made your future health care decision.
Nothing like giving shareholders a cut of the funds hat should be spent on teachers, children and supplies.
Nope.
