Thank you, Senator Scott.
why did you stonewall Obama's own nomination? that was criminal neglect.
Curious, and a sincere question, why do you consider it criminal neglect? @SenatorTimScott @postandcourier
because the constitution says the president shall appoint with the advice and consent of the Senate, but Senate didn't play their role.
OK. But it's the Ds that aren't following. Constitution not ideology. Rs let Soto Mayor and Kagan through. Ds turn.
Where is having a turn covered in the Constitution?
By the way, consent is exactly what Republicans did for both Kagen and Soto Mayor. Disasterous Justices.
Oh, I thought we were Constitution not ideology.
Still not following. What I like about Gorsuch is that he IS Constitution. Soto Mayor and Kagen are straight up ideology. And Pres gets pick
Good for you.   Right decision
It is NOT the first time there was a filibuster.  Learn your history
Thank you Sir.
Disgusting to take the nom from Dems. Disgusting to go nuclear. Shame on you!
Using your physics of Politics what was the expected outcome of refusing to even talk to Judge Garland?
, Your issue is not with Senator Scott, but with former senator Joe Biden. He set the rule. @SenatorTimScott
No, our issue is with OUR ELECTED OFFICIAL WHO VOTES HIS OWN WAY WITHOUT REGARD TO MOST OF HIS CONSTITUENCY.
In the case of SCOTUS, the Constitution provides for "Advise and Consent." Which is why Repubs passed Kagen and Sotomayor.
You stripped our country of something that shows disrespect. I didn't have an issue w/Gorsuch. The Nuclear Option I do.
Right judge, wrong decision on the nuclear option. A momentary win that will be felt in decades to come. #Millennials
As your constituent, I'll remember. You and your leader have tainted the senate, and now the court.
Bull. The refusal to hold hearings on #Garland for a year was far worse than the filibuster which lasted less than a day.
But your side said that rule. That was then Senator Joe Biden. @SenatorTimScott
A hypothetical statement by a single senator, never acted upon. There is no such rule.
He meant every word of it. What you call hypothetical, the rest of us call preemptive. And that is why Biden has been so quiet.
So you read Biden's mind now?  Let me school you on some differences. 1/
Biden was speaking hypothetically as there was no vacancy to fill. 2/
Biden was speaking in June, when the primaries were effectively over and so was the Supreme Court season.  3/
Scalia died February 13 and McConnell immediately decided no confirmation hearings at all. 4/
Can't wait for it to bite you in the ass when you want to stop the Democrats from doing something you don't like.
Yay!!! Thank you Lord for Tim Scott. Won't God do it!
Master made you do it..huh..
The problem with this reasoned argument is that you and the Senate refused to consider an legitimate nominee by a Democratic president.
So you voted in favor of corporations and against your constituents. Good work.
You guys went all in on Judge Gorsuch. If he's not best Justice ever, you destroyed partisanship for nothing. Can't win? Change the rules!
@SenatorTimScott Disappointing that you AGAIN put party over country.
SC will not forget. #voteout #2018
unfortunately sc will forget in 2024 when he's up for re-election
#2022 actually. Not very far away at all.
Thanks for support our President Definitely your are Greatttttttttttttt
Thank you, Senator Scott 
Thank you Tim
This is a stolen lifetime appointment. #gorsuch isn't the issue, #garland was robbed unconstitutionally. SC and the country won't forget.
Why wasn't Merrick Garland ever given a hearing?
The monied will praise you, but you've defied the rest of us, even if many don't realize it yet. Their children will be the worse for this.
You've done a disservice to the vast majority of your constituents in making this choice. Now and forever.
Good thank you....waiting for confirmation
You guys are so petty and hypocritical. Can't give Garland a hearing, but you'd give Gorsuch one. It's a damn shame. #YouAreFired
you made a very fair and intelligent decision
It's truly said a man of your caliber has loss site of the truth. The obstructionism lead by your party has divided our country.
Amen
@Koleworld45
Play your Part Tim. You can't be yourself or show dissent. Truly sad.. Politics aside. Old, poor and sick are being punished.. u say nothing
You are truly delusional and a sellout who cares nothing about those who elected you or minorities, which you are one, look in the mirror 
Party over people...
Thank you !
We knew you were going to vote the way the Republicans were going to vote. Not surprised by this. You reap what you sow.
You are doing a great job.Keep it up.
This is immature. I'm ashamed of my vote for you.
I trust you condemn the equally partisan treatment of Merrick Garland because you oppose allowing politics to taint SCOTUS selection.
Fool.
The constitution doesn't require 60 votes. You lost. To the victor go the spoils.
I expected this out of Harry Reid. Matter of time before the Senate goes nuclear on Legislation. You had a chance to save the Senate.
Thank you Senator.This is time to come move forward
Thank you
Right decision, sir.
Good call!   You're doing a great job!
And you made no attempt to see. Face it your ego cast that vote today and shamed your constituents, bc to you a party win was more important
You Did what was Needed
Just so you know, I WILL vote against you when the time comes #hypocrite
so glad I voted for you!
LORD TAKE AWAY THE HATE OUT OF THE HARDEN HEARTS OF THE PEOPLE THAT IS WORKING ON OUR BEHALF IN JESUS NAME AMEN!
Call it the "Reed option" to remind the Democrats who started it
Congratulations. We will soon have a fake SCOTUS based on ideology instead of law. Judicial Branch is dead. God help America.
Consider the date of christians in Syria. Don't support an attack on Assad. Remember all the propaganda about Allepo.
of course you did. Can't get it fair and square. Cheat-republican way. Disgusting
You and the GOP have acted like spoiled little brats changing rules to a game you couldn't win. #gopdeathstar
People's liberties and protections under the law and democratic process ARE NOT A GAME! You disgusting hack. Real humans rely on Govt & Law
CHANGE THE NOMINEE
No one cares if Gorsuch kisses babies. We care that he is extremely conservative and doesn't represent the MAJORITY OF AMERICAN'S Values!!!
Why do you think you have no choice?! You have real options! The next nominee will still be Trump's nominee! Just get a less rabid one!
Gorsuch is WRONG for America!! Why else run a bunch of propaganda TV ads to hide the truth and talk about fishing?! FISHING!! Enough!
@SenateGOP Talk about Gorsuch fishing more than his rulings! Come On! This is a FARCE! We are NOT Fools! Do the right thing. No corp stooge!
DON'T DO IT! You know it's WRONG! It's dangerous to Our Democracy. America deserves better! Be honest! #changethenominee #StolenSeat
Nothing against Gorsuch but you're splitting hairs claiming Dem obstructionism is unprecedented. Ahem M Garland. 
Displeased constituent
if you vote for him after choosing Senate nuclear option, we are starting a prayer group to pray for your immediate death
Thank you @SenatorTimScott ! Judge Gorsuch is a wonderful choice for SCOTUS and your vote is situated.
... your vote is appreciated!
South Carolina should be ashamed
We're not. 
So u think the physics of politics only go one way? Garland didn't even get a hearing!
BREAKING NEWS: Tim Scott chooses party over country. 
Nuclear option was when you refused Garland a vote. I voted for you but never again.
So, if you don't like the outcome with present rules you can change the rules to acheive the outcome you want. Got it.
Thank you! We know why Garland didn't get a vote, the precedent set earlier. Dems voted for Gorsuch before, now, crazy.
What precedent?  Seriously.
Joe Biden in 1992 gave a speech that said its "not right" to vote on Supreme nominee ahead of election. Google
Very true, however that is not precedent because his suggestion was not implemented, neither did he have pwr to do it.
0FG
What goes around, comes around. This is not a good action. It's going to come back.
Prob is Dems didn't think Hillary would lose.She did, get over it.Thank you Sen Scott! Gorsuch is an honorable man & will be a great Justice
Prob is GOP stole this seat.  They should've at least held hearings for Garland even if they voted against him later.
Remember Merrick Garland? You're a hypocrite of the first water. Sad!
Stop using Garland as an excuse for ridiculous behavior.Dems had acknowledged in the past that it shld be the incoming president's choice.
So are you saying Trump shouldn't nominate a judge & the Senate shouldn't hold hearings during his last year?
And yet YOU didn't even let #Garland have a hearing. #StolenSeat
What we can't look past is your hypocrisy as well as turning a blind eye to a less than stellar candidate in favor of another selection.
This is a struggle for me.  60 votes doesn't seem like a lot to ask for, but if party lines are truly this divisive now, then I do not know
what is left to do.  

I am not a fan of the nuclear option, so this is very tough for me to have to face
Your statement is ludicrous!  GOP stole this seat when you refused to meet or hold hearings for Judge Garland.  Shame on you!
I'm so sorry I voted for you, it won't happen again.
I disagree with filibuster concept, but I very strongly disagree with changing the rules in the middle of the game.
Rich considering you and your compadres refusing to even have a hearing on the sitting president's nominee last year.
Very disappointed that you voted with Mitch McConnell to destroy our Democracy.  You should've voted to confirm Garland.
Good job Scott now it's time to #confirmgorsuch
79 times. That is how many times the R Party fillibustered Obama noms in the first 4 years of his presidency.
Dude, you are sick!  You actually think that GOP will make you their next HNIC!  You are a disgrace!  Join clown train with 45's minions!
But you wouldn't even hold hearings on Garland. Country b4 party, remember?
Thank you, sir!
Of course you did.. Lol as if independent thinking is allowed among you Black Republicans!!  Like u need to inform the public! We know!lol
Can't wait for the equal and opposite reaction from this vote to catch up to you senator
Garland
You partisan hack. I dream of the day you lose your job.
Harry Reid set the example.
Well said! The Democrats need to do their job or roll up the rug and go home! They need to quit the politics! Thank you for your service!
Thank you for your vote today this is the main reason I vote and you guys made me feel like my vote mattered today. We appreciate it!!
Merrick Garland
I doubt you will keep your seat. Republicans will reap what they sow. #Garland.
I too wish he would lose his seat but he has 6 more years and this is sc we're talking about here
Tim Scott, I hope SC vote against you next term. #stolenseat
Sad day. Party over country.
Those two cases proved to me that Gorsuch does not have enough impartiality, nor does he support the right of the individual.
And Gorsuch did not have a decent response to questioning of his decisions for Trans Am Trucking or the autistic child education issue.
And the Republicans are being more than equally partisan by using the "nuclear option".  It should never be used for SCOTUS.
BS!  @GOP is writing the playbook if we don't get our way, we take the ball away.  Thanks for putting GOP first and America last
You also voted for Betsy DeVos and Mike Flynn, so....not exactly a great judge of character are you?
Sometimes I wonder how you sleep at night aligning yourself with this dirty and corrupt political party, headed by DJT.  It's a shame really
Democrats have abandoned compromise & that's why #theFilibusterMustDie - and NOT just to #confirmgorsuch
right thing to do.   Sad that you had to
For every action... 
Thank you!
Yes but the equal and opposite reaction was to the blatant political game that Republicans played with Garland. If he been considered ...
I support your decision.
One more step towards ruining the Senate. Thanks for nothing.
I have sent you emails requesting response.Called your office talked w/a lady to discuss a problem no response.Lindsey does reply (canned.)
Had to do it. Dems should have fought another fight. This was Scalia light 4 Scalia. Next time they get Scalia 4 Ginsburg instead. 
Further disgracing our democracy. Ignoring the minority voice. Is that something that's ever been good for the country? Ever?
Thank you Sir
You guys started this mess last year when you refused to deal with Obama's appointee correctly. Shame on you!
you did it first when you agreed not to hold a hearing on #MerrickGarland you 2 faced hypocrite!!!
Don't need to read your reasoning. It was a mistake that we'll regret, and you know it.
, You are an honorable man. Thank you.
You are correct, but don't be too concerned. Just returning to pre-2003 Senate rules which were in effect over 100 years, I believe.
And how did you vote on #MerrickGarland?
Y'all have no shame.
In your hearing w Commissioner Koskinen,you were VERY RUDE. Did I hear you say workers shouldn't get overtime? Work on
It is interesting how the Senate makes up rules to suit their needs. #MerrickGarland
Bravo!
Would be easier to have respect for you if you didn't pretend to not play partisan games. Party over country by not giving Garland a vote.
Thanks @senatortimscott  Keep up the good work!

"For the first time"? Have u forgotten about the record-breaking block on Judge Garland by ur beloved @GOP?

@justicedems are coming for you
Thank you Senator Scott! Greatly appreciated!
No you are wrong it wasn't a long stand rule, the DEM's changed it in 2003 & 2013. Not so long ago, GOP just changed it back 2 b4 2003
Without a doubt, the Dems would have done this the next time they have an opportunity, no matter. Harry Reid invented the practice in 2013.
Cannot wait for next Supreme Justice & the MANY new lower level court appointments! I say make them as hard Conservative as you can find!!!
Thank You
@postandcourier GOP stole Merrick Garlands #SCOTUS appointment. Shame on all of you
Stole it? Was never his so it couldn't be stolen.
Booo.
and I will never vote for you again!
Thank you Senator Scott. It was the right decision.
What do you call the hearing that did not happen for Merrick Garland?  Do you think we are all sheep?
Well stated!
A partisan filibuster? Really? Does the name Merrick Garland mean anything to you?
does the term #BidenRule mean anything to you?@SenatorTimScott @postandcourier
Biden didn't establish such a rule & didn't have the power to do so.  This was all McConnell's subversion of the Constitution.
Biden has been very quiet because he knows he takes the hickey on this. So he only meant it for Republicans?
Biden was wrong in suggesting this, but he didn't have the power to do it.  Reid & McConnell are wrong for doing it.
He set the tone. And Democrats introduced the nuclear option. Maybe a bit of restraint on their part would have been a good thing.
Restraint & level headness is needed on both sides.  GOP's tone was obstruction.  If Clinton was elected they were going to block her judges
All I can cite is history. Soto Mayor and Kagen. Dems can "advise and consent," as Republicans did for the two ideologues.
What a shame you all had to go to this extreme.
The first partisan filibuster was your party's of Garland, you hack.
#Bidenrule @SenatorTimScott
You obviously have no idea what Biden actually said.
Yes, I do. Funny thing is, it never had to be said. He was preemptively striking, and he set the precedence. @SenatorTimScott
No, you don't. Otherwise you wouldn't call it a "rule."
I disagree.
The irony of this coming from someone in the GOP who refused to even vote on Merrick Garland. Disappointing once again.
It was SenJoeBiden who set the rule that POTUS couldn't nominate in a year before an election. @SenatorTimScott
Thank you @SenatorTimScott !
You've got my total support Senator. Voted for you before and will do so again.
Yeah, Tim Scott
NUKE'M!!!!!
Thanks, Harry!
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Don't forget to thank former Sen. Joe Biden. He set the #BidenRule that was applied to Garland @SenatorTimScott @SenatorReid
Senator Scott you did what is right. Garland was treated as past SCOTUS nominees in his ame circumstance. The Dems should be ashamed.
Perhaps your party will not always be in power. Remember that YOU changed the precedent.
Thank you.
Yeah very good support our Judge Gorsuch
Might as well since no one wants to play fair.
Thank you. Maybe we can all get past this quickly and (finally) go about the country's business on behalf of the people.
We have to do this to keep order in the Senate. Political obstruction is disorderly and leads to chaos. Judge Gorsuch is needed! Thanks Sen
Would you call not giving a deserving nominee even the courtesy of a hearing chaotic? #StolenSeat
#BidenRule
So disappointed in you Sen Scott. But not, I'm sorry to say, surprised.
Happen to notice you are in the minority?
Minority of what? People tweeting at @SenatorTimScott?
People against him.
Awesome!
Biden rule. Biden rule. Biden rule. Your side set the agenda. @SenatorTimScott
If anyone needs to look beyond the party and for the American people, it's the GOP :<
Thank you and God Bless You!
