That Republicans made backdoor deals with insurance companies to tank it. Shame
Why not revamp med culture? Treat patient not symptom? Focus on early preventive medicine?
Healthcare must change to ever bring costs down
But that's how it was before ACA. I started in medicine, got so frustrated went to law school.ER residency in NYC, people stacked up 1/2
You need to gut all the Obamacare mandates = only way to reduce the premiums. Thank you for caring about us.
Mandates are the only possible solution to ensuring "access to high quality healthcare for all". It's why universal healthcare works.
I modified Mathew 8 for you
"The only ones who lose in universal healthcare are insurers. Doctors make decisions, not government or insurers" -The Book of Revelation
If something is "flawed" you fix it not trash it!
Rather than repair a system that could be fixed, you're telling us killing more citizens so the richest get tax cuts is a better plan.
Unless you are talking about universal health care, go ahead and delete that last sentence.
Do you mean Obamacare isnt "fair to millions of families" or it's not fair millionaire families?
You KNOW the ACHA will hurt South Carolina ppl, how can you lie to us like this? This is despicable, you should be ashamed of yourself.
Elderly and disabled rates go up 800% Fix Obama care get more insurers Don't punish the elderly and disabled Do what is morally correct
More lip service Tim, really? At least we know Republicans like you are transparent about having no solution after eight years of whining
Yes, we must remember that as your alternative leads to the death of millions.
LOLOL you guys are funny.
Please explain why #SinglePayer won't work here when it works elsewhere. #Obamacare is flawed yes, so FIX IT, don't vote to go backward.
It does work + still would if @GOP wld stop sabotaging it.  Looking fwd to your Russian house of cards falling soon.  #Traitor
Sorry @SenatorTimScott, you didn't finish your statement. I'll handle it. "...for all by kicking 23 million people off their insurance."
Are you & your colleagues still exempting yourselves from it? #trumpcare
And you declare yourself to be a devote Christian. What has become crystal clear is that lying by omission is still a lie.
here's a suggestion since its so so so bad lets just go back to how it was b4 2010
So says the man that is paid to lie to the people he represents. May I remind you that you represent the ppl of SC, NOT your donors.
SC has one insurer left because of failure to expand Medicaid. You know that as well as the rest of us. '18 is coming fast!
You are the biggest disappointment to me. I thought you had a soul. Will never vote 4u again!
Republicans weakened the ACA repeatedly. Quit with the dishonest framing of the situation. Your party hasn't shown decent solutions...
CBO: Republican health care bill raises premiums for older, poor Americans by as much as 850% ... What now boss?
The flawed foundation you speak of is directly attributable to you and your colleagues being unwilling to compromise for progress.
Please read the CBO report
please do not retweet our embarrassing suckup gop apologists
Spot on Senator.
Flaws can be fixed. GOP not trying! Rather have folks lose insurance & have to go to ER for treatment costing American taxpayers millions!
Not accepting Medicare expansion, is hurting South Carolinians too!
the old system resulted in premiums skyrocketing at more than three times the rate of inflation every year for more than a decade...
Access does not mean affordable -- what about this don't you get?
Repeal and replace. What the hell are you guys in the senate waiting for???
This message is ignored by the liberal medis
And the ACHA is the MORE Unaffordable Care Act for millions of vulnerable Americans.
Um ... a constituent here: That is spin & untrue. If you don't understand that or are so cynical- either way you lose my vote. Period.
Circa Report today proves Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. What are you doing about this!
@postandcourier Oh shut up. Enjoy the job while u have it!! 
AHCA is going to be worse.
Did you even see the CBO score? #Complicit
Maybe it would work if gop stopped sabotaging  and expand medicaid
My premiums went up 200% before Obama was in office so stop it please!
My ins cost is $2K/yr. Pushing 2 state 2 decide what to cover is a GOP cop-out.  We need no lifetime limits, guarantee pre-existing. 29609
Terrible timing to parrot the GOP line. Gotta love the CBO making you out to be a liar!
You must know that it was yourself and your colleagues that weakened its foundation? Insurers are pulling out because no risk corridors
Tim Scott is President material !!!
Republicans despise the poor and this bill shows that.  GOP sabotaged ACA.  Vote for Democrats 2018.
Show those of us in SC and the rest of USA that you care about us more than falling in line w/ the GOP. Support #MedicareForAll
house bill doesn't take effect until 2020-all you are doing is making sure  those covered by ACA will lose ins before 2020
So why work to destroy it?  Why not work to fix the problems.  It is all man made; it is repairable.  Don't leave people out of healthcare.
the reason ACA is having problems relates to lack of support from you n repubs; keep talking and you will be out of a job
You must remember Trumpcare is worse. Try being a statesman and meet with Bernie and see what you all can workout.
This program was designed to fail and it has done just that.
If you are concerned about costs to SC residents-you have a chance to help right now-tell Trump to fund the law's cost sharing provisions.
Senator...you're wrong!
Nice work pal, you fucked your own people. Good luck with that.
Do you think that it's "failing" partially because insurers don't know what's going to happen next year with HC, but already had to say yes?
Let it burn.  Be damned if I'm paying for someone else's care and subsequently unable to afford my own.
You have been doing it since the 80s when the Reagan administration passed COBRA...
Not to this degree.  I could easily afford premiums before ACA, now it's like I have a 2nd mortgage payment.
You live in LA I'm guessing. Did they expand Medicaid?
Native of LA, but moved to Dallas after college due to poor economy.  Yes, they expanded Medicaid a year ago from what I understand.
Respectfully, maybe it's time for legislators to actually talk to people in the industry (constituents like me) who deal with this everyday.
I think I just threw up a little in my mouth
You are complicit in the single largest transfer of wealth from poor to rich ever perpetrated.  You have just signed the death bill for poor
you are a liar and i'm a republican in your state who will never vote republican again
Stop it!  GOP has the House, Senate, and Pres. Tired of the blame game and watching y'all play politics with my family's well-being. 29466
CBO on range of AHCA premium change for singles earning $26.5K: age 21: -$500 to +$50; age 40: +$400 to +$1,200; age 64: +$11,900 to $17,800
IE: if you're a lower income older person, your premium is going WAY UP! 

So I guess you and your colleagues have failed?
#bananistan
Well, if you think AHCA is the answer, you should continue your pursuit.
Keep working.  Repeal and replace
Have you seen the AHCA? It's a shitshow
Yes and Know ppl on Obamacare, their premiums, ded so high might as well not have ins. Their employ can't afford to offer them ins
And in other states the rate of increase has been below the national average. States with Republican governors refused to expand medicare
"Access to high quality care for all" will be the measure against which I hold this irresponsible blame game to account.
With all due respect, Senator, the CBO just proved that this statement is a lie.
You cannot pretend that Republican sabotage had no effect on Obamacare, nor can you demonstrate in any way that the GOP is lowering costs.
The bill before you does not lower costs or expand coverage. Are you blind or just blinded by party over people?
I'll type slowly, Senator.  Your. Party. Caused. This.  ACA was sabotaged. Elections are coming and we will #resist.
You are insane!
