#KeepYoMoney?? Who speaks like that? That language is bad for our children. What is wrong with you? Do you want to be "accepted" that badly?
You should be an "example" to our children. Why would you want them in bondage to that?  Mine are now instructed to back away from you.
That "steppin fetchin" mess must Stop! Now! The correct word is "your." Shame on you.

And this tax plan is BS!! Do better @SenatorTimScott
One more thing. Leave the colloquialism of the "street" in the street! 

Talk about pushing a button. Smdh
#KeepYoMoney......Love It Love It Love It......#Maga...!!!
This isn't tax reform. It's a tax cut for the rich, funded by middle/working class & will cause the deficit to skyrocket.
LIKE SENATORS DO THEY LIE TO GET THE VOTE & HE GETS HIS LOBBYIST $$ & FILLS HIS OWN POCKETS WHILE SLAMMING TRUMP! DRAIN SWAMP TERM LIMITS
Tax all of Social Security income with no cut off at 118,000
What's wrong with you?
And helping the rich get richer, and the poor get poorer.
The poor do not get richer by making the rich poor.  A tax cut is great for all.
The rich do get richer by making the poor poorer though, as they have done throughout history.
not envious of people that are richer than me. gov't taking my hard earned money & wasting is a real problem (obamacare, etc). #keepyomoney
Nor am I, but when a family making $250k pays more while a family making $1m pays less is not tax reform, it's a give away to the rich.
How about looking at Sch A phase outs. $155,000+/- isn't a wealthy AGI for joint filers.
American families will succeed if they all have great affordable #HealthInsurance so we don't go bankrupt from medical bills & RX.

When you were young did you think, “I want to be a prop when I grow up”?
"Yo" is insulting
#Coon #KeepYoMoney
Who is paying your bills? Wow. Just Wow. Totally offended that you took the bribe. Calling BS. Straight up BS. #MoneyBuysOurSenators
Keep your money... if you are in top income brackets. It is despicable to pitch legislation with promises that are literally the opposite of how people would be impacted. Shame on you, Senator.
Sure you do!  And my only goal is to get the GOP re-elected!  See now we both made shit up!
You have got to be kidding...
1 job 1 goal= make the rich richer Republican philosophy.
Voting u out. Blocking now.
Please do something about those without children-we pay more in taxes & must save 3x more & work to cover everyone's leave!
Uncle Tim. Your job is always to please your donors. Especially the brothers Koch who REALLY like the tax plan that hurts 95% of SC voters.
Ah, Senator Oreo has spoken about tax cuts!
With respect, could you please post some peer reviewed research that justifies your claim that lower taxes improve economies over long term?
Thank you and yes, we've got to get our taxes reformed & jobs back in America. Middle class was destroyed in the last 8 years.
Bwahahaha. Succeed at what? giving you guys more money? Go lie to your pet dog. He will at least believe you.
@SenateGOP YES FINALLY
Then you must vote no on this tax plan/gift to 1% if you really mean that... #wearewatching 
Help #PuertoRico   is what you should be doing
Why would he vote no when he can make so much money at our expense?
Does that include the families in Puerto Rico? What are you doing to help them?
Then why not get off your ass and help Puerto Rico? Americans are dying, and not succeeding.
Will it be a bipartisan solution?
GOP promise to eliminate #EstateTax (paid by just 5,420 rich families each year) only benefits super super super  rich
#TaxFairness
The only tax reform that is acceptable is either a FAIR OR FLAT TAX. We need real reform that can't be changed when the Dems come back in.
I would love to keep my money but I pay 12000 a yr for crappy HEALTHCARE
I hope so, this could really help me & friends out a lot. Its time for average people to start living lives again. If not, were fallingApart
U Don't Care About Americans or U Would Do Whatever It Takes To GET THIS DISASTEROUS, OFFENSIVE, BULLYING PRESIDENT OUT! IMPEACH!!!!!!!!
One job, one goal. 

Screw the American citizens in Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida! Tax breaks for the richest 1%! WOOT WOOT
I knew corporations are people but I didn't know they were families now too
Can you also help a single woman, 48 years old, no kids, get some tax relief as well, even though I make a decent living?
If you have no money.... u cant have mine...#workforyomoney....
American *millionaire * families.
Why the heck does it take months in committees to pass the darn bill.  Meet this week, look over the details and pass the damn thing.
LIAR ...
What are you doing to keep Trump's swamp creatures from misusing our money?
We Americans we do not have another somewhere else, we are here and we like america, so a little respect, stop the abuse

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  
We are 20 Trllion in debt, thanks to things like Obamacare and the welfare state and corps leaving the US due to high taxes!!!!
Oh the war that George Bush started to find "weapons of mass destruction" didn't put us in debt? Why is everything Obama's fault? Own your 
And all on the backs of the middle class and the Senior's
I hear Argent again
We the American people hope your one job/one goal includes getting more relief to Puerto Rico ASAP and passing legislation for Dreamers.
If you think that is the goal I have a bridge to sell you-goal is for rich to get richer
In plan a family of 4 wld get  $24,000 n tax exemptions. $5000 less than $28,800 they get under current tax law. #keepyomoney #dontaddup
Tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy citizens while increasing low income families tax rate? More like #taxreform will #takeyomoney
Stop talking about what y'all are going to do and just do it. I a m convinced by action. We want to see the plan. Talk is cheap.
Please make sure we, the American people, see @POTUS tax returns.  Then we will know who really succeeds with the bill.
You can see his 2005 return......he pays his taxes.
Us small family farmer's thank you. God bless
We will need it since the republicans have failed on their promise to get rid of obamacare.  At this point, my confidence is congress is 0
We will start with the family of Goldman Sachs
