.@SenatorTimScott if you really want to promote better education, fund it better and don't vote for #devos
wow I hope someone votes you out . You're clueless ,step inside a public school
Honor to have Senator Scott representing SC! Hope to see him in The White House one day Thank you for all you do
U better know it! Wonderful man! 
RULZ!Sometime, U just have 2 use the wonderful #MuteButton with ppl that R obviously CommonCore? 
why does he rule ??? because he takes money from people he's voting for (Ms. Devos)? 
Heck Everyone in America has a right to an opinion. I personally think very highly of @SenatorTimScott.
My nieces went 2 school w/him, he loved our family. I lost my Bro, 3 mos l8r, Sista. He sent a letter when I told him. #Respect
so sweet! Sorry about your loss
More money may not be the solution, but stripping public schools of funding isn't either. #NotoDevos
How much money did DeVos pay you to say that? How much  does your vote cost?
Shame on you for voting to silence Sen. Warren! You are aiding & abetting the murder of democracy!
@thehowie Betsy DeVos won't strengthen or find solutions to help ALL kids. Career teachers say #noDeVos. NO
How can you strengthen schools and place value in them when the head you support is cheating with her info
i'm pumped that you want change in our sc education system but DeVos isn't the answer. Overrated! Sad!
who cares!!
money is not the answer
and why would that be ??? Block block block every step of the way
did you work with him or against him?
I invite you to step inside Stall High School in Charleston County, your home.The $7 mil Obama spent made all the dif there
Betsy DeVos is not the answer. Vote No on DeVos. #noDevos #ImYourEmployer #AllMeansAll #lostmyvote
@thehowie DeVos is not the right person for the job. Do not vote to confirm her please!
.@SenatorTimScott @washingtonpost Need to encourage fairer distribution of NON-federal funds. FEDERAL spending NOT always the answer...
encouragement via law! Should be unlawful for any school to get more $ than any other, period!
agreed!!!  But unfortunately richer districts get MUCH more money!  Thank you!
right! I am confused as to why this is legal. If you can afford a nice house, your child wins.
and then they complain about failing schools! No big surprise that poor schools struggle !
right,and the complaigners fight like hell to keep the system from changing.Modernday segregation
SC charter schools encourage segregation. A known fact in Aiken. Why are you feeding into this. She's wrong
A good place to start to improve our public schools stop Common Core.
Don't drink the leftist Kool-Aid, America #MAGA!!!
And exactly how would Devos effect a change? Make responsible choices! #CountryOverParty
Gutting public education isn't the answer though.
How is taking $$ OUT of public ed going to produce meaningful results, other than bank accts of the wealthy
I don't think we need to fund it better, but NoChild Left Behind was a disaster and so was Obama's revision
The solution is hiring people with the right skill set & provide every zip code equal access  smh
Put the money into the school systems, not on ridiculous testing!
so you not gonna talk about graduation rates are you.... Oh wait that didn't count #alternativefacts
We have your back.  We appreciate all you do for SC.  Keep it up.
@thehowie so tour solution is to put someone with NO EDUCATION EXPERIENCE in charge? Genius.
@thehowie you had a chance Senator. you failed. She is embarrassing. at least you two have that in common
@thehowie So the "new solution" is to empower a lobbyist with an agenda against public education? Tell me more...
@thehowie Definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over  & expecting different results.
you don't stand for anything. You're just another hack that spouts the same false talking points.
you're such a damn liar. Under obama we had the lowest drop out rates and highest hs graduation numbers in decades
I really question where the lottery $$ go. I thought we would see a difference.
DeVos IS NOT the solution! She is not qualified to lead the charge....at all!!
Thank you for your leadership, Senator. The measure of success is kids doing well not how much we spend
-@BetsyDeVos has given you 49K to support her. Can I write you a check for 55K to vote no? Crowdfund 150K? @washingtonpost
Need new solutions, yes. But what @realDonaldTrump and @BetsyDeVos are peddling isn't that. Unqualified.
What sucks is I actually like you, and I suspect campaign contributions make this a hard decision, but won't help pub sch
Submitted w/o comment (well, other than the comments with your office):

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/ …
def don't include privatizing education. Record will show you voted for $, not consitituents. Never have my vote (29414)
@thehowie mandated money doesn't meet students needs! It met someone's agenda...
senator this is not President Obama's pick. It is Trumps,  did rep. allow his pick for supreme court...no
and you think DeVos can reform our schools? She's grossly unqualified.
@thehowie We dump ridiculous sums into failing schools. It's another union failure and bloated bureaucracy
I'm sorry, sir, but based on Ms. DeVos' hearing, she would not be the solution even if I agreed with the article.
Nope, GOP lockstepped to block every Dem initiative. And you went along, party before country.
You have no honor Tim.
Tired of hearing my elected leaders say what "Trump or  Obama" did!  Once done, it's what "WE" did.
Don't throw good money to think you are going to fix bad results. Money is not the issue, Dems.
@thehowie ya And you then put a person with no experience in charge. That will certainly help. #disgraceful
Why not get it out of DC altogether and let us do it? You guys would screw up a 2 car funeral.
Stop paying bureaucrats to educate.
@ReaganBattalion in my opinion 2 prob's 1)lack of solid plan &!cooperation 2) parents r failing their kids
Get rid of DeptEd. Give control back to states, local, parents. No common core, no ESSA
Not a lot of positive feedback here, senator. Quit hoping to be rewarded you sycophantic coward. #resist
And you want a non-educator at the helm. #SycophantScott #resist
@DavidSPJM @washingtonpost are you a teacher?   #ifyourenotinthefieldyoudontknow
lying. Obama got the highest high school graduation rate in history, lowest drop out rate. you're welcome
Parents R the 1s failing; kids R in school ~6 hrs/day,5days/wk,>200days/yr. Parents have much gr8r impact.
so please explain how charter schools are going to help?  DeVos is wrong for the U.S.
the state’s charter schools scored worse on that test than their traditional public-school counterparts 3/3
Our schools are not failing, so why punnish all schools.
"Michigan ranks near the bottom for 4th and 8thgrade math and 4th-grade reading on a nationally representative test, "  2/3
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/betsy-devos-michigan-school-experiment-232399 …  1/3
As Trump said in his inauguration speech, "education system awash in money". But we don't get good results.
@thehowie DeVos is NOT the solution
How does putting an incompetent person in place compensate for that?
@thehowie Did you give it teachers who actually know how to make schools better? Of course not.
OR pay them appropriately? Poorer districts with underpaid teachers... sad!
There's that. DeVos won't help with that. She's out to line her pockets. #noDevos
So, voting for an incompetent nominee is the solution to our education issues?
I'm disappointed in you, Senator. You've failed to stand for much of anything since you've been in DC.
my children are "meaningful results". No doubt there are millions success stories. Your vote today was a devastating wound.
Start with this solution -- vote NO regarding Devos - 100% UNQUALIFIED.
come into the schools and see for yourself Tim. There were vast improvements but more needs to be done
A new game plan sure. But only with a qualified expert! Not a bankroller of the GOP. This is too important. No to Devos!
just bc you move kids to a top performing school doesn't necessarily mean kids will perform well.
if new solutions mean woman out of touch with the real world and with more money than sense than way to go
New solutions absolutely. Resources need to be well planned. Public education is vital to #NatSec & Econ
Still doesn't mean DeVos is right for our education system. She ruined Michigan, and then she bought you.
Recall Senator Scott
You have sold out our children- this isn't a partisan issue. Devos lacks basic knowledge of educational law and practices.
@ReaganBattalion @washingtonpost the liberal answer for everything...more money
why MORE money? I would settle for LESS money. But blaming poor districts for being poor not the answer.
so you picked a woman with no education and a history of using charter schools to benefit herself?
tim, you remind me of Clarence Thomas in so may ways, but I like how you was brought up... don't burn TBrid
Tim do u think putting a homophobic racist that wants to take down the public school system is the answer?
And I'm quite sure you have the answer, MORE MONEY!! ALWAYS THE ANSWER, THROW MORE MONEY INTO THE MORASS OF BULL .
@thehowie DeVos is exactly who we need. US at at bottom of list when we should be in top10. Shows problems
@emmersbrown @thehowie Nice to know you care more aboutthan the children of your constituency. Keep it up, GOP fails.
proving again that throwing money at problems doesn't fix it...keep up the good fight Sen.!
not DeVos!
What did you do about that? Sit back and watch?
and how will you protect IDEA considering DeVos has no clue what FEDERAL means and wants you to deal with it.
Your vote increases gap between haves and have-nots "School choice" means inequality
If money isn't the answer why are you listening to DeVos' campaign $ instead of constituents? Inconsistent.
