Thanks for last weekVote against nominees YOU know will harmChoose road not taken! Do right thingGOP will pay later
Just how many vote no on Devos calls and emails would have it taken to change your vote?
The past is the president.
Now every snarky comment is ironically followed by #MAGA
Hate won't make anything great.
I am not mad. I am concerned and I feel it is important to stand for what is important.
Defund Planned Parenthood.
how is making it harder to get birth control going to lower the abortion rate. Or are you just pro birth.
a box of condoms is not Reliable and affordable birth control
Read about the drop in unwanted pregnancy in Colorado with free BC
so glad you are having these and not canceling like some others.  #respect
he isn't having this.  He piggy backed on Sanford with 17hrs notice and had to be shared into that
ahh.  Well then props to Sanford who was willing to face the anger
right? Who would have thought we'd ever utter that phrase
never thought I would vote for a democrat either
I'm not a dem either,  but congrats on being sane.
I am sure the @FortMillSD board would disagree but yes I am quite sane
party lines don't matter when it comes to doing what is right. 
@CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Constituents didn't hide, avoid,use telecom during elections.Face to face is wanted.
You answered none! You just placated people!
Grow a set and support bipartisan Senate committee to investigate our stolen election.
There are voters in the upstate who missed you and need a town hall too.
And in Columbia. And Bluffton, Beaufort. Rock Hill. Aiken. You need to meet your constituents.
.@SenatorTimScott Sadly time ran out just as we erupted on your *fake* claim of DeVos's decades of experience in education!
Well, I'll hold him accountable for his statements. But I'm not going to hold his teeth against him.  @SenatorTimScott
You are actually PROUD of Trump!!!  There is something seriously wrong with you, man.
Please provide info for your return Town Hall in ample time for voters to make plans to attend.
@MaryCaitlinByrd You've ignored calls, tweets, emails&visits 2 ur offices. U then piggy-back onto Sanford TH @ last min. 
Glad to see you get your arse handed to you senator. Warms the cockle of mt heart. No Hailey to coddle u now. DO YOUR JOB
Are you going to hold another that you will give ample notice for?
Tell me again why clean water isn't important.
how about holding the town hall in Oconee County as the 4800 petitioners - your bosses requested???
@mark sanford
voted for u, but feel u choose big business & party over your ppl. Don't worry @MarkSanford you're still good, thank u
these are paid protesters and highly organized.  They do not represent the majority of your constituents.
You are GLAD to have Trump instead of HILLARY??? What kind of bizarre alternative universe are you living in?
You took over the Sanford town hall because you KNEW if you held one you'd be put on blast like your cohorts.
classic goofy grin and then stepping out when the DeVos questions. Why didn't you come outside and answer more questions?
@MaryCaitlinByrd and how much advance notice did you courteously give those constituents about this town hall?
17 hours EXACTLY. He piggy-backed onto Sanford's prescheduled TH & moved it up an hour!
our senators had a hostile town hall, but were men about it.
you better start looking for a different profession..Your days are numbered! We will vote you OUT!!!
you're a disgrace!!  you're a republican...?  i mean, with all they've done to pass legislation against minority groups??
wait...you helped vote betsy devos in??  are you serious?  did you go to a private school or something?
you're really a republican?? wow!  so, how's that free gov't run health care working out for you?
Incompetent @potus incapable of running the government. Start impeachment process now.
we demand a town hall with YOU, without anyone to hide behind. @indivisible_sc
I'd suggest you make sure they're constituents if Soros starts sending in rental mobs. At least make them SC rentals
Sadly couldnt make it. Hope 2 next time. Thanks 4 listening to the majority, not just the loudest.
when's your next promised town hall in the CHS area??
what do these ppl fear?  That our youth will learn to think for themselves?
when you get done in South Carolina can you come to New Jersey so we can have a guy that represents all of the people
I wish you were one of my Senators.  Steve from Nevada.
@StacyBrewer18   I have a great respect for you!  Thank you for loving America. The senate is blessed to have you.
We are going to vote all you "cuckservatives" Out. Bank on that. DO YOUR JOB
Stop lying Tbag We all know you and Graham ducked the teacher's petition and had it 4hrs away to piggy back DO YOUR JOB POS
Y'all know that people can still fly over that $100 billion wall, right? 
So much for being fiscal conservative.
where was this? All of your constituents didn't know. I have so many questions.
Tim you are a rockstar, just keep on moving forward with @POTUS and you will be a big part of #MAGA.
I applaud you at a townhall but how can you support a President who doesn't support the #fakenews??
Wish I could have been there just to show support for you.
You Da Man Scotty. Thanks for being a good Christian and an honest legislator and American. May God continue to bless you.
How did the funeral of the administration go?
Thanks for speaking. We appreciate you showing up. Please come back again and actually answer questions.
When is the one in Columbia? We need more notice than you disrespectfully gave your Charleston constituents!
you represent all the people in South Carolina, not just the ones who voted for you. #arrogantprick
please do not continue to ignore your constituents' requests for town halls in upstate and midlands.
would like to discuss ACA and Republican obsession with defunding PP.  when will you have town hall in Columbia?
in future, please give constituents more notice.  When will you have town hall in Columbia?
There's going to be several career casualties with Trump's presidency & only you can decide if you will be one of them.
Your constituents employ & pay you. Trump does not. If you care about your career then you should remember that.
Are you going to take what they said & show you actually care by standing up for them when you vote? Actions speak louder.
wish you were in So Cal!!!!
Sure you are that why you had to be shamed into having one. Try having your own At one of your offices.  Too chicken
You did not stick around for many, many questions.  No satisfactory answer on DeVos vote & her failing history in MI
Great town hall mtg! Thank you for representing us so well. Ignore the haters. As a mother of 4, thanks for voting DeVos
WHO is Mick backing for the replacement for his seat?
@MaryCaitlinByrd your defense of voting for DeVos was nonexistent, LOTS of decent EDUCATORS are for school choice. Shame.
hope to see you in update soon. Maybe Anderson,sc.
Understand you left early
you mean tap dance and lie profusely?
When you are gonna have a town hall in the Upstate?
TY and God Bless you and yours.
Doing the job properly thank you Senator Scott.
keep going I trust and support u as my Senator
TIM SCOTT IS SHORT
take a lesson from Mark Sanford today. Instead of smirking, discounting constituents, he listens. You should too.
I know U R ready 4 the resist movement 2 infiltrate in order to try & create a narrative that is deceptive. May God bless U
@MaryCaitlinByrd it doesn't matter who voted for who anymore. You represent all of us now. Please, country over party!
speaking as a millennial, we care little about party. Both parties need to recognize that shift
too bad you could only stay for a little while. There were still lots of unanswered questions. Glad that U are coming back
Thank you for caring and listening Senator Scott.
why doesn't President Trump do recess appointments during the next week?  That would temporarily bypass senate snails.
How do we find out when the next one is dam i missed out
