He never called it terrorism. He said the 'criminals' of those groups were thugs.
It is only words w/o actions. His administration must stop pushing voter suppression and dismantling Voter's Right Act
Prioritze domestic terrorism. And fire Bannon, Miller and Gorka. If @GOP is to remain relevant they must act. Words are not enough.
Antifa and BLM have been significantly more harmful in recent years that the fake Nazis.
White extremist. Bombings etc. Before you say those are fake, let's look at deaths (pretty hard to fake those)
Agreed. Now it is time to move on.  On another note Mr. Obama never called hate groups out.  Hardly said a word as cops got ambushed
Yikes!  Where have you been?  A quick search on the web might do you some good.
Am tied of RINO repubs who do not come to Trump's support.
We All "should" whatever. Hindsight is always perfect! President Trump was
Clear,has been clear, support not criticize
So...what are you going to do about the racist in the White House?
and yet you have been/are a Trump supporter...right beside him in many instances
She tried to tell us but you put party over country.
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
I promise you one thing! @SenatorTimScott wld have quit before he voted for @HillaryClinton
So he voted for the racist sexual predator who went bankrupt six times instead
Senator Scott, respectfully Sir, the President was clear enough on Saturday.
There was nothing wrong with what he said prior to Sat. but came out again to clear the record! Trump has been denouncing hate groups 4ever!
This is not why SC put You in office! Support Our President and His Agenda!
Shame on U 4 falling 4 & supporting left/Russia agenda! Cause Chaos 2 divide Americans 2 achieve their agenda Globalism! Dems R Russians!
So decrying ALL racist violence wasn't specific enough? 
Sorry to hear you taking this stance... Lost my respect/support today
I've never heard so much happy-talk horseshit in all my life. And I worked at Disney!!!
On the other hand Trump does  not want to repeat the presumptuous actions of Obama re:  Blk Pnthrs obstrctn Gates, Trayvon, M Brown,  Bowe B
He wanted to get all facts first!!
Was that you statement when it took two days for Obama to say something denouncing the assignation of 5 cops in Dallas? Nope, sure wasn't
I agree, but @POTUS only meant to call out ALL the violence! All 3 groups are inciting violence & division! We shld stand against them all!
Do you think @realDonaldTrump is unfit to serve as President of the United States of America, Senator?
https://twitter.com/realeaglebites/status/897836849183444992 …

Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously & repeatedly condemned the bigotry & violence in Charlottesville
In other words, @POTUS can't say or do the right thing even if he does do and say the right thing.  There will always be something wrong.
Your father was shooting at the same type of people Trump sides with
Still think those remarks were clear and specific? Or more like a hostage reading a script prepared by his captors?
What about now, Senator? What about the leader of your party saying there were "good people" on both sides of a white supremacist rally?
He was talking about the fact that some ppl who happen to be good ppl &were there protesting other issues & not with either party! #Truth 
Excatly! This is just another attack by the left because the Russia thing is not working out for them!
Any new thoughts on trumps position? Come on senator, dig deep and speak up for your own community! You're a real disappointment!! #resist
I did not hear you call out when BHO hid for 3 days after onset of Ferguson, or when he golfed after news conference on Pearlmans beheading.
His comments were too late and not sincere. Don't be on the wrong side of history Senator Scott. -Your constituent
I am your constituent.  How can you STILL support this president in light of his comments this week on the events in C'ville?
It seems that he was not being honest yesterday, and today showed us how he really feels. It's up to you and your colleagues to take action
Good statement. Please stop supporting @realDonaldTrump and support your constituents. Insist Mueller complete investigation, then IMPEACH!
I believe Tim Scott should have clarified POC as the victims of racism to drive his point home.
He did take a firm stance on Saturday. Against ALL hate. Unfortunately, BLM and Antifa seem to get a free pass for their violent actions.
Weak Tim! You're not going to be reelected.
Too bad the leader of the USA doesn't share your opinion
They were lies!!!!!
Today trump has redoubled against what he said YESTERDAY! Please come out against his statement toay!
Wait, what? All he was clear about is defending #WhiteSupremacy. What were YOU listening to? #Complicit
And today, he goes back to the same language he first used. He's showing us who he is! Time to admit it and get him out.
You knew he was insincere. Today showed it to all. Support his removal from office or your subtle critiques are simply empty posturing.
What are your thoughts after watching that train wreck of presser just now?
Today President Trump stood by Saturday's comments that blame should be shared equally.  This offensive.  You must renounce in toto.
Well he just took it all back. He meant what he said originally and then some. What are your thoughts now?

Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
These clashes will continue. No one wants to stand up and condemn  the violence on the left which has been Non-Stop since Trump took office.
Well it's a nice sentiment, but until  the left understands that they can't go around threatening people and provoking violence.
The people have been pleading for the hate to stop.  Maybe the democrats should start among theirselves
@blackrepublican When did Whites ever feel they had a common bond with the rest of us?
The GOP is the party of Trump and White Supremacy
Did you forget to mention your loathing for the KKK, neo-nazi, white supremacists? I didn't see that in you blurb
As you said, Trump's words would have been more impactful on Saturday. You said nothing on Saturday or Sunday about his failure to do so.
Why do you feel it necessary to add an admonition in your tweet about President Trump's response? Support our President, not tear him down.
Really ??? How many times does he need to say it  ?
Meanwhile, this is a new regular face on #certifiedfakenews
Lisa Bell. Let's move on. Sounds like Rexxon's words about RU interfering in our election. How can anyone move on when hate continues!
He left a group out! When was the last time you left something out when your mind was spinning on something as large as North Korea
The possible war with North Korea! Dam, man are you making that much from Soros that your mind has disconnected?
What about the total of America? You are all so blind, do you not remember what the Presidents mind was on just before the riots
another POS GOP senator that takes a pot shot at Trump because he wont give him h2b workers for his corporate donors. help American workers
He has to carefully read it off a teleprompter. Nothing came out from his heart. Trump is simply not fit to be president of United States.
Well said, Senator.
While I agree with the rest of your statement, most of America doesn't "look for guidance" f/ political hacks bought and paid for on K St.
Thank you, Sen.
Senator your statement would be better served if you sent it to Trump. This is what he retweeted after his so called denouncement of hatred.
His remarks were a sham. I've worked with cockroaches that are better actors.
I think in light of retweets by alt-right immediately following his remarks highlight how hollow that statement really was
The only action that will begin to heal this country is when you people do your job and rid the American people of this corrupt admin.
Hey @KateBolduan Will you read this statement   on your show since you read that touching letter from the Father of a White Supremacist?
Dear Senator, did u see 45 tweeted re CNN (inciting violence) & a white supremacist? Will your actions match your words? #Charlotesville
Never said terrorist or act of terror. Nazis>genocide>no monuments Confederates>slavery>memorialize in monument and name place. Shameful
He read this produced statement from a teleprompter
@realDonaldTrump has been dog whistling and winking at racists for years. When you support him, you support that movement. Good luck.
Aren't you embarrassed to be supporting a white supremacist?
#Fuckthisguy
his backwards actions speak louder than what comes spewing out of a pie hole
#FakePOTUS words were read by a man acting like he was giving his own last rights; it was not sincere & lack humility 4 what happened.
How embarrassing, Tim. You GOPers only know how to push party over country...even a black GOP can ignore racism over nation. Unreal.
It says some good thin but Trump's statement was like a kid being punished & told to read in front of CLASS. It was VOID of ANY sincerity
Shame on you Tim Scott! How dare you not stand behind our president! You know he condemned all hate and racist groups on Saturday.
tell me ,are these people "white supremacists" or "nazis" ?? WHERE IS THE SPECIFIC CONDEMNATION FOR THEM ?
Condemnation of Trump's silence would have been more impactful on Saturday.
Trump said  he condemned ALL extremists , and THAT was EXACTLY the right thing to say , but YOU PEOPLE only want to blame white people
Let's see if you walk the talk my friend. What about ppl who are LGBT, should their govt pass hate laws against them? Do they have = rights?
Sadly, it took you 3 days! And one group was trying to oppose another who claim your not worthy as a human...Which side you on? @jaketapper
The only thing that was clear, was that he didn't believe a word of it.
Thank you.
Hey Tim did you speak out when BLM visited the WH AFTER 5 cops were killed by a BLM member? Save your sanctimonious crap. We see who you are
Delay showed his heart. Only way to fix it now is "Deeds not Words". At least 4 White Supremacists in his administration. Step 1 remove them
You are kidding, right? Your president, your party is fueling this! Grow some balls and do your job! 
#25thamendment
#TrumpIsNuts
Is there some secret reason the police and other law enforcement didn't break this melee up?
So why did trump just retweet a white supremacist this morning if he is condemning them?
We all are waiting for you to add the words "by white supremacists  and Neo-Nazis."
@realDonaldTrump was not sincere. Don't kid yourself. He supports #bigotry & #racism. Most recently supported it in tweets today. #Resist
Same as his birtherism statement: forced, not his words & empty. Both statements are meaningless. We all know the truth, now it's your turn.
Thank you for saying this.
Lukewarm, at best. I'd have hoped better from you. These people want you gone. They love your president
What if he had been wrong like Obama in that instant. A rush to judgement is still a possibility. His car under assault before the tragedy.
what about the group of non violent protesters that toppled and destroyed public property today when they puhed over a confedert statue
It is never enough!
The president is a disgrace. To little to laye
Late
Tim... Your GOP has given safe haven to these groups. DT has armed them with authority from Oval Office. When will you blame the party.
If he had made his condemnation 2 min after the attack, he'd be criticized for procrastinating 1 min too long.
I hope you realize that just because he is in office that does not mean he deserves the spot. He falls far short and shouldn't be followed.
Arm twisting over a number of days 2 get #trump 2 read statement off  a teleprompter without a scintilla of sincerity!!! We know who he is!
he displayed what is really in his heart and mind by beint way too late in his statement Senator.
How do you support him and sleep at night? Legit question.
It would not matter if he said it Saturday or Monday. It would be wrong in the eyes of the left
Well said Senator!  You are a good man and a strong, inspirational leader.  Keep up the good work.
this was another false Flag create a problem U big brother can Control
Tim this should prove to you that all trump wants is votes and doesnt care who they come from...  Disgraceful it took some much
Guess you have to cover yourself. But I'm sick of Trump bashing. It comes from every where even his own party. Thats a joke.
Right just like Obama did with all the police killings in USA. Give me a break. POTUS has done what is necessary on Sat;also after crisis.
Her name was Heather
This is a very important statement boldly made.
Denounce both white supremacy and antifa, I have no issue calling out the kkk and other groups as pieces of scum, but denounce antifa too!
Trump retweeted an alt-right conspiracy theorist today.  It was a clear signal of where he stands, despite his lukewarm condemnation.
He is communicating to his Neo-Nazi and KKK supporters and they consider this to be a victory.
Sen. Scott wouldn't have mattered when Trump spoke and what he said, these left haters will continue to try and destroy him,#ButGod
June 26, 2015 - Mother Emanuel -  President @BarackObama led the nation in Amazing Grace.
but also made no statement about white supremacy for 4 days after the event occurred.
Nowhere do you condemn BLM or Antifa Get a life

you're a mouse of a man
Is racism illegal? If not are you going to sponser a bill?
Still waiting on previous Prez to condemn Islamic terrorists in Orlando and San Bern....

Funny how Obama was praised for his steel resolve and patience while he waited for all of the "facts to come in" about Ferguson.
Sentiment is great,wish you had balls and would stand up and exercise our voice!! #resisthate #senatorrecess
A firm stance against BLM hatred is important as well u need to address!!
Obama was just as bad. He had 8 riots (A Record) during his reign.
whataboutisms. Lets go back and check in on Eisenhower, Kennedy,Johnson and Nixon, shall we?
How in the WORLD, Senator Scott, can you support Donald Trump in a role of any level of leadership.
My response to you senator is check your skin color before you open your mouth, you are not WHITE
I thought his statement was fine.
Impossible with this man in the White House. He must go..now.
Playing it a bit strident on the timing criticism. Mr. Trump is, after all, POTUS; otherwise, I am your constituent.
Amen.
Thank you, Senator Scott for speaking out on this. Shame on Trump!
Glad to see you stepping up Senator.
Senator, to soft soap the Presidents performance in this horrible episode of "reality"is simply unconscionable.Shame on you!SC voters beware
Oh please.....get a grip on reality.
And then.... #25thAmendmentNow!
@realDonaldTrump made perfect sense on Saturday. You, Tim Scott are a wimp!
Just gonna leave this here for you Mr. Scott.
Now it's time to #ImpeachTrumpNow #FireBannon #25thAmendmentNow 
I'm a constituent, if that matters.
Senator, he won't be there for you. Don't defend him.
Senator Scott, you just gained some cool points in my book. Nice and true statement!
Cmon. He looked like he was being held hostage. And tonight his follow up tweets show how insincere even his rote remarks were earlier.
I had hoped you would have stepped up into a leadership position in the GOP, but as with Trump, you failed.
A whole day to evaluate which way the country was leaning so all his statement was political not in anyway heart felt. 
I want Obama back!
Obama waited 4 days to condemn white supremacy for Emanuel AME shooting. So your hero was 2 days behind 45
Nope, no good; you're still supporting Trump, who is King Neo-Nazi.
The lesson didn't take. Let's pray he's not tested again.
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
At some point Senator you need to decide how much more you can take from this moral monster.
Do we really need others - a president or a politician -to tell us when something is hateful and wrong?  Sad if so .
He tweeted "condemn all that hate stands for" before deaths, cuz it was out of hand -condemned "all sides" after  https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/08/13/ok-folks-heres-really-happened-charlottesville-everyone-missing/ …
Let your actions do your talking.
Better than the response 0 gave when BLM was burning and looting cities
The @POTUS statement on Saturday was more accurate. Equally vile groups on both sides. Watch what is happening in NYC right now. Context.
Yet another failed example of the Trump presidency.
Your wagon is firmly hitched to the party that supports these bigots & the 45th President. Man please... #Charlottesville
But you I will still vote with Trump 100% of the time, because you will always be Party first.  Quit pretending you give a damn about USA.
What are we going to do to promote unity in South Carolina?
When you have a cure for the Left's addiction to "Identity Politics" I'm all ears.
Do you honestly think the Left would have been placated had @POTUS said this Saturday? Nope! They would still find something to bitch about.
Senator, I agree with you! However when we rush forward without facts like Obama did with #Ferguson it's just as unsettling
Will you continue to support POTUS unconditionally?  Have you finally seen the light?  Hope so!!
When will you stop excusing the POTUS? Your defense of him is detestable.
I love this country and South Carolina but I'm sorry the President is not make me feel safe, and I live by Charleston Base.
That's more like it. @LindseyGrahamSC take note.
Thank you senator.
The reason it was good today someone wrote the speech for him. But I'm with you he needs to do better with speech when he is on the spot.
Where is your outrage & persistence that the  pres. u support remove the 3, overt, white supremacists in the WH?
Your words are hollow and hypocritical.
Thank you sir for your remarks and everything you do.#trueAmerican
You're playing the same game here as the Media, smh
I heard POTUS loud & clear on Saturday.  He denounced all hate-you have problem with that?
he did condemn it strongly on Saturday
I found @POTUS first statement adequate and inclusive of all hate groups in US as it should have. I equally disagree with all hate groups.
Yet you will still support Trump & the DOJ racist policies. Your statement means nothing!
Thank you!
Time for you to call for potus to speak about terror attacks  in Minnesota and on west coast done against muslims- or it that not racism
and the BLM riot in Minnesota that injured nine cops including one with a broken back over the weekend.
Since you hope for a future void of racism I presume you believe the Muslim ban should be eliminated
travel ban. I picked up a good friend of mine from Kuwait today. Muslim friend. Kuwait has a government, banned countries don't
What planet do you live on?
He only read what someone wrote  it was not from his heart You know why he has no idea what it feels like to be hated because you are black
Thank you @SenatorTimScott.  We know how much you love SC.  Will vote again for you.   P.S. Disregard the trolls.
Thank you, Senator for speaking out against white supremacists.
Make the hard choice and #denouncetrump
In other words: "I'm just following orders."
Your to late on this also
The statements today by DJT were too little, too late. How can you possibly defend him? Country over party. Stop this.
Senator Scott @realDonaldTrump remarks were painfully obvious not genuine lacked emotion Another example why he not a Leader. #impeachment
trump should have spoken on Friday night when Nazis marched with torches through an American town. He failed utterly . No do-overs.
No matter what he would have said Saturday it would not have been enough.
Until ur boy Oblow totally disavows BLM (black version of same crazy KKK) 4 the "KILL ALL COPS" now chant. Until then, never be void. #FACT
