Sen Scott I am so disappointed in you! Trump loves you and black people but I believe you are being political and following the group think!
He uses Black People for photo & video ops but nothing got done! watch one of the pastors who was on potus council!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hz6oSSq-BY …
A Black Pastor who just left his religious committee said frankly he was only brought in for photo or video ops not to get things done!
Senator, I love you, but Vice is such obvious propaganda, ridiculously amateurish and one-sided.
Also, can you help me figure out why no Democrats are condemning Islamist extremism, subsequent the #BarcelonaAttacks?
Change the channel from Fox and you will hear plenty of outrage.
I'm all ears. please just point to which Democrat Twitter account has a strong denunciation.  I personally can't find one.  Thanks.
Did I say "twitter account?"  My reference is to outrage expressed in interviews on broadcast news.
Damn, couldn't even find a single Tweet to back up your claim?  Nothing but a vague reference to TV?  I understand. :(
Which "claim". Can't follow conversations on twitter
You claim (see above) that plenty of Democrats are expressing outrage with Islamist extremist ideology.  Yet no Twitter feeds reflect that?
How is it 50 rednecks wearing pillow cases drives a nation of 350 million? Don't fall for this propaganda
We the ppl support our President!
A good start, but only you can truly save us.  IMPEACH HIM NOW!  (from your constituent)
Antifa=ISIS U wear hoods as Nazi's & Use ISIS flag hmm
I am your constituent & I want you to impeach. There are no "very fine nazis".Stand up for Americans & get this traitor out. #DoSomethingGOP
Let's make it a footnote in history of how we grasped the courage to usher out an impaired and hazardous leader
#MAGA
The problem with your statement is, we all experience it. Randomly and honestly ask any race and they will tell you that. @POTUS was right.
I will do my best  to make sure u don't get re elected u traitor
Not good, Senator. My advice is to start looking for a day job before the next election. https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/may/27/corporations-paid-us-senators-fast-track-tpp … @realDonaldTrump
You're showing your true face now - turning on Trump when he told the truth. Were you bought, compromised, or just grandstanding? #MAGA2020
Sen Scott! You are better than being a sellout! The only man with courage is trump!
The actual face of AntiFA, the one the media will not reveal, I have many of these fliers, sent to thousands across the county, DO RESEARCH!

Thank you, Senator Scott.
Thank you Senator Scott for speaking out for the good of the country over party.  Please support the move to remove tRump from the WH
@POTUS should sit down with John Lewis? LOL.
A black man standing with trump and other racists? Hmmm I just don't get it. I'm a white woman and he's way past acceptable. DEFECT.
Funny a planned interview the reporter said they KNEW things would happen/No Antifa interview She is Antifa
It's really simple, the Marxists couldn't get the blacks to rise like their army and conquer America, so they've turned white against white.
Javanka McMasters= ErikPrince SeychellesOp = War India China = steal Afghan minerals 4KushnerTrump = Bannon Opposed = Javanka Op Fire Bannon

Senator Scott hasn't done shit for South Carolina! Every time he has a chance to stand up he fails!
Check how much money he was paid to fast-track TPP: https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/may/27/corporations-paid-us-senators-fast-track-tpp … He's a globalist shill
Our POTUS is not a racist & you know it. SC is watching what you say. This is TRUMP country! Stop playing to GOP establishment!
THE RACE PROBLEMS STARTED WITH OBAMA.STAND BY YOUR POTUS AND DO NOT BETRAY HIM.STOP YOUR VOTING TO CENSURE POTUS NOW.
Will you condemn leftist antifa BLM violence as well? They shut down conservative speakers rallies & use violent tactics!!
Good work Senator 
So freaking weak to blame the base.  This guy is a fool
Nobody supports racism! But we must uphold freedom of speech! Something leftist antifa BLM use violence to shut down! Condemn antifa!
Nazis bad, commies bad. Trump clearly meant, "very fine people on both sides" regarding legitimate stature debate. Not between commies/nazis
Emboldened white supremacists, feeling supported by #trump ready 2 rally in Boston,the place so steeped in history of our nation's birth!No!
You seem genuine Tim and if so then you know its time to replace trump.  He does not represent us well and is tearing us apart.
Tim, you don't speak for me . President Trump was very concise on denouncing hate groups . Hispanics for Trump!
Sen Scott, my 10 yr old son came home from camp asking if things are going to be ok in our country. He gets no news @ home. I'm <3 sick.
On behalf of American people of color, I'm grateful for your voice in the senate. We are all counting on you. Thank you for your service.
President Trump is not a racist. I'm disappointed that the Republican Party has fallen in to the trap of the DEMS and liberal MSM.
The game is in full play here: selectively deny leftist violence; insinuate that the president’s statement is insincere.
Thank you for speaking out, Senator. Today you set an example for your colleagues. Well done.
Why every time your on television they have to say your Black when it’s obvious @jaketapper ?!
@POTUS is a decent man and his employment and association history proves it. He is no racist. It's easy to pile on, but it's unjust.


All Trump said was the truth. Just to clarify.
All he said was the truth.  The truth hurts doesn't it.
You've lost me. 
You didn't read what really happened.
"I disagree w/what you say, but I'll defend your right to say it."
Remember that?
from SC and hate the weak spines of our representatives. Stand up and support the President. U divide us
South Carolina wants you to support Trump. He spoke the truth.
Amen from another South Carolinian!!
Thank you for your service. However there were 4 groups at that scene. Far left far right peaceful left peaceful right
#Charlottesville excellent interview, very concise and clear thoughts by senator Scott!
A true leader and calm person in our crazy divisive landscape!
Thank you, but tax reform is not worth the damage Trump is doing to this country. Impeach. #ImpeachNow #25thAmendmentNow #DoSomethingGOP
Senator Scott is one of the few shining lights of hope in our political culture today.
@SenatorTimScott it's time to step up to this administration. #Article25
(2/2) Who was @POTUS referring 2 on Right as "very fine"?? Historic Preservationists/ Genealogists/ History professors?
U r right. Clarification by @POTUS is needed. Obviously, 1 "very fine" person at rally, not a member of ANTIFA, was  Heather Heyer. (1/2)
It took a black POTUS to destroy what progress race relations had over 60 yrs! Now we must start over again! Too bad!
Some of you are more stupid, blinded by your hate
Do you intend to endorse the insurrection group Antifa as other GOP establishment figures have?
No insane. They must be making $$$ off hate groups!
Senator your endorsement of Rubio was strike one. This is strike two. Strike 3 and you're just another GOPe person to be voted out.
Thank you for taking a stand against this president's alt right, white supremacist leanings.
I always thought uwould not support violence of any kind! You have taken the bait of the neoconservative/rhino! You and corker are traitors!
What does the GOPe Uniparty have on you Sen. Scott? Are you black mailed or bought off? It will be unveiled eventually.
I have no interest in what he has to say.
#Complicit party over people
MAGA
How come these left racist groups never mention Robert Byrd and the dem's obstruction to desegregation and civil rights? Dixiecrats!!
Because the dems became the party FOR civil rights in the 60s.  Repub became the party of white, evangelical hate
You help enable the divide.
We. All. Bleed. Red. End.
Here's the catch, Senator. @POTUS cannot have moral authority while lacking a moral and ethical core. It isn't bestowed with the office.
I know it's a difficult concept that some prople have no morals or ethics, but the reality is, a minority of voters elected one @POTUS.
Disappointed in your position. You have always been sensible & reasonable - until now. Black Community - BE GRATEFUL you live in America.
I pray to God you are defeated in a primary for this shameless self promotion.
It's disappointing that u favor 1 hate over another.  Antifa puts nails n2 innocent people's skulls & stab people u won't call them out.
Cite your sources....other than Limbaugh
Videos galore all over YouTube.  They even brag about it!
Nice Tim Scott. Thank God Trump denounced all forms of hate groups. BLM, KKK, NAZIS, and even ANTIFA.
He even denounced the ones the media censor, and the ones MITT pretends do not exist. ANTIFA, and BLM (Dem's fav hate groups).
All hate is wrong. "Moral equivalence" is a joke DNC lapdog media hysteria term to tell public Denouncing all hate means u support Nazis
sad having a Black President could lead to more black deaths in Chicago than during the Vietnam war, and an increase in poverty+racism
Having an African-American president was more than white supremacists would handle.  Nothing to do with Obama.  All on you angry white men.
I see u fell for the vice news scam congrats!!
He listened to Trumps own words
ok! And....sadly, socialist n nazi have the same rights to march, why was there a counter protest??
You don't think we should counter protest Nazis? You think we should be loving and accepting of hate groups?
Oops.  You missed Trump's second speech cheered on by the KKK
Don't let them use you to go after potus. Recognize their agenda.
