THE BEST GREAT GUYS OUT OF ALL GOP-THX :) WISH U WERE HERE IN CANADA, CHEERS
the inside of that hat is probably stained silver.
@robdelaney @TGowdySC the 2 yutes. Or is it the 2 stooges. #morons
@robdelaney @TGowdySC the legs say summer, but that head is ready for winter
Sessions=crook & traitor.& bigot. Buh   bye !!

@mjs_DC @TGowdySC Trey was between wigs that day.
@JessicaHuseman @TGowdySC I wanna like this picture but you gentlemen won't understand why so I withhold my like 
two of my four most favorite politicians.
Crazy, those are my same 4 favorites lol.
why am I not surprised? LOL
The backwards peace sign means, "f*ck you"
I'm guessing Gowdy is the bottom in this relationship?
you guys look great but Trey looks like a Bubba. LMAO
Re-election and/or Trump's impeachment?
@SharNeal @TGowdySC 2 of the best
Love The Outfit 
this picture speaks a thousand words and will go really well with my issues regarding Bryan Pagliano/Comey, etc.
If either of U become President, this picture will reappear.
great idea! I'm saving it now
it is a dream to be close or work with such minds like Trey Gowdy enjoy your day.
Man Trey Gowdy is horrific lookin
looks the start of a new boy band.  is it cold or hot? I'm confused.  @RAMRANTS @TGowdySC
lol I was wondering the same thing
Scott Ur the Uncle Tommiest of all the Uncles, like Uncle Ben,Omarosa & Sheriff Clarke doing ur Master's bidding
come on dude.  Are you serious or is this a joke
Dicks!!

trey gowdy  looks like a glue sniffer who hasn't burned himself too badly yet.
I love Trey Gowdy!
seems like the kind of guy you would tell your daughter to stay away from in college. @SenatorTimScott
Good Saturday working with @TGowdySC on a 2018 project. 
lol u got jokes!
Did you dress like that w/o explanation just to throw us n quandary? lol
Trey. Keep the hat on.
glad Im not from sc if this is what counts for heroes there.
trying way too hard. Gowdy is scum
..Trey are u okay? What happened to your jazzy suits?
i really like both of you. but senator scott you need fix congressman gowdy's health care law.
Gowdy's an inbred tool
He should keep the cap
two of my favorite SC guys!!! #SCSTRONG
Agree, but who is that in the pic with you???
The GOP needs to feature these two much more!  #FutureLeaders
"Right on and fashizzle, my black brothers. Word to the bomb!"
.@SenatorTimScott @TGowdySC was it Take A Mid-Life Crisis To Work Day?
That hat! My gawd! that hat! XD LOL!
I love this picture! You guys are awesome .
I've learned so much about both of you guys from this photo #congressmenchill
Wow Mr Scott looking very Presidential, Mr. Gowdy looking, looking,nice hat. Scott Gowdy 2024 Keep America Strong
is @TGowdySC  trying to look cool? He failed. Kids respect genuine people, not posers.
You do know that's not a peace sign...
Hey @TGowdySC, take your damn hat off when you're inside. Have some manners!
Trey sucks at throwin' gang signs. The toboggan looks like something my mom would wear to go out to the mailbox.
LUV to see #Gowdy dressed in his 'civies'!
Dressed either way he looks like the badass that he is #MAGA
I didn't know Trey Gowdy was black...who knew. These are both good men:)
is that Gowdy? i new he was a cool guy check out his shades
surprise haircut Trey?
pretty sure that's the guy that sold me weed in high school
@Sue8951 @TGowdySC WE NEED MORE PPL LIKE TREY.TREY IS AWESOME
it's almost like a couple of regular guys
Trey Gowdy is my Favourite politician!! should run for POTUS, I watch all his Utube vids, brilliant..wardrobe tip..lose the hat
Seesions=crook & traitor.
Look at Tim Scott showing support for the hippies..lol
Support @POTUS and @AGJeffBSessions
Trey Gowdy is just "so cool", like Fonzie cool.
what's with the hat? Dude, your hair is out of control
.@SenatorTimScott be like all professional and @TGowdySC like "I came for the pizza and beer."
hackey-sack on the Quad?
I knew it...Gowdy is trey thug.
2 of my favorites faves!!
God bless you gents!!!!
"How do you do, fellow kids?"

Love these 2 men-all the way from AZ! Keep up the good fight & keep looking cool . Praying 4 country & leaders 
Love this pic. Mr. Gowdy, You used to be my Congressman, before I had to move to "West Coast". Sure miss you !
@katsawtell
looks like he's auditioning for a role in a new version of the movie 'Big.' :)
We are so in need of good men like you in Canadian politics. We have sissies to PC & George Soros.
Love Tim Scott.
@CNN @MSNBC Constituents waiting patiently for face to face Town Hall.Do you remember the ppl that elected you?
@CrossRedeemed @TGowdySC NICE, I LOVE THAT MAN
Bad hair day.....again?!?!
OBAMA N CLINTON GV URANIUM TO IRAN N RUSSIA INVESTIGATE THIS MEDIA COVER-UP JAIL THEM TODAY STAND UP TO THEM
two of my favorite peeps
we want you to investigate Obama put all his crimes out in the open
Love the picture. Thanks for all you do.
Why do republicans have to resign, never democrats, its frustrating.
me too! I prefer watching Trey Gowdy truth tell, than almost anything else in politics. The man!

FBI director James Comey asked Justice Department to refute Pres. Trump's wiretapping claims, sources say. http://abcn.ws/2lPFHFh  
MSM has to retract whole russian storyline, saying due to intellegence. O wiretaps now in news
Read the real news, Genius
really wish you were in charge of investigations, trust you
like the hat,if you ever question Hillary again,wear it.give her something to talk about
he looks like a skateboarder, not a partisan hack who harassed HRC!
make that project getting tip of dangerous dissembling Donald and accelerate the schedule
so adorbs! Hot really.
@PARISDENNARD @TGowdySC I hope it's getting rid of Corrupt Rinos!!
@RandPaul I found the Obamacare lite bill (jk, though what's up with Trey Gowdy)
gowdy is so kool!! Total respect for the man!
what is he wearing?  that's awesome!
No town hall from you or your BRO Gowdy.  Don't you want to hear the people your represent?
just get rid of Lindsey G.
Always thought these were 2 of the coolest guys...now I know!
Future President & Vice President? Got our votes.
Love you two.Need more like you 2
Love these two!
God, this is embarrassing
glad to see you guys working. Doesn't seem like Rs getting much done so far. #100judges #repealandreplace #start
love you guys. Kickin butt in Washington....
Who that paleface gangster? 
He got to keep that brain warm to light more swamp dwellers on fire first thing Monday morning.
 both of you.
@marcorubio you 3 are the best! Hope to meet @SenatorTimScott and @TGowdySC one day.
@imtan2 @TGowdySC Both of you are men of integrity, one of you has the fashion sense of a Walmart in a tornado-#helptrey
not sure why, is it shouting out to @POTUS that he lies?
Gowdy is far too old for that hat.Sad
love you both! Keep up the good no....great work!
do you mean @TGowdySC for Governor 2018? #SouthCarolina #dowork
Love you both!
This new Run the Jewels album sucks.
hmm shorts and a beanie interesting...
SC is fortunate to have 2 of the best representing them! Appreciate you both!!
Gowdy one of the most despicable lies, cheats and falsifies information deplorable a disgrace to America.
<snicker> You guys are hilarious.
now that is relaxed! Lol
Mr Scott, next time you see Gowdy wearing that gay Smurf vagina hat. Smack it off him please
So good to see CM Gowdy and you enjoying time at home! However, what's going on with CM Howdy's hat...In SC?
gowdy looks like hippie
Love this Gentlemen!! Keep your sense of humor!
you guys are seriously the coolest in congress. No joke. Funny hat though.
Love this!! @SenatorTimScott @TGowdySC
I'm in SC & Gowdy's district.  I REALLY hope you're both 110% behind Trump's agenda, not Ryan's!
two great public representatives who deliver on their promises. South Carolina is very fortunate.Thanks
nice to dress down once in a while.
Mr. Gowdy I love you, but that hat has to go. 
@HotNostrilsrFun @TGowdySC  that Trey runs for Senate in 2020.. or someone like Trey! Graham must GO!
Love the cap, Trey!!  Praying for you & T Scott!!
Jah Rasta Fari Trey Gowdy. Lol
Trey Gowdy is Awesome, I am happy he is on Trumps side. (aka: the right side)
@shabel56 @TGowdySC Hey guys? #ARRESTObama quit messing around! Act like you put #AmericaFirst
Just happy you two stand-up guys aren't meddling with Senator Graham
how I wish we lived in South Carolina!!!
Stevie Wonder writes songs about these two guys...who doesn't love 'em?
Love you, Mr Gowdy...but lose the hat.
AWESOME
please crawl back into your holes and Never come out
a great team!
Two of the best of America.
Tim, you look as great as ever, Trey you look like you're 15 years old. 
great work!
@TheSwogBlog @TGowdySC could you imagine if he was our AG that would be siiiick
you guys should run for presidency after Trump!
reelection for Gowdy or gov race?  What do you think @Indivisible_SC4 @SpartanburgDem @GVLDem @GvilleYoungDems
Men wth high values+principles who would never,could never, compromise their integrity.Ppl gravitate2goodness
The fuck is Gowdy doing?
two idiots
Gowdy please for the love of god investigate obama
why don't y'all get busy investigating that traitor in the white house.  Sad.
Embarrassing they're carrying water for Putin's boy by doing nothing to protect our democracy.  Sad!
now there's a photo you don't see of Gowdy every day 
you let  @TGowdySC out like that??
Lol @ Howdy looking like a thug!
That's how we roll in the Low Country!
and the Midlands!
