SUPPORT THE RAISE ACT!
With the demand is low the coffers are high, when the demand gets high the coffers are low
You also said American's don't care about #Russia. I am your #SC voter an I give a damn.
Can't wait to get my extra $25 a year.
Who does he think he's kidding? No way are the millionaires going to be able to spend enough.
another typical repub talking point - tricle down economics does not work - start working for your voters not the rich and repub leaders SAD
You have let your constituents down @SenatorTimScott
Someone has to stop the investigation if nothing is found on Russian interference in the election, total witch hunt
When will you speak out against the DOJ targeting admission standards? The AG is wrong and you should say it
Lowering corporate taxes means higher incomes only for the "corporation" not the workers. Pay It Forward? Yeah, right...
Where on earth do they take these polls from The @DNC ???  I've heard very few in the financial world talking bad about @POTUS tax reforms
Tax cuts for only the richest mean none of that.  You don't just represent  corporate interests and the wealthiest few.
#RepealFederalReserveAct
How about increasing minimum wage to help working people!
These polls do not show us. The working man. Fake News
And no money to pay for infrastructure which GOPpers promised us but have delivered NOTHING!!! @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan @GOP @SenateMajLdr
What about repealing and replacing ObamaCare?
Expected more out of you when I voted for you. Be South Carolina's Murkowski! Put us above Trump & the party line! Fix ACA. #SCvoter
Where is the data that says this is true. No think tanks. You guys are a joke.
They r fake news - love the job u r doing in the Senate- how do we get Graham replaced?
You do realize that nobody believes you people will pass anything, don't you?
That really hasn't worked in the past...
Toady Senator Scott is happy to let donor and lobbyist $$ dictate his votes. Lower taxes for WHOM, Senator?
This study shows that 65 years of bipartisan tax cuts DOESN'T help the economy. I'd like your evidence to evaluate. https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/262438/ …
Senator, could you please provide a link to the economic study from which you're drawing your information?
..these folks are some of the best and brightest in the state. They also invlude a significant number of vets and ex Military. We need help.
@SenatorTimScott Senator Some 5800 workers were just laid off in your home state and I have not heard any comment from you...
Oh my gosh....can you even believe a word this senator says?
Nope.  Not one.
Trickle down is a proven failure
Really...

#FireHannity #IMPOTUS
Tim Scott speaking implies a new addition to his bank account. Follow the money, not his speech.
Letting the people decide how to spend the fruits of their labors for themselves is always the best practice. Gov't should be lean, not mean
Why not tell the roughly 30% of SC residents who share your heritage how tax reform will help them? As opposed to your rich white donors.
Are you going to make the people at SCANA and Santee return those huge bonuses??
You made a lot of sense this morning, I hope the rest of Congress were listening.  I hate that the American people are divided by parties.
But @SenatorTimScott that has just never been the outcome. _Might_ make sense in theory, but practice shows nothing trickles down.
Lower tax rates for who?  1%... #Complicit party over people
washington only want to give corporate tax cuts and nothing to relieve the lower wage earners. like the raising of sc gas tax.
stop hiring only part rime employees so they dont have 2 pay a fair wage or provide HEALTHCARE BENEFITS. alot of bs comming from washington
if you really want to boast the economy like you say, please tell me why not raise minimum wage? require employers to pay overtime(1)
@SenatorTimScott @RandPaul I say "WE NEED A 10% FLAT TAX WHICH IN MY OPINION IS A FAIR TAX 4 ALL." ! #MAGA #MoreJobs #MoreTaxPayers !
Good work!
Sick people can't work. Get together with colleagues across the aisle and put country over politics.
70 years of these polices and only the rich have gotten richer! This dog won't hunt!
Thank you Sen. Scott. Could not be prouder to be a South Carolinian and be represented by you.
I love this guy!
Who in the world is CBS polling?  I have yet to talk with a human being, both stranger or acquaintance, that doesn't want a tax cut.
Did they really show a poll that said 62% of America is against tax cuts? This cant be real life.
And a huge haul for your friends the Koch Brothers.
Tim... Where I live that means lacking roads / resources / people.  How do you find that balance?  We must have the "good" tax base.
It's all worthless to the Middle Class unless you COMPLETELY #RepealObamacare. DON"T ignore what's REALLY killing us.
So sick of the pathetic @GOP who can't even repeal the worst legislation ever passed — #Obamacare. How incompetent are you, Republicans!?!?
Also means less money for infrastructure, education, etc. Look at SC' s roads and schools.
Understand how to explain to the average South Carolinian what it means for them
Tell us when trickle down economics worked in the past. One time? #Resist
One of the best messengers on why tax reform is so important
Finally, someone at CBS talked sense!
& less services for the public (particularly the needy)
Tim, When politicians can no longer out-smart their constituents, What is there left to do?
#Republicans are tired of FAKE tax cuts. When taxes cut for millionaires is more than the middle/working class, WE pick up the bill.
Why ignore REAL #taxreform S. 18 The FairTax Act? Broaden tax base, < evasion, double growth in economy vs current.
S-18 the best tax reform
.@SenatorTimScott You all know the bigest tax cut goes to the top 1 %. #trumptax #Trump
Stop the lies #TimeScott! Cutting taxes for the RICH and subsidizing corporations leaving middle/working class to pickup the bill.
Please get this done asap
