My party&our nation must stand united against hate, racism& groups/individuals who want to reject the truth that we are all from one blood.
The 1960s was a painful time when people of good conscience refused to stand up and be counted.
Too many good people chose silence and not activism against the forces of darkness and evil.
Let us not repeat history with ambiguity when it matters the most.
From my house to the White House, let's be clear.
Evil lurks in dark places. It is our responsibility to stop violence in its tracks and prosecute it to the fullest extent of the law
Our American family deserves conspicuous,determined leadership that stands in the gap for principles of freedom and the pursuit of liberty
There is absolutely NO gray area when it comes to condemning groups who breed on racism, hate and division.
Disappointed to hear about you on @CNN #FakeNews and to read about you on Twitter,  making all of the Liberals so happy.
Cathy Simpson just a fake person, so you love HATE and DiVISION, shame on you!!!
Well, the greater good for all is a matter of opinion. Who's to decide what exactly is the "greater good for all"? The liberal party?
Congress has a constitutional obligation to hold the Exec. accountable. Republican legislators are the only ones who can have an impact here
Hope statements like this from Republican Congressmen don't fall into the sea of - concerned, disturbing- we've heard after every Trump fail
Are you hitting the bottle on your month-long vacation?  Get back to work in DC!  You're just another RINO jackass.  MAGA!!
You cannot speak of moral authority.  Trump rightly gave blame to the left with their violent suppression of 1st amendment rights.
Living in the U.S. with out bill of rights is the ultimate test of advanced democracy, you have shown that you are unqualified to serve.
That moral authorithy Is Jesus Christ!  I am hoping you can say his name!!!!

Thank you but you may want to tell our President that moral comes ahead of politics/policy - it is shameful and very scary #moraloverpolicy
if you believe this why speak against condemmation made by POTUS?Both sides were violent.Left attacked first! Shameful you!
Alt Left and Alt Right bear equal responsibility...  But Terry Mcauliffe and Charlottesville Mayor bear the most!
Both sides? Yeah, the geeks with I love you signs started it, not the Nazis in riot gear and auto weapons with swastikas on their faces.
Stop.  You're making me blush.
You have a duty to call out Trump by name for defending and encouraging white nationalists. Come on, man!
SAY HIS NAME.
Don't be a jerk, back your president!!!
Not anymore Senator, this Treasonous Hate Monger has burned the very fabric of our Democracy, and now the ashes are all that will remain.
Convictions and actions like taking away millions of people’s healthcare for tax cuts!
and?
Or every blood that you shed It is for sake of others who don't care if you're dead! They live their lives to the news media
Very well said the moral of your actions in the destiny of your life!
Your actions in support of racial suppression, increasing economic disparity, social injustice & denying health care belie your empty words.
But we Demand action! Words are just more rhetoric now
You have mastered the ability to say nothing while appearing to say something profound. Get a spine. I am one of your constituents. 29414
Say his name.
Donald Trump is the Frankenstein creation of what the Republican party has been doing for decades. Your party created his platform
You are big on statements & short on action. You stood by as the ground work has been laid with voter suppression, voting rights act killed!
Great Senator now get your party's leadership to speak out as strongly.
What ACTIONS are you willing to take sir???? How about having a real town hall?
That would be a good start. Be willing to hear our voices.
what does that even mean?!? Take a stand once and for all! What else needs to happen?!? #IMPEACH
Senator as long as you continue to support the leader of your party you accept his remarks as having clarity of his and "your" convictions.
Impeach and remove
So you're standing with Trump or not???
Then why are you still supporting the @GOP?! There's a DOMESTIC TERRORIST INCITING VIOLENCE (beholden to Putin) as POTUS. ACTIONS > words
Yes, and you will soon be taking part in tax reform. After all the Spinning, there must be a more equal distribution of wealth to all.
The greater good for all also includes healthcare.
We're a constitutional republic. It's all about the individual, not the common good: history they are obliterate is of individual Americans.
Who are you talking about? Say his name or your a coward. Plain and simple. #DoSomethingGOP
so it's totally cool that the PRESIDENT just all but declared support for white supremacists. U ok with that as a black man from the south!
Txks Sir, as always a voice of reason & logic.  We here n #SC need 2 stand out as an example of civility 2 those who wish 2 destroy.
I'm old enough to remember when Republicans were just as concerned about communists & fascists as about Nazis and saw ALL as evil.
Do you not have the moral clarity to denounce your President directly and call out his hate and lies? #SHAME
encourage vote on censure. Just up or down-there can be no moral ambiguity #censuretrump
Oh, the president was very clear on where he stands. The question is what are we, as a country, going to do about him. He needs to go!
Call out this president publically and directly for what he says and does. Until every elected/appointed official does, nothing will change.
Is a motion to censure the man who said white supremacists and their sympathizers were "good people" out of order?
Stop u hypocrite. U helped get him elected. U have no foundation from which to make these statements. They r hollow/pathetic coming from u.
Thank you for finally separating yourself from the bully leading our nation
Take a stand and do your job by acting on your condemnation #impeach and save our nation
Is this your final answer Tim?
Even you can't call out the President directly Sen Scott? Even you?
Find your backbone.
You and @GOP leadership must censure trump and split off from the White House today
So why not call out @realDonaldTrump by name
The first step in that direction is making sure that ALL citizens are able to vote and can do do so without hardship.
Your response to @realDonaldTrump is just like the others in the GOP - all hat, no cattle. Grow a pair and ACT instead of just posturing.
So it's stuffed then !
So you won't say his name either huh?    Unless you call him by name, your words are empty.
The kids call this subtweeting. 
Where was all this morality when you supported Trump? He was the same man during the election.
Do tell. What ACTION will you take? Or are you going to just keep voting for fascism so you can get tax cuts passed???
Well said, Sandy!
AGREED, Senator.  Have we all had enough yet? #Trumpisunfit
Does that mean you stop supporting heir Drumph or are these empty words just like thoughts and prayers?
Tim, you've been in lock-step w/ Trump all the way. It rings hollow, since you have voted with him, confirmed his appts., etc. Do something!
Your leader has fanned these white supremacist flames yet you refuse to call him out by name. Why?
NAME HIM!!!
So impeach the mofo. #ImpeachTrump
Say.  His. Name.
Words. Ever considered acting on them?
Say his name.
That's why you supported Trump?
#Charlottesville is not about your personal MELODRAMA. 
It is about a rally permitted by FED JUDGE and WHO DARE have stopped it?
If you emphasize personal grievance over #ruleoflaw you are a liberal TIM. Resign.
The moral authority of this nation rests upon clarity of convictions & actions from Senators who know Trump is an incompetent racist.
Just say his name brother.
The will of the people was done when Trump was elected  to POTUS not because he was a republican or a democrat because of his campaign words
Your party half heartedly condemned birtherism while many pushed in your party pushed it and gave a voice to white supremacist.
Thank you, but tweeting isnt enough.  DO SOMETHING.  You hold reins of power.  If you tweet and don't act, you are just as bad as Trump.
Who might not have that clarity and commitment? Anyone in particular? Care to name names or would that be too clear?
People forget the 'Fa' in Antifa is for Fascist. Without fascists, the Antifa would be grumbling about term papers over their lattes.
Say the President of our country should not hesitate to call racists out and he's wrong abt 2 sides in regards to Nazis. I dare you.
But have we heard yet from Lindsay that he is disturbed by what he heard today?
Say his name, @SenatorTimScott. Don't be like the others.
You are later than the President on this! Congrats!
Say his name...
You need to address @realDonaldTrump directly.
Say his name. Tired of platitudes.
So DO something about the man who is leading the hate.
drivel
Your words are nice, but your actions will speak louder. The president is defending racists. You must act to stop him for the good of the US
Can you add @realDonaldTrump on all your tweets tonight? Not that it would help him understand any of them. #ImpeachTrump
one day you will wake up
Trump is today who he has always been. YOU, turned a blind eye to it for party. Now stop talking about the obbious and fix YOUR mistake!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC You and Sen. Graham could redeem SC's secessionist past by starting #ImpeachDonaldTrump now in response to #Charlottesville
@LindseyGrahamSC #ImpeachTrumpNow Why are you only NOW speaking out?!?  Take action with Sen. Graham now before the GOP implodes!
Feel free to step up and actually act on this belief any time Senator. You're in a position to do so.
Hello.
POTUS has a handle - you should @ him directly
Write this in crayon, on a napkin, and send it to @POTUS maybe that will get his attention...
I am so tired of fringe groups on both sides of the aisle and sick of them getting so much attention we must come together in love and unity
Senator the President was clear of who he was on the Campaign trail "Make America Great Again" you voted Party First now you are surprised?
When do you think it will be time for you and @LindseyGrahamSC to actually do something to get this freak show out of WH?
Hoping you put actions behind your words. #impeachtrump
Did you listen to what he said? Did you watch events unfold on Sat. 3 groups were there. @realDonaldTrump called out all of them.
But you voted for him anyway
Like filing articles of impeachment
You're a #Trump enabler, & you will be until u denounce #POTUS by name. Call for #ImpeachOrResign, or you're complicit in #AltRight violence
I think you are wonderful. And practical in thinking. The mission in this country should unite all. The world is watching. Seeing weakness
hollow words senator. Get your @GOP colleagues to begin impeachment. That is the moral imperative of true leaders. What r u
Then you & Congress need to protect all national monuments...all. If you give one inch to the provocateurs...you have devalued your worth.
You must denounce the President for his repugnant words! He looks down upon you. He does not represent me.
Say his name. Tell us he is wrong. Get OUT of his bed.
Words. Weren't you sitting next to Trump at that Senate lunch, grinning like he was rubbing your leg under the table? Don't speak, DO!
Well damn it... Call it out!!! Speak the truth and not just GOP rhetoric for once in your life.
What are you talking about? How about telling Trump you are not with him. My God Tim!
So do something.
amen senator. God bless you and yours
So call out @realDonaldTrump by name for not providing the moral leadership. You owe your constituents that.
All hate groups s/b disavowed Right or Left just as @potus did today
Did you know New Jersey Homeland declared AntiFa terrorist?
How @ SC?
Your kumbaya stmts ring hollow. Keep singing songs on how country needs 2 come together while Your Dear Leader has NO
moral authority. Keep singing while YOUR PARTY engages in voter suppression,roll back affirmative action& take hlthcare frm
millions of people while WE, the taxpayers pay 4 your& ur colleagues in Congress hlthcare. Look at the White Supremacists
that your Dear Leader supports. He is them and they are him. Your Dear Leader has NO moral core.
Watch @vicenews' full report from the front lines in Charlottesville: http://bit.ly/2vF1oh1  
You & the GOP should grow a spine & collectively as a Party give a full-throated denigration of this Pres. He is a racist.
You need to denounce Trump's soul and his spirit. NY Times Headline 
Quite a headline from @maggieNYT and @GlennThrush https://goo.gl/VV3vS5  
Your party at present is standing WITH white supremacy.  
Impeach now.  Put your country ahead of your party.  One time.
I think you are getting close Tim to saying what you actually need to say!
absolutely agreed. Which means it is the moral duty of your branch of govt to #ImpeachTrump as he is #Unfit
Thank you Senator Scott for not saying something stupid and condescending like so many of your colleagues...
Jesus Christ is the answer
.@SenatorTimScott: Say his name.
I hope somebody has a good idea of what will be done in the wake, US will need someone strong.
This is meaningless, Senator. The figure advancing white supremacy is in the White House, under your party, and he has a name. Say it.
You are wrong this has a lot to do with outside money the leader of the white supremacist group wasn't Obama volunteer
Nor can an inanimate object cause this so maybe you should clarify what the real problem is sir
Let's start with promoting FAMILIES, CHRISTIANITY AND FUNDAMENTAL SCHOOLING! ALL this other nonsense will clean itself up!  see 1900-2000.
Shut up and condemn Antifa

Stop acting like they are innocent
Grab you nuts and #ImpeachTrumpAndPence ! Dereliction of Duty to Country is morally abhorrent.
If this is how you feel, take heart! The vast majority feel the same way. @realDonaldTrump doesn't. Go ahead and take action.
Thank you but how will your actions stop Prez Trump from breeding racism and division? Actions speak louder than words.
Say his name man...you want people to stand up set the example.
Today on @FoxNews @AlvedaCKing spoke - she said it perfectly! I wish more people would listen to her.
What is Congress waiting for to impeach morally bankrupt Trump? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Do something more than this or your words are hollow, Senator
Senator Scott that is a lucid, well written, heartfelt retort to something or someone.  It would be helpful if you would say his name!!!!
actions such as what, not violence ? clarity is imparitive
If you cannot mention Donald Trump's name clearly, you should actually shut up.
The Presidents name is Donald Trump fyi
@ReaganBattalion #dosomething talk is cheap.
those last 10 tweets mean nothing, sorta like those annoying "saying for the day" calendars. Have you called Trump out?
But not ONCE did you call Donald Trump's name in who really needs to be clear. Keep kowtowing coward, you've got tax cuts
To quote @CharlesPPierce, say his fucking name.
Wonderful tweets. My guess is u r alluding to 45 giving support to wh Supremacists and neo Nazis call 45 out or this is meaningless STEP UP!
As your constituent, I demand that you call out the racism of @realDonaldTrump by name
Tell BLM and ANTI this speech too
Can you please become the GOP leader in the Senate! Please!  @GOP @SenateGOP @GOPChairwoman
President Pence is sounding better every day. Just think about it.
Please, all the GOP needs to turn their backs on Trump once and for all. Please, remove him from office. America is suffering under him.
Senator this is the man you voted for, you knew what he was and what he is. So stop the BS of playing nice guy. You still support him.
You will vote for everything he asks for and you know it. Put up or shut up.
Snooze. Care to back that up with action?
@realDonaldTrump this is what leadership sounds like. Trump you are an American disgrace.
If you're not outraged you're not paying attention - Heather Heyer. Clearly you're NOT Paying Attention @SenatorTimScott
Say his name, Tim
Housing discrimination,incest,pedophilia,central pk5,birtherism.Not to elect Trump would be moral.Too late now.He is your guy.
Americans should not be looking to government for moral authority.  Morals should come from a much higher authority.
This tweet disappeared from my TL as I was reading it! Had to come on yours to comment!
This has been the 2nd worse day in my 70 years on earth.  The first was 9/11.  So frightened for our country!!
repudiate trump by name!  Anything less is equivocation!
It'd help when strict penalties are given to ppl that injure other ppl or destroy property govt or personal. No consequences sends wrong msg
It's good we have a President that speaks the truth & calls out all sides. Washington DC needs to stop the hate speech of our President too.
Ok, so just to be clear, the people protesting the beliefs of the Nazi's are as bad as the Nazi's themselves right? Got it. Seems stupid
Are you calling out @potus?
He is being awful ambiguous
Exactly what I was thinking
He is not being ambiguous. He is being general. It applies to everyone. Does he need to call out a specific person? Or just each one of us?
Yea, he does. He's a US Senator and when citizens start dying in the streets his *actions* only matter. He's playing a game.
The political correctness of #Charlottesviille is overwhelming. BLM, Antifa, KKK, White S. Alt. Left & Alt. Right, all the same, EXTREMISTS!
Nope
If these groups actually cared about anything other than their own voice & opinion, they wouldn't have been there. 2 cops dead!
Young woman and 2 police officers
Tim, I'm trying to understand. So the Nazis had a permit to Normandy so Eisenhower & the Allied Troops were wrong & on equal moral ground.
It's just BS. Like Graham, he's just GOP gang member.
We are looking to our voices, our elected officials to take action! Now is the time. #ImpeachTrump
Say his name, Shame on you for not calling out @realDonaldTrump
Not enough. You need to denounce @realDonaldTrump's remarks explicitly. EVERYONE is watching.
The moral authority calls for the removal from office of the president!!!
You libs wouldn't know what moral majority is! Sen platform is No God, Abortion late term, Open bathrooms for everyone enuff 4 me NVR dems!
The Very Fake News, won't show you these pictures. ANTIFA fascists are beating a man in full view of an undercover officer
Congrats.
What exactly are you saying? Are you finally done supporting the racist administration? Finally ready to represent your constituents?
Before he gets more Americans killed, you and the rest of the Senate  need to #ImpeachTrump
Speaking about anybody in particular, Senator?
All things we've been lacking in the WH for the last 7 months.
How long do you support a Nazi sympathizer sir?
That's a bunch of noble sounding words. Get to your point, please.
and individual rights granted by the constitution.
