how much did he pay you?
I wish Twitter had a dislike button.
you should be ashamed of yourself to vote for Betsy Devos. I guess u drank the koolaid. She has no experience
Thank you for continuing to refuse to listen to your constituents. It's country before party, remember?
SC voted Trump if i recall correctly
they didn't vote DeVos. Plenty of Trump voters speaking up about her.
Voting Trump does not mean you support all his nominees.
Please don't vote for Betsy DeVos!
During this Black History time, speak up for truth,justice & knowledge!
Unconscionble to let an oil tycoon decide how we interact with any foreign government.
Who would you pick and why?
Good question. I'd start with anyone with prior governmental experience.
Isn't prior international negotiating experience relevant?
Business ≠ nations. I don't want govt officials playing monopoly with lives b/c oil interests.
thank you!! God bless YOU!
If you truly care about children, vote no to DeVos. Her inexperience will be disastrous for children.
@StateDeptb but why
. Vote NO on Tuesday against Betsy Devos.
Bragging about voting for a pro-Russian oil company executive with no experience in diplomacy or government?!
Hopefully NAACP will do massive outreach in SC to ensure that the African-American community VOTES YOU OUT!
The NAACP is all about themselves, what have they done? Got richer.
Thank you Senator! You've just made my decision next election much easier. #rejecttimscott
You lost two HHI voters today with your DeVos decision.  It is a shame you didn't look at MI stats.
Oh Senator, another contribution to SC Dems on the way in your name
Oh Pl-EASE take your ball and go home.
Thank you for your bravery!
and you have the nerve to grin about what you did.
I am soooo disappointed in you. You aren't representing all SC interests, eh Obergropenfurher?
He's representing more than 50% of the voters obviously. That may not fit your "feminist" mold
So if you can't win an argument, you just insult people? I guess I don't fit your male chauv. agenda.
It's not about winning an argument. It's a statement of fact that most of his constituents support Tillerson
Vote "No" on Devos. The children of South Carolina and the United States deserve better!
Yea right!  You all are so full of it!
so they don't deserve better?
Thank you Mr. Scott, ignore the foul tweets, we know your character and you are respected.
why!!!??? Are you seriously a #TrumpsAmerica supporter....so sad
Nostrovia. Yet another corporate, Russian-bought cabinet member.
because you are a LAPDOG!!
Thanks for handing over foreign policy to Big Oil w/Russian interests. NOT. Very bad idea.
terrible decision
reject DeVos
pay attention that boat is over
what boat?
sorry talk-to-text got me vote they voted on @BetsyDeVos  yesterday
just the committee vote, she still has to go through the full senate
you rock senator
Name 5 things Tillerson has done without Googling it.
i can name two... became friends with Putin... got "filthy rich"
Shame on YOU!!  Shame!!
as a voter from SC, I am increasingly disappointed with you and the decisions you are making on my behalf.
So you're okay with handing over our country to Russia? Shame on you for putting party b4 country! #takingnotes
making it easier to not vote for you again
thank you senator!
cannot wait to vote against you in next election.
not him I'm worried about, it's DeVos. Vote NO. Yes I'm a SC voter and resident.
Should be ashamed. You handed over the state Department to the oil industry. How did that seem like a good idea
@StateDeptSo you voted 4  friend of Putins &exec of  ExxonMobil who will drill for oil as soon as #trump lifts sanctions!!
thank you for representing SC so wonderfully! God bless you!
of course you did. #boughtandpaidfor
History will not forget
Defunding public schools will hurt minorities in this state. White flight to private schools is a reality here.
We live in Beaufort Co. and ask that you vote NO on DeVos. She is a terrible choice for public education. Thank you!
@DarLovesAmerica @StateDept If Twitter would allow it I'd "like" this tweet a 100K times
You will not get my vote ever again. Clearly your priority is not doing what is in the best interest of the country.
Please Sen. Scott !!! NO to Betsy DeVos!!! No Experience! No Good for Our Kids !! She BOUGHT this SEAT !!
Are you okay with the KKK being taken off the Terrorist list in America?
you are not my senator. SC is ashamed. Where is that 50,000 got a new boat?
Why do you say you listen but it's oblivious you only listen when 50 grand is involved
you're a horrible senator
You are so articulate. So intelligent! LMFAO.
glad you enjoy... sorry I don't agree with your puppet
puppet puppet puppet. #toofunny.
your views are #foolish
Thank you
THANK YOU
County before party. NO on DeVos.
Do you EVER listen to your constituents? We vote.
thank you!
...Please vote "NO" on the confirmation  of Betsy DeVos for secretary of Education!
vote yes on DeVos
DeVos will establish charters to allow billionaire to profit taking badly needed funds from poor districts No!
Thank you. He'll do a great job.
it's obvious this admin is going sell off national parks for fracking. Wake up. Stop this.
please consider voting against Betsy DeVos.
please do not vote to confirm Devos.  She is absolutely the worst for public education
Your vote should be made by your conscience, not influenced by the amount of a campaign donation.
The majority of us in SC support you Senator Scott!  Don't listen to the negative people!
listen to your constituents and reject DeVos!
As a retired Michigan public school teacher I ask you now to do the right thing and vote against Betsy DeVos
unfortunate choice.
Hope you don't come to regret that.
that's a shame. Hold onto your seat… While it lasts #DemocracyOverMoney
Yes, finally! Good job getting him through, one more confirmed, more to do! God Bless you all!
GREAT. What about Sessions and the rest- demo noise is repetitive  and tiring election is over
Do you EVER listen to your constituents? We vote, you know.
just want to remind you it's your JOB to represent our voice, not an idle discourse. But NOT your job for long, blown it!
The majority of SC agrees with him.  Look it up!  We are Republicans!
Excellent! Another step forward to #MAGA.
Thank you senator.
@CatalenaNikole @StateDept thank you Sir. America will remember those resistance idiots come 2018 and 2020
Did you get some oil money to say this? Or was it Russian Rubles?
Keep doing right for our country. Don't pay attention to the naysayers.
this is horrifying
great news. Tky Senator
Senator Scott you continue to do an outstanding job.
I am very sure Putin is ecstatic about that decision!
Thank you for "working" for our country! #MAGA
Follow the money....Exxon/Tillerson Putin/RussianOil. Who's financing you Mr Scott?
please vote NO for DeVos
Thank you!! #MAGA 
Terrible!
Drink more of the oil money, Sen Scott...And lets all learn to say "dos vedanya" to NATO and Ukraine

Name 2 things he has done without Googling it.
