Have you actually read this @SenatorTimScott? Please tell us how this bill will benefit SC and not just your own pocketbook?
Have YOU read it?  My good ACA policy will increase beyod what I can pay!  That's just me.  What about thousands in SC with Medicaid?
I am cancer survivor in Anderson.  Health insurance I have now affordable and good ACA.  This Senate bill will push me off of coverge!
So wealthy people will get hefty tax cuts, but no insurance for me.  Seniors pre Medicare will not come to live in SC.  Death sentence!
Please vote against Trumpcare; 22 million will lose coverage. Rural hospitals at risk with loss of Medicaid revenue. Only helps the rich
Voting yes on this bill says one thing "Senator Scott doesn't care if his constituents live or die or go bankrupt due to illness. Traitor.
He doesn't care, he plans to vote YES. Doesn't care who gets effed up.
Here, y'all read it.  See, I'm engaged.

I'm only a US Senator.
The American Medical Association opposes this legislation.
Vote No
Read it. 15 million dropped in 2018. Disabled & disabled kids hit worst. How many dead babies does it take to line your pockets?
please keep your promise to us and vote no.
He will VOTE YES to kill and cause suffering to his constituents, the people he serves.
Yiu miss my point.  Free market approach would be best. This is Ocare Light. He promised he'd repeal/replace.
I have read the discussion draft and have formulated my stance. Have you @SenatorTimScott ?
He has now, and he emailed his thoughts, he will VOTE YES, to kill off some of the poor. He thinks the bill is great!
Please vote no. 22 million will lose coverage.
#YouHaveThePowerToSaveUs #VoteNoAHCA #TaxCutNotHealthCare #peoplewillDie  #help #findFundsNegotiateDrugPrices #RegulatePharma
When the minority gender makes laws, eventually the majority gender will remember and vote against you.
If #BetterCare passes the Senate, it will be implemented in 2020. Fix ACA for 2018? @SenMikeLee @SenBookerOffice @TomColeOK04 @senrobportman
Until you address the cost of medical care and medications in USA, insurance will continue to be expensive. Address Costs!!
Now that the TrumpCare vote is delayed, when and where will you hold a town hall to justify it?
Already read and the bill stinks.  Doesn't repeal the ACA and will pass ACA's ultimate failure onto the #Republicans.
Support SC Women.  The care that is being "negotiated" is mostly the reduction of benefits to women and children.  How many women were in
According to recent polls, 47 % of South Carolinians oppose Trumpcare. Only 32% support it. It's a mean plan that only helps the wealthy.
Did you read it?  What are your thoughts?  PLEASE #VoteNoBCRA and choose #CountryOverParty Listen to your voters!
the closed door sessions planning for our future health care needs?
Of the 2010 Census population, 157.0 million were female (50.8 percent) while 151.8 million were male (49.2 percent).
For those pleading for Scott to vote no on AHCA, wake up. He doesn't give a shit about us, only cares about donor money.
I haven't noticed  you oppose the AHCA. This will hurt more people than it will help. Please, please don't ignore your constituents.
Thank you for sharing this. After reading, will we have ample time to comment and know that you heard us? Public hearings in SC - essential.
He gonna vote YES. He is proudly touting the GOP talking points. He will kill and cause suffering to the people he serves!
This is just mean spirited legislation that will be a death sentence to many. Please vote no. Support your constituents.
We all know you will vote along party lines & vote yes because you sir, are not a true leader. You are a coward & a liar.
Tim: I'm just loving it... voting YES on the GOP " kill constituents bill".   Me: wtf?
You should be ashamed for even considering a yes vote on this bill.Your constituents deserve better.They voted you in to help,not harm them.
The American Hospital Association opposes the Senate Healthcare legislation. Do the right thing.
Which way are you going to vote?
22 million of ppl losing coverage! You are not pro life if you vote yes!
The verdict is out millions will die. So much for your program for young people if they die due to lack of insurance.
This constituent cancer survivor is urging you not to vote for this disaster. Please do the right thing for the people you represent
I'm n SC resident and a Democrat who voted for you based on your work w Sen Booker. If U vote for this travisy that will be the last time.
How can anyone vote yes for this, look their constituents in the eyes and tell them you did the right thing? Vote no Senator Scott!
The SC Hospital Assoc said Friday your bill would "significantly disadvantage" SC. Please do the right thing: stand up for us and vote no.
after reading this I have no hope this will help any citizens of SC. Please vote no!
You typed that like it's something to be proud of. Would this bill have benefited your mother and family when you had nothing? #disgusting
And by Better Care Reconciliation Act you mean #AmericanDeathCareAct - as that's what this bill will lead to for many of your constituents.
Please vote against this bill. It will negatively impact your constituents. You care about that, right?
Plz reconsider signing this bill as it stands, will harm veterans, working poor, single parents etc.  #kindnessbeforecash #peoplenotcattle
This bill is a sham and hurts the most vulnerable. Is Congress only concerned about the wealthy???
#wealthcare #AHCAKills #TrumpDontCare
I'm a constituent & this won't make one bit of difference to ask to vote against this disasterous bill, but I'll ask anyway #DontCapMyCare
Pls vote against this plan. It hurts our most vulnerable citizens - children and seniors. #KeepKidsCovered
(864) 233-5366 call Tim Scott and let him know 12 hospitals closing in SC is not good health care
Please justify why tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans has any place in a healthcare bill for ALL Americans.
FEAR: First step off a cliff. Sounds like it still controls all insurance companies still. No Free Market solutions. Gov't doesn't work.
Ok, I read it. You're not voting yes on this, are you? It would be like spitting in the face of your most vulnerable constituents in SC.
I work in a Dr's office here in the lowcountry. I encourage you to come talk to us, we know this industry, we know what our patients need.
Come talk to nursing home residents who are coming into my office in TEARS because they depend on Medicaid to get the care they need. PLEASE
PLEASE, if you have any intergrity, if you care about SC at all, please please please come talk to us. We need you & Mr. Graham to help us.
How can you vote on this bill before July 4th recess when it just came out yesterday? Rep were angry at ACA and it was debated for a yr!
Support for BCRA will waste middle class taxpayer $ that could go to s.th worthwhile for citizens. MidClass can't afford 2pay4 this burden.
We don't need govt-run Insurance/entitlements, we need HCare providers that compete in free market. Congress must break power of AMA Lobby.
Are you paying attention to these comments? Your constituents, including me, want you to vote NO on this bill!!
Christian's help people they don't live people suffering. So was the Christian conservative claim just a title to tap into those votes?
Why would cut taxes for the highest income brackets? And make cuts to the poor? Isn't the GOP claiming to be conservative Christians? Well
It is Trumpcare and it will put millions in line to loose health care.
I challenge you to not vote on this bill until you face your constituents at a town hall meeting. Hear how this will affect real people!
People over party at least this one time please. This is literally life and death. I am begging you to have a conscience.  This is wrong
I urge u to vote no to the healthcare bill so that I might live. I really need this treatment, what wld u do if I were ur mother
Mr.Scott,I just got diagnosed w/cancer,my 1st chemo is Tues, I w/also need radiation.I'm 69 yr sngl female living on $888 per month
I'd rather u read it BEFORE u vote! But generally it cuts taxes to wealthy and takes healthcare options from poor.  That sums it up.
We've read it. And we know if the #healthcarebill passes, a lot of us will be reading eulogies pretty soon.
That's your response to questions & concerns about TrumpCare? It's your job to read it and understand how your vote will affect SC.
#voteout
Looks like your bill increases deductibles, cuts coverage, cuts Medicaid, and cuts taxes to wealthy. Do you agree w/this? If so, pls explain
Thoughts?
I have a disabled child. Please reconsider voting for this bill. Cutting funds for Medicaid means cutting services for our children.
.@LindseyGrahamSC "provide benefits that are actuarially equivalent to 58% of the full actuarial value"

Right now the standard is 70%.
All you and Graham do is lie. Then you cover that lie with another lie. Go call your friend Betsy DeVos and lament hurting America
Just stop. We are intelligent and awake to see you and Lindsey Graham are just full of it. Gag yourself like Trump has gagged the press.
You represent the poorest in the SC at some point you work for the people and not the party
For this bill stand up and be a true leader for the poorest among us
Senator Scott let's be real here SC has some of the poorest people in the US this bill will hurt each and everyone of them you can't vote
Thanks for the link. Where's your analysis? Please explain to us exactly how your bill would benefit your constituents. I see only pain.
We can do better! You shouldn't vote for this!
My widowed mother depends on #ACA for affordable care - don't sentence her to death or bankruptcy by passing this bill
It looks a lot like Obamacare. Do not vote for it
How can you vote for a bill that would cut healthcare for the most vulnerable of people? That is not pro life!
failure to vote against the senate health care act means that you agree that the poor have too much and the rich have too little!!
When will you come out AGAINST the senate health act??  think of your constituents not the pocketbooks of the rich
With respect Senator you are working hard to kill many of your constituents you will have to answer to God one day.
Please consider the poor, the disabled, THE CHILDREN that will be devastated by this bill.
So much for repealing Obamacare, this party is a disgrace.
#BoughtScott has forgotten his roots. He is beholden to the wealthy that fill his campaign coffers. He cares little for his constituents
I am a pediatrician and my patients have one message: #KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare
Who are you kidding??? It's a tax break for the rich! Shame on you and your fellow GOP criminals!
Thank you!
Enjoy you on fox but hope you pass around all voters  want health care fixed now not later come together  & work out
Can I ask you something? It's not snarky and I won't attack you. If Scott and Graham vote Yes will it affect your vote in 2018?
yes
Deeper cuts to #Medicaid? Tax breaks if you have a trust fund? Please explain this to my grandmother and me. VOTE NO ON THIS CRUEL BILL.
Thanks for posting this. Much appreciated, Senator Scott
This is going to devastate thousands of folks in your state.  Folks that are in dire need of services. Consider voting FOR those folks
thanks for #retweet @marenoco
Tim this health bill will clearly disadvantage the poor in your community. How can you consciously vote to put this in law. Shame on you!
We must resist. They're sucking the life out of America
As your constituent, I urge you against voting for this bill, we will remember what side you chose.
He's always voted along party lines. Scott and Graham will vote Yes. They're rolling in dark money.
With all due respect, this bill is terrible for SC. #DontCapMyCare
Trumpcare is a huge tax cut for the rich while killing the poor.  How can you do this to your people?  How much were u paid?
Oops, missed the window to debate!
If you vote for a FAKE repeal I won't be voting for you again. We want a FULL REPEAL. NOT this BULLSHIT that keeps 0care
Don't cut care for the needy and women by cutting Medicaid and defunding Planned Parenthood!
I am a pediatrician & I have one message #DontCapMyCare #KeepKidsCovered
Yeah, read it and weep.
Have fun until 2024 then you are gone!
If we are alive.
Hey Tim how about u demand a repeal of ACA vote? Dont be a shill for the GOP. They dont care about ur constituents. The senate bill is trash
Thank You !!!
Thanks for posting, you can see the need for transparency when dealing with something so important as healthcare, eh? #CountryOverParty
Just NO! It does NOTHING for premiums & sky-high deductibles that are KILLING the working people, who used to handle this WITHOUT govt help!
#repeal is good enough for me.
Give me something about #PhilandoCastile to read

#ShameOnYou
When are you up for reelection?
unfortunately not until 2022
That's too bad, but it does leave a lot of time to find a new candidate.
I'm going to have ingest some sort of antacid first.Things not  going so great  for the uninsured in FL.#moreofthesame
