.@SenatorTimScott @NMAAHC @POTUS how many times did he say inner cities?
Believe black Americans will make MORE PROGRESS with @POTUS than any previous president.
.@SteveWCarlson is this based on your extensive knowledge of policy or one of @POTUS' speeches?
I think he's confused. Progress goes forwards.
So how are you going to advance interests of black Americans? You black? @alt_labor @POTUS
She's telling me which way progress goes. So, HOW DOES IT GO? Tell me about black progress?
OUR PRESIDENT JUST DOESN'T STOP! I KNOW YOU ALL ARE PROUD!

Proud of you. School your members to discuss and not name call.
You make South Carolina proud.
couple of my favorite people
we love you in fort mill sc
You should be embarrassed to be seen with him!
Tim, I love you,but don't stand with your hands in your pockets when you're talking to our Pres
Apparently you believe it more important to show off to the cameras than talk to your voters.
We agree @SenatorTimScott.  Lonnie Bunch and his team @NMAAHC are pretty amazing. Great neighbors too!
Thank you for your honesty, integrity & leadership Mr. Scott. You are Making America Great for ALL again.
..and voting for racist AG and supporting trump whose policies divide Americans.  Remember your roots!!
Senator, is it true there's no exhibit there Covering Justice Clarence Thomas?? If so y not??
Is Madame CJ Walker mentioned?
@KazmierskiR @NMAAHC @POTUS  Thank you for accompanying OUR President and guests!!
@realDonaldTrump  SAME NMAAHC THAT REFUSED TO FEATURE CLARENCE THOMAS...
Still no Clarence Thomas presence in NMAAHC?
I just love how your hands are in your pockets....right where mine would be. Hoping for great things to come
Too bad your just a prop to Trump. Maybe you should ask him about the lack of diversity in his cabinet.
American was built by African Americans and robbed by American. How can America use the word justice.
When will people realize no Russian, no email scandal forced me to vote for Trump!
No Russian filling in the voting boxes at my polling station. I made a choice, didn't you?
Clearly Him ON TAPE Bragging About GRABBING WOMEN BY THE PUSSY DIDN'T Sway Your Vote Either
what a ruse
maybe he'll finally learn who Frederick Douglass is today.
I like you, Tim.
Your appreciation may grow but it seems you fail to learn anything.
can you tell us about your conversation with POTUS?
Touring with a token 
@Fenwaynine @NMAAHC @POTUS when will Clarence Thomas get an exhibit?
@JuanAma32999081 was DJT able to follow up w/that reporter on the progress of meeting w/ the CBC? Heard they are friends.
.@SenatorTimScott Very glad to see you enjoyed your visit @NMAAHC. Please remember museums when it comes to supporting @NEAarts & @NEHgov!
Keep doing SC proud Sen Scott!! 
making SC proud
Almost makes him seem like he gives a shit.
ask him about all the breitbart white supremacists working for him.
you are a weapon against your own people, yet pretending to sympathize with their struggle. How do u sleep at night?
plz this is just a photo op. How could u even understand this place when u r implicitly tightening chains?
Really? How is that when you voted for a Jeff Sessions whom has already worsened voting rights? Are u serious?
So your party want to reach out to African Americans.  O.K you can lead the charge. I need a break.
recess town hall in charleston, date?
Too bad his doesn't.
what other ethic group has such a short history. Mankind has a long history. What did America do. Slavery.
. Polish poland. You get my point. African Americans. Lamont cannon. Slavery,cousin if Frederick Douglas.
. Navajo belong to navajo nation.  Souix belong to souix nation. Itallians associate with italy. Germans etc.
Will they ever include Justice Clarence Thomas? It's a travesty that he has not been recognized there.
Blacks are the only pure Americans. American names and no knowledge of any african affiliations. No history.
How did the Clarence Thomas section look?
Why is there no exhibit of Clarence Thomas?
made you be his "I have a #Black friend" for an @NMAAHC "March to Montgomery"?
#Awkward

#TrumpHistoryMonth
#BHM
#MakeWayForTheTRAIN
May God Bless these to men. #americanleadership
the ancestors weep at your casualness when dealing the enemy. You look too comfortable around white supremacy 
Anything about Justice Thomas there?
Why do I see this pic and think the pig that is #POTUS is asking you "Is it true black women have bigger breasts?"
enjoyed seeing my Senator with my POTUS on FBN this morning
god. To be a fly on the wall for this conversation. Did you ask him about his ties to the alt right?
SMHyet another photo op for his scrapbook of"look how great i am, look at it take it in, just dont touch it"
GREAT to see you Mr Scott with POTUS. he was gracious to grant interview & then msnbSLEAZE insults attacked
He has they canceled. @babyblackboi @SenatorTimScott @NMAAHC @POTUS
Proof? @babyblackboi @SenatorTimScott @NMAAHC @POTUS d
Your negativity will get you no where. Trumps actions is putting in action plans to help the Black community. @babyblackboi
Why so much hate? I never said I know. I said #POTUS is putting plans in action to help. @babyblackboi
Thank you for everything you do...
At least you knew which museum you were in.
Clarence Thomas soon ?
God bless these two men!
It's so nice that you are with Trump... AGAIN. How about that town hall w/the ppl YOU SERVE? When's that? @NMAAHC @POTUS
your speech on the senate floor reading the hate mail you received, was chilling.  Too bad people hate
@mercedesschlapp @NMAAHC @POTUS This says it all.
LOVE IT
Did he ask you where the Crips/Bloods gang exhibit is?
trump saying to scott " Im telling you There were 3-5 million illegal votes, busloads of them"
Did you take him to the Frederick Douglas exhibit and explain to him he is really dead?
enjoy this wonderful American history museum
Is there a mob outside wanting Trumps head on a pike?
Thank you 4 supporting @POTUS. He needs your help in #MAGA #MAGA God Bless
you should ask to see the Justice Thomas exhibit
when you get ready to run for POTUS yourself, I will back you. @NMAAHC @POTUS
You're a good good man Senator Tim Scott! #loveourpresident
You make us proud in SC. Your a very trustworthy man and great roll model.
originally from SC now FL and love Mr. Scott. Move back 4 Scott yes Graham HELL NO
#MainStreetUSA #40BASE Thank You Sen Scott for supporting our PREZ this is good for S C it could be LG Good
thank you, I wish our first black supreme judge had made.the cut.
@realDonaldTrump Did anyone point out the failure to laud Justice Thomas? No room in history for a conservative?
good man Mr Scott we are proud of you here in South Carolina.Keep it up
of course bcz it is an akward at best try to make his crazy go away it won't
New York city libertard so says my wife from LI NY 
Just talks trash NO FACTS NO DATA. BS
huh ?
your legacy will be immortalized in there one day Mr. Scott. You are one of a few good Senators.
you're a great American
Great place that holds treasures of Great Americans. Proud  that Trump is there with you and Dr Ben Carson.
Senator, I've never been to DC but this museum and Arlington National Cemetery are on my bucket list.
Paying my respect at Arlington is the least that I could do for all those brave hero's.
Too bad Clarence Thomas was snubbed.
Awesome!
@postandcourier @NMAAHC @POTUS YES MAN!
damn I wish you were my senator. 
SAFE

SPACING

I

SEE.

#SAD
CONGRATS

ON

CORRECTLY

SPELLING

"YOU'RE"

LOLOL
can't wait to visit the museum with my family! 
What volunteer charities do you help? I suspect none, hope I'm wrong.
