sure sounds like you are #CYA right now about supporting @BetsyDeVos
Can you please explain how weakening public school system will help urban/low income students?
How does this weaken public schools?
diverts money from already underfunded pub schools, increases racial/class divide between pub/private schools
another big problem is that w/o oversight some private/charter schools will have low standards
We are having this debate because of the low standards in government schools.
problem with public schools is lack of money, which leads to low standards.
Lack of $ is canard. Funding tripled w/ little increase in results.  D.C. spends most $ & has worst results.
Agree $ not only problem but privatization not the answer. Affluent fams keep pub schools alive for poor kids
Explain how kids and rural areas are going to get to these great schools? Are they building charters in Hollywood, SC?
Then why are you worried
I'm not sure I understand your question. School choice doesn't work for rural kids who don't live near charters
Then why oppose school choice as an agent of harm for rural schools?
I'm also concerned that DeVos questions adhering to IDEA, which protects disabled students. That is very bad.
I don't care about any answer to academic education theory.
For profit schools only go where there is profit. I don't see them making much money out in the country.
then why do you oppose something that you believe is doomed to fail anyway?
I don't want a dime of my tax dollars being funneled into private education companies. Fiscal conservative? Pfft
Why?
I've worked hard to pay property taxes. I expect the social contract to be fulfilled by using $ for PUBLIC ed.
Public education has tripled in cost with little improvement in results. Reduce cost and reduce taxes.
That is not factual information. Charter schools perform worse than public. P&C reported "giant day centers"
Not true. There are good and bad schools in all groups.
I am a proud graduate of @SouthAiken & @winthropu. I am now an educator myself & disheartened by your vote
The problem is not left vs. right. There are so many excellent, qualified conservative educators the WH could have chosen.
but instead we have a woman who has never attended public school, has never been an educator & has never paid student loan.
Betsy DeVos doesn't get anything because she's always been handed everything. Now, she'll be handed our schools.
How am I supposed to teach my students that jobs require hard work, experience & expertise when DeVos proves they do not?
You were right to say DeVos cannot single-handedly change educ. You & fellow senators are accomplices. Bless your hearts.
Not sure when the conservatives gave up conservative values and started working to enrich private companies and donors
Roughly 7 years ago
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos is not the answer for education! I have 2 disabled children that graduated college. Funding needed.
come on Senator. We can all follow the money tree and if u refuse to change your vote, pack ur bags. SC will NOT stand 4 it
I'm reading this thread. Did Betsy DeVos really donate to your campaign? Pls tell me that isn't reason you'd vote for her.
Then you r not qualified to vote for her and should recuse yourself! Is that a legal or a moral decision?
Your position is sound and I am, once again, optimistic about the future of education for our kids.
that's because your kid don't have a breakdown with no help from the "local" board@
No on DeVos! Dig deep, do what's right not what's easy.
sell out! You are a disgrace!!!
I am your constituent. Don't vote for Betsy Vos!
Would that be $50,000 worth of questions?  You know, the amount DeVos paid you?
I liked that she believes that parents should be able to decide on what kind of school to send their children to
choice isn't the issue it's her lack of knowledge regarding federal law
coward
how many of your constituents are asking you to vote FOR DeVos vs. AGAINST? I'd be interested to hear your response.
I do not support common core and Happy she does not also
Explain why these "great" charter schools are being reported by P&C as giant chaotic day care centers.
@SCSU_Review glad some else called you out . It's all about the money you have received . You don't care about the views
#NoBetsyDevos  Entitled busybody w/boatloads of money that she handed out to GOP. ONLY reason she was nominated.
please consider voting NO on Betsy DeVos. Our public schools need a lot of things ... she isn't one of them.
@BetsyDeVos We will remember in 6 years. I voted for you, now you ignore the will of your constituency, for $50k?
Your friend is probably a lovely person, but she is NOT qualified as an educator.
I am supporting Betsy DeVos!
Thank you for doing what we paid you for. You stand against all this talk.Parents want education for kids,it's available
I want the state and districts to follow the law which means federal oversight.
Oh! I have a question! How much $$ did you get for confirming DeVos? #noDevos #AllMeansAll #sheisunqualified #lostmyvote
Still waiting on my answers... #noDevos #ImYourEmployer #lostmyvote #AllMeansAll
have you actually read my story? Did you know what happens when "locals" have control? Do you care?
Your constituents overwhelmingly told you to vote NO on DeVos & you ignored us. YOU work for US & need to start listening!
#NoBetsyDevos  She is an insult to every educational professional in this country and our children deserve much better.
#NoBetsyDevos Completely unqualified & inept. Shame you have put party loyalty ahead of what is best for our kids.
One tends to wonder how you'd be voting if DeVos didn't buy your vote.
Where in your explanation of your position is the part about the $49,200 in donations you received from the DeVos family?
Vote no on Betsy DeVoss.  She has no experience and does not believe in public education.
she will be a COMPLETE travesty to those of us in the Special Education realm. I hope you know that.
you shold be ASHAMED. It shows you value money over a students education.
how many constituents opposed to DeVos does it take for you to change your opinion?
Stay strong.  You did the right thing.
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos Which position? the one with your hand in her purse? Or the one where you screwed millions of kids?
Unbelievable.
Your position is that someone with no proper education or experience is the BEST choice for this position?
Let me tell you Senator, she did absolutely nothing to improve things in Michigan. You're going to DAMAGE education.
How much money did you receive from Devos?
It'd be amazing if @BetsyDeVos invested as much in EACH student as she did in your campaign.
Not in standards or testing but in students. In food, heat, desks, books, computers, busses, etc.
you're my hero, you make me proud to be a South Carolinian
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos Great Job Senator!! We need people like Ms Devos to bring a fresh perspective!!
There is no valid position for supporting her inexperience
I agree! I do not know how you can justify supporting someone so not up to par to such an important post!!
go to Detroit and explain to the children suing for their right to an education!! And you endorsed her? SHAME ON YOU
your position should be that of the people who voted for you! Are you even listening to what we are saying? If so, vote no!
How much did the DeVos family contribute to your campaign?
you spoke to a Teachers organization (DKG) on supporting the students of lower income--vouchers do not help McCormick
I'm more qualified to be a bird because I've used twitter than @BetsyDeVos is to run the DoE.
You can't own a Chick-fil-a franchise if you think chickens go "moo."
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos Both T.S. & B.V. Are honest,hardworking Patriots who serve the ppl,not themselves,no #cya needed!
As an educator I will take great pleasure in voting for whomever runs against you. You had a chance and blew it! See ya!
I support your decision to back @BetsyDeVos she is a fine choice for education.
@BetsyDeVos has devoted a large portion of her life to serving students and helping them to obtain a first rate education.
Senator Scott give your constituents credit for intelligence and the ability to research! Listen to them
Justify your stance in less than $50,000.
Share with us who advised you, who you read, who you've spoken to.
You have demonstrated little empathy for those most affected here.
Then Please provide a solid research base that justifies your position. A true review of literature.
we get it, some of our SC schools are horrible, but does not make Devos fit.
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos not seeing a real explanation. CHOICE act won't cover all to be screwed over.
Your support of  De Vos should be easy  Our education system is horrible Same ol same ol is not working take new approach
But by not being transparent about the $49,200 you aren't explaining your position. You're favoring politics over education
I am proud that u represent me and my family!!! Especially today in the hearing.  Thank you
What parent could possibly be against school choice? Competition and choice always brings about better options.
you are a Republican PERIOD. You support Betsy DeVos, shameful. The biggest losers under her policies will be the poor!
Answer this since you won't answer your constituents? #DumpDevos
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos she is not qualified. Your seat needs to be up for grabs shame on you tim
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos Thank you for standing up for DeVos.
I stand with you
I don't know how you can look children with special needs in the eye after today.
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos you can't defend ignorance.
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos As a SC parent, I support you 100%.  Every child deserves a good school choice.
which is the exact opposite of what she wants to do
using generic talking points is not explaining your position
You need to hand out some pacifiers...
Nope sounds like #CYA
@poekeith @BetsyDeVos Ever seen a Venn diagram, Sen? Need for change and #DeVos do not intersect. There's a better answer.
@BetsyDeVos performance was beyond subpar and it will be a sentence for our children. The real travesty is your vote.
ok so explain her connections with student debt collection agency and her lack of IDEA knowledge
please continue your support for Betsy DeVos
you should be ASHAMED! You sold IDEA. @BetsyDeVos has no commitment to these children or any of "our" community.
If you're not too busy patting yourself on the back, can you please put Putin-Trump out of our nation's WH?? (ty).
Repeal Obamacare now please.

R e p e a l

#repealACA now, thank you
You’re smart enough to know what’s going on here Tim.  And we’re smart enough to see it.  We expected more from you.
Or just answering questions and explaining my position. https://twitter.com/poekeith/status/826549926024851456 …
You are being transparent to your constituents about the donation Devos made to you right?
LOL. Nope!
You do a great job.
#boughtbybetsy I am embarrassed and ashamed I voted for you. Never again. Incompetent. Self serving kiss up
I am glad I voted for him n
Thank you for answering any and all questions Senator Scott! The people of SC made a great decision!!
I support your position We need to do something with too many schools failing espcecially inner cities.
I get school choice I do not get DeVos
Your "explanations" are bogus. How about just admitting that your vote was bought and paid for?? You are a disgrace.
I love your hat. Sadly, I agree with it, too.
