How will you continue to support public schools after everyone has left for religious private schools?
the public school system collapsing would be the greatest thing that could happen for students.  Reset
the only place some of these students get support is from public schools. This statement is a shame.
that's like saying the only place these kids get support is from crack houses
have you been in a public school lately? Talked to a teacher? Or students?
yes.  The teachers parking lot was full of liberal bumper stickers.  Complete indoctrination factory.
teachers don't teach their beliefs in class. Students aren't tested on teachers' beliefs, but on curriculum chosen by the state.

a lot of us are angry with you and for you to say the calls you're receiving are from out of state is a bold faced lie.
this! This! This! We've been calling. We've been ignored. Aren't you supposed to represent us?
Thank you, Senator.  #schoolchoice
Children with disabilities lose their rights in private schools. Thus, their education is denied. Reform public schools.
Thanks for following your beliefs on this subject. It does benefit children. Choices and alternatives to succed & learn.
DeVos is not going to help public schools!!! Do the right thing and vote no to DeVos! Talk to teachers!! We say no!
strong public schools and #schoolchoice do not complement each other, they are two different masters, can only serve one
in SC charter schools opened mostly -racial lines. You are helping to support reintroduction of segregation! Shame on you!
Honestly, school choice, vouchers or charters aren't the issue. She is UNQUALIFIED. That's the issue.
we need  FAPE for all kids all the time
but you voted against most of your constituents and what they wanted. How do you expect DeVos to change things in SC?
Very true! I have been in our failing public education system for many years. We need school choice for the future of USA!
do you support students w/disabilities? #DeVos didn't even know what #IDEA is! #DumpDevos
Betsy DeVos is not going to help
you have no solutions.. all talk. Special interests.....
If you want to eliminate te public school system, as Betsy DeVos's record indicates, let's see a bunch of educators
I am there with you senator Scott love you man full steam bro god bless
DeVos showed Congress she does not understand IDEA. How can she protect ALL students, then? Including our most vulnerable
As Rep. teacher, I'm not against either. But I am against a Sec. of Ed. that doesn't know the realities teachers deal with.
but we DO NOT need a billionaire w/ zero experience w/ public schools. In no way will that be good for kids or teachers!
I'm legitimately curious on how you think this will help public schools.
working for less, but doing more. Education reform yes. The further marginalization of public schools, no.
Good for you Senator.
I regret casting my vote for you. Don't expect it in the future.
If you support all children, then vote no to the voucher program, which will hurt rural kids and kids with disabilities.
DeVos is NOT the answer.  As an SLP working in public schools- we are all hoping for a no vote!!!!
please define all... vote no on DeVos #noDevos #AllMeansAll
Thank you! We lived in area with lots of low income kids. Our schools were inferior to those in "rich" areas. #SchoolChoice
DeVis is NOT the person for the job
We need public school reform. All these folks teaching for salary not commensurate with their value in society.
unless you are giving 20k vouchers to kids with #Autism how will it help get FAPE?
Supporting DeVos is not a vote for public education, you will irrevocably harm our students nationwide. Horrible choice
We agree on that. But DeVos knows little about public schools. Her hearing & Michigan results proved that. So disappointed.
Right now, private and charter schools cannot take up the slack from public schools.
Tim, we cannot allow public schools to vanish in the wind in the name of choice.
Hear hear, but Charleston is far away! Live 1 block from Buist, yet kids must win lottery. Got to do better, fair for all!
As a SC teacher prior to my retirement, I was required to be "Highly Qualified" under Adept. Betsy DeVos is not!#StopDeVos
Please reconsider your vote ! Senator @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins will vote No! She is unqualified! #VoteNoDevos
so taking public funds away from public schools instead of investing in those schools is better???
GUtting public schools of money, doesn't make them strong.  DeVos knows NOTHING about the public school system.
glad she donated 50,000 to you. Please resign
You keep doing your thing Mr. Scott! We are here for you!
Bottom line is you sold your vote! I am so ashamed that you are a senator from my state.
just wait until the poor white folks watch their schools fall apart bc the rich kids abandoned ship
stop blaming Obama for decades of SC underfunding education. You fix the schools, you don't allow people to walk away.
vouchers hurt the families who need public schools the most. They promote gentrification and destroy sense of community
you've proven today that you ARE NOT here for your constituents.  Shameful.
Then you're supporting the wrong person for Secretary of Ed IF you believe that!
She is not the right candidate for change!!!!
You are bought. And you are a joke.
of course you would. When Betsy's family funded your political career, you promised to support anything she wanted.
bottom line - public schools receive every child!
And ignoring SC constituents
but you're supporting it in all the wrong ways. We (your constituents) are watching as you fail our children.
and we appreciate your efforts on the half of the country's educational system!
this is why schools in South Carolina fail
you sold your soul to the devil.  Sad!
yes because it takes a rocket scientist? how did we get Common Core? Oh and how did our school system get to this point?
I will on longer support you in any election since you support #DeVos.  Expect great opposition during your next run.
We all need a STRONG secretary of education. Betsy DeVos is the best you could think of ?
if u care about education #saynotodevos #stopdevos.  She a harm to all public education
but school choice undoubtedly leads to school hierarchies, which leads to unequal access to education?
Ask her a direct question - excluding Grizzly bear remarks - she is incompetent- if you vote for her - so are you
then why are you in favor of policies that will ultimately kill public education?
if this is true then you will be voting no, correct?
DeVos does not support public schools. Please vote NO on her, to give children a better future
Fair enough but @BetsyDeVos is unqualified & unfit as she has zero experience & is obviously clueless about this job.
Don't put Party ahead of Children. They deserve better. Vote No for Devos. She's done nothing in Michigan to help.
sir, please do not sell out! (Literally) U don't owe payback on her money. She cant pay to play with our children's future
You lost my vote in the next election
By supporting Betsy DeVos you have proven that this statement is bull.  Hope everyone pays attention came election time
YOU SOLD SOUTH CAROLINA OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you, you, you- but you are suppose to be supporting us - South Carolina!!! VERY disappointed-
As someone who has voted for you twice now I'm disappointed you think Betsy DeVos is the solution for better public schools
Yet what happens to the students left in schools voucher kids leave? The students w/out access to transport?
if you're in favor of strong public schools why would you confirm someone with ZERO experience? Oh right, she paid you.
admit she bought your vote. You disgrace your office. #StopDeVos
this vote is going to affect our special needs students.
thank you! Every family should be able to make a school choice that fits them best!!
and all this person will do is make it better for the rich and worse for the poor schools. Shameful.
#schoolchoice will devastate public school system which means only rich kids will get a quality educstion.
You have lied and cheated America's children. #Shame #Resign or be #Recalled
Support the people of South Carolina, not a President who is more and more unstable every day
So we need someone with education and experience, not someone who donated millions to tRump
And what about rural and special needs students? How do you feel about corporations profiting from charter schools?
if your parent is not there to make an option and if a private school declines you what will happen? You are blinded by 
how NAIVE can one be? It's pathetic. It'll be the end of PUBLIC SCHOOL. Bad students will get "badder". We will remember u!
u voted for her. Our state is divided between rich and poor. Now you just helped them to keep dividing us. Shame on you.
We will not have strong schools with DeVos at the helm. You say we are uninformed. That's rather presumptuous. #DeVosVote
Keep up the good work!  We love you and support you!!!
- VOTE NO to Devos! SOuth Carolina students are more important that your political donations! Voters are paying attention!
DeVos doesn't have a clue what she's doing. Sessions is a flat out racist. Tillerson is a Russian sympathizer.
Then you've failed miserably. I live in SC and will vote you and Graham out if you do not get rid of the lunatic in the WH.
I support you and DeVos, time to break up this bureaucracy run by NY libs & Wash elites, teachers unions
How choice benefit your SC working families?
DeVos knows nothing about public schools. How she will protect them?
http://Disappointed.You  can be 4 #schoolchoice and still opppose DeVos. Leave kids disability rights "up to the states"?
NOTHING in Betsy DeVos' history or resume would underscore her support of public ed... it's not reform, it's  destruction!
then make schools follow the law or lose federal funding
with your support of Ms. DeVos, you contradict your own statement.  Children deserve the best, she is not the best.
Bottom line -  your "support" was purchased.
Reform at the hands of someone with no true knowledge of what needs to be done spells disaster.
With your vote for #DeVos you have ignored your constituents. We will not forget. #ProtectSchools #theResistance
no you have $50000 reasons at least to support the most obvious pay for play nominee ever seen. Thanks for more corruption
Then WHY are you supporting Devos? Shouldn't you look for public educational experience as a criteria? #representUs #Lead
It's all about the coin with you senators.
Please reconsider...Betsy DeVos is NOT the right choice for Sec of Ed!
that's why we desperately need competent leadership and she's not the person that will get us there!
I think you meant to say "We need strong public schools and strong options for ALL students but I will vote against that."
As a constituant, I am incredibly disappointed in your support of DeVos. She is not qualified for the position.
School choice is fine, as long as they abide by same fed. regs., also admins. are too top heavy. We need smaller class size
you're not listening. Ask your constituents. We are begging. You're great at accepting devos' money though. Disappointing.
She will destroy strong public schools
#schoolchoice is great but not when it could potentially defund public schools. #listentoyourteachers #NotoDeVos
@postandcourier Timmy Scott-you have always been a weak Senator. Only difference now is all your constituents know it too.
I must disagree with this choice. Private Ed is not public ed.  I respect you highly but strongly disagree on this choice
thank you Tim keep up the good fight
For this reason, please do not support Betsy DeVos who neither understands or supports public eduction or higher ed reform
For the love of God do not vote for Betsy DeVos. I like school choice too, but not at the cost of public schools.
then why do you support someone with no experience whatsoever?
that isn't what Devos wants. she wants to dismantle public schools
Nooooo sir. You received $50K from DeVos. This is why people have a problem with you. You are lying through your teeth.
Consider changing your vote to NO on #BetsyDevos. I see you checking your phone at this hearing...
and yet south Carolina ranks at the bottom in schools.
"this is not abt whether or not she supports charters or vouchers it's abt if she CAN support Public schools" @timkaine
I thought you were better than to be bought out. For once, be real #StopDeVos
don't forget about malfunction junction in Columbia please Senator
#BetsyDeVos is dangerous for our children and our future. Please vote NO to save public education!!!
great then Support someone who knows something, anything about education DeVos does not
thank you
It's easier to be a social media activist than to actually go out into your community and serve. Thank you for all you do!
Bottom line is, you're bought and paid for.
Hmm should we do a #TrumpLeaks on Betsy Devos? RT if we should.
#theresistance #thelead #amjoy #msnbc #DeVosHearing #devos #dworkinreport

"school choice" and "strong public schools" are directly at odds. DeVos' policies haven't worked before and won't now
So by your own words you can in no way support DeVos. Or you are lying to your constituates?
We need strong PUBLIC schools. Do not need someone teaching kids to plagiarize. #noDevos
not if the options are at the expense of Good public school resources! Equal Resources, Competitive teachers & facilities
The state of SC has not. For 21 yrs they refused equitable school funding for poor and rural SC districts. Blaming the schools is a joke.
You are not representing views of most constituents. I hope all respond next election. Enjoy that $49k. Policy over party.
The narrative that choice will do that is a false one if we sell out to those who value $ more than education
Maybe if you thought more about those teachers you talked about, you would have voted no.
you must be confused then, why would you support Betsy DeVos ??
Thank you for your comments regarding education and Betsy DeVos's confirmation. I support her confirmation.
I hope this indicates a NO vote, sincerely, your constituent in Charleston
your constituents overwhelmingly reject Betsy DeVos, you were elected to be their voice in Washington. Vote no!
Exactly! I know dozens of SC resident who have called to block DeVos. You must listen to constituents.
Schools must teach accountability starting in 1st grade.But gov gets involved n teaches u can't discipline. Not in charter
she will not commit to current requirements for Civil Rights reporting. This meets ur definition of caring for ALL students
all the more reason to NOT support DeVos
@postandcourier public schools suck as long as students with behavior issues are allowed in the classroom
Give these babies a choice! Let them have a clean well structured n most important disciplined school.
No on Devos then. No question.
DeVos displayed "a very disturbing lack of knowledge about basic education law and policy" sen murphy. This is OK by Scott
"oppose her willingness to spend Taxpayer dollars to completely unaccountable for-profit private schools" Sen Hassan
If discipline is not a priority in school u can't learn.Teachers have to buy supplies out of own pocket.WHERE IS THE MONEY!
You literally just said you are ignoring the thousands of constituents that contacted you and requested a no vote on DeVos.
how about actually investing money into our public schools? Better schools = more and better options.
bottom line: you sold us out for pathetic campaign contribution.
you sir, are a greedy partisan hack
And you need big donors like DeVos to keep fillinh your coffers. You've been bought.
#OpposeBetsyDeVos What choice is there when Common Core is everywhere and DeVos supports it and candidates that support it.
shame on you! It IS about her! Her LACK of experience and knowledge is horrifying! We can do so much better 4 our children
Keep fighting 4 the kids! Dems just want the $. 5000 A YR 4 CATHOLIC SC-15000/20000 4 PUBLIC. FRAU D N WASTE IN PUBLIC
vouchers are not the answer!
your vote in favor of @BetsyDeVos is a travesty...you must not have heard from public educators! #DumpDevos
so u voted on ONE issue, and ignored deVos' massive lack of qualifications. Shameful, sir. Shameful!
"all students" represented by an inexperienced billionaire? Come on, be better!
w/ collab from schools, government, parents etc. Not extinguishing options when few exist today in MOST minority schools
- you accepted $50,000.00 from her and now you're voting for her. Crooked Tim.
looks like you wont be winning your next election. Did you pass any classes? #noDevos
we NEED an educated Leader Of DOE NOT DeVos. Give our kids a chance
How do you even look yourself in the mirror anymore knowing that you have completely sold out the children of this country?
Because he values money and his position over the children in this state.
Do you really want your children's education determined by NYC, teachers unions, Wash elites?
Tell me what NYC has do with the education of the entire United States? DeVos IS a DC elitist
NYC & teacher union buy pols favorable to old policies, tenure, common core.Gross regulations
strong options and strong PUBLIC schools are best PROTECTED by someone who understands public education from every angle
SHAME ON YOU. #DeVosVote #DumpDevos
Sell out! So full of crap! You cannot sit there and tell us that Betsy DeVos is good for our schools. Shame on you!
bottom line is you've always gone against what is best for public schools in SC. Your consistency doesn't make it right.
. Nothing like working against those who need good education desperately. Traitor
You can't truly believe in PUBLIC SCHOOLS and Vote for Betsy DeVos
That's exactly why we disagree with DeVos. She has no plan to improve public schools.She is only interested in private schl
so you vote No on DeVos?
children don't need equal public education quite as much as you need cash.
IS THERE ANYONE IN THIS COMMENT THREAD THAT ACTUALLY SUPPORTS DEVOS? And this is a GOP comment hole we're talkin about
So do I. But @BetsyDeVos  is NOT the person to do that.
bottom line is that you would rather wipe your ass with DeVos $ than care about a child.
WE are your constituents & you need to be OUR voice! Overwhelmingly we are are telling you to vote NO! We will remember.
bottom line is that you want to keep the poor poor and the dumb dumb,  so that they vote for you again.
bottom line is that you support throwing kids with disabilities under the bus.
bottom line is you are a disgusting representation of party politics and an embarrassment to the state of SC.
bottom line is you are choosing party over constituents.
