One of Mankind's greatest accomplishments!
Stanley Kubrick really knocked it out of the park.
No kidding 
Stanly kubrick claim was a hoax and was impersonated by a http://actor.case  closed.
Neil Armstrong took his lie to his grave, will Aldrin and Collins come clean??
the only lie there was about is that them being the 1 and only group of people to go there.
You should watch this, good movie
It's a work of fiction but based around the conspiracy.nwver watched it but have heard of it.
I have a friend who believes this was all fake and that we live on a flat earth.  Can you help me prove her wrong. Oh and she hates NASA
If the earth was flat, cats would have pushed everything off the edge by now...
I told her that. She didn't think it was funny.
Your friend is clearly past the point of no return because that was, in fact, hilarious.
Her FB post are very comical.
You guys risked everything in the name of science and exploration. So greatful to you and he NASA program
Lmao you believe in a sky god
LlegaRon donde siempre quise! Memorable!
Y te lo crees?
Esta pelicula la han hecho en un desierto de Estados Unidos. 
En Nevada creo. 
Tu dices q nunca fue real Jack? Interesante punto de vista, luego me lo explicas?
No you didn't.  We still don't have the technology to have a human safely pass through the Van Allen radiation belt.
To quote RHCP. "Space may be a final frontier, but its made in a hollywood basement" never have words been more true than these!
Inquiry... Do you wear a tinfoil hat?
How many seconds of fuel was left in the descent stage of the LM at touchdown? Gene Kranz said in an interview that there was 17 sec left.
Have you really went to the moon by rocket technology?  Have you ever been on the moon?  What did you saw on the Antarctic land? A hole?
Ha! Look at this photo, they obviously aren't on the moon!

Really!
Why nobody mentions Collins!!
You really shouldn't  You know good and well, we live on a #FlatEarth
Thank you Mr. Aldrin and the brave men and women with The Right Stuff to build our space program.
Buzz, that you ever stepped on the moon is as true like Bin Laden hit the Pentagon with a plane. Best Regards.
Thank you, Buzz.
You are the handsome one - right?
Happy moon landing anniversary, Buzz!
What an impact. I vividly remember going to the Fryer Hall in Karachi, Pakistan to see the "Moon Rock" 1970. Different & incredible time
So cool
Inspirational...always. Thank you! #Apollo11
Buzz, who made the decision that Neil would be the first out of Apollo 11? And did you ever consider pushing him off the ladder?
Liars!!
Amazing! Hi Buzz! I remember it! Thank you all! Debbie
I always felt bad for Collins. He was like y'all's Uber ride to the moon, and then you didn't invite him in for lunar brunch.
CM pilots are often overlooked, they were a long way from home, alone, and with a huge responsibility.
Want overlooked? Check out Apollo 10 or the Gemini missions that made everything possible.
Here ya go! Minute 22:15.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3l4l8EkrEqg …
One just orbited.
here's how it almost didn't happen, and how the space program was destroyed through diversity:
Happy Anniversary Buzz ... one of my biggest thrills was getting to shake the hand of the second man who walked on the moon
Great photo, Frank!
What was it like running into Sentinel Prime on the dark side of the moon???
Thank you, Mr Aldrin, for giving me something to tell the neighbours about when I was aged 4. Pretty sure they'd seen the news, though 
have you had to punch anybody in the face lately?
Timless Story for Man Kind to step foot on Moon Surfage (Congratulation ))
A great service to the human race and our quest to know the unknown.

Thank you
Thank you for your bravery and curiosity.
It was a proud day to be an American. Now let's get to mars already. At least in my lifetime
Nearly a half century later, I still get emotional listening to the audio from your journey.  Thanks for the inspiration & adventure, Buzz.
Don't talk pish. Man has never stepped foot on the moon.
Course they have, Away and wank yer dug 
Don't believe the truth ya mad sheep 
"Don't believe the truth"  kinda flawed statement there 
It is to someone with a closed mind
Mate I like my conspiracys but they defo went to the moon 
Who the fuck filmed it then? And why was there tire marks aw er the gaff
Cameras were set up when they got there n then one of the later Apollo missions had a buggy up there plus there's reflective panels that...
My dad helped train them in scientific experiments out on the AZ crater fields near Flagstaff.
Apollo astronauts brought back. Worked on precursor-Surveyor spacecraft at JPL to lay groundwork for Apollo moon landing. So proud of dad.
Forgot to mention...he is 90 years old...still working hard to restore Surveyor scientific legacy in conjunction w U of AZ Tucson LPL dept.
Can I visit ? Serious
Not sure what you are asking?
Biggest load of bollocks ever. People youve been brainwashed by NASA and the other goverment puppets. #fakeasfuck #toomuchradiation #liars
@cronair @Schmieg__  #fakenews
@TheRealBuzz tell Brandon he's an idiot
Let's see what @realDonaldTrump has to say about this. Trump, Brandon wants to know if we've been to the moon.
On another note...why is there NEVER any of hundreds of satelites shown in any of the photos? Because its faked!!! #openyoureyespeople
But we did not stay! We did not colonise!
My birthday! #moonchild 
Well, Michael Collins (the guy in the middle) might have felt a bit apart from the experience.
When I was 10, in English class, I chose Edwin as my nickname, in honour of Buzz, one of the 12, a bit outshined by the first.

It has been a team work, so don't forget Michael Collins.
What impressed me was the fold up jetsons jeep that fit into that little cardboard cubby on the cardboard lander.
Apollo = greek god
#FAKED
Oh so they live in our reflection..?
Should not forget her #software #girlswhocode #shecoderess
Why doesn't Armstrong have the arm red stripe on his suit?
Commander stripes were not introduced until the H missions.
What are the H missions?

Anyway, I read they introduced the stripe in the Apollo 13 mission https://www.hq.nasa.gov/alsj/alsj-CDRStripes.html …
Apollo 12, 13, & 14. Apollo 15-17 (& 18-20) were J Missions. Apollo 11 was a G mission. The letters refer to objectives. G indicated a demo.
Got a right surprise too, tell the truth #CosmicDisclosure
He did #wehaventcontactedaliens
no he hasnt?
Congratulations and thank you for a lifetime of service
@EamonMcGee Mr Scientist you don't believe in God but you believe this.. Was it the wind that made the flag blow?
https://youtu.be/C2YXHLZCLq0  watched this and seen your tweet 
It's a shame we don't have the technology to go back yet.  So weird that NASA lost the tech to get back past the radiation belt.
We have the tech yet NASA is terribly underfunded. Also don't take thing out of context ;)
No NASA actually says they lost the tech. Maybe do some research b4 correcting people
They never said that, you should do some research
Wanna bet?
Hold on I thought Coppola directed the footage of the moon landing in hanger & that Bigfoot is an ancient alien experiment gone wrong
How did we get through the radiation belt then but we don't have the tech to do it now??
Fly me too, the moon !
Thank you for helping us as kids expand our world, and our dreams, when you were flyers. You have served all humankind, and asked nothing.
It was a great adventure!
A fine looking bunch of steely-eyed missile men. Happy moon landing day, sir.
All are true heroes sir.  I watched it as a five year-old.  Still in awe of the men and the journey 48 years later...amazing.
Buzz what would happen if the third guy said f* this iam walking on the moon and no one will stop me, you guys were far away from the "ship"
Buzz you wont believe that I watched this at nine years of age in Tunisia on the Italian RAI television in black and white ,you are legends.
Remember the event well
We need to go back. Trump won't take us there, except inadvertently(!), but we'll elect a better president soon enough.
handsome hunks of history.
Excellent commitment to a great gag. #Kayfabe
All of us watching you were extremely lucky too. Heady days. We need to see more of them #moonday
But with 2017 technology we can't go past lower earth orbit. explain? By the way the Van Allen belt radiation has given you a nice glow.
i wonder what hollywood set they filmed it on haha
You are an amazing American hero, Buzz! You guys from your era will remain forever immortal in history.
May God bless Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin, and Neil Armstrong. Thank you for your service to this great country!
Much love and admiration to you three and also the 400,000+ engineers, scientists, contractors, etc. who safely got you to the moon and back
che cazzaro XD
How bright was the moon that day ? 
si,molto brillante  kubrick qualche errore lo ha fatto però XD
Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord, and let Perpetual Light Shine upon them.  May their souls rest in peace. Amen.
Will never forget. I was lying on the sofa watching the landing on tv, and the moon was shining in the mirror above the tv. So cool!
And thank all of you so much!
RIP Stanley Kubrick.

Hey Buzz... Where are all your photos of earth & moon as you approached & departed? 
Don't spoil it by telling us how they got on.
Alunizar
a special time in history Buzz
Mc Cain was a pow and drumpf was dodging the draft
  Good times, good times
Happy moon landing day. What a mission, and what heroes to finish it!

@FastFurious81
My father woke me up to see it.
Got to shake hands with the crew at the White House after your journey.  Quite a memory for a 12 year old kid!  Thanks for making US proud.
CONGRATULATIONS ! THANKS TO YOU IN MY COUNTRY CELEBRATES THE DAY OF THE FRIEND. FOR THAT REASON: HAPPY DAY, FRIEND BUZZ!
Splendid adventure good sir
My son is at Space Camp & is commander of his moon mission. He's excited that his simulation is occurring on this Anniversary.
It was a great achievement but it didn't make humanity any wiser.
But was there civilization on Mars, Buzz? Like, I don't know, a few thousand years ago maybe?
And their initials are ACA.
Awesome Memories
A historic trip and exploration of a lifetime! When our nation proved what we could accomplish when we had to. Go NASA Go USA
Thanks from Mankind
I was only 8 years old, but it's still the greatest American achievement of my lifetime. Perpetual congratulations to @TheRealBuzz
Thank you for your service sir!
Sharing the love for those who were the first to take the ultimate journey!
apollo 11 landing The most proud moment
It seemed like a dream came true, but really happened?
The Right Stuff Right There.  All of us kids were on the couch glued to the TV back then.  Was great meeting you at DEMA & chatting Zero-G
We were just very young kids then. Apollo's were during our days, the itchy 
soreyes, how can We forget. Happy Anniversary! 
Félicitations
Semper exploro
Same date as my grandparent's 50th wedding anniversary party. I remember it so clearly, even though I was only 6. What an achievement.
Beat Navy!
Press conference sketchy asf tho...
Fantastic job! Congratulations, Mr. Aldrin!
Awesome
#allheroesoneandall
What it like to have ventured beyond the crib.
I would have wish by now to occupied the nursery.
Monumental achievement - tip of the sword so to speak but brace beyond measure. #inspiration #MagnificentDesolation
Proud moment for all of us.
Some REAL MEN right there ! They don't make em like that anymore
They do, we're just a Dying breed 
Aldrin,  you and Armstrong did the wonder on behalf of mankind.  We salute you
Competence, courage and patriotism. Congratulations millions of times! I was watching that in my b-w TV set! Luck?
Y'all still telling that lie?.. c'mon it's 2017 we don't have any space competition like we did back then..
Heroes, as are those that put them there, preceeded them and followed in the various programs around the world.
Why is the Moon always white? Because it is secretly a white supremacist
Thank you Buzz for your Bravery and one of my favorite moments of my life watching you that night as a bright eyed 8 year old watching on TV
don't forget handsome
Looks like a Ralph Morse #life @GALLERY_M photo
I've been consumed with envy ever since. I'd so love to hear about your thoughts during that time. BTW, if you get another chance, punch him
3 very brave men good sir 
congrats
Thank you 
Three brave heroes we should celebrate every day.   They don't make them like that anymore.
Those were exciting times even as a small child.
We are grateful for your service.
Did Armstrong take PED ?
Smart, courageous group of guys here.
I was born 7/16/69 so, sir, you have always been a hero of mine.
Wait, Michael Collins too? ;)
Thanks, guys!
Thank YOU for your heroic contribution to space exploration, science in general and American exceptionalism then and now! #Apollo11 #NASA
Sorry @AmyFreeze7 I don't know how I got you tagged in this! Especially with the 'truther' involved now #eyeroll
Still selling this crap..you were splashing down in the ocean at that time impossible to land on the moon much less take off.
Outstanding!
I call bullshit
You believe the earth is flat heh? 
Definitely flat
Remember that day clearly.  Excited 8 yr old watching it on black and white TV.
In case you all need a video to accompany https://tinyurl.com/y76ou2su 
Lucky to have been a spectator to your heroism. Salute.
'To infinity!" Right?
Will NEVER forget that Day~ Thank You!
Still the greatest thing we ever did! 
I remember it as if it was yesterday, was a beautiful Sunday, listen to the landing on a car radio, got home on time to see Neil and Buzz.
3 American heroes. Still so proud!
Thank you: you are a Legend!!!!
Greatest ! Thank you Mr. Aldrin
Happy Evoloterra, Mr. Aldrin.
I dont think luck had much to do with it sir.
Love you Buzz!!!!!!
3 lucky,  brave guys with testicles the size of a Volkswagon!
Go @FloridaTech
Congratulations! Would you please tell the world the parts they wouldn't let you tell us?
Congrats on your anniversary Buzz
Good job Buzz! You inspired a whole generation about Dreams can be reached.
@FarmtoSpace

2 lucky guys and one left behind to keep the engine warm... Poor Collins.
Congrats guys.
Still the best thing we've ever done.
48 years ago,the world saw something magic...Great achieving!Mr Aldrin, what a great guy you are!
Biggest moment in human history!
Absolutely
Selling it, yes, a major achievement.
Really?  Isn't it time for you to flip the burger and fries?

1 lucky guy even got to celebrate communion there. 
I thought that was fantastic!!
Awe inspiring!!
*first humans to land on a film set in the desert :)
Agree
Is your ignorance truly blissful?
My eyes are wide open sir
They worked mighty hard at being lucky.
Yeah...in order to help the Decepticons.
Thank You Buzz
Buzz you were my Hero and still are.
MAGA.
I wish humans today would risk it all for the sake of exploration and science instead of money. Thank you for pushing our limits
"YAY we made it. Lets go."
"No Mikey, you wait in the car."
Thanks for the memories Buzz
Great to remember American hero's

NICE!
Cheers, I'm a songwriter.
That studio must have been amazing. The effects weren't great but it must have been a really fun shoot.
BS.
3 courageous men. Thank you for your service
Congratulations!!!
Life with you in it has been a blast! Thank you Buzz Aldrin! #Apollo11
I watched it on TV live when I was 5. Still remember!
"The first humans" 
I'm going to show this to my 7 yr olds. Then I'm going to show them your CV to show them how luck is made. Thanks for lighting the path.
Thank you Colonel Aldrin for your service to our country
No you didn't
IT WAS FAKE
You're still peddling this BS? We know you didn't go. You're a liar & a thief. You should be ashamed of yourself. Guilty of fraud & treason.

You guys all worked too hard to call it  lucky, Sir.
