Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/TGowdySC/status/854700373159882753 … (Ranked 27th for Apr 19.)
Not only are you a cynical opportunist, but you are also tone-deaf as this photo illustrates. Just another #GOPJesus acolyte
Please help fight for our jobs in Weatherization, so many people will suffer, if such a great program is cut, low income families will lose
so you taking over for the Obama crowd and their race crap?
First Chaffetz and now Gowdy! Look closely the scandal is large
HRC STRIKES AGAIN! 2 of Gowdys investigators missing! Pray to God U take this #EVIL murdering witch DOWN!  https://youtu.be/5ZlE46ZxaHY 
How about meeting to discuss Rice, Farkus, Clinton? DO WHAT YOU'RE OVERPAID TO DO!!
Any updates on your missing investigators ? Glad to know you are still going after HRC. FBI is dirty
You two represent the culture and the history of the Old South with a refreshing vision of the New South and America in general. Bravo!!
Have you had lunch today?   You need your impeachment strength, so go have a sandwich and get busy
Trey covering up government crime while making a government dime Gowdy
mageejan3
Which race?.
How to oppress and loot, in that order? You are a vile partisan hack, Trey.
Are you able to confirm if your Investigators are indeed "missing"?
@TGowdy  next Director of FBI?
I♡tg
Sir Trey Gowdy...
#pedo/pizzagateisreal
#pedogate
They need your voice. Your voice
The kids need YOU//Fan from sweden. God Luck to you Sir!
Be careful.  Your buddies have rumors flying. Will they be headlines tomorrow?
Really? The optics, hmmmmm
We wish peace to Bush the Father from the heart because he saved the world with peace
An example of a great American university where you can discuss controversial topics and debate them with respect. Send students there
Tell me there isnt wierd crap going down with @jasoninthehouse
And did you learn how not to be racists...cause you need to work on that and the GOP could use some help on that too.
#TreyGowdyDouchebag
Eventful,  Black Republican and the rest red neck white people! Historic!
A good men like you is like a bright sun. 
You illuminate them
I wish I'd known, I would have driven down there for that!  Keep up the good work!
Gowdy  u r awesome
HEALTHCARE AND TAX REFORM ------  PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Busy, busy good man! Think about 2020!
why not discuss #awanbrothers #Gulen deportation #corrupt #mccabe #comey #mcmasters #irs twit and #HRCRATLINES?
Putinbot
what does Putin have to do with #AwanBrothers?Muslim Paikistani spies who worked IT for Dem Congress peeps? Do you know about #awanbrothers?
Jason Chaffetz, Powerful House Republican, Won’t Run in 2018
@realDonaldTrump Make James Comey resign, and put Trey Gowdy to lead the FBI!!!!! We (America) need him!!!
Yes we do!!!!
What about susan rice
This country was doing great till Obama came into the picture. Work..you get paid..you buy things. No more Gov help!
Here is the thing about race Tell them to stop bitching about it! Marines dont see color! Black,white,tan,brown were all the same.!
Calexit was a movement against his alleged racism, they petitioned Obama and democrats after he won to succeed .it was run by a Russian
America needs you Trey, keep it up!
Glad u had a good time. Now please get back to work on investigating how this administration colluded with Russia. Our Democracy is at stake
thank you Trey for doing what you do
Good job.
Trey, Did You all Mention the Biggest Scandal in Our Nations History ? Did You all Discuss Doing Your Job and Get Justice on Trump/Putin ?
Awesome!!!
2 warriors from SC. .. they fight daily for our constitution
Glad you had a great time @winthropu, however, lip service, junkets, vacations accomplish nothing except losing your base.Midterms are close
So, when is your Town Hall again?
Wish CA had a replica of you as our Senator! We might be a tad less loonie of a state if we did!! 
Thanks for all you do for us !
God Bless you !!
Birds of a feather... party over people

God Bless You Mr Gowdy! Please keep being a beacon of what America is at its core!
LoL, well since you were discussing Race, it was nice you guys invited one black guy!
done anything bout making up for benghazi waste no i didn't think so
I completely agree with you! Inslee has become the worst governor Washington has seen...
You are enabling corruption and treason. Do your job!
S-E-R-I-O-U-S-L-Y?
Sir, Will you please investigate the #AwanBrothers? #HillarysHackers
What's  in your wallet, trey?  Certainly not the best interests of the American people.
Trey, you and Tim are two of the few really great people on the hill, wish there were more, cheers!
I'm sure Token enjoyed the race talks.
Did y'all discuss the white supremacist movement that's been emboldened by your party?
Remember we the good citizens of SC have spoken..you do remember? You work for us.explain 2 me how millions in tax for a veggie is wrong??
We love you Trey, and we love Senator Scott!
Trey Gowdy when r u going to send Hillary Clinton to jail really trey we the people send u up to do a job trey an u r not doing it period


#PizzaGateIsReal #PedoGate #BringDownTheRing #Podesta
Screw Party Lines thats probably the one thing thats hurt this government more than anything else.
Republicans have a chance to do something beneficial and look like the sensible good guys. a strong majority support universal. polls man.
Now I realize 2 be ALLOWED To leagalize mmj in SC gotta get Mark Keels (SLED DICTATOR)  permission. Just give him a raise.leftovers to state
So when do you plan to switch to supporting universal healthcare?
So did you discuss the potential tax revenue of legalization of mmj in SC? I KNOW y'all at Winthrop saw their surveys? What is latest 78% 
Please, start rhe pedo arrests. Rhe children can't wait! #savethechildren !
Shouldn't you be meeting with lawyers about your Bhengazi pay scandal? All this fake posturing isn't gonna help with the trial.
Gotta meet with @MichelJFaulkner !! he's pulling NY community together and needs support. REACH OUT N say HI
Clone Trey Gowdy!
What were the outcomes of the discussion? Any action items? Honestly, I'm curious.
good job Congressman
enough with the race....
Trey, excited that you're part of the investigation team!!
My Alma Mater!! Love Winthrop.
Hey Trey! What if you had one shot. One opportunity. To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment. Would you capture it? #oldEminem
Thank you.
You should be President of the United States
Your my hero MAGA
and you're mine.
Are you conducting any town halls while you are in Spartanburg?
You go Gowdy!
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump #Healthcare
I think more focus should be on health care. . Not corporate health insurance. Healthcare
