Please come prepared with a rational explanation for voting Yes on Betsy DeVos, because I need to hear it from your mouth.
Betsy DeVos will be a great Secretary.  Choice in  schools will help students.
Directing funding from already underfunded public schools will NOT help children.
The charter school successes described by Sen Scott sound great.  All students should have such good options.
Yeah...how do you propose children of families making leas than the tuition of these schools pay for it?
Vouchers and scholarships.  The charter schools Sen Scott described were all in poor communities.
Poor communities that also have free public education currently.
this was affixed to my shirt as paper article of clothing. Security forced me to remove. What's y'all's issue w/free speech
Good for you! He probably gets kickbacks from Big Pharma. They're all criminals.
his donations from pharma this last cycle would pay full price for my insulin for over 7 years
My sister is at your town hall meeting this morning - interested to hear how it goes.
Trust @marissawarwarRN & Sara didn't #runintoanytrouble a Charleston adventure Some #townhalls have been explosive
no more room. Guess you should've asked @CityCharleston or @NorthCharleston for bigger venue.
Looking forward to seeing you.  Your voters support you, don't let the loudmouths overwhelm them.
Good job at the town hall today.  Your positions were excellent.
Got some blow back for this.  I said disruptions are non-productive.  Need to ask ?s in civilized way.
Don't let 'em stack your crowd with disruptors. Watch the people who show early, that's their tactic, arrive and take seats
.@Telebusy Oh my! Concerned constituents arriving early to get to dialogue w/their reps & participate in democracy? How very American of us
- Constituents or obstructionists? Paid protesters, maybe? We'll see how much they scream and shout, not allowing response.
what's your def of obstructionist? I would say republicans blocking SCOTUS nominee counts. Also no one's paid.
I would check ID's to make sure there aren't paid agitators getting in. If they aren't from SC,then they have to leave.
no one is getting paid. If you went on Facebook you'd understand there is a thing called civic action taking place. Troll
What out they will have a bunch of outsiders there! Make them have a id to get in!
I hope voters make sure you're unemployed at elections. Today cemented a 'no' from me.
Please stay strong! Support our president.  Don't sell out to all the powers bidding for your very soul with power & $.
Looking forward to this!! Any idea how many people the room accommodates?
pre-screened questions ? no signs or messages? you are a coward and your poor excuse for a town meeting Sat wont cut it
Wish I could be there, Have to work. Awesome job so far, keep up the good work..
Good luck with that!
those that support Obama care, ask if they have been paying attention to the VA problems, they are going to have worse.
be csreful because you know the left will be there.
Are you going to claim we're paid protesters?  If so, do we send the invoices to you?
If we bring our voter registration cards, will you believe that we're constituents? Or will you lie about us again?
Controlling speech by no signs and advance questions is what dictators do. You work for us. This meeting is staged.
Praying for your safety and open hearts. #MAGA
and you've banned people from entering with signs! #TownHall #TrumpRussia #freespeech #Obamacare
you need to find out why they are protesting the Republicans when the Democratic party refuses to work  Republican Party
Don't let them shout you down, Senator Scott.  Your message is spreading and it's based on truth and dignity.  Keep it up.
and funded by Betsy DeVos #$49200
Good luck! Watch out for the rented protestors
ID the people who want in,to be sure they live in your area
Praying you are standing behind President Trump and America. Hoping the meeting on the Island story is not true.
want some ear plugs
Take a peek at @SenTomCotton townhall. He killed it. Godspeed, good Senator. Praying for you.
Given the behavior of attendees as of late, perhaps a middle school venue would be more appropriate.
I hope they don't shout you down, as we all know it accomplishes nothing.....
you will be surprised how people will respond to a direct exchange.They will be disappointed by your proposed filter.
MAN UP and let your constituents who are concerned speak with you directly about their issues.
answering only the questions that you feel comfortable with defeats the purpose of a town hall
do what Sanford did and engage in a respectful and thoughtful exchange with the audience.
and your flunkies are collecting questions at the door so you can answer the easy ones
Why are you vetting all the questions In advance?  Are you just going to pick all the softballs?  Not appropriate?
My husband and I look forward to attending and getting some answers to our questions.
when will you be in the upstate?  We'd love to meet with you and @LindseyGrahamSC
why did you disappear Sat? Left Sen. SANFORD holding the bag. We are watching.
we need one here in Myrtle Beach area too! Not fair to expect us to drive 2 hrs to you!
@christine_737    Go if you're able.
sounds like you are taking a lesson from Trump - find the friendly questions and only answer those.
we submit ? in writing prior to event - you sound a bit scared. How about we bring ? on index cards and you pull from a hat
do a town hall closer to the Upstate, please! Hard for me to get down to the lower end of the state at the drop of a hat.
hope it goes well! Will be close by at the convention center for gymnastics!
@Tesorito84 Praying for a civil, productive event.
gotta love all the ppl warning about activists being bussed in. Those same ppl from NY, AL, MT. 
Fox News/Breitbart junkies.  They should actually attend a town hall!
Please be bold and brave and resolute and remain until you have answered every single question.
Another liberal astroturf session. Didn't your mother teach you, "Fool me once. Shame on you. Fool me twice. Shame on me."
Please have a Town Hall meeting closer to your SC constituents who live in the central & western parts of SC!
sure wish I could go have a great meeting
when are you coming to Columbia, SC?
when and where is your Columbia meeting for constituents? Thanks!
thank you for all you do
Wish I could make it,  you are awesome.  Thank you for all that you do.
#askTimScott Please have #TownHall in York or Lancaster
@lgpereira29 praying for your townhall
brace yourself for the crazy, intoleRANT, rude, disrespectful, non thinkers who dont care about preserving America
THANK YOU!!!
may the force be with you! #MAGA
I am sure the paid protestors with their professional signs will be out in force! Stand Strong you are a great Senator!
Good luck. Wish I could support you but I live in Florida, but I like you
Wear sensable shoes becuz the crazies are going to be there, and don't drink too much water. Be patient, they're delicate.
@P77984750 Great! I hope e it goes really well!
Anyone know the seating capacity?
More paid rabble rousers who will scream throughout the town hall without letting you get a word in.
Be careful! Barry and his OFA are on the prowl!
I respect and thank you for meeting with your constituents. Perhaps you could convince my rep @TGowdySC to do the same?
Good luck. They're bussing in anarchists. Be sure 2 ask protestors WHERE they live in your state. They don't live there.

@lakemichigangal Offer free chai lattes & thin-crust kale pizza 2 blocks away; the event will go off smoothly.
you live in New York.
Your point?
point is I'll worry about my representatives and let you worry about yours. Also kale is 
You're going to need a bigger venue. Might want an auditorium or something. Hope you're planning to be there a while.
Good luck and don't put up with the leftist disruptions.
Those are called questions.  Because we aren't sheep. We think and we have concerns.
Questions r great.  Disruptions are non-productive.  Have a conversation and solve problems.  That is r rights.
I am looking forward to this, questions on Medicare and Medicaid, hope to get answers
I will be there.
I voted for you and I need some answers. I will be there.
Glad you unlike other Republicans are willing
thank you
@IndivisibleCHS Hey Timmy, you do represent ALL of SC, not just Charleston.
I plan to be there with my questions regarding Sec. Education, Russia, immigration
I would say Be Careful but in South Carolina, folks have manners!
PAID MOBS ON THERE WAY LOL
*their*
THANKS
I hope your voters will come out and show their support for you!!!!!
but not the bussed in paid protestors  from the left!
yes!true supporters of a GREAT American!
not all who disagree with you politically is a paid agent provocateur. I'm his constituent
we'd love to see you in Cola.
glad to see you are keeping your promise that you made at Sanford's town hall last Saturday.
You want to hear the voice of the people of SC but professional protesters will be very disrespectful and loud. Be strong!
r u prepped to handle extreme left #progressive socialist acting out Alinsky rules for radicals? Take offense - move ball
What a load of crap...many of us are coming from Beaufort County (even Sun City).  Whoa...that is so radical!
When are you coming to Myrtle Beach?
still waiting to hear when you will have a town hall meeting for constituents in Columbia.
thank you
good luck Senator.
Fair warning ...gonna be lots of opposition there.
that's the way politics works.  People disagree with how things are being done.
Thank you for scheduling this and doing so w/enough advance notice for people w/disabilities to make plans to attend! 
.@SenatorTimScott 
Tim Scott takes all the chocolate candies from the trail mix.
that's because, he knows how much you like to eat nuts....
