I see the left is attacking you as well. Ignore them. Real Americans and South Carolinians support you percent!
is about being qualified for a position. Something DeVos decidedly is NOT.
That's your opinion.
But why concern ourselves with tiny inconveniences like facts?
And exactly how do you know that's a fact? Were you there? 
She does have the qualifications to help our schools in SC, do not vote for her. You can do better than her.
I agree with all you said, but you didn't tell us WHY you are voting for her.
No, this is about the $50,000 @BetsyDeVos has given you. Let's call it like it is senator.
source on that?
"The family gave Senator Tim Scott.. nearly $50,000"
woah. He should recuse himself for conflict of interest. Thanks. L
I'm just ready for our politicians to be honest & transparent. I feel like Scott is being shady
As opposed to Senator Schumer... shady?  Grow up.
Schumer is not my senator. I voted for Tim Scott & thus have expectations.
@BetsyDeVos Pulling up the ladder, eh, Senator Scott? Perhaps @MayorHancock would serve as a better role model?
you bright is a result of your turning the other lights off. Your ignorance will not be forgiven
Your payed for Martin Luther King speech isn't worth the TP I wipe my ass with.
I'm disappointed that you voted for DeVos definitely not ensuring a brighter future for kids
it's about you making money off of her company. Lies
love how less than 2 wks ago you said constituents are your bosses. But yr vm has been full since then.
if you truly wanted to ensure kids a brighter future, you would have voted no. #noDevos #AllMeansAll #ImYourEmployer
I guess cash in your pocket is better than a stable progressive Department of Education.
Equal educational opportunity is the future; 75% of Millennials support school choice. https://www.the74million.org/article/poll-75-percent-of-millennials-support-school-choice-majority-of-americans-like-trumps-20-billion-plan …
No! Devos is the wrong person for the job! Our students deserve MUCH better! I'm an SC Public Ed Supporter.
did you tell them how you sold us out for under $50k? Public school teachers will remember this.
Low information?  Misinformation?  Those are the watchwords of the Left.
NO to DeVos!  She doesn't know public ed,doesn't know IDEA and doesn't know government student loans! NOT highly qualified!
how do vouchers help kids in public schools?
Senator, you have received more than $49,000 in contributions from DeVos. It is unethical for you to support her. #noDevos
you've seen how she destroyed schools in her state, and you think she's good for kids? Shame.
if you wish to ensure a brighter future, you will not capitulate to this un-mandated administration #noDevos
-it's about the $50k she paid you. House boy.
boo!
as one of your constituents who has experience with IDEA, I am appalled at your support of DeVos.
So if I donate $50k to your campaign, does that mean I can be dir. of edu? Apparently qualifications are irrelevant.
couldn't have said it better.
it's obvious you will do & say anything to tow the party line.  Disgraceful.
Nice job remembering your roots. You should be ashamed.
and future donations 
I do not understand how you think DeVos is a competent candidate for Sec of Education. You've definitely lost constituents
If it were really about the kids, you would vote no.
we now see you're more loyal to your party than the people!
Great job...Thanks
a very dim and bleak future. You should be ashamed. It's obvious how unqualified she is.
No, it's about taking care of rich white kids and funding your political career.
We $ee you. Shameful that 49k buys your vote. #lostvote
it's good to know your integrity is with 49k.
Supporting Betsy DeVos is NOT about ensuring any kids a brighter future. Shame. Just so shameful.
2020 is coming sooner than you know!!!  I will not vote for you again.
You had a great opportunity to represent your constituents and chose to succumb to influence by money.  Very disappointing.
Shame on you. You're working against the children who need your help the most.
WRONG!
You don't know what you are talking about. You are damaging students in SC! I am ashamed of you as my senator.
Pontificating about edu with no reference to unqualified DeVos. School choice robs poor schools. IDEA needs strong Feds.
Betsy Devos failed her 'job interview'. Please vote no for her. Don't let her fail our kids.
Goodluck getting any support from us in the future.
$$$$ won't save you when the shit hits the fan. You're still worthless in the eyes of billionaires. Now you sold your soul
you intentionally ignored your constituents. Funny thing is you have kids who will be affected by this as well.
thanks for selling out our children. I hope that $50k was worth it. You won't have a job in a few years.
No Sir , she will BK public education. She has no experience. As a teacher I am begging you not to vote for her.
you should be ashamed. Be assured that l will never vote for you again and publicly campaign against you.
#notqualified
DeVos will not provide a better future for PUBLIC school children.  Please vote NO.  Please.
as an advocate for your reelection in HorryCounty l say if you choose to press forward with a yay vote you will lose mine
then vote NO on Devos.
brighter futures for kids IN D.C. not SC, which is who you are supposed to be concerned with.
How can you support someone who has no experience in public education and bought her appointment w/political donations???
do not be bamboozled by the lies that about @BetsyDeVos She is NOT the right choice for education
bought and paid for moron
Devos is 100% unqualified. It's about morals and ethics. Please do the right thing and vote "NO".
How can u put party over underserved, underrepresented, mostly non-white privileged students who RELY on public schools?
...big deal. Start kicking some ass or all of you will get recalled.
Please vote against Betsy DeVos.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?utm_term=.55ed74d52a79 …
recuse yourself!! You can't take Devos $$ and then vote for her, obvious conflict of interest! We are watching you!
This will hurt my three children in public school.  Defunding public education is sickening @SenatorTimScott @SenateGOP
what a great disappointment.  Party over country.
Thank you for standing up for students.
stop lying.  This is padding the pockets of yourself and your wealthy friends with education $. #fishrotsfromtheheaddown
I think that you are such an awesome senator and a blessing to our government thank you for all you do thank you4 listening
Baloney!  The woman has no experience whatsoever in public education -- she's a big provider of $$$ to Trump and that's it.
Devos should not have been approved: Lack of experience, knowledge, vision. When does doing right overshadow politics?
With someone who has ZERO Experience? Maybe I should Run for Your office and put you out of a job. SELLOUT.
Hillary accepted $50M+ from anti-gay, Arab countries. Where is your outrage about that? They execute gays.
Your donation argument is weak.
Please, please tell me why she is not qualified. Is it because she's a woman?? #smh
Shame on you for turning your back on public education! You have slapped the children and teachers of SC in the face
if only she knew what she was doing. Billionaires have no clue about the public school system.
thank you for standing your ground #4OurKids and against the union bullies.
do you realize that your people in South Carolina say NO. Do you care about anyone but your "career".
You can ensure a brighter future by having someone qualified and informed on edu. issues. Not someone who pays to play.
What happened to being "committed to listening to my bosses at home in South Carolina"? We won't forgive or forget this!
you claim to come from low-income background yet vote for someone who will keep low-income kids stuck in the cycle #sellout
this is purely about money and her donation
how much did #BetsyDeVos pay you 4 this? U r full of more shit than the porter potties at the women's march
- SC is last in Education. Out of 50 states, we are #50 Think giving more power to state will do SC any good? ...Not for SC
Seriously?! @SenatorTimScott You accept $49k in donations from DeVos and then think you can ethically vote for her? The people disagree.
just stop. Your constituents know you are #boughtbybetsy and couldn't care less about our kids.
#conflictofinterest #RecuseYourself
I'm embarrassed that you come from my home state of SC. You are useless to us and obviously did not listen when we called
so very disappointed! I now question your integrity and the cost for your vote.  I will work to defeat you in the future!
Here is a simple equation: She bribes her way in, WE VOTE YOU OUT. Equals big zeroes for all of us in the end thanks pal
Great! Freedom and Liberty should start with #SchoolChoice for children.
ensuring your pocket a bigger paycheck
let's call a spade a spade. You care about your pockets not the children of this state. You are an embarrassment
dump DeVos! We are counting on you!
it's a sad day in South Carolina...and for all kids in public education. Shame on u...
I am extremely disappointed. I voted for you and you are not listening to the people. Stop walking the party line.
I voted for you. But you refused to listen to all of us. I won't vote for you ever again. Disgusted with you. Represent us!
So against The People to support her. We don't want her. Listen to us, we'll remember your vote. We won't let people forget
Thank you, Tim Scott! Hopefully, you can get through to the ones who are misinformed!
did you mention how much $$$ you have received from her over the years?
has spoken & your voters are watching. Clearly, you can be bought. You do not serve your constituents but your own agenda.
DeVos is not qualified to discuss nor does she support public education.She wants to privatize to profit off schools: Sick!
You and others benefited from DeVos donations. It doesn't matter whether she's the best person to lead our public schools. It's all about 
it's about keeping $ in public schools.  A billionaire for profit educator is not the right choice.
Great job, Senator Scott!
You have jeopardized the education of millions of children for the price of a luxury car.  Sleep well tonight Senator.
No, it is not. History has its eyes on you as do we.
The last thing you did was HELP. Let's be honest, the only thing you did was make yourself look like a fool.
You spoke? As in you voted to ruin the bright futures of all American students, not just from your state but every state.
Never been a less qualified candidate for this job. As a Republican, I am embarrassed you have put $'s over integrity.
selling out public education for campaign cash... what a corrupt politician.. I curse the day I voted for you!
No it's pay to play and you accepted a BRIBE. If parents can AFFORD better choices, their kids get "better choices." Shame.
please pass congratulations and appreciation to Sen Alexander for committee LDRSHP today respectful of voter & our taxes
As a Charlestonian, I'm glad to see Ms DeVos was approved by the Committee.   Looking forward to her confirmation.
where a teacher's job is already challenging enough, you just voted to make it worse. Education shouldn't be about party. 
So disappointed in my Senator...apparently party is more important than our children.
you did not represent the wishes of the people of SC today. We will remember this on Election Day
we will remember Sir when you are up for re election.
Read your OP today in the P&C. Can Betty DeVos change SC's "minimally adequate" legislative standard? Good luck on that!
And some day you will answer for it.
git'er done Senator Scott, we need sanity in the schools.  as always thank you for all you do on the nation and local front
Senator I am from SC and oppose Mrs. DeVos.  Pretty sure I DO understand why but will call your office now to check. Thx.
never mind...all lines busy and mailbox is full. Imagine that.
.@SenatorTimScott Excuse me, how exactly will DeVos provide PUBLIC SCHOOL CHILDREN a brighter future?
#noDevos This will not ensure a brighter future,It will weaken public education Represent your constituents & vote no
well thats much better than running around with Rubio trashing Trump.   You & Schumer on same side huh
You're a good man Senator! God bless you!
@QuintinOnCamera How much did she pay you for this?
This is absurd.
Oh for God's sake Tim, your minimally adequate SC education is showing.
are you kidding?  Come on, bro, you're better than this
Shame on you, sir.
You couldn't even hold your head up to say yes on that vote. You know DeVos is unqualified. Listen to your constituents.
Why don't you flash that check you got from DeVos? Your vote was BOUGHT and you are PAID for  http://endcitizensunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Web-DeVos.pdf …
ridiculous nonsense is what you ensured
unfortunately sir, you decided against children's futures.  I pray for wisdom & against the sway of political aspirations.
No it is not. DeVos does not understand public education. Begininng to think neither do you! #noDeVos
please listen to educators and your constituents. Our children's future is ar risk
I voted for you & had so much respect for u, but u didn't listen to your constituents on this and I'm highly disappointed.
yeah... I doubt it.
if every student deserves our best, how about choosing someone with education and experience?
Educators here in South Carolina disagree!  You should listen to them.  We can do better.
Not buying it. This about being bought and paid for.  Shame.
Can't begin to stress my disappointment over the past few days with your decisions. You sold SC out sir.
you did more than speak Sir!!!!!!GREAT JOB
and STILL not listening to the people who vote in SC. We will NOT forget! #dumpscott #sellout #noDevos
no sir this was about ensuring YOU have a brighter future.
Betsy DeVos wants better education for all children, but NEA and teachers unions don't care about education, just their $.
Shame on you.
Which is why we demanded you to vote NO! I guess we needed to donate almost $50,000 to get you to consider our voices.
please look up qualified in the dictionary.  I guess it means " political" smh disappointed
plz provide ins. plans to vets, they earned it. They stand in line at VAMC while illegals/refs/welfare go to Dr of choice.
My Favorite DeVos quote on Education "“Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education." - Betsy
NO

IT'S

ABOUT

KEEPING

A

RELIGIOUS

ZEALOT

THE

HELL

AWAY

FROM

OUR

PUBLIC

SCHOOL

APPROPRIATIONS
what about kids in wadmalaw or johns isl. just take more money from there school and leave stud of poverty stuck. Good job
No, this is about you selling out & giving an unqualified donor a government job http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/betsy-devos-trumps-big-donor-education-secretary … #DumpDevos
vote yes on DeVos
.@SenatorTimScott You've failed to hear 1000s of bipartisan constituents who know she's not qualified & SC kids will suffer. #SCsaysnoDeVos
SC kids have been suffering for a long long time now..where have you been?
What does it matter. I'm here now. I'm watching now. I'm fighting now. That's what truly matters.
and so is he..fighting for our schools..we need to give Devos a chance..what we have now isn't working
.Unfortunately, @SenateDems do not care about kids' futures. They care only about teachers' unions votes.
vote no on DeVos!
#noDevos  #notqualified
why don't you check your phone messages and see what your constituents think?
because his office is too busy hanging up on us when we call.
I guess now we know how much his vote (and integrity) costs.
It is! Which is why we all asked you to vote NO.
Approve her already!
Please!!!
And just what good does that do?? Is she confirmed?? If not you aren't doing your job? More FUCKING words, no results.
Calm down before you have your aneurysm. Your "wholesomeness" is a joke. Children deserve better.
Your advice is indicative of your personal view of yourself. ELITIST, ABOVE REPROACH DOMINANCE. Wrong but you
