very important to see memos of Comey's meetings with Obama Hillary/Bill Lynch Learner etc.. etc.
I think the historical investigation should wait until the current threat is resolved.
have to back up to the original crime, Comey's coverup for Clinton and others
I think after 8 months of investigation, if nothing was found there's nothing to find.
yep, nothing to find on @realDonaldTrump
Get Obama and Clinton memos as well. Everyone is sick and tired of one sided witch hunts.
Did you read Wikileaks stuff stolen from DNC?Ever wonder what RNC emails looked like? Not even curious? 
Yeah that DNC is a real nice bunch huh? Weasels everyone
Last I checked Obama nor Clinton are a current US president under investigation. #YouWonGetOverIt
Thanks to Loretta Lynch huh?
Good job by you Senator. Unsubstantiated claims against @POTUS can't stand. It is an attack by proxy against We the People. Call their bluff
Btw I'm just curious if you were this indignant over unsubstantiated claims against any former @POTUS
Where is your statement about cops executing black men?
Back mr.Trump, pull for America
That's a great idea lets have him be mr trump again instead of president trump
Still more respect than Obama or Billary mr. Trump at least is an american, and he cares unlike the other two
Do you think that WAPO reporter invented this story go to jail if Comey did not write memo; or Comey should go to jail for not reporting?
Thank you for standing up for America and not for Russia. So many of your fellow republicans are under Russia's power.
Why didn't he report those memos to AG and DAG. Furthermore it's just a memo. He can write anything. Insane!
Are you still an honorable person. One for truth or are you swayed by power, status and circumstance. My prayer is God hold, direct & lead u
I just read you are turning your back on our President. Another traitor
While you and Trey do nothing about @realDonaldTrump You vote to screw the elderly, poor, and disabled on healthcare bill. #gotorussia
I would rather see his notes from meetings with Lynch, Holder, Lerner, the DNC, Clintons, ...
Please do something about our corrupt DOT.  Leatherman owns a paving company
WHAAT?  Is that you, Tim?  GOP got/had your tongue?
I have a few memos.
Be a little more enthusiastic, Tim! The most corrupt president ever & you're in a position to help bring him down. You should be excited.
Uhhhh, you need to brush up on your history. Just saying.
Well said, Sir.  Keep up the good work
Republics always cut and run never stand and fight. It's sickening!
Yeah... while you are at it, ask him for his memos from his interview with #Clinton #Comey
Do any of you NOT care that the President of the USA may have obstructed justice-- are you totally brainwashed by trump the entertainer
Get notes on hill-billery investigation
It's way more important that Congress get things done for the American people! You all are not investigators! #goodgrief
If he agrees to testify, you will get more half truths.
It is now safe to leave hiding since sp. pros was named. You wear your Christianity on your lapel; I really wonder what's in your heart.
They Are Not Office "Memos" They Are Just Self-Notes! This Has Been Blown Way Out Of Control By A Bunch Of Morons In The MSM & Congress!
No need now for partisan investigations Tim. A special prosecuter will get the job done now.
If created on the clock, those memos are property of We, the People.  Get them all, let's see how it all unfolds.
Just as long as we get all of the Comey memos from #BHO, #VJarret, #EHolder, etc. Comey's memos indict Comey for not immediately reporting
But a hand written memo is not verifiable. It's just his word.
You were part of "transition team" too!
"I hope he will also agree"? When CONGRESS requests someone to testify, it expects compliance.  We The People are in charge -aren't we? 
Memos can be rewritten & changed. Pen & Ink. Show me the tapes
I do wish the senate would get on with the people's business and stop chasing shiny objects
@postandcourier fake news
Can the special counsel subpoena him?
whadda mean "hope he agrees"?  smh at the lot of you
So are we going to look into Clinton and 0bamas scandals too? I am damn sick of Democrats getting away with any damn thing they want
THANK YOU and I hope you'll make a statement in support of Robert Mueller as Special Counsel
shouldn't they be on file & available through FOIA? Though FOIA's take years to get, ask @JudicialWatch even w/ DT admin
I think Congress should see ALL memos from Comey from his tenure as FBI Dir.
It is also important that Republican Party leadership isn't complicit with Russia and  Trump treason.
Also important to see details of agreements a president makes with other countries. For example Iran. Congress is paralyzed by infighting.
I guess the water carriers have no choice but to pause.  Too many holes in their buckets.
How many times do the American people have to put up with these asinine hearings that prove nothing? So disgusted with these charades.....
Lotta hope and not enough subpoenas.  What r u clowns waiting for??? Keep squandering your majority and y'all are getting bounced
It's important to see his taxes...
You must not let up. Trump gave out secrets that he shouldn't
@postandcourier Sen Scott, as a SC voter I would like you to concentrate on worthwhile legislation, not Comey's revenge!!
are you going to ask for his memos under Obama too? No. You've  lost my support with your witch hunt.
Republicans are playing right into the DEMOCRATIC's hands.
#SethRich
Only if there are memos... it is more important for Congress to learn who is leaking all this stuff...
Party over people... nothing to see here folks... same as it ever was...
Also his memos about the Hilary investigators and Loretta Lynch and IRS. If we are gonna be comprehensive let's be comprehensive
Push Senator Scott! We're tired of Republicans that just roll over to the democrats!
You finally saw the elephant in the room.
Don't worry, Trumpkins, Senator Scott has your hero's back:
Thank you for this.  DT is a significant and imminent threat to our democracy and all facts must be examined about situation.
Actually this witch hunt is a veiled attempt to overthrow a duly elected president. U r a threat to this representative republic.
You had a chance to call for this after Comey was initially fired. You waited for Chaffetz permissible. You're weak. #snowflake
We want to see memos of Comey and Obama and Lynch and Clinton.When did Comey come to conclusion of intent of Hillary?
Hey, Tim Scott didn't you hear? Comey is eager and willing to testify before Congress. You're "leading" from behind.
find the 30,000 deleted memos first
Thank you Senator
It is all #Kabuki sir. Stand up for your country, do your job and stand up for the #POTUS
And while at it, have him show memos from Clinton, Lynch, Obama , Rice and the rest of corrupts!
And i hope he brings the Bill & Loretta memos as well as the Huma Hillary email updates & Mr Seth Rich's file frm his computer

Really Tim ???? Do you believe everything the LYING MSM says and doubt our country's president ???? Come on Tim, you aren't that stupid !!!
Then tell Jason to use the right phone number
And end the speculation
Oh, look at you finally waking up. I wonder if you can build a spine out of memos.
If he has memos like this his purpose was to blackmail elected officials.  Because his job was to enforce the law asap not when convenient
Senator you forgot the big "if they exist" point. You and I both know no memos will be produced. That this is just fake news.
If Comey produces the trump memo he would be liable for perjury charges given his past statements under oath. Nothing happens to trump
I feel confident he will testify PUBLICLY once he is granted warranted protections under the law. #Comey #TrumpRussia
I know Trump is innocent of any wrongdoing. This is a witch hunt. I for one am sick of it!
a milquetoast stmnt. He's already said he will testify but only in an open session. Show some ldrshp & call 4 spcl proscutr
I wish you luck with that request. I have heard somebody at the FBI accidently hit the delent button.
If you and your fellow Republicans allow the media to take down the President, you guys are next.
Oh I hope so too.
MORE IMPORTANT for all in congress to wait on FACTs before using their divisive misleading comments and rhetoric to fear monger w/ voters
They should send the subpoena right behind the "invitation letter".
What are you hoping to hear?
