It's about time we care for the vets who sacrificed so much of their lives for our country. We love our vets!!
whatever you decide on labor sec, thank you for taking the time to think about it & not just going along with the party
I sincerely pray he will be part of the solution for the Veterans Administration and not part of the continuing problem.
100-0! That makes him a "so-called" doctor in Trump's book. LOL!
what about mnunchin
:Good!but Sen Scott  now needs to vote yes on Pozner. A Good, honest man.
Wow....non-partisan miracles CAN happen!
Keep his feet to the fire! VA is epitome of goverment bureaucratic failure.
edit: goverNment.
Gotta stop tweeting from this microkeyboard phone.
so vote no on Pudzer.
S.C. Lucky to have you! Many in other states have your back! #MAGA from Indiana!
He better make big improvements.  I use the VA Syracuse.
thank you Mr scott
.@SenatorTimScott So much for labeling Democrats as "obstructionist". Put a qualified person up there & see what happens? Unlike U know who.
How about Penny Pritzker?  Did you disagree with this pick for cabinet?
A billionaire businesswoman in a *commerce* role? Makes sense. In an *education* role? Nah. @SenatorTimScott
So I get it ok to buy a cabinet position as long as it isn't education?  Does not make sense, especially
If DeVos were placed in a commerce role, you'd have less objections. In a role with 0 qualifications? Nah. @SenatorTimScott
the state and their pensions are causing nothing but anomisty amongst the entire state!
I was a teacher too for a while. Hated the union. Guess what? DeVos is still highly unqualified. @SenatorTimScott
Blue Ridge Christian Academy (a nondenominational K–12 Christian school) So the paper came from a Christian school!
But silent about NS adviser,Flynn colluding with Russia even be4 #trump took office! Do your job!Investigate #Trumprussia
praying to all that is holy, #fixthe va
Happy to hear some good news. Thank you for your service...
did you vote for Mnuchin? I am your constituent, please give me an answer.
maybe he'll be able to get a VA Medical Center closer to Myrtle Beach. 11/2 - 2 hours for appts in Charleston unreasonable.

Thanks for the vote.
Hope he knows how to fire the bad apples and help our veterans!
Your constituents need a word with you. When will you be holding a #townhall so the people of SC can have their say?
Black/Brown people sent you there to help not send us back to the Jim Crow Era. You're selfish. You forgot, would MLK?
my vote is for you to keep us safe from Trump.  I'll be here waiting.
what took so long?
sure hope he has what it takes to clean up the VA mess & care for our vets.
@LindseyGrahamSC  when will each of you hold a town hall?  Really interested in seeing you live?  Many would attend
Finally voted for someone worthy of the post unlike DeVos who gave you $42,500! No to Pudzer! Unqualified for Labor! 
is that a first this year for a Trump cabinet member?
Please do the right thing and vote NO on Puzder.
We hope a he will be able to bring reform to the broken and wasteful VA. Good job, Senator!
please vote no for labor sec. South Carolina needs jobs with a living wage.
wow, 100-0... wish all the candidates were so qualified that everyone supported them (unlike Pudzer, #NotOurLaborSec)
When is the town hall? When are you scheduling a town hall in SC. We've been calling, emailing, and Tweeting you. Answer us
we are extremely excited to have him as our Secretary. Let's get on accomplishing his 5 priorities. #veterans
I think he is called Dr. Shulkin
As a Vet, this is a great start! Now the VA compensation system must be fixed so that people don't have to wait 20+years.
I am heartbroken. He will change nothing.
nope...has to wipe out all the bureaucrats beneath him first..and he won't. 1hr 15 minutes to get ask a nurse @SenatorTimScott
I'd make the VA subordinate to the DHA and put a Military Commander @ every clinic and hospital.
something needs done.. Went to ER Fri night, ended up going 2 a civilian doc today to get treated @IrishTea1 @SenatorTimScott
has anyone asked what our Vets think about him?
Thank you our Veterans deserve the best we can give them . They give all
your SC constituents are looking forward to meeting with you during the recess. #townhall
I would encourage a revisal of that to call Dr. Shulkin by his much earned title, rather than Mr.
Hold Veterans Affairs staff accountable for waiting list deaths. Emergency room 2x since Nov and still waiting to see Dr.
thank you for voting in new VAS. He'll work hard 2 help vets get proper & swift medical treatment they so deservingly need
keep up the great work!
Thank you, Senator.
100-0?  More politicians lying.
saw u on tv- TY Senator for your service
thank you for getting this vote correct, for your other votes time will tell, and it is looking bad already.
Thank you! 
how about a statement on Flynns violation of the Logan Act
Good for  American Vets! Maybe Canada will lean from its neighbor!
Both parties.. Please recongize. I still dont agree with Session or Dept of Education or DHHS
Good Luck getting the VA straightened out.  #BigGovSucks
thank you
you do as you are told by those who control you, you don't listen to your constituents so don't try us on Twitter 29206
May he bring long needed changes and may your shepherd them thru Congress.  Our vets deserve this
Great look forward to him making my VA better for all of us.
100-0 vote....why did it take 3 weeks!!! Unacceptable pace of government!!!
@BeladonnaRogers thank you Senator.
