Better tell that to Trump.  Don't think he's big on that unity idea.
Kinda hard when half the country, like you, won't give him a chance.  Not even president yet
No, legislators blocked his ridiculous liberal policies.citizens didn't march in the streets crying in fear like you pussies.
Tim We néed Media Not Push these agendas. @repjohnlewis Confirmed Respected worked Along with All Parties
At that time. When you have people come out of no where see a OP. they jump and it's negative
Being she is black makes for good tention media. Sic. Reality. Media pushes this also
I would be proud of that moment and for the rest of my Life Greater thing I Help Break Bigotry
I help Bring People together I marched when we wasn't to.I worked with White people who lives
Na families where in danger . I was with #MLK  I walked that walk. SO YES #johnlewis DID alot
He also helped alot he put his life on the line. He saved white folks as they saved him.
So that johns racist bs Foolish. He is the last Standing of That Team. Young lady needs to
f u
good luck with that All Don the con has preached is hate and devision
Hypocrite!
where is Lewis coming from ? What purpose does his comment serve. ? Is he a hater or maybe he should resign
.@foxandfriends 
@SenatorTimScott Thks4 Unity. With all due respect I disagree,
@repjohnlewis is mixedUp behaving as a divider/racist. Sad!
That's too much unity for someone who spent so much time trying to delegitimize President Obama. @realDonaldTrump should beg for forgiveness
But, if I acted admirably 40 years ago and now act Un-American, it pretty much cancels out the good.
Tell that to Trump.
then impeach Trump
Senator Scott, I must respectfully disagree. What he is saying about our President elect is lowdown dirty!
Thank you sir. We need more rhetoric like this. The American people I believe want unity. Thanks for service
totally agree on both. Both sides need to stop divisiveness and start inclusiveness.
This wasn't the song #republicans were singing in 2008 & 2012. Just ask @MitchMcConell. R U suggesting #Democrats simply forgive and forget?
well the Cons can say they acted that way since Dems treated Bush that way
see how this tit for Tat goes? All the while the country suffers.
I don't remember #dems engaging in 1\10th the #obstruction that #gop has engaged in during the #Obama administration. #Serious #NotSarcasm
of course you wouldn't remember..cause it's always party loyalty for you
#NotSoMuch. I'm a HUGE #Berner. I engage with what's right. I happen to be quicker to hang what's wrong around the necks of those at fault.
except anyone in the Democrat party..tow that line son
Heroism 50 years ago does NOT translate into heroism today. He needs to get over the racism and hatred
John Lewis WAS a hero.  Now he's a corrupt, racist liar.
- John Lewis marched on Selma 50 yrs ago..... and since then he has done what?
Pure Class! Thank you @SenatorTimScott !
Don't lecture us about "unity," Senator. Dead end.  @foxandfriends
Then stand with John Lewis and real Americans and do not follow blindly the President.  Question him, as you did Obama.
- THANK You, Senator Scott. For your frank, honest & very appropriate choice of words. 
where was this sentiment during Obama administration. Listening.........?
Let every man throw down his crown.  Jesus led us to the Victory, and only He will bring us to the finish line via Trump.
Lewis doesn't want unity. It's the division that continues to keep him in power. Lewis was a hero.
great message, my senator.
Dems can be divisive or get things done. They can't do both.
Yes, agreed, but John Lewis should apologize for causing division.  Unity is a two-way street.
Unity would begin with a leader who doesn't attack all who criticize him. Better for him to lead the unity.
We have to learn to work together even though we don't agree with each other on issues.
Trump degraded Lewis' work & made a racist lie about his district. You pathetically call it "criticism". No shame
always unity never division.
Tell Lewis to stop his demography and he won't hear from Trumps Twitter account. If not he earned it.
@RtOnPrinciple @foxandfriends Up in here!
Thank you! True leadership, finally!
agree Tim but saying a winner of a free election is illegitimate is more than dangerous
n Nice try but no. Instead of feuding w/ anyone who criticizes,  you should instead tell Trump 2 start acting Presidential.
RIGHT! Wrong!
@YMcglaun @foxandfriends please can someone post a list of Lewis's accomplishments.
@amysuds @foxandfriends. Scarry trump being President he behaves like a child . making fun of disabled people is sickening
Read this Evan, you might learn something. @Evan_McMullin
Evan is incapable of learning, only wants to prop himself at the expense of country
#adultintheroom
You've earned my respect.  Support both sides, try to heal not divide the country.  Thank you
- completely agree with your summation of this flap between @JohnLewisREP and Trump.  The whole thing is ridiculous.
If he worked with the Russians for espionage and collusion then that is NOT legitimate! It's treason!
Well said. Let's stop the whining, bickering, back stabbing and unite to make a stronger America for all.
Trump lost the popular vote & only won the presidency thanks to Russian interference. Where is your outrage? #russiagate
the president-elect is the one causing the rift and that's all u have to say?
He is NOT the legitimate president. If I steal your car, am I now it's legitimate owner?
much respect to you but did you say the same thing when people questioned the legitimacy of Pres. Obama?
I hope you are sharing this message with @realDonaldTrump
The diatribe just needs to stop. Mr. Trump's thin skin should thicken up or he will fail on many fronts.
watched it and . . . You nailed it, sir!  Future #POTUS stuff right there.
Can you be president?  While I may not agree with you all the time, you're reasonable.  Can live with that.
Thank You!  The overall picture is worth more then the egos at stake
@KathyDeGreef1 @foxandfriends Time for Lewis to retire. He made a lot of $$ while keeping Blacks down.
It's another example of trump's total lack of ability to communicate in a civil or diplomatic way. Sigh
Senator....   why do you hate America?
Agreed Brother MLK would have shaken your hand, You represent his true spirit
WAS a hero. Has become bitter and corrupt in his old age
Truly. Cong J Lewis a hero.  But he must not weaken our nation with his personal grief.  Trump legit.
Yes..we need unity..thank you Tim..I'm glad I voted for you!!
what's your plan for the American healthcare system now that you've voted to cut the one currently keeping people alive?
John Lewis was beaten by Democrat racists. That does not excuse his nasty behavior & lies for past 50 years.
Sen. Scott, excellent message that calms rather than intensifies tensions.
Just Words with no meaning !!
loved your interview.  Good lesson about critics.  What they say says more about who they are and how you respond speaks 2u
You're a class act, Senator.
Yes.  This is what America needs to hear.  This is real leadership.  Too bad Lewis doesn't get it.
unless Trump divests and starts working for all ppl then he is illegitimate; he ran on a platform of hate
sorry Sen Scottyour wrong, John Lewis is a hater
Thank you for saying that Senator but sad that a once civil rights leader now wishes to cause separation.
"Deplorable" in your tag invokes divisiveness. The election is over.
. The divisiveness is on #Left. Change your egg to something.
desire for unity might ring true if Trump had not spent past 6 years questioning Obama's legitimacy.

A voice of reason and unity! Thank Senator Scott!
ummm tim ROTFLMAO
Seriously, what is wrong with you? Have you no integrity or honor? #TrumpTreason
- Someone needs to tell that unify part to Trump. #notmypresident
Yes he is. Glad not all are blind
@realDonaldTrump Trump/Russia ties need to be investigated.Trump needs to release his taxes!
Lewis & Dems started this legit ? Same way they insinuated W was illegitimate that's their MO when they lose
With respect to you, how is Lewis a hero?  He is no hero. He's a fraud.
Trump likely colluded w/Russia to win the election. That's treason. We need the GOP to be patriots & investigate. Do it.
you are a future force to be reckoned with... mark my words
You're 100% correct,Trump is legit, left is acting crazy, can't handle the FACT they lost, sad. GO TRUMP
let us hope John Lewis does not remain a fake news victim, we need brave people
though if Trump is illicit then so is Lewis & every elected Sen and Rep that We the People did duly elect
trump is a very dangerous man. you need to do more for the people you represent and less for the party
We need 2 focus on #MAGA. Every ounce of our strength needs 2go2 that effort.  The rest is the enemy.
Amen.
Trump is NOT legitimate.  WHY advocate for unity under an ignorant, racist misogynist? Never #NotMyPresident
what John Lewis done for us lately..created unnecessary  discord..glad you are my senator
@noprezzie2012 @foxandfriends Love you, Senator Scott. You are a # hero.
ha, pretty sure @MitchMcConell invented divisiveness but sure
Excellent interview! Great common sense and wisdom coming from you Senator.
America owes deep debt to Lewis one we cannot fully repay. Does not mean his words go unchallenged.
a legitimate president is not aided by our enemies to the highest position in the land.
I feel better about our future knowing @SenatorTimScott is a leader in Washington
god bless you Senator Scott. Proud you are my Senator.
The  USA has never been United
Saw Thank U for not being bullied by the left & that's what it is.They are only tolerant when everyone agrees with them
Unfortunately, many hide behind the Civil Rights banner to advance their faux cause for race-baiting; Lewis has lied various times before.
It was Hillarys deeds and words that tanked her candidacy, not #Russia. #Deplorables  #Server #predators
@AnjiUsa @foxandfriends Thank you Senator Scott! Grateful South Carolinian 
Please run for POTUS in 2024 so you can beat the Booker/Warren ticket!
When their is interference, there is doubt. This ELECTION was NOT free & FAIR. Not legitimate!
@realDonaldTrump has been reaching out to us. @repjohnlewis is not uniting by calling him illegitimate.
didn't trump call Obama illegitimate?
U @SenatorTimScott @foxandfriends can keep telling yourself & us that but the world will/has made up their own mind based on divisive #Trump
When you get called out Tim, you do a better job. That doesn't apply to John Lewis? Shame Double Standard?
Tim...You want civil rights for everyone. The other side picks favorites!
True...but PEOTUS  fans the fires of disunity almost daily.
I'm a black man who has been wrongfully jailed only for being black but that doesn't make me a hero.
I can not & will not view @repjohnlewis as anything but a Political Hack
When the Birthers questioned Barrack Obama's legitimacy, they were called racists.
they were. People who simply disagreed based on policies aren't.
both can be true. I support unity!!! #uniteAmerica andAmericans
@twright55 @foxandfriends  THANK YOU Senator for being the voice of http://reason.You  are an American hero as well 
that guy is a punk who has not achieved anything good except filling his pockets while keeping blacks down.
I have not been kept down. That is a lie. Atlanta is thriving, which is his district.
the voice of reason
Thank you, @SenatorTimScott for a voice of reason amid the cacophony..
Martin Luther King was a true hero.  Mr Lewis was one of many patriots who supported MLK. All heros!
Did you call for this unity against your party racial rhetoric & obstructionism? Why now?
Well said Senator Scott.  Thank you!
That's a great idea, Senator. However, the Democrats haven't seemed to have gotten your message.
EXACTLY. Everyone needs to grow up right now. God put your eyes in the front of your head, not in the back!
Well said Senator.
Mr Trump should publicly apologise to senator Lewis NOW!
you didn't say as much to the terrible actions against president Obama. Did you senator?
- @MartinOMalley needs to start rowing in the same direction as you, @SenatorTimScott .
maybe you should tell Mr Trump this. He started the conversation. We have a right to stand up and say no
Very true, and when we are honoring Dr MLK, we all need to come together, let's #MAGA
46th President Tim Scott 2024 @foxandfriends
Great conversation.  @foxandfriends
Loved your segment. You're an Awesome & Intelligent Senator. #MAGA 

impressive interview Senator Scott, very refreshing in light of so much negativity all around. Thank you.
Oh my Senator, we NEED answers to Russia's involvement, Trump's team's involvement, and our complacency
Thank you, we should all support Trump. We hoped for the best when Obama got elected. 
Senator Scott, I'll vote for you when you run for President.
actually big party players wanted him to fail. It's politics.
Tell ur President that! #NotMyPresident
Lewis has now greatly tarnished his legacy for good.
Tim, thank you! There has to be forgiveness and unity to make our Democracy work! Pray for that to be! Amen?
Thank you for your continued unwavering support for the American people and South Carolina
#MySenator 
#MAGA
then be courageous,call out @TheRevAl
thank you for your continued service! You are so very liked around this great country!
thanks for the interview
How can you call him legitimate when his campaign was predicated on lies including connection to Russia?
Not a hero, a sullen lost man from the sixties. I was there. Is what he hated.
he's a hero to those who believe in civil rights for all Americans.
UK is very anti-trump but his sharp comments give him huge media coverage.
awesome interview!
