what provides the best opportunity for the future? A solvent and successful public ed. Change ur vote! Oppose DeVos
mrs Devos will be GREAT because she puts the children first not the teachers- I am a teacher - FIX THE SCHOOLS
so glad you don't teach my kids!
r u ok man?  U seem very upset
absolutely just laughing at your tweets!
r u ok out there
you sold out the kids of public schools for a campaign donation.
not true. Do u have a background in this or just spouting the dem party line?
Novel idea.  Looking forward to learning more.  Another good idea…do what’s right, vote no on DeVos!
The #IIOA provides a bridge to a better future - https://www.scott.senate.gov/press-release/senator-scott-introduces-bipartisan-investing-opportunity-act … 
DEVOS puts students first - data shows same old stuff is not preparing our children- vote yes on Debos
WOW!!! Senator I am blown away by the quality of your research and passionate and personal commitment.  MOVING SPEECH 
Nice speech Senator!!
thank u Senator
proud u r my Senator
1/Exactly! This is a direct assault on due process in this country! If someone can just crawl out of nowhere after DECADES and destroy your life and the life of your family with BS, then due process is dead in America! We might as well go back to old fashioned lynching!


Wonder how many of your state people feel they got the equivalent of a used car salesman in a senate seat.  It's looking like you might want to freshen up your resume and prepare to look for work.  What does your orange buddy say.. couldn't be a dog catcher.
Stop the Maddness
Mr Scott after watching you on CNN tonight How are you proposing to make this bill deficit neutral? Cuts in Medicare ?
2/Roy Moore is the victim of a witch hunt. Everything about this stinks! If this is allowed to happen then NO ONE is safe! I STAND WITH ROY MOORE—So should you!
1/ Off topic: Sen. Scott, due process is under assault in this country. If someone can pop up after DECADES with accusations that could destroy a man’s life and the lives of his family, then due process is dead in America and we might as well go back to old fashioned lynching!
First, let me applaud you for the sensational sweater vest!  I agree with you that the peasants need to stop whining and get with the FANCY program.  It's in everyone's best interest.  #fancyboydonnie
Why don’t you talk about that deductions the plan takes away and screws the middle class!  No property sales tax Deduction!  You are deceiving  people
He won't... instead he's gonna say it's a bill people can be proud of...without saying witch people,witch class!!! Plus he's real good at cutting off Bernie crosstalk over Bernie when losing the argument ( all the time). He really suck at explaining and good at confusing it all!
This is flat out incorrect. CBO has made that clear. YOU, Tim Scott, will got a HUGE tax break. Nothing like giving yourself a big raise and the backs of the 99%.
TIM IS RIGHT ON
You said we will have more money due to tax cuts.  We need wage increases to keep up with the economy, not for you to remove SALT.
You should be ashamed of yourself, using your mom as, a prime example to never retire with this tax plan.  Pitiful!
NEW: Tax revenues as % of GDP
Denmark 46%
France 45%
Sweden 44%
Italy 43%
Norway 38%
Germany 38%
Iceland 36%
Spain 34%
UK 33%
NZ 32%
Canada 32%

US 26%

http://oecd.org/newsroom/socia …
If you cut 25 billion from medicare you will harm all the seniors in SC.  Why, so the rich can get richer?
Stop the Maddness!!!

Tim Scott says he wants hardworking, everyday Americans to get ahead. So I hope he will vote against the disastrous GOP tax bill. #TaxDebate 
This brother is out of his league.   Come on Tom!
Explain your IGNORANCE! why do we need tax cuts when the unemployment rate is at 4%, lowest in the last 30 years, federal deficit at 20 trillion. cutting taxes means less money to pay the deficit, do the math, if the USA spends more money than it makes.screw the people and future
Now how many folks in SC fall into this category? Stop the Maddness!!!
Archbishop of Canterbury baffled by Christians who back Trump
This man is all talk; his allegiance is to the 1% would rule this country. The most despicable of all South Carolina politicians.
tell entire truth. What are all the benefits the rich will get?
You need to ask yourself why @realDonaldTrump has responded so viciously to what @Lavarbigballer & other minorities have said to insult him but totally ignored the most vicious attack that was made on him, by @Eminem.Hint: Eminem is white. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1TPjASEUOQ … #RacistInChief
Your persecution has started an new group of compassionate people to follow your message.
I have no sympathy when an illegal stole my ID & almost ripped me from my family innocently for tax evasion
Tax evasion would be something only you could do. It has zero to do with anyone illegal.
Are you high?! I was talking about an illegal stealing my Identity to work & if taxes aren’t payed for that income I get into trouble without knowing it! So it does! #UrStupid #GetABrain
Hey you clown -- explain this word salad:
I used to admire and respect you, watching you now on CNN, now I realize you don’t have the guts to tell the truth just like your leader Trump, shame on you! 
Leave mandates alone or legislate to remove mandates to have car insurance. Our cars are more important than our bodies to The GOP. All they care about is protecting INS CEOs MILLIONAIRES who will benefit again from this TAX CREDIT 4 THE RICH. SHAME ON YOU GOP SENATORS. VOTE NO!!
Please, sir, reach across the aisle, find some Senators you can talk to, and rid us of our national nightmare.  Please.
Vote NO to this tax bill!!!
You so totally scare me! 
@GOP Gropers, Offensive, Pedophiles, does this represent you?
Tricky math & lies? Is this really you?
facts vs alt


Better future? Not as long as Trump that racist POS is in WH.
Disgusted you have been sold out

Please do not support any anti gun bill. Rumor has you supporting Feinstein’s bill. As a supporter of yours, I ask you again not to support any anti gun legislation. Simply put, you will lose my vote and many many more if you support any anti gun legislation/ bill.
* SENATOR WE APPRECIATE YOU KEEPING IN MIND OUR "MIDDLE...CLASS" WHO ARE THE (BACK...BONE...OF...OUR ECONOMY), AND MUST ALWAYS REMEMBER OUR INDIGENT.....POOR  MEMBERS IN OUR SOCIETY! YOU MUST ALSO ENCOURAGE YOUR COLLEAGUES TO HAVE THE SAME MENTALITY ABOUT DOING WHAT'S IS RIGHT!
Great on Fox with Mike Wallace tonight!  You are a great leader within the GOP.  Am proud to hail from SC...
Senator Scott I lost a lot of respect for you today. This country is built on Law and innocent until proven guilty as one of them. Stop pandering and start believing in our constitution or find another line of work.

When this all blows over you'll be the one that people remember

You are a hypocrite Senator Scott


Call your Senators. Tell them to vote NO on the Senate GOP tax plan. 

Here's why: It's a massive tax cut for the wealthy and big corporations, paid for by cutting healthcare for millions, and raising taxes on students and…

The middle class is going to get squeezed by GOP tax cuts. Trump, on the other hand, stands to benefit greatly. https://www.needtoimpeach.com/  
NSA is applying heat to both my temples, I am terminally ill. My family just bought 100 miles of rail in YOUR state.
Are you being blackmailed or bribed?
Why did i read that you are working with Democrat Diane Feinstein  on Gun control which takes away rights!!!

The Vast Majority Of House Republicans Voted Yes On The Tax Bill That Rewards The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Will Remember That At Election Time. Senators: Planning On Doing The Same? We'll Remember That Too...
…

What amazes me is how these Republicans in Washington continue to lie about who’s going to benefit from their tax bill – even when their own Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation show that the major beneficiaries will be big corporations and the rich.
Are you promoting gun control?
Changing a 30 year mortgage Contract by capping  property deducts is wrong and my family losses big
@SenatorTimScott, I just called to tell them to vote no, and they hung up on me. Yeah good way to represent South Carolina. @cnnbrk @nytimes @ananavarro @NBCNews @cnnireport @FoxNews
Senator Tim Scott just voted against preserving health insurance for the disabled. He voted against the following.
Wow where did you come from
I like the idea of #IIOA, but democracies typically fail to recognize what makes these policies successful. Look at the failure of NYstartup. The key is infrastructure. Ask #Dubai. Nobody will invest without it.
Thank you sir.
U need to be ashamed for riding the fence on Roy Moore! What if these were your children? The man can’t even deny that he dated teenage girls! U r as shameful as he is!
#UncleTim, thank you for destroying graduate education in America as we know it. 
I wish you would take a stand on your “principles” and unendorse Moore. Would you demand the same if a democratic candidate had done it?
Hi Tim, why can't the Senate get anything done?
Unrelated tweet. Why was the USC’s Women’s Basketball Champions never invited to the WH?
Your no better than the rest.
#iioa what a great idea! You are consistently performing service to this great nation, keep up the great work Sen Tim
I want to know what do you call "middle class" and how will you pay for the tax cuts? Taxes pay your salary will you take a cut in salary.
Your efforts would be better served.."Trillions" investing in people with an increase in wages, more benefits for a better quality of life
"they are holding Trillions" because of high taxes?  are you saying they are afraid of making money, because they have to pay taxes?
Nice to see you on TV, but how can you support Trump? he is Killing our country.
Respectfully, I found your remarks on CBS This Morning to be pure BULLSHIT !! I don't believe for a second that all GOP is focused on people
#theoppositionwithjohnkleppersavetheworld
You're a horrible man who wants people to die when they get sick or shot with guns.
You voted to overturn the CFB rule allowing consumers to sue banks. You always brag about your votes. Not this one huh? Disgusting!
You are a great American! Keep up the good fight.
Tell the truth Senator!   Only 2.5% of our country's population account for over 50% of all murders and 40% of all violent crime.
Apologize to all the police for your lies Senator.
We need an immediate Benghazi type investigation into the deaths of the four Green Berets in Niger!! NOW!!!
No off shore drilling
Sounds good but without healthcare and with tax cuts for the rich you a just throwing a bone while 1% eat steak.
Senator Scott, your idea is brilliant! I have over 12k followers on Linked-in. I just shared your concept.
why do you always look like you are doing an infomercial?
Who are the Republican equivalents of Goldwater and Hugh Scott, who went to the Oval Office and told Richard Nixon he had to resign? NO ONE?
Would it be possible to find someone like you in Quebec, Canada?
Would you please, Mr. Scott, pay attention to the issue exposed below? many thanks!
I can't even watch the whole video. Just so out of touch. No idea of what you are talking about?!?!
Are you REAALLY this IGNORANT?
I assumed you were college educated but now I'm not so sure.
Looked at your Voting history. All Party befor Country @GOP The people can't trust you! 
Did u vote to hide a Trumps Taxes too?
Why does this sound like a Ponzi scheme.
You're Pathetic. Everyone knows this tax plan is to benefit the rich. Not the Middle Class working families. Yet. There you are. Get REAL.
If you feel so strong about tax reform. Why don't you start with Your own state. Eliminate state and property dude. #Hypocrisy
Shame on you for scamming your constituents. Trickle down does not work, it creates billionaires and poor people.
What the bloody hell is this....
"I like to put it very simply: We want to help you #KeepYoMoney." – @SenatorTimScott #TaxReform 
Congress must act by Sept 30th, health center funding will drop by 70%. It's time for Congress to take action to#FixtheCliff & #ValueCHCs.
Experts say Kimmel right, Graham & Cassidy wrong http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/20/jimmy-kimmel-bill-cassidy-obamacare-repeal-242932 …
So TAITWH was listening.... Strike 1...
