.@SenatorTimScott voting for war endangers lives, Senator. Are you willing to hold your colleagues accountable for the last 15 years? Or 50?
how do you feel about a presidential candidate's collusion with a foreign country to hack in to American servers?
that's some @CNN stuff right there. Wait until you have the facts. You only look stupid when your wrong.
oh, I'd sure hate to be wrong in public. Also, you're*
send complaints to SwiftKey, I don't correct auto correct. Especially Twitter drivel.
I'm not complaining, it made me giggle.

this is disgusting
I'll go out on a limb & call the "transitioning" in prison as bullshit. Chelsea will be Bradley again
@jimdwrench: Seems @BarackObama has his priorities set; anti-Americans first!
Some things never change
@KIR_bigg50    What @FBI did for HRC, I agree. So they have to let Manning out by that precedent.
You are about to approve a General for a cabinet position that did the same thing.
@rac80 Manning's leaks were the catalyst that ignited the Arab Spring. Countless lives lost, entire nations in turmoil.
@gardenofthegods Unacceptable & very hypocritical of our outgoing president who condemned WikiLeaks just 5 seconds ago.
then I fully expect you will hold Donald Trump accountable
this is also unacceptable ..
Any comment on his commutation of Rivera?
Manning should have been hung until dead.  The question is how much more damage can B done in 3 days?
Do you feel the same about the Trump/Putin/Russian connections? Do you trust DJT with National Security secrets?
Yes, must be punished. But it's kinda silly when you punish a weasel after putting him in charge of guarding the eggs.
Senator Scott is correct about this.
yeah! Including Petraeus he should be in JAIL
@KIR_bigg50 the way you elected officials run things, you've got some set, worrying about this.
Still cannot understand his reasoning behind this!
Silly! Don't you know for liberals gender dysphoria is a get out of jail free card?
@carolinagirl63  the guy in Russia needs to be pardoned. He exposed what Americans should know about privacy
#Manning is a national hero. He leaked #USA #WARCRIMES against civilians /journalists. No American "died", no "ntl secrets"
@carolinagirl63  I don't know what all came out, but the video of gunners playing video games with civs need to be seen
Every Treasonous or Murdering Bastard he releases should be SHOT on site!
Worse, he pardoned the unrepentant Oscar Lopez Rivera, he only killed 4 people. WTH!
please take action with the congress after Trump is sworn in to reverse Obama's decision in Pvt Manning. He is a traitor.
The same way the Bush administration was jailed for taking us into war in Iraq on what they knew were false pretenses?!
what lives were endangered bruh?
Arizona thanks you Senator.
you're a Republican right?
- TRUE - pardon Rod Blagojevich !
What about David Patreaus and others?
Forest Gump said it best, "Stupid is as stupid does".  A new dawn is coming, thank goodness!
have you read the background? Nobody was ever prosecuted to this harsh an extent. It's draconian.
Wikileaks said it was largest set of confidential documents ever released into the public domain. Obama pardons. Mic drop.
I think you forgot that he "transitioned" so it's cool now.
Clemency, Manning still admitted guilt. There were charges not included or dropped reinstate them, new trial on new charges
Mean while security forces around the world are warning about sharing info with the new admin.
Not as much as sending our troops to Iraq did, Senator.
Thanks for remembering our veterans & ttheir families.  If anyone believes freeing traitors visit Arlington Cemetery first.
From what I've seen, it mostly just embarrassed powerful people. That's where he messed up.
Lives were lost.
Cheaper than the taxpayer funded sex change operation that was probably going to take place
No wonder HRC was not a problem! Obama will do anything to hurt this country! And he has no plans to go away! Staying in DC
As an ex-marine 63/67 I agree 110%.  We must make POTUS PAY BY HIS LEGACY.
He is personally as low as Manning. BENGAZI!!
Release Pollack.
but yet @HillaryClinton is free????
right on Senator!
It's over. Move on.
well then, is Snowden coming home too?
I understand. But we really need to focus on the magnitude of podesta emails and not sweat the small stuff. Right!
hope he gets tried for treason after he's out of office. He's done stuff to intentionally hurt us
Will you say that to @realDonaldTrump when the truth about Russia is finally revealed?
you have no business being a representative of the American people. You sir are infact a traitor.
why? Because he's a black conservative?
no because the war crimes committed in our name and the name of our children should never be deemed secret
Do you feel the same way abt. Snowden? Assange? Trump?  If so, great.  If not, check your #hypocrisy
NO proof just rumors is very different than a conviction in court.  Trump is innocent until proven guilty
Aren't you sitting in a hearing? Paying attention?
whats unacceptable is you ok with wikileaks and russia and worried about her. Hypocrite.
Obviously nothing anyone can do about this
I agree but then again they let Hillary off.....for now!
