They're really playing musical offices around there lately, enjoy your new digs.
I thought something was gonna jump from the sheet, LOL
you can run but you can't hide. #DoYourJob
Enjoy your new space Senator!
@blackrepublican moving to a new office to do what Senator?? You are going to vote the way they want you to..
great!! Hopefully a bigger one so that your SC Realtors can all fit in! Looking forward to seeing you in May!
I voted for you. But @BetsyDeVos bought you. Sadly, she matters more.
Now how else did you think he was going to earn that new office? This is just the icing.
Maybe that's your view of life, not true of Tim Scott.  You with 26 followers.
So, the amount of followers negates my comment?
Welcome to Populism 2017, Doc! Reason, logic, common sense and facts take a backseat.
gmailcom
gmailcom
MOving offices is what you tweet about? GIMME a break.
I'm glad to see a Senator work...and thank you for your work in the Senate.
Always a steady stream of fake supporters. Just look for the egg. The @realDonaldTrump way! Fake supporters posting.
Yeah, you and your 12 supporters!!!
seriously this is your priority?
psst. Sometimes Senators have to move offices. Doesn't mean he's neglecting his constituents. Lighten up.
I lived in SC all of my life until about 10 years ago. So proud of Mr. Scott!
Hahaha I got dizzy, you are going so fast!
I've been there one time. Would love to visit with you some day. God bless!
God Speed Senator Scott! Stay Strong, a lot of us in NC also support you! you are a voice for reason for us
good luck! Wish you were my Senator!
And drug companies help pay for it!
#thehousebetsybuilt #boughtbybetsy #49200
- Senator it looks like you need our help, Lol. Los Amigos Cleaning Service.
wish you were my Senator!!
you think maybe there are a few more important things to focus on?
good for you - moving 9n up - thanks for your hard work. MAGA
Those Senate digs are sure not like the ones on TV. #disappointing
Enjoy while you can
Don't stop there.  Keep going before you cripple this country.
Be sure you give us finished pic of your new office.....
$49,200
$49200 should be for some nice furnishings. #devos
Congrats!
We may be saying that about you in 2018. Hope you step up & do the right thing on nonpartisan issues which is basically all
So grateful you are a SC Senator. Proud of your stand on issues facing our state and our country.  for you. Perseverance.
Sen Scott I think that slogan needs to be adopted by the Dems, they need a "reset" button- they are acting like their logo.
I'm sorry you didn't get respect from peers then they should not be there. Work together for Americans
education Education
I really think Our President could use you in a higher power to work racial issues we need to heal Educate
we love you!!! XO
Just read other replies.  Heck. I'm a Democrat most of the time although I vote for you. A fun video no matter what.
I just read your speech about your support for Sessions it's sad your not treated with respect I'
Very cool video...
Is this the payoff for toeing the 45 line?
that's what we are gonna say in 2018!
have room for me? I would drop everything in heartbeat!!
I have MS & can't get my $6000 per mo. MS drug via my insurance. How do you sleep knowing you get money from Drug Co.'s??
yay!! Exciting!!
perhaps someday to The White House?
Agreed. But no one should call him names--much less racist names. We strongly oppose that. Disappointing.
Sooo proud of ur courage# Thanks#don't give up
Spiffy and well deserved.
Not on this subject, but keep up the good work Sir. Disregard all that "other" bull crap. Thank you.
I am anxious to see how Democrats turn this tweet into racist attack on you Sir. Stay strong
 You crack me up. Take some pills for that anxiety you have. @SenatorTimScott
don't hold back, let your racism fly. I know you are capable
Wow you move fast
Eventually 1400 Pennsylvania Avenue!!
Not 1600?
Yeah, should be 1600!  My typo.
Hope you get a nice one !!
