lets hope your trust in him is well founded.
ben carson, a highly skilled neurosurgeon, was relegated to HUD. what an embarrassment. No BALLS!
agree. I thank him for his service, big job ahead.
Thanks!
your interaction with Carson during his confirmation hearing was great. Wish there were more of those!
@GrahamBlog will never work with @POTUS He is BFFs with the traitor @SenJohnMcCain (Nixon pardoned Songbird)
@SenSanders @timkaine @SenateGOP #FireSessions #ResignSessions
again... whew...you don't really find the truth do you
Oh Scottie, you are clueless! I can give fresh perspective on brain surgery, but would you want me holding that scalpel?
Some but definitely liberal or Democrats
Another disappointing and disturbing vote. Why would you vote for his inexperience?
Tizzy, you are Dizzy.
I'm sure Landlords will be happy..can double their rents...kick out all those senior citizens and low income families.
So wrong on so many levels
 Finally! Thank you. Now back to work!
@postandcourier Nicely done.  I'm sure you gave careful thought to whether that whack job qualifies for the position.
being he was a distinguished neurosurgeon & came from the projects,sure he's not a whackjob
no, he is very intelligent, and a very good man.
Fire Sessions today
Dizzy Tizzy, are you kin to Pelosi?
did he pay you too
Either you have no common sense or no backbone.
it's called no experience.
Wrong. u dems need to get over it! what experience with honesty and unity do you have? NONE!!
Ummmm, Carson, himself said he wasn't qualified for a position.
you made a mistake.  Ben Carson is unqualified to be the Secretary of HUD.
you are wrong
joke
Prove it by your words and actions
Proof positive that you will vote for ANY Republican nominee!
thanku!
great going!!! Love @SecretaryCarson #MAGA
Fresh perspective does NOT equate to relatable experience.
Dr. Carson is a good man and will do a great job!
WHAT. ARE. YOU. DOING?
#TheResistance #resist @IndivisibleCHS
TY sir for supporting a great human being.
or maybe the dog groomer
this makes me so happy! I adore @RealBenCarson !
Finally!
Agreed
Yea!!!
fresh perspective? You mean no perspective
Thank you!
YES!!!!!! It's about time,  Dr. Carson will be amazing for our country! Thank you!
@postandcourier I think the public should vote these 41 out of office
Love Tim and love Ben. Country is going in the right direction
@postandcourier and 41 idiots voted against him!!
I hope he does an excellent job in that position.
Please stop tweeting out your generic platitudes about party line votes..Ben Carson doesn't even know what HUD stands for
Thank you for your service!
thank you. Dr. Carson will do a great job.
Thank you.
The 41 Racist Democrats should be assaulted in the media.
Can we get Obama charged with treason?
Did he buy your vote? No, was just @BetsyDeVosED who did that.
Distract/divert...no one has issue with Dr. Carson..what is your position on Sessions and what looks like perjury?
Carson will certainly bring a fresh perspective of total clueless confusion and hurtful backward change to HUD.Bad vote Tim
Thank you Senator Scott!  Ben Carson is a great example of what good choices and hard work can do.
Thank you Senator Scott!
#ThursdayThoughts They saved the best for last!Congratulations Dr. Ben Carson on H.U.D Conformation. #WeThePeople #MAGA 
I hope you will pay for your poor judgement at re-election.
Should AG Sessions resign for lying under oath? #Trumprussia
Check your facts, Sessions did not lie under oath, another liberal ploy to be divisive.
Great, let an accountant take a look at your cancer then "For a fresh perspective!"
41 racist senators voted against a great man. Shame!
glad your not my senator as I would work so that you would not be re-elected.
Di "t worry, You are doing a great job, thank Senator for your service
Thank you for your vote Senator Scott.
Thank you!!
And how is that going to go since one of first things the administration did was raise the mortgage insurance rate?
Not that bright, are you?
Great choice.  Its only a matter of time before he does wonderful work that he can do.  Brilliant man.
Excited to see Dr Carson confirmed, thank you for that vote Senator Scott!
my oven is broken wheres my pool guys number  @RealBenCarson
@postandcourier You're a fraud, Tim Scott. How about a statement on how you'll pursue the truth about Russian interference?
what shortfalls??? And what metrics will you measure Dr. Carson under? This just seems like a blind yes vote...
just a party vote.
will you ask for Sessions resignation and an independent investigation?
Great! Finally get more of #POTUS cabinet Confirmed.Get remaining cabinet posts confirmed #ASAP. 
Thank you Senator.He is a good choice.A brilliant man who knows what it's like to come from humble beginnings.God bless you
thank you!
what about SESSIONS???
crickets.  Waiting for him to address it.
Thank you Sen Scott , you and Dr Ben Carson are both wonderful people 
Well,done Sen Scott.
#Good. #Finally. Please engage the "other side of the aisle" and tell the disillusioned #America is tired of wasting #money
crickets from our senator
I can appreciate fresh takes, those can be good. What makes you feel Carson is better than another w/ more relevant exp?
SHAME on you for that !!! He has no experience in house nor management
but he is from the "right" party.  Party above country.
I sure wish I could find an auto mechanic to work on my computer.....
Tim Scott. Thank you Sir.  He will do a great job for us!  #MAGA
The most unqualified  person in history... You can't rationalize it and it says a lot about your principles..
Thank you!
Well thank goodness you voted him in, since he has SO much experience as a neurosurgeon to head HUD..NOT!! Geez..
Ridiculous that you think that because he has proven that he is capable of difficult tasks. HUD  will be Easy
Thanks, Senator.
yes
Thanks now get the remaining people  in there
Do your job Repeal OBAMACARE.
Thank you and Bless you!
thank you for your service, Senator.
