Have you viewed the FBI crime statistics on race and violent crime.  Blacks are killing everyone at an alarming rate.
Wow. Please don't call yourself a Republican since you clearly don't believe in personal responsibility...
Also, I vote for the same people that you vote for.  Get over it.
Anyone who supports your views has not and will not be getting my vote regardless of party.
Does that mean that you vote for liberals?
I vote for the most conservative candidate who can win and is not a racist or bigot.
Does knowledge of FBI crime statistics make me a racist and a bigot?
No, but extrapolating those statistics to entire race of people is the very definition of racism https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/racism ….
I bet you wouldn't think antifa was bad if they were the only thing between you and torch wielding nazis
They threw piss on police officers in Boston. They condone and call for violence. Antifa Is cut from the same cloth as the shitbag KKK types
That is insanity. Besides the cops kill people all the time. How they treat cops shouldn't be your litmus test. They don't advocate genocide
I would say going crazy destroying property and rioting because, for example, a conservative speaker is on a campus is problematic.
Would you have said the same about someone protesting hitler in his early days
Umm, no.  Of course not.  And if Antifa only took on the KKK it'd be different. However they take on anyone who isn't anti-capitalist
No they don't? Did they beat up people at the DNC? They only oppose violent racist ideologies
And if you think Antifa defeated the Nazis a history book would be a smart purchase.
And you're right he should diversify his staff because maybe then your name would have been spelt correctly "Tom" 
"Tom" LucyLove should look in the mirror a little racist herself
I was referring to the misspelling of his name in a WH press release. Read some more sweetie it's good for the soul
What a foolish statement. Antifa are communist sympathizers w masks. Both groups have tormented people and societies for generations.
There's nothing redeemable about antifa
I'm only concerned about the antifa that we have on the streets today. They have no relationship to history
OK Scott answer me this: why did the prez have to promise to do what he should already have done?
I guess I'm disappointed that you had to educate 71 year old man on American history! History that he should be cognizant of!
Hey white supremacist, Hugs and kisses. 
a vote for graham cassidy undermines  principles that help the poor, middle class and minorities
You're a good man, Senator.  Thank you for having this meeting and for fighting for all people.
You are being sucked into federal Jim Crow and don't even get it! Jeezuz! Think man/ These assholes are not out for your health and safety!
Well Tim you cant do it alone, I believe this should be bipartisan.  As a minority I am proud to know where you stand.
How can you even support a president of America who doesn't know our history??!!! Are you guys even hearing yourselves? This is insanity!
Lol at studied in college  he can barely spell!!! Let alone speak in grammatically correct sentences! Whew that cracked me up!
Tim. As a SC voter I had respect for you. My respect has been lost since you have played race politics! No more support!
that man could care less!!!! he started this racist mess again.
Wait... if anti-fascism is bad...?
The "Senator" is just looking for more excuses to continue/justify his support for a racist. Trump is 71 yrs old 4 goodness sake.
71 yo POTUS, like many in GOP are hardline racist. Are you so out-of-touch to believe one meeting with a pathologic liar educates him? Tim?
Diversification for diversity's sake is bad policy too. The best person for the job should get the job...
Do you have the moral courage and integrity to publicly call for a vote NOW on the DREAM act?
The road from POTUS office is paved with flip flopping, lies, and broken promises. Best to pin your hopes on someone else.
So true. Sry @SenatorTimScott UGOT played @realDonaldTrump don't give damn abt u r any other non-white ppl. But u still support him. Sad!
Do you have any self respect? Any at all?
Did he slip up and call you "Tom" Senator?
I'm impressed by this fella. Seriously
He was used. I'm not
Amazing. Not a mention of white supremacists in a statement concern a white supremacist rally.  This is who Sen. Scott is supporting.  Shame
Scott is like a slaves who is a confederate soldier. His loyalty is based on survival and rewards for sticking to party doctrine.
Trump called him "Tom."

I'm white. Tim Scott can do what he wants.
But if he doesn't expect "Uncle Tom" for bending the knee, he's naive.
He actually call him that? Tim can't change that Jin Crow mentality of Trump's it's in him.
One thing Senator Scott CAN change is refusing to defer to him (like I think he did today)

The Snake Oil Salesman is an abuser.
I agree. This is something else.
Thank you so much Sen. Scott for "educating" our President. It must have been a bit awkward but you handled it well and helped him.
Senator Scott, a health related recommendation: DO NOT, under any circumstances, hold your breath.
You have to judge things based on what happened centuries ago? What bullshit.
Absolutely, Tom.
25% of the kids born today (African-American) are born into single parent households! This is catastrophic and sad.
Over 40 million since RVW - we need to steer people away from the left and their genocide! We need to see a revival of the family as well.
Tim - big fan and this is well said. How about we tackle abortion within the community though - 1830 black children a day! 670k a year!
"Antifa is bad" that's your response to them.. sad. Again you are placing @POTUS in the same category as white supremists, not a fair point
The reason it IS relevant today is because Antifa is an Anarchist Communist violent force And BLM chants for "dead Cops & Pigs in a blanket"
Sirry...dint want diversity In his staff...just want outstanding people...whatever color or nationality.
Thank you @SenatorTimScott for your efforts
This is ridiculous, White Supremacists have been condemned by Republicans for more than a century. You give Democrats fodder against Trump.
The ignorant White Supremacists would have done their asinine rally, it would have ended as irrelevant. But ANTIFA & BLM turned it violent!
ANTIFA/BLM are bigger & much more dangerous than the lunatic White Supremacist groups. Don't condemn them equally then you support violence
This is called political expediency and you know what it is a sign of a follower, not a leader. I thought you were better than this drivel.
I am against white supremacists, but tell me the last time they tore down a city. The stats aren't there. Ther are a total of 8,000 WS,
Disappointing what you did in this statement is approve Antifa. That is the problem with Republican party are afraid of media.
Good luck with that Tim. Talk is cheap, he's a racist, born & breed.  His Russian comrades take good care of him.
Most Americans say that ANTIFA, KKK, White Supremacist & BLM R all domestic terrorist groups. @realDonaldTrump was correct in his statements
Senator Scott @realDonaldTrump is correct. ANTIFA is a domestic terrorist group. President Obama also said it was in 2016.
"Rome wasn't built in a day" but upon a foundation of slavery the entire edifice of Roman state & society was built:
#WhiteSupremacy did not begin in this country, Itself a whitewashed term: "Subjugation of Humans" & "Human Subjugation" systemic & not: THIS
You're right, there's no comparison. Communists, like antifa, have killed a lot more people than white supremacists
Mr. Scott,  you have lost my vote.
Antifa and KKK all rode the same buses into Charlottesville.  If you think these are two different groups you're deceived and naive.  #Soros
Charlottesville Witness:  ANTIFA, BLM, KKK, Neo-Nazis Got Off the Same Bus
#Soros #PoliceStandDown #Charlottesville #StrategicTension
Uh huh.  And he just reiterated both sides were to blame. Wake up -- he used you!
Yo Tom next time you want a kick in the teeth by a old white dude just go back to SC I am sure they will oblige
U have no moral authority on which to stand either, Sen Scott. U relinquished it the day u voted for realstupidDonaldTrump.

The mainstream Democrat Party murders more blacks in 1 year thru Planned Parenthood than KKK did in a century, yet there's no comparison?
that's frickin' hilarious. Nice try.
I'm confused...because awful KKK brutalized blacks, it is OK for black-masked thugs to beat up whites they don't agree with,damage property?
This statement says Hey, the guy is a life-long bigot entrenched in racism, I can't change that in 1 convo. I'm not SuperNegro. #EpicFail
So, bottom line is that although TRYING not to be a white supremist, Trump is and you support him?
Why bad to black is the worst??? - Killing, heating, scorn ANY one with a bad reason are the same - all scum - no difference!!!
So, in other words you failed miserably to make even the slightest difference at all. Maybe you should take that as a hint?
Seriously? That is not what the President did.  Looks like you are part of the swamp now sir.
He used you. Rome wasn't built in a day, but it WAS eventually built. Trump is a racist, has been for decades & probably always will be one.
Tim,

Still glad I voted for you but you are wrong on this.   antifa and kkk need repudiation.  ISIS hasnt been around as long as kkk either
No matter how long that evil has existed If your logic of how long a group is evil stood then Nazi's should not be compared to white suprema
Saying there is no rational comparison between white supremacist and antfifa because one has been around longer is ridiculous. Evil is evil


Thanks, Tom.
A lot of bad dudes on both sides! Yesterday! After your meeting. Trump is a racist bigot. Don't waste your time talking. Enact legislation!
The problem is you did not condemn ANTIFA silence is thew same as support for attacking cops and people
You are an awesome Senator!  Thank you for your consistent work on behalf of the American people.
Oh please he's a liar and has no interest in diversity beyond a positive press clipping
Yes! Mr senator racist history shouldn't be ignored, Right? More & more of us should know our history #NeverForget
Real Q- Why do you say antifa and white sup. Differ? Hate groups antifa=black panthers. 2) centuries ? Overestimate time.
@potus ANTIFA are violent anarchists and far more dangerous than "white supremacists" who are few in number. They are terrorists.
It's mind boggling to comprehend that someone had to educate a sitting president in 2017 about racism, white supremacy and he may not get it
@potus Condemn cop killing BLM. Condemn ANTIFA as domestic terrorists. On this front, Trump is right. ANTIFA were to blame in Charlottesvile
Agree All groups who think of others as inferior are wrong and their actions can never be justified.
You are wrong antifa is know better than the kkk! they are both hate groups know matter who has been at it longer.
It goes both ways. We can go back hundred yrs or Thousand. But what I live my gen let's compare last 30 for murders against each. Sad
So they can't both be evil, senator? Or there's levels of evil that make one worse than the other?
how can you support the pres on any issue knowing that he makes racist comments and did not even know your first name
Get on board with our President! Let's condemn Atifa! How about that?
1st I heard of Sen Scott's  concern of "White Supremacy"

He's wrong the EVIL of ANTIFA not as EVIL as RACISM

Prez is right-EVIL IS EVIL
How is being anti-fascist bad? Antifa was in Charlottesville to protect protesters against Nazis.
Your confidence is misplaced, Senator. You are trusting in a man who will never admit wrongdoing to do the right thing.
"antifa is bad" actually they are the militant arm of the Democrat Party the only Party to have two militant groups in 100yrs KKK/Antifa
I'm sorry but Trump lies so much, I don't care what he commits to, it's the follow through that counts.
@SenatorTimScott - You should be ashamed of yourself. I don't know how African Americans can be Republicans. Look at their platform! Yikes!
Until compromise, is brought back into politics, you will always have division. We don't need one party rule, we need give and take by all!
here's an idea: unite against the unlawful use of force and violent rhetoric -- find common ground.
Trump has a tendency to promise in the moment and then never follow through. Good luck seeing any of what he promised.
Stop jigging, Tim.
I'm not sure Tom was very effective.
Antifa is NOT bad & SHOULD NOT be condemned. Antifa is massively diverse w/groups all based on solidarity against Fascism.
No self-respecting person of color would seek employment to advance this Administration's objectives.
Socialists/Communists have been tormenting and killing right wingers for centuries and that same socialism/communism connects to Antifa in
which is now threatening to start killing. Do the math 'cause the racist left is no saint.

Article Snip: Every single assassin of American Presidents had deep ties to nefarious hard left groups and strong left wing
socialist-progressive beliefs that fueled their anger and drove them to murder our nations leader. They did so because they
believed they held the moral high ground and had a right and a duty to kill the President.
Me: Sounds EXACTLY like the socialist/communist Antifa supporting sect of today that does the same thing with POTUS... See?
So there's your realistic comparison Mr. Scott...:
Anti fascism is not bad.U condemn it just like DJT.Anti fascist group protected black clergy from being beaten or killed in Charlottesville
We must condemn Senator Scott for saying anti fascism is bad @SenateDems
Don't hold your breath.
Trump said there were others responsible.   Indirectly you are flaming the fire by not supporting @realDonaldTrump
You believe his "commitment"? I have a bridge I could sell you...
And you approved of Jefferson Sessions and DeVos. History will not be kind.
He did not listen to you. Please stop defending and toadying.
Your call for diversity sounds a lot like affirmative action? Nothing conservative in that. More racism is never the answer. #ColorBlind
If I were Tim Scott, I'd be worried about black on black crime, self segregation on campus, intransigence against free speech, etc,,,
Yeah you're right having an honest conversation abt white supremacist in Charlottesville is pointless until we "fix" those things
Tim,Tim,Tim he will never change.

They don't really care about us... how does that knife feel in your back #RacistPresident
'Antifa is bad'?You do realise that Antifa is grammatical abbreviation of Anti Fascist? Fascist=Hitler Anti Fascist= anti Hitler. Clear now?
Why, oh why, do you keep falling for the "Trump Reinvention." He showed everyone who he is THE FIRST TIME!  #BadJoke #Trump is a Con-Artist!

So proud of you Tim Scott. Keep up the good fight.
Malcolm X------Political views

The complete collection http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8144000/1/ …
How about him returning funding to non-profit organizations that help conform white supremacists? @lifeafterhate #LifeAfterHate
After all that, he repeated his claims of on both sides. In spite of your intentions you were used as a photo op yesterday.
I wouldn't place stock in a damn thing Trump has to say.
Senator, you are in a terrible spot. Please continue to do what you can to educate our President, and keep our country's promises.
That was generous. No excuse for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump not to get it from the get go.
I don't have faith in the @POTUS to keep his word ever.  He listens  &says what you want to hear.  2 equate Antifa with Nazis is a stretch.
run for president please
Thank you Tim Scott.  At least you tried.  Stronger than me.  I could not spend more than 20 minutes with that man.  I'm allergic to racist.
both r wrong
Senator Scott, thank you for your effort.  Please tell me that you knew you were spitting in the wind with this meeting.
Senator Scott, you're foolish if you think Trump has any black person's best interest at heart.
Do better at holding your office accountable for the people it serves. Don't be complacent with promises, demand actions.
Why do we always lump our poor and minorities together in statements? Not every poor is a minority and nor every minority  poor.
In other words...meeting held...message received, NOT.  Nice try, Senator "Tom" Scott... how does it feel to be thrown under the bus?
You cannot reason with a narcissist to understand or have any REAL empathy for anyone. He cares nothing about the American people.
How about trump pick up a book and read for a change.
It is amazing that you and others are having to give a 70 year old history lessons. Where was he during history classes in HS and college?
Trump not spouting racist bs is analogous to construction of Rome? K I'm seriously underappreciated in every role of my life.
Senator, thank you for trying...keep fighting the good fight with this president.
Unfortunately no black person alive wants to work for the Trump administration

I appreciate your honor and passion Senator but evil everywhere must be denounced
BOTH white supremacist and  antifa are hate groups, domestic terrorists hiding behinds "masks" and need to be denounced and stopped
.@rolandsmartin @JoyAnnReid
@LVBurke
No @SenatorTimScott you don't get to have it both ways.
Your colleagues may.
But not you.
Take a stand.
POTUS is being unjustly demonized for rightly denouncing antifa
You are part of the problem @SenatorTimScott
POTUS has said repeatedly, since his inauguration speech that there is no room for racism in USA!!
Not enough. Who tf do you think you're dealing with
Watching Trump's evolution is almost like watching a college freshman's consciousness evolve. If only he'd done this half century ago.
You support Trump. You own his racism and bigotry.
and you believe him because why?  his office couldn't even identify you properly.
U are a joke. You only have this job because incompetent Nikki Haley wanted a diversity appointment to Senate. Get a real job.
Senator,

Trump then blamed antifa
His spokesperson denied you expressed any disagreement w/ his remarks on Cville
She lied - I demand the WH fire her immediately!!! Yeah, I'm laughing too
Antifa & BLM assaulted my wife (who is Black) & I at inauguration. White Supremacists have never bothered us. U are Affirmative Action Sen.
bull, you have a small group of malcontents who are effectively natioinalist socialists fighting another group of communist socialists.
Your Antifa friends want to have a chat with you.
Oh, he fooled you. You know that, right?
@POTUS will not agree with you unless you start not wearing your hot pink socks
Thank you sir for trying to help our president instead of just complain & obstruct him. I am sincerely impressed & appreciative!
Not sure if you can kept defending him after today comments on Charlottesville
What about this?? Anthony Bourdain, host of “Parts Unknown” on liberal CNN, said last week that he would poison Donald Trump ...no comment??
In yesterday's meeting Sen. Scott was very very clear abt what his first name is & couldn't even count on @realDonaldTrump to get that right
"Trump will sign resolution condemning white supremacists" just so u know CNN & CNN fans calls every1 voted 4 Pres Trump a white supremacist
You are a fool. http://www.npr.org/2017/09/14/551069462/president-trump-stands-by-original-charlottesville-remarks …
Well, we see how much impact this discussion had on Trump with his repetition of his "on both sides" comments on AF1 again today.
It's not acceptable to say that Antifa is bad and should be condemended. It's not that simple. Such statements benefit the Nazis.
Sen Scott- be harsher on your criticism. This will be recorded and you will be judged in the future
Sorry Sr, like those before you have realized, you've been played. After meeting with you, he was reassured of his stance on "both sides" 
Allow the status quo to persist.
Why not expect him to see the light, get religion, change his spots, etc.  This is 2017 not 1917.  It's racial incrementalists like you that
what is this and what happened to the English language?
For once the @WhiteHouse was ahead of the curve, calling the South Carolina Senator 'Tom'.
That was no mistake on their part....
You are absolutely right.
Antifa = White Supremecy. Both hate groups. If you took the SAT you would understand that.
Im a NYrkr. Neither Tim/Tom nor anyone else will change #DonTheCon #WakeUpCongress #WakeUpAmerica
And it's a shame he  doubled down on his racist rhetoric about the cause. There is no place in my White House for this. #ImpeachTrump
wake up, he's not on your side
if you knew anything about antifa, you would not have repeated that supremacisyt talking point.
antifa is not a collective ... it is an ideology with many groups and individuals under its banner.  antifa has been around since the 1920s
antifa is about antifascist and anti-supremacy. most who call themselves antifa have never committed a violent act
the clergy who held hands during charlottesville rally, are antifa,  those who supported protestors are antifa.
those who will not accept the leader of this country placating supremacists to keep birthers in his corner, are antifa.
stop using talking point to ingratiate yourself to trump, who denied the legitimacy of our first black president, for 6 years.
he did so, because he knew through supremacists, laid his fortune - the oval office.  a con man is a smooth talker.  trump is 1 of the best.
Antifa was protecting the protestors.
Its a simple thing to do...he won't. You'll end up disappointed. 
I'm white privledged, and I didn't hesitate to call it what it was, racist
Tim Scott makes me want to live in South Carolina. Class act. Model of what a politician should be.
Frankly you deserves to be exploited. You never repudiate Trump for delegitimizing Obama's citizenship. Trump hates him because he is black
His rhetoric was wrong from the beginning!
So a cop out. Good job!
"At the same time."  SMH.
