Repeal the damned thing! I want it off my back! Forever! Put everything Obama did in a garbage bag and throw it in the gutter!!!
How has the ACA negatively effected YOU... I'd love to hear YOUR story
Are you kidding? We have to pay for poor minorities who are too lazy to get a job because they want to smoke and do drugs!
You didn't really answer my question... let me rephrase. How is the ACA hurting you more than the pre ACA?
Think of all the money wasted just to make government rich! Barry O is laughing away!!!
See, sir, that's not how any of this works... I can't tell if you're a troll, or just a grumpy old man who doesn't understand government.
I'm an American. A patriot. A Christian. A conservative. A veteran. A father. A husband. A grandfather.

GET THE PICTURE?!?!?!
And your complaint about wasted money still doesn't answer my question. How is that affecting YOU?
Or better yet, repealing the unconstitutional ACA and giving power back to the free market, where it belongs
So what your issue with the ACA? Lol
My issue is with ANY healthcare program initiated by the government, ESPECIALLY one that is mandated to be used or else the IRS fines you
What I'm getting at is, insurance companies are the only reason healthcare is as expensive as it is in America.
....to work, live on the dole, and demand everything be given to them. THEY drove the cost of healthcare up.
We're the only developed nation with healthcare system like this. And we spend almost double per person for worse care.
Oh, here we go. UN statistics, right? You want us to be like socialist countries, yes? If our healthcare is so bad, why do Canadians...
Canadian don't come here for surgery. Maybe a consultation.
Is his name Tim or Tom? I’m going to go with the latter
.... but I mean... I'm not saying I agree... but I probably agree...
I think it would be disrespectful if I didn’t call him by his proper handle of Uncle Tom.
Obviously a critique I won't necessarily utter. But I mean, damn, GOP cares about old, rich, white, Christian men. That's it.
Keep paying attention to the #TrumpCult, the radical right wing, & #TrumpToadies, Tim. You will be gone in 2020!
The hard lesson for you will be that you learn just who you work for!  Even deep red SC will NOT stand for you.
The TeaParty is over TIM.  The damage has been done.  Don't worry, we'll clean up the mess. https://youtu.be/-1mAb2wXsRM  Off you go!
The Republicans certainly don't have a better law or any new plan.
They have a much better plan. The free market. They are AFRAID to say it. Like obama and radical Islam. Cowards.
Obama is not radical Islam. He fought against it, with results. Also, America is one of the only few modern democracies without single pay.
Fought against it! He couldn't even SAY it!
Haha you failed! Blindly following a man who doesn't even think you are good enough to be prez because of the color of your skin
Another SC government parasite. You learned that at Town Halls, right Timmy?
@LindseyGrahamSC #MainStreetUSA  Don't implement SinglePayer HealthCare asHRC/OBAMA planned.USA must have FairMarket HealthCare.YouCan FixIt
#MainStreetUSA. PLEASE DO NOT Implement Single/Payer HealthCare this was HRC/OBAMA plan when DEMS regained WH @KellyannePolls
Do not implement Single/Payer Health/Care plan.. YOU ALL CAN FIX IT!! ..OBAMA/HRC/ZE Broke it
I'm hoping a real conservative runs against you in the primary.  RINOs go home!
Please. This is not something better. Vote No tonight.
bipartisan approach is only acceptable long term solution for health care!!! You do not only represent republicans..
When ur a vet needing MEDICARE & u cut it ,ur letting us down after we never turned or ran & protected u while u slept,now we need ur help !
Just a GOP puppet. No independent fight in you. Still waiting for you to show that you have that back bone.
You may not work for the President but you sure don't work for the American people as you do for your party.
"An American Sickness" by Rosenthal.  You may be the only senator who understands that excessive medical costs are the problem.
Repeal and replace. No single payer health care system!
most of our current laws are new, they never been used, why not let the President enforce the laws we already have, dont you go changing it
what of make it better than wasting tax payers money and time ...be logical now .
Hmmm..isn't your job to look out for SC? Voting yes 2x to other disastrous health plans is why you've lost mine & my family's future votes.
Why don't you ATTEMPT to explain how this is better?  20% premium increase?
You voted to take healthcare away from South Carolinians while you enjoy healthcare we pay for. #SHAMEONYOU
The current law is about to implode. I say let it!
Like the free market.
Or secret option #3 simply delete the unjust law. 
Because... "An unjust law is no law at all." 
Or... you're sacrificing the lives and/or health of many people or you working to fix issues in ACA. Are you listening to us???
Better for who? The people who need it or the rich who just want tax breaks? Perhaps for people like Trumpy boy and his gang of thugs.
Senator, pls explain how your plan, which strips care from millions  and increases premiums for most others is better. For whom? Shameful.
"On 2nd thought, scratch that "replace it with something better" #WETNOODLE
Certainly did not help your position with your unfortunate TV appearance today
It has to be repealed first , so we can get ALL illegals off of it.
@LindseyGrahamSC #MainStreetUSA U.S.Congress Led By Pres.Obama destroyed USA HealthCare 2 Get http://SinglePayer.Now  RepubCONGRESS must fix
My God! How can you say that? Have you studied the facts about your plan at all?
Repeal, repeal, repeal!!!!!
I don't want a replacement. That is NOT what Republicans promised for 7 years. #FullRepeal
tRump Top Stooge always welcome on Fox Not News network...
@SenatorTimScott @POTUS
Who do u work for? SC 5th voter. U will pay for your actions. You think u ok cause u just went back in..not a lifetime election. Wake up
How in hades does one support that  bad law?
Repeal...don't replace
So, what is YOUR idea of better, Senator Scott.

Republicans are betting that voters will be too dumb to realize who stripped them of  health insurance  https://nyti.ms/2tXklsE 
How much $ you intend to take out of health care pot to help your friends the Koch Bros. and insurance cos?
Another great vote for the people of SC who do not have government paid healthcare like Tim Scott does. He delights in selling out the poor
Here's an idea Tim. When U get back to UR posh quarters glance in the mirror and ask what u have done for the SC people wo look like you.
Or if you're the GOP-you do neither of those things. You just throw 1/6 of the economy off a cliff for fun and tax cuts.
Option 3: replace it w/ something much worse, but claim it's much better, go home, pray to God, get re-elected, ignore news of people dying.
The replacement must be a universal 1-payer system, like I had in Canada, England, Switzerland & military & EVERY other wealthy nation has.
No thanks!
You had 7 years @SenatorTimScott ... where was the plan? #sad
No,or you're getting gov completely the heck out of healthcare. Repeal it all and butt out.
BS new bills will kill many Americans.
Vote to move away from the rotting carcass known as ObamaCare!
It was sold as a lie and Americans are suffering under it!
Of those 10,300,000 how many met the deductible?
You got everything right but the "better" part.
NO gov-run healthcare would be much much better than ocare. Let free enterprise raise quality & lower cost of healthcare.
#GitRDone
INS/PHARM legislate-bribe DC. WE USA tax payers bail 3 futr sanct states? Govt's goal 1 pay, Keep getting RICH. Right, @SenatorTimScott?
current law stinks and always did!!Dems should B run out of town on rails 4 this
NOPE WERE REPEALING OBAMACARE<    
Who wouldn't like Tim Scott: He knows what's up!!! He knows change is needed ASAP!!!

@MelissaAFrancis @SenatorTimScott  seems simple to us why not the evil swamp creatures
Your either getting reelected or not. Repeal now.
wrong - we should be repairing and not repealing /
...or, completely repealing it, and reworking Medicare as a separate issue, and allowing the medical industry to finally be free market
Fix it.  Not replace it.  Replacing it will cost everyone more.
Nothing about government controlled health care will EVER be BETTER. Allow private sector to compete!
US Senate - the longer you do nothing to repeal Obamacare the longer it will take for businesses to know what to do - to plan.  Get it done
Is his ass on obamacare?
Sage like take
Or something worse? Support for ACA higher for ACA than for DT, any bills being offered.
Or making it worse
GOP spent last 8 years trying to come up with "something better" & came out with DeathCare.

DeathCare will kill average/poor Rs+Ds.

Oh my!
The current law is dying. Needs to be replaced
Maybe both parties could have worked together & talked to medical groups instead of this mess. Why did Repubs avoid that?
Another phony, this one here has probably half his family receiving affordable care, wndr what he lies he'll tell.
Look at the stupid fucking people who think the costs will suddenly go away with repeal....FOOLS!!
I told them that. Warned them that Trump care will take it away. They need to hurry and get checked before it's too late.
If you repeal obamacare you do not have to replace it. We just go back to the  better heathcare we had before obummer.
Lifetime caps were better? People with pre- existing conditions not being able to afford care? ERs constantly overcrowded? Higher mortality?
Enjoyed your interview, sir. Thanks for the info.

It making it FAR worse ...
“Everybody knows what Democrats stand for, including what Hillary stood for, and nobody, except people in CA, want any of it.” -R. Limbaugh
"Exercise freaks...are the ones putting stress on the health care system." -R. Limbaugh.
Veeeeery credible source.
Statist and their laws....
Other possibility: you're undermining current law while working for something much worse.
How about fixing the existing ACA?  The framework is already there all it needs is to be fixed!  Follow McCain's advice to work together!
The dims aren't working until Osama comes back.
All your interviewers interrupt and rapid fire questions and don't allow proper replies.
GOP had 8 years to come up with something better & failed. They sabotaged the #ACA & don't care about what majority of voters want
The woman interviewing Sen Scott so rude interrupted him rapid fire questions @FoxNews make time for people to answer
You obviously are very detached
You are gonna pay for overcrowded emergency rooms anyway
Just say NO to obamacare expensive lousy insurance
repeal the damn thing. Repeal any Obama's legacy.
Yeah, because we need to get back to paying for overcrowded emergency rooms!!!
Oh someone got around to asking the little token Tim Scott something huh
Repair!!!
Law? Constitution is highest law. It bans torture. Bill Clinton George Bush & Barack Obama still await charges.
You so love that Obama
Repeal!
REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL!
Trump's great plan, mess up both. Remember his fantastic great plans he talked about during the campaign? Haven't seen them yet
Well you must be hooked on mainstream liberal media where u won't see it
ok, cos he has a plan, but he just couldn't be bothered to be involved in the actual bill? Apart from having his pen ready & calling it mean
Third option... Replacing it with something worse, which is all we have seen so far.
Seriously, Tom!
#RepealObamacare
Keep that uncle Tom shit off my TL
