both of you frauds and party line towers need to be voted out
Both of you need to get on the right side of history & quick. @POTUS is finished. Vote against #Trumpcare for SC.
.@cbdharmon you've missed the train. They are ALL on the right side of history: @potus @senatortimscott @tgowdysc
Thanks for your opinion, comrade. What're your business interests in Russia, 'patriot' girl?
Scott, be mindful of the company you keep.
Y'all's Russian house of cards is going DOWN  #Treason
If you fail to repeal ObamaCare, you betray our trust. We rely on your promise to repeal that terrible HC law.
what is wrong with the ACA? It has insured 10s of millions that did not have insurance before.
ACA dragged every man, woman & child into insurance mandates- a massive wealth redistribution scheme that wrecked worlds best HC
ensuring insurance for tens of millions more Americans was the correct thing to do. Health care is a right, not a privilege.
Two of the best in D.C.
Love both of  you guys!
Love what you guys do for all of us...sometimes wishing I was a South Carolinian and I'm a Texan!
aren't y'all fancy with ur fancy talkin machine!
Poor baby is afraid to face his constituents alone.  Needs his mommy, aka Scott.
How many were worried wealthy pay too much tax? Any? I didn't think so. Losing sleep lately but NOT about taxes!
#NunesMustResign #NunesIsCompromised #NeedSelectCommittee need indep. select cmte to properly  #Investigate
Two honest professionals. SC is lucky they are represented by such upstanding gentlemen.
Really! Not in person!
#How can we afford Trump's entire family extravagant lifestyles and personal business travel and not citizens?
The same way we did the Obama's...
Trump's is more than 10x that and includes skiing hunting etc and SS for his adult offspring!
too chicken to have a real town hall. You both work for the people. Get that straight!!
Keep up the good work..I am proud to live in SC..
Thank you Sen Scott and Trey Gowdy for your unwaivering dedication to America. Keep up the great work. God bless.
REPEAL OBAMACARE!  Don't replace it with RyanCare, kill it! The market needs to be free not saddled with regs!
Hiding from constituents. #littlemen
The two of you are the best..
stay blessed, be strong, stand for SC.  Graham has forgotten his roots.
Hello...May  I please speak to Mr. Gowdy? Yes...hello....Mr. Gowdy...where do u get your hair cut?  (j/k)
A great telephone Town Hall. No protests, much safer. I Thank You both for the additional time. Still Listening
No protest! Dictator taker ship, they control your voice! Dumb!
FYI: I have 0 confidence in @RepAdamSchiff 's impartiality. He's gone Full Joe McCarthy. CrowdStrike = BULLSCHITT
Wrong! Nunes broke rules by going to 45 who they our investigating. Wake up America
Sorry I missed! Keep me on the List!
same here from Michigan. Wish we had someone like Mr Gowdy to represent us.
I'm so glad I was able to listen in tonight. Yall are amazing and dedicated to the people you serve. Thank you.
#partyoverpeople
Ask if he will seek perjury charges against Comey! Did the FBI/CIA spy on Chairman Nunes during Trump transition?
You guys are champs. Should do a live TH on Periscope! Prep for haters tho..they come out of their caves on here.
Wish I lived in South Carolina.  You are incredible Mr. Gowdy.
check for bugs guys!
please go after leaker Nunes NOW!!!!!!!
Watch your back Congressman Scott, Graham is a liar and a true RINO!
@DevinNunes should recuse himself from Sen Intel Comm. He broke major protocol and you know it Trey
Any cooment TG, on the Ethics Complaint filed against you this week for received donations/bribes #benghazi ?
I don't expect any answers.  I see where loyalties lie
Risk pools are death panels.
Will I ever get to retire?
How long do I have to stay in a crappy oppressive no raise job just for the insurance?
2of the absolute BEST serving our country with truth,strength,bravery #4ourconstitutionlibertyfreedom
I love you too guys so glad I live in Fort Mill South Carolina
Why are we taking on healthcare and SCOTUS DURING this CRISIS?
Why can't America care for its citizens?  I thought we were the greatest and richest?
No town hall when we were attacked.  Only when seats in Jeopardy.
I registered long ago and have not yet been called. When should we expect to get on the call??????
Why so upset about leaks and not one IOTA about the Russian attack on our election????  Complicit?
Most of SC doesn't know that they don't even HAVE ACA! No Medicaid expansion. No exchanges!
step on up good ole boys..there's leaking going on..non denial=collusion..you are going down trey tripp 3
Can't take it in person?
SC very blessed to have you in their corner.
did you take money during the Benghazi investigation from a group against Hillary  Clinton?
BREAKING: Last-minute change to #TrumpCare strips tax credits from up to 7 million veterans.
Repeal obamacare and NO illegals on it . This is Crap. I'm em arrested and disgusted with Comey
I'd love to be in a court room with Trey Gowdy! I'd hate to be Hillary or Obama right now! The truth prevails!
How's about that monitoring of soooooo many people, not just President Trump via obama! !
what are you talking about? The FBI Director said that there was no monitoring. You really need to listen/read the facts.
U good for u
Let's see if any of Obama&Sorros paid terrorist show up 
Bet they r to afraid

South Carolina well represented
Need 48 more just like you two! Keep up the good work. Your constituents must be proud
Ya'll should form a Justice League
Great when in session in DC.  But not a replacement for face-to-face town hall.
Too scared???
I wish I could talk to you both.
Anything going on regarding the Awan Brothers
Fantabulous; then commence to #LockEmUp!!!
Love these guys! I'd love to be living in SC knowing they represented me, but I'm stuck in Misery/MO 
I'm stuck in Georgia  But we LOVE TREY GOWDY !!!!
Tell Mr. Gowdy, I just watched him today on Netflix on an OLD FORENSIC FILES episode!Love him & You 2 of course
1
I was on the call and got dropped.  How do I get back on
I never got a call how to I get on?!
#ObamaGate https://twitter.com/trumpsheri/status/844666216883126274 … @SenatorTimScott @TGowdySC
Who tasked @FBI 2 spy on Trump, who directed them to put innocent campaign activities into reports & who ordered unmasking of names? 

#MAGA
It was the samw oersin that ordered all that classified info be dropped to lowest clearance required
THAT WAY it was easy to disemminate throughout government!!
