Respectfully, sir, what SC needs is a senator who really cares about all from the Palmetto State. Cross the aisle and support Universal Care
I do not agree. He did great voting for repeal
It seems there presently R more inclined to agree with me on this issue. USA is only major country w/o HC for all. American Exceptionalism?
I think baby Charlie Gard would disagree and tell you how single payer is terrible. And yes America is exceptional.
U R Right! Exceptional as in: 1) Most incarcerated citizens; 2) # of folks killed by guns (police and civilian); last in health care cost...
Sir. We are a capitalist law abiding and God fearing society. If you want socialism-go to Europe.
Seriously? Do U actually believe what you wrote? As a military brat & former AF officer I've been on five continents! We can/must do better.
I absolutely believe it. And so should you.
You've had all that time to come up with a sensible plan that doesn't strip care away from people. And nothing. Nada.
No effort to actually fix the problems with ACA while attemtping to make sure as many as possible are covered.
Refusing to expand Medicade in the process as was intended to make the bill work, while hurting the people of SC in need.
All for political gain. Now you vote to proceed to debate on a bill with no text. Shameful process. Do you know whats in the bill?
Senator John McCain just admonished the Senate process after voting to proceed himself.
In the meantime the Trump admin takes money intended to help sign people up in the exchanges and uses it to run attack ads. Shameful.
Now you proceed 2 vote on the BRCA that will req 60 votes (no CBO score) and fail. The updated 15 straight repeal bill also likely to fail.
Then it will be left to debate a final bill that no one has seen or even knows if it actually exists. This isn't how democracy should work.
Premium increase, large deductibles, and lack of insurers remain a problem with both the repeal AND replace. You offer tax credits 1/?
that doesn't cover a fraction of the cost of healthcare. The 'reform' to Medicaid is budget cuts, and you're on the track to remove 2/?
protections for preexisting conditions. The republican party won something today just for the sake of winning with zero honest regard  3/?
to the people in your state, like myself. Every action is fueled by some reason, I understand that you have a reason. But please stop 4/?
lying to all of us about your motivations. Silence would be better at this point. So congrats again on winning for party and admin 5/?
and the rest of us will try to survive this blow as loudly as possible. 6/6
I love your loud mouth, @AnnieFingSteele and I love how pissed South Carolinians are at these sell outs.
Sen. Scott, please tell that tool Juan McCain that he disparaged both his and your constituents with his vote last night.
Unless your plan is better than ACA, it is a failure. If the plan you vote for takes coverage away from anyone, it is a failure.
Do you have ACA, I do, pay each month $12,600 dead for me and child.  Can't afford the doctor or RXs.  Get rid of ACA
Congress should pass a plan that would give everyone affordable, effective healthcare so that no one has to be in your unfair position.
My son & I had good coverage and then my husband died and the co. Wanted me on COBRA, couldn't afford premium or deductible.
I am sorry and wish for better times for you.
Plain and. Simple you are full of it. Pockets full of BS. #NOTIMSCOTT2018
You committed to those who voted in your party, not all of SC voters. Too bad you don't understand the ramifications of your actions.
Implications are we will vote him in again!
You probably will, but that doesn't mean the rest of SC will follow your lead.
You've got that right, @WatchYourRepsSC ! It might be an uphill battle in our red state, but I've got hiking boots and I'm ready to climb.
#watchinghowyouprotectthepeople #reelection
So how did little mccain II vote? American or anti-American interest?
The 1st thing Congress needs to do is stop exempting themselves from this health care act.Good enough for us, good enough for Congress.
Thank you
Yawn
I am unable to get insurance in SC because I don't make enough money.
Poor folk do not even understand the terminology-do you. Years you have had to serve and no good for SC. Give same assurance you enjoy.
And you sir, do not understand needs of SC.
As your constituent, I request you vote for HR676, single-payer healthcare via the Daines Amendment.
Every medical professional & the majority of Americans do NOT want this repeal. You can pretend you R keeping a promise, but we see your LIE
I'm confused though...if the doctors and patients you want to focus on are against this...then who are you actually for? #KeepKidsCovered
Koch brothers, Mercers....the rich and well connected...
Live in GA now, but I so enjoy following your career and am proud to have you represent my home state!
I don't care about your reasons. You defied and betrayed you constituents. Shame, Mr Senator. We will remember at election time.
You voted to put my wife out of job today. I hope you feel good about your statement. No replacement bill, we are left to worry.
I say repeal, and stay out, let the market do what it does with out government. If I need a doctor or not, is not the government business.
Why don't you tell the truth??? @nikkihaley screwed all the disabled and elderly in SC when she would not take the government money for Medi
I think it is terrible. You and Graham sacrificing the most vuneralbe of SC. SAD SAD SAD
Why do disabled, children, elderly South Carolinians deserve to suffer so rich can have their tax break?
that you for your stance Senator .. its good to see a politician do what he promised the voters .. #MAGA
Tim: Why don't you tell the people of SC, particularly the poor, how decimating Medicaid is beneficial to them? Good for the Koch Bros tho.
Also, you're aware that your 'alternative' to ACA has about 17% support, right? Does somebody have dirt on you?
And did your reading of the bill tell you it would do those things? Oh that's right...only the Chosen Elites are allowed to actually see it.
Better put some neosporin on that burn! 
Thank you. You are greatly appreciated!!!
And no shame as you pretend these premium increases couldn't have been avoided through leadership. You care more about politics than people.
You should look forward to discussing it with your constituents. Hold a town hall in Greenville and hire someone to answer your phone there!
How are you addressing premium increases if you're covering preexisting conditions while striking down the mandate?
No bill will lower deductibles nor premiums until the problem of medical cost gets identified as the problem and the focus is on that.
Better? That word doesn't mean what you think it means. Stealing healthcare from 16-32M people =/= better in any world ever.
https://youtu.be/g_a7dQXilCo?list=FL2LDhtpedG3wYgQoGPdh4pw …
Remove the advertising of drugs, that would save ALL consumers! The billions of dollars these companies are spending on marketing is crazy!
Thank you for continuing to support what you campaigned on.
Hypocrite.
Please don't vote for lifetime caps and don't cut Medicaid funding. Also support the Durbin amendment to NDAA medical research funding.
He didn't follow my wishes on health care for Americans, as I repeatedly told his staff
Gutting Medicaid is NOT the answer
AMEN!!!
Tax credits don't work for the truly poor or those that can't itemize
And in seven years, you've done nothing but move your lips! Where is the plan, oh committed one?!? #purenonesense
Your second vote violated your own statement.
Are you still going to agree to charge us retirees up to 5x's what young people pay? Wrong!! BCBS is awful - it's all about the money.
Please work to get gov. Out of our health care. Gov. Is not the solution
Despite political rhetoric, I know that you know that the ACA has been a Godsend to many Americans. Why is repeal SO important?
This is about high quality, truly affordable to all healthcare, not beating out the other team! When partisan politics wins, America loses.
You are dismantaling an insurance system people count on, not fixing it. People over party!
your vote was partisan and will hurt many of your constituents.  Repairing the ACA in a bi-partisan fashion is the right thing to do
Does"taking a step forward" mean that you will vote for the current senate bill instead of pushing for a real and full repeal?
I can't wait to vote for anyone running against you ... we have long memories Mr Scott
#SinglePayer is the only way forward
Jacking up our premiums, eliminating EHBs, throwing away Pre-X coverage is neither a patient nor doctor focused system. #SaveACA #NoRepeal
While counting the monetary rewards for your actions today, place 30 pieces of silver to the tally line.  I assure you I'm good for it.
Why haven't republicans come up with a better health care system than the ACA in the past seven years in trying to repeal and replace theACA
Total repeal is what I want.  Government run health care is why I lost my dad a year ago.
Why read!  You always vote with the party not what we people in SC want!!  Can you say "yes man."
You voted for straight repeal! #bloodonyourhands 
Seeing lots of hate in reply to this tweet. Not getting it...at all..
But you have others who don't understand what needs to be done.
Thank you Senator for your hard work. Please get the rest of the party to work something out.
Don't forget to mail this image to your constituents.
You will be a murderer if you vote yes to repeal
You're a disgrace. So disappointed in you. Stop lining your pockets with dirty money and vote for the best interest of SC
The best way for a healthcare system to focus on patients and doctors without bureaucrats is to get the Fed Gov't out of #Healthcare period.
Liar.
Do whats Best for the People not the PARTY.
As a SC citizen, I would ask u 2 reach across the aisle to improve ACA. There is no clear bill to replace & CBO score note millions w no ins
But please #DoNoHarm. This bill is a disaster for children. It is NOT progress. It DOUBLES number of uninsured children.
You are a mean sub human!
Thank you, Sen.
You tried to fool us by asking to be "reelected" to a spot in the Senate to which you were appointed. We wont get fooled again.
#SinglePayer is the only option for South Carolina. Please explain what makes our system different from every other industrialized country.
You've may have contributed to the Death of many elderly, and children in this state. Hope you can live with that.
We are tired of the fighting in DC, it is time to stop playing games and start working together. Please no excuses, my vote is anyone but u.
Repeal!
U have vote to debate bill full of secrets. While u have sit on UR --- & done nothing since u took this job. ACA was fixable, why do nothing
So you don't care what it's replaced with - just that you keep a political promise?
The only thing you committed to was for insurance coverage to be reasonable and available to those who don't really need it.
Cadaver
Will be getting my healthcare at the ER to drive up the cost of everyone's insurance. Hope everyone shows up there!
Take away the profits from the insurance companies & ACA could have worked. Repealing without another plan in place is immature
What is wrong with you? Have you no conscience? History will remember you. And so will we. #LivingWithMBC #SCResists
You do not care about healthcare. You do not care about disabled adults and children, seniors or the poor. Look in the mirror. You are evil
My family pays full price on the exchange.  No subdidy. Of course would prefer to pay less. But not at the expense of others' access to care
You're a good man Tim Scott I wish you were my Senator!! 
If not the GOP will reap the whirlwind. This plan will wreck the SC state budget and put our most vulnerable citizens at risk.
Please think of your constituents. We have one of the highest rates of uninsured. Make the ACA better for all.
A more important promise is to serve the people of SC with better ideas. This GOP only plan ain't it. Look to Kasich's bipartisan effort.
Sen. Scott,  I appreciate your commitment to promise keeping.  But this replacement plan is vastly worse than ACA.  We need to do better!
You failed anyone from SC who isn't rich. Obamacare provided millions with healthcare that didn't have it before. You should be disgusted.
If your insurance was being taken away, would you do something other than go along with the people paying you?
Deconstructors.
Thanks for being a voice of reason in this debate we appreciate the good work you are doing
Btw won't be voting for you and will volunteer for whomever opposes you. Sellout.
Shameful. I'm your constituent who had breast cancer. Thanks for screwing me and all SC citizens over big time.
Tim,
Keep it moving for us in SC
How many hearings has your GOP senate had ??

My grandmother told me there was no greater sin than one who lies to himself.
"I've been trying to take away your healthcare for seven years." Thanks for hurting more South Carolinians than the Union Army.
So you're still pretending your plan protects people with preexisting conditions?
I guess millions of people don't matter much to you.
Awesome job Tim. Keep up the great work.
Cruel, dishonest, dishonorable
You liar, the bill on the table does none of that
Repeal and destroy.
6- Your statement is disingenuous - time to hold a town hall to hear what those who vote have to say- Your vote today will lead to defeat
5- did you like his speech to boy scouts - what a role model for our kids!!!

when will you start being concerned aboutmiddle class and poor
4- if you had argued to have SC accept medicaid expansion more SC voters would be insured today - I guess it is enough fo sit next to POTUS
3- from your statement it is clear that you have no idea what is in the ACA- everything you mention except reforming medicaid is in the ACA
Do you ever actually listen to your constituents you represent?Or just toe the party line and focus on your own aggrandizement?
It's a sad day when kids and seniors lose health coverage and it's ok. Fix what we already have instead of killing it all! #HealthcareBill
2- by the republican party and the president seeking to sabotage the ACA; if you cared about the voters you would have voted no;
1. All you have done today is to give a 800 billion tax cut to the rich; you have no backbone; most of what you mention has been caused by
I still don't see a replacement plan????
Fix the ACA!
Not buying your BS. You are a failed conservative and a failed American. Shame on you.   #
Shame on you.
The opinions of the voters have evolved and changed about the ACA. Listen to them.
Nice work today, we were counting on you.
Did John McCain speech mean anything to you? The two Republican bills are a disgrace. You all had seven years to help make a better plan!!!!
Do you even comprehend that tax credits are useless to those who can't afford the insurance in the first place??? #duh
You've taken the 1st step towards removing healthcare from the lives of lower & middle income families across SC for tax breaks 4 wealthy.
20% of the state will lose access to healthcare. That's commitment for sure!
A focus on patients and doctors, really? Did you talk to or listen to any of them? Because they all think this bill is awful. Pesky fact.
How many people are going to die because you stripped them of health insurance? I hope that thought keeps you awake. Gutless coward.
How dare you
I disagree with you here, but I appreciate your consistency, Senator
So completely disgusted by your pretense of caring for the citizens of SC . Admit you are really working to enrich yourself and your donors.
And your health insurance,  Senator,  will that be repealed too?  Or are you too "important" to suffer under the laws you enact?
You vote to protect your donors and increase their profits while throwing South Carolinians under the bus.  Do you think we are stupid?
This bill does the opposite of what you say it will do. What you should be doing is fixing the ACA and pushing for Medicaid expansion in SC
Replace it to save us from disaster of single payor system, Obamacare 2.0
Do you have any concerns about the fact that premiums and deductibles will increase dramatically for all people, especially seniors?
South Carolinians deserve a Senator with the courage to do what is right for the people of SC. Don't patronize us.
You just killed rural healthcare , tho maybe s. Carolina folks don't know it yet because you never expanded Medicaid.
You do not have a replacement. But then you are aware our attention span is mere milliseconds. No need to defend years wasted in saying no.
Shame on you!!!
@SenatorTimScott,that statement is what we call Hogwash
If South Carolina is smart they will recall you. You are not working in their interests

To bad it's all a huge lie.
You voted to kill thousands of Americans. This and subsequent votes will be your legacy as a pro-death Senator.
#Trumpcare #SaveACA
Liar.
The only thing that would have been better would be single payer option. Ashamed of GOP inhumane treatment of people.
I have a preexisting condition and I am one of your constituents. I will remember this vote today from now until my last breath!
Never again under any circumstance will you receive my vote. If you ever approach me in public I will politely turn away from you in disgust
You're kidding yourself if you think anything offered by GOP will make things better 4consumers. Just giving tax breaks to rich. Delusional
Why do these people disagree with you?
Agree Tim we are proud of you
Nothing on offer in the Senate that will reach your stated goals of lower costs, protection of pre-existing. All GOP proposals do opposite
Think u mean fewer tax credits, axing Medicaid, and charging more for pre-existing conditions.  Disgraceful.
You may want to actually talk to the people of SC.  12% of Americans oppose your plan.  Maybe check with them once in awhile.Just a thought.
I am not a SC resident, but Thank you on behalf of tAmerican citizens that have been strapped with triple digit premiums and deductibles.
Tax credits for those who can't afford insurance? Are you impaired? Do you even try to think?
Senator, putting out the canned @GOP statement is insincere at best. After 7 yrs, the @GOP has no plan & refuses to listen to constituents
Senator the patient protections in the ACA protect your constituents from being denied cvs for preexisting cond You voted to take that away!
You voted today to begin the process to take away hc from millions and gut medicaid. Don't sugar coat it you did it you own it.
"Big step in the right direction" is a dangerous promise to make, hope you've *REALLY* considered what you're doing here.
Ur one of 100 who decide the weighty issue of who lives (ppl who can afford health insurance) and who dies (ppl who can't). Ur failing! Sad
Are you aware that all of the alternatives your party has proposed will price millions of people out of insurance? How is it better?
That's why you're Senate job is done
You're literally killing your constituents in order to give millionaires tax cuts.
Thank you senator!!
Well done and thanks.
Yeah we've heard all that misinformation before! You are just a YES man in the #GOP. Nothing your party has put forth to date is> ACA!Zero!
WE NEED FREE MARKET HEALTHCARE!!!  You all opted out that means you need to go be a lawyer not representing the people of SC we are tired!!!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!
You did nothing of the sort. You killed South Carolina residents today. There will be no forgiveness. 2022 is coming, Senator.
what is your hard on to repeal and replace is it just bec obama's name is attached to it? - u doom the process b4 it even starts w this .
Therein is the problem---YOU NEVER discuss with your constituents, you never hold town halls. Never vote for the best interest of the people
If skinny bill not bad then save taxpayers from paying for your Cadillac plan & get Congress on Trumpcare.  Let's see how U like it then.

You have lost my vote for good - keep on listening to that spoiled toddler.   Pawleys Island, SC
Nauseated and terrified. I really don't kno how u discuss ripping healthcare from millions n healthcare/insurance protections from everyone
Senator Scott, your vote today was disgraceful and cowardly.
You are an elected official that "the people" can be PROUD of...thank you Senator Scott
I'm @SenatorTimScott and I approve this message
you don't really believe that garbage
#Docs4Coverage Disappointed. SC doesn't need more uninsured families or higher deductibles #KeepKidsCovered
Exactly what does the "bill" state? That "luxury" is available to a previous few.  Can you detail it for us in SC?
