....Kudos to u both!!! Pat Locke a true icon!!!
,,, Timmy you lost you "Black Card" long ago !
I'd like to read her book
Thank you both for your service to our country! 
thanks for voting correctly!
is she gonna be in trouble for learning to read? Still illegal for black folk right?
American heroes. Thank you both for all that you do. 
wow how awesome! First of many!
Keep it straight she is American, not African American. First Black Woman. Break the pattern.
YOU are an awesome MAN Sen. Scott!!!
lookin good!!
Great pic, we support you Senator Scott
Sen I am sorry and hurt by the comments made to you about your race You are a fair and good American Thankyou   !!
Did she pay you as much for that selfie as @BetsyDeVos did for your vote?
amazing and could not have been easy!!!
Did she attend public schools..
- Lets just hope there are lots more!
Congratulations and may God be with you in your future career.
Thank you for your service to this country. You are to be admired and not scorned. God Bless you!
BEAUTIFUL! Congratulations! She must be very accomplished as are you!
house nigro ! cc @WestPoint_USMA
: Pat Locke is a @STEM4US supporter, hope you can accept our invite to the STEM Black History Event with NASDAQ
outstanding
@RaviDuhvee Tim Scott does make himself accessible. If you stayed informed, you'd know that.
Awesome Pic! You are doing a great job for SC. You are a great man, Mr. Scott.
Now that is a woman I would want my kids to aspire to!
Wow!!! That's Awesome! Congratulations are definitely in order!!!!
Sir u r inspirational- I love your calm intellectual way with adversity- u r your message like Gandhi said
Future President and Vice President! :)
I see Tim Scott being a much better President than Barack Obama in the Future! Tim is very Smart!
@UpInTheHills @WestPoint_USMA   Congrats to Pat Lock
@UpInTheHills @WestPoint_USMA 
@UpInTheHills @WestPoint_USMA   
Congratulations Pat!
I'm still a little shaky on Sessions but I thought wrong about you!! I'm impressed keep telling your story!
Maurice like your comment all we ask as a conservative is yes have some civility and common American sense  Disagree YES 
hey I'm an independent from Ga.. I watched your video today about Your vote for Jeff Sessions.. Salute!!
Congrats!
Awesome. That's a real woman and she makes us proud! Congratulations 
#Beautiful
@PHussionWYFF @WestPoint_USMA ...classic pic Senator!
2 Great Americans!
Outstanding!
Plz say Congrats to Ms Locke! Gr8 to see amazing women graduating fr WestPoint. Thankful 4 their service
Sorry to take away the celebration of Pat Locke. She deserves copious high fives for her accomplishments!
awesome! USA!
I'd love to get a selfie with you if you could find the time to meet fellow South Carolinians.
Congratulations! you rock!
respect to her !
Congrats, Pat.  So very proud of you and your friend, Mr. Scott.
If only you'd take calls from or otherwise acknowledge your constituents in any meaningful way.
sound like a jealous ex-girlfriend...
The Senator doesn't have time for creepers
So Awesome !!!
I you.
I her too!
keep up the good work! Don't listen to anyone else.
Great moment.
Congratulations Ms Pat..  So proud of you Senator Scott wish there were more like you on The Hill.
outstanding!!!!
Very Proud of Pat Locke & very very proud of 
Tim Scott standing up  Dems and Socialist disgusted liberals
 love it!
Wow! Lucky you!
...Way to go Pat Locke !!!...America Loves You !

Keep that great smile!
awesome!  God Bless you both!
congratulations!!
That's MY Senator Ya'll!
AWESOME!!  Congratulations Lt Locke.
Great photo!
Too cute!!!
Good evening, Senator. 1 Strong hug
congrats to her!!
