Some students would rather find and go to a TRADE school. Not everyone wants college right away. Job more important.
agree. love apprenticeships, career and tech ed.
I didn't start college until after VN. Then I knew my direction. Mine was military service.
@emh434 that...doesn't seem to be the argument of most people who oppose DeVos
in other words, people aren't opposed to her because they think it's impossible to be pro-public school and pro-school choice.
rather, they're opppsed because she's anti-public school, full stop.
schools are human capital issue, period.  Pushing resources around from public to private, vice versa, wrong focus.
if you want to improve teaching do things to attract that capital. Create pos culture, pay higher salary.

@WBVT_98FM Absolutely!
that would only be a concern if you were afraid pub schools could not survive competition.
Okay, I'll grant that but you can't be pro-public school and pro DeVos.
Nobody is saying you can't. The problem is when public funding is used for rich families to isolate.
Public schools need social workers and tutors.  Please don't divert money to private schools.  #DumpDevos
.@SenatorTimScott Choice & competition are key for the improvement & survival of public schools. Public school grad & teacher here.
Charter/private schools are not available to those without resources.DeVos poses a threat and her charters underperformed.
As long as they are all held to the same standards.
@KathyJeffers3 Betsy DeVos is not pro-public schools as evidenced in MI.
Do Republicans that @BetsyDeVos donated thousands to think Americans are this stupid? Republicans and dems alike oppose
I attended private. My daughters public in US, private in Puerto Rico. I also support school choice & school improvement.
You are bought and paid for. This woman DIDN'T KNOW THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GROWTH AND PROFICIENCY! #StopDeVos
Surely DeVos's abysmal performance in confirm. hearing makes you rethink your support. She is unqualified.
so throw your support against a candidate who is anti education and pro business. Teach kids to learn, not to buy their way
As a 40+ year public school teacher, it is refreshing to hear there is room for both.
Vouchers & competition is the best way to create better schools w/soilid academic achievement.Restore Parental Rights too!
Great job today at the hearing, Senator.
did you catch NPR piece about how school choice maintains segregation? https://goo.gl/sbWXR1  Constituent in 29617
So great to hear this. School choice is wonderful for areas that are impoverished i.e. Detroit & DC - public school guy
...unless you're one of the kids who is left behind in the school that has its money diverted to the charter.
nothing gets diverted.   Charter schools are public.  Please learn something.
Receiving public funding w/o following the same regs. They are not held to the same standards.
uhhh...not really.   Do you know what a charter is?
Yes, really. They're not held to the same local, state, & federal regs.
uhhh. Right. You seem to be missing the point. Charters. Spells our their requirements.  #thick
Which do not meet the requirements of district schools. Please, name-calling is not needed.
for children with disabilities there is no choice without IDEA and OCR oversight
@Never_Tyranny I hear a public school in the deep south using books that r old and/or censored I ask why kids don't matter.
True for all things. When we dig into our own ideology, nobody wins. Listen to others' views, especially as majority.
Parents are the ones who know best what their kids need education wise, there is no one size fits all.
@puddytalltale spoken like a politician, self interested teacher union backed public school will not be able to compete
is it possible to successfully have both?  I thought choice would siphon $ from public schools....
USA spends most $$ per child (public monies) and yet ranks very low on educational outcomes in the world at large.
we support CATE
same.
@GOPBlondeshell   We need to offer quality education or education options. I am a PS  and university grad pvt grad school
@GarrettVentry Yes 45 minutes away, great public schools. My district , charter or you have to settle for a D school ..
Cleveland Academy is good. A lighthouse school.
@RScottClark Parenting, parenting, parenting. If the parents are active wonders can happen in child rearing in any place.
Please see "Corridor of Shame" has what they need!HORRY County has some long time BlackAm.pockets off 9. Kids need support!
What is being done to fix the root cause of the perceived public school "problem" ?
Rather than focusing on "choosing" schools, how about focusing on ***fixing*** them?
Let's stop w/notion that US Dept Ed has any plans to takeover the states' role in edu in the first place.
shes helped fuck up the system in MI..dont think we want or need that in other states..thanks no thanks..
Bad schools will die on the vine if there is school choice. Get the Fed money out of schools.
Same here, Senator!  Greenville County SC and I'm VERY pro-school choice.  Come from a long line of teachers.
common sense. Just one more thing we love about Senator Scott.
Democrats are for 'Pro-Choice' except when it comes to education. #followTheMoney
Let's stop the notion that public school don't need to be fixed! They do!
Amen!!
I think trade schools are the future for a lot of our kids. Less money and you're job ready in two years or less.
Thank you for speaking for us, Senator. I wish I had somebody in Congress like you representing me!! god bless!!!
DOJ has failed its mission. Return education decisions to the counties and cities..
Hugely pro-school choice but CHOOSE to send my daughter to the area public school. Why? Because it's a good system.
Will there be accountability put in place? Will there be safe guards to combat racial isolation or selective acceptance?
what's the plan to address poverty's impact on academic performance?
Sir, I respecfully disagree that Betsy DeVos is a viable candidate for Sec. of Ed. Retired SC teacher
@DaliDager @SenatorTimScott She is totally unqualified.
You can't make blanket statements about schools. Some are good and some aren't. Accountability is what's needed.
Those opposed to school choice are afraid they might have to rub shoulders with the commoners.
You are highly Intelligent!
All anti-choice government official's children should have to attend public schools. That would solve the problem quickly.
yes! Not all public schools are equal, or private schools for that matter. Competition drives quality
you went to same high school as my husband, and he does well also....but it's not just the school, it's the community too
Greenville County Schools has tons of choices for students. Magnet, IB, Fine Arts Center, highly gifted school. All public.
Agreed!! Same here in Horry County!! Find the best fit for your child and choose 
Choice bandied around here irresponsibly. For-profit charters are not choice.
Private schools provide scholarships for those who cannot pay. Fund Public schools to improve and provide svcs.
Absolutely Parent involvement crucial to work with Teacher..My concern for Special Need children have teachers experienced
and that you FUND them appropriately. don't use charter schools/choice as means to defund public ed.
But that's the issue. Charter schools are for profit & take funding from public. Great voc ed in public schools.
