Everyone can now rush out and buy cheap plans and pray, once again, they don’t ever have to use them because they won’t cover anything.
Tim should offer to swap health care plans with any South Carolina citizen who gets sick under a plan he supports via the Executive Order
Unless you're poor or rich you can't afford Obamacare
Let's drive to affordable healthcare for all, but having a healthcare plan you can afford but has no real coverage is political & pointless.
That's Obamacare no real coverage and you can't afford it
The facts are more people are covered than before with coverage that matters (eg. pre-existing conditions). At least we agree on the goal.
Yes we agree on the goal.  But Obamacare is a bad law and people like my son who make just enough can't afford it
The like is for empathizing for your son, not saying Obamacare is bad law :)
Many expert analyses do not support this opinion. Trumpcare now belongs to him and the GOP.
Better if you cite a couple of the expert analyses. Otherwise you sound like Fox News. "Some are saying..."
AMA, AARP, state insurance commissioners, most of the health-insurance industry,mainstream policy specialists
are some of the one's I have seen from reliable sources (WaPo, AARP).
Not saying something is broken after taking a sledge hammer to it.
Tim wrong on all counts. You don’t have a clue
Are u kidding me. This will mean billions of added debt in a decade and will be helping no one especially the most vulnerable&financially
Your statement shows you are completely out of touch with your constituents and the American people who need healthcare. REPRESENT US!
2/5 compromised. Dont try to make yourself feel better by deluding yourself that this is good for anyone. It’s about undoing any good done
GOP has been sabotaging this. The people DO NOT WANT you to kill Ocare. That's why it didn't go through. But Donnie has an Obama problem.
So you agree with me now paying $600 a month instead of the $30 I was paying?? How ignorant
What was done today will hurt not help the am people.  What you support hurts people in SC.  reason ACA is failing is repubs sabotage it
Dear Senator Scott
If all of my assets could keep up with Health insurance, that would be great. I see no cost of living in my pension of 31
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/452674/trumps-obamacare-order-faithfully-executes-law … For @POTUS to not do this would be illegal.  Speaking as an uninsured, I hope the "replace" part is coming soon.
Dear Tim... You sound like a person who buys a car and never gives it maintenance. You then blame the automaker for a faulty product.
Can you be any more wrong!  Again you follow along like a lemming with no care for the middle or lower class.  What do you owe repub party??
He's hijacking the Health Care! Signing EO he knows Nothing about! When are you all going to say enough is enough!
That’s a very optimistic viewpoint. More likely, people will have access to terrible plans that won’t provide the coverage they need.
I am so disappointed in the remnants of the Grand Old Party
So can I drop my ridiculous Obamacare without penalty now?
You must be a very confident very healthy person. Hopefully you won't suffer any medical conditions. You r on your own now
Seems being able to make your own choices has always been the liberal way, so why suddenly is MY choice a problem for you? Hateful much?
Sen Scott have you really assessed the impact of this change on the people who need healthcare the most? Do you trust health insurance co.?
He has not. As usual, he toes the party line and says what he is told to say.
3/5 by Obama’s administration. Helping the American people is about retaining what was working and improving what needed changing

Again you are on the wrong side of history. No compassion no heart no brains. Thank you GOP. Your constituents will suffer. Again
Ok fine but you need to stand up for our greatest President since Regan..against this “witch hunt”..you will not get my vote if you don’t..we republicans across the country are tired of this  ..
You and your party lies. It is a greedy money grabbing party taking from the American people. You do not deserve to represent SC
Can you please share with Senators McCain, Collins and Murokski
Sen Scott today's action will hurt SC residents. Selling plans that are empty help no one
I sincerely, with all my heart,  hope you believe what you have just tweeted.
You & the rest of the GOP have been enabling this third rate conman traitor when you should have impeached. You all need to go. Disgraceful.
If nobody in Congress can agree on anything, then what's our choice?
As your constituent, thank you. My family can't afford a 31% premium increase and only 1 option in SC. Healthcare is a mess. Please fix it.
Sorry to disappoint you, this just makes it worse. Healthy ppl will leave the insurance market and sick people will go bankrupt. #trumpCare
Exactly! They better start paying attention and not listening to these people that don’t care because we are paying their healthcare
You do realize that for every dollar South Carolina's pay in Federal Taxes, they get back $8. You want the states to take back HealthCare?
Moving forward is more effective than standing still. Leadership  will help us climb out of the ACA mess. Congress must use plan. @TheHRH
Yes...you continue to prove that you do not deserve to represent the people that put you in office. Well done.
Here's an option that will benefit everyone: a single payer option.
Just wait until the uninsured start flooding your office with calls.
Wrong, senator. Very wrong.
Go back to calling Mitch, Mr., naw sir, yessir and please Mr. Mitch. Remember, his state hates uppity (N word). You must feel right at home.
Black Children are in desperate need of health care.Stop lying about Obama care You R the GOP Can't find one person with record paying more.
Yes Timothy, you are caught up in this White Trash Party. You sold out to White Trash. These WH trash people told you boy  to get in line.
AND if Congress is't allowed to do it's job WHY DO WE NEED TO CONTINUE TO PAY YOU?
Pack your bags and go come back to SC you and none of the rest in Congress are needed any longer trump is creating the laws now.
Why does he have to issue an executive order. If you guys can get ur asses behind president he wouldn’t have to resort to the pen. Idiots!
AS PRESIDENT TRUMP &OUR GOP LEADERS-LIKE YOU REPAIR-REFORM & RESTORE OUR REPUBLIC~MANY,MANY MILLIONS OF AMERICANS WILL HAVE BRIGHTER FUTURES
I don't understand how u truly believe this.U cud do much good if u truly recognized ur power, but ur worried abt a lifetime job in Congress
Thank you Senator Scott keep up the good work support the agenda.
Remind me when your term is over? Because I’ll be voting for LITERALLY ANYONE OTHER THAN YOU.
Thank you for giving me access to a gigantic scam.
it's a good step. What plan are you on and what does it cost? When can the 'folks' buy that?
It’s sad that you are willing to hurt your constituents to prop up Trump.
You mentioned WE a lot but #Senate has been almost a complete failure. #McConnel is useless and must go.Thanks to #Trump once again.#maga
Yeah, it's a good day for healthy males, but not so good for women, the elderly, the sick or the disabled.
Love ya Tim.
Don’t think this EO does anything, but bigger issue is transferring legislative authority to the Pres. That’s not how it’s supposed to work
Bull. Shit.
You are so disingenuous to make such claims. So many problems with ACA due to Trump & GOP neglect. Could’ve been improved
I hate to tell you but the ACA had provisions to buy across state lines and the ins, companies didn't go for it.
Junk policies to nuke the market.  Seniors will end up paying more for it.  Crap & U know it!  A LOT of people know ya'll are lying, u know?
NBC has to buy the Airways they use like everyone else. So no infringement on speech just business.
You have lost your mind.
Oh my goodness do you really believe this is good? Substandard insurance that won't cover anything causing bankruptcies!!! Study up!!!
So congressional inaction is rewarded with presidential action?
Why do you talk about how many options are on the ACA exchange, when your party wants to literally eliminate the ACA exchange. That means 0
Get some balls for God Sake. This order gives young people great options and screws anyone over the age of 50. Could you try to be honest?
Perhaps you should take a consumer math class.   I hear SC high schools offer an excellent adult educatiin classes. ..
Sell out
Stop, sir, partisan solutions aren't what we need
No common sense, all political. Where are the experts or any input by women that are most impacted. TS fooled again by the POTUS

Pathetic
No, Senator, this is not welcome. It's been a long time since my last civics class but I believe legislative power is reserved to Congress.
it's ACA not Obamacare geez at least get the name right, you are useless
Sen. Scott I can never figure out if you truly don't understand how things work, or you're actually malicious. This EO will do much damage.
He is a stupid man. Mitch has him doing the ignorance people work. What a sad man from the Slave State. Spook who is sitting at the door.
You know he is lying and so are you! Sad that you still support this maniac! History will not be kind.
Thanks, Senator Scott.
Thank you Senator. #repealobamacare now please!
What part of the ACA bothers you? Essential benefits, coverage of pre-existing conditions, guaranteed coverage, individual mandate? Hmm?
You’re actually lying... those crappy plans will cause premiums to rise. That EO undermines health insurance markets
You should research the history of how this approach failed in KY.
Congress has had years to stop serving special interests and serve citizens who pay your paycheck but FAILED 
Quit your bitchin
@SenatorTimScott  Pleas enable the creation of association health plans and expanded health insurance options for independent contractors.
This will only benefit you if ALL insurance plans continue to offer essential benefits. If not, you will be paying for reduced coverage.
When the last POTUS used executive order Republicans hair were on fire. This clown use it to undermine the law and you cheer. #Hypocrites
Maybe its because he was black & didnt grab women by the pussy. #YouAreATurd
Well damn Senator when is your term over because I will be in support of your removal #notanalternativefact
Now yell Corey Booker to read it not just say it won't work it will help his region
Why not just give everyone free healthcare, then there's no cost for anyone to worry about?
No such thing as free healthcare, unless of course you know some doctors or hospitals that work for free.
Not paying for features we don't need!  Competition brings down price. DemocRats only believe in choice if babies are being killed
Well Mrs Carter don’t complain when you are affected by these decisions. B/C I’m sure u don’t have 100k lying around either
More zombie insurance coming for South Carolina. It existed before the ACA, it will exist again. Great pricing, until you actually need it.
Maybe read your policy?  Or is that the government's job, as well???
You don't understand the larger systemic effects this action will have. It would price the sick out of their more expensive plans..
because costs would no longer be shared.
I don't want to "share the cost" with millions of people that only "share" in the outtake and don't share in the "input".
I know you don't want to. Nobody does. But that's the basic mechanism of insurance. If someone gets truly, deathly ill, we all share costs
We pay for it through our tax dollars as in the UK, via losses to our employment income, or if we're on the private market, out of pocket
But as along as we're not heartless enough to turn people away from emergency rooms, we are all, in one form or another, sharing these costs
Well, this is good news for attorneys that handle personal bankruptcies. Congratulations on your new caseload!  
Thank you!!!  Excited about the chance to find some decent and affordable healthcare!!!
it will be affordable, but it will not be decent
We will see!!!
After months and months of sabotage orchestrated for the desired effect. Insurance companies/big money win and regular folks lose...again.

Stop trying to repeal and replace ACA (your use of Obamacare is telling), and just work to improve it.
Tim, please trade your policy with a typical citizen in SC. I am so disappointed in you supporting this  executive order. Sigh.....
Because GOP made decision 8 years ago not to do fixes. Trump intentionally sinking markets. This is crap and you're a coward
you dont have any problem issuing a statement on HC - yet refuse to comment on McMaster barring all media from his fund raiser with Trump.
So when I get turned down due to ore existing condition and the ACAis no more will you help w my bills???? #murderer
i guess we'll see wont we? do we have a choice? Of course not, same thing you're upset with the democracts for doing. wont fix anything 201?
Could you make a statement on his attack on the first amendment?
#fakenews when you mislead and lying to people that is not & should never be acceptable which is exactly what you just did nice try
It will allow junk insurance that doesnt cover anything 2 flood the market & give folks a false sense of security. Glad to know u support it
Bullshit.
Sounds oddly familiar to what the Koch funded Club for Growth said. Who’s pocket are you in?
http://www.clubforgrowth.org/entitlement-reform/club-for-growth-applauds-president-trumps-executive-order-introducing-market-competition-to-healthcare/ …
Today's decision will not keep our hospitals/clinics open, will not prevent people from being bankrupt from medical bills.
Irresponsible. The GOP is rotten.
Thank you, sir.

This move has nothing to do with a useless senate who couldn't even keep their #1 campaign promise  All Trump!
