.@SenatorTimScott 
Tim Scott takes all the chocolate candies from the trail mix.
It's okay 2 take all of the chocolate; however, it is NOT OKAY 2 disrespect women at your Town Hall meetings #Chauvinistic
Every day I am more disappointed by Senator Scott.
that can only mean he's doing his job well
no it means that he is listing only to the alt right. He represents all of SC
I just want him to acknowledge the thousands who call and write his office.
this isn't 1 sided just because u don't agree. I hvnt agreed with the past 10+ yrs
You said, if I was disappointed that means he is doing his job. Your logic ??
I'm not disappointed. He's doing his job and I support him.
Chocolate is the best part. Ignore the ignoramuses
nice! 
Good point.
A #real answer that is sweet.
nobody wants what is left. Like taking a mountaintop off to get at the coal. you're left with wasteland
this actually explains a lot; no shame?..
This about the only thing upon which you and I agree! Investigate the Russian connection PLEASE!
you'll take the time to retweet this, but not answer my question about HR899? You sure do avoid the real questions!
Yet, you responded!Why is this even important? Let's talk town hall in Columbia. When are you coming?
like taking all the cherries out of fruit salad...I'm with Tim!!!
The chocolate is the best part
- They can keep the nuts.
don't even know why there is other stuff. Dark, milk, white, caramel filled coffee filled is all you need for it.
haha.....get 'em!
he takes the chocolate and leaves the nuts behind, and by nuts I mean the nutty constitutes & those weird raisins.
I am with you on that Senator Scott! I am heading to DC to see you next week.
lol
do you really think they are paid protesters? You took 49 large for your vote and bailed on Sanford town hall.
You are the best Senator! You would do well at stand up comedy too.
tighten up
see. The senator gets it.
you respond to this but you won't respond to my questions about when you will hold a town hall meeting in Columbia? Shame.
I agree
I see the liberal trolls are here too! Keyboard warriors make me laugh. They should really just stop all the crying!!!
a real trail mix doesnt have chocolates and I dont think u have time for a hike these days. keep up the great job!!!!
you certainly took the chocolate from #Devos.  All 49000 of them
I bet you take all the marshmallows out of the lucky charms too
How funny!!!
lol I'm with you on that
So you admit you took all the chocolate. tsk tsk
Yes...and you want to stay away from too many nuts.
no response needed your class act speaks for itself. Keep up the great work
Not in your state, but you're a good man. God bless!
Former gov. Sanford is the authority on trail mix from his AT hiking trips. Ask him!
Well said!
Absolutely. Wouldn't blame you if you did. The chocolate is the best part.
you must have been the oldest kid in your family?
it's the best part!!
I'm with you, Senator!
if you're not taking all the chocolates, you're doing it wrong.
@TheDirtPolitic 
People are mean & cruel, hiding behind the anonymity of twitter.  Confront them face to face and they have nothing to say.
I'm with you!  It's the only way to eat trail mix!
really, it's  what I do.
trail mix is just m&ms with obstacles.

he took money from a diabetic drug manufacturer and Betsy DeVos too! Shame on you!
I love chocolate!
because its the best part of trail mix duh
I have a request, I'm going down to Columbia SC with my college tomorrow, I'd love to meet you if possible!
that's just m&m's with obstacles!
more proof you are a rockstar #MAGA
I definitely would take all the chocolate!!!!
specially if it's dark chocolate!
exactly
Why do they even put anything else in trail mix besides chocolate? 
um I do the same
you sir are a great man and senator. That's why I voted for you and will do so again! (Vietnam Vet )
I usually take all but one!
You certainly wouldn't have a problem with doing that. Or taking $49,000 per vote.
fir once I agree with you.  Hahaha
@sumarie711. I am with you, Tim!
my niece eats all the marshmallows out of the Lucky Charms and leaves only the oats!
@TheDirtPolitic WTF DB? #WinningTrumpsHaters 
Keep up the great work Sen Scott!


I am like you, go for the dark chocolate it is sooooooo good.
I'm good with everything but the raisins, hate raisins.
Too funny, Senator.
hahaha you win
Not more cowbell, more Tim Scott!
Monster! lol Praying for you brother
keep on #Winning Senator. You're an example to follow for all Americans regardless of race or Creed! Gracias!

