Always making us in South Carolina proud 
Except when he voted for an incompetent woman DeVos who gave $42,500 to him! No to Pudzer! Not fit for Labor!
#charlestonstrong
So nice that you made time and care about those who are sick.
@SCMitchP Senate schedule says recess is for you to "meet w/constituents." But you refuse. When is your town hall?
When are you gonna have a townhall meeting?
@SCMitchP @MUSCkids Kids need healthcare to pay hospital bills more than they need Valentines. ACA needs to stay!
Love u senator Tim Scott Make America Always Great 2024!!! Deplorables will support ur candidacy! 2024
Nothing but respect for you @SenatorTimScott @blackrepublican @MUSCkids
a friend's friend 10 hr old boy is there after having a stroke...
meant 10 yr old boy
We need an accountable senator, why no town meetings?
Do you know it's national donor day?! Donate life! Heaven knows you don't need them in heaven! Be an organ donor!
So very Sweet & thoughtful Sen Scott, bless your heart 
Sessions fought to keep special needs kids, like my son, from school access. Specifically rural black kids.
Adults can use a valentine too!
OK, so share you healthcare with them....or give up your own, and buy what's out there.
MUSC NICU saved my baby's life. He is now a senior in college. Forever grateful to them.
ur a good man, senator
if you care about these kids you'll vote against Puzder. He hurt his wife. Don't discount her.
these kids wouldn't want anyone else to be in the hospital. Don't support domestic violence
When are you holding a town hall to answer why you voted yes on De Vos. These kids deserve quality education!
you're a good man
#StandTall
I sponsor a nonprofit group that delivers cards to elderly. Much joy when I see Clemson items in their room.
will those kids have health insurance if ACA repealed? #SavetheACA #healthcare
will you tell your constituents what's your position regarding Mnuchin?
Awesome Tim!
as long as you are voting the way you are, you're not supporting those kids. Their lives are not a photo op.
God bless you for making the time...and God bless the kids as well.
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you Mr @SenatorTimScott 
when is your townhall meeting?  You sir are not humble nor kind, voting for the unethical lead by the unqualified
Very sweet!
fantastic
Please finally stand up & support S 65 to investigate conflicts of interest. This is nonpartisan issue of integrity & law
Yeah, this kind of "charity" loses it's value when you're fighting to take away theses kids' health insurance!!!!
Did you ask the parents their thoughts on ACA and health insurance?
, I wish you would devote more time to representing ALL of your constituents, not just the far right.
you are a good guy Tim Scott!
Proud you are a U.S. Senator. Sorry I do not live in SC.
be glad you don't live here. He is all show - no substance
You, Sir are wonderful. Never stop working for #US.
We love Tim Scott.
You're a good man.  God Bless You!
@MUSC You must fight for their health care! #savetheaca #healthcare
You are an awesome role model not only for the black community, but for all Americans!
You're agood man, Senator Scott. We need many more like you. God Bless. @MUSCkids 
gag
when are you going to meet with the rest of your constituents?
maybe you should have voted to protect public schools if you care about kids so much
@postandcourier has Devos sent you a valentine card with $5000 in it for your vote?
I was one of the 'hospital kids' as a youngster. It means a lot when people come in. Thank you from me for them.
God bless you.
if you cared about these kids maybe you could work with @BernieSanders get their families affordable healthcare
Howa bout a town hall instead of a photo op? Your office won't return calls about the #ACA.

We love you Senator #GodBless #MAGA
If only more Black leaders did this instead of bashing those who do. Black Democrats suffer, they have no charity of heart @SenatorTimScott
Thank you for the smiles on their faces
- Warms my heart, and brings tears <3
