I support America and our President Trump 100%
I support America. Not fools like Trump or T Howdy.
Ivanka Trump used personal email to conduct government work: report. Trey Gowdy suddenly silent....
Thank You Mr. Gowdy for All You do and try doing! Sorry most of your witness keep turning up dead! #Clinton murders! God Bless You and Yours
Did U ever ask yourself why Comey came out&denied Trump's tweet about Obama spying on Trump only a couple hours after he tweeted it?


Trump loves humiliating people who haven't learned the lesson that the greatest humiliation of all is backing Donald Trump.
Comey told u all on March 20th that he looked in the FBI&Found no evidence of Obama&team spying on Trump&Team while sitting on 47 hard drive
All of us are wondering the same thing, Colleen. Some previously huge supporters of Gowdy are starting to say he's Deep State.
Ouch
That idiot is only 50?
Why the Rice delay? Can someone please explain why this is allowed
It's not just Rice. Have not been happy with his lack on inaction.
*of*

I laugh at the "in name only" GOPers who consider it ok for the SC to look into Trumps personal finances. They w/have fit if it was them!
Funny
Trey Gowdy for #AttorneyGeneral
#FireSessions
Hope you're not related to Mueller. Lol.
no, lol, not related
Haaaa 
Stop the coup Gowdy! You are better than this
Agree, as we've seen nothing but inaction to serve justice to obvious Deep State criminals. Starting to wonder if Gowdy is Deep State.
He has had me wondering about that lately. Am disappointed in him.
I always have been.

Not one shred of truth.  Or evidence.
Imagine Obama pulling the crap 45 has pulled. He would already been impeached. You Republicans are hypocrites.  Payback in 2018.
We'll see won't we?


Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
I thought you turned 90 and senile years ago . Happy 90.
Keep up the great work !
Please move to TN so I can vote for you!

You haven't an honest thought in your head.
So mean 
I live in Spartanburg SC.  I can't stand you. I can't wait to vote against you.
I turned 50 July  17 damn it @@@ get off the drug crap
Another thieve working for DJT How much money are you getting out of trump's Russian criminal Activities?It's a treason to sell our country
He turned 50 nine months ago when he was conceived
Fox News Interview: Hair is looking better.  Appreciate your sober, comments, withholding judgements until you've got all necessary info.
What happened to ur head? Hit by a truck? Pre existing condition? #FakeCongressman.
How about we investigate U piss ants who have been screwing the American people and have us Americans question you piss ants on screwing us
There's no Collusion
Why are these committees not investigating Hillary/Ukraine and Obama admin? Where are the republicans? 
That money could have been put to better use like better security for embassies that your party pulled - causing Benghazi in the first place
Better inform colleagues of #TheRinoList! #WeThePeople sick of not backing up @POTUS .  Looking for replacements.
swore to uphold the Constitution, not loyalty to Donald Trump. Please denounce these lies for the sake of our Democracy.
The truth truth. NOT FAKE NEWS. There has to be some heroes in Congress. Where are they? You represent Americans, not POTUS. YOU
every time he calls it fake news or a hoax. It plays right into Russia's hands. Why isn't Congress stepping up to public & call it
elections in an unprecedented way?  President Trump is briefed on this & has been since 8/16. He is harming America & Americans
Mr Gowdy, Do you believe our National Security Agencies when they all say Russia hacked, released emails, interfering in our
https://youtu.be/9Z7qDbf288g  wont hear this on the  news . Womanizer Obama dems say one thing but act like  Trash   https://youtu.be/9Z7qDbf288ghttps://youtu.be/9Z7qDbf288g …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=731106403747645&id=100005448761238&ref=m_notif&notif_t=feed_comment …

How 'bout some oversight on Trump & Kushner like u did on Hillary! Justice should not be political. Do ur job!
Please get special council out. This is a witch hunt and needs to stop.

Meanwhile in #Poland #DemocracyDiedInDarkness #Trump has led the way backward to #Communist #Dictatorship. #Poles #Protest please RT 
When R Hillary, Obama, Anne rice, lynch going to be held accountable? Just curious. Most citizens would have been in jail long ago for less
Ha! 
Fort Mill!
Huge fan of yours however, why isn't comey paying for leering government documents, what's going on
i like listening to you , you need a better role in this   political environment.
What a backhanded birthday wish! HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA!!
He is one of the few actually working for what the people voted for. while Congress (house and senate) work against.
HA HA
Keep up the good work Mr. Gowdy. Your the man.
Lets get Mueller off the investigation. This country needs to move ahead.
Is that a "Back-handed" compliment?
Happy Birthday MICK.
Trey Gowdy for special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton email server,Benghazi,Clinton Foundation, slick Willie on the tarmac..
Hasn't Trey Gowdy already investigated all those things already? #beatadeadhorse
I think you owe Mick a beer
@TGowdySC got jokes; thought you were just the hammer bringing bad news 2 the Libs
Good shot, Trey...just remember though, about "payback"!
#Burn
Susan Rice show up yet?
U R A HYPOCRIT & COWARD!!!!!
Oops!
Let's hope Mulvaney doesn't get sick in his old age and stays employed.  He may need the very programs he is eliminating.
@larry_kudlow @SenSchumer @MaddowBlog @CNN @tedlieu just an alligator in tRumps swamp
Good one
Gee Goody w buddies like you Mick needs no enemies!
Please get serious... God help this country!
Ha!! 
That's what happens when you know someone has no soul...you just assume they have roamed the earth for millennia
Trey the people are behind you bring us justice get them lying cheating racist spying violence party America waits trust in the lord
Pretty sure he isn't going to go after the Republicans and Trump but you can keep hoping!!!!
Pretty sure that the other Keith was talking about the crime spree that was the previous administration
Funny how no one in the previous administration had to hire an attorney while they were at the White House
#Youradick
Please give me the name of an Islamic organisation dedicated to helping child victims of sex abuse. There are none, Why?
Here ya go...took me all of 30 seconds on Google....http://projectsakinah.org/ 
Can't find the Koran verses they use to help the children, does not seem very Islamic without reference to the abuse manual called the Koran
Get the Catholic Church in order and then check back in with me

Come to Oklahoma
And stay forever...
He looks like he is 40!
WHAT? Explain PLEASE! I love watching u question  people! U got the pan face expression DOWN 2 an art! Ur an honest man! THANK U! God bless

Yeah, and the need for mental health
Wow, I share the same birthday with Mick Mulvaney? I got a year on him though
Nothing like starting the day with a good dig.  Lol
Good Morning To You Trey
That's what politics does ages you
Russia never hacked the DNC U know it&anyone w/ half a brain knows it!We want the severs examined&not by a third party tech firm tied 2 DNC!
Good shot there TGowdy! You're rarely wrong, the country is better with you representing SC.
Trey is a RINO. Show pony.
Lol
Happy Birthday and enjoy your colonoscopy 
More Statism.
Impeachment 2.0 #TreasonousTrump
Whoa! I see Mic getting back at you!
Next month, when Trey turns 50, he will!

JEFF SESSIONS SHOULD HAVE NEVER RECUSE HIMSELF HE PLAYED RIGHT INTO THE DEMOCRATS PLAN TO IMPEACH TRUMP IT IS ALL A PLANNED SET UP BY OBAMA!
LMFAO
brutal. but funny,
So..you're drunk now...instead of doing your job!? Mimosas or bloody marys this morning?

Changing the subject! ur Boston! I had 1 also, BUT SOMEONE STOLE MY BOY AFTER 11 yrs! 1 of the WORESTIST DAYS OF MY 66 YRS OF MY LIFE! 
Thanks, he is a sweetheart, 
Sorry for your loss
What hairdo are you sporting today?
My thoughts exactly
LYNCH&COMEY SET UP THE MEETING W/DON JR&RUSSIA LAWYER TAPPED MANAFORTS PHONE,TRANSLATOR WORKED 4 MUELLER,THEY WERE TRYING TO GET FISA 2 SPY!
Did he get his AARP card yet ?
He's just a pup. 
Charming, as usual
maybe he turned 30 a few times, as have I.
Did U know the translator in the meeting w/Russian lawyer&Don jr worked 4 Robert Mueller in the past&Lynch illegally tapped Manaforts phone.
Oh man, that hurts.  #oof
Happy birthday to Mr. Mulvaney!

Hes a great guy!
I'm sure you meant that as a compliment to his wisdom. 
ouch
Mr Gowdy watches Fox and Friends.  Sweet
Don't guess anyone would dare to challenge you either way lol
We have all seen what happens when you do this.  Pretty sure he put James Comey in the corner in the fetal position.  lol

Thinly-veiled insult if ever I saw one LOL!
OUCH!! LOL. He's in the 'f' club now haha. 
.lol..oops!
Bean counters age fast. 
#pedogate #pizzagate Stop them Senator Gowdy. Drain the swamp. Help President Trump please
Didn't we all?

