@SenatorTimScott ur comment re:Trump is embarrassing.Alt-left/Antifa came to fight # Charlottesville. Bats clubs urine feces. U defend this?
This is just the first step of many. IMPEACH!
ur altruism falls short. Pick up your torch & pitchfork against Hillary. Uranium sale to Russians. millions n kickbacks to Clintoncharity.
I guess tax-reform means more to you than racial justice. Good talk. You should be ashamed.
#ThankYou #ReasonedVoicedNeeded #CountyOverParty
Act like a conservative & speak out against leftist violence! Don't fall into the liberal media trap! 1st amendment still applies in USA!
Yesterday I was singing your praises until I saw this. Empty words when in next breath you say you will still work with him. HOW COULD YOU?
Don't let him off so easily!! "Compromised"? How about "absent" or "devoid". Trump has zero moral authority. He should go.
"But he still is the moral authority." Really?!?! Moral Authority necessitates the existence of & adherence to truth.
Condemn leftist antifa BLM violence! They are communist thugs! Using violence to shut down free speech! At campuses at free speech rallies!
Watching your constituents rip you apart for saying what you said is hysterical. GOP = RACIST BIGOTS.
He really is. He is a good and compassionate man and genuine ly cares for our country and our people. He had sacrificed so much.We the peopl
You know that our dear President is never and has never had any history in his life of being a racist.Becoming the Potus did not change who
You know why you disgust me?? You said you can't defend the "indefensible". But you still support & will vote for "indefinsinble".
I consider you my brother in Christ, but disappointed you're being dishonest re: the Pres. Mike Gallagher called you out this a.m. for it.
I have a lot of respect for you. (@vicenews? Really?) You don't need to pander and jump on the #nevertrump bandwagon.
Who voted for him saw that and know that about this man. So stop falsely accusing him, our duly elected president of the USA. It's simply
What about antifa? What about leftist violence? They attack conservatives everyday! I've been attacked by these thugs!
Sen Scott keep the pressure on your colleagues, the nation is watching @LindseyGrahamSC keep the pressure on the Oval Office
?
I love you but the media shills for the democrats.
Please don't tell me you've lost faith in @POTUS.  If so, then I've lost all respect for you. No national office.
He made it very clear tax reform is more important to him than speaking out against a racist president. You sir are a sellout. Sleep well
So loved you and voted for you;
Before you started lying about President TRUMP. Sad.
Tim... complete the truth. Your party is and has been a major carrier of the racism disease. Trump is just the latest mutation.
President Trump has MORE  moral authority in his pinky than 80% of all members in congress, the Gov, the media etc. Shame on you Mr. Scott
Not sure you have as much moral superiority as you think you do, Senator.
Thanks for having the guts to stand up to trump on his racist comments!
Did you call out the Republican party and vow to fight the dog whistles stoking fear and resentment in the interview?!?
Nope. And while he can't "defend the indefensible" he's damn proud to support and vote for the indefensible.
I watched that interview, I don't buy black Republicans. It's like a woman hanging out with sexist men, hoping to do good for women kind.
Vice news? The same Vice that wants to blow up Mt. Rushmore?
If you do not support our president you will lose the support of your base! We will not vote for you again!
Unjust and wrong.
Just an FYI how @vice feels about America
Its a shame that you cannot see how evil Antifa is. You have bolstered them and will share in their future deeds.
You say you're "not going to defend the indefensible"; but you are going to pussy foot around calling the prez a racist #silenceisconsent
Oh you sat down with the people behind this?  What's your take on this idea Senator?
@SenBobCorker said what I had hoped to hear from you today. He's questioning Trump's stability and competency. #ImpeachTrump
Empty words. I am a constituent and I vote
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott  have called out @realDonaldTrump .  @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr it's your turn to stand up!
Why kick the guy when  he is down?  Not a  moral position.  1st statement covered it sufficiently but not for the media.
Great interview Sen. Scott. Thank you for your honesty & personal story. 
It's time for Republicans to come together and agree that Trump is not qualified or as said by Corker, lacks the competence needed. #Impeach
I watched the interview. Not sure you've thought through implications of commander in chief with compromised moral authority. Scary.
Thank you Mr Senator 4 giving a southern perspective to this tragic topic. Your words Echo the meaning of how we see these ill-gotten items
By removing these statues, plaques, & names of structures/thoroughfares feels as though we are trying 2 hide with these evil men have done.
Thank you so much for standing by our president! Not! You knew what he meant. Stop being so self righteous
Your job is not to judge 'moral authority' of @POTUS or to 'call out bigotry' I have a pastor Your job is to defend 1st Amend get 2work
I HAD so much respect for you. You caved under pressure
YOU... have jumped the shark. & YOU... will pay the price.
Why do you support the Antifa Terrorists?
The mayor of charlottesville  is to blame for the violence on Saturday
The sorry republicans will not do any to Trump. They can't govern, lied to voters plus they are using this as cover. Scared of the MSM!
You can't pretend to support affordable housing when you voted to confirm Ben Carson to HUD. Hypocrite. @Carson_Watch
Vice editor wants to blow up Mt Rushmore. That's who you are dealing with here, Senator.
Thank you! Btw, prez' msg about Pershing is insane.  That general sat with offenders and read Koran. Our Prez is unfit to serve.
Thank you, Sen Scott. Please follow-up with concrete action to remove white supremacists from the WH (Bannon, Gorka, Miller, & ???).
Senator, you have enough information to know who Trump is. Act on it. He is a menace.
You think you can shout Trump down. You think you can reason with him. See the Women's March? By now you know: Trump doesn't care.
I really enjoyed the interview and you held your ground in spite of the interviewers attempts to goad you! A job well done!
Agreed!
You getting savaged by the right. Love it. Your career done lol. #MAGA
I was wondering how long could you stand by and be a spectator when you were elected to lead. Let's see you lead and stop following
Tim.  Trump must go
Climbed out from hiding under that table? How pathetic that careerist Republicans like you abandon those who elected you. #VirtueSignalling
The Palmetto state leads in tough times. Mother Emanual...Ft sumpter... Step up to this moment in history
Good job at your Facebook live today.  A mature, reasoned voice.
Counting on you being a voice of reason and unity.
Tim like what you and Lindsey are saying. Please continue. The Palmetto state must offer leadership. We were the first to leave the union
Keep the pressure on sir..thank you
good for tim scott but now NO REPUBLICAN will vote for him HES DONE now. a DEM in disguise
I'm glad to hear you speak out. Now it's time to ACT & remove @realDonaldTrump .
Vice news? Are you kidding me. The left is not your friend.
Ur on the Wrong/EVIL side! The @GOP of Today is NOT the GOP of Lincoln & Eisenhower! Conservatives Have, Are, & Will ALWAYS be Wrong/EVIL!
Support #CensureTrump
Thank goodness you decided to speak out publicly and be on the right side of history in this mess!
On Tuesday Trump revealed his moral code. Reading someone else's words on a teleprompter will never be enough to command moral authority.
Please senator, get @GOP together and fix your party! To do this, you have to ALL call out the president, and stand strong. Strength in ###
We have a lot in common, friend.
Nice to see. Sometimes I feel like a lone voice in the wilderness among @GOP.
Not alone....many of us and we are speaking loudly.  GOP has done NOTHING for SC.  We need to clean them out at State & Federal levels.
I know many vets here in Missouri who have abandoned Trump. GOP will get her guts & soul back, but it won't start in DC. Starts with us.
Thank you for your service.  My dad fly into Normandy on DDay.  My father-in-law earned Congressional Medal of Honor as a submariner.
So glad these men are not alive to see Nazi support today.  I have family still serving....proud of our Vets always.
@SenBobCorker said it right. You are still tiptoeing around. Man up!
Absolutely shameful. He president condemned hate and bigotry. I guess this is the only thing you can do to get attention.
Good for you! NOW, how about schedule a town hall with your constituents, who are essentially your boss.
Impeach Trump or go down and a nazi kkk Russian sympathizer  Trump is unfit and if you can't call for impeachment History will be cruel
Awesome! Exited to see this!
You're going to be part of the garbage that we take out during the next election. If you don't back our president we primary you. Bad move!
Back up what you say with action. It's time to stand up to the president.
Lead, Tim, Lead.  I know you are not ok with the direction in which we are heading.
maybe he bends a knee to the one truth God & not to a false man idol. believing in the truth & standing up to hate, bigotry is honorable sir
Vice News? Yeah, they won't twist your words
He has the ability to say they did if they do. Assume it’ll be honest if he doesn’t say that.

Grow up.
Grow up? Ok thanks for the tip.
