1) Unconstitutional Muslim Ban
2) Lashing out at Press
3) Lashing out at Judges
4) Nazi sidekick Bannon
5) Promoting sales of Ivanka brand from Oval Office
6) Make believe massacres to justify religious ban
7) Daily lies & propaganda from Spicer & Conway
8) Alliance threatening foreign relations , , , 
9) Collusion and bribes from Putin who is only foreign leader Trump consistently praises
10) Insulting Representative John Lewis, a Civil Rights hero
11) Purposeful tweets to tank company stock
12) Botched raid in Yemen leading to 8 year old American girl dead as well as Navy Seal
13) Flagrant omission of Jews as victims of Holocaust in White House Statement
14) Lies re: voter fraud
Shame...if Democrats in Congress do not settle down and start earning their keep...protesters getting out hand.
oh the same way the Republicans obstructed a President for 8 years such hypocrites
we will see...I don't think this is going to end well; protesters getting out of hand...they are getter bolder.
there will be no end to it! Because of how this whole election went
Arrest them for trespassing of school property!! Then this shit will stop!!
this will stop. When the republicans have all the money and the environment is destroyed. Nice
And what u think kids inside the school think when c nuts like that outside?? Wake up!!
Free Speech, sure, using public schools for a photo op, No. $49,200 is that right Mr. Scott.
You are standing on the shoulders of black martyr.if you are not man enough to honor them at least "do no harm"
Democrats don't want DeVos in public school system because she's going to dismantle the toxic Liberal brainwashing @SenatorTimScott #MAGA
not true she bought her appt. no experience only there b/c delivered MI to trump
She's not even taking a salary for this position. Give her a chance.
she is wholly & woefully unqualified. Never took out a college loan, never went to pub school
general statement some school not all get involved
I know a lot of people with public edu that have done well for their self
wonder why she needs to go to a public school now?  Taking her now is only a patronizing move.  Did you vote for her?
please do not confirm puzder. Thank you
She was shoved by one of the protesters! This horrible treatment of all of you has got to stop! Sad day in America.
"for all" means public schools which she has no experience in running other than to starve them to death
I'm still waiting for someone to tell me why she is not qualified..all I get is silence.
Unfortunate. I didn't want her confirmed but why actively hinder any ability to even try? :< I'd love to be proven wrong.
Thank you for saying this. We don't have to agree, but we can give each other a chance.
, if you had listened during her hearings and to us, you would understand this better. You are #notmysenator.
really
I guess she couldn't buy her way into a school she wants to defund?!  She bought the Sec of Ed position and your vote?! 
sir she is not qualified and we don't want her in DC! She paid for her position
DeVos needs to be in school getting an education degree not going to pretend to care about ALL students. Wake up Man
What happened to the IDEA website? Why change it? We use that for our disabled son and help others with their children.
She doesn't deserve to be there. She has no clue how a classroom is run. Period. Shield the children from hate.
You don't know me. Flunky? I started from the bottom and earned my way up. I'm far from "flunkie."
Why let her in? So she can figure out how best to level it and put up another evangelical church?
don't vote for puzder
Agree. No reason to do this.
#ActuallyNo
what a weak comment. Free speech?!! That's intimidation and violence. Call it what it is ! Don't  be afraid
no i don't. she should have visited public schools b4 she got the job. why now? so she can plot to ruin them? #boughtjob
I don't see the problem. She only has her seat because of a legal bribe.
No we don't, that's why we asked you not to vote for her.
No. we didn't want her at all. Yet you and The Senate ignored the voice of the nation
Absolutely,  this liberal disagrees w/ blocking visit.  BUT why are our reps voting in the worst cabinet members in history
I say give her a chance!!
NO! NO!
Can't fix stupid...
she is not qualified to lead our education system. This is about our children not politics.
.@SenatorTimScott A misspelled name followed by another typo-laden apology. You get it yet that she is UNQUALIFIED? You were bought! $$$
We the People Opposed these nominations you've crammed down our throats Mr Scott. Don't you get it? Perhaps if you Listened
why would they want someone who's uninformed and a fraud visiting their school ... she's pandering
would have been nice before she got the job. Way to tow the party line
there is nothing free about those protesters speech, all bought and paid for by Soros and other groups.
the tolerant left are at it again. Keep up the good work Mr. Scott. You are an inspiration!
no we don't want her visiting schools. We didn't want you to vote for her but you did anyway. Do you rep us or yourself?
anything to stop an education.
insanity!
she wants to destroy the public schools.
I was thinking the same thing its like you can't think or do anything that the Democratic Party don't agree with.
THE RADICAL IS IN JAIL........
As a Republican teacher in both public and private, no.Teachers are held to higher standard than she was.Earned admittance.
Get used to it! She doesn't belong anywhere near our children! #KeepDevosAway #DevosPledge
Trumpkins clearly didn't do their homework, much like Mrs. DeVos! Look at MI?! #KeepDevosAway
I guess that's what happens when people don't feel like their voices are being heard. Still waiting for a #townhall
really? U want to lecture us on how to listen?
Well said!
do teachers union really care about the kids, I think not. It's time to put them out of business
why don't you hold a town hall and find out?
Tim,you are I know the left hates free speech!!Well,when you are talking there hate for this country,that's OK!!
her family gave 49k to your campaign.  It makes you seem for sale when you talk up an unqualified candidate.
The left is very afraid that the brainwashing of our children my come to an end.
"Liberty requires eternal vigilance"
I want her to go to college and get a degree in education
Maybe you need to go with her...Why not just pi$$ them all off. 
You are such a gold nugget to #MAGA & help # POTUS !
I don't understand! Why not give a businessperson a chance? Because, others before her have been so successful, right? 
her treatment was disgraceful 
As soon as you give her back the $49,000+ we can have a rational discussion.
1st one she's ever been in. #TerribleVoteToConfirm
No, I don't. I want my Senator to have a shred of integrity. I guess no one is getting what they want.
no, keep her as far away as possible. She can only do them harm.
maybe they are afraid of what she will find......
now that a DNC official has come out in support of blocking access can ppl block access to abortion clinics?
I can't believe the behavior of the angry mob! This is unacceptable! What is happening to our culture! DEPRAVED!
Thank you for standing up for true diversity which is diversity of thought! The backlash for it is revolting! Thank you!
Teacher unions and progressives are fearful of real hope and positive change.
people disrupting public business must be arrested. Lawlessness will continue until they are required to pay a price
the longer you avoid it the angrier and more frustrated they will become. Check out the letter to the editor in the post&c
Why are the police not arresting these people they dont have the right to stop an official from doing their job
there is petition for a town hall from you. Constituents shouldn't have to beg. You were elected to represent us #TownHall
Tell me, .@SenatorTimScott: How many calls did YOUR office field demanding that you vote NO? Or did you just "not keep track?" @ABC
that's the beauty of town halls and meeting with constituents regularly. If you keep avoiding the frustration mounts!
This is terrible she wants to help.
Freedom extends to our schools, too. Many have asked for school choice 4 decades. Those who protest R against freedom
She never cared to visit them before.  Why should she start now?
It's becoming increasingly obvious that the leftists in this country, including in our schools, need to be re-educated!
I BELIEVE in free speech. But what THESE LIBS are doing is not free speech/protest. This has to stop.
When PPL block you, block freeways, break things, wear mask to commit crimes. THESE are not protest. They are riots!
this is just plain ignorance.
so she can screw then up more??? HELL NO
@jbairdjr @ABC Why she know nothing about public schools rich b**** went to private schools and sent her kids to private.
One would think, Mr. Scott. SMH
those big bad activists welly awe scawey!!! How about finding out how much Putin owns you Tim. Investigate
Wow, you really don't get it, do you? Are you really that out of touch? SAD, as your ethically questionable BFF says
Davos has 2be better than Obama's SE Public schools   gone 2hell in a handbasket Once great HS now has avg ACT of 15
thank you for your strength and service.
IMO if we don't allow @POTUS cabinet picks to be confirmed & start working, how will we know what they can do?
@BeladonnaRogers @ABC  Physical intimidation has become the trademark of Democrats. Very scary
Not unless she's bringing pencils or kleenex, which we teachers buy for our students. Oh- or a jet from her charter school.
I bet they'd stop protesting for a $49,000 donation to their school. #sold
I agree that this should not happen. However, she was not qualified and our senators aren't listening.
You are a remarkable Senator; thanks for your fundamental understanding of what right looks like. Takes lots of character.
You are a man of great integrity. Dont let the haters win. Keep doing the right thing!
really?  Liberals are sore losers. Get over it. I know a good therapist.
yes sir
it's the height of hypocrisy! Educating black youth has always been a fight in this country! Go figure!!!
No, she should be nowhere near a school.
We love Tim Scott!!!!!!!!
one hour in a public school does not equal understanding. Have her spend a week teaching
16 of the top 20 most educated states voted Democrat in the last election. Easy to brainwash the uneducated. #DoYourJob
You cannot confirm these unacceptable cabinet members and not expect opposition.
should have listened to your constituents. I don't agree with blocking her, but I understand frustration. #DoYourJob
but..don't..you..want..her to be qualified for the job?
No, not by a Billionaire who bought her seat via donations with no credentials or experience to use students as props
why are all these people Tresspassing on school property?
Yes, I do. I don't think she's prepared for the job, but she needs to see the good and the bad.
The intolerant left.  They are the homegrown terrorists now.
settle down. Soon you will protesting too
I won't "settle down", bully.  You probably missed  that the right doesn't behave monsters when we don't get our way
amen. Let's expand opportunity for all.
And idiot is holding a terrorist org..BLM sign.
@VeronicaStrac Free speech does not extend to non-students protesting on school grounds during the school day.
Suck it up. You wouldn't listen to your constituents, so we'll make our voices heard. Shameful vote; you were bought
yes, I do... want her to visit... and ensure strong funding... and bring in good teachers... and incentivize teachers.
All the great alumni of the school, I'm sure! Lol!!  Thank you for your continued support of Betsy and our kids, Senator!
Devos has NO experience! Did you bother to do your research before voting for her?  #howdoyousleep #cashoverkids
these are not protesters but paid antagonists. Bring back law and order.
why? She isn't going to actually help. Y'all aren't listening to us anyway.
$49,200
She doesn't support public schools. Why was she there? Photo op!
This is what actually happened and why: https://twitter.com/shreec/status/830121962487808001 … #ResistDeVos
.@BetsyDeVos was confirmed in an unprecedented vote by @VP. Her rushed visit to school wasn't about kids. It was about optics. https://twitter.com/arneduncan/status/830106686723616769 …
Makes no sense does it.
was she going to a public school because she had never been to one before?
Hell, no!  She doesn't belong anywhere near a public school and innocent children.  You've done enough damage.  Go away.
Hey. More time to visit schools with a success record, I guess.
Due respect, it shouldn't be her first trip given you voted for her to lead the 90% of our kids in there. Maybe do that 1st
shes going to have to expect this. Shes going to have to get creative and find other ways in a building
Democrats will do anything to insure POTUS fails. Paid protesters.
You should not received those kinds of email my question why did u read them it was about sessions not you??
Can't repair what you can't see.  Open a dialogue folks!! #StrongSchoolsForAll
No.  They don't want her to be the Education Secretary.
Yes Senator, it's why the Dem. Party is dying, because it's being run by the Alt. Left. So stupid! We need Bicameral Leg.
Snowflakes only believe the First Amendment is for them.
Teachers union protecting self interest instead of kids having choices of schooling. #StrongSchoolsForAll
- They are so enraged, there is no rhyme or reason to actions. Throwing out baby with the bath water.
this woman is a nightmare I pray you see the light!!!! I am Republican and feel this way!
Democrats have long history of blocking entrances to schools
Oh NOW you're interested in what we want.
How long does that $49,200 keep you beholden to her?
EXACTLY!
.@SenatorTimScott @All100Senators @ABC if she can't even make it IN the school how will she handle children?
How are you not getting it? Have you been checking your VM and FB????
this ad paid for by #devos. You are #sad
shame on you for your vote to her and your defense of the protest
You should be ashamed of yourself
what if she sees a grizzly??? 
.@SenatorTimScott @All100Senators @ABC no, we want her as FAAAAR away as possible - as we implored you for weeks before you voted Yes on her
obvious the protesters are not interested in upgrading schools.....what a disgrace

the left have been filling Senator Scott's page calling him a every form of the N word, the left are some nasty racist
so you idiots want change yet you block change from entering the school!! Did any of you graduate from High School?
Not really. The majority of Americans did NOT want her in the position she has bought.
looks like Trump needs to put some SS with all his cabinet people to keep them safe from the Loony leftist/snowflakes
She will end oppressive learning conditions for African American community if #BLM paid thugs let her @TallahForTrump
Where was her security? DCPD? DCPS Security? How is this even possible?
Senator explain Liberals on this matter. They're complaining on how bad the schools are, yet don't want help!!
when they cross the line they should be arrested- enough is enough
I agree with you and I'm a public school teacher! Why not show her what we do for kids?
Here's how I feel - that nobody in office is listening to the masses.

if they spent that much energy to improve their local schools everything would be possible
these people can't see the forest thru the trees. Meet with her tell her your thoughts. DONT BE BULLIES!!!
So-that school won't be on priority list I guess. Many schools who would love to showcase themselves to Sec. of Ed.
At some point, we're going to have to expect some level of maturity.
they're out of control.  I'm writing this daily it seems.
I disagree with the cabinet choices, but I agree with you here.  Let them do their jobs.  We can judge them then.
please Tim! We saw you commitment to free speech during the Sessions' debate.
@FoxNews wow, the leftist democrats strike again. Terrible people! They should let Secretary Devos do her job!
Wouldn't it be handy if she could see firsthand what is wrong in public schools?
