Yes lowers costs for worthless policies that covers nothing, going to cause rural hosp to close losing med. jobs, to give tax break to rich
Senate Scott. The time is now repeal this oppressive law.  Americans do deserve better!
Take from the Poor and give to the Rich. You are not a Republican nor a Democrat, Sir. You are without question, as I see you, a Plutocrat.
Quite obvious how the WH propped lone black GOP senator next to potus at repeal/replace luncheon SMH!
Are U willing to kill people & be okay with it? I spent my life preserving life no matter the cost & U want to do it w/ a vote. #NoACARepeal
Vote him out!
Everytime you say this, I know I will never vote for you.  Please work to help healthcare in SC and stop spouting the R mantra on the issue
You need to protect America's most ill. Vote NO for full repeal with no replacement
Tim Scott a disgrace for many reasons. Grinning like a Cheshire Cat sitting next toTrump knowing that your health care bill hurts millions
And 32 million people losing health care is better i dont think so
As a South carolinian I am horrified by your support of trumpcare. For the love of God and your fellow South Carolinians quit doing us harm!
People before party, Tim. Listen to your constituents.
SC will remember your stance come reelection time.. you won't be getting my vote again. Stand up to trump and do the right thing Senator.
You really need to rethink what you are doing in politics-
@Senator TimScott If you paid attention to Americans you would realize we don't want you to repeal ACA but get it together w Dems n fix it
SC voters deserve a senator better than you, who does what is best for his voters and middle class and poor people-not follow party line
Thank you!  I work 2 jobs just 2 make ends meet. Also my husband is self employed & we r taxed 2 death,  we can't seem to get ahead.  HELP
Thank you Senator Scott for working so hard for us! You are a #WINNER
Remember that when you get to watch the children of the working poor dying because of your desire to repeal.  Basic check ups save lives
Repeal. That is what y'all were sent there for. Ignore the crybaby liberals, they will lie to you.
'Give up on it'? Why is that even in a sentence? Every single one of you promised it!
Don't focus on repealing because it sounds good. Fix the system. If you repeal I'd be filling for bankruptcy from accident not my fault.
GOP plan pushes millions off of health care, raises premiums for those with pre-existing, removes Medicaid from elderly vets & handicap.
You have the best healthcare in America, that's why u on board to repeal the #ACA, aka #Obamacare, Shame on You Senator
@MaryCaitlinByrd you are right!  The people deserve better.  Medicare for all!
Yes, kill "Unaffordable Care Act" and people can die - doesn't that sound good stupid constituents ?
Yes We Do!!!
How about Repealing and GETTING GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH CARE!!!
No August break! Senators chocked! Lost our trust! No break!
Im in your district and 100% against a repeal.  Need a bipartisan repair.  Stop saying repeal for the sake of it!!!
Then STOP making excuses for your party! Who had already voted to repeal many times under Obama. Do your job, resign or be voted out in 2018
Good 4 u! Time 2 destroy the biggest fraud ever on Americans! Madoff went 2 jail so should Baboon Bama!
I think sarcastically calling it this directly contradicts your pledge not to attack the people behind ACA but it's problems. #bebetter
lol...what families are those...a select group you determine to be the cross-section for ALL americans?  You work for AMERICA
What is the problem?  The Republicans have the House and Senate and it seems like nothing can get done because of the Democrats..Seriously?
CBO says repeal without replacement will mean 32 million more uninsured, 100% increase in premiums.  Is that what you are after?
Repeal or get replaced.
You see its statements like that  strengthen the divide- its a trump-like statement -it serves no purpose - its a headline-
Please listen to the experts- @AmerAcadPeds @acognews @aafp . BCRA IS bad for Americans. We need a bipartisan plan that #keepskidscovered
Yes we do but replacing it with another government program won't help the people.
The Republican had eight years to come up with a solution. That is what's so mind boggling,  six months in and they still don't have a plan.
They never wanted to fix it! Are only trying to replace it now because of pressure.
Serious question, not being adverse: why is simply fixing it not an option?
Seriously man, nobody cares about ACA but the GOP. If you focused on health care, there could be a solution. Instead you make a funny name?
Tim this a disaster, not leadership in the senate
Thank you Senator Scott for being honorable and backing your campaign promise that apparently others forgot.
Randy, wake up.  Trump is not draining any God dawn swamp.  He is filling it with Russian crocodiles.
U talk a good game but r more loyal to the rep party then to ur constituents. I hope u prove me wrong.
Thank you for your leadership. This is destroying our healthcare system
Socialized medicine kills!! #openmarket
Well your courage is undeniably lacking. Waiting until it failed to open your mouth. You are nothing more than a cheaply paid GOP shill.
Pls focus on REPAIR, if you really want improvements.
I agree. But this isn't obstruction by the opposition.This is pure GOP chaos. Quite embarrassing for us conservatives who gave you Congress.
It's probably better to define what better looks like before repealing it and harming millions. (R)'s had 7 years to figure it out...
We certainly deserves better than this Presidential THUG you support so much. You're a disgrace #Trumpcare
You literally JUST said you weren't going to impugn people and now you mock the name of the ACA. Shame on you.
#Complicit party over people
So business as usual huh? Time to VOTE you out! #Complicit party over people
You all have had 7 yrs.  full repeal must be done. Let ACA fail
Well then get behind the Cruz-Lee proposal.
Listen but actually hear what ppl r saying, then maybe you'll have success as 2 what  ppl really want, here's a clue, not total repeal
You've yet to come close to anything 'better'.
Why not single payer, then?
I agree! Let's rock and roll on single payer then.
#MainStreetUSA SenChuck Schumer RepNancy Pelosi,are LEADERS of the SWAMP. Sen Chuck Schumer ShamelessDC politician. Destroyed USA HealthCare
#MainStreetUSA DEMS Pres.Obama, ZekeEmanuel, Sen ChuckSchumer, RepNancy Pelosi LEADERS of the SWAMP. Destroyed USA HealthCare SHAME on DC
But before you vote to repeal, you should have a plan that provides everyone access to good, affordable healthcare. It's essential!
Too many communists have infiltrated the GOP. Comrades @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski will not repeal:
Americans deserve better from our Federal Reps across the board Tim, not just ACA.
And yet you never offered anything better. Everything you and your colleagues proposed would have left us worse off. That's why it's failed.
19. Fine. And if you can actually come up with a better solution that doesn't leave millions of Americans uninsured, I support you on this!
Are you sure repealing is the answer? What it was meant to be, and what it ended up after Senate/House are two different beasts. Rework it.
Let it collapse of its own accord.  But hold a clean repeal vote, so we know who to primary next election cycles.
use of cutesy names isn't going to work that well & your party over and over offered worse things for families here / they deserve better
This one is obvious. Why are representatives excluded?
Full repeal w/no simultaneous replacement will be catastrophic for ppl in SC. Is this what you want? You'd own it. http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/07/18/537868412/health-care-the-risks-of-repeal-without-replace …
Repeal, repeal, repeal!
What do you want in it's place?You were being offered cheap useless plans if you're young and healthy, if poor/sick then death or bankruptcy
800+ a month for insurance for my husband and I with a 6000 dollar deductible because of Obamacare. It needs to stop!
What you were being offered under the repeal bill was, say, $300 a month for a plan which wouldn't cover you if you got really sick.
It's a fools' paradise. There are plenty of problems with the ACA, but the GOP screaming 'repeal' and making things worse didn't solve them
Increased subsidies, a stronger mandate to force people to buy care, a public insurance option to compete with private insurers..
But all they have to offer after 7 years is "Repeal and replace". Nothing to bring to the table which might make your situation better.
The latest bill was just killing off the sick, old and poor and selling it to ppl like you as cost reduction bc you lose out under the ACA
Thank you. SC economic growth would shoot us 2% at least if so many of us weren't saddled with unwanted payments to insurers.
Lazy. Do nothing. Taxpaying leech. That's what you are.
Talk to the SC Gov about accepting Medicaid expansion. That is what the people of #SC want.  Where is your next town? Would like to b there.

