What's wrong with condemning hate groups on both sides? They're both whackos. Why does one get a pass but not the other? #Charolettesville
Exactly!  Racism is racism...period!  Pit all of these hate groups and extremists behind bars and we won't have this problem.
How is being against nazis and white supremacists "hate"???
AntiFa is a very violent group. They are listed on Dept of Homeland Security as domestic terrorists. They went armed w/ bats, flamethrowers.
Btw. "Bats" and "Flame throwers," certainly weren't a match for the assault rifles, the Alt losers were carrying.
Both were wrong. That's the point. That's what POTUS was saying. And btw I didn't see anything besides torches, but I wasn't there.
I Do not mean to jump all over you. I moved to SC, from Charlottesville and I'm taking this personally.
Ok I don't blame you. But I'm tired of people jumping on me and my president for condemning ALL of the hate groups. I take that personally.
Exactly! Racism comes from people in ALL races. Start judging people by their individual character and actions, not color of their skin.
stand up against him When our elders fought the Nazi's they were crowned as "the Greatest Generation"
Do not sugar coat it...call him out by name: TRUMP IS AN APOLOGIST FOR WHITE SUPREMACIST'S!
BLM doesn't hate anyone they want justice, the Kkk wants to hang black people!
Then, you picked the wrong party.
There's a difference between a black republican Like Tim Scott and a coon like david clarke
That's why leaving those statues up is a reminder of the past. Would you destroy museums with all the Jewish genocide memorabilia
So how have u continued 2 support racist, evil #TrumpTheRump? He is far frm disavowing hatemongers - he makes excuses.#TrumpRussia #KKKTrump
@SenatorTimScott thank you for being consistent in your service and support to all of us as Americans. #GodBlessAmerica
I look forward to seeing you support the #DreamAct so #dreamers from all walks of life can work towards the American dream.
I am deeply disappointed in you. You supported him. I live and vote in SC.
I'm also in SC and we've got to vote these people out next time. They won't really stand up to Trump' s bad behavior.
The leader of your party harbors terrorists and you find the courage to tweet. Tweets are not leadership. Act. History watches & waits for u
These people don't care about healing, or equality.  Only the success of their current cause. Without reguard for future consequences.
Ok we get it. I don't remember your tweet storm when BLM was burning Charlotte last fall?
Clicked your link and got this error message. Clearly the web search didn't check the WH or the complicit congress. #ImpeachTrump
There needs to be an equal emphasis on inter-curtural oppression. Far more damaging, with its effects wrongfully attributed to racism.
President Trump is the only saying what exactly happened. Both groups acted like thugs.
Everyone is confirming it but don't ignore the violence from the left that is not good to give a nod to
Both groups are racist and promote bigotry and hate.  45 did the right thing not picking a side.
You are absolutely right! Now is the time for action! #impeachtrump
Explain that to Trump.
you all were so silent when he was talking this hateful crap for the last 18 months. someone has to die for you to pretend you care?
What do @SenatorTimScott and David Duke have in common? They both are a Trump advocates. Think about that Senator
I'm proud to have you representing the great state of South Carolina!
Hollow words. Time to #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
Yet you continue to back @realDonaldTrump. You can tweet all day about this but your lack of action makes you part of the problem
This is the best you can do after tonight's spectacle? Get off the trump train and be a patriot. Do something meaningful!
Tim time to listen to all of SC. Those outside your party have good advice.
Stop it Tim, you are not fooling us. You Will be with this man tomorrow.
Nor is there room for the violent alt left. They have some responsibility in this mess. For the record, I oppose racism in any form.
#ImpeachTheRacist please for the love of God and country, Do. Your. Job!
Amen! SC agrees with you. Time to exercise the #25thAmendmentNow before we go any further down this evil road.
DO SOMETHING.
Your party plays footsie with white nationalists on a regular, for years.
Need to make white supremacist,BLM & antiga need to be classified domestic terrorist and jailed. Ridiculous behavior.
Who'd you vote for? 

Ok, bye now.
Stay strong Tim Scott...you keep doing what you do...stay strong the way you were taught
Stand up! #TheWorldIsWatching
Hatred comes in all forms. Calling it out on both sides is not racism, it's the truth.....but some of you can't handle the truth!
Fr Florence- Impeach this idiot. NOW. We cannot have a nazi sympathizer in our WH. He's blaming the anti-fascists? Come on. Unacceptable.
@blackrepublican. This is the most intelligent comment on this so far. Thank you.
Intelligent? Nah!
Amen!
I choose to respect all human beings and most of the animal kingdom too... but not spiders ,they are icky.
How can you support the President after his press conference today? He is a RACIST!!! When will you and the others stand up against him ?
We hate to well, we hated my brothers at arms because we served, at the country's call,  in Viet Nam. We hate left & right., we need love.
What about the words from the guy in the White House?
Is racism the only bad thing in America? How about far left aggressive violence and terrorism. Socialism is not good for any race.
@SenatorTimScott was grinning wildly with  @realDonaldTrump at the African American Museum.  Your pretty words mean nothing  Trump lackey.
You should probably be a little more vocal than this, and you should definitely do something instead of just empty tweets.
Then tell me why we accept in our nightmare president.
Words mean nothing when actions are contrary to those words. People like you feel u're deceiving us. No. U're deceiving urself. Shame.
Racism on both sides of the political spectrum sir. You should condemn hatred in all its forms.
You supported him. I'm an SC native. My parents still live there. Fix this.
For political & financial gain, you chose to align yourself w/ those who empower white supremacists. Nothing makes this untrue.
Be a leader. Remove trump. America need you
Yeah right. Go on dreaming
This president started his political career making a racist statement (#birther) His current racist statements should end it. #renouncetrump
As long as you align yourself with this man, Senator, then you condone his stance. Do you choose party or country?
What man? Don't be ridulous
You can't have it both ways.  You can't disavow racism and continue to support a racist president. Your choice Choose well.  Kids r watching
Trump just got a thumbs up from David Duke. Repulsive.
So when will you tell @realDonaldTrump this?
Are you going to make a statement about Trump supporting the neo-nazis? How hard is it to condemn nazis? Silence implies consent. #shameful
There are several sentors condemning 45 and so far you are still supporting him? WHY?
This sounds really fluffy senator but are you gonna to stand up to 45 and call him out or just continue with this fluff?
Call out for what. He did. Some of you are just as racist
Yet you still got room for Trump and his enablers in @gop??
Trump: "What about the alt left that came charging at US?". Us, Senator. Not them, not the alt right. Us.  Can it possibly be more clear?
Tim I don't believe Trump is on racist side like ppl are trying to spin, but he is saying there are other hate groups that are bad too!
Please end your support for the President.  Peace, unity & equality are far more important to our country than political parties/agendas.
True no racism from nazis far right far left or black life matters. they were all there and all should be condemned.
Huge difference between POTUS rant and your  Op-Ed. Maybe you could speak to him about Presidential tone. Nah. Never mind. Impossible!
Your president thinks there's room though
At this point, while you still support 45, you're proof you don't have to be white to support white supremacy
Couldn't agree more. Would like @ c u publicly call 4 Impeachment. What is happening 2 our country is 100% on Trump & people who hate u.
I'm hoping you are directing that to #potus
We will be watching your actions & words in the days to come. This president has made himself clear. He cannot lead our diverse country.
The Holocaust happened when good people did nothing. Please GOP!!
poetic...now what will you DO?
You support a President that is ignorant. I wanted to throw up after he spoke this afternoon. Totally disgusting.
Please Republicans,do something to get this man out of office. The race war is beginning & he not only fanned the flames, he defended Nazis
When will you stand up to this President? When will you demand results? When will you step up and act?
Don't tweet, do something about it.
Yeah what he said
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump if you have the spine
Then how can you support this president? Disgraceful
Then say something. Or are tax cuts that important to you?
Tim, all sides are responsible and all sides need to be held accountable for the tragedy! Including the Mayor and the Governor! Tatiana
All sides were not driving that vehicle!!
All sides weren't using racial slurs and marching while armed!
How to say nothing that, well ... maybe sounds like something... kind of ... if you already support @SenatorTimScott
I know, so proud of our POTUS for calling out all racists!
Mr. Scott PLEASE! Trump must go now! Stand up for SC and Americans - this is painful!
AMEN Senator!
Absolutely right no place for racism we are all one race!!
Then do something
Shouldn't be accepted or time in anyones day to feel hatred and negative ill will toward another person. Need to come together as Americans!

And yet President Trump stands at a podium and defends Neo-nazis and KKK supporters. Speak out against this Senator. Loudly. Please.
So you agree with the President that there were some good people here?
These were not good people and I don't see how the "legal" protesters were allowed to come with torches. This is disgusting. Trump is sick!
Preach Sen. Scott.
WHEN WILL ENOUGH BE ENOUGH?!?! WHEN WILL WE IMPEACH THIS MAN?!?!?!
