This isn't what this bill does. You know it too.

It does the opposite: takes yo money an' gives it to the 0.1% who don't need it.
This tax plan will do nothing for people that live check to check- Ask Kansas.......Maybe with that extra $1,000 they can buy a new car? 
Make sure U focus on MIDDLE and WORKING class income levels. Even the rich say they have loopholes to avoid paying taxes that others pay.
Please stop cooning...so diminishing...please stop.
Don't call it "tax reform." Just call it "Ivanka's law."
 Donald Trump's new tax plan would slash his family's estate-tax bill ...
The death tax should have never been instated to begin with. My kids will get every dime of what's mine,  if I have to bury it in the yard
Estate Tax should be 100%.
Builds character!
Done!
My kids pay for their own place, cars, insurance and everything else. They're 25 and 22. When I'm gone I should decide who gets what.
You can will an estate to whoever, but the society that gave you the infrastructure to BE wealthy will also be invested in via estate tax
The snowball of generational wealth capture will end, if not in this admin, then the next one.
Like the cartoon says, it makes me  : RWNJs argue that "people need to pull their own weight & not expect handouts."
But when it comes to their kids, who have done nothing but be the fastest sperm, #alltheriches, #nonetospare lol
Quit misleading your constituents and betraying your people.
@senatortimscott 
#keepyomoney is NOT a good look

Then why is there an increase in tax rate for the working poor
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Anyone normal and intelligent wants the middle class to pay less taxes, the dems are psychos and really don't care about us people
Anyone “normal” will realize this plan won’t do that. Look at Kansas
I'm living pay check to pay  check Tim Scott ur awesome
You should be ashamed of yourself. Lying as you do for the GOP and the tax bill for the wealthy. Won't trickle down, and won't help mid&low
Then how about refundable EITCs or a tax cut that bestows most of its benefit on the middle and lower class? Your "paycheck to paycheck" rhetoric is embarrassingly dishonest in support of tax cut that disproportionately benefits very wealthy Americans.
Uncle Tim is now the poster boy for the Brothers Koch. How fitting!
No talking taxes until Tom Price is OUT!! Making us look bad!! #keepYoTravelingLegit !
Great idea, tax break for lower income folks. But why the huge reduction for high income folks who barely notice their tax payment?
#keepyomoney
Man get over it you're the patsy!
Then you are definitely backing the wrong plan. But your wealthy campaign donors will love this!
We all want to see taxes come down for those living paycheck to paycheck. #KeepYoMoney #TaxReform 
Where r u in all the @GOP pictures these past 8 mths? Seriously Tim, why are u in a racist political party 
@GOP = Untrustworthy
If you cannot be honest with your constituents then please resign. We deserve honesty.
Tell the truth about no Federal Estate Tax benefiting only 

THE RICH

#VarneyCo #Varney @VarneyCo
#Outnumbered @OutnuberedFNC
#Hannity
Do you feel any shame Senator? I think you were used on this one Tim. #EmbarassYoSelf
I'm a conservative & #TaxReform is only #KeepYoMoney for rich ppl not HARDWORKING ppl #BelieveMe
But you have no problem letting the white house and repubs sabotage the ACA that will result in those losing heath care!!!
#KeepYoLies #TaxReform  and keep that pathetic hashtag...geez
You have a little orange dust in the corner of your mouth, sir. Been in "conference" with @realDonaldTrump ?
You lie again!
And we'll pay for increases in defense spending with what? Greenback stamps? #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
Thank you Senator Scott for representing SC with integrity.  I am proud to have voted for you.
That bill is shite and you know it. And what's the keepyomoney bs? Dude, they're playing you.

yo money
#KeepYoMoney? A funky little hashtag is going to somehow convince middle class families that it'll be ok for us to pay more w/ "reform"???
Here is the thing, we will all know in January how this tax plan works (or doesn't). If I pay one dollar more, president labia lips lied.
Real tax reform will NEVER happen until congress passes a balanced budget amendment.
What time is lunch with @POTUS? Senator, when the president lies to Americans and says his tax plan will hurt him financially, yet the facts say otherwise, what are you going to do?
#EmbarrassYoSelf
Show us the tax returns, please. #TaxReturns
This will not accomplish that
Man, white Democrats sure do come unglued over Tim Scott for some reason. But why? I just can't figure it out.
Don't cut taxes and then say you have to cut Medicaid and other vital programs!
We all know that is what they will do.
How about #KeepYoHealthcare? That would be more financially beneficial to families than any measly tax cut you can conjure up.
You should be ashamed yourself for lying to Americans....oh wait, you're republican.
Never mind....
We all want u & @GOP to #StopYoLies. This plan helps only the very wealthy #StopYoLies Tim
we do not want to see taxes come down for those with incomes over 450,000- why should rich get richer
And about the deficit?
Huh. Agreed provided they are paying taxes. Wait, do you mean payroll taxes like ss and Medicare? If so, can these programs afford it?
Or, you could raise the minimum wage and support Medicare for All and improve the standard of living for everyone.
If that is what this Trillion-Dollar Trojan Horse did, you might have a point. What you really meant to say is, "We're robbing you blind."
Are you for real? Did you get a day pass out of new black city? 
You and Don Lemon going out for a pumpkin spice latte? 
#KeepYoMoney
Raise the Capital Gains Tax so people who live off inherited money will at least pay a comparable rate to working folks.
Capital gains don't only happen to heirs...
That's true. But people who live only off investment income should pay more than 15%. Even Buffett agrees
Sounds right!
If you raise taxes to corporations then they will outsource or move outside the country. =less jobs and everyone will complain about no jobs
You. Are. A. Fool.
Stepping N fetching for da GOP....TF is wrong with you?
cutting taxes for billionaires/corporations seems like an odd way to get there #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
Then do something, the current plan, if you want to call this mysterious proposal a plan, sucks

How about you #keepyourintegrity! Stop selling out.
Taxes need to come down for ALL working people of ALL income levels. No one should be penalized for working hard no matter what they make.
Can I get an amen?
As a constituent, I follow you to know what BS you're peddling. I get it: tax breaks for the rich. Now pls stop, it's embarrassing.
How when corporate pays so little & those with the least pay the most!
You ought to be a shame of yourself.
Stop tweeting and do some actual work to better our country!
#StopYoLies, Senator--this plan explodes the deficit & only helps wealthy. #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
Tax plan is benefit for the rich- stand up for little guy- vote against cuts for rich or are you worried about donations from the rich
EVERY seat in the House and Senate, regardless of party and the political rhetoric they spew purely for soundbytes, is bought by the rich...
Then go back to the drawing board sir because this plan isn’t it.
Nice steppin fetchit routine, now how about you join reality and the 21st century.
The Federal Government is double-taxing senior citizens, help stop this abuse by signing this petition: http://fwact.org/ErsTwgA 
Who is we, Tim Scott? Your GOP buddies want tax cuts for rich people and corporations and tax increases for the middle class.
and chain gangs and reopened FDR internment camps as well. No there yet.
Yes we. So why is Ryan involved?? He cannot benelievec
I want to see all taxes come down as well as entitlement spending
Thank you Senator for continuing to do what you promised. We HAVE to help working Americans, most of whom have NO savings.
Rich people live paycheck to paycheck too 
Opinions differ.
Translation from @GOP obfuscation: "We (in Congress) all want to see taxes come down for our wealthy campaign donors."
Then let the democrats do it. #fakefoxnews
Then the current tax plan of your party doesn't do that. Unless you guys want to lie.
#Complicit party over people more debt combined with wishful thinking
Do taxes on some real people. I'm a lower middle income retiree. I recomputed as best I could with sketchy numbers. My tax is up slightly.
But there's nothing I can do because there's two @GOP and i am not in the one that in control maybe next time suckers .Please vote for me.
Make certain you are on the ballot and ensure people see the world your way and get out to actually cast a ballot for you then.
Not one penny of tax cuts for the wealthy.  NONE!
#keepyourmoney
Why are all the tax cuts for the wealthy?
Because any tax cut that affects people who pay more in toto will like affect them more in toto.  Sound about right?
No, the tax cuts they are proposing will only benefit the rich.
Yet you can avoid taxes if married with kids up to about 50K income.. so like others, there are behavior driven tradeoffs.
That's not what I heard. I heard something about $1,000 and that's not gonna cut it.
Not having Secretary of HHS and Treasury chartering fancy planes on our dime would be a start. Maybe you all should start asking Qs? 

I hope it’s more successful than healthcare  #apprehensive
