I hope these people appreciate your courage and integrity.
Integrity?! 
yes integrity
he stood before a bunch of losers!
a Soros plant I bet!
No Soros money here. Work Full time, raise two kids, and am a volunteer activist in my "free time".
can't take crooked Hillary losing huh.
so tell US who do you work for THE GOP or the people of SC, to me you are not working for SC
weird, to me he is doing both brilliantly.
you were asked about the problems of mass incarceration/private prisons & you dodged. Said edu was the real  issue 
When I asked about the ethics of companies making $ on inmates & human rights viol you shouted over me & wouldn't answer.
oh & this. Can't say something taped to my shirt would have been a view obstruction
this was affixed to my shirt as paper article of clothing. Security forced me to remove. What's y'all's issue w/free speech 
are you coming to Columbia for a town hall? We'd love to have you here.
@CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi 2hr Town Hall appreciated.Will you, colleagues listen to voices of Constituents?
 your town hall wasn't a town hall  #Indivisible's statement says it all http://counton2.com/2017/02/25/indivisble-charleston-responds-to-sen-scotts-town-hall/ … #TheResistance #Resist
400 of Indivisible members showed up? Sounds like you tried to flash mob him.Your graphics say it all. Love TS!
What graphics? And it's not flash mobbing, people have genuine concerns about inept Drumpf & Co. healthcare, etc
We all know how it works. We are not stupid. Wait for it..................................name calling to follow
Nope, I don't do name calling, I'm not a Drumpf supporter. Enlighten me "how it works", please?
Gald you are my Senator. Keep up the good work!
#TrumpRussia #Treason
- still waiting to see you.  Your office has refused to answer any of our request.  Please reach out.
yet you will do absolutely nothing to honestly Andreas those concerns. Time for a change in this seat.
Why weren't signs allowed?
Words can be used to persuade and mobilize action especially if your ? isn't "chosen" @IndivisibleTeam
As a constituent, I want MY voice heard; a sign would ensure it would at least be seen.
And what guarantee us there another will speak MY concerns?
No way to tell if I don't get to speak; with a sign, I get to speak without using my voice.
This will effect SC tourism, especially since we get many snowbirds from Canada.
Thank you for coming out. All we want is a voice to represent us!
People in Charleston actually have manners and care about the subject. Good to hear TH was productive!
great to see you doing town hall, pls share some tips with @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz!
I VOTE FOR YOU N YOU DO A GREAT JOB IN SC, help Allendale county PLEASE it's awful
MCCORMICK JUST TOOK ANOTHER HIT FROM LEGISTLATURE. YOUR PROMISES ARE FAKE.
you, sir, are a class act.
Leadership!
appreciate you so much--hope you have your sights on bigger office:)
we love Tim Scott
We asked, we begged and  yet you voted yes on Devos. It will haunt you
i missed it, did you explain why you voted for Devos?  Aside from the money thing?
well done
- have tried to schedule meetings with your offices in SC and D.C. - unsuccessful.  Any hope for appointment this week
You got a ways to go before you have @TomCottonAR courage. Face your constituents without censorship next time.
From what I understand only ? submitted & approved prior were allowed.  How does this allow meaningful dialogue?
I wish you had given more complete answers today or allowed for follow up questions
thank you for having meetings instead of hiding
just an embarrassment
Please. Listen to them all.  There are compromises possible.
I am glad to see you are true to the GOP, and will pick which ?'s you will answer, and only allow 200 to attend
@Liberals_R_Lame Tim Scott is an outstanding individual, that America should be honored to have represent us.
I agree!  He is an amazing person.   Smart, intelligent and not jaded by hate.  Glad see him as a Senator.
Haley/Scott 2020
is a recording available of the town hall meeting ?
If you ever run for higher office you've got my vote.
keep up the good work.
take your time Tim.
@pambesteder I love this man. 
Tim Scott 2024
Sorry, I missed it, keep up the awesome work!
What, no OFA protesters at your town hall?
When will you be in the Upstate?
good for you, a politician who represents the people.
thank YOU for the job you do. Some would have heard you had they not been shouting themselves.
when are you having a town hall meeting in Columbia?
you should not be afraid to let your constituents carry signs or ask questions without having to put them in writing.
It's not a protest.  It's a town hall. And lately people have shown there's a need for order.
We don't agree on much, but you showed up and spoke up, more so than many senators have. Thank you!
He deserves credit for showing up.
yeah right polite
This is what being a senator is about.  Thank you for your example Senator Scott.
#TRUSTtheTRAIN
I hope everyone was respectful coutrteous.
I love town halls. Which constituents did you meet with? Exxon or Tyson foods?
You're a coward and a liar.
Thank you for being man enough to hold one.  Tell your amigo @reppittenger to man up and face us- his constituents.
sounds as though the town wall went well. This is my South Carolina
Defund Planned Parenthood.
i admire your strength sir.
Grateful you hosted. I hope you were listening and will represent the will of your constituents in DC.
Tim Scott good man proud to have you as my senator keep up the good work
your are the man. Hope you run for President one day.
Really appreciated this and your commitment to Head Start, Senator!
good man. keep listening.
We hope you heard our thoughts and concerns
Keep up the good work.
good show Senator.
Why is it that ur a republican senator and no one has PAID protested u?
your a great man 
Was it civil?
