Sounds so similar to turd on the hill.  Fitting
l thought we were tight boo
I'm sure you're angling to have him block investigation into @POTUS bc it'll reveal the shit on your own hands.
really? Intelligence? The Russians put a wannabe dictator into the White House and you come up with this?traitor
Russians didn't hack this!
actually you have no idea at this point what Russians hacked , only that they did.  And until the truth comes out, no one knows
Obama has said that the voting machines weren't hacked & Trump won. We are all Americans and need to move forward! 
if 2 people in each district in Michigan , Fla, Wv, and PA changed their vote the election goes the other  way, hacking affected
http://usuncut.com/news/trump-busy-tweeting-provide-disaster-relief-tornado-ravaged-mississippi/ …
more like turdonthehill or steamingpileofshitonthehill
I am sick of your bullshit. women's march and 3 million voters say you and your PATHOLOGICAL PRESIDENT are loser
enjoy this short lived victory. I think America has seen your true faces
will he investigate voter fraud, that Trump is so convinced about?
what a waste of money.
Durbin the career politician will always be against potus. Thinks people need health care they can't use
love him!!! Great pic!
so your plan is to piss off the world.
more like Turd on the hill !! You people have no idea what you are doing.. Shit show......!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ I was turned down by FBI,CIA, Secret Service.They said no qualified.I just retired with18 years of Service and a Top Secret
bs
There's intelligence in the House? Who knew.
- duh Ruml wrote gov not needing taxes in 1946. Yet economists and politicians don't understand. Crazy. http://home.hiwaay.net/~becraft/RUMLTAXES.html …
Is this an alternative fact?
go home your drunk
Feel sorry for you to have to tolerate Trump. He's all yours .... enjoy
the GOP and intelligence seem to be mutually exclusive.
TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR,TRAITOR
ALMOST SET TO DESTROY GOVERNMENT FROM WITHIN YOUR WET DREAM COME TRUE
#Russia
He must be Russian than if you approve! Or are your comments #alternativefacts #ImpeachDonaldTrump
so clearly, with your support, he is an ignorant sociopath. Got it.
And Paul Ryan is Trump's "best in show" dog, groveling so well
congrats to turdonthehill!!
Congrats to @HurdOnTheHill from a turd on the hill.
Great selection. Congratulations.
I hope he sets the record straight. He has to do a good job, be apolitical, honest and dedicated.
or @TurdOnTheHill?
Impeach Trump now!
Liar.
a media block? Does this sit well with you when you are alone with your thoughts?
Great job Paul!
Ryan let one paper come up missing about Trump and America will remember what u said today when he goes 2 jail
@SenatorTimScott You disgust me falling right in line with the Cheeto in Chief. Do you even remember what your real job is?
@jackflackdaily
I am opposed to block granting Medicaid and Medicare. A fellow American and a constituent
stop whining and do something about it Trump is not the cause
reinstitute the us calvary to protect our borders
border patrol thats short staffed use drowns use hellicopters instead of killing the protected mustangs
so many people who are supposed to be grown ups whining like children if ur life sucks so bad its your own fault
what is wrong with you?
thanks 4 taking a break from legislating women against our will-
@TurdOnTheHill
we once had the us calvary with forts monitoring our borders time to give our military a new job helping the
all you people saying not my President need to leave America cause you are not a true American
When the leader is a puppet America can no longer look at you as a leader. Russian epidemic has changed USA.
Russians didn't hack this!
canadian and mexican
pass a bill to monitor mosks in this country before something bad happens and order the militaryto watch borders
look @ the mirror and you will see a real face of an idiot!!!!!
Let's hope some of his intelligence rubs off on the Democrats! They are so out of control.
I didnt think it was possible to live w/o a heart (or a brain), but @GOP & @realDonaldTrump have defied that too
Protect medicare and social security and ACA you promised.
1st -impeach 2nd-impeach 3rd-impeach 4th - Will Hurd to replace Trump!
Collusion with a foreign gov't is still illegal  or are those Alt-facts now. All I see now is corruption.
Russians didn't hack this!
whose reality are you living in?
It's prove Russians didn't hack the vote. Ongoing investigation into that fake dossier will prove that.
that doesn't prove anything.  I'm not one of your gullible fools.
No, you are left wing who is upset b/c Hillary didn't win. You will never accept the results until you have a Dem sitting in WH.
Wake up. You are loosing your insurance,  your kids will not have any education soon. You will no longer have fresh water soon.
More choices for insurance & schools! You liberals keep believing what @chuckschumer is saying. Time will tell. 1/2
BTW love you Ryan! <3 keep it up
should really start dropping those age restrictions... lol jk I'm sure we'll cover his ass
#didmyvotecount
what about every language in the world and their mathematical background?
I've got the turn Trump into kittens app.  I need one for you too cos everytime I see your face I wanna puke.
we'll see... kind of old... does he know binary mixed with metal distal codexing for frequency rates?
^5 Fan of  Mr. Hurd
Mr Ryan, if  POTUS needs 1 Trillion Dollors FOR infrastructure it will be done.  Not on the waste OBOMA did!!
@SenatorTimScott @HurdOnTheHill its Paul Ryan's fault the Packer defense was trash on Sunday
sure he would be fucked off some women in Mideast cannot get access to safe abortions now. Need coathangers!
it won't matter if our water is poisoned #nopipeline
- stop catch & release at border NOW. !
congrats to Putin for all the republican support
Russians did hack the vote!
I do like the cabinet choices mainly
Nothing you say has any weight whatsoever, from now on.  #traitor.  #hypocrite .
Will you sign my petition? Click here to add your name: 

http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/trump-must-prove-voter?source=c.fwd&r_by=13240806 …
You say hes wrong prove it
we know Pence is in charge how come he never leaves Trumps side keeping an eye on him?
U should b condemning @potus @realDonaldTrump 4 treating our democracy like garbage. Lets vote again c who wins?
CIA operative and IT specialist? Fantastic choice. So far, this administration is making the right picks. #MAGA
your background as a soulless sellout make you an obvious pawn of this fascist regime.
We know how seriously the GOP takes intelligence. Your own leader has risked their lives with his lies.
Damn Pall I saw this and when why are you Congrating @turdonthehill but whatever More important things.. http://www.usconstitution.net/xconst_Am25.html …
You suck!
Hope so because we will be paying attention
Your brand of "obvious" is more than a little suspect.
I don't care who you are, that is HILARIOUS!


time for compulsory voting.
