including @HillaryClinton who happens to be running for POTUS!
Pull HRC clearance!!
Hillary uses Maffia like tactics people are afraid to testify or leak

ASOLUTELY!! IMMEDIATELY! ALONG WITH HILLARY AND ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED!
By all means. And since Hillary is not in contention, her clearance needs suspended/revoked as well.
please report on Clinton pedophile ring and Epstein Lolita express #spiritcooking
The Danger of Anchor Babies
 @HumaAbedin 
Amend the Law Now
Well when you are elected king we will listen to ur crap
another bore
I HAVE JUST SEEN PODESTA'S "SPIRT DINNER"THESE DEM ARE SO SICK, U WILL PRAY TRUMP WINS ONCE YOU SEE IT
. The criminals are in charge of the investigation. Want justice. Vote. Trump
Fox NEWS IS SO ONE SIDED.. too much sex for real news!!..did I just say that..silly me,still one sided
#HugBunnyHuma doesn't even have a clearance
TRUE! Also @HillaryClinton she is unfit to handle the material! #HillaryIndictment #ClintonCrimeFamily
thank goodness you only represent #Oklahoma
Until solid ground is established security clearances should be revoked look at recklessness already. Retrain YES
hilLIARy should have hers revoked! And never have it reinstated again. Dishonesty is her only quality!
By law, @FBI Comey and Lynch should have clearances suspended pending criminal investigations.
I worked TS Crypto SAR SCIF etc. for over 40 years.  Believe me, this has been a criminal fiasco.
Since you're a novice green horn, you might not know, a clearance can be "flagged" or suspended, etc.
Is it true that her brother is a Officer in MuslimBrotherhood could it be that she may have contacted
man that would be 99% of the system, let's do it
i like this guy
Huma has known terrorist ties. Pleople like her should have zero clearance.
Of course they should! Along with HRC! It is insane that HRC wouldn't get a job at 7/11 but can run for President.
What the hell type country runs candidate strong chance indicted? Corrupt country Planned day1 JesuitK
Agree.
Revoke clearences and stop talking.  Just do it.
Responsible govt entity needs to revoke clearences
Exactly.
When leaving Gov't work, all security clearances should be deleted. 

Let new employer re-apply.
Apparently Huma is hosting a fundraiser tonight w/Anna Wintour & Diane Von Furstenberg.
Good point. The common person would have their clearance revoke
COMMON SENSE
Damn skippy!
VOTE TRUMP Pence November 8
Clinton too! She's behind all of it!
Take their passports NOW
Why haven't they been?  HRC's too.She cannot maintain any confidentiality except about her own secrets
They don't have clearances Now idiots. They don't work for the U.S. Government at the present time. @HumaAbedin @SenatorLankford
you may be technically right, but hilLIARy did allow them UNAUTHORIZED access. Jail 4 her!
Along with Crooked Hillary!
sad these women cheryl mill jennifer plamieri danabrazile huma lauretta lynch hillary abused power
Clearance revoked FOREVER! #HillaryIndictment
dear senator did you take IA training this year? I question you even know what you are talking about
In an Administration guided by law and ethics yes, with Obama's justice will be served when hell freezes over! The most corrupted admin!
The whole Clinton people should have no clearance whatsoever including Hillary !!
hope you get up and do something about it! None of these people should have access to anything.
lock all the looser felons up
watching shepard smith is like watching cnn he has to go!
I think all their accusers need their security clearance suspended.
If you're using Wikileaks as your source to accuse anybody, your Security clearances should be revoked
I hope this is a real investigation and not just another ruse from the government
Hillary, most of all, needs to have her clearance revoked.
who would be in charge of that? The DOJ?
he is absolutely right
@BDOH @HumaAbedin - heard FBI has someone in office today that is singing like the canary in the coal mine is that good ?

Republicans also hate due process and The uncomfortable parts of the constitution
ABSOLUTELY
Not with Nobama still around. He relishes destruction of USA
she is not in govt, why do they have clearances still?
#MAGA3X
ANYONE under federal investigation for mishandling classified info should have their clearance suspended! Including @HillaryClinton
Couldn't agree with you more.
In the @real classified world" it would have done. Clearances pulled until investigation completed.
Could not agree more!  These criminals are serious security risk!
And Trump should be in-prisoned until his rape charges are cleared up

Yay   @FoxNews @HumaAbedin @SenatorLankford @AtlZachMil                  @iVisionMobile @extremetruckers @BLMNYC @HFA
Also, Clinton campaign should no longer have security briefings, banned from Federal buildings.
@HillaryClinton and take their passports  away or they are gone by monday. #Hillaryindictment
Hillary should also be added to that list!!!!
is he old enough to be a Senator? someone check his ID
trust me he's old enough and also made it known how much our govt spends on bs crap.
Never happen. This group is above the law! That's why Trump is soaring.

Senator, We the People are demanding their security clearances be revoked immediately. #USVet
Including HRC , Obama, and DOJ
I agree these people should all have their clearances revoked!! Obama and Hillary are covering up!
100% agree
Trump fell more than $900 million into debt amid 6 bankruptcies in the 1990 & had to give creditors control over spending
Freeze the Clinton F. monies & watch the worms squrim! No salaries, rent, trips, dining WOW!!!
I just assumed it would be protocol to revoke huma whatever spies hillarys crew have been shown. NOT!

absolutely
Why?
you have to ask? Just awaken from a coma?
this man made perfect sense! Refreshing
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/observer.com/2016/11/wikileaks-clintons-sell-political-favors-to-clinton-foundation-donors/amp/&ved=0ahUKEwjo_8LgoI3QAhXLSSYKHURFCO0QqUMIHDAA&usg=AFQjCNFCRWyGOT1qy4VQIxh_qOUgwX6L5Q …
YES! Sick of these people being treated differently
LOL ANOTHER REPUBLICAN WHO SHOULD B VOTED OUT NEXT WEEK! REPUBLICAN PARTY NEEDS TO DISBAND! OVERDONE!
So why is HRC getting away with this? Someone has to arrest her before she destroys us!
couldn't agree more! She's already planning to continue her corruption with top secret info! GREED
That's what would happen In a NORMAL World - But in our world it only happens to regular folks
Absolutely! INDEED!!
Absorbing the full volume of corruption & lies coming from team Hillary is like trying to drink from a fire hose.
