cite sources please.
@suicide_romance @SenatorLankford and Senator, Wikipedia is not a source
but Wikipedia HAS sources. My mind is blown!
yeah, like my cat. She has a few on there. Huge Kardashian fan
#OvertimeRule
- Who? Most employers and economists agree: overtime pay grows the economy & saves small businesses money.
Smooth pivot. 
Why'd you delete this? 
Let me put it back up for you. 
@SenatorLankford
Another phony hiding behind the crutch of Christ. To hide your weakness with mythology is the sign of a true coward. Own it
how many vacation days did you guys get for doing nothing the last 6 years?
Here's an idea. Before proposing ANY cuts in other's benefits, cut your own salary and benefits first. #hypocrite
where are your sources? Practice evidence-based decision making please, not just what your golf buddy says he heard.
. Are you kidding me...Make America Broke Again!!!.. #payovertime
If you can't run business w/o exploiting workers, GET OUT, let someone qualified do it. You want to subsidize failure!
Bullshit
so all of u run on bldg the midclass but u wont increase wages, lower housing costs and u want workers 2 wk w/o protections
Sir? Maybe you should take note that not one comment on your "achievement" was positive. Congratulations on your 2018 loss.
You know, sir that the voters in your state will remember that you betrayed them.
History says otherwise. As long as he promises to go after the abortionists & the gays & the Muslims, the voters are just fine.
@SenatorLankford They just need reminding on a regular basis that he took money out of the mouths of their children.
They won't care. I lived there for 7 years. As long as the fetuses are protected, that's all that matters.
<WhatHappensWhenTheWomanCarryingTheFetus  CanNotBuyEnoughFood 2HelpCarryItToTerm #SenPrick
Just say it, you hate Oklahoma's workers. Don't feed them a bunch of bullshit. @SenatorLankford
did you publish an economic impact analysis for this policy decision? Did u do a focus group?
oh ok. Just because you say so I guess. Complete crap. Shame on you.
Here's an idea, you lower your salary to, say $47,000, actually work a 40 hr week and survive on 1'salary'. Oh. No overtime
#overtimerule leads to less charitable services because people who get paid for ALL the hours they work don't NEED charity.
<NorCanThey #Donate 2A #Charity BecauseThey #CanNotAfford #ToFeedThemselves
Charity begins at home
You work 109 days a year. People who vote will not forget your callous disregard for honest hard working folks 60 hr weeks
#Prick
I hope there are enough businesses that will vote for u. Oh that's right they don't vote. Working people do. We know a con.
I work at a university. No one at my school lost their job. NO ONE.
Which one? OU had to cut and force retirement on hundreds of employees. 

@SenatorLankford
whatever you get for helping keep a boot on the throat of workers, I hope it's really nice JimJam. You worsen your country.
JimJam! I like that handle...JimJam Lankford. Ha! Perfect!

@SenatorLankford
Good to see @GOP asshats have not given up on sticking it to workers at every chance.
actually what arule like this does is encourages firms to employ the correct number of people if they are against paying OT
No-better consumption by workers who won't NEED charity to get by, self sufficient.We know higher incomes work 4 all.
#OvertimeRule
And removing it makes for nice sluggish economy.  When will the GOP learn if you don't pay us well, we don't buy stuff.
from a guy making $175,000 per year wants to screw the people who barely make their rent payments each month.
You make $174,000 to "work" less than 200 days a year.
that's mostly bullshit, but you know that JimJam. Big business will use leverage to threaten employees. Nothing changes.
LIAR! Where is your proof? You greedy SOB.
Workers receiving what they earned is better than charity. Shame on you trying to keep workers poor & dependent
BS. This is a travesty for the people you represent. Get your head out of the ground.
good job applauding the loss of extra money to workers who make far less money than you. You will get voted down.
@stevelackmeyer There is zero evidence to support that assertion. Why do you hate working people, Sen. Lankford?
@stevelackmeyer Which charities say this?  Seriously, please tell us which ones. I'd like to make sure I don't donate.
Nice to see that Oklahoma Republicans haven't gotten any less disgusting since I moved away.
.@SenatorLankford   You guys vote yourselves raises, right? We the People supposedly are your bosses but we don't get to limit YOUR pay.
my coworkers weren't being hurt by it, they were finally being paid for their hard work
You are a liar and a bad person.
Total overhead expenditures (incl.labor) = $0.00.
Total profit = 100%

This is not a sustainable model, Senator.
congratulations on your victory denying working people overtime you government parasite!
Yeah. You're serving some bodies, allright, but it's not the hard-working ordinary folks of OK or any other state.
Nope.
You suck. Can we cut your pay? Will you work for free? What's it like walking around without a soul?
Do you think it might put more money in families pockets? I'm sure it's ok to put more in the wealthiest people's pockets.
Less charitable is right. Do you not believe workers should be paid for their labor?
how?  You have anything to back this up?
#smallbusiness owners & college presidents have much nicer homes than I. Why don't they just contribute more to charity?
Do you even know what you're talking about? Or just spinning GOP talking points. Small business etc.
#baloney. Less pay means fewer dollars flowing through the economy, which is #bad.
How quickly we forget what theology teaches us
And you represent the people who benefit from overtime rules.
None of that is actually true but it's the typical con position. GOP will always screw you for big business lobbyists.
why would you need more charitable services if ppl are making enough?
Increased tuition happens anyway, job loss yea right, ppl give what they can & the GOP will always choose $ over families.
No mention of workers though.
Sure it does.. Citation please.
yeeha! Let's go back to the slack rules that let co's get away without paying people for working >40 hours Good Republican!
Scrooge comes to mind. Remember howvthat ended???
Hooray for fucking over the working class! 
Well I hope those charities aren't hoping to get money from the people you are so pleased to see paid less for more work.
yeah who wants to get paid for their extra work
No. New regs meant people either work 40 hrs or get paid OT for anything over 40. You're destroying middle class
People also said the same thing about not having slaves anymore. You are a sociopath.
except we've had record job growth, so you're clearly wrong.
This for you...
#
...from every under paid American working their asses off trying to provide for their family's.
No, it leads to people working more and getting paid less. Thanks. How dare you celebrate screwing over your constituents.
this is especially disgusting given the season. You should be ashamed of yourself.
More well paying or even fairly paying jobs should be the goal. When people are paid fairly they don't need charity. #Jerk
overtime to most in my office means that they eat, pay their bills and stay off welfare..... so....
delete your account
he's a lying POS. He has no research
Keep spinning, Mr Senator. You're are on track for one heck of a Christmas bonus from your donors. #HappyHolidays
which ones senator? Which small businesses? Name them.
How dare you not support your other constitutes that maybe don't donate to your campaign Lets have living wages #disgusting
monkeys also say they should be in charge of bananas.  You are celebrating taking money from your constituents pockets.
yeah, the ppl affected by this the most don't want to hear your excuses. You're a representative of THE PEOPLE!
Will someone think of the poor companies? Oh wait, the GOP will.
And a Merry Fucking Christmas to you and yours, as well.
Nope. Less money flowing into your economy and less growth. How do people like you get elected? You don't work for them.
Have you seen our Presidential election? @pnwrunnerlass @SenatorLankford
Your constituents must be thankful for making them poor. I bet you're really looking forward to the tax break for the rich.
Thanks, Scrooge. Coal for all your constituents this year.
Employees say overtime helps pay bills. Aren't they now forced to work extra hours with no pay or risk being fired?
And tens of thousands of working people say overtime is only fair for their hard work. And that they'd like to eat.
<cough> bullshit <cough>
