.@SenatorLankford, keep your prayers. Call us when you stop voting with @FRCdc 100% of the time *against* LGBTQ ppl.
no one cares about your prayers. We care about your actions.
if it's a horrific tragedy, it should prompt you to TAKE ACTION for stricter gun laws & background checks! #EndGunViolence
the blood of 50+ innocent Americans is on your hands. Luckily you can use all that @nra cash to wipe it off.
It was horrific, but not horrific enough to keep taking that NRA money, right?
Not much point in praying when you believe that all of the victims are going to Hell anyway. What a hypocrite.
Quit praying and do something. .. Oh wait you get money from the gun lobby you'll do nothing. .
@smith_lois @SenatorLankford the god they keep praying to, over and over and over, is either deaf or dead or doesn't care.
Your vote to protect the Second Amendment Rights of  those on the terror watch list seems inconsistent with your sympathy.
.@SenatorLankford but you will still accept NRA #BLOODMONEY and gladly vote to allow this to keep happening. Your words mean nothing. STFU
fuck your prayers. You and your party can't pray this away.  Nut up or shut up and do something about this gun violence.
return the $$ to the NRA if you want to do something, anything!
Why don't you introduce stricter gun control legislation? At least fund CDC research into fun violence. Please!!!!
please pass common sense gun regulations supported by majority of Americans to end gun violence epidemic.
then why don't you support stricter gun laws instead of accepting money from the NRA?
As someone who does bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
As someone who does bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
, vote for them. You voted against gun-control reform in December 2015. Time to reconsider your position. #Orlando
your prayers are killing us.DO something call pass gun reform NOW
So praying for Orlando is better than DOING something about it? Ban a gun. It won't hurt anyone. #BanTheAR15
then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! We don't need platitudes or prayers. Stop taking blood money. Stop being a coward.
I'm shaken by the fact that our senators do NOTHING to prevent gun violence. DO YOUR JOB.
Crocodile tears over and over unless you find it in your heart to try to stop these horrific tragedies. Will you?
Are you going to anything else to stop this from happening again or do you think that one tweet covered it?
you lie.
don't pray DO something, you self-righteous loser. Send the NRA's money back.
should have voted the other way huh?
do you pray for them before or after you cash your check from the NRA?
when you take money from the NRA you are part of the problem #EndGunViolence #ENOUGH gun control NOW
You take Gun Money don't you?
Tell you what. Donate the 3,500 bucks the @NRA gave you to the victims. Put up or shut up
Gun control then pray for victims Gun control then pray for victims Gun control then pray for victims
Your prayers are worthless. You and your party are pro-massacre. Carry NRA water, you're complicit.
Isn't there anything else we can do, other than pray?
we might believe that you care if you actually did something to stop the gun violence- this is lip service
do not vote for this guy !!!
Will you vote in favor of gun legislation to prevent this type of tragedy from happening again or pay lip service?
thought & prayers = nothing. but that's your thing, right?
#GOPYouOwnThis #NRABloodOnYourHands
.@SenatorLankford, please donate the $3500 you got from the NRA to @Center_Orlando. Much more effective than thoughts and prayers.
but you won't pass any meaningful gun legislation #hypocrite
AR 15 style weapons are weapons of war. Are you ok with war on Americans by other Americans?
stop praying
3500 dollars direct donation from the NRA.
We don’t want your prayers. We want action. Do something.
lying sack of  - how much $ have you taken from the NRA?
Why don't you keep your prayers to yourself and donate $3500 to your local LGBT charity.
Trump is right, ban Muslim immigration, they don't assimilate.
This was a US citizen with no criminal record and a license to own firearms.
Will your prayers also include hatred about the gay community as they do much of the time ?
*act of terrorism on the LGBTQ community. It's okay to say terrorism.
Do you do that at the same time that you fight to take LGBT rights away?
@SenatorLankford
