Maybe you & your cohorts should have thought about this when you refused to give Merrick Garland a HEARING. #selfawareness
The people (not only electoral college) gave Obama 4 more yrs. You spent 10 months refusing a hearing to his nominee!
but y'all did that to #barackobama and felt justified....  he wasn't under FBI Investigation like 45. What you got to say?
I agree! What you did with President Obama was horrible!!!!!
But that's the thing.. Dems WANT those two things to be extreme ideas. Repeat something often enough...
Nope. Nope. Nope.
How about delaying a vote or Garlland? Any difference there?
Not nearly as extreme as refusing to grant Merrick Garland a hearing.
but it was ok when you wouldn't vote on Obama's nomination? Can you explain that for me please
You can only filibuster a nomination brought to the floor.
Let's get Gorsuch confirmed. Prayer according to God's Word mixed w/faith always works
You are out of touch with the wants and needs of your constituents
how about refusing to hear a nominee? That seemed extreme.
Unbelievable. How you can continue to earnestly say these things is astonishing.
You obviously dont listen to your constituents. 99% against what you're doing Read your fb,twitter replies phone calls
Is that not the  same thing you and the  repubs did in disregarding the law when President Obama's appointee didn't even get a hearing.
Are you kidding me? What about #MerrickGarland who never got a vote?! Pot and kettle much?! #Gorsuch
Perhaps if the Senate had fulfilled their Constitutional duty this could have been avoided.  #SCOTUS
hypocrite.
#MerrickGarland
WHAT? WHAT DID YOU DO LAST YEAR W/Garland? Make up you mind please.
agreed. But please explain why Republicans did it with Garland.
Trump should not be allowed to nominate a Supreme Court justice in the final year of his presidency. Sound familiar?
except for an uppity negro who dared to become president. 2018 is comming.
What goes around comes around. #MerrickGarland
or not even affording a nominee an opportunity to goto committee. #comradetrump
playing by the rules the republican party started
so is not even allowing a hearing on a nominee #Merrick
How hard did you fight to get a hearing for Garland? He is a legitimate SCOTUS nominee. GOP plays so dirty.
hypocrite much?
member this qualified guy named Merrick Garland? Just as qualified as Gorsuch. Ask McConnell what his medicine tastes like.
Your hypocrisy on this issue is infuriating. Garland is a qualified judge, appeales to moderates. Remember the Golden Rule?
Are you serious, @SenatorLankford? A year of refusing to even hear Garland and NOW you claim high ground?
Enough with the hypocrisy already!
Funny how you shoot your mouth off when the crybaby GOP doesn't get their way but you did the EXACT SAME THING with Garland
You really should stop while you are ahead. You're losing credibility w/every tweet you post.
Hypocrite.
stop with the hypocrisy.  Please. NO ONE is buying it. Find ways to reach across the aisle instead of finger pointing.
#Gorsuch is tainted by @realdonaldtrump like his other nominees and appointments. Stop playing politics and start thinking.
isn't that part of the democratic process?
Are you really going there? Evidently, a year wasn't too long. #MerrickGarland
Please stop being a hypocrite!!!!! No Trump paid SCOTUS!!!!!!!
DON'T u have memory issues? Did not the GOP do the same to Obama's SCOTUS nominee? What is different now?
How about refusing to hear Judge Merrick Garland?  Constitution override by Republican Senators.  We don't forget!
Except for when the Rs don't even allow a hearing for the SCOTUS nom from a D Prez, right? It's totally fair then.
Then why did GOP do it to Merrick Garland?
Unbelievable. Who is paying you?  #hypocrisy #partyovercountry
Selective outrage. Remember not allowing a vote on Merrick Garland?
Then what is your defense of how #MerrickGarland was treated by your caucus? Wasn't that just filibuster by another name?
. @SenatorLankford Stop this hypocrisy, Senator! The GOP sat on a nomination for almost a year, a serious, unprecedented, EXTREME action.
BS do not act butt hurt about this was legal 4 Obama elect judge it's time 4 all congress to #growup
just go nuclear and get on with nations business!
Really???????? How about not even holding hearings for a nominee????
#finaltermlankford
Hypocrite!
Merrick Garland, or do you suffer from short term memory loss?
Merrick.

Garland.
Uhhh...if they can, it's probably a rule in the book someplace, right?
Im a registered Republican and want Gorsuch confirmed but this statement is so hypocrital.
he's extremely qualified. I hope you will support his nomination. Go nuclear if it comes down to it.
You. Have. Got. To. Be. Kidding.
#MerrickGarland was selected by @POTUS44 but denied hearing. Current admin is under investigation.  No hearing until clear.
you see the irony here right? You. Did. The. Same. Damn. Thing. It's not even been a year since you all blocked Garland.
So is just refusing to vote at all on Pres. Obama ' s nominee.  Hypocrisy, thy name is Republican.
When that nomination is motivated by money and party over people and country, protest is the moral action.
Trump should not be allowed a SCOTUS nomination while under investigation.
how about voting to sell my personal information into ISP's?
Merrick Garland.   Hypocrisy seems to fit you well here.  Glass houses, anyone?
G is a generational disaster. Ignored 1usc8 and tortured corp. law to make Hobby Lobby dec. comport with holding.
If a US Supreme Court nominee cannot get 60 votes, he or she should not be on the court.  Gorsuch wouldn't answer questions
Use the Nucular option the democrats created. Com'on people let's move forward and please stop crying over spilt milk!
#MerricGarland
You know who voted for a bill to allow Internet Service Providers to sell your web history? 
This message bought & paid for by The Koch Bros.
Nope it's not. Good thing Reid gave us the nuclear button.
@All100Senators Abe Fortas, 1968
Rule of Law?!? AG Sessions & EPA Pruitt both LIED at their Senate confirmation. Meanwhile Yates fired for truth-telling.
we see you senator. We see how fake and hypocritical you are. I hope others do too.
what about refusing to hold hearings on a duly nominated appointee? #Garland
You're such a hypocrite. You should not be a senator of anything.
Really? You see no irony in tweeting this after giving no hearing to the the first nominee?
You have a very short memory. Weren't you in office when Merrick Garland was nominated? Tell me how it's different.
your political hypocrisy knows no bounds.
If Rule of Law actually matters to you, call for Independent Comm. Nunes obstructs justice, puts national security at risk.
but it isn't extreme to block Garland?
LOL ok. Hypocrites.
didnt the GOP with Merrick Garland?
Why weren't you this vocal when your own party was doing it to the last president ?
Seriously?!? Merrick Garland.....
an easy solution to avoid a filibuster: reject Gorsuch in a bipartisan manner.
NOT 1 of the 3 branches of U.S. government is adhering to the U.S. Constitution law! Not one!
Ha! GOP has been Obstructing through all of Obama Admin. SCOTUS seat belongs to GARLAND!
This SCOTUS nominee is not suited.  Too many problems with past rulings and right wing bent.  Need someone in middle.
Yet you and the GOP refused to hold hearings last year. #MerrickGarland ring a bell?
Refusing to even hold a hearing for a well-qualified nominee wasn't extreme?  Do unto others...
