You mean the ledge on which stands out democracy? The one Russia sought to and is succeeding at destabilizing?
The ledge our current President apparently took our democracy, either by gross incompetence or malfeasance?
If the Republican party isn't issuing spines, try and grow one on our behalf and clean this house?
"Keep this in context?"  Perjury from the nation's top law enforcement officer?  I assume by context, you mean #trumprussia
No you are ridiculous. You choose party over country and state EVERY time
Agree. However, have you ever called for a resignation? What was the scenario?
.@SenatorLankford it's is not ridiculous to expect honesty. It is ridiculous to assume any @realDonaldTrump appointees are being truthful.
I wish you would jump off the ledge. #townhall #childrenofthecorn
"This is the most lying administration in memory.... blatant lying is now the norm. Serve your PEOPLE not your party!!!!
looking forward to your next campaign season!!! #NoMoreLankford
#Oklahomans revere honesty and integrity! At the very least he must recuse himself. Not a political issue-an American issue
but recuse should B followed by 9/11like investigator 
In terms you can understand, see Exodus 20:16.

I'll say. I have requested next week's protest schedule from Dems so I can pace my hysteria.
We???
I agree with the senator a call of recognition for talking to an ambassador from Russia that's ridiculous
to be sure the calls are because he gave false testimony about talking to any Russian officials
Liars r auto guilty. No 1 ever lies 2 protect their innocence. It's ridiculous w/o more evidence.
...got the ax for the same thing, not for talking to them but lying to @mike_pence Lying to the senate is kinda important
If ur looking for someone who's perfect, then we're all hypocrites. So where do we draw the line?
...statements concerning what was and is one of the biggest controversies of the past 12 months, and everything he's asked.
The Senator question was, Did u meet w/ r/amb to talk about U.S. campaign? Session said. NO. He met w/ r/amb 2 talk other thng.
That's interesting b/c he was paying for his first trip where he met Rus on campaign dime. Why would Rus want to meet w/...
P.S. Hold a town hall in Oklahoma.
there will be no busses.  Cars.   Our bus system socks like a vacuum cleaner
Really? According to Jeff Sessions, perjury is a disqualifying action for a cabinet post & downright illegal. #Sessions
.@SenatorLankford When is your next town hall?
is hell freezing over anytime soon?
Overreaction? We'll see. Wish you were protecting us instead of the GOP.
got to protect that oil money that lines his and evry other politician from Oklahomas pockets
It is neither ridiculous nor inappropriate. Are you committed to the truth?
resignation is not ridiculous.   Premature maybe but that time may be close.
oh James.. bless your heart. No one is mad he spoke w/ Russians, just that he lied under oath! It's called #Perjury #Ethics
it is always the cover up that causes the problems
How can we trust a liar to uphold Justice?
You are a ridiculous hypocrite.
It's beyond disappointing to see you defending and falling on the sword for a POTUS who didn't even win the OK GOP primary.
What's ridiculous is the sheer volume of liars that inhabit the WH, admin/Senate/yadda yadda yadda. What are they hiding?
Loretta Lynch was wrong and should have been investigated. It doesn't give a free pass for #Sessions
what happened to Bill Clinton when he "Lied Under Oath". Hypocrites
Have you ever met with the Russian ambassador? Is that part of your normal course of action?
we need an independent investigator to get to the The bottom of the Trump administration and the Russian connection
All I see here is work to vote you out next time around. And I know how to put in work. Enjoy your fading time.
Please relay your message to Cole, Chafetz, Isla, Collins, Portman, Labrador, and Graham!  They ALL own AG Sessions apology
Get your own self together. You're an expendable GOP waterboy w Koch $$. Release A Statement. Stop w the videos. #DoYourJob
If you want credibility then subpoena DJT tax returns. Also, schedule a town hall.
wrong. #noconfidence in #liarsessions means he should #ResignSessions now. Too many questions YOU're not asking! SHAME on U
#JeffSessions lied under oath, but he should never have been AG in first place. Coretta understood him perfectly. #Resign
he lied under oath!
you need to stop supporting foolishness !  Sessions lied at his confirmation hearings! I  u are not a liar also
No, but lying during his confirmation hearing about it - is a reason for resignation. Just like Flynn's lie to @VP
Amen Sen Lankford...Very well said. Thank you for injecting a little common sense. There is a short supply in DC
It might be part of the job, but perjury isn't.
amen!
Wow.  Way to double down, Senator.  Show some backbone and call for an investigation. Your constituents deserve one.
Party over Country until it gets too politically inconvenient for you. Your playbook is so predictable. Enjoy your descent.
why? He has lost a tremendous amount of credibility by lying to congress. Time to get real and move beyond partisanship.
agreed, but surely you can support his recusing himself. I didn't misunderstand his equivocating during Senate testimony.
I'm glad you stand up for values such as perjury. Keep it up!
You've been gaslighted, hillbilly. Where's your sense of patriotism? The GOP HAS LOST IT MORAL COMPASS
The context: America's top lawyer lied twice, under oath, about his Russian contacts. We just fired the NSA over the same.
got to go. This will linger forever
Also, I wouldn't hire an attorney who lied under oath.  Don't you think the AG should be held to a higher standard?
The majority of rational Americans know Sessions was not lying when he answered in the context of the question. #Desperate
Oh, lying is okay? Is that what you teach your kids? SMH
HE LIED!!!!!!
u GOP'S need to take serious the illegal, lying, unqualified people u placed in positions they don't belong in
Good to know lying under oath is an Oklahoma Value that you will bravely defend.
Really? Our highest ranking legal officer LIED TO CONGRESS! How can he lead? How can he be trusted. You're ridiculous! @SenatorLankford
I think it is clear he cannot be involved with the investigation, however.
He lied to YOUR body, YOUR colleagues, & YOU & the American people. Plus he & your ilk were apoplectic abt Clinton lies.
Yet things keep coming out and GOP stands by. What will we learn next? Lots of smoke here.
Perhaps. But it would solve the problem that he shouldn't have become AG in the first place.
can we agree that lying under oath is a huge problem
ok listened. 1) Lynch did recuse herself 2) Yes, clearly this rises to the same level 3) good that Sessions recused himself
So I guess it's ok to lie under oath? Only follow the law when it doesn't affect republicans.
Yes, let's get some context from an independent investigation. Russian connections are no joke.
he lied he is the attorney general he lost his moral standing he should leave Plenty respectable republicans can do the job
No he lied to America, Do your job! Are a stooge of Trumpie? You do not represent Oklahoma, just Trumpie!
I agree senator you need to call the libartds out @SenWarren @SenFranken @chuckschumer all fake liars
it is obvious he has lost all cred or committed perjury. Get real
How much is Putin paying you to say that?
I respectfully disagree. He lied during his confirmation to a clear question of any discussions with #Russia. #JeffSessions
last I checked perjury was illegal. Why do you normalize this?
perjury? Now that's OK with you? We won't forget this.
No it is not ridiculous. You siding with him is ridiculous and an embarrassment to Oklahomans. #DoYourJob
What r u afraid will be found if Russia/Trump relations fully investigated?  Are you involved?
Not ridiculous, precipitant. Investigation first, then evidence decides. @SenatorLankford @GOP @TheDemocrats @senrobportman #Indivisible
but is it? He lied under oath to Congress. If it were me or anyone normal we wouldn't be treated as such
Why didn't he say "l met with the Russians as a senator, not as part of the Trump campaign"? If he didn't lie, he's dumb.
want to take his place then?
Why r u on the news entertainment network? Why not speak w/verified journalists? U look & actNormalButThenUopen ur mouth.
please understand this is a serious issue and asking for 1 or maybe 8 investigations isn't too much to ask.
No, it's not, and we're not crazy, so stop talking like we are. Your post is the very definition of gaslighting.
You are what is called a hypocrite. Perhaps you have read that word before? Somewhere? Anywhere?
why is it okay to have the highest law enforcement official in the US lie under oath?
So it's okay to commit Perjury then?? He LIED under oath.  You sir are ridiculous.
why are republicans so quick to dismiss that he LIED. You guys are the worst.
No need 2 distract from economic agenda since that's disgrace too. Why did Sessions lie if mtg was innocent? #FireSessions
Do you agree that Sessions needs to recuse himself from the investigations regarding Russia? @TheOklahoman @tulsaworld
Now, Today, is the time for the GOP to be for the good of all the ppl not just the GOP! #eyesonyou
but why didn't he correct the record when he had several opportunities?
Lying under oath is now acceptable to you?  Your ethics have fallen to a new low. This Okie Rep regrets voting for you.
No it's not.
what's ridiculous is your flat-out refusal to hold a town hall. We are holding you accountable and you are hiding from us.
he lied, under oath, about having contact with Russian officials during the election. What else has he lied about?
.@SenatorLankford Your ok with our nation's AG lying under oath? Stop backing party over morality! #doyourjob #resist
how could a racist like that be confirmed? Shame on the GOP.
THIS WHOLE THING IS BS. CLINTON &JARRETT ON TARMAC OK? I HAVE NO TRUST IN FBI AT ALL SHAME
what evidence do you have? Comey led the investigation. You have no idea how system works.
receiving head&lying about it < speaking w/ Russian ambassador twice&lying about it after other admin mems have resigned for similar reasons
your example is not the same. Clinton was not a foreign ambassador.
While it would be normal, Sessions was a Trump surrogate. If it was so innocent, why lie under oath? There's your context.
Thank you Senator for speaking common sense!
perjury is cool brah? He has lost all cred. This will linger forever
Yeah, cause who cares if the AG is a liar?
He lied. Under oath. How is that ridiculous?
I was pretty young then but didn't someone get impeached over this in the 90's? Is this a Dems only thing?
Pruitt lied. Sessions lied. How do we trust any of you if you blindly support liars?
So is ok he lied under oath?
Not as ridiculous as your war against the American burying beetle.
What's ridiculous is you're ok with him flat out lying under oath & you cite president's favorite "news" channel. #wrong
in other words, stop shielding your party, and start looking out for your country. You'll be held accountable too.
What's the context? It appears that he lied, or very narrowly avoided lying, to the Senate in verbal and written testimony?
I think it's safe to say if this were a Clinton/Dem cabinet, GOP would be on a massive witch hunt.
Charge dems for making slanderous statements and spreading malicious lies.
