Kochs have cut off funds for Senate GOP until ACA is repealed. This stupidly harmful bill is only about money money money.
and they donated Bigly to @SenatorLankford
He's got Kochs.  We got votes.
lol. Catchy.
A Koch and no smile? LOL

I, too, will be calling your office. I have no hope of changing your mind, but I will be calling anyway.
It's our civic duty to call and let him know that some of us in Oklahoma want healthcare, not wealthcare.
Vote no to any plan that reduces the number of individuals currently covered and/or reduces standards of care...we are watching
Vote NO on #SkinnyRepeal which destabilizes markets & hikes premiums. FIX #ACA don't kill it.
Just a reminder Senator..this is what a true congress looks like
Your yes votes on these amendments are votes against the working people of OK. Neither solves the existing issues you worry about.
Did any of you even bother to read the BCRA w/consumer freedom option?  It did continue substities of small rural hospitals.
I'm glad!  I hope it continues to fail.
What?? your glad truly?? Rural hospitals will close, Dr's rates will skyrocket higher than they are now, What kind of person are you? smh
Insurance across state lines. Must be part of this or premiums will not come down significantly.
It already is available señorita.
Ins w/o essential benefits is not ins. No tax cuts for ins exec or cos. Stop legislating women's HC.
Repeal only vote is at 3.  If you vote for repeal, I'm going to tell God that you caused my death.
Nice of you to keep us posted on GOP's latest attempts to screw the poor, the disabled, the elderly, and the children of Oklahoma.
Stop playing into the GOP money politics and represent your constituents instead. No one wants to die bc they don't have access to hlthcr.
Still wrong.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!!
It is useless to appeal to your humanity or Christianity. You will be judged at some point. This life or the next. I'm sorry for your soul.
Are all of you protesting folks on Medicaid??? That's the only group that might not benefit from BCRA.  I'm very sad it did not pass.
James very disappointed in you. You sold the oklahoma and American people out. Will not support you in next election. Shame on you.
BCRA w/ consumer freedom option also protected people like me by forbidding lifetime maximums and protecting we who have chronic illness.
Sure do miss Obama'a administration :(
Represent your constituents instead of @GOP. That's what a Senator is paid to do. Vote NO and start telling your constituents the truth.
HAVE A DAMN CONSCIENCE AND VOTE NO. You say you are a Godly man, well act like it, grow a pair and vote NO to this awful plan and repeal.
You are a fake Christian.
We are so ashamed of you! You are bad for our country!
Consumer Freedom Option is an Orwellian label for allowing insurance co to sell cheap junk insurance with sole aim of collapsing exchanges
How about some friggin hearings?
Senator, we are watching you and you're not listening to what we want. We want healthcare, not wealthcare. #KillTheBill
How about you grow a pair for once in your life & do the right thing!
I must have missed the extended debates and days of revisions. Why the rush?
Bc they don't want the ppl to see how they arw screwing us all.
Even the Skinny one should fail. You need to put party aside and work with the Democrats and make a better bill.
And how did you vote Senator?
I can't believe the Trumpers on here...just disgusting..to wish death on people oh wait I forgot the "Good Christians" disgusting
It failed, sir, because there are senators out there who are actually putting people before party. Why aren't you?
Was having a black president really that bad?
You have turned a deaf ear to Oklahomans. You forget who you work for and who will fire you in 2018. Take your phone calls coward
Langford is not up for reelection until 2022. We are stuck with him. We are so screwed.
Yes we can it's called a "recall"
Obviously some of these people don't understand how disastrous Obamacare really is!! Educate yourselves folks!
Instead of angrily attacking ACA out of legislation envy, perhaps you should listen to the people. The GOP doth protest too much, me thinks.
And you voted for the shittiest option out there.  We are going to vote you out.
Pass health care bill then amend.  TOO MANY ABLE-BODIED PEOPLE GETTING ASSISTANCE...killing tax payers! Cut taxes & build the wall.
Fix OBamaCare! Don't repeal or replace it with YOUR horrendous bill!!!
How do U justify U & rest of Senate not using Obamacare & fraudulently buying healthcare? U all lied & continue to commit fraud. Explain it!
You're voting a bills that have a huge impact on your constituents and you're doing it so quickly that you aren't getting real input frm us
50% of Americans prefer Obamacare to YOUR horrendous bill! Fix OCare don't repeal it-
Please vote no on all.
my parents live in OK, rely on medicaid, and they won't call to say they disapprove. I disapprove. Your vote affects my life.
Be ready fir McConnells bill substitution on Friday which will make these amendment votes irrelevant. Lankford knows this will happen.
You know full well the majority of Americans don't want what McConnell is peddling.
I read this morning that 40 of the yes votes from Rs own combined $23000000 in health insurance/pharmaceutical stock.  How much do you own?
You know the reasons for premium increases in Oklahoma is not the ACA, specifically, but rather the refusal of the Medicaid expansion.
You've shown how much you care about Oklahomans, and Americans who will suffer immensely under this piece of crap.  Stop lying about the ACA
YOU voted for that hateful legislation.  How much stock do you own?
And @GOP Keep fighting for repeal and replace ACA premium increases and deductible increases make ACA worthless
Thank God that Rs have too much infighting going on to agree on ripping insurance away from 32 million Americans.
Let's get some data: How many Okies receive insurance thru ACA? What % really saw outrageous prem increases? How many get Medicaid? #facts!
As stated in message I left with your office, and messages before that asking you to vote no, you have lost my vote for your next reelection
failure is not an option Obamacare is one of the top reasons we voted for President Trump repeal then replace getter done
#REPUBLICANSFORACA #FIXITDONTNIXIT #REPEALNODEAL #BIPARTISANEFFORTNEEDEDNOW
Straight repeal NOT the answer. Make it better not worse and call it a victory.
What is preventing GOP from uniting on a health plan that actually solves ahca's problems?
You placed party over people
And YOU voted how ????   No Repeal and Replace...  Listen to the people who put you in the Senate or next time we won't.
Sad, it did not pass, we need this choice.  It was a good idea.  Health care should be brought back to the states.
Why not bring in task force including successful hospital CEO's such as Joel Allison?
Please vote no
Looks like a bunch of RINO Senators .
Could you explain the Consumer Freedom Option and the impact on actual people?  I'm sure it will appear again.
What a sleazy move. Trying to sneak #GOPWealthCare past us. NO, thanks! #NoCuts #NoRepeal #KeepACA
It's sad to me that you put Trump's agenda in doing away with anything Obama before the people you are supposed to be helping.

Thank you for showing your true self & ignoring your constituents. My time & effort will be dedicated repealing & replacing you #OkieStrong

Junk policies for insurance that cost a fortune and do nothing are not acceptable..try negotiating with ins co. and big pharma like this
What happened to REGULAR ORDER?  Didn't you hear @SenJohnMcCain .  He was quite eloquent.  But then he voted "screw it" too!  #mean #VoteNo
What was in this failed #CruzAmendment bill that you liked so much?  What even comes to your mind when you ponder #healthcare ?
Great question that will never get answered.  Makes me wonder if he also blows off questions or directions he gets from God.
Stand up!!! We need you be Strong!!!!
Stop interchanging health care costs with health insurance costs.  #healthcare is expensive because of uninsured. Everyone must be covered!
So, you are saying that 43 #Republicans voted for a bill that they had not read?  I wish you would take your job seriously.  #VoteNo
Is it your primary intention to shut down all of the small town hospitals in Oklahoma?  #VoteNo
Consumer Freedom Option???  Who came up with that?  Call it crap insurance option.  Please pray on this.  It's important to us. #VoteNo
OK, so a couple hours of debate means #transparency in government to you?  You have got to be kidding!  #Republicandeathpanel
How can you be so heartless?  Can you please explain why you love this cruel bill so much?  Maybe you can answer after you read it. #VoteNo
You lied to us. You voted yes, despite no protections for preexisting conditions. Start packing.
please fight for us
Nothing in the Constitution say that healthcare is a Federal Power. Healthcare has nothing to do with war, peace, treaties and negotiations.
The precipice of complete & total failure.  Please take off your uneven yoke and be a leader....not just a mindless work beast
Thank you @SenatorLankford, we need healthcare reform, retired husband pays #$1100/month, $5000 deduc.  Help us in OK, its not insurance.
Lankford is doing everything he can to get a tax cut for the wealthy. Your husband isn't one of his concerns. Wish it wasn't so.
Just answer one question. The vast majority of the population does not want this. So, why would you waste your time on this legislation?
How has Oklahoma's new law to allow in insurers from other states like Rhode Island, Wyoming, Georgia, Kentucky, and Maine? Hasn't worked
This is what your GOP healthcare will do to Oklahoma. Stand up and get a backbone. You are not fulfilling the wishes of Oklahomans
I knew no matter how cautious you were with your words, you were going to leave people with pre-existing conditions hanging.
I'm not surprised. I will not be voting for you again. When my disease costs $15K-$20K a year to treat if I haven't had any complications...
And I'm thrown under the bus by my home state reps, like I don't matter... then you won't matter to me either.
We have a decent income and because of that, we have no help from Medicaid, no breaks. Just cost of care being way too much to afford.
So thank you for nothing at all. You people are going to be the reason I die young. That's not the Christian way. All I asked was for access
Fix the issues with the Aca. It can me made stronger and problems fixed
Are you and @JimInhofe going all in voting yes from the start? If so, you both aren't doing ur jobs working for us Oklahomans. #OK&USAb4GOP
Thank god!!!!
You just can't seem to put #CountryOverParty  Are You that afraid of Trump? Will your family be on this insurance plan??
7 years is a long time to not have your crap together!#imwithtrump #frustratedinOklahoma
Or senators are lying to us on votes because they don't care but for themselves their insurance is okay not ours
I am extremely disappointed with you. This will be remembered. I am ashamed that you are representing Our Great State
It is not the role of government to provide healthcare.  Truly lower costs by allowing drug imports and medical care provider immigration.
Please help the American people out from under #Obamacare.  We are drowning!!
Repeal it
Why?
Give me the # i will call too
Sane Republicans there is hope for America yet!!!!!
Please do not take away our healthcare
Grrrrrrr.
I've been in a situation I had to shop insurance. It is ridiculously not affordable.  Consider this model. https://atlas.md/press-room/ 
Surely you @SenatorLankford being a pastor ought to feel compelled to really know & understand what you're voting for & the true pros & cons
Vote no for republican wealthcare.
Love it.  Healthcare, not wealthcare.
Please Senator, #REPEAL the ACA.  It’s destroying the economic engine of this country.
No, it's not!
You Congressmen & Senators will not do the right thing! Get Government out of health care!!! Its all about power & money with you folks!!! 
WOOT! My relatives get to live for a bit longer while you vote again and again to kill them.
What you don't understand, you need coverage for all ancillary providers, because if don't then you pay full price for providers not covered
Shame you Mr Lankford.
@SenatorLankford Sen. Lankford, please get tax cuts for rich on health care! Fall in line w/Trump, oh and Lincoln ?? Okies know the drill.
What oklahoma are you talking about! Taking away what we have to give tax breaks to your rich cronies won't help Oklahoma!! Stop lying!
Oklahoma's health care or lack thereof is evident in dying insurance benefits and rural healthcare. Always vote to help us- party free
Americans don't want to pay more for less care. Americans don't want to evict grandparents from nursing homes or let sick children die. #NO
Why do you hate Oklahomans??
More confusion
No transparency
Such a shame
Reps better get it together or in 18they'll be sitting up shaking there heads wondering what the heck just happened. We're now the minority
You sick like Jim Inhofe. You Christian Values are Bull....
There needs to be a straight up repeal.
You voted for this evil. Don't hide from that. So much disappointment in you, sir. Your actions speak louder than your words. #NoTrumpCare
Plan on a vm from me come morning. Being considerate enough to give you the heads up. And will these amendments be available for us to see?
Oh consumer freedom!? Sounds divine (eyeroll)
This process sounds like a nightmare.  Why dont you work with the democrats to figure something out?
Thank you for the late work!
For what?
Doing what?
It is my hope and prayer that whatever final version of this bill exists, that you will wait for a CBO score before voting.  Please...
