It leads to your back door. We want an independent investigation, not crooks looking for crooks.
what's the deal with this ship off the coast of CT, hmm?
Sickens me to see Republicans falling in with Dems trying to Destroy the President and his cabinet, who were chosen by us.
it all leads to benghazi! #rankamateurs
We want action not just lip service. #DoYourJob #ImpeachNow  You were elected to serve the people not just your own selves.
A bipartisan select com to investigate this is critical and best for our country. Not doing this shows people want cover up
waste of time and money.  You are doing what the Democrats want.  Investigate them!!!
Wake up; Democrats have organized a multi-front assault: riots, Hollywood, attacking the Trump family, 9th court, etc.
ALL THE WAY TO THE TOP? You owe service to OUR Country!
This STOPS NOW! You MUST make a STRONG condemnation tomorrow on this NYT news.  Worse than Watergate and Iran-Contra.
there must be an independent investigation! The cmte is led by Trump loyalists. The people demand a fair investigation! Now
Please make the information public and find #Trump business ties to Russia. Exactly the reason to oppose his appointments!
why are you afraid to face your constituents?
Please do. I'm a constituent of yours, and we'll be paying close attention. Country over party.
.@SenatorLankford @jiminhofe Jeff Sessions must recuse himself from the investigation!!!!!
as your constituent, I support this. Remember to put your country before the Republican Party, as is your duty.
Hopefully this will calm down the Dems & Media, but I repeat myself.  Maybe the leakers will b revealed? Shine the light!
You're more concerned with where this info came from, rather than the fact a top advisor was working w/ Russia?
Oh please, he wasn't "working" with Russia. I say bring it all out, let the chips fall where they may!
He was, indeed, working with Russia. Clearly.
They r investigating, let's see what they find.  Put it ALL out there. Shine the light!
.@SenatorLankford I hope you mean this. Your jdgmnt has been questionable of late. Well...let's be honest...its always been questionable.
I hope so I am a democratic however I voted for you instead of my party because I thought that as a Senator for OK cont.
I am calling BS on that statement - sad day when you can't trust elected officials with your background.
Don't be a fool. @FBI CIA DOJ and DoD are loaded with Obama Democrat-partisans with an agenda and it's not all legit.
we can't have him in the White House
you would stand your ground and do what was best not just for America but Oklahoma as well if Baby Donald is a traitor cont
GOP is dead after this. You guys were on wrong side of history and didn't speak up.
Thank you. Country over party. Right is right. acknowledgement is important but... Actions speak louder than words.
You are coddling democrat liberals.  They are tying you up.  Can't you see that?  Do an end run.
This needs an independent investigation. Trump's people (Sessions) investigating Trump's Russian ties is a nonstarter.
You might to start practicing saying Pres. Pence. This will lead to DJT criminal acts.
Thank you. We are counting on your and your colleagues to defend our nation.
You realize you're half hearted pandering ends next cycle, right?
, We, your constituents, are holding you accountable in this matter. Let the truth lead where it goes.
Hope there's a bipartisan investigation and no cover up. It's the right thing to do. America deserves the truth.
Committee will only investigate potential election hack. He does not mention NSC or Flynn investigation. #waterboy
thank you!  Please continue to follow this and keep America autonomous
glad to hear Senator it's imperative the whole #Russia @realDonaldTrump situation is explored, exposed and reported
Apply same standard to Trump, Flynn as you would Clinton. #goodforgooseandgander  #stop hypocrisy
how many weekends does Trump get to take off and go to Florida at our expense before you all tell him to go to Camp David
And not release his tax records... Who are his debtors?
we will be watching! #500billiondollaroildeal
You might want to start with the leaks! That's the real danger and concern!
no Doug. Just no
No, the Intel Committee needs to investigate and purge the partisan spy-hacks from the intel agencies.
Thank you from a Constituent.  #FlynnResignation #Russia
about time.
When are you going to have the guts to schedule a town hall to face you constituents? @stevelackmeyer
I wonder how he can face himself in the mirror each morning.
Are you also going to look into the potential classified incident when POTUS was briefed about N Korea in a unsecure area?
Even if it leads to your own party's members? I hope so.
I'd like to believe that Homer...
Plain and simple: Do Your Job.
Thank you for saying it... I DON'T BELIEVE  A WORD OF IT.... but that you for saying it. Happy Valentines To Your Staff 
Flynn didn't act alone. He was a subordinate. #Impeach45
Y'all had a wonderful time with Benghazi. Time to look at your own.
Really, from you the "Rubber Stamp Man"?
I hope so
I am gonna call bull shirt
investigate the leaks. And the Obama cronies behind them.
Just remember sir, Country over Party.
Can you imagine if this was a Democrat? Act like you remember what you guys did to Obama.
Exactly!
@stevelackmeyer To clarify, will you investigate Mike Flynn's communications and follow where that evidence leads?
Love to see you #doyourjob! Thanks!!
2017- Economic collapse, worldwide revolutions, devastating earth changes, ww3?, Follow/Msg #tradcatknight
