Definitely it's Koch and Trump.  Not sure if Lankford is getting money from Russia; but he is a right-wing darling.
I c from replies that there was no proof of whatever the hell they r accusing Session of 2day, so the libs r mad, sad, & it's all ur fault!
Trump's friend Christopher Ruddy said Trump was considering firing Mueller in PBS, Senator.
U need to fire whoever does ur hair! That brassy color along with others n choppy look isn't real becoming!  Js

No doubt, you & the GOP do not want the citizens to know the truth!
Thank you for reminding everybody about Holders stonewalling an investigation!!
Newt Gingrich & Chris Ruddy are 2 of @realDonaldTrump's surrogates on the FIRE Mueller brigade, PLEASE don't be disingenuous :-( @nytimes
How do Sessions balls taste? You're a soft cuck trying to ruin our democracy & you'd lose your seat if your state had better (any) education
We love it when libs talk that way, guarantees victories for years 2 come.  Thank you!
I have no party affiliation. but I know I saw him sucking Sessions balls & I know u r bottom 15% in edu, so keep on sucking 
Mueller anonymous "rumor" also publicly spewed by Newt Gingrich
Please stop wasting our time with your bullshit. The well being of America is at stake and you're making a mockery of it. You work for US.
Unless u live in Oklahoma, he does not work 4 u.  Majority of us were pleased with his performance 2day.  This is all a waste of time..#MAGA
Lol what? Read this feed. Most people are ASHAMED of him. You are delusional. #TrumpLovesThePoorlyEducated
Ur comment that prior ppl refused to testify was correct, but Supreme Court ruled they had to. Therefore, it was litigated already! @maddow
@jeffsessions "Thank you, Senator Lankford". Sessions was so relieved to talk to you because he knew you would go easy on him.
Hey, it's open Sessions for Sessions #ClosedSessionsForThePress
You're supposed to ask questions not give a speech or spoon feed him the answer while asking what was supposed to be a question
Session is a LIAR, TRUMP a Dishonest, Liar, Disrespectful,and all his employees.
Your the man bringing up eric holder!!!
Obama created th collusion accusation2excuse his spying on&unmasking of TrumpWorld.Dems have used that lie to undermine @POTUS
But you do think we should figure out what the actual truth is right? Because @SenatorLankford is not helping towards that end.
Yes,Russia hacked us&tried to hack our election system, but so did every other Tom Dick&Harry,including Iran and China. Why demonize Russia?
I'm watching it now.  Jeff Session's stonewalling is a good example of why people hate politicians. Hope he goes to jail.
Why did you spent the majority of your alloted time giving a speech defending Sessions & Trump instead of QUESTIONING Sessions?
Agreed
Pay attention Senator.   Trump is the leaker.  It was his friend who blabbed about firing Mueller. #SessionsHearing
So the leak is coming from inside the Oval Office? Cue creepy music 
Un named ???? The presidents friend was all over TV telling everyone !!!!!!!!!
Lying POS! Saying it was an anonymous rumor!
Do you have no shame ? Shame on you !
Nice feather soothing questions. I am sure Trump will reward you. 
'rumor' about Mueller is not a rumor, not unnaned source- Chris Ruddy, natl TV, hed just met w trump
Thank you for speaking up about the senators who were grandstanding!
Showtime for the Senator. Sessions already lied and should resign. #SessionsTestimony is political grandstanding for the GOP.
I noticed how Jeff Session's couldn't remember anything that implicates him.  And he cannot invoke executive privilege before Trump does.
Remember, JL has no legal training. He defended the first trump Muslim ban, because no other GOP attorney would touch it.
Good heavens!  The Healthcare bill is HORRIBLE too!  We are a top state for diabetes, eliminating 17% of Okies for pre-existing conditions.
It is not ok for Attorney Generals R or D to dodge questions. You did yourself a disservice and wasted precious time giving Sessions cover.
What a good little #putincockholster & #trumpbitch u r. trump has to claim exec priv b4 sessions can claim it. #sessions #corruptGOP #russia
Ms. Harris is a  ***ch.  just saying.
Did you actually ask any questions or did you use all your allotted time to make a speech defending Jeff sessions?  Shamefully partisan !!
#TRAITORSFORTRUMP Club Member.  Party b4 country.   U don't deserve to represent people of this country.  Your job is to protect us.
You are #pondscum #UNelect
Way to run out the clock with your bull. Who is paying you? #TrumpRussia
Sad and pathetic R the comments I read defaming u,hang in there,your colleague Senator Cotton is attempting to bring members 2their senses
Russia Putin Boy Toy#100 million buys lots of Republican Traitors#fake American#sold out country#fake
Now I get why DT always says the great State of Oklahoma. You are the creepy version of Ted Cruz Senator !
Wow, your questions were political party first  not finding the truth out for the American people you are there to represent, shame on you
Shame on you for disgracing a party. What you will do to protect instead of us the American people who some voted you in office. Not me
Youre confused about the genesis of the "rumor" your king is considering firing Mueller? See below. Try to keep up.
Great job today lobbing softballs at Sessions that lied under oath Putin will be so happy with you#Traitor #fake America
You were there to read a story .ridiculous
Sessions seems too stupid to be Attorney General.  Apparently, he doesn't know anything. #SessionsHearing
This is not funny and Sessions has clearly been inappropriate.
Does this clown knows what a hearing is? It's to asked questions. Not to have your mouth open over greasy sessions butt.
Hahaha so many haters. Keep up the good work @SenatorLankford. The people of OK have your back!
@jeffsessions already has enough stuck up his ass he doesn't need you up there too.
Kiss your office goodbye, Senator.
Despicable cover up tactics. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Thank you for showing the true hypocrisy of the head up the butt libs or their pure stupidity for lack of reasoning of reality!
You're hurting all of America by not getting to the bottom of this! Thanks /NOT!
Today, Lankford demoed more than anyone else a fascist type concept as tied to preventing the destruction of democracy. Willing to ignore.
The anger and misplaced venom on this tweet should not deter good ppl like you Senator to cont to do the honest thing
Why did sessions not protest the use of WikiLeaks? Never heard  a word of protest from him as senator? Wow corrupt
Listening to you question Jeff sessions it's extremely saddening, 3 count them 3 sources telling the media that Trump wants to fire Muller
Do you like keebler elf cookies?
Unnamed source?  Trump's self described friend is saying it .. pay attn Lankford #SessionsHearing
Trump ally Ruddy on Mueller: "I did not talk to the president about the issue; I do not believe he will fire him."  http://snpy.tv/2rrFOZH 
1.Needed fresh start 2.No Comey performance evals. 3. trump tells Holt Russia thing 4 firing. 4.Sessions writes memo. Which is it?
Amazing how Jeff Sessions can't remember shit about the Mayflower event until you run it through the eyes of someone else so he can agree.
Smooch that's you kissing Sessions ass!
#jeffsessions is a lying, racist, weasel of  a man
So,did you learn why all federal prosecutors were abruptly fired?  With no replacements?  Even Sessions could answer that. #SessionsHearing
America takes not of your @GOP  grandstanding.. Please wipe your nose afterwards..people of Oklahoma are not stupid..
Saw your bipartisan comments. Thought you wanted to get to all of the evidence.
You basically testified for Sessions and asked him to agree/disagree.
You testified for Sessions instead of putting America first. Waste of time
Thank you for setting the record straight, you were the only person doing so! God bless
Lankford heels well as Trump's lapdog for each and every level of the various Trump/Russian campaign investigations. Simply party over truth
SEN.LANKFORD THANK YOU. TO HAVE THE DEM SENATORS ATTACK A MAN OF SESSIONS CALIBER, WAS UNCONSCISABLE & I AM GLAD YOU LEVELLED THE SCALES.
You are gross.
Lobbing HR balls for Sessions, I thought you might ask serious ?s
Great job at the #SessionsHearing !
Great questions and clarifications senator!
Law School 101 it's called leading the witness. It's sad to see that we send people like you to represent us in congress. do your job. SAD!
In the cases that you cited, the Obama administration ASSERTED THE PRIVILEGE prior to withholding information. This is truly pathetic.
You're an embarrassment.
Church and state are separate  yet God and truth are one and twill ptevail despite your blind adherence to repressive party politics
How frustrating is it for you that Trump didn't pick you for his All-Star Brown-Nosing team?
useless "questions" - nothing worthwhile from @SenatorLankford at this hearing #SessionsDay
I'm sure there's no way that you'll regret that!
#Trumpski #CarryThatWater #PartyLine #OrangeNose
Uh - the "unnamed" sources for Trump potentially asking for Mueller firing - Gingrich and Ruddy. You're welcome.
You didn't question. You testified. Nose up Trump's butt?  Glad you're not my senator.
Amazing that unsubstantiate,anonymous leaks are being reported in the press.More amazing that the Democrats are repeating them as truth..
Absolutely awful five minutes bud.
Is Lankford going to ask real questions or kiss Sessions?  What a song and dance he does.
Here's one about Ruddy http://www.newsday.com/news/nation/trump-supporters-turn-on-special-counsel-robert-mueller-1.13733505 …
Really sir. Excusing russian interference in our election
Are you too a traitor to the united States?
Give Democrats 10 minutes zero to most @SenateGOP since they are apologists and #TrumpSycophants #EmolumentsClause #TaxReturns #Obstruction
Gingrich said this morning he wants GOP congress to do this. His reasons were a mixed bag of substance-free confused 'thought'
Extremely proud of my Senator today #SessionHearing
I really thought you were one who might be for the people.  Just found out that you are NOT!  Thanks for nothing.
Why are you lying there are 3 named sources including Ann Coulter about the president firing Muller WHY ARE YOU LYING!!!  FEELING SICK!!!!!!
FYI - statement that DT was considering firing Muller didn't come from an anonymous source. It came from DT's attorneys on TV! Watch PBS!
When you greeted sessions today why didn't you just pucker up and kiss his ass.
Great job! Thank you for reminding EVERYONE of the past AG testimonies
That was an incomprehensible defense. "Other people have obstructed hearings, so it's totally okay for you as well."
It was not an unnamed source it was Truno's friend on the news!
Thank for providing cover for contempt of Congress you craven shitweasel
Shame on you.
Sir, no secret source re Mueller firing: Newsday Ruddy [Trump's friend] and Newt Gingrich both making the rounds with this story.
Keep on defending this BS!!! And America will get rid of you 2018!! So keep sucking up! Have nice retirement! U will not serve in 2018!SHAME
Sir the source for the Mueller firing story was a Trump friend on CBS news, not an unnamed source!
Doing Sessions homework for him?? Seriously?
Shame on you, your conduct today was improper and you did not do your job.
Will you ever be able to get that brown off your nose after that SAD display at the hearing?
Nice to see you're Session's Public Defender.  Disappointing.#SessionsHearing
Shame on you!!!!
GOP Senator @SenatorLankford defends @jeffsessions by arguing other people have also obstructed investigations in the past #SessionsHearing
All you did was show that Sessions can't with old answers based on "Future Executive Privelege"!
Hey senator, you forgot to kiss Sessions ass when finished your questions. Way to waste your republican minutes.
Wow. You're really raking him over the coals.
you had five minutes and did nothing but pontificate.
Wasted my time watching my own dang senator!  Puleeze get real. And we see you know how to read...
You sound like Sessions' defender.
You are admonishing other senators on their questions? News Flash-Americans take precedent over President- Got it? Lurch doppelganger
Congratulations for setting the record straight we appreciate you
May the Lord keep you safe & give you wisdom in all of today's hearings. Praying for u @SenatorLankford & Mr. Sessions
I've heard you say you're a Christian yet when I see your behavior I see you as dishonest, condescending, & contentious. Are you 2 people?
Why are you testifying?
Sen Lankford has a way of putting things in perfect perspective
Search your heart sir before wholly defending the actions of  Trump & AG who undermine our constitution & people's rights to know the truth
Wasnt it Mr Ruddy?
well thank God you are there to make sure to defend and clarify what @USAGSessions 'meant' since he himself did not know...
Are you going to use all your time testifying and protect Sessions? Guess so.
Wow! You are trying way too hard to cover for Trump team.
It is not an unnamed sorce stating Trump poss firing Mueller it was Trumps friend on TV interview insisting he told him and had the right to
Just roll over and let him rub your belly .
You're kind of speaking for Sessions, isn't he supposed to be answering questions or just nodding to your narrative?
"The courts said AG Holder can't withhold info from Congress so that means AG Sessions can". Major contradiction here, Senator.
Why do you shill so hard for @realDonaldTrump? Disgraceful.
Minutes wasted on Holder analogy!
Wow. You're another sycophant!  To hell with America, we need to protect Trump! I'm sickened.
Appears that the "Unknown Sources" responsible for STORY of @realDonaldTrump considering firing #SpecialCounsel was Chris Ruddy of @newsmax
At what point did you get into bed with Trump and his cronies?
Does Lankford mean scum in Scandinavian or something?
Your line of questioning is laughable...have you no shame
Nice rebuttal attempt of Sessions, Comrade Lankford.
Excellent job on clarifying how other AGs have exercises their right not to answer questions about private conversations w/their presidents
Is anyone investigating the possibility that Seth Rich leaked information before he was so brutally murderer? Might answer lots of questions
You're doing a great job covering for the Trump administration & distracting from the real investigation. #PartisanHack
LOOK stop sucking up2 Reps. You will not have a job next year, we'll make sure of it! IT'S DISGUSTING THE PARTY OVER COUNTRY ATTITUDE! SHAME
Senator, your questioning today and of James Comey showed me that you have no interest in finding out the TRUTH about Russian involvement,
Good job!  Bravo on you, Sen Lankford
Truly happy you are on this committee.  Thank you for being a voice of reason among the madness.
Ask Sessions, plain & simple. How many times he met w Russians.
Instead of brown nosing!
I am sorry but I was completely put off by you stroking of sessions.
Shame on you! It's almost as if you rehersed your questions with Sessions.
the news about Muller came from the @POTUS  friends tell your twitter in chief to stop getting off the topic of his agenda, he is the drama
Do you actually have a question?  Or do you just prefer to lecture?  You're a time waster...go back to sleep
Vote him out!!
Apparently the GOP's continued actions to protect 45's relationship with Russia continues with your ass kissing of Session's lying ass.
45 has not invoked. Huge difference between Holder and Sessions.
Goooooooood jobtoday in sessions hearing
Just watched you and Sessions make love. Great softball questions.. Whens the wedding?
As soon as he can get the brown off his nose.
GREAT JOB,ericholder was the biggest STONEWALLER in history and if i remember correctly you were on him like a spider monkey.
It was NOT unnamed source, sir. The firing of Mueller was started by Ruddy, a friend of your emperor .
Voice of intelligence and integrity. Thank you MR. Lankford for today.
He opened the door on discussion with trump but refused to tell the whole truth
Discusting. Just disgusting!
What's it like to have your nose planted so firmly up #JeffSessions butt?
The lack of curiosity and eagerness to exonerate administration witnesses is terrifying. GOP moving to kill investigation
Keep sucking #sessionsLies ass #GOP GOTTA GO
You wasted your 7 minutes.
I think you read for over half of your time
Vote him out!!!
Bringing up Eric holder, ok fine I get it. However 2wrongs don't make a right. If ur saying Holder was wrong, shouldn't GOP set standard.
You are THE WORST.
Thank you for your straightforward, honest, and intelligent opening to AG Sessions.
Another Trump puppet....A waste of questions ... and time...
Let me help you with that "rumor" about #drumpf wanting to fire #mueller: It came from Chris Ruddy.
You are a discrace to this country and a coward.  Him much have the Russians "donated" to you? #traitor
And after the hearing, at happy hour across the street, Langford will be cleaning balls with his tounge.
Partisan buttf@$k!
#trumprussia
Yet you went after Comey w/no problem . Party over country is not why we elect you. We elect you to find the answers w/o considering party!
We do know where that news came from re: firing Meuller-Trumps buddy Ruddy.
