Micah Pickering, now 5 years old, was born when his mother was just 20 weeks pregnant. He deserved a chance at life. He got it. #MicahsLaw #PainCapable #ProLife #TheyFeelPain #HR36 
Can you please cite your claim that an unborn 20-month fetus can feel pain? Thanks!
They develop pain receptors at 8 weeks but the brain can’t process it as pain until 28 weeks.
Oh sure you know! They are a fully developed baby with a soul! Of course they feel pain my gosh
You think they’re fully developed at 20 weeks? You ever see a premie born 4 months early go home immediately? No they spend months in a NICU
Check out Live Action all the proof you need
So what your saying is...

You have no scientific links to share with me.
I'm saying go to Live Action and watch for days
You are obviously very pro-life, I assume you want to ban guns as well?
How about protecting them with #womenshealth initiatives and care and after they’re born with affordable healthcare?
RAR why should government supply healthcare We are not socialist yet 
Do you not understand how taxes work? Why do we have to waste $ on our bloated military instead of invest in a healthy nation?
Ps - how dare you call yourself a Christian when you don't believe in helping the poor or sick.  Jesus would hate you.
Very untrue I help but not governments job socialism is not good
It's all true.  You don't even know what socialism is, nor how taxes work
Sarah I beg your pardon ms you are assuming a little too much Look at all socialist countries Not Good 
This is why I don't vote for people like you. Should I thank you for taking away my rights?? No, instead I'll fight HARD to keep them.
Rights to murder a child? No one should have that right.
Willie, when you get a uterus then you can be a part of this conversation. Until then stop bothering me.
Having a uterus doesn't give anyone the right to murder another human being.
Take ur Catholic over bearing ways somewhere else. I'm not interested in an overly religious rhetoric.
Where have I used Catholicism and religious rhetoric in my tweets? One can use just science to prove how abortion is horrible wrong.
I'll not be getting into an argument with u. I'm staunch in my belief that women need to keep their rights.
Ok but it is important to not ignore the basic human rights of the child. Have a good day.
Keep your laws out of vaginas. #WomansChoice
That sentence makes absolutely no sense. What if abortion affected the vagina of the girl in the womb? Why is your vagina more important than hers, unless you think adults are superior to children?
I think sometimes adult decisions are made to allow a continued happy life.
Don't you realise how selfish that is? Adults should protect the young. Sometimes we have to make big sacrifices. Life can be very difficult. Circumstances vary but the bottom line is that we cannot discard babies into bins.
And Republicans don't reauthorize CHIP - babies and children here.
Can you explain a little please? What's CHIP?
Children's health insurance program- insures about 9 million kids
In including many of those not aborted, but extremely ill from defects that cost millions.

So do animals but enjoy your Big Mac @SenatorLankford #animalsfeelpaintoo @peta
Lol
Except Micah Pickering was born at 22 weeks not 20 . Massive BS . There is not a single case of 20 wk old fetus surviving on record anywhere
Protect the ones who are born too #fakers
Why don't you start with ensuring adequate health care for women, oh and maternity leave, oh and equal pay. Then you have a say on my vagina
Just because someone has a vagina doesn't give them the right to murder another human being
And just because an man can put a baby into a woman doesn't mean he has he right to tell her what to do.
It seems you are attempting to demonize the fathers of children, in order to justify a mother murdering a child. Why?
No. I’m saying women don’t get pregnant on their own. If there is a punishment for an unwanted pregnancy, it should be share by both parties
But you don’t want to take care of them after hey are born. Somewhat hypocritical. We should be taking care of our ppl from day 1 to death.
Remember that kids like this one typically have ongoing medical issues all their life. It is pure hypocrisy to make sure to force them to live & then deny them health care, but that’s what the GOP is all about.
Sen Lankford you are a hypocrite...protect the unborn, but take away healthcare for once they are born.   ACA gives them a chance.
What about the mothers who will have to carry dead babies and babies who won’t live after childbirth? Don’t they feel pain?
Daca doesn’t deserve a chance?
I Agree
#2017SenateDoYourJob
Nothing more precious than a baby 
#MicahsLaw
Stop population control
Stop Legal Murder
#SaveABaby
#DefundPPH
Earliest baby ever born on record to survive was 21 weeks
Probably wasn’t a rape baby tho. People should be allowed to make their own decisions. It’s common sense.
How about not putting those babies and their families in prison for non-violent offenses.
Where's law regulating penises & erection pills? This is spin w minimal research. 

There's TONS of science proving climate change but...
You do know that the majority of abortions are those under the 20 week mark? They use it as birth control. Life begins at conception!
The federal government needs to get out of the the personal business of women, and stop interfering with states rights.
And how about educating those babies with quality daycare even in the country, quality schools even in poor districts, fully funded Pell
It’s hypocritical to be “Pro-Life” and “Anti-Gun Control”   Have courage for common sense gun control.
It's hypocritical to kill the unborn and be a gun grabber.
My position is that a woman’s decisions between her and her Dr. are not my biz. Semi auto and auto guns have no place outside of military op
Life is a gift from God precious & Should always be treasured 
But not when it's a girl ey? Right? Because who cares if they have a right to their own bodies, right?
if it has disabilities? Let it just suffer. As long as the mother doesn't kill it in the womb we can kill it with neglect. No socialized med
Not governments job but churches job
Maybe you can just stop coming inside women then and punishing them later... And remember guys that jerking off is also murder...
D*mn ya'll care more about the unborn than little poor kids less than 2 blocks from #1600Pennsylvania Ave.  Do they deserve your compassion?
Thanks James!
What about feeding those babies (CHIP anyone?) and providing healthcare to them pre- and post- birth and also to their mothers?
When they are born and need healthcare You call them takers
Read this. You make me sick.
#ActuallyTheyDontFeelPain
Nobody agrees with abortion, what they agree with is the women's right to choose!
So how are these women going to take care of these babies when you are cutting all their services?
It is not up to you to make decisions about abortion. It is up to the individual woman.
Babies, innocent life, deserve to be protected. If you need or want an abortion, do it before the pregnancy is two months in.
Yet u let CHIP low income children's hlth care expire. We only care about the fetus until it is born and needs real health care Repub motto



Truth:
@GOP @HouseJudiciary YOU LIE.There are no 20 wk survivors. Plus your law counts from conception which is 18 wks in usual GA
My great niece born at 23 weeks
I guess women who are forced into giving birth should just shoot the child after it is born - then the @gop won't do anything to stop it.
The GOP doesn't believe you can "regulate evil," yet they are constantly trying to outlaw abortion. Why is that? #LasVegasShooting
Praise God!
Sen.James Lankford....really...but no pre existing illness or injury....you need the body count so the US can borrow more money, yes we know
Documentation RE feeling pain @ 20 weeks??
If you could get pregnant I bet ya you'd give tax refunds for abortions. #handsoffmyuterus
The Senate must override the 60 vote rule on this issue or it is dead on arrival.
#nuclearoption #overridethefilibuster
As long as I live, I will never understand why republicans will throw all their resources at blocking abortion rights but won't even discuss logical gun legislation. We aren't stupid. You're not pro-life!
There's 0 credible evidence to support ur bogus claims, You sir are no conservative
As you try to pass laws to make silencers on guns legal, and 'forget' about CHIP, insurance for children.  HYPOCRITES.  LIARS.
When you did NOTHING after Sandy Hook, where our children were gunned down. SHAMEFUL LIARS.
You work for Dickey's law, which means we can't even investigate gun violence.  LIARS HYPOCRITES. Killing our children every way you can.
When you try to pass 'wealthcare' that kicks tens of millions off health insurance.  HYPOCRITES.
When you try to destroy Planned Parenthood which provides MILLIONS of women with healthcare and contraception.  LIARS
When you DESTROY programs to prevent teenage pregnancies.  LIARS AND HYPOCRITES.
When your own @GOP members want their mistresses to get abortions, and then cry crocodile tears about abortion.  LIARS.
When you support @potus who brags and laughs about grabbing women's genitals against their will because he can get away with it.  LIARS.
Hope you can get other senators to vote for this common-sense civil rights bill!
Invoke the Nuclear Option to get the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act passed.Get serious about #Life. #ProLife

STOP KILLING TINY AMERICANS
So you vote for this crap but can't support CHIP? Hypocrisy at its worst.
How can you be pro-life before birth & not give a shit about it afterward?
#CONGRESS #ThisBullshitsUnacceptable!JGB
Whether it is day 1 or 22 weeks in the life of a baby, abortion is murder. Be prepared to answer to Jesus as you take your last breath.
Selective Pro Life...WE NEED GUN CONTROL NOW!
Same day you IGNORED insurance for children.  You care NOTHING for children. Only to control women's bodies.  SHAMEFUL.
Bullshit! Stay out of our bodies!
The irony is that while you support Micah and his birth.  His now preexisting conditions would preclude him from any medical coverage
Please take the time to learn the facts before you vote, Senator. The information you RTed here is incorrect.
Micah Pickering was born at 22 weeks gestation, not 20 weeks. That is an eternity in gestational development.
Did those two congressmen who wanted their "girlfriends" to have or get an abortion sign their name to it? Hypocrites
What if the mother's life is at stake? Asking for Tim Murphy.
Micah is a cutie!
Let's protect the already born too - give back the NRA $$s you accepted and support gun control
Liberals in the Senate will kill it as surely as an abortionist murders an innocent unborn baby.
My oldest son was born at almost 20 weeks 1 pound 10 ounces and had seizures now in his 40s very healthy married with a daughter
He fought so hard Lived three months in  incubator at children's Mercy in Kansas City how could anyone take a life of something so precious
Please Senators pass this!

Pass it senate. Do for the people not donors for once
What about those that are born? Where is their protection #GunViolence #DomesticViolenceAwarenessMonth @BWestbrookAZ8 @People4Brianna
The solution is to support @BWestbrookAZ8 and get rid of his dark money lobbyists
And now Trump and the Republicans will take away his health care. GREAT JOB 2 THUMBS UP! #MAGA VIA IMPEACHMENT
Protect the unborn but not the living is called Pro Birth not Pro Life. Guns are a right but healthcare is a privilege; God wouldn't agree.
Now let’s guarantee Micah health care!
Take away Micah's health insurance quick! He's a post-womb American! Can't care about him anymore!
http://truthcommand.com/2017/09/christian-republican-women-can-breastfeed-public-i-can-grab-breasts/ …

Your god could stop abortions before it comes to that. You know, all seeing, all knowing. Get it !
Protect the unborn! But to hell with them after!
#GOPHypocrisy
now get to work, senate and do something righteous. Still waiting on aid to yazidis and christians too
Thank you for trying to starve the
Trump administration weighing executive order on welfare: report - The Hill
https://apple.news/ANEHU5jfUQZGtiSRqExXSPQ …
If @GOP is going to force women to give birth to children with fatal birth defects then they need to pay for medical cost & funerals.
And where's your scientific evidence to support this bogus claim? There's nothing to back this up.  No uterus no opinion

You are corrupt as the day is long.
No right to tell awhat to do w/body. No 1 knows whymake this http://decision.GOP  hypocritical taking care of living,hence removeACA

Gun control
You want to protect the unborn,however, you are OK WITH Kicking 32 million off health care.  Doesn't correlate!!!

Stop us if you've heard this one before: a pro-life conservative Congressman urging his mistress to have an abortion 
No, it's time to protect the already-born.  #Theyarestarving #Theydeserveaneducation #Theymatter
@SenateGOP Makes no sense that you care more about unborn than children living without healthcare. @gop hypocrisy through and through.
And when will you protect the born?
How about protecting the people who've already been born?
All credible research shows that "fetuses feel pain at 20 weeks" is complete nonsense. All you are doing is limiting women's rights.
Take care of the living kids- pass the funding for CHIP!!OR are you letting it go because Hillary Clinton founded it-new normal @MSNBC
Misleading. By the time their that age the GOP has taken away any care our protection our great country should provide to all Americans.
How much $$$ do you accept from the NRA? To be silent on gun control? Not to mention FAILING on healthcare.  DISGUSTING. DO YOUR JOB.
Thank you for saving lives. Liberals are only concerned with abortion& rights of killers.
Thank you
Let them live so crazed gunmen can kill them in their schools?  Neither abortion nor unfettered access to weapons is good birth control!
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2017/10/03/abortion-tim-murphy-mistress-affair/730306001/ … What a bunch of hypocrites. When are you going to ask for this resignation?
Prove it.
Pro-life until they're born. Then leave 'em for dead. The @GOP way.
Shame for allowing under 20 weeks to be brutally murdered!!!!! Outlaw ALL abortion
#EqualProtectionForPosterity
Stop telling women, whom you know nothing about, what to do with their bodies.
You need to let the women who are pregnant and their doctors decide what is the right thing to do.
What about caring for it afterwards . Or another life suffering in this godless world good for you
Will you be renewing #CHIP and #MIECHV now?
Now how about passing some laws that protect the rest of us from the legal weapons made for mass murder that were used in Las Vegas!!!!!
Sorry, but the Supreme fraudulent Court gave that up in th Seventies! Can’t compete with Billions of ill gotten dollars of the left!
These bans are UNCONSTITUTIONAL as they would ban abortion before viability in direct opposition to Roe v. Wade. Cruel to carry dead fetus!
You protect the unborn then once born screw you no healthcare no childcare help no food stamps no education from the same who protect unborn
The Senate is the swamp.
Thank you, Senator!!
Specious, one woman's premature labor does not entitle you to restrict every other woman.
Men making decisions for women.. so fucked up
Thank you Senator for standing for #LIFE of the defenseless!
LIAR. Post 20 week abortions are NOT done on healthy fetus'. They are only done if there is proof that the fetus will NOT survive.
But who cares about adults getting mowed down at a concert with semi-automatic firearms, right? As long as the NRA keeps the  coming?
No government on my guns, but government is fine up in women's vaginas
And how much did it cost? And who pays for that?
You just don't do any fact checking, apply your Christian Values or just have decency to help people after you force them to have children.
Senator, I noticed all these trolls talking about Obamacare. Pay no attention. We saw 70% increase last year and want something different.
You back a critical piece of legislation and people are offended by the word Okie! Sad times. 
Okie is Triumphant!
Okie is OK! 
#ProudOkie
#ifyoureallycaredaboutlifeyoudmakehealthcareapriorityandnotataxcutfortherich
Ya know you could just type out what you wanna say instead of jamming it all into a hashtag
Amen. I know you will do what you can to get this passed.  I'll reach out to all I can to make this a reality.
#notheyfuckindontandyouhavezeroevidencetoprovethatsostopruiningwomenslivesasshole
Thanks for standing up for the unborn. Praying y'all repeal/replace  obamanation, Affordable Care Act, so ppl have decent/affordable ins
How about that healthcare that the mom would need to help take care of her 20 week born son that would surely need extensive care
Senator, decisions need to Made between a women and her doctor! Stay out of women's medical choices!
With everything going on in the world a woman's uterus is the last place you should be
This is junk science. Please see this thread where a dr makes a fool of Trent @RepTrentFranks
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …
What about the already born? We need to protect them as well
What about those of us who are being used as target practice?
What about a baby born who will only know extreme pain? Can I force you to keep a loved one on life support because I believe its murder?
Care about live kids. Where is the CHIPs program? Your healthcare would have been the death kneel for poor kids w/Micah's issues. Hypocrite!
Did you support the #ACA? If not u should not be supporting anti-abortion bill
One of your heroes in the House votes to pass #MicahsLaw while at the same time telling a women to abort her baby.
@GOP raping women.
I don't understand why #GUNviolence is not as important to you as abortion!?! Men with guns kill so many innocent people & you do nothing.
Let's also pass laws that will give Micah a basic minimum standard.  Like... 

#MedicareForAll 
#FightFor15 
& focus on #studentloans
Lankford - I'm anti abortion, but if they're born with a heart defect, oh well! I'm gonna let insurance companies charge them up the wazoo
If you truly cared about the wellbeing of children, then why did you let CHIP expire?
Yet you let CHIP expire?! Stop lying. You're protecting your donors. You don't care after their born!! #STOPTHEGOPCONGAMES
Abortion is murder! If you have one you are murdering a baby. This baby has a soul. Twenty weeks is a child, a fully developed one.
Why do you get to say what somebody can do with their own body? The fetus is not a legal citizen until that birth certificate is filed.
This bill was not created based on science. It is an attempt to push YOUR religion onto others.
It sure would be great if our elected officials started protecting this of us who are already born. Get out of my uterus.
Know who else feels pain? The people whose bodies you believe the government should control.
Can't wait for the scandal to come out that you're in the same boat as Weiner.
You have no right as a man to tell me how to live my life with women reproductive health!  Your male privilege days are coming to an end
So now go back and pass CHIP insurance so little Micah will have healthcare, along with 9 million other kids.
You’re a fucking idiot
Your lie is going around the world
Millions of already living Americans who need health care feel pain too. Where do you stand on that issue?
So the GOP basically care about life until the fetus is born and then they couldn't give two shits about it afterwards.
Yet the GOP have issues with enforcing tighter gun control...protect the unborn but they don't want to protect the born.
You don't have a uterus, not your decision to make
Unless you would have voted no on GrahamCasssidy & are ready to reinstate CHIP you have zero authority on this matter
If only u guys cared about the children after they were born. Ur pro life until they r born and then u don’t give a fuck.
Bull
These are agonizingly painful personal decisions, not government purview.
Vote NO on this bill in the senate!
Will you sir, adopt and/or financially provide for those unwanted pregnancies??
If life was their choice, by all means they should have it. Blessing. If someone does not choose life, that's their choice too. Blessings.
Very moving. Good for her. But, Senator can you balance this with another truth? Stories where women died.  They are out there.
