House to vote on bill that would ban abortion after 20 weeks http://hill.cm/1LoNtIL  
Did you know women have the right to control their body?
A living, breathing baby that is viable - no. But women have full ownership of their own body. Just like men. Not second class citizens.
You believe the government should control women's bodies.  That's 2nd class citizenship, at best.
And you believe women's bodies should be controlled by the government instead of by the individual. What a horrible thought.
All right wing lies. We feel the pain of u being our Sen from OK. Between u and the oldest living fossil, Inhofe, we have no representation
Women control their won bodies and make their own CHOICES. Pastie faced white men don't get to tell women what to do.
Senator, what do u think of Trump's comments about the mayor of SJ? Tell ur followers on this thread what u think if u have the guts!
If you cared 1/10 as much about children as you do fetuses you could change the lives of millions of children.
Give me a break are u gonna approve a budget to feed cloth educate and medical for all the unwanted children by stopping abortion
Rats feel pain #SaveTheRats A woman has CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS. Until the fetus is a child, it is NOT more important than a FULL GROWN WOMAN!
Where's the evidence based medicine that proves a FETUS has the synapses to process pain? Or is this based on a 2k y/o fable? #WomensRights
Isn't this what you conservatives really think?
Another use of semantics to fit a  sinario by a person who doesn't know their ass from a hot rock! Votes for a traitor to America?
No no no...we spoke at your town hall about this. I can respect your view if you can respect my right to making medical decisions w my DR
Are they pained by the irony in @GOP commitment to birthing babies and then having no concern for their adult counterparts?
Federally funded abortion would cut down on a lot of unwanted pregnancy and also entitlement spending.  Let's start today!
They feel pain sooner than 20 weeks...where did that number come from?
A grown woman feels pain all of her life. An unborn child is NOT EQUAL to an actual child. A mosquito also feels pain. #SaveMosquitos
AMAZING THAT THIS EVEN HAS TO BE AN ISSUE! TOTAL DISGUST! SICKENING! #DEFUNDPP
But senator, the GOP has done nothing in 40+ years. I think republicans are just using this issue to get elected, don't you?
Will you please see that his bill also provides health insurance for the woman and the child she is forced to carry??  That would be fair.
What about the lives of Puerto Ricans, impoverished blks/his, veterans, disabled, orphans, widows?
I am pro life, but LIFE for ALL people matter. Period.
Are you also making a commitment to voting no on any legislation that cuts life saving Medicaid or Accessible Healthcare?
Thank you Senator. This improvement will B welcomed, as is the hope of abolishing abortion. May God reach the hearts of those pro-abortion.
Yet you didn't pass Repeal of Obamacare which defunded Planned parenthood It is time to Drain the Swamp in 2018
Abortion is under any way you look at it and anyone who has a abortion should be put on the front line to fight for this country .
When your conceived , you have a heart beat, and when theirs a heart beat that means blood is being pumped through the body.
I would like you to know when you conceive their is life. I was pregnant and my daughter had a heart beat at 8 weeks that you could see.
I Live Pryor, ok. I am pro choice but Republican. I'm more environmentally concerned than a lot of our party.  Replace McConnell and Ryan.
You don't care.  Ugh, just really, you don't.  I'm disgusted with you as my congressman
There is no such thing as a child in the womb. There is no feeling of pain except the mother's. You are ignorant of Bible &biology, apostate
I don't know a prolife group that doesn't support mom & baby before & after birth - truth!
BTW - unborn humans feel pain long before 20 wks!
This is murder
Focus more on your living constituents. Our state ranks last in every metric for quality of living. It is because we elect people like you.
And an unwanted child suffers for much longer...
Congress is in dark ages. Babies feel pain earlier than 20 weeks. Barbaric.
Those of us who may lose healthcare are feeling pain right now. At a minimum, you should be protecting us. #WakeUpLankford
@thehill Then defund Planned Parenthood instead of voting to fund.
Hey @SenatorLankford...  stop telling a woman what she needs to do with her own body. Worry about the living and not the “almost born”
Protect the lives of the living as much as you protect the unborn. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy
What do you know about it? How many times have you been pregnant. Go to hell.
You know who else feels pain? The millions of people who will lose healthcare if the ACA is repealed 
TELL THEM GIRL
Did you know an unwanted child feels pain it's entire life?
Did you know children in Puerto Rico are suffering now?  Did you know children need healthcare?
@March_for_Life @RepTrentFranks @thehill fyi, politicians are not trained physicians
Medical evidence of fetal pain. http://www.doctorsonfetalpain.com 
#StopCrimesAgainstHumanity
#NurembergRedux
You don't have the right to make that decision for me.  Abortions will always exist and should be safe
We should protect @PPact
Then we should disseminate free long term birth control eg IUDs for women in the state so no unwanted fetus has to feel this pain.
Liberals are unhinged. Wanted to kill a fetus after 5 months.  Seriously?  You think this is acceptable? If not five? When not ok to kill?
Please read the comments here. YOU are the minority
Get back to us when you care about life after birth.
How many unwanted children have you adopted?
Here is info on your gifts that arrive Thur and Fri.
Yea but you'll keep attempting to take healthcare away from my 3 month old daughter.
Did you know I just sent you a gift from Amazon? A book explaining the bible and a Ten Commandments poster. Contact info is on the gift rcpt
You're pro birth not pro life.  Pro life does not support repealing healthcare, regulations, higher minimum wage, clean water & air.
Did you know that that I sent the White House 20 copies of the Constitution so they can FINALLY read it?
Did you know there are just way to many laws that our President and staff have broken that we can't keep track anymore?
Did you people are dying/died in PR, Fl and TX due to the lack of concern for out citizens by ENTIRE government?
THIS is a lie and you know it!  The response to all three have been overwhelmingly.
Did you know our President has done nothing over the last week for Puerto Rico other than say they "owe money"?
LIE!
Did you know that our President has done NOTHING about our election being hacked?
Did you also know that the Solar Energy sector has surpassed Oil, Coal and Gas combined?
Did you also know that the Ten Commandments says it is a sin to lie?
@SenatorLankford   Hmm. You should know the Ten Commandments... I'll let you figure out which one this touches on.

https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/911269624913715202 …
When u going to pass a bill to help children that ARE born......
& how exactly do u plan on protecting that unborn life w the horrendous #GrahamCassidyBill that would cost ~$17K more per year for pregnancy
Did you also know Jesus would be trying to help Puerto Rico today?
Did you also know there are American Children already born that feel pain that the @GOP would prefer to just die without healthcare?
And what about healthcare afterwards.
Feeling pain is a rather silly standard. An insect feels pain. Do you want to ban insecticide? #badscience
or shoes?   You know cause I step on them.
The children of Puerto Rico are feeling pain right now, yet you do nothing to help them.
The efforts of Planned Parenthood has reduced Abortions to an all time low. Why are you trying to destroy it?
If I promise not get an abortion will you promise to Help P.R.? They are running out of food and water. Things that they will die with out
This is a lie.
Right, but you will vote to harm disabled children #hypocrite
Try caring abt brown Americans as much as you do for unborn babies. Call out 45/NFL comments & Arpaio pardon. #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Margaret Sanger, the founder of PP was a racist who wanted to exterminate Blacks.
We have been down the road with you before Jesse. You are the minority 34% that supports Trump.
Heartbeats seen on ultrasounds 4-5 weeks.Human life with no voice or choice.
You know what helps prevent abortion? Affordable healthcare and sex ed. If anything, your platform is tacitly pro-abortion.
Wrong. Canada has taxpayer funded healthcare and sex-ed and abortion rates are just as high.
Will Pelosi force Ryan to sabotage the Legislation.......??
Are you ok?
Ironic that "pro-lifers" CAUSE abortions by denying access to birth control and sex ed. There will always be abortions; focus on prevention.
Condoms are NOT fool proof. I mean, hello?? & when you teach only abstinence, kids grow up clueless. Fact. Abortion will always exist.
You said "people don't have access" I simply showed you that they do, to both things you spoke of... now ya know, ya MO RON.
Way to shift from you failure to repeal Obamacare, again, use an emotional issue and pretend the @SenateGOP are actually functioning.
Perhaps you should leave medical decisions to the doctors and the patients!
http://www.doctorsonfetalpain.com 
And, how about the pain the mother feels knowing that she makes the most painful decision of her life and then is punished by the gov. too?
Read this and think about it.
Hey, Lankford, do you think these people don't feel pain?? Is that why you're more than willing to kill THEM??
So, how do feel about the pain that child feels after being born and unwanted? Or with a dead mother, or living on the street?
I was a newborn abandonment. What exactly do these pro-lifers think happens to these children? Who protects them from pain while alive?
I suppose, at a maximum, you will feed, clothe, & provide health care & college tuition to them also.
Forced gestation = slavery
I have no flipping idea who U R. U don’t know me! Don’t tell me what I can do reproductively & I won’t tell you what to do with your penis!
What about the lives of our poor and sick? Should we not be providing them health care? @RepTrentFranks.
How doe @RepTrentFranks know?
We don’t know that for sure. But we do know they are children and they have a right to not be ripped into pieces at any stage.
Forced gestation = slavery.
We should continue to protect BORN lives, even if born with preexisting conditions.
