A difficult job is keeping America together just the opposite of what Obama did in every regressive liberal there is in this nation!
are you doing everything in your power to push for an independent investigation?
I'd also like to know this answer.
"unfortunate" how you are completely ignoring the reasons why he was fired and are going full steam ahead with the "Please ignore this" plan
Man up, Lankford. The time for PC party statements is over. Act on this with integrity or lose your job, it's that simple.
Senator Country over Party. You must do Your Job.
When can we expect "an explanation for his (Comey's) immediate firing?"  Also, when you answer, remember your "commitment to transparency."
Is it true you being told to say "There's no need for a special prosecutor " ??
Special Prosecutor. Now.
Please, prove me wrong that you will continue to tow the party line!! INSIST, DEMAND & FIGHT for an independent investigation
His firing was to cover up Trump’s Russia connection and we all, Republicans and Democrats, all know it.
Do the right thing. Appoint an independent council NOW. #ComeyFiring Timing is suspicious
I believe you & a lot of your republicans friends are going to be fired coming elections.
You posting this for your district but they know you are a coward and scared of Trump. Lot of republicans there, be a man and stand up.
It's so obvious why trump fired Comey and it had nothing to do with Hillary Clinton's emails!!!
You have to be living on deserted island  or a complete idiot not to know the obvious reason for Trump&cronies firing Comey!!!
Comey fired by "recused" AG & POTUS after asked DAG 4 additional funds/personnel for #TrumpRussiaInvestigation! #IndependentInvestigationNow
Don't be grateful for his service.  REMEMBER WHY HE WAS FIRED.  Trump fired the man investigating him.  It's time to stop pretending.
Show some Okie grit and determination. Call for an independent investigation. Get it out of partisan Congress or this cloud will not go away
I disagree with Comey on his actions. However, these actions occurred more than 110 days ago. If real reason, he should have been gone day 1
Please reassure your constituents that you will support a special prosecutor. Put party politics aside and let us have the truth!!!
Have all you peoplemaking comments, been paying attention? FBI lost public trust. That's enough clarity. He was politicizing the FBI.
Regardless of Comey, it's time for independent non-biased investigation. To many conflicts of interest and staffer Russian ties.
Isn't loss of public confidence, politicization of a Fed Agency, loss of Agency integrity & credibility enough to fire the Agency Director?
The issue is not the firing it is the firing during an investigation. That is why there has to be a independent non-biases investigation.
Need 2 Spec Prosecutors: 1) foreign gov't influence on the 2016 election; 2) negligent release of classified info by Hillary & her staff.
Director Comey became a political hack. He no longer had the support of the American people.
If DJT squashes the FBI investigation, where will the Senate Committee get information?  Is there money to hire investigators, or lawyers?
I don't know what you need he was fired because his boss Rod Rosenstein said he wasn't effective, quit being political and do your job
So, how about you support the appointment of a special prosecutor to continue the investigation into Trump????
I'm a constituent. I appreciate your stand on the Comey firing. But this means we need an independent investigation. Pls make happen!!
Do you support an independent investigation? Now is the time to speak up if you do.
I do agree that we should look to a new and competent Director. One that will recommend charges against Hillary Clinton & possibly Obama
And trump??   God you people gloss over anything and keep blaming Obama.
@Lankford, You need to do the right thing for Our Country and NOT for YOUR Party!!! Take a stand! Keep investigating!
Please call for an independent investigation
Did you swear on the bible to protect and serve the Constitution? Do the right thing. Oppose criminals in WH
Agreed. But now we need special prosecutor for Russia. Your constituent
Ask for an independent prosecutor
The senate has also lost trust of the people. Please restore and support an independent investigation.
Sir I live in your district. I find this alarming and we need a Special Prosecutor. Confidence is lacking in our President and the GOP
I call BULL. He had "lost the trust" over Clinton? Then why was he fired NOW? Why not in JAN? Timing is everything. You are selling us out!
Senator Lankford can you see the common wording and phrases being deployed on this thread? The dems are pushing unified rhetoric on here.
#saveamerica
Ask yourself "If this were HRC w.w.i.d?". Then get on Fox News and start talking to your other buddies about a special prosecutor, already!
Independent investigation Now
Pres. Trump should have fired Comey on Jan 21 & Dems would have agreed on that day! Comey was a disaster! Appoint judges!
It has never been clearer. The American people deserve a #SpecialProsecuter I hope you support this!
Please do the right thing and demand a special prosecutor. Country over party! #HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
If he couldn't do the job the honorable thing for him to have done was resign! He made a mockery of our justice system.
My Senator, don't fall for all these hired bots. You and your fellow committee members can do the job. We in Oklahoma trust you to do so!
Please call for an independent prosecutor. The need has never been more obvious.
What does RU have on @SenateGOP? Honor Your Oath. #IndependentInvestigationNow
Can't wait to vote you out of office.
Please support at #SpecialProsecutor.
#America DEMANDS #SpecialProsecutor appointed by Congress. If you want America to ever trust you you must have a #INDEPENDANTINVESTAGATION
Opera non verbus, your actions do not match your words
Comey had to go.
As your constituent, I am calling on you to move for an independent commission & special prosecutor. Defend our democracy or it will die.
Where's America's Big Fat Door for #Refugees? Looked everywhere/not found/got lost. Pls send the coordinates over here. It's urgent, u know.
How will you look your children in the eyes if you don't defend the democracy you swore to uphold. Your name will live in infamy.
Please put country before party. Call for a special prosecutor. It's the only way to banish the perception of corruption in our White House.
As your constituent, I am asking, pleading even, for you to choose our country over your party. We are in crisis. Special prosecutor NOW.
It had better be a 'thorough and fair' vetting of the next FBI director, because I am losing all faith and trust in the process lately.
Isn't it time for an independent prosecutor?
 stand by your President or get out of his way, sir. I am a constituent of yours and i ask you for loyalty now.Thank you
All three letters make this even more bizarre! Independent procescuter!
Don't just be troubled. Do something. America deserves it
And surely you will be in support of a special prosecutor right? Greetings from Edmond OK
What will you stand for?
And...?!
If you consider yourself a "true Patriot" the people of the US will stand for nothing less.#SpecialProsecutor Yates, Clapper, Bahreet Comey
With all due respect Senator,your letter reveals you're just a GOP lackey.  Your constituents should vote you out&elect a person w integrity
Please call for a special prosecutor and #ImpeachTrump.
I am a constituent and I dont beg you I warned you and Inhofe this was going to happen remember 1974 Nixon..3x..#SpecialProsecutor #Treason
Senators; he was investigating collusion w/ a foreign power. Stop mourning it like he died & do the check on exec branch. #CountryOverParty
As your constituent, I urge you to do the right thing and INVESTIGATE the President. He's making a mockery of our nation.
@SenatorBurr thank you sir, for being an American before a republican. Democracy needs heroes today. Stand up 4 the people
This milquetoast statement competely ignores the need to put our country ahead of your party NOW. History won't look kindly on the complicit
stand up for your country and make a statement.
you know that Donald Trump is a very bad person who is trying his best to destroy our Democracy. Don't stand for it!
Sir, we are BEGGING you. Be a man of courage and stand up for this country and democracy. This is the moment in time for patriots to rise.
Special prosecutor. Now!!!!!
#IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor for #TrumpRussia
You, of all people, know the hypocrisy of posting the need for explanations, yet hide Behind burr's actual principles #spewyououtofhismouth
Country above party please
Constituent here! Independent investigation & special prosecutor NOW. Country over party, sir.
Dear @SenatorLankford, please choose country over party. Deep in your heart, you KNOW this is not normal. These are dark times. #bethelight
As one of your constituents, I implore you to support a special prosecutor and an independent investigation into Trump and Russia.
I'm a constituent. This statement plays both sides of the issue. You call for clarity while adopting the WH position. I'm not fooled.
Trump asked him to stay in that position in 11/16. 3/17 he fired him. Did he do it for his friend Rupert Murdoch? Himself
Lankford lays low.  U won't hear anything else from him.  Call his office every single day.  Vote him out if he chooses party over country.
Sir, you have an obligation to your constituents for truthful transparent investigation. Stop the party political language.
Please be ethical and not political.  Something is not right here with President Trump.
"#JamesComey had an incredibly difficult job"

He sure did considering his boss was a whinning, crying, narcissistic temper tampering child.
country over party or you are complicit. Don't any of you believe in doing the right thing?
INVESTIGATION & a special counsel. Trump fired Preet Bahara - States Attorney NY who was investigating Trump Tower & Fox
& Trump is MEETING tomorrow in Oval Office with the Russian suspected of orchestrating the Hack of our election!! WHAT will Republicans DO?!
Sen. Langford, now is the time America needs elected officials to ensure that a special commission investigates the Trump administration.
This is skirting this real issue!  We need an independent investigator to look into 45's ties with Russia.
Trump is trying to hinder the investigation & install a stooge to stop it. We now definitely need an INDEPENDENT
Not good enough Senator.  Republicans NEED to decide if they stand with this COUNTRY or with the Party of Trump! 25th Amendment!
No confirmation on anybody until an independent investigation and special prosecutor appointed
I voted for you. I live in Tulsa county...I am depending on you to make sure there is a special independent prosecutor.  #savedemocracy #usa
Special prosecutor time!
The Republican Congress will be compared to the 1974 Republicans who put Country before Party and removed Nixon. #Comey
Too late, Senator. Where have you been? Your party is compromised. We will never forget.

#compromised
You must call for an independent counsel!
Please be a #Patriot , not a partisan hack.
The GOP has lost trust.  And, continues to do so.   Sorry to burst your bubble.  GOP is party over country.
Are you going to do anything about Comey firing and Russian ties with Trump? #independentinvestigator
Our democracy has been damaged.  Demand a special prosecutor!  Sally Yates comes to mind.
We aren't stupid! We know the reason for the timing. This is weak. Be strong.
thank you Senator.
Sir.... there needs to be a special prosecutor appointed before a new FBI director is allowed.  The Republic is at stake.
This is alarming, an obstruction of justice, and the @POTUS must be impeached.
Please act on this. This screams of coverup. We need an independent commission.
Special prosecutor. Put country ahead of party
Special prosecutor.
Independent prosecutor now. Patriotism over party. Don't be on wrong side of history.
73069 here demanding a special prosecutor.
Please support an Independant Prosecutor put Country over Party our democracy depends on it & you show your values
.@SenatorLankford Then demand an independent investigation! Stand up for this country and for democracy! #CountryBeforeParty
...then demand a special prosecutor and independent investigation for #Trumprussia!
Senator Do you support a special prosecutor for the Russia investigation?
Support an independent prosecutor.
Will you support a Special Prosecutor?  An Independent Commission?  Are you a patriot??
Sir, when will enough be enough? When does country come before party? When do you draw the line in the sand? #impeach
Did u forget to add "I demand an independent investigation into Russia, bc the timing of this firing is suspect as hell?"
Independent investigation, please!
Follow your instincts. You must demand an independent investigation. The country depends on you.
That's it? That's all you got?
Call for an independent prosecutor to look into #TrumpRussia
Please call and support a 9-11 style prosecutor and act immediately to prevent record destruction at the FBI.
Support the appointment of a special prosecutor !
The timing of the Trump/Sessions firing of Comey is beyond suspect. We need an independent commission or divisions will only deepen.
Please put country before party & get to the truth!!
Special prosecutor right now!
Sir you need to stand up and support investigation of DJT admin. To do otherwise is to collude with his ridiculous actions
Will Trump Fire the next one as well ? Comey deserves better then this. Trump needs Inpeached we need our leaders.
If you don't call for a special prosecutor, you lose all credibility.  Your actions will be remembered.  We'll make sure of that.
I'm one of your constituents, and I too demand an independent investigation of this Administration's ties to Russia. Do the right thing.
before we can find another FBI director let's get a special prosecutor!
country before party appoint a special prosecutor #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
We need an independent investigation now. It doesn't matter who the next FBI director is-he will be hand picked by Trump. Do the right thing
My hope is that you'll appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Orange 45 corruption allegations. Thank you
We need a special prosecutor. Lead, don't dodge responsibility!
Please choose country over party. We need a Special Prosecutor. Now.
Country before party. Now. We beg of you. Enough is enough.
support an independent probe or lose your seat. you are not safe
This appears to be obstruction of justice during an ongoing investigation
Will you support a special prosecutor??
special prosecutor for the Russian investigation now please!
Sen Lankford, we need a full explanation for the reasons that Dir. Comey was fired today. Time for an independent prosecutor.
No one should be above the law. It is time for an independent investigation.
So act. You have the power to treat the Trump investigation with what you call for here a THOROUGH and fair process. DO YOUR JOB.
.@SenatorLankford, Do you support a special prosecutor for the Russia investigation?
Do you support a special prosecutor for the Russia investigation?
I'm an Oklahoman and you all need to stop letting Trump do whatever he wants. This is stuff that dictators do.
How unfortunate that you don't see the power grab that just jumped up in your face.
You want to confirm a @realDonaldTrump lackey with a "thorough and fair process"? What a joke
Another shitty statement from the @GOP
.@SenatorLankford Constituent here, do you support a special prosecutor for Russia investigation?
Independent counsel or you support corruption.
NO NEW DIRECTOR UNTIL THERE IS AN INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR TO TAKE TRUMP BEHIND THE WOODSHED.
If you are grateful for his service then you should want an INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR to get to the bottom of his firing!! #TrumpRussia
Do you agree in light of this sudden dismissal we need a special prosecutor to ensure America is kept safe?
I ask this as a resident of the state of Oklahoma. We need an investigation independent of Trump's future appointment.
Weak statement, Senator, and duly noted.
Comey helped trump steal a election. If the investigation into Russia and the Trump campaign stops because of this it will end the GOP.
The Republican Party needs to wash their hands of possible Russian/Trump ties. Get a special prosecutor, it's Country not Party!
Bla Bla Bla. Comey should have been fired long ago. I am glad he is gone and disappointed that you are making excuses for him.
Your fellow citizens are counting on YOU to put country over the con man who has hijacked your party.
Say all you want to placate everyone but the real tests will be how you vote
If you really want to honor James Comey, then stand up for your country and condemn the tyrant @realDonaldTrump!
This is not the right answer.
"The heroes of Watergate were really Republicans." - Carl Bernstein. This is a time for American heroes. It's your call, Senator.
