Still Obama's thank him til October..then watch as the bottom falls out..
&what about email dump re the FBI via a FOIA reveals collusion between the media & DOJ to squash the story re meeting between Lynch&Clinton
Oh give your factless BS a rest.
And your facts came from sources you know personally - yeah, sure - you're probably waiting for ocean property in Arizona, also
Start with snopes first then go from there. Also where is your outrage for the fiscal irresponsibility of your party and president?
what are you talking about "fiscal responsibility" - Trump does not even spend US money & do you have a 401K? If so, do you know its value ?
oh, sorry. You are right. Russia must be paying for all his golf trips. He flys Air Force one, has to take a huge entourage...
at least it is not my tax dollars -like old obama
Not thanks to you! Are you, like Trump, taking credit for something you have no hand in? Your a hypocrite!
Thank you @realDonaldTrump 
Not trump but nice try.
great job by  Trump that's why millions of dems like me voted him in. We will vote him in again!
That downwards trend was well underway w/obama adm.+he started the downwards trend yet republicans criticized+now trump gets praise
Provide proof. Has to be before  Nov 8th
And no above is not proof. A lower unemployment rate means nothing when it does not include the deflation of salaries and going to hourly.
Um...yeah. Has nothing to do with "regulatory halt." Everything to do with actions of previous administration. #ThanksObama #GOPLies
I am maybe a little slow on the up take but please remind me what Obama economic policies set the table for economic growth during last 6 mo
All the policies put in place to drag us out of '08 recession under Bush set the table. Job growth since '10. Greater under Obama, Trumpkin.
And, as it says in my profile, I block bots. So bye now, Trumpkin!
on job report, similar to that under Obama. Confidence rally based on congress getting thru tax reform. Leading indicator!
Thanks to Pres Obama! Yeah

Apparently it takes 8yr and 6mo. To work a business according to libtards, why most of you aren't rich, but hey, your politicians are^^
I thought Dem's problem was that they are elitist. Interesting that you believe otherwise.
There is nothing elite about assisted living Bernie,no matter how much you want him to drive you to Moscow himself. Is Bern feelin the burn?
And as you stated above, you are assuming something about someone you have not met.
No ive met plenty of Libs just like you, nothing new.  And believe that last admin was great.  But I never mentioned your education lvl.
Uhhh...  "libtard" ring a bell?
So triggered.  you can have insane amounts of education, have every degree under the sun and still be a Libtard.  U still don't get this?
Why are we talking education levels? Provide responses that you have real understanding of economics...
Here is an explanation for you.
This Is a better analysis of US unemployment than most people ever see. The economy isn't working for millions. 

http://flip.it/NI-.9w 
Evidently 45 has not remembered this is a thank you Obama..gosh I guess we were fiscally responsible..October will tell the tale of Trump.
absolutely no evidence that the trend is due to 'regulatory halt'.
 Whatever
Dan, glad to see you continue to ignore facts. Well, or no facts in this case.
GOP added less during Trump Presidency than Obama added in 2016. SAD
Grassley & Blumenthal are IDIOTS!  What is going on in DC?  Obvious they are in someone's back pockets! BACK OUR PRESIDENT!
Imagine the number of Jobs if 45 and Ivanka brought their shit over from China to be made here and not employ Immigrants at Mar a lago
More proof trickle down doesn't trickle it lines the pockets of the corporations and doesnt go to the workers.
No one but Pres Trump could accomplish this for the American people. Support his agenda and be outspoken about it.
Wonderful assessment and way to use your brain unlike the libtarded twits tweeting on the twittersphere. #MAGA
Brain users are rebalancing their portfolios regularly before hopping on twitter. Just sayin'.
Are you gloating about how great your stocks are doing?  They just been going up this past 6 months right?  Tool.  Say "thanks Trump." #MAGA
Nope. I'm saying most people know it's a bubble.
This is correct. There are no economic drivers for the increase and it is going to burst.
No reasons for economic boost?  Business are just hiring people for sole purpose of the USA saving face?  U obviously don't get economics
See my response on other thread. Stocks market is being carried on a wave of optimism for higher corp profits. Optimism is fickle.
End #H1bVisa Stop allowing US jobs given to IMPORTED workers
Can debate this but what isn't debatable is that today your citizens are getting charity care from traveling clinic.Lets get everyone care.
Keep supporting President Trump.
This has nothing to do do with @realDonaldTrump  "regulatory hocus pocus" for more than 6 yrs @POTUS44 @BarackObama improved employment
And you have absolutely nothing to do with it. Credit goes to  @potus
Obama left you guys in a pretty nice situation.  You should thank him!
You may need to visit Spirit Aeronautics who made the employees vote for salary freezes over 10 yrs.  Only cost of living increase..PROGRESS
Thanks to the POTUS!!! 
Do to the fact we have business men running the country
Thank you President Obama.
I'm sure you'll give dt a pat on the back for the good job he's done!!  But you should say, Thanks Obama!
We're one of those who voted to change the appointments clause? Do ya'll realize we don't like that one bit? 2018 20 and 22 come quickly
I think you should stick to what you know. Letting teenagers get pregnant at Falls Creek and pandering to donors.
Thanks Obama.
Thanks to Obama and not y'all
One more reason you need to step up your support of or President and his policy's
Thanks president obama!
Great for the wealthy, but not so great for regular people, our environment or comsumers.
Where's Our REPEAL AND REPLACE  Waiting 8 Long years and still no Vote ! We're a walking Liability' ' Broke ' 2 Jobs ' No Vacation time Ever
Our insurance is going up 45%. Already pay 1200 month and Husband has cancer. We have to be able to live. Going to pay penalty and pray.
God Bless You!  Praying across America
Thanks you. Deeply appreciate it.
Your Welcome Margaret From OKLAHOMA 
That says NOTHING about regulatory halt. The rate of job growth is LESS than before Trump so your logic is flawed. Please be honest. namaste
Thank you President Obama!  Your leadership averted total economic collapse in 2008!
Considering none of Trump's economic policies are in place yet, I guess you are giving a shout out to President Obama.
Thank you Obama!
Thank you Obama! Without your economic polices we would be in the greatest depression since the last time Republicans were in power!
Do your damn job. Quit regurgitating GOP talking points. #dydj
You don't have an econ degree, do you? We've been at/near full employment 4 some time. It's unsustainable, btw, esp. w/cuts to immigration.
I should say unsustainable w/o sparking inflation concerns which is a worry as wages are stagnant.
Did you say that when obama brought it there last year?
@jbartash Thank you President Trump!!!! Support Trump!!!

@jbartash With NO help from you & the other Slackers. Support Trump!!
Imagine what Potus could do without the congressional anchor around his neck?!
Which ones . Plz cite them.
Only thing regulatory halt brings is dirty air and water. Oh and don't forget the earthquakes in OK!
Too bad wages aren't increasing.  No regulation means pocketed profits...
This is correct.
Keep representing your fellow Oklahomans lankford,we will keep voting for you as long as you keep working for America to become great again.
Cue libtards giving cred to obama.  Wrong libtards, obviously don't understand how business works.  Just believed what Obama told you. #MAGA
Interesting assessment. Wrong, but interesting.
So you didn't believe what Obama told you?  Well did you believe him telling you that regime change is good?  Yep you did.  Cry some more.
I'm going to go ahead and assume here that, like Lankford, your economics education isn't top notch. It's all good. Matches your grammar.
3sinnings... matches that you probably watch horse-porn, Kathy Griffith isis tapes and have penny stocks in used dildos.  It's all good.
Thanks to the efforts begun by Pres Obama! Happy birthday to him today too
Is there a list of the regulations that were halted? I hear about it in general but I don't know the actual details & am curious.
Notice when it started?
"Says who?"
Thanks Obama
But he cheated us too long
At what expense? The planet? The poisoning of American people? The production of inferior products? Corporate self policing doesn't work!
Thank you, Barack Obama!!  GOP can't own this jobs report!
You could not be more wrong
Jobless rate has been trending in the right direction for quite some time yet you just now seemed to notice wonder why
Thanks Obama!
Thanks, Obama
#ThanksObama
That is crazy.  The decline started 2009 and continues today.  Removing regulations not the cause.  We don't know what the effects will be.
Funny story, last GOP president inherited a robust economy and nearly destroyed it before Obama saved us from catastrophe
#coattails
Interesting chart, Senator.

When is a good time to impeach Trump?
Thanks Obama.
 u wish
Yeah. Great job @GOP
BREAKING: Stocks fall, Dow turns negative, after WSJ reports that Special Counsel Mueller has impaneled grand jury https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/03/us-stocks-dow-22000-earnings.html … 
And the bubble starts to burst
Thanks OBAMA
Not even close
#ThanksObama
U dream
Please look at the graph before you tweet. This is nothing but a continuation of the trend. Trump's economic policies aren't in place yet.
Legacy of the Obama presidency!  Thank you, Barack.
Barack only dabbled in government jobs. Not real jobs

