And how many educators have you heard from who oppose DeVos? I've taught at UCO, OSU, OU College of Med, & UT-Knoxville ... @SenatorLankford
I know literally hundreds of educators in K-12, undergrad, grad, & Med school. I don't know anyone who supports DeVos. @SenatorLankford
WHY are you not listening to your constituents @SenatorLankford? They overwhelmingly oppose DeVos! She is uniquely unqualified. #DumpDevos
@JenniferJ_Davis great idea - lets see some stats on the calls, e-mails, etc you've received on this
As an educator I oppose Devos. She has zero qualifications for the job. Please vote NO, our children's futures are at stake
Please report statistics of calls for and against Devos. I am one of thousands of OK educators who asked you to vote NO.
thank you! I would also love to see this information!
hopefully all will remember next time he's up for election.
sad fact.
Ni .
wow - you won't even acknowledge all the anti DeVos messages you have received. Disappointed. You have lost this R support
oh good you found that one person who supports your decision to kill public education.
My parents are retired teachers and my brother is a teacher. We all say no to DeVos. As do the 100's that have called you.
Is Ms. Grier a real person?  Because I don't know any OK residents who are in favor--MANY against who have called you.
Hey, I know this is an old tweet, but I wanted to tell you that yes, Ms. Grier is a real person. I feel confident in saying that she was the single most reviled teacher in Edmond Public Schools when I was there. She is an awful, angry person who seems to hate her students.
Did you even reach out to #oklaed? Supporting #DeVos is a deal you took to get your "Pulpit Politics" a floor vote. #shame
I have emailed you to ask that you NOT support DeVos. We need an experienced, competent choice and she is not that!
Are these more 'alternative facts'? She never taught in schools.  You know we can actually watch the hearings right?
I feel like you want to  be brave and stand up for what is right. I understand party loyalty, but it should only go so far.
do all those calls to your office NOT to confirm her mean nothing? You don't rep OK you only rep the Republican party.
have you listened to the thousands and thousands of educators that disagree?
Too many negatives & lack of qualifications to support DeVos as education secretary...so, no!
you are showing that you are part of what is wrong with Washington. Oklahoma says #NoonDeVos
You're actually suggesting your constituents have voiced support for DeVos? Nonsense
and how many of your constituents did you hear from who did NOT want Ms DeVos? Doesn't matter, u go where the  is! 
You cherry-pick one teacher who supports DeVos and ignore the tens of thousands of other teachers who oppose her. Why?
could you give the number of constituents that contacted you saying vote NO?
If I can vote both sides of the aisle, so can you. Be bold, be brave.
what about all of those who've told you #DumpDevos or #NotoDeVos  compared to the few who've said yes?
one out 500 or so? Selective hearing Senator. SHAME SHAME SHAME
I have no clue why so many people are happy with our current education system &want to maintain status quo. Yes to DeVos.
We aren't happy, we want change, but not DeVos change. Yes to public school, No to vouchers.
Hmm. Ok, why "no to vouchers?" What do you have against parents choosing their kids' schools?
Thus the poor remain in underfunded public system. It's segregation by way of welfare 4 wealthy. 3/3
So, what you're saying is, you dont trust parents to make the effort to get their kids to good schools?
for students w/ parents who don't care/who are caught in poverty cycle there's no choice. Fight for them!
you are CLEARLY NOT LISTENING TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!!!

, Ms. Grier, is the 1st one. I have taught in both/ my English Language Learners deserve the best. DeVos is not it. Vote NO
What about the higher percentage of us that oppose #DeVos? This isn't about your wants. YOU WORK FOR US! #VoteNoDeVos
you’re pretty deranged if you believe your constituents support this woman.
apparently you are not keeping a count. Vote NO on DeVos
glad you found one teacher that supports that idiot. Too bad you didn't listen to thousands of us who oppose her.
my 1st grade public school educated son read your tweet and comments.  His reply, "Why is he lying, Momma?" #NotoDeVos
I am an educator and worked in public and private OK schools and I do not support DeVos. Vote No!
are you going to retweet the 73+ responses to this Tweet. I will they were all telling u to vote NO on DeVos #oklaed
embarrassed to be from Oklahoma
you continue to ignore the multitude of your constituents who oppose her confirmation. In 6 years you will understand.
you are a joke!! We'll remember this and your career in public service is OVER

I am a voter, a parent, then a teacher.  I have asked you to vote NO on DeVos.
How comfortable are you with #BetsyDeVos dishonest figures? OK Virtual Charters are not 91% try 40% https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/02/01/the-good-evasive-and-very-bad-answers-betsy-devos-gave-to-questions-from-democrats-about-education/?utm_term=.744bc3e093bf …
Yeah...I'm going to go ahead and say you are picking one out of a million there buddy. #OklaEd is pretty united on this one
DON'T IGNORE US..VOTE NO ON DEVOSS...Or loose your job!!!!!!!!
Don't spend our money to build a wall that won't solve the issue.
(oops if HE votes to confirm her) we must show him if he doesn't listen we will make sure he losses HIS seat
if her votes to confirm her I hope all of you will get out & work to make sure Lankford losses YUGE going forward.
vote for DeVoss & I will work hard to not get u elected. Your choice, her job or yours
uneducated poor constituents vote the way they are told
with her in charge, education will soon become only for the wealthy but I guess that is the plan
All I see is the people of OK want you to vote no. Who are you afraid of, @realDonaldTrump @SteveBannon69
just one? Sounds about right.
her husband must work in oil.
what about the hundreds who have written and called in opposition? DO YOUR JOB.
Ms Grier may support #BetsyDeVos - how much $$ has she rec'd from DeVos? No charters in SE OK - NO on DeVos!
count me as another constituent against DeVos. The teachers I know in your district also oppose her. Please reconsider
Oklahomans do not approve #DeVosconfirmation, listen to the people!
#PartyBeforeState  #PaycheckBeforeState 
just read through the comments on this thread and not one of support. For #transparency provide some data from call/emails
for years they defund state edu, ruin our edu system, and then say private sector is our only option! This is criminal!
let's vote for TERM LIMITS then maybe our senators would actually listen to us rather than their donors.
your vote certainly didn't represent me or pretty much anyone I know. Disappointed as usual.
so you found one? Whew!
Is it also "great" to hear from people who disagree? Or are we wasting our time?
Call him again!   You have the weekend to convince him how much OK doesn't support DeVos.
Release the statistics on calls from your constituents on this topic, Senator.
wasn't it great to here from me. I don't support her. I personally don't know one person that does. Vote no!
son of educators, one superintendent one teacher, and neither my parents nor their counterparts support DeVos.
I don't when your seat is up for re-election, but I intend to find out and vote against you. Xoxo.
2022. We will remember.
are you really that thick? Or are you getting a little quid pro quo? I don't which would be worse.
Have you been to a public school in OK? They need money not a dimwit billionaire trying to privatize them or shut them down
call his office! Social media comments don't have the same effect as a call (202) 224-5754
I called. His ofc isn't bothering to take names and addresses of those opposed. Couldn't care less who we are.
once again you have discounted the wishes and voted for an incompetent person to guide our schools.  You will pay for this.
my mother was an math:science teacher in low income school for 20+ years and she is AGAINST #BetsyDeVos VOTE NO
It sounds like Ms. Grier is the only constituent who wants @BetsyDeVos. #VoteNoDevos
how many educators have supported her versus how many parents?
Educators across the country at all levels and kinds of school want #noDevos. You don't want a teacher uprising. #promise
not a happy camper here Senator. Looks like your mind is made up. Very disappointed. There are better candidates out there
Well, Miss Dinkel has taught in public & private schools for 36 yrs in OK and DOESN'T support Ms. DeVos! Now what? #oklaed
Either you support the American dream, or you don't. Vote No.
Our education system is in shambles thanks to the thinking of people like DeVos who want to defund public ed. VOTE NO.
please vote no on #DeVos. She has no experience in public ed. Many constituents have called to express their disapproval.
There are about 325 million Americans, and you really think she's the best choice? You are a reliable disappointment.
We the grassroots who have fought hard against common core do NOT agree with this pick.  #noDevos @RopeOK @Tulsa912Project
More calls for or against DeVos,Jim?We want to know what your constituents called & asked you to do for them. Love America
How many of your educators DON'T support her?  Plenty I've heard - but apparently you haven't heard them.  Sad!
yes apparently you only want to hear from those who agree with you. I oppose DeVos
@PattyMurray  As a former preschool teacher, school board member, & Senator committed to strong for public education, NO
buwhaha..and now your a national fool..caught you on #BetsyDeVos..you really need to up your game
This is in no way, shape or form, anything resembling a receipt. Have a seat.
it's also great to hear from @DanaMor31686745 an educator for many years in public schools who opposes DeVos.
You are such a tool..she paid most of the Repubs and Trump to tune of 30 mil..Owes Ohio 5.3 in election fraud charges..
can you provide more than one example of support?
Wouldn't it be a statement of American unity if Oklahoma's senator left party lines and voted for kids !
Just curious, what's the tally on FOR and AGAINST calls/emails/letters?
NO!! NO ONE SUPPORTS HER!! schools across the country will suffer & our next generation will suffer bc she's not inclusive
listen to your constituents.
are you trying to make yourself feel better because we all know you will fall in line and vote a yes for her.
#DeVos is only for students that are rich, white, straight, and protestant and don't forget that she is against special ed
no. Vote no. DeVos is unqualified.
Did they actually watch the hearing? Are they aware that #DeVos has no idea what she is doing? Vote No
And how many constituents have asked you to vote No? Every educator I know is vehemently opposed to DeVos.
DITTO, Senator! NO on DeVos - she knows squat about public schools!
