After seeing all the replies, the consensus is for no SCOTUS appointment until the investigation has concluded.
Once that concludes, maybe you should ask whoever's @POTUS to nominate Merrick Garland (GOP ignored rule of law/duties)!
You would not even consider Garland, nominated by Obama, but feel free to lecture others? 
two words: Merrick Garland.
*slow claps
I would love to hear an explanation on how this is worse than refusing to even hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
Some would argue (read: your constituents) that not giving Merrick Garland a hearing was an extreme idea too.
how about voting to confirm @BetsyDeVosED against the overwhelming wishes of your constituents?
#MerrickGarland
The seat rightfully belongs to Merrick Garland!  Deal with it and quit whinning!
how about suggesting that anyone @HillaryClinton nominated would be blocked indefinitely?
how about refusing to even consider Merrick Garland? No one should be confirmed until he gets an up-or-down vote
But refusing to consider Garland was not an extreme idea in your book?
This might be the least self-aware statement I've ever seen. @dubgeez @Paymz @theQtip
seriously. How do they do this with a straight face??
Two wrongs certainly don't make a right, but consider a refusal to even consider a nomination. #Bipartisan #WorkTogether
But not even hearing #MerrickGarland for a year ISN'T extreme?
Gorsuch is not Merrick Garland, and thus you are a hypocrite for not having the good sense to be embarrassed by this tweet.
did you really just type the word filibustering?  Oh Senator! Your sarcasm is precious!
Here's an extreme idea. Stop ignoring your constituents
Does failure to legislate include the refusal to consider Judge Garland, you enormous hypocrite?

ForA S martManYouDon'tKnowMuch!  
DidUforgetTheDisruption/Last8yrs. YouRepublicans shutDownTheGov,HrdWkgPplDn'tGetPd4aMonth
MERRICK GARLAND!
That's really rich after an 11 month obstruction by Repubx.
you wouldn't even hv a hearing for the man who prosecuted the OKC bomber. You've ceded the moral high ground on this issue
as One of your constituents, I'm deeply disappointed you didn't push for a hearing on Garland.
oh, and not allowing a hearing on obama's choice is? hypocrite! no electoral college in 2018! #2018byatches
Refused to answer questions at hearing. Obviously hid his real views. Too far right for Thomas and Alito-reversed 8-0. 8-0!
then why did Republicans refuse to hold hearings to confirm Judge Merrick Garland?
so was refusing to hold hearings for Obama's appointee, why didn't that bother you? Hypocritical isn't it?
You extremists need to go.But thank you 4 all the exposure of who you really are.  Americans will NOT b stupid next time
You have successfully removed Christ from Christianity with your rhetoric.
What about refusing to meet with a legitimate nominee? #GarlandNotGorsuch
#MerrickGarland deserved a vote. It was not law to block it. He should already be part of #SCOTUS
Marrick Garland sir.
Normally I would agree, but failing to follow your constitutional duty to even look at a Presidential nomination?  Voids
why didn't Garland at least get a hearing? #honestquestion
The Dems have to denigrate anything done well by the Republicans because it threatens their theory of superiority.
you're kidding right... you can't be serious can you how can you be such a hypocrite #shameful
@chuckschumer wants a justice who screams "F*** the constitution" on public TV and will accept nothing less.
After your treatment of Obama's nominee, you don't deserve to have Gorsuch voted in.  Then, he doesn't deserve it either.
Are you at least understanding how many people do not support your pandering?! I've heard something about hypocrisy some...
you're a hypocrite. But you knew that.
You are the worst Texan "in" Oklahoma.
Break your Koch ties!
MERRICK GARLAND! Your hypocrisy is stunning!
What a short and selective memory you have.
House Rs passed a rule that allows them to bring #Trumpcare up for a vote at ANY time with only ONE hour notice #MartialLaw
Of course they have no reason, that never stopped them before on anything they do... for no reason.
You've forgotten how Garland was treated as a nominee. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Why are you so eager to confirm a nom by an admin under FBI investigation? What does that say about your morals?
Intel cmte chief is a traitor and you backed him makes you no better than he is Russia in your background too? ur chummy
Like when you refused to have hearing for Garland? Hypocrite. Gorsuch is not a good candidate.
oh you mean like you all (essentially) did last year when Dems had a nominee? Hm...
you are a hypocrite of the highest order. Merrick Garland.
your party filibustered Robert Wilkins, Patricia Miller and Nina Pilllard to DC Circuit Court. We're not short of memory.
Senator, just wondering.  Do you ever answer a tweet.  If you can't answer, perhaps Allie will answer for you.
the dems are just doing what you Republicans taught them to do this time around! You're getting a little of Ur own medicine
Trump shouldn't be allowed to choose a justice in the last year of his presidency.
Is there something wrong with your memory?  MERRICK GARLAND. You need to reflect on some things.
Wrong! Garland should have the SCOTUS Seat! GOP Obstructed in 2016! Shame on YOU!
hey, I totally agree with this. But why didn't you say that when your party did the same with Garland?
.@SenatorLankford refusing to even hold a confirmation hearing 293 days for #MerrickGarland was an extreme idea yet you did it.
You have zero ground to stand on due to you and your colleagues choice not to consider Judge Garland last year for #SCOTUS
Follow the money ! Koch Bros, aka Citizens United, want Gorsuch. Always think *koch$* when JL dares to issue a statement.
We all know a Senator Lankford is a Koch Brother Baby!
hmm what would the republicans do if the shoe was on the other foot. Oh wait, we already know!!
Having your decision unanimously overturned by SCOTUS is extreme. Gorsuch decision overturned: http://supremecourt.gov/opinions/16pdf …
why did you oppose a hearing for Merrick Garland?
what about refusing a hearing to a nominee altogether? #MerrickGarland
@realDonaldTrump shouldn't pick a SCOTUS nom during the final year of his term. Let the people decide. #kremlingate
No more so than denying Merrick Garland a hearing. #hypocrisy
and it wasn't extreme to not hold hearings for the last nominee?
seriously? You seriously just wrote this tweet? Like for real? Like Merrick Garland isnt still waiting on his SCOTUS seat?
Boy it wasn't extreme when the GOP talked about holding out 4 years if Hillary was elected. What changed 
Also the president is under FBI investigation I'm not sure You guys should even consider voting on this right now.
Your party refused to even hold hearings for an equally well-qualified candidate.  How do you justify that??
Merrick??? Garland????????
Oh please. Have a town hall in person how about that?
It's Garland's seat. Cloud of treason hangs over @GOP & WH. @potus on path to impeachment. @TheDemocrats are right to do it
You did not go there, did you?  Do you suppose we have forgotten that this Supreme Court seat was stolen?
@WillisShepherd their ridiculous, condescending questions were hazard to watch. They are unhinged. #gorsuch
.@SenatorLankford Also my husband is a truck driver & considering how little value he has for their lives I'm not sure he deserves the seat.
When the person who nominated him is under investigation, I say we should wait to confirm #WeStandTogether
So, what do you call not even bringing Merrick Garland to a vote?  Serious question.
remember that time the GOP wouldn't hold hearings for Obama's SCOTUS pick?  Spare us your hypocritical whining.
I mean, you are the poster child for hypocrisy so I guess it makes sense you'd tweet this. #MerrickGarland
@StewSays what about refusing to even give a hearing to a #SCOTUSnominee  - would that qualify?
As is not even considering Merrick Garland, lest you forget and go all hypocritical on us.
IT'S MERRICK GARLAND'S SEAT
it wasn't extreme last year for the GOP. The GOP started this silly game, dont cry wolf now.
seriously?? You're saying this now??? It's called turn about is fair play.
lol.
Please don't be a hypocrite about this. How soon you conveniently forget.
.@SenatorLankford And is that more "extreme" than violating longstanding Senate rules & tradition by not even holding a hearing for Garland?
Oh spare us all. It's nothing compared to what your idiotic party did to Obama's pick. Thievery & hypocrisy at its finest
When is your town hall Mr Lankford?  Your constitutes here in Oklahoma have many questions.
he cowardly held one on facebook live yesterday.
The SCOTUS overruled one of his decisions. Oh, I know rule of law.
However, refusing to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland was extreme.  What's good for the goose...
Also, may do well to remember that Dems represent majority of US population. Work with them.
actually that is incorrect. The majority of Americans are now registered as independents.
The majority of Americans voted for HRC, presumably looking to Dems to protect their interests.
Right.. thats why Repubs won the WH, Senate, and House. I didnt even vote 4 Trump, but your statements are (1)
Ever hear of the Electoral College?  9 Million more Americans voted for someone else other than Trump. 9 Mil
Trump won the electoral college. Youre referring to the popular vote.
I made that pretty clear.
Siding with corporations over freezing truck drivers is pretty extreme.  We need a judge who understands real people.
Because you refused to even hold a hearing for the last well qualified justice?!  Turnabout is fair play, no?
@All100Senators Merrick Garland. Remember him?
im still waiting to hear how many constituents voiced their approval for #AHCA vs those that opposed it?
I asked his interns the same thing about DeVos. I received an email telling me the dems had skewed my opinion
It was a real nice slap in the face to a well-informed constituent.
