What about obama tapping @TeamTrump? Is any investigation happening with that since it has now been proven?
Ask @DevinNunes. He came out with the evidence that Obama Tapped @TeamTrump. BOMBSHELL!!
Obama guilty of spying.... federal crime, period. Face the facts, liberal!
NSA to provide it soon. Lets see if obama gets away with this one, too
The facts are that our government spied on Trump & transition team, and illegally unmasked names.

funny although the only alternative facts are the MSM that tried to shove Hillary down our throats.
Oh the Hillary hate continues.  She lived in the WH 8 years. Let's see how long Donald makes it. 
Not butthurt nor crying. Rather enjoying watching the GOP ruled by a clusterfuck Sociopath. 
I'm certain I could purchase your life.  But thanks for your kind spirit.
not afraid of you loser nor do I hide my true identity behind a cartoon character.
NOT just about "facts." If you're hostile to Trump like Schiff you're vulnerable to CONFIRMATION BIAS.
AMEN  AS WELL AS IMPLICIT BIAS
Ethically, you should check into Podesta, his brother, Hillary, Putin & uranium deal
Tell me who did the leaks Russia smoke for cover up against President Trump prayers
How many elections has the US interfered in? More than we will ever know!
HA! You do you guys, you just do you...
just butthurt Libs looking to blame anyone but a horrible presidential candidate.
handled by and for liberals.still no mention of bengazi
Trump was elected because another 4 years of the left's policies would be very harmful to the country.
Lip service. Too politicized.
SoThe lib electorit is so stupid, they fell for a Trump/Russia Jedi mind trick that made them change their vote?
Am i understanding this right? WTF are they trying to prove?Russia tricked them and they fellm for it?They stupid?
<- this guy is hiding from his "home state", he's not from here btw. We already know how in depth this will go.
You mean Fox "not" news.
What is in the 47 drives & 600M+ documents submitted by whistle-blower DennisMontgomery?
Senator The FBI has been investigating for nine months.  Never a report, so something not correct. Pitiful start
Taking time to manufacture another fake dossier on Trump/Russia connection
and the over look Obama interfering with Israel elections and all the ones Hillary screwed with funny how that is
If you are following "facts" why are you not talking about Clinton and the Russians?
sore losers. Get over it.  He won, move one worry about the American people
so sick of this.  Who cares about Russia.  Worry about ISIS.  They're real enemy
QUIT wasting time on Russia!They weren't involved- u KNOW it-Quit Wasting our TIME & Money/Get to Work or Get OUT!
well, you knuckleheads follow the facts at a forgetful pace.
Langford and truth rarely meet
A waste of time and money.
@DevinNunes He needs to recuse himself! Apologizing is not enough for his actions, it reprehensible behavior!
Bt US interferes with other countries' elections too. However it was bad if Russia did it.
the facts coming from the intel community mean absolutely nothing! They're still in obamas pocket!
& FBI NEVER examined the DNC server. Instead a paid contactor by DNC got Russians sanctions/ambassadors kicked.
@POTUS after 8 months you have zippo zero notta facts end this Dems madness do something for the American ppl
Mr Nunes has proved that this Intel committee can be trusted they were hiding the facts and lied about it
Not sure Republicans can be trusted anymore after Nunes and Goudy all they focus on is leaks not the crimes sad
will he tip off those being evestigated as his peer Devin Nunes did ??? i think yes
I don't trust Lankford any further than I could throw him. He's been a sellout since he got to DC
They'll handle it the same way they handle everything else. Talk, talk, talk...spend taxpayer money...do nothing.
Now there's a lesson the world media could learn. Sadly I am willing to bet media will have results before you?
the more I hear russia from a dem, the more I think it was a dem. Destruction from within
Include Trump Tower surveillance!!!!!!!!!
how are the Podesta/Putin ties going????
I hope he walks the walk. The facts may lead to some very dark and uncomfortable places. Should be interesting.
If this is regarding E-MAILS then I wouldn't be surprised if the person who did it is an American citizen
I'm sick and tired of all these Russia nonsense news, we should be focusing on more important matter!
Unless there is evidence of a crime, why waste time with investigations..  Investigate allegations?
The Russians didn't make people vote for Trump! This is like beating a horse that's been dead for months.
What facts? Oh, the ones that suddenly appear after Nunes' announcement? Those facts? It's called throwing shade.
Comey testified that the investigation into #TrumpRussia connections is ongoing. Independent prosecutor needed.
Conservative Al your ignoring and digraceful
The FACTS! Just the FACTS! About Russia & the Montgomery Whistleblower on the Surveillance/Wiretap = SPYING!
Damn people, stop with Russia!
they are following a bunch of hooey
Then get Montgomery in front of your committee and listen!
facts??? We dont need no stinking facts. Democrats moto.
I am so sick of hearing the word Russia there must be something else everybody can work on policy would be nice
#SelectCommittee #SpecialProsecutor
drop it, listen to IC whistleblower? Clean house? Jail leakers easily found via logs? Focus on police state?
are these senators really this stupid because we have it all figured out here on twitter.
then stop apologizing for trump and do your job.  This isn't funny anymore.  It could be treason
Will they investigate leaking information as well or ignore felony  crimes?
What r the facts? You feel Russians behind hack, but can't prove it? Searching for Trump connection to that?
Then go inform #Trump.
More concerned about how Obama administration interfering with the election. Always do what they blame others for
The Intel Committee has been compromised by Nunes. Requires Special Prosecutor and Independent Committee.
Let's see... Republicans will hide the facts to protect #DonTheCon ?
actually the in trenched Republicans hate Trump because he's not part of the political Club and a threat to their gig
YES STOP ALL VOTES  @realDonaldTrump   hidden over 2 lyears https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBL7_DMwZ0Q&feature=em-uploademail …    ARREST COMEY
You don't have any facts. Your lungs are full of CNN smoke. That's the only facts in this case.
No. 2 ranking member is an Obama liberal hack. Nunes bypassed him because he's untrustworthy. Lol
No one trust's a liberal in Government. Libs will be purged and locked up. The safe-spaces will be emptied
so then you have nothing
The people, not Russia, interfered with the 2016 election. Stop wasting time and money and move on !
this nonsense that how dare he or she tapped me. Tap me I don't care. Nothing to hide!!!
Chasing a ghost. Wasting taxpayers money. Move on to investigating Clinton Foundation for pay to play.
Because THAT wouldn't be a waste of taxpayer money? Nice logic, Egg!
Truth is that @SenatorLankford doesn't give a hoot about facts. He's all about saving his own butt & that of his buddies in gov.
Sorta like the so called media whom actively stumped or interfered for Hillary to win the election
This guy and @TomCottonAR will be running things shortly. Straight shooting smart guys. Good guys too.
Bubba didn't think Hill sucked enough hence Monica..
And, that's all America needs. Get to bottom of Russia connection wherever it leads. An extremely concerned Republican. Defend Democracy
Thank you. To me, this isn't about Party, this is about our country. We gotta get this right.
Joe Friday over here...
if your tapped then your a "So Called" bad dude. Right.
We can't trust the GOP. They have been looking the other way since before election. Traitora
Alternative Fox News
Investigation Senator McCain for leaking classified materials.
I wonder how many skeletons we can find in the closets of many politicians. Why don't we see what we can find?
waisting time and money
Facts? Here's a fact to remember Lanky, I've got a nickname ready to go for your primary: "Picasso Face Lankford!"
now I can't unsee it and I'll see it every time hes on TV reminding me to vote for the other canidate.
these guys are either deluded or blowing smoke
I guess GOP is tired of winning already....
Fox News doesn't have anymore credibility than the GOP. Independent special prosecutor needed now. Step up!
Yes like HRC should have had for her basement server.  Cnn very fakeNews
Since when do two wrongs make something right?  Learned better in kindergarten.
Nice story bro but I say an eye 4 an eye.  Bye
Ya well how the hell are they going to deal with Obama's wiretapping?
Why hasn't he been arrested?
Sure, just like you did with:Hillary, Abedin and Weiner... the real story is what's on Weiners laptop!
no one wants to see what's on Weiners laptop. 
Nunes trying to distort the facts. Demand his resignation
Dude, Russia, russia, russia....do they have some easter eggs for us?
.@foxnews @senatorlankford Then why did they IGNORE all the EVIDENCE??? Why did Comey lie? 
http://www.securityweek.com/us-suspects-north-korea-81-million-bangladesh-theft-report …
so many gullible Russian conspiracy theorists! Pathetic.
.@FoxNews @SenatorLankford We can disagree with the facts. What about the alternative facts?
There are such things as alternative facts. Lawyers build cases on them every day.
don't care. Sick of the political crap. More important issues
