Don't repeal. Too disruptive.  Bipartisan mending would be best.  You do remember how to do bipartisan?
I saw the story about Ms Brown who was on your plane. You need to listen to her story and others. Put people over Party.
please don't align yourself with the swamp faction of the GOP.
Just a reminder Trump is playing golf today..so far as we know it adds up to $36 million for vaca's pay for meals on 1/2
it's sad that you think so little of your constituents that you think they're dumb enough to fall for the same old lies.
we're educating ourselves and learning how full of it our R reps have been. We see now that you've lied to us for years.
please stop hurting our families.
wheels for 12 years..and the Trump kids are all back in Aspen this weekend $100,000 trim the fat? We paid for it
OK needs to set up exchanges and take fed money for expanded Medicaid, then costs would go down like other states. Ex: NY.
agreed. Was too rushed, not simple issue. Constituent here. Need unified plan, not put to states. Requiremnts set at top
You sir are wrong!
why aren't you making statements on the #TrumpRussiaCollusion ?? Why aren't you fighting for transparency..lets see Mercer?
it's not the house, it the law! Work on improving the HC law, and make it better than Obama care to pass
how about you take the existing bill + IMPROVE it? would that be so unreasonable?
Yes, I know. Ya'll aren't done trying to kill poor folk so you gave the Rich folk more tax breaks. Maybe tomorrow comrade. Maybe tomorrow.
Wouldn't it be great if Oklahoma went blue?
It can be done. We can do it.
I'm still trying to figure out how rural areas became so red through the 90's
yes, with #MedicareforAll. Why should corporations get to poison our children with their pollution and not pick up the tab?
Glad you've changed your tune about rushing this thru. How about revising the ACA instead of replacing it with garbage bill
If you continue to gut your constituents of their rights, ie broadband, insurance, land and water..repeal replace Lankford
Wrong! Single Payer Health Care! Every Modern Industrial Nation has it! Ppl are resisting against GOP!
@RandPaul has a plan, get behind it.
Dude. Take the L.
take the hint Senator.....people want #Obamacare
I know you had to say Obamacare bc James seems to be unaware that it's named #ACA. That is sad
Donald Trump left it all on the field... I mean golf course (regarding Repeal / Replace Obamacare)
@POTUS  Just repeal.  This is America not Norway.
Norway was just identified as the best country to live in!
And still hasn't saved anyone.  USA back to back World War champs!
Americans didn't want AHCA. Would hurt your constituents in OK. Why not work to improve ACA? Sole proprietors depend on it
Seven years of blah, blah, blah. Cut the crap, fix ACA and make it work.
You are still not listening are you? We want it fixed and improved not repealed and replaced. You've had seven years...
You need to fix the health care system.
why do you hate us?
Think about a bill that will benefit Work out the problems, work with Dems.  A good HCB will succeed. Wemoderates
It should not be repealed. It should be enhanced to work even better than it does. Too much time spent on gutting it.
you need to work with democrats and fix ACA. It can be done let's work together. Let's make it better we can do it.
The ACA simply needs some adjustment.

If you do not listen to your constituency, you will lose your job.
Jimmy do you hear the resistance?
dont repeal but tweak it!!!!   Please stop this insanity of us against them!!!!
Stop taking bribes from the insurance/pharmaceutical companies. Do the right thing for the people who put you in office!!!
NO!!!!!!!  YOU need to listen to Bernie Sanders and approve a single-pay system!
nah, we're good as is  #obamacare
can't we simply fix what is broken in the current law and not throw the baby out with the bathwater?  #RepealAndReplace
Mean spirited and time wasting. Leave it! Fix that which needs fixed (greedy insurance companies).
healthcare debacle is discussting Someone needs to lock all senators and congressmen in a room until they agree on a bill
WHY??!
Full Repeal.
Keep the ACA and fix its flaws.  Listen to your constituents.
Where can I read your bill n when will u submit it?
Again, REPEAL OBAMA CARE! The American ppl don't want mandatory health insurance! Stop telling us how to spend our money!
stop the partisan bickering &improve upon what we already have. No one wanted trumpcare. It would have been catastrophic.
I respectfully disagree, the American people want you to repair, not repeal/replace. Fix what's wrong!!!
Just give it up. As Ryan said, the ACA is the law of the land for a while. Work to fix what's not working well in the ACA.
I hope you understand thay for-profit healthcare will never be adequately provided to those that need it most. #gottachange
agree100%. Unfortunately some old guard still want business as usual.  The people sent a clear message in @POTUS election!
Clear message? 9 million more Americans voted for someone else than for Trump. There is no mandate.
and to keep our promises to the American people for a replacement "even better" than Obamacare
you party has had 7 years to develop a replacement for ACA. This was quite a failure. How embarrassing
Why do you hate us so much?
that's ok Lankford, we prefer having affordable healthcare and not dying.
Repair & Improve.
Or, hear me out: find a way to insure everyone like in other developed countries so we don't all go bankrupt & then die. 
No you have shown you don't have a good plan. Fix the ACA.
Unless it's a #PublicOption, forget it. You allowed BCBS to double its profits & hike up our rates. Give us Medicare 4 ALL.
I sure would like the plan you and the other legislators have covering you and your families
Good grief you had 7 years
quit being a Republican,  try being JUST an Oklahoman
.@SenatorLankford  you should just leave the ACA alone. Your constituents have called & left many messages urging you to support the ACA.
Ryan already said #Obamacare will be the law of the land. The GOP had no planning in 8yrs just whining.
Maybe we should have been part of the Medicaid expansion to begin with, huh?
I am willing to help you in any way I can to help get this right. Please advise accordingly and keep me informed.
Are you serious?  You obviously don't hear well.  Instead of worrying about your ego, how about work on repair of ACA
So 7 years wasn't long enough? Maybe you should just work on fixing the ACA so it works for more people.
Come on already,no special favors for illegals.  Repeal please
then stop the gang wars an do your jobs an work together dems & gop by they not gonna beg you. Men up shit !!
They have had 7 years to write a better plan. Apparently the GOP isn't smart enough to handle a healthcare bill... 7 yrs.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS the voters don't want to repeal ACA. Your donors want this repeal.  Serve your voters, please.
