The responses on here from Republicans is just terrible. No wonder we have such a divide.
Doesn't matter who is the majority. We have a serious divide. Our country is filled with hatred. The GOP favors Russians over liberals.
That statement is what divides us. There has NEVER been any Russian anything.I wish this Narrative would end
It can't end till they come up with something else. It's their pacifier. They need it all day long
Trump is now under investigation.
and Comey!
the party of personal responsibility never takes personal responsibility. Comey is a republican and a hero. trump is a traitor.
An example to follow. Decency. Learn from it, GOP. (Doubtful)
Please, spare me. They probably did it for the photo op.
another clown.
screw them
Praying to Satan
pretty much. Their rhetoric helps fuels crap like this
I believe so. It's CONSTANT! Time to throw the gauntlet DOWN!
Dems? Praying?  Is that even legal/allowed in their play book?
they are not praying to God. They are praying to the gods of climate change
Y'all are just plain hateful.
deal with it.
I applaud them for that but it's time they stop all the violence going on with this resistance movement.
And now, your reply proves that Putin's plan was smart. He didn't need to fire a shot to damage the U.S. Because Americans like you exist.
lol you're hysterical!  

And he's right!
But will they stop colluding with MSM to remove Trump.
Or perhaps the media is reflecting the majority of Americans who want trump removed from office?
liberal hate is escalating and OUT OF CONTROL

Who cares.  Their base and their cohorts in the media encourages this violence.
Yeah, they're the ones always marching with their open carry weapons, right?
.#the resistance followers stab horses with nails.   Now shoot political opponents.
Yes, what's that cliche? "The exception makes the rule?" Hey, check out the facts on right wing terrorists vs Islamists terrorists in US...
I'm a supporter of @POTUS and @SteveScalise and very grateful for prayers from the Democrats. Glad they are safe.
Thanks for your comment Margie. Most of the responses have been awful and completely unnecessary. It was nice to see yours
This is hypocritical photo op for a truly Godless side.
Said the Kremlin pussy grabber potus team. The hypocritical RW can suck lead all day I won't lose any sleep.Enjoy.

He survived in spite of their prayers to Moloch.
Pray that they come to their gun senses.
Nice idea, but it helps nothing.
Probably true. Classic example of GOP voter, voting against his own best interest. I'm sure the shooter was a well regulated militia.
Nope.  Leftist nut.
Hey, didn't it OCCUR, they can get guns & shoot up shit, too? BUMMER. Careful what you wish for, wanted guns guns guns, you got it
And look at all the unarmed victims.  Careful for what you wish for.
I would never advocate gun control for the victims who wouldn't stand up for elementary children. I trust in KARMA.
Replies to this make it clear what's driving our divide. Some of you need to step away from Twitter and remember how to be a decent human.
We are exactly where Russia wants us to be.
Would achieve so much more if this was a regular occurrence in Congress.
Pray ? You all are responsible for this violence. All democrats will pay in 2018.
And even Tyan praise them for acting like normal Americans
Congress is so removed from how we all live and act and recent comments prove it
Who is that wearing the Clemente Jersey?
The body of Christ transcends political parties.
minus the religious crap, they need to unite to solve access to guns problem, Trumpcare, immigration...Congress, no public credibility
Now these events should bring us closer to God but remember Dems literally decided to remove God from their 2016 Dem election platform.
just curious...did they pray for the 3,000 children they murdered today as well?
Give it till Sunday and u will know this is ONLY a photo op. Violence is what Dems & American Media promote & provoke every day.  Inevitable
Phonies #fakenews
Don't like the violence but if they were at work instead of playing hooky. They'd all be in good health. And that goes for dems too.
But who are they really praying 2? Oh I know: #TheGovernment. Atheist heathens n control-freak #communists only have 1 REAL "god" after all.
Total hoax perpetrated by Republicans to turn attention away from the fact they are trying to kill a few million Americans for the sake of $
We stand for peaceful change! We R The #Resistance! The violent r Against us nd seek d derailment of our cause! God bless all the injured!
Well, don't show that, because then it's harder to argue that Dems are divisive and promoting anti-R violence! Duh!
It is time to do more than pray for the victims of mass shootings and gun violence. Legislate common sense gun reform policies/practices
The Good Guys!
Praying for GOP deaths so they can try to put in Dems.  Puhleezz... they and the MSM are complicit.
Common sense gun laws pls!
Grateful they prayed for fellow AMERICANS, shows class.
WE ALL NEED TO COME TOGETHER
Wouldn't it set a great example for the country if the team lineups for the game tomorrow were bipartisan?
Dems hot rhetoric has contributed to this state of violence:Hollywood elites. Kathy Griffin,leftist professors on campuses, the recent play
That's a good start.The fascist liberal dems need to stop the hate& violence by their passive acceptance of such i.e. Berkeley thugs, etc
This would be a touching sentiment if last week the Dem Team wasn't holding mock beheading and assassinations.
Dimms aren't Christians!! Definitely not Catholic!!
Of course
Dems need to stop praying and start standing up to NRA.
Pray for capital police
Stop praying and take ACTION! God isn't a magician. God didn't build the ark- Noah did
Not to be a killjoy, but praying really hasn't worked against gun violence this far
Photo op by @TheDemocrats. They are the most despicable, obstructive, crass and vile people on the face of earth!
Fake prayers. Don't want to hear your fake prayers fake tears.
Please let this tragedy bring us together and discuss our differences civilly and may we strive to do what is best for all people
They can go to hell
Who were they praying too?
Praying is useless.
psst...praying does nothing if unstable people have guns. love, God
Sick of praying & forgiving...Bleeding hearts will not stop terrorism & attacks! Guns fight guns, no more gun laws! Fight back, shoot back!
Lesson of the day: Carry religiously. Be prepared to respond in a meaningful way.
But but republicans keep saying Dems and all lib's are terrorists!
If these f@ckers are praying who's not listening? Grow the F up #Hypocrisy
gun control is better than thoughts & prayers
That'll help. But I get it's a sign of solidarity and respect.
My son had the best idea ever. Could the baseball game be played as two teams, both sides have democrats and republicans? USA for unity
Democrats & the left must stop NOW their hateful rhetoric $1 Billion spent to demonize Trump!! Result:Trump Deragement Syndrome
They have blood on their hands.
The difference between Dems and GOP
Negative comments on this post r terrible. Seriously what is wrong w/ ppl? If u care abt yr country just stop - all political parties-stop!!
Much love and respect ... UNITED we're supposed to STAND
SOMEBODY let Bill Clinton patronize Halliburton and conspire with GW43 to appoint Mueller 3, TO TRASH FBI, on Atta, so 911 could happen.
@JoeNBC ..ur guy missed trump..are u in hiding now??
Where's Bernie?
Doubt their sincerity since they removed God from their party platform in 2016
Does Moleck answer prayers?
WTF! Boo hoo!  This is KARMA...GOP Mafia $$$ from gun lobbyists this guy specifically. I don't feel bad remember GOP & sandy hook
I thought they were against this as it as observed at the Dem convention. Glad to see them praying.
I thought prayer was useless per Leftist rhetoric
They need to mix up the teams. Seriously.
This is beautiful - no need to label it. Why can't they just say "members of congress?" Who cares if they are GOP or Dems.
I don't agree w/ them or their policies however,  I appreciate the decorum the Left's leadership is showing today- From a Trump Supporter
I don't know why Dems keep trying to show the GOP what good people they are. It won't change their minds. They'll still fuck us over.
#StrongerTogether #TrumpRussia
Oh please! praying is just damn lazy, doesn't require any action. Time to deal with the GUN problem in this country CONGRESS!
@TheDemocrats are responsible for this.
They stared The Resist Movement. This is exactly what they prayed for.
Democrats don't pray. That doesnt even make sense. They need to pray though. Real Americans have had about enough of their BS.
Are they allowed to Pray?
um, didn't they take God out of their platform?  Now they're praying?
We must stop the violence. No one deserves this. Swift recovery to the GOP wounded. DEMS are against guns and violence for this reason.
Good!!! FGS (For God's Sake) b bipartisan supportive
@jonathanvswan AMERICANS UNITE with tragedies-why must we wait for disasters and violence to be KIND and PRAY together?Why wait?
But Donald Trump Jr going to accuse us all of being evil and not human
@bbanner22
Can't we even have a civil discourse about this? I think that this is a nice gesture. It's wrong to question motivation for prayer. I'm GOP
To who??!!
To God.
U think Dems pay to God? I suppose there are a few. Was just being caddy.
THIS IS AMERICA nothing more nothing less. We love and support each other.
I thought that this was interesting:
WE WOULD EXPECT THAT.
Take notice Republicans, we are one country United States of America. We stand for our nation, but not for the Kremlin...
Republicans would take away their health care so they couldn't get the emergency surgery.
I hope they're also praying for stricter gun control!
Can we please take a hiatus from Twitter partisan pot shots. Let's unite in thoughts & prayers for shooting victims & thank brave police.
Folks from the dark side praying?  Most be a political stunt.
This is some deranged individual's contribution to the "Resistance" @TheDemocrats have urged for. Time they give that up & work across aisle
Do ya think any of these pols praying, were also booing GOD at @DNC? Just a thought, I hope I'm wrong! You need to decry this "Resist" BS!!
Yeah, that'll work
Now can we talk about gun control?
Tomorrow idiot Dems/corrupt media will continue their vile hatefilled rhetoric. Will @SenSanders denounce this?
F your prayers. Democrats created this environment - calling people treasonous, assassination chic, etc. Any blood is on their hands.
Did it work? Did time reverse and nothing happen? Did all gun violence across world finally end? They're not praying hard enough.
I can't even imagine how they feel right now. How terrifying. Maybe this will make them re think smarter gun laws. I hope they r all ok
@JoeNBC what a bunch of hypocrites just like you. You and the left having been tacitly supporting the violent riots all over
LOL Democrats praying. To whom? the God they booed at their convention?
Your god must have been too busy saving aborted fetuses and that is why he couldn't prevent this shooting.
Why does it take a tragedy like this to unite us??  My prayers are certainly with the shooting victims - heart broken :-(
That is Class.
When they go low, we go high. You would hope that people would take a time out from the vitriol and division but some folks can't help it.
Should be praying for forgiveness for their rhetoric that's responsible for today
You have to care when ANYONE dies.  You have to care about bullets. You have to care about healthcare for all.
I'm a  progressive Democrat, & am relieved  no one was killed. To say that  Democrats are responsible for a lone wolf like this is absurd!!!
How about both sides trying a little compassion & common decency  on a daily basis instead of just when tragedy occurs?
Don't they have work to do? Why are we paying them to play a game.
God chant in action
Mentally ill people with access to guns continue to plague our country.  I am so relieved no one was killed. Speedy recovery to all injured!
thankful no one critically hurt. Dems should also be praying that Repubs in basement can't agree on how to take away healthcare
Congressman lucky he has health insurance
God has to see the satanic NRA at work  #GunsDoKillPeople
Democrat aren't as heartless as some want to think!
@SteveDeaceShow And made sure there was a pic to post immediately.
Dem don't give two shits, this is just par for the course, who's next Trumps kids? Told you that play would set someone off,stupid Democrats
Too little too late but it's a start.
America is so.divided it can never recover and the amount of hate as I have been saying is more than ISIS could ever hope to develop in U.S.
Dems pray, their the cause of this shit. Looks like the Rep where the target, how much did Hillary or some other freak pay for this one?
That's nice of them!
I called it
I'm kind of amazed at this OMG DEMS CAN PRAY??? coverage. I get the solidarity but Fox News went nuts with the awe.
This image. A team, heads down, mouths shut, arms on shoulders, unity in the face of stupid violence. Respect and silence is a good prayer.
Prayers are useless. How about standing up to gun lobbies?
It's what we do after mass shootings
Dems and media own this
Wait, Democrats were out there too? The plot thickens...#WednesdayWisdom
Phonies.
So glad to hear he will be ok. This is why gun control is so important! Republicans, step up and protect our nation
What gun control measure would have prevented this? What are you proposing?
@horowitz39 Because ALL Democrats are bad. What a sad little man you must really be.
Clearly all this situation needs is prayer. Worked so well in the past. 
@CitizensFedUp @amazinmikey @co_rapunzel4 @kjoerwin #Veterans Meanwhile, Controversial Gun STORE Opens in NYC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nAfWfF4TjM …
MUST WATCH this video! Moving and thought provoking. Brought tears my eyes.

GOD FORBID THEY SHOULD ENACT  GUN LAWS THAT PROTECT ALL OF US, NOT JUST PPL WITH SECURITY PROTECTION.
Pretty disingenuous considering what they've been saying about GOP reps, senators & the president over the years.
Stop!  Trump has encouraged ppl to 2A Hillary. Knock the hell out of ppl. Even said he could shoot someone on 5th Ave.
Pray all you want, it is not going to help us.
I hope they still play the game tomorrow. F*ck that shooter.
Prayers don't work. Science will take care of the wounded. We need grown ups at the table for real talks on sensible gun control.
I do not care what your political stripe is. This sort of event is absolutely detestable.

This SHOULD NOT happen in our country.
Prayers so much more effective than gun controls.
Wow. The comments by many of the republicans on this thread are really disgraceful. I'm ashamed to call you my fellow Americans.
When violence strikes, it doesn't know any boundaries. WE THE @people are the ones to affect change for PEACE on EARTH.
Liberals pray?
Can blame this outbreak of violence on @POTUS who encourages it & spews hate & bigotry, @realDonaldTrump ALL this is on you! #BeAnExample
I had to vent becuase ppl who talk about others really trying to do the right and respectful thing burns my ass....
I mean somebody was shot! why would ppl think becuase they are praying for the person they have an evil agenda it's crazy
It's the Democrat's fear mongering and hateful rhetoric that likely led to this shooting. But at least they're sending prayers.
I don't care if you are rep or dem you are human  just like me,and any person that has a heart wouldn't talk about this photo like this
Likely self defense standing his ground against a Russian invasion. Not Guilty.
If this isn't a wake up call that this nation needs to come together- I don't know what is.
BEAUTIFUL... THIS IS WHAT WE ARE A AMERICANS. THANK YOU DEMS FOR SHOWING THIS
Instead of thinking of this as a photo op or them trying to start anything why not just be human for once and join them in prayer too
you mean the demonized as godless democrats actually pray - and for republicans? how will the rank and file react to this?
You are sick. Get help.
It I should the hate speech by the Dems and spread by the media that drove this action. TIme for it to stop.
Praying to whom? The dems booed God at the DNC convention and rejected Him from their party platform.
" hope and pray " is not the responsible response to gun violence in the uSA
Why?
The replies are sad. Also all the trump supporters are forgetting what some of their own have done the last couple of months...
This praying nonsense needs to end. Religion is the root of all evil stop giving credibility to pure fantasy.
BREAKING: US Health Insurance industry announces political assassination of @GOP now "pre-existing condition".

Sorry #GOP it's all on you.
@JoyAnnReid praying? Let's start some actual legislations instead...
Some of these comments are exactly what is wrong with America today!
Good thing #Congress has such good #healthcare. I'm sure #Scalise is in good hands right now. #ThoughtsAndPrayers instead of #action.
Run for congress.
I could vote on my own pay raises and take vacation as often! Plus they make bank! Sadly, I say what's on my mind = not a good candidate.
