This MTP vote will simply begin the open debate & amendment process. This is not a vote on any specific healthcare bill
I’m committed to reform that increases access & lowers costs for Oklahomans of all income levels & health conditions. Let’s start debate.
How about you stop stealing all my fucking money to "help me"and allow me to choose how I spend it, after all I earned it not you! Thieves!!
Just took first step toward taking healthcare away from millions of Americans
Oklahoma started #Obamacare with 4 companies in the exchange and we're down to 1. Millions won't have healthcare if nothing is done.
It needs to be improved and repaired not repealed and replaced
The vote today was to send it to the floor for debate right? That's when the bill will begin to change.
Will that Bill has already been defeated 57-43. Hopefully they will start working on real solutions now
At least they're working on it. The other side just keeps talking about Russia.
Which is an incredibly important issue to our country's future
Healthcare for millions or a made up conspiracy... I beg to differ. Even CNN admits it was for ratings.
Nothing bipartisan about this bill.  12 white GOP men. Don't start screaming about how much you want to work together now.
More lies from the right. Why not use the committee process what was designed for this? Public hearings? What a joke
And here you are! Step up! God put you there! Do the right thing!!
And you need to show those cowards what real men made of!! Step up you are a Leader!!!!!
Jesus wept.
Please senator! Stay on Target! Need You more than you Know!!Fight the good Fight!
Call it what you want but we all know it's bullshit! You've got nothing up your sleeve wabbit!
I'm a constituent of yours & I earnestly expect you to fight for exactly what you say you voted for - bipartisan, open debate. This is real.
I am so sorry you ignored the will of so many of your constituents.  I won't forget your actions.
Nice spin Senator, but you actually made Oklahomans & the Nation poorer & sicker. Alas you are aiding an immoral, profiteering @POTUS
Please vote no on all Gop replacement bills.  Single payer is the best.
I respect the vote to initiate debate & I hope you will still consider my previous tweets today regarding no repeal but ACAwith improvements
IF that actually happens, then OK. But I ain't holding my breath. 'Cause it's dangerous and I might not have insurance soon
That's very disappointing. I'm a constituent of yours; it pains me that you voted that way.
And as one of you constituents I say Save & Fund the Affordable Care Act.    Next...
True to party & be damned to those that u r supposed to represent. Shame on you!  You're without a soul
Where are the committee hearings and markup votes? Where's the informed input from stakeholders? Why do you keep lying to us?
The senate could have had an open debate without you voting on this SHAME!
Right...because y'all have been bi partisan up to now??
This man cares nothing about rural Oklahoma or anything that might be right or good
As a constituent I truly hope this isn't a naive statement. Please do the right thing #ProtectPatients #comprehensive #affordablehealthcare
What is there to debate? The government is not responsible for health insurance
Lets see what the GOP has for a plan then. 7 years of Repeal and Replace so lets see your cards on the table. Just dont let him shoot you.
How do U protect rural hospitals & poor Oklahomans? Give $$/Power to Okla Gov & Legis? #TrackRecord #Oklahoma @NewsOK @tulsaworld @okgazette
We need single payer health care.   Please work with like minded bipartisan senators who agree.
Anything to KILL Obamacare please.. Obamacare is Killing Oklahomans if u fail 2 feel the crunch u might be 1getting it4FREE. We R sinking
And you should be ashamed of yourself. Constituents will remember.
20 hrs is not open debate and you know it.
U said bipartisan like U know what that means!  That's so funny! U speak like you actually care about your constituents! #NoOnesBuyingIt 
When I die, which could be anytime now, I'm going to tell God that you caused it. You can't have bipartisan debate without a bipartisan bill
Do you intend to vote for repeal with no plan for replace? If so shame on you and I hope all Oklahomans will come together to help defeat yo
Bipartisan? What 2 parties?
Won't happen. You will never figure out Healthcare, but you may kill everyone who isn't rich, white and male. You are the worst.
WE ARE NOT STUPID!  We see you and we do not like what we see! #RedStateWoke
Thank you!!
I hope everyone is interested in a bipartisan discussion. Recent patterns suggest that's a big ask.
You don't care about the people of Oklahoma or this nation.
Shame on you, sir. Oklahomans deserve better!
More grandstanding from Senator Jimmy.
Please vote no.
You continue to ignore your constituents all for the purpose of erasing the legacy of a great president. #PrideBeforeTheFall
Against the wishes of so many of your constituents. How disappointing to see you cast a yes vote for the #motiontoproceed.
If you truly believe that @SenateMajLdr will allow a bipartisan effort @ this point, I've got a bridge and a unicorn to sell you. 
Single payer James, that is the ony thing that will make health care better for poor Oklahomans.  Either that or give us your Senator plan.
This is not what your constituents wanted
Listen to the people's needs from each state. Be a problem solver not a politician.
We will be waiting, after all the day will come.
This is a little late and is it needed. I thought this was a given.
bipartisan my ass!
You are making a huge mistake.
But at the end of debate comes a vote. On what? What will it cost? Who will it affect? You don't know, and yet you voted to proceed.
There is exactly zero chance of this. And you know it. Please pray tonight over Matthew 25:31-46.
Just remember what Vince Lombardi said to the player who said he would try?  He said stay on the bench.  Trying is easy, get it done!!!
We do not want a repeal!!!!!!
We need our healthcare!!!!  The people of Oklahoma will remember in 2018!!!
Wait just like you did for the ACA? The actual existing law?
Shame on you.
Just left you a VM. I don't support Better Care Reconciliation Act, Obamacare Reconciliation Act, the AHCA, or ANY other repeal measure.
Do not insult our intelligence. There will be no debate, no hearings.This was the vote that mattered. You will vote the party line, own it.
that is not the McConnell way
You voted to proceed but you have no idea what you are proceeding on? Incredible!
You know #dems will not help fix the disaster known as #Obamacare. @GOP are on your own. #MAGA
keep this out of the debate, do what is right for the people. Speak up, expose the truth of what dem's are doing.

Bipartisan? That would be something new. Wish your aides would be honest about what you were going to do today.
Do not bow to party pressure to vote yes before you know exactly how this is going to impact your constituency. Very disappointed today.
I've emailed you and asked you to cite your source on the 76% increase in premiums in OK under the ACA.  I'm asking again. Cite your source.
We're not all idiots man. This is bullshit. Ashamed of the GOP today.
Fundamentally this is a tax cut bill that takes from Medicaid to give to the 1%. Nothing to assist Americans with health care.

 Than you sir
Please work in a bipartisan effort as @SenatorMcCain so eloquently spoke and made me proud to be an American again.
It doesn't really matter. You would vote for a pig, if the republican national committee told you too. Do what OKLAHOMAN'S want.
I am not surprised but I am deeply disgusted.
Mr senator any health care plan that still has funding for plannedparent hood must be a no vote on the fine bill. Stay true to Oklahoma.
Why does Oklahoma need more teen pregnancies?
We don't. What dose that have to do with the abortion mill plannedparent hood.
You do know thay abortions are only 3% of the PP services, right? Or are facts just too hard for you? Not quite the "abortion mill."
And what your not saying is the real number is 35%. The are responsible 327,653 abortions last year. So you fill better baby killer
Just like a liberal loon take down to someone just for thanking something different than you.
Disappointing. Your constituents are relying on you to do the right thing! Medicaid Caps/cuts will cost Oklahomans lives and livelihood.
We'll remember come Election Day. Very disappointed in the GOP.
Tick tock on your "re-election..."
This selfish, partisan act will not be forgotten! #KillTheBillDontKillUs
I hope you are listening to sen McCain!
This is not about healthcare. If it truly was I would support you.
I find your vote devastating. No time for hearings. No time to listen to families. My son- after braincancer. #nolifetimecaps #SaveMedicaid
And I voted for you why?
Did u enjoy ur little charade? "Oh, I just don't know how I'll vote; I will read the bill carefully." MTP, then #KillerBill. So predicable.
No clue what's in the bill, just pure Republican cruelty to "the least of these." Pray harder, Senator, you have a lot to answer for.
I'm your constituent. I know you know how dirty this administration is. Do not hurt your fellow Oklahomans with this disastrous health care
Beyond disappointed in your vote today.  So much for representing your constituents.  Especially those who are thriving on the #AHCA
As a constituent, I am THOROUGHLY disgusted that you would vote to proceed on a bill that doesn't exist!  #ABSURD #DISGUSTING
@SenJohnMcCain just said he WILL NOT VOTE for this bill as it stands. Time to do YOUR JOB. Time to debate without politics.
Bipartisan lol
@AARPadvocates How many members in Oklahoma again? Looking forward to your reach out letting them know how their Sen. voted against them.
So does this open up the ability to have weeks/months of essential debate?...or like literally 20 hours?
This is an utter joke. You don't give a crap about process or transparency.
You voted to kill Americans. Children and grandmas. For a tax cut.
Shameful
No sir. U voted to rob okies of their HC. That's immoral. Okies won't forget.
All due respect sir, u should be ashamed of voting yay.
REPEAL!!!
Increase what access?? The access is not the problem.
You are a complete coward. And even though I may be 1 vote... I am scrappy. And I also vote every chance I get.
There will be no open debate with the GOP
Yeah, right. You voted strictly with your party and nothing more. What debate is opened up?? What is in the reform? Does anyone know?
I CANNOT wait to do every. single. thing. I can to defeat you.
Please be bipartisan and get feedback from citizen people are depending on you.
If this is left to our state legislators Oklahomans will be left without any coverage.
I assume at some point common voters will get to learn what's in the bill?
Or is this a Nancy Pelosi pass-it-then-read-it thing?
Just a reminder.....
LIAR!
You're a bad person.
You sir are a disappointment. We will remember.
Mc Cain is tuff! He is a true servant to his constituents! Arizona should be proud!
Thanks for nothing. Party over the people in your home state? We won't forget this.
You're my senator. Just remember, you're not reforming health care.

You're jiggering w/health insurance!

BIG DIFFERENCE.
you suck, james.
so can we expect 6 to 8 months of debate, amendments, townhalls, and committee meetings?  @GOP @SenateGOP This is why I left party.
Not something I would be proud of! Maybe someday you will do the right thing for Oklahomans.
Oklahoman's will remember your vote
Bipartisan? When has McConnell EVER been bipartisan. We knew what this vote today was meant to do. It's NOT bipartisan.
PREACH!  Please know that we don't all love Sen. McConnell in Kentucky.  I've had the pleasure of voting against him twice in my 27 years.
No need to apologize for all Kentuckians. (I feel compelled to do the same for Arkansas. We aren't all ugly, hillbilly liars like Huckabee)
It won't be bipartisan and you know it.
January 3, 2023.  I will remember.
