Agreed. But #BCRA is NOT going to improve matters. Work with your colleagues to FIX the #ACA, don't destroy our entire healthcare system
because you're still upset that @BarackObama became president and this law was passed under his administration.
Healthcare and pharmaceutical expenses are high because there is virtually no regulation on those industries, which also happen to provide
substantial contributions to political campaigns for members of both parties. That would be a great bipartisan discussion/debate to have.
Also here's an interesting read: "This is a problem of their own creation that is largely confined to red states."
"Where Republican governors have sought to sabotage the program, they have largely succeeded."
"Where Democratic governors have tried to make the ACA work, they too have largely succeeded."
OK has a REPUBLICAN governor who has demonstrably sabotaged the #ACA from DAY 1.
We need single payer health care.  It is why I voted for Bernie Sanders.
Then fix it and quit whining!!
Repeal this horrible law, tear it out root and branch.
They wouldn't be high if the Repubs & Insurance Companies didn't sabotage the coverage!
And your quote would be What? 50-64 year old voters in Oklahoma are watching and listening.
Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Work to fix problems w/ ACA, instead of scrapping it. Millions have ins now that didn't b4.
Does this mean that you, too, are coming out in favor of a single-payer system!?!?!?!  @IndivisibleOK
Hardly
Thats why Obama Care needs to be repealed! Health Care Insurance needs to go back being private!!! No Government interference!!! 
If 45,000 people dying every year due to lack of healthcare is cool with you, get ready for the bodies to REALLY pile up. Babies & kids too
So, do what Bernie suggests.  Opt for single payer national healthcare.  BRCA is horrible and unChristian.  You are Christian, right?
Let me know if he answers you. He never answers me about anything.
He won't answer.  He never does.  I asked him if congress was exempt from this BRCA.  Crickets.......
He never answers and his townhalls are a joke. He thinks he's above all of that but we have a thing or 2 to say
I've never been to a townhall. His office never answers my questions.
He only allows about 10 people and only 1 designated person is allowed to ask questions. He's a joke.
A joke but not funny. He tried being funny in a tweet today 
So vote no Senator Lankford. This bill needs to be tossed in the garbage.
So let's work to FIX the ACA!  The #BCRA is cruel and unChristian.  #wwjd
Don't take things out of context, include the part where #Bernie says #SinglePayerHealthcare costs less and covers EVERYONE #BCRAproblems
Letting states get waivers to remove ACA benefit requirements means mental health and pre-existing cond. can be treated differently.
It has problems, but replacing a bad bill with another bad bill isn't a solution. Take your time and get it right.
Exactly why we should have single-payer instead of taking away coverage from millions with an even worse plan. #BCRAProblems
Yes, and BCRA raises premiums higher! In 2020, 60-year-olds in Oklahoma earning $45,000 may pay $20,430 more. http://www.aarp.org/content/dam/aarp/ppi/2017/07/oklahoma.pdf …
#BRCA just makes the ACA worse by gutting Medicaid and making healthcare unaffordable for more people. Single-payer now!
The rep plan will cost even more and leave so many with nothing!
Yes he said that and then said we need a single payer system for all!
We have enough stupid in Okla Gov we can't take anymore!  Vote NO!
Vote against it, please Senator. It's anti-poor people and retired people--many Okies. Thank you for your sincerity
His sincerity ~~choke~~
The BRCA isn't going to fix them. #BCRAproblems will leave 22 million without health care, what kind of fix is that?
I would love to have the same plan you, your family and cronies have for your health.
Well you are only making things worse.
PLEASE repeal it!
Because you want people to suffer?? Or are you just too greedy to care about others?
Lee isn't from Ok and has no idea the hell we have endured. Leave HC up to or Gov we will have none!
What we have endured is thanks to the GOP who refused to expand Medicaid etc. GOP screwed Oklahomans.
Exactly. If they'd expanded medicaid and accepted subsides, we would cut uninsured by 2/3!! Also, our rates would go down. But nooo...
And our schools are next on the chopping block.
Then FIX it! Don't take away people's insurance, for heavens sake. You've had how many years to figure this out? Shame on you, a Christian
Insurance is not medical care.  @GOP #EndDependency
If you don't like helping others, you might enjoy living in a 3rd world country where gov is truly small, pollution & disease are rampant.
Federal Intervention should be a last resort to a dispute between neighboring states or those directly impacted by their actions.
U need 2 study American history & what it was like before regulation #LudlowMassacre #Chicagofire #childlabor #oldDisabledpoverty #foodlines
Foodlines were mostly in the depression era.  We still have them yet give out food stamps, free school lunch etc. and have obesity problem.
Exactly, we give out food stamps so we don't have food lines. Free lunch 2 hungry children & educate them to become self-sufficient #allgood
Adults should be able to take care of themselves or seek assistance from local sources which are better able to evaluate need than the Feds.
#BCRA has problems. Medical and patient groups oppose it.Changes in subsidy structure means we would pay MORE for ins, not LESS, per KFF.
Agreed. Bernie solution single payer. I saw report ins. co pulled out bec profit drop from 60% to 40%. Healthcare shouldn't be for profit.
Fix.Don't throw baby out with bath water. Pls find solutions. Healthcare should be a right.Don't give tax break to 1% on backs of vulnerable
In good conscience how could you approve this bill. As stated in Wednesday's paper we are already cutting Medicaid program. Senior program?
So are you voting "No"?  Probably not. You are party all the way.
In my view, we need to guarantee health care to everyone a right, not throw millions of Americans off of health insurance. Bernie 7/14/2017
Vote NO!
It still beats Trumpcare. Vote against it please'
This is not what America asked for
So FIX IT!!  That's your job!!
Bernie is right about that. But he didn't say we should make it worse!
Do the right thing. Vote 'No" on Senate Health Care bill.
So why pass #Trumpcare, a law that will INCREASE COSTS BY 73%?
So let's fix it by tripling them.  It'll be three times better!!!

Com on, you're better than this.
Yes but GOP plan is a cruel plan that is simply a tax cut at the expense of working Americans
Fix it. Don't trash it! It also has many good things.
Yes, so as long as it has problems, why not replace it with a plan that has even more problems? Now you're thinking!
BCRA is so much worse for nearly everyone who isn't a member of congress. Please just fix the #ACA, don't destroy healthcare as we know it
Read your stmt on Healthcare bill. You are quite the spin Dr. Your political career will be defined by the way you screw over Constituents
We won't forget what you do in this defining moment and we will fire you in next election.
This tweet shows you are planning to vote for the dumpster fire replacement. It's uncivil toward poorer Oklahomans.
below is exactly how to go single payer..come out the Hero and not a Zero..
http://m.content.healthaffairs.org/content/29/6/1117.full …
No one is saying ACA is perfect. That's why we need a bipartisan approach. BRCA is worse than ACA! #VoteNoBRCA
Back to pandering donors out loud, huh?
@SenatorLankford does not listen, respond, has left Oklahomans behind #saveACA
If it's so bad how come you all voted to keep it for yourselves and try to impose deathcare on us..Not going to appease me with a Bernie

@SpeakerRyan @potus you need to read the plan I wrote! Benefits everyone except pharmaceutical companies!
Bernie supports a single payer system and so do I!
So now you're blaming Bernie for your support of this horrific bill?! Man up and take responsibility for your decision to purge constituents
You talk the Christian talk. How 'bout following the scripture? It's simple. What would Jesus do? Vote NO on Wealthcare.
#healthcare not a @wealthcare @GOP turns a blind eye and fills their pockets!!
As You Lose Your Coverage, Insurance Companies Will Get A $145 Billion Tax Cut From Trumpcare #healthcare not #wealthcare its a #Deathtax
It's not perfect.  The GOP did their best to sabotage it, so make it better.  Work with what you have.  Don't repeal!  I'm an OK voter.
Which Jesus is yours? The Republican one or the real one?
PTSD for veterans will be considered a pre existing condtion and so will any other medical problems for veterans!!
To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans.
There is a pre existing condition clause there is a cap on amounts for lifetime!! Glad your waking up
All you well educated bright people in congress can find a solution if you work together bipartisanly. This is what Americans want. Lead  it
If you won't listen to us, would you at least listen to the healthcare groups speaking out against this bill? Even insurance groups opposed.
Problems can be fixed. You don't quit a marriage that has problems, you work it out...why not applying the same principle with healthcare?!
I would love to be able to stand in front of the house an Senate to tell them to grow up  if my children acted like them  ,butt time.
so let's make the ACA better. the Senate's healthcare bill makes access to healthcare worse. it's not the answer. it will kill Americans.
Sounds like a call to make even better what the ACA began. Why the need to scrap? If we call it ACA and not Obamacare, can we fix it?
U have the White House u have it all u don't like trump because he doesn't fit in ur country club,ur CC needs to b replaced with working pep
Government can't run much of anything well u were originally elected to keep our country safe not run our lives.u r proving u can't run much
Congress should have the same ins as u expect us 2 have it would get fixed real http://quick.gov  should not be in the ins business
U people r railroading trump when r u going 2 bring the real criminals to justice,Clinton,lynch,comey obama,u wouldn't need 2 work so hard.
Even w/ insurance, bills are unmanageble. Ridiculous to have ER visit to in-network hospital where you're treated by out-of-network doctor.
You can't be serious James!
...which is why I believe, along with Sen. Sanders, that single-payer healthcare is the only equitable option.
Under GOP plan my deductibles & premiums will rise and caps will return. Why is Congress not required to have same as me?
Lankford is party all the way. Talks as though he cares, but he doesn't.
Yes, that's what happens when the opposition party controls Congress for 6+ yrs. You & your colleagues refuse to make necessary changes 
Perhaps if you spoke to some doctors, negotiated with insurance companies, INCLUDED SOME WOMEN.
Vote for the Bill. Work out the problems after you have it passed.
Allow importation of medicine, reimbursement by insurers and immigration by Drs. & Nurses.  @housebudgetGOP @BudgetGOP #EndDependency
As a democrat I say vote for it. The GOP will be a minority party for a decade if it passes. Kill the party vote for it.
But let's leave out the rest of that statement, because it doesn't support our FUCKED view of healthcare.
The #BCRA takes coverage from the largest amount of individuals in history. Republicans sabotaged the #ACA so whatever you say is flawed.
Sure, so you're gonna support single payer then?
??
If states expanded Medicade and worked to help make their market attractive instead of poisoning the market to raise premiums.  #ACA
The ACA is a mess. But please do not rush us to another mess just to give Trump a feather in his cap. Do not pass this bill until we know.

Maybe we can get Putin to vote NO on the Senate health insurance bill.  He's a smart guy.  #healthcare #Trumpcare #VoteNo
Your plan is much worse. No coverage, caps on coverage and still high deductibles and premiums. No one can afford it. Wealthy get a tax cut.
So, if people with preexisting conditions can't afford insurance, we won't have to worry about deductibles or co-payments. #brilliant
Then WHY WHY WHY are you keeping the ACA in tact??? It's a FARCE
#RepealAndReplace 
#CreepingSinglePayer
That doesn't mean it cannot be fixed. Also you leave out GOP causes for both.
A partial quote from 
@SenSanders is how Lankford does leadership in OKLA. #wealthcare
REPEAL & REPLACE!!!
Guess we know how you're voting.  I hope you reap what you are sowing come relection time.  Your don't represent this Okie.
If you are willing to quote him then came consider the single payer option I think it's the closest to what you have
And those problems are from the amendments that you and the @GOP put in the bill. Republicans basically ruin EVERYTHING for the US people.
NO! U will NOT lay this fiasco at the feet of R's! We told u EXACTLY what would happen w/this bill & it did! D's own it. Not 1 R vote.
Yes I will because I have that right. No republicans voted for it because they knew the horror show THEY had created in the ACA. #growup
Please vote no. Work on bringing down the cost of prescription drugs. Fix the health care bill that you know will be fair to all Americans.
Yes, but no where in there did he say throw 22 million people off their health care to try and fix it!
@gop plan will cause premiums to skyrocket.
please reach across the aisle and fix it!  Don't take away Medicaid to the poorest of Oklahomans.
Mend it, don't end it.
No end it, get government out of health care.
So what are you gonna asK SANTA Mitch to bring OK?
BRCA does not fix these problems, and discriminates against people with existing health problems. Vote no please.
Phone: (202) 224-5754   Call daily. Call often.
So fix it! Don't create a whole new mess by allowing shadows of insurance plans and penalties for senior citizens.
Please Senator the many elderly and working poor Okies need you to vote no! These folks are not asking for a tax cut they need medical care.
,if he votes for this bill,  it's time to vote someone better atune to okla voters.  He's become a bureaucrat
...so let's make sure ins companies don't actually have to cover health care expenses, that'll fix the problem #bettercaremyass
Yes it has issues. That doesn't mean you ditch it altogether, esp to replace it with something worse.
So FIX IT!  Don't take insurance away from 23 million people!!!
Which is why congress should strengthen ACA. You are killing the horse over a sprained ankle.
And the replacement plan sounds even worse - per Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Senator, your denial that Trump Tower meeting with Russians was wrong makes you a hypocrisy expert.  Stand up for healthcare or shut up.

To be clear, ACCEPTING AND ATTENDING THE MEETING IS REACHING BACK. That's why this is news.
What effect will new bill have on rural Oklahomans? Particularly the Cruz amendment.
So amend it, make it better #VoteNoBCRA
Posting this partial quote to make it seem as though Sanders will be voting to repeal it, that's not the case. Shame on you.
What @Susan_M_Barnes said. 
Senator, I concede ACA is a bandaid. Trump care is a bloodletting. Please vote no.
Insurance is a scam designed to help a very few get richer. #SinglePayer
This is a singularly amazing letter.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
So instead of fixing the ACA you think it would be better to kick 22 MILLION people off of health care. How can this possibly fix things?
We need someone that speaks for the people. It's time to find a replacement for you - your GOP rhetoric that is destroying our country.
James...then FIX it! Who would Jesus kick off of healthcare? Come on James, I know you read the gospel. I know you are a good man.
If this passes Lank, thank you and the GOP for doing my 82 year old mother in.
Oklahoma doesn't support Obama Care so it's a mute point to even bring it up @SenatorLankford plus you don't even read responses to tweets
Please do not attempt to speak for Oklahoma. Not all Oklahomans are against Obamacare. For some, it has been a blessing.
Oklahoma does not support Obama Care credits we pay full price.
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption ….       Senate republicans exempt own healthcare coverage.
That we can fix with #SinglePayer, don't try to twist his words like we don't know what he stands for, unlike your money grubbing butt
Don't Repeal...fix it!
@LindseyGrahamSC as a consolation for failing Americans on healthcare! Dont we deserve to have the mandates lifted? At least?
Should of left it all alone! We loved our insurance before Obamacare scammed everyone. WE said NO we didn't want it.
20 million pple disagree.
Well lol is that the # the Dems are running with? 20 million  people are going to die with the new healthcare insurance. It's a fake#
Yes. So what sense does it make cut its funding &give tax cuts to people who don't need them. You're taking a problem &making it much worse
#BCRA benefits <1% of Oklahomans... @SenatorLankford @JimInhofe voting for this bill is a Dereliction of Duty.  Even AK got a Polar Payoff.
Admit you are just another partisan republican with no interest in doing what is right for the people. And Christ is disappointed in you.
IF christ existed, they would not be friends.
Then tweet it! Stop the obstructionism! No Repeal #ACA! 
If the GOP has to bribe Senators for votes, they are as bad as the Dems.  Repeal.
And doesn't suck like the BCRA. Increase coverage and do not cut medicaid
Just gauranteed to NOT get my vote.
yes, but your plan will make things worse.
Trumpcare has so many more problems.   Even the insurance companies hate it!
Insurance Companies hating #BCRA says something ~ it gives them BILLIONS in tax subsidies!
This may be the case in some states, but not all. Work to fix instead of replacing with something worse.
that's because no one had any idea what the bill would actually do when implemented. you have to work out the kinks not completely
obliterate the thing. good god.
Clean repeal, please.  It's a huge mess.  Demolish and start over.
Dumbest idea ever. Stop sabotaging it.
Current version leaves taxes in place but reduces market distortion from subsidies. #EndDependency @BudgetGOP @housebudgetGOP @GOP
At the very least lift the mandates! Americans deserve something?
It's killing us! It's cheaper to die!

So you want to kick 55million seniors off Medicare?
We need some real solutions then.  Not AHCA which cuts medical care and will raise rates higher.
