A divisive week because of far leftist antifa BLM violence!! Condemn antifa BLM! Don't vote for censor of @realDonaldTrump
You are doing many good things. Please be willing to extend Christian compassion to immigrants who are non criminals hardworking neighbors.
Find a DACA solution.  Show Trump that Congress can do something that is good for all Americans not just white american men. #swampWH
Wonder @SenatorTimScott, would u come have dinner @ home of those living in an industrial wind factory because of your Yes vote on Wind PTC?
Barry Black is the man #maga
All 3 of you, great and godly men!
If these were bipartisan it would be even better!  America needs to heal together.  All races united as Americans!
OH GOOD.  Taxpayers can pick up another bill and NOTHING will get accomplished......WHY NOT
Honestly all due respect to you and Sen. Scott but what you all do Sunday should be making the US stronger by passing a bill suspending immigration . Also suspend DACA. Chain migration is destroying our country. You all think Sunday lunch grandstanding will fix something? LOL
PLEASE @SenatorTimScott, Educate yourself about what the industrial wind mess is doing to rural America communities 
https://www.cfact.org/2016/07/29/america-blighted-by-industrial-wind/ …
Hey at least you try
pls keep in mind that the "divisive week" tho centuries in the making, is a product of Donald's patholog addiction to instigating evil drama
We need to see more support for Potus. If you guys allow a censure of Trump...we will remember that in 2018, 2020 & 2022. @SpeakerRyan @GOP
Yes a great solution would for McCain , McConnell, to retire and graham to move to Canada

73% Say Freedom of Speech Worth Dying For - Rasmussen Reports™ http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/lifestyle/general_lifestyle/august_2017/73_say_freedom_of_speech_worth_dying_for …
Tim Scott needs to be less divisive and support the POTUS
I want to encourage you to grow a pair and say his name! #ImpeachTrumpNOW

We have a problem tomorrow & it must be addressed tonight 
Douglas M. Ducote 
United States Army (Ret.) 
CEO Vet UVF
Don't believe this @SenatorTimScott! @TGowdySC, MyMainMan, says he's friend&fave politician! My family has #respect 4 him! WouldNOTDoThis! 
Again, have you directed any of these statements to @realDonaldTrump?
@realDonaldTrump called out both sides.  Why is that evil? Antifa BLM were there attacking People too!
Hold Corporations accountable;no boondoggle actual jobs; actual wage increases.  Trick down economics and tax reform does not work. #kansas
Ur going to be judge badly by enabling this very sick demented racist http://president.Country  b4 insane http://leader.Country  b4 politics
You want butterflies and sunshine, but the reality is that govt works for its citizens. We need you to drive accountability at the top.
@SenatorTimScott part of a great idea with #SolutionSunday, but voting Yes on Wind PTC (Pork-To-Cronies) is NOT a conservative thing to do!
Love this. Also should add ppl of diff political ilk, as well.
Heartwarming 
How about introducing it to the senate. Invite a person from the opposite party to dinner to find common ground and move the country forward
We can no longer have weak and cowardly senators claiming to have the American People's best interest. Stand with 45 Fall with him #Vote2018
Continue to stand with 45 the people will be heard in due time no rallies will help you. You did not stand with us #Vote2018
@SenatorTimScott Industrial Wind A NET LOSER - Economically, Environmentally, Technically & Civilly! #EndWindWelfare
We all need to sit at a table and express our thoughts & hopes to each other, hopefully America can find a common ground to live together
So once again LYING don gets away with what would end anyone elses political career.Shame on all U spineless fools Vote for 2yr term limits
Oh please stop the holier than thou attitude. It's preposterous the way so many of you R not supporting our duly elected @POTUS disgraceful
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP.STAND BY YOUR PRESIDENT AND HONOR HIM.
Address THIS. Here's your problem:
Divisive because YOU BOTH believed a childish, racist, xenophobic, sexist, tax evading, pathological liar would make a good president? 
I HEAR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY GOING TO SELL AMERICA & TRUMP OUT ON A BILL THE DEMS GOING TO DO TOMORROW AGAINST TRUMP SHAME SHAME
So say it for what it is. Quit making vague statements. Trump is unstable and not fit for the office of Prez. Country before party! Coward

GOP is done if the Senate allows it
I want to hear more about DemocRATic bribery
Where's the backbone in leadership?? Support the POTUS!!

BLM and antifa in the past many years have caused more violence, hatred and destruction and yet they aren't listed as terrorist.
The destruction of our confederate history, monuments and statues is a damn disgrace.
This country wouldn't be full of hatred if you politicians would do your jobs and stop inciting violence and intolerance.
The only thing we the people will consider is a complete removal and replacement of everyone of you politicians.
@hectormorenco @SenatorTimScott disappointed that sen Scott himself has added to the division with his comments
How about do your job and support the president's agenda?
A DEVICIVE WEEK????? U PPL HAVE PERPETUATED RACIAL HATRED IN THIS COUNTRY FOR DECADES!!!! U R LATE IN ASKING 4 UNITY WHEN U R THE PROBLEM!!
BULLSHIT, Republican leadership in Senate are failing the base.  We want a change in the SENATE!
The only support Republicans can get at this point is if you remove Trump. Short of that your a waste of American Pride
R U spineless GOP "representatives" of the people going 2 call out lying don 4 the clueless & unfit person he is U R now Nazis by default
@SenateGOP @SenatorTimScott not a chance voting out all the dead weight
Oklahoma knows their jobs are not improving... good bye Lankford.
Love this Senator Scott!! Leadership by example.

Did you hear? 40,000 marched in #BOSTON today. How about a #SolutionSaturday -- EVERY Saturday until you #ImpeachTrump?
The silent majority is watching u! U better start backing up OUR Pres..
TBOS15: @DiamondandSilk couldn't hold back.  It was time for all of them to go into the bowl this week.  Re-Tweet, Re-Tweet, Re-Tweet... 
Why didn't you join any more African American  @GOP senators, that would help with your initiative, ohhhhhhh right
I've been saying this for years. We don't know each other
Senators, I don't agree w/ much of your politics, but this is a good way forward, built on good social science. Thank you, and keep at it.
JAMES LANGFORD is a HUGE TRUMP SUPPORTER and does whatever Trump says...even tried to take away healthcare when the boss told him to...
Yet another useless senator who doesnt stand up for americans- go home eat sunday dinner,  itll be ok! No it fkn isnt! #corruptGOP #impeach

We're you worried about the divisiveness of @GOP when Republicans openly encouraged the disrespect of @POTUS44 by @realDonaldTrump...ATONE
Benghazi hearings how much did that nonsense cost us taxpayers.
#obamawho
Have not seen Tim this week (unfortunately) he is perhaps the best postioned person in America to deal with this tension
Impeach Trump is an incredible idea for  a #SolutionSunday @SenatorLankford  
Careful your evil demon is showing...Freedom and Hope are NOT the progressives' desire. You are a useful tool to your own demise.  Peace out
@elegantcoretta @SenatorTimScott What's going on SUNDAY, why not start  by censuring the illegitimate PRESIDENT
REPUBLICANS in CONGRESS could get an exceptional  message from another fellow Republican
MR.JOSEPH PINION III, this young man is phenomenally BRILLIANT, he has a message of
CLARITY and FACTS,
My black friends and I have a lot more in common than my republican friends and I.
We encourage all of you to wake up and go looking for info on what has been happening with everyday ppl who support President. He knows you
Don't bother to find out. Its why we support him. Our vote is under attack.We are cleaning house if you don't protect our vote for President
@hughhewitt @SenatorTimScott Senator I agree with what you and Scott are doing, however George Soros must be investigated
for his financing of BLM, Antifa, and others
"Solution Sundays". There's this feeling that you guys are just over your heads.
me and tim scott like eating food good
While you are at it, let's work on solutions
Monday,
Tuesday, 
Wednesday, 
Thursday, 
and Friday.
If the challenge is to get Trump out ASAP I'm in.
Sorry Marc. Senator Langford is from Oklahoma not New York. DonaldTrump is President
When you start speaking truthfully about the Russua investigation and Donald Trump, we will  accept your challenge!
oh now the GOP is all concerned about race and poverty must mean 2018 getting closer
why dont ya pass infrastructure, tax reform, & ocare replacement, before ya lose control & mess up what trump handed yall
a divisive week how about the 8 years with President Obama a man with talent, brains and integrity that GOP blocked at every turn
What about voter suppression efforts that @GOP supports, enacted???
Lol
Why in  God's name are you all talking to a "Queen of Fake News CNN". You should be working @POTUS  agenda. U already failed Healthcare!
Thank You for this work. When you get back to D.C. could you look into the fire in the WH. It looks really bad.
Impeach Trump and go have a steak dude. Stop pissing down our backs & telling us it's raining! 

Should be "consider @SenatorTimScott and my". Where did you go to grammar school?
Not just senators.What about Diversity Dining..Random people of all races and cultures meet for dinner to talk about everything once a month
What we need is to invite someone of another party to dinner.
Who would want to have dinner with these people
Pathetic, name one real nazi in politics today on the "GOP" side. Who is it? 

I can name one, literal Nazi George Soros who funds BLM, etc.


Clinton Fdn. bought @SpeakerRyan v. Trump:

Email: “He is on board, will retract invitation to speak.”

…
Bigotry wrapped in Prayer is still Bigotry. God doesn't like liars and thieves. Neither does Karma
Why aren't you calling out the Nazi's in the WH? Oh wait you voted the judges in already. Ever wonder why all white faces there? No color?
Why aren't you addressing the voter suppression in the US? That is just as racist or calling out Kobach Commission for erasing people off
Nice idea..but hey I can't afford to feed me in America..
I have read & appreciate your comment on what occurred last week but please denounce Trump for blaming those who did the right thing.
He better not. You see the silent majority do not take to the streets, they march to vote. I believe Donald Trump won overwhelming in okla.
#ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow

Mannnnn y'all didn't cook shit in suits.
...same Almighty God.
....differently then you could talk about solving race issue. No body should be offended because of color. After all we are created by the..
I am Africa America I have never worried or think of racism. You really think you can solve race issue. Ask God why He created humans......
I'm game..Im in Ohio, but I'm game. Whatcha say @senrobportman & @SenSherrodBrown ...? can we do this?  @DTheKingpin what do you think?
You think eating dinner is going to keep us from being gunned down by open-carry morons!
It's TIME for ALL of AMERICA to BREAK BREAD  and SIT at the SAME Dinner Table @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP 
Call me NAIVE, it's my HOPE
Did you hear? 40,000 marched in #BOSTON today. How about a #SolutionSaturday EVERY Saturday until you #ImpeachTrump? #GOPDoSomething #GOP
Maybe after Senate a job at CNN. I would like you to take a constituent challenge, fix healthcare, tax reform and illegal immigration.
Your actions, or lack thereof, speak volumes. You continue to support a racist.
Is that where you republicans tuck tail between your legs and cave to democrats as always?
Is this really "never have I ever"?! That'll fix things.
Will u please consider apologizing for #GOPSouthernStrategy? cc @sethmoulton @soledadobrien @maggieNYT
Part of the problem is that for 8 yrs. Obama let people do what ever they wanted & there were no
consequences. Now, Trump is setting rules & boundaries & people are having 2 yr. old meltdowns.
They are having melt downs bc the libtards failed in getting Hillary elected.  The cartel owns every one of them and they cannot collect.

God bless you for speaking up, from the son of Jewish vets.
Nice!

JUSTICE FOR HEATHER! RT THIS TILL SHE GETS IT!!https://twitter.com/acluva/status/896386562484731904 …
The greatest politician cannot change the hearts of men only God can
Maybe a a grammar lesson should be part of your discussion.
Media is not twisting his words.  HE IS TWISTING OUR COUNTRY.  U support this? U want to nullify it with "divisive week"? "Both sides"? #ACT
Donald Trump is President no one said it would be easy to drain the swamp guess the voters will have to help him.
We never needed "media" to interpret. He says & acts like what he IS. A monster & the stupidest thing U ever did to America. #BeHeroic
A DIVISIVE WEEK? Unless UR all secretly plotting a safe and bloodless removal of the #NazisInTheWhiteHouse UR nothing but #NaziSympathizers
Made decisive BY design. Protestors were set up to be attacked by ANTIFA, BLM & now we play the "racist" card. Do U support monument removal
It is amazing how COWARDLY U Republicans are...Left Wing tactic has always been "racist". All BS. Pathetic U have 0 courage to fight lies.
Denounce the Left Wing Antifa & cop killing BLM. Protestors in Charlottesville were herded to Antifa thugs. POTUS was right. Both sides.
Denounce YOUR president! Show some courage. You and your fellow Senators are pathetic
A lot of us in the cities have been doing this for years. I'm smart.. I can't cook, so I go to THEIR house. Also, can't tell you how --
--much free food I've gotten while teaching friends English! Free Chinese, Cambodian-- and Arroz Con Gandules, Food of the Gods!!
divisive.  yeah  you and the Nazis versus America
Better if you stop being a coward! Call out the POTUS & Stop being a Koch Bros Pawn!
Taking down statues needs to be done by a referendum by the PEOPLE - Not by little dictators spread throughout America.
I hope you and the other senators will stand up for and work with @PONTUS. And get something done for a change!
You need to stand up senator not just talk remember that ole saying if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything Please stand
Yes Stand up for our party and our President
Again, the fact that you have to actually plan to have diversity at your table is embarrassing. Certainly nothing to brag about, James.
I guess pretty much he's just damned then right? This is a great idea that we should all celebrate.
If in 2017 you have to plan to have diversity at your table, you have segregated yourself from the real world. I feel sorry for you.
The rest of us have a diverse group of friends and family and our tables are diverse naturally and daily.
Your condescension isn't helpful to solving the problem. Many work with or even socialize with people they don't invite to their home.
The Senators have made a really great suggestion & it's something they've been encouraging for a year & a half. Now it has media attention.
Given your personal experience I'd think that you'd applaud them but why you'd be critical I can't even imagine.
@SenatorLankford Does the bidding of a racist bigot. If he wants a better world, get Nazis out of White House. This idea was cute in 1950.
Who cares what you do? Trump is right and your all cowards for not admitting it.
Are you proud of your party and president?
Are you
You are a coward, Mr. Lankford. Stand up for the people. Do not support hatred and bigotry. We will not put up with this.
Stop pandering! Get to work and repeal Obamacare like you promised. Stop playing identity politics.
Meals are great. If you truly want to make it better acknowledge Trump is unfit to lead.
How exactly does that help anything?
Try that with Maxine waters , it's not a race problem that's plaguing our nation, it's a ideology , I wish all people could see that
Well how do we influence those with other ideologies if not by knowing them and having conversations?
And reach across the aisle when in DC.
Take off the ties. Wear well worn jeans, boots and T-shirt and visit the green house in Pelham, GA. See what a house divided looks like.
I'm curious what you are referencing. Google didn't bring anything up other than greenhouse nurseries
The Green House is an abandoned home in Pelham, GA where forgotten people gather to waste away their lives. Many towns have such a place.
Not if it's on CNN.
Thank you  A Step Forward in troubled times.
NEVER!!!
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!!!!!!
Here is solution:
Repeal Obama-Care
Balanced the Budget
Build the Border Wall
Pass Tax Reform/Reduction
Or Repeal RINOs in 2018
Get It Done
@SenateGOP @SenatorTimScott We are finally addressing race relations in Trump's America.
People on here acting like he has to denounce Trump. Why don't you all denounce your own hates and bigotries first b4 u point fingers.
This is Good stuff Lankford. More face to face with others (civil settings) I feel too would stem a lot of this twittersteria.  #MAGA
meanwhile Trump is becoming a Nazi
Do nazis and white supremacists do kumbayas? You know what's required to fix this. You don't own the cojones... Just a renter that talks.
Do nazis and white supremacists do kumbayas? You know what's required to fix this. You don't own the cojones... Just a renter that talks.
I WILL NOT BE SUPPORTING, DONATING, OR VOTING FOR ANY REPUBLICAN IN ANY POLITAL RACE AGAIN. YOUR ALL SPINLESS UNTRUSTWORTHY SNOBS. DECEIVED
TY that is a wonderful thing to do. When you get back to Washington could you please help putout the fire at the White House. It looks bad
Senator, you should probably check your grammar?
RUSSIAN TRAITORS are still going to be RUSSIAN TRAITORS, RUSSIAN TRAITORS!
I'm in!
That's easy! Just say everything everyone wants you to say and they'll love you.
Not unless you stand up to these leftist demorats
Remove the Nazi president
When are you going to denounce Trump and his racism? #impeachOrBeComplicit #ImpeachTrumpNow
They sure don't have to worry about how much food they put away taxpayers pay for it
The One important challenge Your all cowards. #trumpkkk

Our country suffers from hateful and daily divisive rhetoric. Our two parties sadly lead this march! Call your senator, Pass tax reform now!
BH Obama led the way for the surge in hate, race divide more than any other president in history. He will go down in history as evil.
They hate him who reproves in the gate, and they abhor him who speaks with integrity. Therefore because you impose heavy rent on the poor...

Do you think this is helping? Or is your intention to just throw gasoline on the fire? Trump's a jerk but has done nothing impeachable.
Quit the encounter groups.Fix the roads. I don't fall for these maneuvers that take focus off of what you aren't doing. But sheep are sheep.
If I decide to invite someone to eat they will be safe driving through the potholes? can't afford food after spending 600 front end repairs.
It will not work as the Democratic left has proven time and again compromise is just an opportunity to further their agenda!
Hence, compromise
What does inviting someone to Sunday dinner at  your home have to do with compromise in D.C.?
You"re still patting yourself on the back. zero town hall mtgs. refuse to call Trump out on his lies and racism. #empty suit #senate
Love it snowflakes melting. Get use to it Donald Trump is President
You need to get onboard the Trump train or you will find yourself looking for a new line of work.
I want to encourage you to get on board the Trump train. Any attempt to remove him will be a very sad day for America.
.We want you three and the rest of @gop to go back to work and support our President @realDonaldTrump. 2018 will be here B4 U know it.
#Antifa vs #AltRight #Charolettesville (raw video) seems to be 2 sides fighting here senator!
#BlackLivesMatter vs #AltRight once again seems to be 2 groups fighting senators!
Great idea! #InclusionStartsWithI
Why you are all DC Swamp Republican cowards There is no difference between left and right extremes It's a matter of geometry
Cowards lose
when republican start having lunch & dinner with Democrats then they will have solutions as that is what used to happen in DC.
Can I get an invite?
Ahh, I think the plan is for us to do the inviting.
Why have you not defended the President?
it was a set up please have faith
 podesta email. call ur oppent hitler. they want to divide us. stand strong! God Bless
Love understanding & changes needed for us to live peacefully American values needs a restorative effort Fabulous Do a documentary? Cheers
