I'm an Aussie from Sydney and I absolutely love the Texas people, my heart goes out to u all 
Thank you so much. 
Much Luvits a tragic thing 2 happen.Its hard when life gives u a hundred reasons 2 cry,show life that u have a thousand reasons 2 smile
Hang in there Texas 

http://teensearncash.com/?ref=Msjessica85 …

Our daughter wants to help hurricane harvey victims
An extraordinary Governor.
LORD #GodBlessTexas 
Make her more beautiful and stronger then ever. 
Bless the victims & responders with Peace, good Friends & good Health
So confusing if one is Christian isn't every Sunday a prayer day?
GREG ABBOT 2018!  Best gov in years!  He actually cares for us Texans
Prayer doesn't work. Try sending $s.
How about the victims of @GregAbbott_TX and his evil Conservative cohorts? We need leaders who represent all Americans!
On a Sunday? To make sure all other religions know that we arent wanted? Do you really believe that now is the time to push your agenda?
Thank you God for Texans & all those that helped show your great love by loving & helping one another thru this storm.
We have been and will continue to do so
You are a man that loves the people he works for. I hope one day I can cast my vote for you for the top office there is. Thank you!

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/removal-american-red-cross-responders-attached-or-conjunction-fema-disaster-sites …
Praying for the great state of Texas and our great country
Tghanka ,but I'd rather have a state Government that actually does something 
Prayers make you feel good, that's it.
Pray in 1 hand and put a hammer and nails in the other. See which gets you further.
Both will do great work. Try it!
Or to get off your ass and do something.
A 31y #DACA died in #Houston while helping during #Harvey2017 His mother is denied visa to travel to #US to attend his funeral @houstonchron
SHOW US THE MONEY.  PRAY FOR YOURSELF.
Amen!
Thank you for this declaration @GregAbbott!  
Actually, I’m pretty sure they’d rather you sent some money, or food, or maybe a tent.
Why were 9 Young adults gunned down in Plano Texas?  Why is Arlington Texas medical...programming Manchurians en Masse aka subversion 
Jesus would not have kicked out the #DREAMERS
@RepKevinBrady Yeah. Tell that to the dreamers now that @POTUS is ending #DACA ! More like "Day of You Don't Have a Prayer"!
How bout we pray for you to release some of those emergency rainy day funds to help people
God in heaven bless the people of Texas who have been affected by Hurricane Harvey. Thank you 4 all you are doing there. God bless America.
Prayers without action are empty. Use some of the $11B of the Texas Rainy Day fund. Harvey brought days and days of rain.
God Bless Texas!
remember the fore victoms in the north and north-east
Prayers Texas Strong Texas Proud.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/TheOriginalDeplorables/permalink/1075915902770525/ …
The entire diocese of Sacramento was praying for you today. We are one body of Christ! #nationaldayofprayer
How many prayed that the hurricane wouldn't hit them? Prayer only makes people feel good without actually doing anything.
You should retire and maybe become a preacher. You're in the wrong job!
I will be their God,
    and they will be my people.
I personally thought it clever to have the Nat'l Day of Prayer on a Sunday. We'll come to associate Sunday with going to church now.
after that time, declares the Lord.
I will put my laws in their minds
    and write them on their hearts.
Hebrews 8:10New International Version (NIV)

10 This is the covenant I will establish with the people of Israel
5 The Lord loves righteousness and justice;
    the earth is full of his unfailing love.
Psalm 33:4-5New International Version (NIV)

4 For the word of the Lord is right and true;
    he is faithful in all he does.
Psalm 25:14New International Version (NIV)

14 The Lord confides in those who fear him;
    he makes his covenant known to them.
Do the right thing. Use the rainy day fund for its intended use and not for a wall or personal gain.
The one whose walk is blameless,
    who does what is righteous,
    who speaks the truth from their heart;
New International Version (NIV)
And the words of the Lord are flawless,
    like silver purified in a crucible,
    like gold[a] refined seven times.
Footnotes:
Show us the money Greg.
I have been praying for people of Texas since day storm hit. Wonder if Dem's & Left will object to my praying for Texas!
You hypocrite. I hope you roll into a sink hole.
I've been sent to spread the message God bless Texas!
As Christians, will you raise Medicaid levels, support insurance marketplaces and SNAP, incl for undocumented?
Trifling
Sorry that liberals don't pray to God
Sending prayers from California!
I will definately being praying for everyone and every living thing. 
September 3rd is a proclamation for national prayer day period.
We are all (well most of us) praying for you & Texas governor.
special session of tx leg needs to be called to 1) mandate flood ins for homeowners on tx gulf coast 2) establish Tx Emerg Mgmt Commission
i hope and pray for $ 200B in resources to be found to repair, replace and restore homes, businesses, highways + other in the 2017 Tx Flood
Really? How about calling a special session
God bless Texas!
Remember This: Prayer is comfort, encouragement, inspiration, assurance, solace and HOPE, the Greatest Gift of GOD to mankind!
 #NationalDayofPrayer #HurricaineHarvey

Do your job. Prayers do not help places and people in TX that u have hurt while deregulating everything,
A little reminder. Christians aren't the only ones who pray.  And Kevin, a reminder to you, Christians aren't the only ones who vote.
Governor,  God Bless you and the great State of Texas
God Bless you Governor, sending prays to you and all Harvey victims🕇
We at #holtforthefuture are here for you @GregAbbott_TX, @GovAbbott, and the state of Texas!
Yes. Let's pray they get a competent governor soon....

#incompetent @GregAbbott_TX
Thank you governor.
Remember Texas had a $10 billion 'rainy day' fund? Call a special session and USE it for Harvey victims. That will do more than prayer will
what a joke a disaster and your using it for personal gain with a book
I hope congress dosent make tekas pay for the evil its reps did to sandy victims then lie about it
Release the rainy day fund.
Why aren't you tapping the rainy day fund to help Texans?
GREG ABBOTT PROTECTING CORPORATIONS AND POCKETING THE CASH.
Maybe instead of prayers you should open up that "rainy day fun" to help Houston recover from some of the rainiest days ever?
All Americans including states should have a savings to last a least 3-6 mths of bills.This is what we call common sense & helping yourself
I wonder what would help more, prayers or using the rainy day funds? 
Praying TX doesn't drown in new toxins unleashed by Harvey. 45 has severely cut EPA. Ironic how you now need the Fed gov that you despise.
Isn't a hurricane an act of god? Shouldn't we maybe have a day of shunning?
https://www.facebook.com/martin.benson.501/posts/1445896178821408 …
Or as we Christian 's call "Sunday ", godless trump acting like he invented the day for you and his other trump worshippers to bow to him.
"Stop judging by mere appearances, but instead judge correctly” (John 7:24).
Where in Bible or in our prayers should we kick people when they're down? Now #DACA, how are you helping ALL ppl?
I just spotted @CBP immigration agents outside the main flood shelter in downtown Houston. This is why immigrants don't want to come. 
no special session to release rainy day funds? Yet special session for bathroom bill #votethisscumout
Everyday is a day of prayer, not just when you need something. peace and God Bless.
pray for victims of the hurricane that God created?
I pray that you'll address the unknown pool of uncontrolled chemicals at Arkema and the sludge that got flooded from Superfund sites, Greg.
Real leaders take responsibility for their failures. You are a failed leader.
A horrible only political Governor! Twice he was interviewed about DACA and he wouldn't answer or show empathy for others! Vote him out!

I pray you see the light on 
#DACA and allow families to remain together.   Families that help weather the storm.
Sending positive thoughts and prayers for all those affected by this horrific storm. Praying for strength&guidance as you try to recover 
Prey if you can't help, but help if you can. Not God bless Texas but rather God bless its people.
White House back tracks on claim that Trump is giving 1 million dollars of his own money to hurricane victims.
God Bless.
How dare you offer prayers while refusing to release the $10B rainy day fund $$ Texans need!  PRAYER WILL NOT REBUILD THEIR HOMES
BUT #GodOfCreation hears those prayers & Holy Spirit descends 2 open& wallets. That, Ms Lala is Believer's 4 answerd 
#ClaimWhatIsnt 
Prayers for all affected and that we may recover and rebuild quickly. Thank you to all the responders,  from private, local, state, federal
Wanna pretend you did something while doing nothing? Well then pray.
Oh good cause that will take of everything! #idiotjesusfreaks
It's Sunday.
El día de Oración es el Sábado no el domingo!! Ezequiel 20:20
Praying with my church for us all
Pray for texas everyday. US government is going to connect to the power grid in texas. Texas people watch your Grid now during this
Thank you for your quick response to such a horrible event. Made a huge difference. Hugs from a native Houstonian.


Thank you! #UnitedStatesNationalPrayerCouncilTexas
Prayer is lovely. But a special session to fund hurricane relief is critical. Your lack of compassion for your constituents is appalling.
Add 4 the nation and the protection of POTUS. PRAYER SHIELDS UP N LETS UNITE IN PRAYER. Ps:91
May God bless Texas, all of its citizens and all of the folks helping with the recovery.
Just another way for Abbott to seem like he's helping, while he and his cronies are lining their pockets with relief funds.
Texas has had National Prayer Day for years...
I'll pray you will break into the Rainy Day Fund.
In the words of our @POTUS 

https://twitter.com/ColumbiaBugle/status/904163241470726145 …

#HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas 
#TexasStrong
"You have a great, great governor." -@realDonaldTrump 
Gov. Abbott, all the talk about Houston's flooding, I feel like the people of Port Aransas, Rockport and the Coastal Bend r being forgotten
Pray for our country as a whole  Texas shows we can do this  God shows we need to do this
praying and then donating needed supplies.
We The People of the United States of America are all praying for everyone in Texas today & everyday. Thank you for everything you have done
#Pray
Hiw about you call a special session to access your $10B Rainy Day fund instead of praying and letting the rest of the US pick up your tab?
Because this was & is a National Disaster! It doesn't just belong to Texas
God Bless Texas.
National Day of Prayer . God Bless Texas.  I have been praying for all the people impacted by Harvey. #TexasStrong
@VictoryLakeland will be a part of #nationaldayofprayer We are also giving to @ConvoyofHope for #Texas. Pray for us b/c we are in Florida.
Praying for everyone in the Texas/Louisiana area for safety, good health and patience. 
Huragan harvey poland happy jou

Ok. I will pray right now...
"Blessed is the nation whose Elohim is יהוה, The people whom He has chosen as His own inheritance." Psalms 33:12
Original Hebrew Translation
Separation of Church and Sta...oh no not today. 
Founding Fathers didn't say that. Sorry, plz reply around 1pm, got to go Church.
