@SenatorLankford  campaign contribuitons..Now do you see why he is so vested in shafting us...Lets make those backers happy..blood money?
if you quote numbers explain Y. bc U didn't pass mandate. Healthy people pay for sick. Then they benefit later
NOT OKAY WITH IT but where is your plan? You've had 6 yrs. NO EXCUSE for total ineptness of Senate. U will loose Senate 2018. Ppl FED UP.
8 years of complaining and yet no solutions. #Justbehonest That's a bad ROI and ROE votes. #2018doover. Bye.
Would rather have the status quo than the harmful Trumpcare.
So causing 23 million to lose coverage is something to celebrate?  The result will be people getting sicker and then they will DIE.
So replacing with something that harms people and helps the rich.  That's what the GOP call progress and celebrate.
Your state turned down the expansion, have actively fought any improvements to the bill and sabotaged it but you're "concerned". Sure.
There are plenty of us in the state of OK vehemently against the GOP gutting of ACA and budget here. People are just slow to wake.
I don't disagree w/ you guys but 1) not taking the expansion isn't the reason for 1 provider, & 2) try not to mix state v federal policy
I didn't mix state v federal policy as much of ACA hinges on states using the tools created by federal legislation. States failed at this.
Good point. Therein lies the crux of the matter: Should federal policy fully drive healthcare and a free market economy of providers?
I'm not okay with States' option to allow higher premiums for pre-existing cond. R you? I'm not OK with children w/out healthcare. R you?
premiums shouldnt be way higher, but yes, if u have a pre-exist cond that is very expensive, I think it's fair 4 ur premium to be higher
GOP instead of working with Dems, insurance companies &states, did everything it could for this to happen so they could push the LOSER AHCA
Make sure everyone has access to affordable #singlepayer healthcare. Its our duty as a #Christian to pay whatever the cost to heal the sick.
In the free market system, private companies are free to close their businesses.  Not ACA fault if a private company closes their doors.
@senrobportman I haven't seen one of these talking head commercials for AHCA from you. THANK YOU FOR THAT! #AHCA=TrumpDontCare

@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it
Why can't people purchase ins across state lines?
I'm not ok with your sabatage of ACA
Most Americans aren't okay with this unAmerican Sabotaging of our HC system. @GOP doesn't care about Americans. #VoteThemOut
Did you guys take the expansion? No, you didn't - you screwed your own citizens for political expediency.

No one is buying your BS
Exactly @MikePenceTho -not taking the expansion is a state issue, not federal. And not taking the expansion is not the reason for 1 provider
No, I'm not okay with your Sabotage of the ACA. We will never know if it worked or not because OK never fully implemented it.
You f'ed it up and chose not to be part of it. No wonder it sucks there. The high ground you stood on was your constituents necks.
you guys are so full of #GOPBullshit
I'm not ok w/ the status quo that's why you should go... You chose to not expand Medicade thus state law makers cost their constituents $
Senators better deliver on repealing and replacing obamacare.  You only have now to get it done. Americans are suffering from your failure
Where is the courage of GOP, where is the rule of law,no convictions of 8 yrs of total lawbreaking in every area imaginable,yet get trump???
WTF are all of you numb nut fools Seems so Is it 4 yrs yet So america can get you people out of the WH
Conservatives live in the past. That the definition of conservative, no change, keep things the same.
And yet republicans have figured out a way to make it even more expensive. 20% rate increase is not okay.
Hey, Howdy Doody, calm down on the empty rhetoric.
FIX IT THEN DO your JOB !!
No, I'm not O. K. with status quo. I'm DISGUSTED by every elected @GOP. ALL of you put self above country by defending Trump's malfeasance.
That's because red states refused the Medicaid expansion which would provide more insurance providers
We need a special prosecutor to see if GOP promises of tax cuts & more profits to ins company CEOs is encouraging them to leave ins markets
Weren't you one if the ones that voted for obama care ?
The GOP spent the last 7 yrs impeding all of 44's efforts collecting a payck & literally doing nothing.
It would be sooo much better to have 23m more ppl uninsured.
@NancyPelosi what say you? This is because of you, explain yourself. Kids are going to die because of you
. Where is the new heath care bill ? Stop talking and get it done
Sounds like the state has done nothing to bring & invite competition, what are they going to change when we add another 100 pgs for to #ACA?
Please call #nancy polocy
It's as if u believe that if u repeat this bs enough we will start to believe u didn't actively sabotage the ACA. The midterms are coming!
We shouldn't. Expand Obamacare to offer a public option so people can get insured and case closed. The insurance companies are the oroblem.
If you are not ok with it...WHY DID YOU LET IT GET THIS BAD & DO NOTHING?? People cannot be dumb enough to believe this crap.
Bend over seniors, 800 % increase for pre existing conditions. Lower premiums = less coverage
Yes until you fix obamacare
so your plan is to make it so that sick and elderly people cannot afford insurance? 64 yr old, 24$K /yr will get 800% increase! #CBOSCORE
stand with our president
You did this.  We see you.
We blame @GovMaryFallin for creating the disaster in OK.Fix it.We don't want #Trumpcare It will be worse. Love America #fixit #notrumpcare
CBO report: higher premiums for elderly, $834 billion Medicaid cut in *all* states, 23M uninsured. *Not* what Reps told their constituents:
Remember when there were no Obamacare insurers and millions uninsured?  Stop undermining ACA,  just improve it.
Our govt had to know insurers were actively pulling out of Obamacare since last yr.

Between the Criminal , Traitor in the WH and now a budget to commit Genocide in this country. Ty GOP, you demonstrate your values devilish
Fuc## you white guy try adding to the current bill not create a new one you people are fuc## morans @BuzzFeedNews @CNNPolitics
Then fix the ACA. Don't just kick us off insurance & take everything away. Get over it & fix ACA.
No, you're okay with taking a life saving benefit from fellow Americans and extending corporate welfare to the 1%.
U are ok with the 16M that will automatically loose ins. and ok with ins. comp. offering skeleton policies that wont cover u when in need?
You are the status quo, the American people are sick of
You know it is bad when all the GOP sells, sells, sells
Have you worked with any insurance companies. You want it to fail. That is inhumane and cruel.
Because all of you screwed up! This is failure of the House & the Senate for pure partisan politics. You had 6 yrs majority to make changes
Thats why you were voted in to change it..No one knows how to NEGOTIATE a contract??
what did you all do to block more from coming in. Other states have plenty of choice.
You're at least 50% reponsible, since you DEFUNDED the #ACA #Obamacare premium-lowering mechanisms right after it passed. #ItsYourFault

Then you should tell Trump to stop purposefully sabotaging #ACA to 'explode' in order to fit your indecent murderous agenda #VoteThemOut
No we are not okay with the status quo which is why every GOP supporter of AHCA will be repealed/replaced 2018 or 2020! Mark my words.
Why aren't you? You've been working awfully hard to create the situation.
Get out of the health insurance buisness
no Sir
Maybe you're all talk and don't have the smarts to fix it.
Don't think Trump threatening not to pay bills to insurance co. Has something to do with that. Plus they want to gouge public so let it fail
Stop calling it Obamacare. It is the affordable care act. Congress has not held insurance accountable.
I'm not ok with the way you look.  It's disturbing.  I can't put my finger on why though..
Then fix it, fools - give back the funding that was promised to insurers
Then put pressure on the corrupt insurance industry - geez
@SenatorLankford does you insurance cover your botox injections? I swear your face doesn't move #creepywhiteguy
Uh, others pulled out of OK due to the @GOP's threats to repeal ACA. Insurers cannot run economics if they don't know the parameters. Duh
The # of OK insurers is directly correlated to the amount of foreseeable risk. @GOP's venomous talk of repeal got us where we are now. #Fact
Fix ACA Opie
Why don't you go after the insurance carriers? If they don't want to cover us then stop them from selling insurance anywhere.
You want to make even worse don't you?
Did you or your governor and state congress ever exerted any effort to implement ACA like New York or Ohio???
Rural area correct? Bet it was 1 or 2 before ACA too. Stop scaring your constituents with lies
No, but you don't have a better plan. Here's the solution: Cut out the corrupt middle man and adopt single-payer national healthcare.
What happened in OK and other states is a pure reflection of the Leaders who aren't doing enough to fix the issues. Americans aren't fooled.
Provide the American people the same insurance at the same cost you enjoy. You can do it. #stoplobbying
Don't blame others for your inability to try and fix the problem which is your job. Please don't hand the people BS either work together
Sounds like you're nearly at #SinglePayer ! Why not take that step? #healthcare
So you agree we should take expanded medicaid and fix this problem? Great!
No to #Kansanomics - slashing services to funnel money to the rich doesn't work in Kansas and it won't work in America
OK is ranked 50th in teen birth rate and assets. 49th is foster care. You have really done well for another red state
Add the public option to any county with 2 or fewer private insurance options. Problem solved
Yes. How many people were insured before the ACA? Exactly how many people in Oklahoma are on ACA insurance?
It's time to take responsibility for your own obstructive behavior. Fix ACA. Are you a murderer or will you put people before party?
Better than no obamacare insurers. Better than 50 insurers who won't cover women's healthcare.
Senator, when you tweet you should also read the responses to your tweet.  Oklahoman's want ACA fixed and not ended.  Do your job or resign.
BC we didn't accept Medicaid expansion, BC you haven't full funded ACA & BC of market instability YOU created. Stop lying! #NoAHCA #LIARS
I'm in NC. Mine went up from $68 to $185...that's 272%.  No. I'm not happy with that.
Gov. Fallin initially wanted the expansion.  Suddenly, she didn't.  Guess "someone" helped her change her mind.  More corruption in OK!!!!
No, I'm not.  We should have taken the Medicaid expansion and set up an exchange.  The ACA is working much better in states that did.
Have you asked the insurance companies why they don't provide coverage?  They'll likely say the don't want to insure sick or old people.
No, I'm not okay with the status quo, which is why you and @JimInhofe need to go!
You are to blame for this and you know it. We know that these problems in the marketplace are your fault @GOP
I'm not ok with you bending over and letting everyone take a turn. Grow a backbone, stop the "fees" and tax hikes. Need stronger republicans
You could have prevented that.
no to status quo, now you need to resign, then we won't have status quo
GOP & trump Russia cuts Medicaid,food stamps,student loans,fed workers retirement,health care.
Government should be about compromising to best suit ALL Americans. GOP has become the 'My way or the highway party'.
Why did you Republican shut down the cost sharing for insurance companies? That is why they left the market. You guys killed peoples choices
Wassup with your cheeks, you look like Raggedy Andy
Basically you are lying and we all know it
So adopting the new GOP health bill and the new trump budget will increase access?
Why don't you guys knock off the civil war with the DNC & do the job the American people hired to do!! OR prepare to be FIRED!! #ENOUGH
What I'm not OK with is DJT as a president.  I think I speak for many of us when I say I'd do without if it meant getting rid of him
.@SenatorLankford needs the Koch Companies brand labels emblazoned on his suit.
QUIT threatening to repeal & scaring off insurance companies! QUIT denying them subsidies, which is a violation of the law, & Work w/Them!!

Exactly.
Obamacare needs to be improved no question. Not replaced with something that is not fair to the sick, poor, or older Americans.
#GOP posts must be on auto repeat. Maybe a few years back u should of set up those exchanges. U created ur own problem so stop crying 
You and Mattress Mary left the poor in the cold with health care.  Have some more dessert.
Then do something, it is your baby now.  Didn't you write a bill or something.It's your job to fix it. Like Trump said, "EASY". Do your job.
Wonder how that happened? #ACAUndermined Look in the mirror @SenateGOP
Fallin sabotaged it by not accepting Medicaid expansion. For the love of God, do not take away affordable/accessible health care from us.
Could it be, might it just be, that when you eliminate free market principles and individual responsibility, this is what you get?@cspanwj
Should have accepted the fed expansion.
No, expand the policies available to you to the entire US
I'm not okay with AHCA in its current form either. Fix it. Don't just bring us anything that's not ACA and expect it to be golden.
Did yo ask WHY they are leaving, Perhaps GREED!
I'm not OK with the GOP continuing on the obstructionist course they started 7 years ago. Your plan is not want the people want.  Fix it!
70+million American non-Trump voters who are a united front against bullsh+t are going to crush the GOP into oblivion, Update those resumes
Trump promised--repeatedly--not to touch Trump voters Medicaid. The bill he backed savages Medicaid. $880 billion in cuts.
NO! We need #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
Big Shout out to TRUMP: thanks for exposing yourself and the GOP for what they really are, Enemies of the American People
..... I am not ok with Trumpcare.  Fix Obamacare.  BTW Lankford, you would make a great Democrat.  C'mon over.
You only need one if you do it right #SinglePayer Love how you think your own citizens can't see that you fought this every step of the way
Not your Status quo...GOP is the Party of Corruption and Lies, so take a hike at Election day.. #TheResistance
Senate Dems (and I) are NOT OK with Republican sabotage of ACA. Stop trying to make it fail; try to make it work as intended
