Marco Rubio is tweeting the most Republican part of the bible http://politi.co/2uEIBRZ  via @POLITICOMag 
Completely irrelevant.  Keep your religious  beliefs at church and out of capitol hill
Yeah we are prevailing right now with this lunatic demogauge. We aren't anti American dummy, we are anti oppression from your oligarch right
Your "leader"or lackthereof is creating more blue votes by the day. The gop house will crumble once this health bill is dead
Who divided the nation? All trump has done is pander his shrinking base. And publicly ridicules anything he doesn't approve. Oh the irony
Your religion also should be separated from my government. Keep your Christian beliefs in church, not on the hill.
I am very proud of you and how you have handled yourself through this mess. I pray for you to stay above it and work for sanity.
Oh you mean his little sessions spy novel stunt? Yeah real proud of that nonsense senator. Nice job normalizing the insanity.
Bible - the book the GOP has thrown in the trash as they move to give rich tax breaks and kill Americans.  You have no morals sir.
I'm not sure cutting taxes on the wealthy would impress Jesus. I also don't remember Jesus only healing those who could afford his services
#preach
Where is the part in the Bible that says it's ok to grab women by their p#ssies without permission? I'm sure I missed it
With a Godless President in office....you're preaching to the choir. He isn't hiding the fact NOW, that he is in cahoots w/Russia.
Rich people who see a brother or sister in need, yet close their hearts against them, cannot claim that they love God.
(1 John 3:17)
That is truth but the Bible does not say 4 the government 2 take it by force and give it to someone else.  It is individuals that must do so
I guess we are not a Christian nation after all, if we refuse to take care of the poorest among us for fear of offending the richest.
We do take care of the poor, that is a lie people r no longer buying. The libs need 2 come up w/another line. HC is not free!
But it is very profitable to Ins. Cos & Drug Cos.  We pay more than any country because HC is profit-centered not people centered.
Yes...i agree!
But your side calls Democrats godless. Care to address that?
Circular logic, using something to prove itself, is a fallacy. How's that (D) taking care of the least among us thing working for the Rs?
Yes, and our earth is a disc
Keep your religion out of my government. #SeparationOfChurchAndState
No, Christians has every right to be in government.  Your side does not have the final say.

As much as I may agree, you shouldn't be using your professional page for this.
Amen!
It definitely ain't Republican these days
there will be a lot of rep dems ind in heaven and sadly a lot will be in hell.
Cursed is anyone who leads the blind astray.. keep this in mind senator Lankford
Then stop using it as a political weapon.
The Bible was created out of men's minds probably inspired from "raki" and "khat". Jesus never wrote anything. Book of hearsay.
So did the Bible give you the Jesus of money and hate for the poor too? What happened to Jesus of love and forgiveness, is he just for GOP
it has no place in politics
You're right. It's not Republican or Democrat. . It's fiction. .. and "inspired by God?" I thought He wrote it?
Actually, it's pretty liberal. Jesus was a democrat.
Please keep your God out of politics.
It's very hard to be a Christian and be a democrat. #truth
That's true @RepShimkus but guys like u exploit it 2 project a false image. Which btw =Hell 4 u if you've really bought n 2 what ur sellin'
The Bible IS God my good Senator. He inspired over 40 authors to write it but the words themselves are the great I Am!!
If you read the article,  it is talking about the fact that Marco only tweets Bible verses that support Republican view of life
The Bible is not Republican/Democratic.... it's fake. It's 2017, Let's not act like science hasn't disproved this. cc: @ReaganBattalion
The Bible does not align itself with our thoughts and beliefs, we are called to conform to it. Both parties and politico should try it.
Powerful story about God's grace. https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=J2QElWvLMwQ …
Is it that hard for u guys to say Democratic?
Then why let Trump use historical language of a genocide against Christians when he hosted Turkish leader?
Or it's a ramshackle picked over and heavily edited collection Iron Age folk tales and societal rules, but 
It's inspired by the people who have written it. It is a book of stories. Like Aesop's Fables or The Brothers Grimm.
No state sponsored religion in government Read the bible all you want but don't lecture me. Become a pastor not a pol
Wow. You're really hitting back at @politico, Senator. Way to defend the Bible. Save some of that firepower for healthcare. Okay?
Well said
True true true and IT exalts truth
Separation of church and state, right?
Interesting that Rubio is quoting Proverbs instead of quoting Jesus. Jesus wouldn't approve of POTUS or many GOP positions.
It also should be separate from government
The Bible should govern your personal values and actions, not assist in judging those who may believe differently.
Nor is it American or literal & you support @realDonaldTrump who creates policy that directly contradicts its teachings. Matthew 23:28
Does anyone care about the Constitution anymore?
I am really tired of the fact that you Mr Lankford will not denounce this traitorous criminal president   #25thamendmentnow
yeah but it sure is ironic when politicians pick and choose verses that push their agenda while ignoring the rest. Sooo...
Here you go...
Intellectually I agree while I keep in mind the final history of Rome.

Fun with logic!
And it doesn't belong in the government in any way shape or form.
So, is my voter info the first data into Russian/Trump cyber computer & what are you going to do ????
Yes, but choosing prooftexts CAN be political. This pastor's politics are always based on Matthew 25:31-46.

Separation of church and state and all. Religion has no place in politics. Not everyone is a Christian in the US.
ohh the replies, i can't believe SO many feel that way- if only others could see the same light we see- GOOD word this am brother  
We really need you to focus on the USA. If you do not speak out on Trump and his unholy alliance with Russia, you are complicit.
I'm leaving Oklahoma ASAP mostly due to the extreme prejudice against Democrats.  I have had it with this backwards state!
Bye....I hear Chicago is great!
Anywhere but Oklahoma!!!!!
Yes, that's true.  Someone needs to tell the Republicans in Oklahoma that Democrats can be Christians, too.
Hey Lankford why don't you represent the people that elected you not a God that you cannot see?
Hey Lankford could you actually show me a picture of God? I can show you a picture of the declaration of independence and our bill of rights
Bible tells us that if u are rich, to share ur abundance with the poor and sick, all of us aren't rich,  but we can share
And per our constitution has no roll in our government as we are guaranteed separation of church and state!
Delusional!  Christians have every right to be in government and we will.  Your side does not have the final say!
No sides, just one constitution. And not once is the word god mentioned in it. Just separation of church and state.
Separation of church and state is  what Republicans do not believe in and continue to thump the Bible not what the founding fathers wanted
America is not a theocracy. Resign.
Remember that and go start impeachment
How would you know?
If you can't defend your country, move out of the way. 
https://twitter.com/perlmutations/status/884105171495784448 … #TheResistance
Congrats GOP! Ya always wanted smaller government. How about no government? That small enough for ya? If ya can't defend it, move over!
No, seriously! I respect people of faith. What does the bible say about treason? Honest question.
And the Bible has no business in Government.
The Bible does belong in Government and we r going to make sure It has a place.  Your side does not get the final say!

This picture is worth a thousand tweets. http://qklnk.co/Uof97q 
I agree.  We should strive to follow Jesus's example and educate our children, feed the poor, and take care of those less fortunate.
Yes, which is why the Bible has no business in politics.
https://twitter.com/perlmutations/status/883548026068795392 … #GOPStandsWithPutin
GOP: Your President disgraced the greatest nation on earth in front of the eyes of the world. How long before you find your spines?
Excuse me for interrupting your prayer party, but what does the bible say about #treason? #GOPStandsWithPutin ???
You're a dumas.
Still beating that Putin drum but that's okay voters really want 2 hear about it, doncha know?! I mean, they could win big in 2018 w/ Russia
@Franklin_Graham @jerryfalwelljr seem to think otherwise. Their support of the likes of Donald Trump defies the teachings of the Bible.
People still read that thing? Lol
Jesus would not vote to kill thousands by kicking 22 million + off of health insurance. practice what you preach Senator. #Obamacarerepeal

However many on the left seem to hate Christianity and Judaism
We don't hate them. They are just foolish to believe in imaginary things. And, as a result, dangerous to the rest of us.
You're right, Jesus was an unemployed middle eastern man of color teaching tolerance and peace.... @All100Senators
Not to mention healing the sick
You have a lot of colleagues who believe there greater than the Bible even greater than God
Even Scripture is political for @politico. Sad.

