We don't leave people to die on side of road. @SenThomTillis is proof.  Preamble says "for the general welfare" not greedy tax cuts.
It says "promote the general welfare AND secure the blessings of LIBERTY." How is having govt in control of more and more doing that?
Without healthcare we are not free to enjoy liberty. Without healthcare, costs continue to skyrocket for everyone.
With ObamaCare, my costs increased to where I can't afford it. Maybe that's the real plan, make everybody poor then we all go on medicaid.
State of Okla sabotaged OCare. It's working pretty well in states that embraced it. But, hey, Trump campaigned on Medicare for all. I'm in.
If it's working so well, then why are insurance companies pulling out of those states?
Because more shoring up is needed and because T & GOP are adding uncertainty to markets. But, like I said, I'm good w/ T's campaign promise.
Then how did premiums soar BEFORE Trump got elected? The truth is, govt should not be in the insurance business. They suck at it.
There is zero "must" to repeal. Vast majority of voters like OCare and want it fixed. Why work so hard to give US what we don't want?
Vast majority like Obamacare... no..only ones that due are those getting subsidized while the rest us pay for ur subsidies..and we.high prem
I receive no subsidies and I like it. I enjoy helping other people live.
@realdblack appears to be a #russianbot
It's disgusting to me that anyone who calls himself a Christian could even eat in the same room with a "man" like Trump.
You sound like the Pharisees from the NT who accused Jesus of eating with sinners!
Exactly the opposite. Trump is the Pharisee. Trump is the money changer whose tables Jesus would have overturned.
Jesus did that because they were conducting biz inside the Temple. Are you now saying that you favor church and state together?
Trump wouldn't give Jesus the time of day. Middle eastern, poor, liberal seeking to help the poor and the sick.
Oh my God. You are less intelligent than I gave you credit for. Fix O'Care and you will have plenty of yes votes.
My son relies on Soonercare. How will he (who has a pre existing condition) be affected by a straight repeal (w/ replacement in 2 yrs)?
Mr senator do you support a straight repeal with no replacement? If so, why?
No, no, no. Cut GOP grandstanding and  work with the only people who know how to pass a healthcare bill (Dems) to fix ACA
Repeal then replace is a DISASTER. Per the CBO, 18M lose insurance in the first year. Not acceptable. #SaveOurCare
Repeal repeal repeal! Replace later. I don't always agree with you, but I do on this. Get rid of #ACA. Oklahomans can't take much more.
Heard Brit Hume tonight say that if the Senate doesn't get this done it will be a colossal mistake for GOP, he's right! #Demplatform
How about the GOP support improving Obamacare & helping families instead of repealing & leaving families without Insurance? Do what's right.
The reason OK cost went up is the lack of funding and sabotage where all the insurance companies left the exchange.
Repealing w/o replacing immediately is dangerous for the healthcare mkt. Healthcare is NOT a bullet point on the agenda. It truly matters!
how stupid  that idea is,especially for ur government
Since you've had seven years and all you created was this disaster, why would we believe more time would lead to something that helped us?
Yeah right ,checks in the mail right?
We do not want mandated healthcare! We want free market choice. Stop !  Repeal and do not replace it.
Tell the ppl why our rates went up? Could it have something to do with Medicaid expansion or the lack thereof?
Why are you ignoring what your constituents want? Why chaos instead of what's right? I need my insurance. I vote and I won't vote for you.
we agree on something hooray repeal!!!
VOTE.HIM.OUT.
@SenatorLankford Why don't you reach across the aisle to Democrats and figure out a way to properly fund the health care system we have
Amen! Figure out how to make what we have better instead of destroying it and starting over.
When is your town hall? #whereisLankford
I'M FROM OKLAHOMA TEXOMA ' SENATOR MY HUSBAND AND I ARE PAYING PENALTY'S ! WE MAKE UNDER $30.000 AND NEED OUR MONEY BACK !
NEED FREE MARKET
Also, yes repeal as long as your insurance goes with it
Yes...but i am not sure that your team has the leadership to get this done #quitORlose on this at this time
Please research thoughtfully and carefully before changing healthcare.  Change without consideration for the effects could be devastating.
Wow that's disgraceful. Leave 23 mil w/out healthcare. Cruel.
Excuse me throwing 23M people off health insurance has to be done? Why? Do u have shares in casket making  co.? You need to thin the herd?
We beg you not to vote to repeal Obamacare!! Have some compassion for your constituents!! I beg you! Please!!
You are a hypochristian. You care nothing about Oklahomans.
repeal or find out what the people of this Country will do when they get real mad
Yes please Senator!!!! We are praying for you here in Oklahoma! 
The next thing the GOP needs to do is try to prove they want integrity in government. Pass a solid ethics bill that cleans this mess up.
It is irresponsible to cancel Health Care with no plan to replace it. 7 years GOP has been unable to plan fort his. We dont think you can.
Do not try and repeal in hopes that someday you may be able to come up with something. You will just add more uncertainty to market
Now that GOP has failed again to pass a new Health Care bill they need to move on.
Insurance rates went up, in part, because of Fallin not taking the medicaid expansion. Stop peddling bs.
You do know the GOP has become a Godless party because it has repeatedly foreskin the teachings of Christ. Evangelicals are working 4 Satan
Why don't you stop the lying Lankford. And fix whats wrong with Obamacare. Do what the GOP is attempting and you will lose your majorities.
Insurance rates went up in Oklahoma senator because of the GOP controlled state government....ie the insurance commissioner is a Republican!
Try protecting the country first. You had your swings at O Care. Now get every Russian stooge out of the White House. Shameful ignorance.
Judging by the comments, the clock ticking down to your election attempt is not going swimmingly. Keep pandering...
GOP senators choked big time on Healthcare. Incapable of governing. Will pay a big price in 2018.
do you have a hearing problem? Your constituents want to know why you can't hear us. We have a healthcare program that can help you if so.
Don't agree with repeal should work with democrats to fix obamacare and make it work for All-Americans
Republicans debating how much 'Gov't Controlled Healthcare' we should keep makes me vomit... Anything less than full repeal is unacceptable!
Absolutely get everyone into one (large!) room...handcuffed!
I'm at a loss. Why is Lankford hobnobbing with the president?
Repeal Obama Care and then work on replacement.
I'm one of your constituents , Senator. I'm very disappointed. Cannot believe it. But your seat is safe and you have great health insurance
Such BS f Trump. His way of wiggling out of responsibility. Dems were always willing to discuss, but NEVER consulted. NOR citizens. Bye GOP.
I sense you are concerned, but denying healthcare for many millions, driving them into bankruptcy not answer. We need National Healthcare!
Liers and cowards get these sick ass people our out of office. 1 thing for sure you all have shown your true colors bloody hands.
Very disappointed by this. There's no mandate from the people to repeal, only to strengthen.  Our health = America's health
Ins rates going up are the fault of the ins companies not the ACA!  Maybe we need to overhaul what they can charge
#ACA's effect on me: premiums for one person from $450 to $938 in four years. #repeal #freemarket
Fix it Dont break it. #ConstituentsNeedHealthcare I'm thankful it the McConnell/Trump/Ryan plan #failed I'm YOUR constituent act accordingly
Let it fail, now ya'll are messing with the economy because the GOP can't get it done.   So dissapointed in my party. #Trump #ImWithYou
Pithy.
OK so 13% of Oklahoma has no insurance and y'all didn't expand medicaid.  I live here btw.Not our fault your party intentional screwed OK.
It only *has* to be done because you and the traitor president promised it, without actually thinking it through, over the past 7 years.
Republicans have had 7 years to develop a replacement. You really need 2 more years?
Bad idea. Does not "have" to be done. Plan first, then move forward if good plan.
Your district is strongly opposed to Repeal and so is Jesus Christ.3 John 5:2-6. Your choice is Trump or Jesus. Who do you obey?
Jesus might forgive you if you vote to Repeal, but voters never do.
Get it done! I voted for you and the change!
Go ahead.....full repeal without replacement....I dare you!!!!
There you go again, selling Oklahomans out for nothing.  No re-election for you, sir!
What are we repealing that's going to lower premiums? Higher standards of care? Ya, that's a winner.
Or we could make huge deductibles a thing again in a nation where more than half of people couldn't afford a $400 unplanned expense.
I sensed (& hoped) you were lukewarm to the Senate bill. Apparently, you support passing any old thing just to say you did something. Sad!
We just HAVE to reduce the number of people with healthcare.  It's essential to the well being of millionaires lol
Pull you head out of the Bible you think is telling you what to do and look at the harm you will do to the Oklahomans!
Maybe if @SenatorLankford would just invite ALL to debate/discuss not just the @GOP you could get the right solution. @SenateDems are ready
You vote to defund it, then wonder why it fails?You heartless, soulless "Man" who has lost his moral compass. People will die. That's on you
Repeal would be political suicide, Democrats will not work with Republicans. I would bet Democrats win House in 2016 if Republicans repeal.
repeal and not replace is stupid. Just fix what is there and do it bipartisan. I don't understand all this crap of not working together
You will not just face OK in the bid to keep your job. You will face this entire country AND the weight of history. Seems like heavy lifting
Well..no kidding..kit kat....we don't need to be told....why don't u use ur persuasive speaking ability and convince ur compatriots!
CBO already scored "repeal only"
As you know: 32 MILLION people will be uninsured by 2026. How do you sleep?
So the dinner last night must have been amazing!  Hope you got some chocolate cake while you sold your constituents lives to the 
You will look like a dope if you pass any bill that destroys healthcare. People before party.
Change the rules.
you are pushing a party agenda instead of whats actually needed based on belief and not facts. we will remember that when election comes.
No. This is an attack on OK families that will radicalize a generation, sir.
It would really help if one of you would be honest, but evidently for all your bible reading, you are still lying.
If only someone understood how to bring #heathcare costs under control!  Maybe if we consulted with the Canadians, or the French......
Anything you do for this POTUS will be regarded as treason.
Work with Dems on Medicare For All + Private insurance for beyond basics. Works elsewhere. Why not here?
Do not punish all people because OK has an idiot for a Governor!  Repeal will cause deaths! Talk to people in industry!   People over party.
Repeal without replacement is something that has to be done? As one of your constituents I truly wish I could sit down and discuss that. /1
I'm diabetic. I've also this year seen neurologist for nerve damage & about to see orthopedist likely due to same fall I took years ago. /2
I'm lucky: I work for state educ & am unlikely to lose insurance if repeal w/o replace. But if I did, preexisting conds would be...bad. /3
And truthfully, we could branch off and talk about the state of education funding in Oklahoma. Maybe nothing is so certain. Back to ACA.../4
Daughter is beta thalessemia carrier. No impact on health, but doesn't matter, premiums could vary or even be denied w/o ACA or similar. /5
Wife _was_ denied health ins. pre-ACA because of "underweight" (seriously!) and scoliosis and despite doctor's letter. That's reality. /6
We're middle class professionals. We've refinanced house to pay for giant med bill because ins. STILL can dodge paying for needed work.../7
...but at least we _could_ do that. Many, many families here in OK that could not. One illness requiring hospital stay could finish them. /8
I agree that the Senate GOP needs to get together in 1 room and lock the doors and don't come out till a deal is done!
You haven't even taken care of the almost HUNDRED THOUSAND Oklahomans not receiving Medicaid, because of @GovMaryFallin expansion refusal, &
Now you're going to repeal what little healthcare the rest of the state has, THEN LEAVE US ALL HANGING FOR *TWO YEARS?!?!?!*

We. Will. Die.
Lets not forget how this jack ass got in office..and you and Inhofe backed him..100% smoke and mirros as usual..
How many smaller, regional hospitals will be forced to close? OK's healthcare delivery systems are subpar now.
Great job! Let's all just pay as we go with $, Medicare for elders, Medicaid for poor and disabled. Insurance gone, reign in big pharma
First Devos now this. You have a 7 point drop in approval rating already. No doubt now. You are party over country. Repeal & replace you!
WORSE! He is Party over Jesus Christ. Jesus has a strong record in favor of free healthcare.
Amen.
Nothing says "I'm a Christian" like giving up on fixing healthcare for your voters and then promising to destroy it all. #DoYourJob
#DeathByGOP
Correct, you need to get not only those who disagree but ALL GOP in a room & decide are we a single team & going to do this or not? @POTUS
Alright @SenatorLankford, repeal ACA if you must. But, you should commit to not accepting you're big government health plan... Integrity.
If the Congressional R(ussian) plan is going to be so much better than ACA, come labor under the chaos with us workers.
So your thoughts are to just repeal something and worry about how that is going to affect the lives of Oklahomans later. Not a good plan.
No. August. Recess.
Americans are furious.
#RepealAndReplace #TaxReform #Infrastructure
You have my phone number. Call me and we can talk about real solutions and ideas instead of just tearing down our democracy.
3. Overturn Citizens United.  Get the corporate and foreign money out of politics and give our government back to the people!
Other topics I left so you can figure out who I am:

2. Jared Kushner and Sessions should have security clearance removed immediately.
Do the right thing and you know that is to have a bipartisan conversation as you even stated that. Why just repeal first. That is unAmerican
Stop with your partisan view and increase coverage for all and lower costs. Repeal decreases coverage and increases cost.
People without healthcare go to emergency rooms which drives up the cost for those with insurance. Preventative care costs much less.
Pharmaceuticals are a real issue so you are right there. Cost of Medical equipment and other gear for hospitals drives up the cost.
Just left you a message. There is no reason to repeal. FIX what you don't like!!! It will be faster. Address the budget but not by removing.
Reject the Medicaid expansion, don't set up an exchange, providers leave, rates go up!  Blame Gov. Fallin and the legislators, not the ACA!
Absolutely REPEAL. period.  Ignore the Trolls who are obviously paid by opposition.  MUST REPEAL. period. @SenatorLankford you are RIGHT !!!
RT!NO constitutional right 2 healthcare coverage!
Sudden change of heart seems awfully fishy..here let me remind you of your hypocrisy...
Wow - pure evil and at what cost? Destroy people's lives to give a corrupt president a win? I am ashamed to see OK after your name.
We want healthcare for all..not GOP care
It would be nice if an honest man would expose the things being added that harm Americans.
You are so desperate to kill the most vulnerable by taking their care just because your party gave ACA the name Obamacare, aren't you? Sad.

We will ;not settle for a half assed bill that achieves nothing. No repeal fix what we have. But wait sounds like you got bought off. Really
When you refuse to pay subsidies to build a wall for an idiot and a transparent wall so nobody gets hit by a 60 lb bag of drugs this is nuts
In Oregon, a state that has embraced the ACA, rates when down this year.
CBO scored repeal without a replacement - it's a humanitarian disaster of incomprehensible scale. 32M lose insurance. Premiums go up 100%.
Insurance will skyrocket if you repeal the ACA.  No one will be able to afford an individual plan but the wealthy.
If you're going to tweet you should at least read your comments. There's a big disconnect.
32 million lose healthcare and premiums up 100%! #savetheACA #Romneycare or #Medicareforall
#ACA - Fix it don't nix it.  Amend it, don't end it.
No term limits? No problem. None of y'all are getting re-elected. We are tired of being lied to and raped by D.C.  @JimInhofe
This is not what Oklahomans want! You are not listening! Repeal alone will decimate our healthcare system. Listen to experts! #NoRepeal
Your thoughts are irrelevant. The replace plan grows govmnt, enhances the "nanny state" & doesn't lower prems or deductibles. @SenateGOP
How many times have you tried & failed to repeal & replace ObamaCare? Do you know the definition of insanity?
Why the 2 year wait to replace? Gotta wait until after midterms in '18 so you aren't held responsible at the polls? Shady, shady, shady!
ACA worked. I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me
Are you insane? Nurse here and repealing w/out replacing is ludicrous. You could tank the entire system. It would be very destabilizing.
Just repeal is a stunt to wait till After midterms 2 replaceGood luck to senators when they go back home to their constituents. Will be ugly
You should also take that aggressive approach to do something about stripping Jared of his security clearance. Don't  Bafraid 45doesn't bite
You, sir, are a sore disappointment. I do not trust you to have the interests of all Americans.
No! You know there are things that can be done to stabilize ACA! It's time to stop playing politics with people's lives. #healthcare

Disability rights advocates have gathered outside Sen. Lankford's office in Oklahoma City again. They were here two weeks ago. 

"We're not going to sit and let them kill us," an activist says. Staffers have blocked them from going past the front desk. 

"Somebody needs to listen to us." Activists are bitter that they're not able to take videos. Staffer says it's an office policy. 
PLEASE Hold Insurance company CEO's ACCOUNTABLE #FIXITDONTNIXIT
Yea, constituents be damned right?
The host Woody from toy story looks more upset about it than you
