Keep the filibuster but change the rules that promote delay, writes @SenatorLankford http://on.wsj.com/2vp5yvo 
@Sen. James Langford If your plan would work, how come you didn't do it before? But the Dems will obstruct period and the @GOP can't agree!
Filibuster also needs to be restored to the original rule. Make Senators stand and talk.
You may like this game theory paper I recently wrote.  Shows how  the tedious cloture process promotes moderation: http://stanford.edu/~cjfong/limited-obstruction.pdf …
BTW, want to piss everyone off, do the attached. Also, why no announcement of your town hall on twitter??
Congress quietly mulls taxing your 401(k) up front to pay for corporate tax cuts http://politi.co/2wBsxoy  
If I were you, I would start at the TOP with @realDonaldTrump and get rid of him
@WSJopinion You may not like this ideal after 2018 elections.
Yea, lets do anything to make sure the republicans always win elections or rigged debates on crappy legislation, right?
Thats bull n u know it!!!
Just compromise and get on with the people's business.
Totally unreasonable in almost every way. This is the same party who refused to even debate and then stole Obamas last Supreme Court pick.
They want to make it harder to discuss nominations but easier to introduce garbage bills for debate that will never pass the super majority?
Let's have a constitution training session for Congress and all the Trump supporters.
But Obama's Dems used the 51 rule to pass their destructive agenda. I thought they would want the old rules back when they lost edge!
You have no idea what you're talking about. They only did that to get cabinet confirmations. NOT for policy. It WOULD benefit dems though.

Sen. Lankford will have a town hall — err, "community conversation" — on Tuesday in Edmond. I expect that will not be dull. 
This one loves alliteration. Reminds me of youth group.
Or just learn to compromise. Senate worked for a long time. Maybe it's the current senators that are the problem, and not the system itself.
Yeah like the Dems compromised on Obamacare 
We need single payer health care.  Find Republicans & Democrats willing to work together.
Two words:  Merrick.  Garland.
#GOPObstructionists #WhiningBecauseTheyCantGetTheirWay #YouHaveTheMajorityFORNOW #DEMS2018 #VoteBlue
Support our President!
You mean work the way "you" want it to. Then back to the way it is now when you're the minority in he Senate. Stop crying and do your job.
Just an idea. It's called BIPARTISANSHIP. It's when you work together with those across the aisle to meet common goals. Aka: "compromise".
It'd probably be so much easier for u if u were to listen to ur constituents rather than follow ur fellow sheep friends to the slaughter.
It sucks when the Demos refuse to cooperate for America's good. 60 May be a waste of time..
Until you start working for policies that actually help PEOPLE and not just the donor class, dems will NEVER work with you!
The problem is, R's expect D's to work w them on policies that take our country backwards & then complain when they won't. It's frustrating.
We need to change the senators to make the Senate work again.  #GridlockReform
It seems to me the gridlock is on the side of the Republicans....you are on a road to destruction and you can't get out of the eay.

no, sir

you hold the majority. what else do you want?
http://shareblue.com/racist-trump-pardons-racist-criminal-joe-arpaio-biggest-gift-white-supremacists-yet/ … We have a racist pardoning another racist and your changing the rules?? Really complicit and complacent #NoKKK
Please explain why we need a 60 vote filibuster????
You’ll be happy to have it once Repubs no longer control the senate
Wrong!  Get rid of the filibuster!
Right humane bills
How might you do that. Which rules.
As long as you GOP'ers don't whine and cry when you are the minority... and you know it's going to happen soon than you like.
You must be replaced, Sen. Flake, erm, Lankford. The swamp is you, and your McConnellist RINO girly-men. SHAME!
Do you ever read these things ?? The problem is not the rules its the people or you're not concerned with what's right just winning.
Concerned with winning? Huh? WHEN do RINOs ever win? #NEVER!
Just like a kid losing a game and then changing the rules so they win.
No need to change the rules. Please help save our country from the lunatic that occupies our White House!
For Congress to work there needs to be more compromise and reaching across the aisle. Y'all work together.
You won't get anything passed! But I can tell you are becoming more #establishment by the day! Let the dems run the senate. #obstructionist
Dems running senate is even worse than RINOs like @SenatorLankford running it. #MAGA
tell donald that most Americans would like honor, integrity, and respectful behavior to be in vogue. Make America Classy Again.
Yes, it WOULD be great to have President Reagan back again, eh?
sir, your party does nothing for the working class. a lot of deceptive  smoke and mirrors, your policies always for the benefit of wealthy
Don't you mean the democrats?
If at first you don't succeed, change the rules...

@WSJopinion Build the wall, defund Planned Parenthood, repeal ObamaCare, budget, get it done.
A good idea. Now, pls read the constitution for some more good ideas. You took an oath, so help you, God.
The way to change the Senate is 1st to @ImpeachTrumpNOW Then, vote you and your fellow cowards OUT!
Makes sense. Please do it, quickly.:)
Compromise is what made this nation great, Senator, not pouty and stubborn "reps" who rewrite the rules to get their corporate lords way.
Whine, whine, whine. Who did ayatollah obama or Harry Reid compromise with? Nobody. Get used to your losses, they're gonna get worse!
You should get rid of our president before he destroys this country
obama isn't president anymore! Remember?
For one, take the absolute power away from @SenateMajLdr and eliminate all "party" positions.
How about something really radical?  Check your history as it used to work.
Why
Time to reshape congress. A is a , Dem or Rep. They vote on their personal or their party's  opinion of @POTUS not what the people want.
Yet 114 prior Congresses and 44 Presidents didn't need to change the rules.
Can you get it done or just write about it
Oh yes, keep the 60-vote rule, Dems might get in power, but fix it where we can get what we want by going around working together with Dems.
You need to go back to working for the Lord and get out of politics. Politics have become your God. Ruins your witness.
He's all over TV now. Like the other power-hungry RINOs.
Spines of jelly...I hope the government is “shut down”..it’s “shut down” every weekend & holiday, god forbid the federal govt stop for a sec
The reason it's not working is cause y'all try to have it your way 100%!  That's what is wrong!
@SenatorLankford when you have a majority and can't get what really needs to be done, what does that say about @GOP ? #stopmakingexcuses
Yes!!!
Yeah be like Venezuela!  Dictator party!  But then again your puppet master spoke!
How about the radical idea of working with your colleagues across the aisle? Having bills work their way through committee? Being adults?
Archaic and absurd notion.  Enemies of the American people(DC) should be defeated and driven out of office. Lankford and his ilk are useless
Yes!
You're right on the filibuster but the change will be in who we elect so that the Senate works again. Hint: it won't be republicans.
I don't care what u do just get stuff done for the American ppl!
Bot. @SenatorLankford you should start with a meaningful bi-partisan investigation into Russian interference w/our democracy.
The insane Donald Trump must be removed from the WH now!!
You need to address the Orange Clown that sits at 1600 and realize he is YOUR problem!!
This should be your focus every day. When you wake James, you should be thinking,"how do we rid ourselves of this killer clown?" Everyday!
There has to be another setting on that giant political machine other than:
1. Do harm
2. Do nothing
Noooo... You need to fix your morally bankrupt party, dump Trump, and take a stance on the world that considers the FUTURE: Where kids live.
Stop playing nice & get stuff done. YOU have the majority, sir. Build the friggin' wall & repeal O-Care. We're watching/waiting.
Both are worthless plans. You're willing to give up protections for preexisting conditions, & you want to waste $70B on an ineffective wall
Plus a conservative annual maintenance budget for the wall is at $150M per year. It's a worthless idea
