Senate just confirmed David Nye as a Judge 100-0, yet @SenSchumer stalled his vote for 3 days. It makes no sense to stall unanimous nominees
Mr. Nye was nominated back in May. Instead of slow-walking process, Senate normally confirms nominees w/unanimous support quickly.
Until this whole Russian hoo haw is done..nobody should be voted in..Our votes were manipulated, bought and sold to lift sanctions..
That stat is useless. # of noms made in total by this date by 44 vs 45? When were noms made? Also 45 noms seem to have trouble w/paperwork.
My exact question. If the majority of Obama's were made early on and the majority made late by Trump, then they aren't comparable. Need info
!!! https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
Thank you for that. Just went through the list. Vast majority not even nominated until May & June. Explain how this is the Democrats' fault?
You are purposefully misleading & attempting to widen the rift that's in the US. Shameful and disappointing. Not sure why I'm surprised.
Kinda one sided James!!!SMH.
B/c this president and his clan are in love w/ kremlin & his noms have no experience I'd have a tough time confirming his nomins too.
I hope the Democrats obstruct the hell out of the Russian stooge's nominees.
Defend our democracy!  Traitors in the WH and you are worried about getting their appointments approved. Shame on you. #notapatriot
Remember Judge Garland?
You statement is misleading. Period. Full Stop .
Come on. Let's be real, there is a difference. DT hasn't made the best choices. #RussianCollusion
Also, Dems had a super majority. Now your own party can't cast united votes for these picks. So a lot has changed between then and now.
At this time, how many positions had 44 presented potential candidates for vs. 45.
Found it - https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
Hmm, who has majority of the entire city of D.C.? Sounds like there's trust issues within your party. Much like with your voters. #adios
Obama's first term, before GOP won a majority and started their campaign of obstruction.
Yeah sure would be nice if Trump would make some nominations, huh?
Maybe Trump should stop nominating criminals? Maybe we shouldn't have a criminal as President either?
In order to confirm someone, @realDonaldTrump has to nominate someone.
Obama was also legally elected, so there's that
Obama wasn't a lawbreaking nitwit.  Get a real President.
To avoid ridicule, you should fact check before sending out tweets like this.. Trump hasn't nominated people for most positions yet.
and how many has tRump still not nominated? They can't be confirmed if not nominated. Talk to tRump.
Well, finally. Republicans have majority, right? Get the gloves off and accomplish some things. o'care repeal, tax rfrm, etc.
You know better than this. Stick to your more intelligent statements that don't leave you open commentary backed by legitimate info.
This WH is corrupt, incompetent, compromised and treasonous. Hence the lethargic pace.
Hmmmmm
Why do u keep comparing yourselves to Obama? Won the WH and both houses of Congress.  Seems to me getting agenda done should be easier.
Political parties, like the entire US, are becoming balkanized.  Both Dems and Reps are becoming paralyzed.  "Majority" label means little.
We should not be approving any nominations until after #ImpeachTrumpNow and also the VP and everyone else that has helped hide TREASON!!!!!
He actually has more than Obama and Bush both..you have control of Senate, House, and WH..and still a shit storm. More Russians needed?
Oh please you can not confirm what has not been nominated.?? No Sec of Navy,..442 have yet to be named..http://www.afsa.org/list-ambassadorial-appointments … more
Because he had nominated 3x as many. Oh, and he nominated ppl who were actually qualified & not Russian plants.
Maybe because Obama's picks were better qualified!
Yeah, McConnell should get on that.
You have the majority, get cookin.
And who controls the senate?
You have an opportunity to be a Republican on the right side of history and oppose Trump. I hate to see you squandering that.
So disheartening. The piece of shit ways of the Republucans seems to be endless and without conscience. Wow!
Your president, his nominees, your majority to confirm them. Though one would understand you'd hesitate to confirm some of them.
Deal with the elephant in the room.  You will find that "obstruction " will be greatly diminished.  Please.
Stop trying to mislead people. No comparison, trump/Bannon intentionally slowing nom process to deconstruct the gov.
So, you're saying the Republican led Senate is less competent than the Democratic led Senate?
Trump has not nominated anyone to more than 68% of positions. Please find your decency you used to possess and stop lying. 
Truth is, you don't have nominations from POTUS for most positions. You have a majority. Stop blaming dems for DJT's failures. #GOPLies
Truth is, your POTUS is a Russian puppet and a treasonous clown who should not be allowed to fill these positions. #GOPLies
It's difficult when there's a Russian traitor in the White House...here's an idea, CHOOSE COUNTRY & GET RID OF HIM!!
That's bc this administration is so dirty there's no time with all the keeping up everyone is trying to do. #Impeach
And whose fault is that??? Guess 45 can't submit his nominations because he's too busy running damage control on the #Russia investigation.
Why should they confirm the nominees of a man under federal investigation for colliding with enemies to deny democracy. Why?
This is what you are tweeting about today?  Rise above and focus on real issues
Could it be he can't nominate anyone bc no one wants to work in this administration or is this by design #acontrolfreak
1. Your party has the majority. 2. Merrick Garland. 3. Merrick Garland. 4. Merrick Garland. 5. Merrick Garland. 6. Betsy DeVos
So?
Get them in, stop this garbage we have work to do
Don't you control the Senate?
Indeed. Thank WH incompetence, not Senate delay. Of 564 govt positions that need a Senate vote, only 129 have been submitted by the WH. Sad
 maybe because Trump can't nominate qualified people???? Just saying.....
Obama was a real president, Trump is engaged in a coup ....remember this @GOP  you have no mandate
It appears that many of 500 noms requiring Sen approval have not been made by POTUS. And several that have, appropriate paperwork missing
Merrick Garland was nominated (trump hasn't nominated that many) & had all his paperwork in on time w/no issues.
Be a leader. This kind of sleazy lying that is so easily disproved is not becoming. I think that you are better than that.
Also your math is off ... 36% of trump's nominees were confirmed by June compared to 58% of Obama's by June.
There are 188 ambassadorial positions. Trump has made 11 nominations
With Callista Gingrich, Trump's pick to be ambassador to the Vatican, the administration has yet to submit all the required paperwork.
Without it, the Republican-led Foreign Relations Committee can't schedule a confirmation hearing.
Trump has said, for example, that he would nominate New York Jets owner Woody Johnson as ambassador to Britain but has yet to do so.
Trump has so far nominated 110 people for 559 positions as opposed to 252 for Obama.
Look in the mirror.
I expected more from you than to repeat this nonsense. You know that a majority of the blame lies with the admin.
Well by this time in health care reform under Obama, we had over 75 public hearings.
Gee, and here I thought it was YOUR Party who controls the Senate.
And how many had been appointed at that time?  Also, you do realize repubs control senate?
How many Obama judges got through?
Push for 8 hour rule. Go to the press with it.
This is probably because nobody wants to work for the Trump Administration....career suicide!  #LockThemUp
Sounds like you're ready to go all in legitimizing him. Will you be authoring bills to fund a full-scale RU-USA "Cyber Security Unit," too?

Ah yes, the GOP talking point of the day. Better than Jr's e-mails, nyet?
He had qualified people. Unlike Devos, et al. Quit crying. The GOP is a bunch of whiney clowns. You have all 3 houses, still bitching
Trumps nominations have all been rich people who don't care about the people they are supposed to support
Your comparison is ludicrous. Stop trying to compare Trump to  Obama and do what we are paying you for Vote no on the Trump care bill for OK
He's shown no interest in filling the positions, all his nominees have been pay for play. What do you expect?
Thought you were looking out for the people of USA.  Get off the fence and put country before party.  Period.  BTW-You're on MY ballot.
It would be helpful if Trump would skip the golf course and name some people to fill the positions.
Dems need to stop obstructing, you lost get over it!
Please understand the Democrats are not going to work with Republicans move on without them.
Obama wasn't a crooked dishonest illegally elected president
Show the numbers that tell the whole story. Be transparent. 
How many had 44 nominated vs 45? Do you even know?
Remind me what sort of criminal investigations Obama was under at the time?
Maybe getting some candidates actually qualified for the jobs would help expedite?
Yes confirming intelligent ppl is not hard...
Don't you think we should wait on confirming any until you figure out that Russian collusion problem to make sure those noms are legitimate?
Possible because the oval office is being occupied by a communist.  Are you a communist too Senator?
Tell your boss to stop golfing then
Can you tell us why?
Right, so, back then Russia wasn't in charge of our government. It's funny, but that fact has some of us nervous.
Exactly!  And we are sick & tired of Dems stupid resist & obstruct!
Having seen the list Lankford I would say keep up the good work to the Democrats. Trumps choices are bad choices.
this comparison is misleading. Obama had presented more nominees than Trump did before even January. Giving the Senate time
No nominations should be put forth until the Trump-Russia investigation is concluded.  Your master is a traitor and a crook.  He's toast.
Perhaps the rules change in the Senate will fix this?
Senator,you and the rest of the senate are allegedly in control so why aren't you making these confirmations happen?
Wow, looks like you've been reading @GOP feed. Too bad this has more to do with the fact you are deflecting from the real issue Trump/Russia
Complaining about confirmations of people who haven't finished financial and ethics paperwork will not save you from the health care votw
it's nit a race, and should be more about quality of appointees, not quantity.
Trump needs to be removed from office.  He definitely shouldn't be allowed to appoint a FBI director.
The previous senate refused to even consider a Supreme Court nomination. Maybe you forgot about that.
Get mad about it.  Stay in session until the Senate catches up
Yeah but didn't O actually vet his nominations first? I suspect that helps a lot
Please stop your partisan bs. From June 2017: The 45 admin hadn't submitted names for 442 of 559 positions. #CountryOverParty
You should check your math:
Time for @SenateMajLdr to take drastic actions to stop the logjam Not good for the country
@SenateMajLdr resigning would be great for the country.
You can't confirm nominations if Trump hasn't put any "qualified" candidates up.
Obama had numerous quality appointees. Not shills, bigots and religious zealots that are now being appointed by 45. Sit down. #TrumpRussia
The people has a serious problem with the performance of congress. Nothing gets done. If this was Corporate world, you would see mass layoff
How about the supreme fucking court nomination?  Or Putin's nomination?
Sounds like two problems. You can't lead, and you can't come up with viable nominations. Do your jobs.
Please sir stop with talking points. GOP starting to sound like Stepford Congress. Better candidates. = faster confirm.
Whatever they can do to hinder this potus from #maga they will do but even w his hands tied he will succeed
I find it very disturbing that this is what you choose to tweet about today.I don't want this corrupt presidents nominations confirmed.
Interestingly judgmental statement from the party who spent 8 years doing nothing but obstruct. What did you expect?
Many of the nominees have not had their background checks finished and/or have financial conflicts. This slows down the process.
I guess the dems know how to get things done better when being obstructed! See the last eights years! #gopfail
All those ethics waivers probably take some time to rubber stamp.
Demorats are still throwing a baby fit! Completely worthless costing us a fortune while they yet again do nothing but cry Russia. Sore loser
Push harder! Can't you bypass the Democrats???
Trump/Russia should be your concern, not how far up Trump's ass you can get.
SENATE LED BY REPUBLICANS!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Oopsie. Lets also talk about the hundreds of other positions no one has been named to lead? Or not.
GOP need to stand behind President and pass his agenda.  No vacations.
They need to do work, but 25% of Americans care about that trash agenda. Meanwhile, 55% (& growing) of Americans want him removed
OK, but what was the percentage of those NOMINATED?
GOP have both houses, a traitor in the WH & Supreme Court in their favor! Stop Whining!
I guess the Republicans need to "do their job"!
How many completed their required complete paperwork in a timely fashion?  Gotta have the financial and security info first...
You would think the GOP would put more qualified nominations
You have bigger fish to fry, Senator.  Please don't use the President's favorite tactic of deflection.
And not one human being would be ignorant enough to accept a position in this administration.
um.. have you not met the traitor in the WH that nominated them? Or Kushner? or Jr?
Could this be the only topic, unifying the Senate? To us, regular folks, who donated to and voted for R Congress, things don't add up
"Abusing procedural rules." Like say...enacting the nuclear option?
Have you seen the email @DonaldJTrumpJr posted? When is enough enough? When will you obey your oath? When will you respond to your /1
constituents? When will you care more about our Republic than party or re-election?
Just stop, he's the President. All the whining & bitching in the world isn't going to change it.
Russia is the story. Focus Senator.
Nope 
Blame Bannon.
Listen buddy.Trump/ Russia.  No more nominations until the investigations are complete. Are you that  Un American ? Shame on you!
He's a Republican, OF COURSE he's unamerican.
Who's in American, all we see on the news is obstruction constantly it's getting rediculous. We didn't like Obama but we gave him a chance
Hahahahaha!
Did you lick out your constituents?
Why confirm nominations that are simply going to be ruled illegitimate under the precedence set by Canning v NLRB? #TrumpTreason
You know you do have the majority right?
Senator at this time in the Obama administration the POTUS hadn't sold the country to Russia either.
 Keep blaming the Russians. Just stunning the left continues down this course. 2018 just might be a cakewalk after all.
The GOP would rather suffocate slowly...
That's me! 
