Unfortunately, the real losers are families trying to make sense of the chaos of their finances & their gov't https://www.facebook.com/SenatorLankford/posts/1536465769749073 …
The winners, sir, are the American people. You voted to rip away their healthcare. Shame on you. And bless those who chose people over Party
Sally Ray, why do you want to hold me at gun point to extract money to pay for what ails you?
I pay for myself dear. How can you claim to be a Christian & not want to help "the least of these?" #WWJD #GreaterGood #SelflessNotSelfish
Bravo, glad to see at least one leftist paying their own way. As for the other part, I don't mis quote scripture.  Or use it to bully people
Matthew 25:40 Look it up. How is that bullying? Who's the bully here? Seems someone needs to look in a mirror & check oneself. Blessings.
Context Dear, I'm familiar with the verse. How am I bullying?  I don't expect the government to provide Christian charity, not their job!
Accusing me of using scripture to bully is bullying as is stepping into a conversation to which you were not invited to...yep...bully.
What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @SenatorLankford is a lockstep #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
we all lost . this stupid party bickering has to stop!!!
Your team lost, so ur feeling sour grapes frustration.
The American people "won" by not having a horrible bill passed by those who vote for it without knowing how bad it was! Unconscionable!
You are frustrating.
It's a good thing you talk in circles. I'm not sure if your donors understand that crap you are spewing.
I agree with this stance, what happened to caring more about the American people through a team effort than the win/loss?
Then work on a bi-partisan effort in amending ACA.  Consider that it may be time for single payer.
You will be the loser next election sir
Angry that the Rep Party can't work together! John McCain needs to go!!!!
No more frustrating than you voting to repeal ACA which puts 16 mil out of coverage!
This is a direct result of people like you making everything a partisan issue. Read your own tweet line sometime.
P.S. As long as Trump is in, we ALL lose. I pray for the day he's out. You know he's guilty & so do we. We'll watch how u act on this.
Yet you vote with the GOP every single time. Quit voting to defund the ACA. You want ACA to fail. Quit whining and work FOR us not against.
It shouldn't be a win/lose issue. Fix the ACA and we all win.
Uh, especially since your party is viewed as the "loser" this time huh? BUT @GOP House talked about "winning" when they passed the bill.
Start working together. This one sided effort has been silliness
Shame you couldn't work w BCBS OK who pulled out from Integris.  Now, what will we do?
especially knowing the health care issue doesn't even effect them
We all lost!   I have no confidence in the ability of the GOP to govern effectively. Just like Ethelred the Unready (look it up)
America lost. This whole fiasco is ridiculous. There is no way 100 intelegent people can be this disfunctional.
Talk with your #GOP boss, @realDonaldTrump about your concerns. His constant rhetoric about "winning" and "losers" prompts the pundits.
And I am not a liberal or a democrat, but I do know good from bad. I did a podcast episode on this matter.
Unfortunately, party is to blame. Congressional Republicans lied to all of us for 7 years about a better plan. It was Anti-Obama rhetoric.
Go away.
This is truly an insipid take on all this. Darkness lost, light won.
Did you see trumps police speech advocating police brutality? The American people aren't stupid try again. Do Better
How is it you're worried about the media when currently in the WH there is an ongoing effort to destroy democracy?Stop enabling start acting
Instead of working to stabilize the ACA, your party voted to take healthcare from millions. You are losers now and will def be 2018! Shame!
They just proved they don't care about democracy or Americans.  They will make sure we don't have free and fair elections next time
You're vote wasn't only about healthcare, it was also about destroying the greatest deliberative body the world has ever seen.
We all lost, because you don't give a damn about our Democratic norms or our people, and then you spew lies.  
You are a tyrant.
You have betrayed the republic.
No, the frustrating thing is that you are putting yourself above all of these people who keep asking you to vote no.  That is frustrating.
The only losers are the American people, politicians need to curb their pride and work together.
I heard that #healthcare reform would be so easy.  Probably it will happen on day one!  That was the good old days. #Trumpcare
No what is frustrating is the fact you & Inhofe REFUSE to do what Oklahomans want you to do
It's frustrating that one side says they are doing the country a favor by taking healthcare from 22 million people.
The lack of productivity from those we elected based on campaign promises is extremely frustrating. The American people have lost.
You are frustrating by virtue of being part of the 94% of Repub. Senators trying to enforce something only 18% of the public supports.
The people are always the losers when politician are thinking of their next election and not their plight.
Those on welfare and Medicaid are the only ones that make out with an ACA death sentence .
what's frustrating is you choosing party over country. I had a glimmer of hope that you had integrity. You do not.
Senator, you should consider heeding the words of your constituents.  You, and 48'of your friends, tried to violate the will of the people.
However you spin this, the GOP tried to shove unwanted bills down our throats. And they lost, thanks to 51 patriots
The public that needs healthcare won, and you lost.
It is somewhat of a victory for The Resistance, b/c we fought long and hard on a grassroots level for this. But mostly, we are relieved.
It's frustrating the GOP wanting to repeal and replace for 8 yrs and show up with nothing and expect the people to accept less gtfoh
Then they wanted to pretend to do a full repeal with the premise of having a 2 year delay to come up with a plan. U already had 8 yrs!! 
I'll just tell my boss I'll get my work done in 10 yrs. That will go over well
It is frustrating, but not nearly as frustrating as your vote. Country and constituents before politics.
Why doesn't the government fund healthcare
Admit that you are so out of touch that you didn't know your replace plan only had the support of 13% of  the people!!!!
Repeal the entire law. We don't need govt run healthcare
It is because the people won.  Bipartisan effort needed to fix ACA. People over party.
It's your guy who started using terms such as "winning" and "losers" and NOW you are going to complain?  Convenient.
Get "ER" done!!!!
Citizens lost, get it done ! Work , I know it's so hard with all the perks the congress has to actually do some work for the people,
The real frustrating part is how you want to continue to screw us
The people...American citizens lost. The insurance market place was destroyed by the parties. #FullRepeal
Really???? Had the bill passed you would be claiming victory.
Probably not as frustrated as the people of Oklahoma are with you.
Spoken like a sore loser.
Pundits are so frustrating. They just dont get it.
Fully agree. The focus should always be on what is best for the people of this country. From a constituent.
Frustrating because the American people lost. Obama care is going to crash and then what will people have. Nothing
The bill you voted for had an 18% approval rating with the public. You put party over country. You ignored your constituents. Never forget.
What is frustrating is your blind following of Trump's corruption and policies to disrupt American sovereignty. The Republic is in peril
Well try not to be frustrated , Senator, nobody won There needs to be a bipartisan approach to fixing the healthcare system for everyone.
Yes, well, if one party hadn't made it a party vote and voted for what's best for Americans, this wouldn't have been an issue.
You were there last night did you not see three of your colleagues put aside politics and do the right thing please tell me you learned
I was about to say, the real losers are the constituents...hmm, bad news for you guy's future
If it was the other way around pundits would be you in the news saying what a wonderful win you had. So today America celebrates the #ACA
Very frustrating! But can you explain why you voted as you did other than it was a "plan" intro'd by Repubs?  The plan's best features?
Because they lied to their constituents. Paraded their anti-Obamacare platform all the way to the polls but then left the voter hanging...
 Do your job or resign.
The American voters are frustrated
Apparently James didn't have a TV tuned to Fox News for the Obama Administration. #NoCableAtChurchCamp
Personally, I would be ashamed to be on record as voting for it. Kudos to the 3 Republicans who voted their conscience and for us.
So now you're hitting back at pundits?  You suck. Do your job. Fix the ACA.
What is important is that the citizens of the US who aren't wealthy would have lost had last night's bill passed.
The people are losers here. Instead of fixing the ACA you choose to destroy it and take coverage from millions. How full are your pockets?
Why do you as a supposed leader pay any attention to pundits.   That's like the football coach making game plans from sport center
Loserrrrrrr....holds L to forehead....loserrrrrrr
No, having to watch you vote against your constituents is frustrating.
I hope the GOP alienates the 3 who voted no on repeal.
So if the vote would have gone the other way the line WOULDN'T have been "Today the GOP scored a win for the American people!"? I'm dubious.
They would announce it in the Rose garden --with beer. Again. Work with the dems, senator. Only way to do it. Only FAIR way to do it.
Make no mistake, the @SenateGOP are lying liberals on the whole, and @SenateDems are flat out socialists.
No, YOU VOTING YES IS BULLSHIT !
Senator Lankford you've been in Washington for a while now right?
Republicans hold all the cards right now. They made it a partisan fight by backroom secrecy and excluding Dems and women. Do better.
Because you lost
If this rhetoric bothers you, maybe you should mention it to @POTUS, since that's the exact terminology he uses.
This was partisan the second .@senmajldr decided to have 13 GOP senators write this in a closed room.
Exactly!
But you & the rest of the swamp are still winning as you exempt yourselves from the Obamacare nightmare. Tyranny! By the Ruling Class!
Not as frustrating as you ignoring the will of your constituents!
You had 7 yrs to enhance the ACA. This is GOP fault. Try governing instead of sabotaging. GOP wouldn't work with Dems.
it's only because our national leader has done that since his campaign. You can only nlame @POTUS
Elaborate
Agreed. Put off tax cuts and fix healthcare. Rename it  whatever you want.
You put party over people. You are a traitor to the most vulnerable. I suppose you think you're a Christian while supporting murder!?
No. Your support to take away healthcare from America and Oklahoma's most vulnerable is frustrating. Vote Lankford out!
What's frustrating is your complete disregard for what your constituents want.
Allowing the govt to sabotage (unfunding) ACA for spite is dangerous and will kill people.  Work with what is there, improve  #ACASaveslives
Maybe now we can move forward with tax reoeal
You're vote was frustrating.
It's simple. America lost. Let them own Obamacare. Including the liar from Arizona.
What is frustrating is calling your office day after day and getting no answer on where you stood on any of the healthcare bills.
he always votes w his party. they don't say anything bcuz they don't want protesters
Which is so sad. He is a public servant not a servant of his party. It's time he should remember that.
No argument from me. Hoping all of his constituents remember this vote when he runs for reelection
You thank the three senators who betrayed their party and American
You only feel that way because you and your party "lost."
Sore loser.....
Remember the champagne after the GOP passed the House bill? They act like we just forget this stuff.
Frustrating...now perhaps you understand what you have been putting your constituents through. Design an actual healthcare bill.
American people won when 20MM didn't lose healthcare
My relatives will stay alive longer now thanks to the vote so your frustration is frustrating.
Hope they feel some relief. The most vulnerable were put under unnecessary stress when they should be focused on their well being
The American people lost!
Try working with the Democrats. Your party says they are the obstructionist. Does Merrick Garland ring a bell?
Dems aren't obstructing anything if your bill is so bad you can't get a simple majority in your own party!
I'm conservative and I agree with that. 7 years of lies about a better plan. All hot air.
Your votes were frustrating to millions of Americans!  FIX the #ACA instead of undermining it!  Be a problem-solver instead of a lackey!
I'm a conservative who agrees with you, on the record.
What is frustrating is that you aren't listening. There are problems w/ACA but a repeal, no matter what name you give it,is not the answer.
Why wasn't a guarantee on KEEPING factors like preexisting conditions set in stone?
What's frustrating is that there were 49 senators willing to put an already fragile healthcare program in chaos.
I am sorry you feel that way, but, your party refused to be collaborative. Scorekeepong is the result of that choice.
What's tough is that even if this wasn't the "final" bill, people wouldn't have a guarantee w/factors. Preexisting conditions being 1.
The people won, because we now are painfully aware that neither party is looking out for us, consider yourselves exposed.
Agreed. Need bipartisan support to improve the ACA.
I doubt that you'll see one of the jack-booted Dems ever go out of lock-step, so...there's that.
The people won. That's all that matters. What's frustrating is Sen who don't care what their constituents want.
Maybe if your party wasn't trying to score a political win with a crappy bill this narrative wouldn't be out there.
I'm producing these shirts for Congress. Thoughts?
Well I think we can all agree on one thing... the ppl won that round.
Think how we feel when you talk about access to healthcare and savings accounts instead of, y'know, healthcare.
States' rights freedom of choice yadayada please just let us help rich people get richer we'll pretend to represent u when reelection nearer
