BREAKING: White House says Trump intends to sign bill that imposes new sanctions on Russia and bars him from easing the penalties.
He hasn't signed it yet.
I have still seen no physical evidence of how Russia interfered in the election. This kind of crap is why more & more Americans distrust
Oh, well, that solves it then! You haven't seen evidence, so Mueller should pack up & go home! We watched 7 wasted investigations from R's.
Keep screaming Russia, it only helps my side.  I mean the American voters spend every waking minute worried about Vlad! Russia..BOO!
You're down with treason, we get it. You & all of the other alt-right idiots. Stay in your tiny bubble, we don't care. We don't need you.
"She won't pay 4 free stuff 4 deadbeats, she demands accountability, she wants 2 spend her own $$ 2 help people"...so therefore she is EVIL!
NO ONE wants to pay for deadbeats! There should be accountability! We pay for you lazy red states EVERY DAMN DAY. Can we stop that welfare?!
I am ready 2 split the Union.  Let's do it!  A peaceful split. I guarantee u, the North wld never go for it.  Why? They want 2 control lives
Blue states support other blue states & counties, you red states all can wring money out of Texas. 100% agreed.
Has he signed it yet Senator?  Is Exxon drilling in the Artic right now? 
I need Independant investigation.  No trust left.
Please think before to repeat the words from Trump/Clinton please. I hope you are for OBAMA Care the only good insurance for American people
Support you. Not him. He will sabotage it one way or the other
the veto would just be over ridden and it would another loss for Donnie Two Scoops.
Sir, you will never be 1/10 the man that Senator John McCain is.  Us Oklahomans are so over guys like you that let us down 24/7.
2 or 3days later, no signature, no comments about Russia kicking out largest number ever. Why can't you folks read writing on wall? #traitor
He doesn't have any choice. Congress would just override any veto.

Ok..it is now August 1, has your president signed this bill? NO..and why not? He don't want to piss off Putie!!
You sound like a Democrat any more. What about you and these Visas to bring in more foreigners to  take our jobs.
Ogf course you all want war that makes you richer. Democrats are the  ones that   cheated in the election Not Russia  dead bodies found
What's taking so long? Every minute you delay, our democracy becomes weaker, Russia stronger.
Bad news is... POTUS isn't really in line with the sanctions... he'll sign because they're veto proof... but, not what he wants...
WHEN will he sign Russian sanctions bill?
We must DEMAND he sign it in public-Oval office...We do NOT  trust him.
Has he signed it?  Go take his Twitter machine away so he has time for presidenting.
We'll believe it when we see it. Like the WH ALWAYS tells the truth. He's waiting for recess and will let it die.
Read the state departments statement!!!
@AP Leave Russia alone, or go after Hillary and her foundation as aggressively! #Oklahoma #Gop #Congress
Yay! I'm so glad the President of the United States is choosing one single thing to not to be a treasonweasel about. Oh glorious day! 
trum,p really doesn't have a choice in the matter does he? if he didn't sign it congress would override it anyway.Trumps blocked in a corner
You're awesome.  Keep up the good work.  

They act like thugs.  They should be treated like thugs.
For once I agree with you.
he still hasnt signed it  yet....buwhahahah..almost pregnantt there Senator..
Wait! Isn't that FAKE media. It's only true if it comes from Fox
He really has no choice now, does he?
@AP Is anything being done about the Clinton/Russia collusion? I don't think Congress has the balls.
NATO. NO ACTION TALK ONLY. TALK IS CHEAP. MONEY TALKS BS WALKS...
WHAT DO U WANNA DO, TALK US TO DEATH? REV. IF YOUR GONNA KILL SOMEONE, JUST DO IT! DUN JUST TALK ABOUT IT. NEUTRAL. ALL TALK NO ACTION.
oh ya well ask Sen. Mc.Cain about his conections with the Svoboda Party a Neo Nazi group this hole Russia deal started with his Office
the downing of MH17 Kiev an then blames Russia this has Sen. John Mc.Cain name all over it
Russia  pass the salad  dressing
What about China and Iran, Syria? How long are you all going to harp on this Russia nothing? Bad actors you call them.Pass TRUMP's agenda.
speaking of bills I hope your constituents see these also
Why are u and other members of congress so against Russia but not China? Answer: Globalists
I will believe it when I see him sign..he hasn't so far..I hope you watched the  Senate judiciary com meeting on Russia..Jr was not adopting
Sorry James but the President is still a lying traitor and an opportunistic criminal. He needs to sign a resignation document.
Really, what choice does he have?
Clinton campaign ran with the fake dossier. Is that being investigated?
The fact that we weren't sure he would is sad.
How can you continue to follow in lockstep with the commie in the white house
You need to get the infant out of the WH.
This is a very good thing. I give kudos when they are due. Good job. Still not happy about your HC vote.
I am beginning to think the Senators and Congressman are afraid of Democrats.  Want another special investigator for Hillary after Mueller
@POTUS so we are taking Comey's & Clappers word that Russia hacked? Taking the word of leakers and liars! Add Brennan to that list. #DNCleak
He should sign it and if anything comes up point to Congress and tell them to address it.  They won't do anything but whine as have been
Go some balls and talk some sense.  Enough of this politico trash, Say what you mean!   You are an Oklahoman
If you have conclusive evidence it should be shown to public! This evolved as a diversion to cover leaks then using it to undermine admin!
We are asking all SENATE INCUMBANTS TO RESIGN. We won't be voting for incumbants. WE NEED TO DRAIN THE SWAMP! YOU ARE FAILING THE PEOPLE!
What proof do you have that they hacked the DNC, DCCC, or Podesta? When will your committee actually investigate Crowdstrike's credibility?
I will believe when I see it
Good news if he actually does it. With Trump, I'll believe it when I see it.
We need decisive actions regarding Trump! When will that happen??
Let's see if #PutinsUsefulIdiot @realDonaldTrump @potus actually signs it.  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Agree, but the real question will be, if you put party over country when the walls crumble around Putin's leverage over Comrade Trump.
Everything u do should b followed with...How does this benefit the American worker? If it doesn't, don't do it! Does this Russia crap help?
Duh. Trump only touts Putin because is gets Grahams goad! Hes handled Russia masterfully!
I hope y'all did't give into #Putinspuppet demands.  Everything #Putin says, DT apes since 2009.  TEST that claim.
It's really says a lot that we as a country were worried he wouldn't and the Senate and House had to put in provisions that he couldn't
Show the signature the paper for the world yo see
@realDonaldTrump MrSenator Im aware you voted in favor.But someone has to stand up to the people thats been there for40Y same result big gov
Do you trust your president to deliver the clear words?
We interfered in Russian elections.

But it's ok for the senate to ignore the mandate people of the USA gave them. New leader now. Would be a great start. 1/2
Only because he was informed by his six lawyers (The taxpayers are paying for) that it might look good for his case that he did not collude
What about Crimea, what action has been taken on them?

Then will u shut up about it? R u going to look into the Debbie W. Schultz ordeal? Or just let her brother let her get away w/it?
