I agree. Letting Sen. McConnell bully Sen. Warren for reading Mrs. King's letter was very caustic.  #ShePersisted
Senator Warren was out of line to read a letter written in 1986
A candidate's personal history is relevant.
Shall we dig up personal history of the mudslingers?  When did bickering become leadership?
Sen . Warren is not up for a cabinet seat & it's not mud it's historical evidence #histortyrepeated
see you
Jeff Sessions doesn't have my best interest!
Sessions wrong choice.  Disappointed by your support. I stand with @SenWarren #ShePersists #Courage #Principles
I know, huh?  It's almost like YOUR PRESIDENT grabs em by the pussy and puts us in danger every day.  Tensions kinda high.
Agree and appreciate your demeanor. But to gain full respect admit to the historic obstruction on BOTH sides of the aisle.
There is a gulf in the middle intelligent citizens are longing for. Put country first if you want to lead.
reading a letter from a civil rights leader shouldn't be a controversy. Perhaps you should speak with Ted Cruz re: KKK?
what have you read that MLK wrote?
Letter From A Birmingham Jail as one example. You should check it out. You too Senator.
I am a born again Christian who thinks you are rude and wrong.
it was caustic the past 8 years.  Why now must things be civil?
Yet you keep tweeting about obstructing. #WalkTheWalk #WWJD
you have a become a disgusting hypocrite. Time for you to go. You defend unqualified racists but don't defend others.
when is Senator Lankford back in Oklahoma?  Time for a meeting of minds
to silence Warren was a mistake and it cost you respect of women, minorities and when election comes it will cost your seat
Sir, you voted against the majority of your voters in Devos.....you are part of the swamp that needs draining.
Betsy DeVos is not the problem.  The problem is the Department of Education.
civility is essential
works both ways
GOP have Obstructed for the last 8 Years! Seat Garland! Quit Lying to the OK voters! Koch Bro. Owned!
Are you owned by George Soros?  Don't be rude.
you need to earn your respect
He has earned my respect.  Perhaps you can too.
God, how hypocritical.
great interview on CNN this evening & addressing the need for a return to civility.
You are part of the problem because you voted to silence someone speaking truth. #ShePersisted
horse feathers
let's talk about respect shall we? Start by listening to your constituents that BEGGED you to vote NO 2 DeVos.
don't care about DeVos.  Get rid of her department.
Lead by example. You must give respect to receive respect.
it is apparent you have not met him
yes. Like the way you "respected" the thousands of phone calls you received from constituents not to confirm DeVos. Sad.
Whine much? If you can't handle the job, resign today.
You seriously just defended Sessions? Reminder: you serve all the people, not just angry white men. Defend your vote for JS
Not only in the Senate but all Americans in general. We have lost the ability to accept different point of view
there's probably a reason for that? Out of curiosity how much did @BetsyDeVos "contribute" for you turn your back on kids?
Caustic?  Civility?  conduct?  You are succinctly and so righteously and firmly voting against your constituency.  Recall!
then stop being so caustic! #lets_make_excuses_great_again
congratulations on voting in favor of a man highly endorsed by David Duke. You will be on the wrong side of history.
How can you whine about a caustic environment in the #Senate when you serve the king of caustic and not Oklahomans.
we will remember your voting record. Your voting record is appalling.
We should be able to depend on our senators to vote the wishes of their constituents.
Christian values? Taking care of our sick? Education? Our constitution? Please help unify, not divide.
Your party is now accountable for all his lies, destruction of our environment, and total disregard of decency.
Your constituents are paying attention to everything you do, aligning your valuels with trump/bannon? That is who you are
then set the example  #gop #hypocrite
traitors, fascists, nazis, republicans deserve no respect.
I'm just really curious where this fresh tone policing was for the last 8 years. Like, really 
disappointed your inability to distinguish responsibility to children/your yearning to be re-elected. Shame on you.
Look to yourselves for the reason why this is the case.
so that is why you voted to shutdown Sen. Warren? You lack self awarenes. #lookinmirror #GOPdontcare
Yes, how dare Senator Warren read a letter from Coretta Scott King. You are really pathetic.
How can the GOP have such selective memory? I just donated to the Democratic party
apparently you blow off your constituents. I challenge to defend Sessions "disabled children" and other statements
did you mention that to McConnell?
#LetLizSpeak #ShePersisted even when you tried to silence her.  Why is Sessions afraid of a 1986 letter if he has changed?
why don't you try listening to your constituents and voting the way we ask you to. DeVos and Session were both bad picks.
tell it mcconnell
those bossy women need to be kept in their place.  TONE!
Baseball has a great term for what you're doing: horseshit.
The Senate is getting so RACIST when they vote to appoint #JeffSessions AG. :
Why did you not speak up for Sen Warren? Trump got your tongue?
my question Senator Lankford is this,seeing the direction this country is headed downward will Mr Sessions standup to Trump
captain obvious - that's what happens when horrible people get nominated.
to what do you attribute this tone?
sorry James, you and your colleagues forfeited respect when you obstructed Obama for his entire time in office. No pass
.@SenatorLankford you have to show respect to your colleagues & constituents before you get respect. #ShePersisted
anyone who cares so little about American children as to vote for Devos must be removed from office ASAP.
The treatment of Senator Warren was disgusting!!! You guys just keep confirming unqualified, bigots totally against us.
then get rid of McConnell he is nothing but a trouble maker. Remember Republicans don't own this country!!!!
Actually I guess the Republicans are working hard to own this country just Putin/Trump wants. Thanks for selling us out
You just wrecked the public school system. But you know better than us what our children need, right?
We need the Feds out of our schools!
I don't have MSNBC. Why cut this clip short? Seemed like there were more questions.
As is the norm,  @SenatorLankford picks and chooses his sound bites
and Senator Cruz's comments were beyond the pale.
attitude reflects leadership...this is a message as much for Sen. McConnell as anyone else, Senator Lankford.
Your President needs to take the lead and set that example.
"How do we turn the volume down?"

Apparently by enacting a seldom used rule and silencing the opposition.
Yes, we should be able to disagree respectfully. Like not abusing our power to silence our opponents. #ShePersisted
Coming from you?! Voted straight party line for Devos, when Oklahomans begged for you not to? #NoRespect
Casey you are exactly correct, during campaigning he stated a lot of things WOW now the truth comes out.
. Ted Cruz was not very respectful in his comments earlier today. Its coming from both sides.
Why? You didn't respect President Obama! #ShePersisted  #angryOklahoman
Respect like allowing other senators to speak without silencing them?
As one of "your constituents" I have zero respect for you as a legislator and as a human being.
He's a human being? Are you sure? I'm voting no.
#ShePersisted
WOW it must be a FANTASTIC experience to forget 8yr of obstruction and ask everyone to play nice.
