Who are you talking to?  Shouldn't you be explaining to #Trump that DACA helps Oklahoma's economy?
#DACA is about children. If America doesn't protect children, what does it stand for?
They are not children.  Employers don't hire children.
2 Timothy 3:1-9.


What the heck  is going on here.  Do you guys need money so bad you csn rob people  for  no reason at all.  Trump will  be hearing from me
@POTUS I have a question4you How is it possible that all of u guys&girls get 2take so many vacations ?whentheworkingclassrpaying ursalaries!
GOP seems evil to even consider ending DACA sending children/young adults to countires many have never been to.  What happened to my GOP?
As long as we can spend tons of cash and isolate our allies. Thanks for confirming anyone who cut their little budgets to make bombs.
Wanna help? Lock DT in a room at the WH and take away his phone. Otherwise I don't see this as going well
Hey Russian bot, when Mueller gets done with this administration, you'll have to find some other country to interfere with.
Cruiseit on out of here MSNBC CNN the has a program u r missing#BrainWashed #bendovergraburpullurheadout
Good! Now pass 1. TAX REFORM. 2. HEALTH CARE. 3. DACA (Require citizenship and speaking English).
Thanks for your consideration.
@POTUS take North Korea out, before they bomb us. What's the hold up Do u guys really want a war on our shores?if u do, take it 2 the house
Your tweet makes no sense.  Fence-riding again?
for all of you blurting facts..and have no clue where N.K. is
https://www.standard.co.uk/news/world/china-warns-it-will-side-with-north-korea-if-donald-trump-wages-fire-and-fury-a3609161.html … well there goes 45's 100 chinese trademarks and cheap crap from China..sad..and ur still standing with him..sad
The only road to peace is to take Twittler in Chief's phone away..he started this garbage..when are you taking him out of office..
You have a tough  choice.  The path to war is always easier when your not  the one fighting.
Sen during campaign I called your office&told me that u were notbacking any1 nthe race. Not even Cruz the 1 okvoters overwhelmingly voted 4
Trump is alienating our allies daily. He's a disaster. Policy is not made on twitter. Even Putin is laughing. Get Trump out. .@GOP
So you prefer the kiss ass along with billions of tax payer dollars better?
I would like to see @SenateGOP grow a set of balls and start defending conservative policies instead of Obama's policies! #VoteThemOut
Amen!
Make sure you stay on the citizens side during the coming months. It's going to be a rough time.
Depends on who you consider citizens. #MAGA
#MAGA same as you I'm sure!
Do they even get twitter in DPRK with all the censorship and what not?
I look forward to voting against you since your a democrat in disguise
Trump proved he's a racist in last 3 weeks by
1. Stupid response to Charlottesville
2. Hate rally in Phoenix
3. Arpaio pardon
4. Ending DACA
You can't reason with the insane.
We want peace?  We have an odd way of showing don't you think?
Good luck with this tweet when you got a whacko in chief driving our bus!!
Ummm .. Aren't we here in this mess because of the dip shit in charge the previous 8 years?
Serious? You're trying foreign diplomacy on twitter. Meanwhile, Trump ends DACA on national day of prayer. Jesus weeps. You tweet nonsense.
Your boss is picking a fight with S Korea, btw, while trying his best to start a war no one will win.
If and when Trump gets kicked out of White House Who becomes President? Will his family and friends get to stay there
It is clear that all he is thinking about is himself and not anyone in his Country. Dumbass think he is gonna survive a war?
NOKO is using nuclear capability to attain certain goals. It wants to break down US ties with S Korea and Japan. It wants to end sanctions.
Seriously? They can't be more isolated, which is why sanctions don't really work. ROK wants direct talks. #Timeforsomethingdifferent
You're so pathetic. You repeat GOP bullshit ad nauseam and won't comment on DACA, Arpaio pardon, #TrumpRussia? Grow a spine and SPEAK TO US!
Peace requires two. That Crazy Fat Kid doesn't voluntarily subscribe to reality. Must be shown the way.
Please have an intervention on @realDonaldTrump and his PR strategy
Our preventive policies have failed because our assumptions about "peace" and strength fell to lies and inaction. Very sad. #DPRK
It makes total sense. To NorthKorea its policy of decades allowed it to join the ranks of nuclear powers without a single fight in 60 years
Ummm, Trumpty wants to screw South Korea, aren't they an ally? Do yo really think Trump wants peace? He's the nemaking threats.
Com'on. Hyundai is running SKorea with large plants in China andraw materials from NKorea? Do you think they would choose USA over Hyundai?
North Korea is not listening to you. A particular crowd you might key into are the very real pop of KKK and nazis in OK. Got words for them?
He would like to thank them all personally for electing his whitebread ass.
Nice, timely response. 
I think Kim Jong Un believes all the made up stuff about him being god like He doesnt want to talk to any1 and hes not going 2 listen 2 any1
Senator when we going to begin talking about taking care of citizens in spite of McConnell as your leader
Don't try Twitter diplomacy. Demand Trump shut up and fill the State Dept, then let the adults work to build consensus. You sound arrogant.
We'll be sure to send you over there to help fight the war your Potus keeps escalating by talking trash like a child
Will we really stand up for our allies? Trump appears to be alienating them at an astonishing pace.
Does "North Korea" follow you on Twitter? Are you addressing the whole country or just one guy? Is he active on here?
Really ? We need people, who will take action against this power hungry spoiled brat. Wake up D.C.soon as NK gets the ability 2do it he will
Those 100 nuke missiles in S. Korea are what we call DETERRENTS. Ever heard of that
There are no nukes in ROK.
Use to be before Clinton got his mitts on the deal
If you are going to tweet about them, you should at least tweet to them. If NK nukes anybody, they know it's a death warrant. Just shut up.
Im shocked honestly no1 close to him hasn't taken him out yet! Not that I know a lot about N Korea & how they think. If needed Light them up
Did ya know S. Korea had 100 nuke missiles. But good old Clinton negotiated those away and NK still got WMD.
Good Lord,  what are you doing?
:rolleyes:
Your tweet makes no sense. What are you even saying? Our President is antagonizing North Korea. You seem to be slapping them on the wrist?
My fear Un gonna launch H bomb, it will explode on the pad & wipe out S. Korea. Then I won't be able to get my new Samsung Note 8 phone.
I'm sure Kim Jong Un will see your tweet and magically come to his senses and drop the whole nuclear weapons idea. Brilliant strategy...
You need to team up w/ your Dem colleagues & develop a counter-POTUS tweet strategy designed to united & calm, not agitate & divide.
Peace by "Fire and Furry"
They want money, and will continue to get more lethal, take them out while you can limit damage
