Senator, no person in America should be without healthcare so while reviewing that bill over the weekend ensure you keep that in mind
Healthcare is a privilege not a right.
so make it affordable for all Americans don't leave anyone out
It won't be affordable as long as the government is running it. The government makes things more expensive, less efficient & easy for fraud.
Stop listening to dems. That's just one of their scare tactics.
Message paid for by Koch Industries. #AHCA
Better Koch then Nazi lover Soros!
TrumpTrolls really need new material.
You need help for your Koch addiction.
How can anyone with morals vote for the bill that gives the rich tax break at the expense of majority Shame on you
How does it give the rich a tax break?
If you don't know that much then go back to your cave
Oh please.  When u give a tax break, it goes to those who actually pay the taxes.  U call them 'rich'.  Some may be, not all r.  All work.
Vote no on the  ACHA bill @SenatorLankford !! It is BAD for a lot of people in your district! You can do better! Please! Your constituent
Please vote No. I am 61, self employed with indiv Ins being treated for breast cancer. If this passes I can no longer afford ins or care.
Subsidies r just euphemism 4 $ redistribution. Market forces drive costs down not gov't regs [protection, entitlement, insert euphemism]
What are your thoughts today after CBO confirmed it is crap??
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  Join with @tedcruz and @mikelee #UnitedForFreedom
Many of your constituents are going to die early if you vote yes on this bill.
I hope u Senators work this out - we have been waiting for 8 years, our patience has ran out!
Just say NO to this bill! Otherwise you prove that you are working for the insurance companies, Big Pharma and your rich donors!
My thoughts are that we voted republicans in office on the promise of full repeal. At some point replace was slipped in. Get govt. Out of hc
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
The CBO released how they arrive at numbers. Can we expect another interview? Give us one where you vote no!!!!
Very few children can stop working to care for elderly parents. OK will turn into a poverty state.
Very very few of elderly have long term care insurance. Children will have to quit jobs and become caretakers for parents.
Do u know how many elderly in nursing homes use Medicaid b/c the sale of their homes can't cover the entire cost?
Please vote no on the senate healthcare Bill
My parents loved me. They got me out of OK when I was kid
OK is at the bottom of the barrel for just about everything thanks to Republicans who are too stupid to ever get a clue.
Senator. Are you reading your posts? The USA is now officially a catastrophe. Many who who voted for Trump will be negatively affected
And they voted for you. The GOP will be toast soon as it should be
If you deny oklahomans healthcare I hope you keep in mind we will deny your job as a senator. Vote no.
35+ years paid for healthcare, now I am ill.  New plan will cost me 5 times more because I am over 60.  God bless you
Not a show-stopper? Senator you should ashamed of yourself and ashamed to back this  legislation.
Why review it?why not  just do what y'all said and repeal? We didn't vote you in  for Obama care plus. Have a backbone and do what you said
Why review it? Are you nuts? It only effects our health, our lives, and 1/6 of the economy. Or is revenge against Obama all that matters?
This is bad for life. HEALTH CARE must care for our health! At anytime we should be able to go to Dr. Not a priveledge when you depend on Dr
No.please, us disabled beg you. Can U believe we have to beg you, not to sign.No exxageration. Many will get sicker& die.I'm scared, please
@jaketapper is just the worst
Catastrophic coverage won't help with prenatal care. #babykiller
Defunding Planned Parenthood will leave millions of women without prenatal care.  Republicans are baby killers!
I'm afraid I won't be able to afford coverage. Is the new bill better for people who are 50?
This bill sucks and you know it!!!
Do you even listen to the people who voted you into office? Have some integrity and vote  for what YOUR people want!!!
@SenatorLankford  Go ahead, pass this Death bill and see what happens to your career.
Thanks for you insight
So if you obstruct the new Republican health program simply means you support the extremely wonderful Obamacare. Pulosi says thank you.
James, the right answer was no!  Just cause you will hurt Oklahomans in 8 years it doesn't make it better. You will hurt people James
LIES AND MORE LIES...YOU ALL NEED TO BE OUSTED FROM OFFICE.. DISGUSTING REPUBLICANS
Lankford should drop everything and start making audio books.. #killervoice
JL will always spew out GOP talking points when no other Senator will. He luvs the camera + has no problem w intellectual dishonesty.
According to @SenatorLankford AHCA doesn’t cut Medicaid—contradicting lower third as he says it—what am I missing? http://d.pr/i/PbVkTo 
I just spoke w/ @TheLeadCNN about my initial thoughts on the GOP draft #healthcarebill. Check it out → 
Lankford is lying.  It DOES cut Medicaid.
I'm soooo proud of you Sen Lankford!!! #RepresentingOK
Sir, many more of us need Medicaid than are getting it, thanks to @MaryFallin's refusal of Medicaid expansion. I'm too poor to receive help.
If you "restrict the growth" in any way BEFORE helping those who aren't being counted in Medicaid numbers, you are writing death sentences.
I'm healthy. I'm a gym rat. But I have narcolepsy. I can't afford medication, & am auto-denied policies on the basis of its extreme expense.
If you allow "catastrophic" policies, prescription coverage will be reserved for only the highest tier. It will become Pay-To-Live.
We need pre-existing conditions protections, we need a basic level of care requirement for policies, & we need to know you'll fight for us.
Grow a spine, full repeal
Tell us some more about Jesus..
Oh, indeed.
So much for Langford having integrity. Cruelty shown by the GOP is mind boggling.
My husband had catastrophic coverage pre-ACA bc it was all we could afford. Would have not helped him if his cancer returned.
A full repeal is the only answer. The preexisting clause is the problem. That's the cause of the heavy costs. Full repeal or get voted out.
If pushing the elderly, disabled, and poor children isn't a "showstopper" then you, sir, have no moral compass.  Shame on you. #VoteNoAHCA
To be clear....you are ok with bare bones, catastrophic insurance plans?
President Trump an the American people are very well aware adjustment will need to be  implemented as I understand that is provided for
What does POTUS have to do before the GOP shows some integrity & call shenanigans?
"There's no cut, there's a reduction in the growth" of medicaid. Ummmm what??? Or more importantly, what does that mean to families?!
HOW on God's green earth can you say it increases Medicaid when pregnancy becomes a reason to deny Medicaid coverage?
I've never trusted an Okie or his/hers views.
Hey now, not all Okies are republicans. Remember Woody Guthrie? Guthrie would NOT have improved.
*Approved
Guy is a liar.
