Then they overcharge the U.S. Citizens. No other country works this way. They all do it . The other thing is the visas .
https://youtu.be/yBKaPDOIKJM  we the  people are who pay your  salary. Are woth the bureaucrats  or us.
I will plaster this,all over facebook and everywhete. Sent it to Trump and Pence
Very disingenuous of you (trying to be polite) to mention Ok/health care in same instance w/o mentioning Ok has $983 mil just sitting in DC
While last year Ok taxpayers paid $200mil (?) to keep our hospitals open and provide care for our own,  and $130mil (?) the year before that
Yes please! Stick with the agenda we voted for in Nov. #RepealAndReplace #BuildThatWall #taxreform #SupportOurPOTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for joining us!
your guest thus is Trumps idea and my God he has only been there 6 months  and my God he's only been there 6 months everyone

They are using him for cover in return going to let him get rich enough that he won't have to eat Pooty's borscht
Knowing Russia interfered in our election to elect trump, and still supporting him means you're complicit in treason. You're a disgrace.
DJT jr. admitted to conspiring with Russians, DJT proves every day he is unfit. If you're ok with that, then you're no patriot. Impeach now
You have voted for every one of trumps corrupt cabinet picks, you're fine with nepotism and their emolluments. Now John Bush as a judge
Here's a HC sys #1 vs #33
REPEAL AND REPLACE IT 
HEALTH CARE 
REPEAL AND REPLACE 
REPEAL AND REPLACE
GIVE ME MY PENALTY'S BACK
@realDonaldTrump 
STILL NO INSURANCE !!
Good job. Wish you had been given more time.
Usually agree but I do support a border adjustment tax. This is why your getting hacked, and innovation going down
Please work with democrats on health care reform. Is too vital an issue for one team to do alone. And straight repeal would be cruel.
Ignore the derailing policies of the Trump administration and it would immediately make the Senate more efficient.
I'm an Okie. I've given up on Inhofe. That means you are my only hope for standing up to the authoritarianism that is taking hold. Pls help.
Been asking him for months to be the hero we all need. He's just smarter that @JimInhofe but no more moral.
30 years ago when you have none, companies trained people for their jobs they had to work with the population they had .
Other nations exhibit protectionism , look at eu,with beef ,Apple ,and Google . Canada had a tax, slave labor, patent stealing
Greg Palast delivered a mass petition to DOJ about Kobach's Interstate Crosscheck scam, which illegally purged 1.1 million voters, but nada.
@SenatorLankford doesn't seem to care about our sacred electoral process. What has he done to protect it?
I'm not for blanket border tax,look at Apple they haveabout ten stores in U.S. yet have factories in Russia,Ireland,4 in China and India .
Business can't compete with slave labor, or it can be used against rogue regimes. Nafta killed the steel industries
Not happy with some of #Healthcare and love #POTUS. To many limits. Preexisting, women's health.
Good talk.
YES to Your proposals to Make Senate More Efficient 
Stick to administration's agenda!
Can you answer why Jared Kushner still has security clearance?





Here's my preposal, either you start workin with the President or you WON'T be gettin my vote again.
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/07/22/oklahoma-teacher-panhandles-for-money-to-buy-classroom-supplies.amp.html ….   Oklahoma teacher panhandling to buy school supplies. SAD
So, will you tell us what health care bill you are voting on and how you will be voting?
I'm also your constituent, I want healthcare for all, no tax breaks for rich. Get the Russians out of government. And no I don't watch FOX.
The senate will be much more efficient when all the crooks are gone.
Nah. I'll be busy cleaning my comb.
How about a Town Hall...  Hear out your constituents
lol. Lankford discussing tax reform. He will just repeat GOP/Koch talking points.
as your constituent, I will certainly be listening. And I expect that your solutions include ALL.
Funny seems like only stupid liberals are commenting....
Oh yeah most republicans are at work.
Careful Mr senator if you spend to much time @ Fox News you may have to get a job there or maybe that's what you want
How about you efficiently work on those articles of impeachment? That'd be swell!
Senator Lankford was PDQ today?  Saw you walking in for lunch. My family loves it.
Fox News-proves how biased you are.  Waste of my tax dollars-can't wait to vote you out.
Being on @FoxNews means you are lying and only playing to Trump's base, not Okla Republicans or Democrats. Your career will sink with him
I am an Oklahoman...hoping you act in our interest. Repeal Obamacare, support our president and pass tax reform. Will gain my support &vote
Bot
I'm a real Oklahoman and I can't wait to vote Lankford out of office. He's harming Okies.
I guess our votes will cancel each other out lol
as one of your constituents I would rather you start working with #Trump and quit fighting him. I voted for him same as many others.
 Another pastor backing a confessed, but not remorseful, serial sexual assaulter. Wow. Southern Baptists have changed since I was a kid.
#FlagOnThePlay
Let's not be expecting character out of a leader. Elect more immoral characters? Cause... why again? I'm lost.
the comment was made over 12 years ago and he apologized for it and said it was a mistake. and he never did anything, just made a comment.
There sure is a lot of women who disagree that he never did anything. But, ok.
#DrainTheSwamp2018 will make our legislative branch far more efficient. Instead of playing politics just do what's best for America. #MAGA
We need nationalism not globalist socialism. Those idiots #WelcomeTheirOwnDestruction. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #ExecuteTraitors
Wow. Even I'm not calling for DJTjr's execution. That's brutal. Let's just lock him up.
I'd love to tune in Senator but I don't watch Fox News or any of their other political programming. It's just propaganda.
#RepealNotReplace #OKConstituent #BoycottAIPAC #RecallLankford
We will be listening @GOP and @POTUS and @VP
Defunding the Choctaw Nation's Teen Pregnancy Prevention is not helping Ok.
TELL Them Keep Knees Together
That's what he told the campers at Falls Creek and we know how that worked out. 
Get rid of McConnell
GOP health bill is terrible, why support it? You got sucked up by the swamp and care about Insurance companies over your constituents.
Don't watch Fox "fake news". Let us know when u r speaking with real media professionals
Hey Lank, when it really comes down to it are you going to do the right thing by the constitution and for the people of the ?
I don't get that channel. Ins w/out essential benefits is not ins no matter what Cruz says.No Wall
inefficiency is the only thing keeping us safe
Ineptitude is our small saving grace, at this point. Imagine if this admin appointed capable, experienced people.
We just elected two Democrats to the state legislature, Oklahoma is fed up and ready for change.

I hope that knowing your state is struggling you would be insisting on fully funding the services Oklahomans rely on.
20% corporate tax, 20% flat tax w/$10K USA deductible, $2500/yr child HSAs.
Or...  here's an idea, defend the constitution instead of Trump. But, alas, you will remain focused on tax cuts for 1% and removing 1/2
Healthcare from bottom 10%. I suppose that's what Jesus wants...
What is your position on Kushner's security clearance?  We know he worked with Russians on election...
FOX News is terrible, why bother
It would be nice if you were a man of honor and would advocate return to normal rule or order.
Regardless of which policy side you are on, the Rs handling of process is disturbing and way worse than what you spent 8 years
Criticizing the dems. When I worked for bob Michel, we got an R agenda through a D congress. You guys are not leaders
Rs and ads are going to have to work together again or our country is doomed. Not all government is bad; not all gov is good. Happy medium!
Exactly. It should be a partner and each has its responsibility - individual, community, business, state and federal.
SMH. We don't watch Fox.
