The supremacy of any race over another is not only immoral, it's contradictory to our Constitution and the idea of America.
While some may want to remain divided, we cannot and must not ignore the dissension in our culture.
As a nation, we must recommit to build respectful unity together & honor the human dignity of all people.
You sit quietly by and vote in his swamp filled cabinet.  Either stand against @POTUS or American Ppl.  You can't have it both ways!
But not for show
Action, not just words. Trump is unfit. Impeach. There's enough reason to do it.
I fear it is too little too late. You boys have courted these types of  folks for years - Trump exalting & empowering white supremacist
We don't think you stand for anything but hate.
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/media/donald-j-trump-for-president-inc-releases-new-campaign-ad … Then you need to get rid of the jackass in the whitehouse. A woman murdered others hurt and this is the crap u allow
When are you going to directly denounce White Supremacy and neo-Nazis?
By supporting POTUS & his policies you're complicit in inspiring hateful ugly white supremacist behavior. Actions speak louder than words.
We have no problem with your idea for dining together, but we need to do MUCH more than this. Starting with @POTUS.
Will you condemn @POTUS's disrespectful, divisive, hateful, and un-American behavior and rhetoric?
You stand with Trump and Bannon. You have become and empty suit. #getout #charlottsville
Just because you "had dinner with a black man" doesn't get you off the hook!
We need for elected representatives to recognize the need for self defense.  #removerice
And you MUST demand removal of Nazis from the White House
Antifa,whitesupremacists, BlackLivesMatter,Nazis
ALL DOMESTIC TERROR 
Time we dealt w/ them!
LibertyFreedomRights by citizenship not DNA!
#Lankford2020
I hope you are praying somewhere this morning for a better America. That will fix it. Thanks!!!!      (sarcasm font off)
You knew about this. You know what they are. You condoned it.  You're guilty.
You know what. Get the hell out this country along with Trump and the other cowards. You're not welcome here. Go to Russia where you belong
Until casuistry is dead, the divide will continue.
why was they allowed to.march and pick fights and run over citizens.......
As a citizen we have watch black men been shot and killed murdered when we protest we are mocked
Too mild! These are homegrown Nazis and white supremacist terrorists. I expect my senators to strongly  condemn them and their actions
Call it terrorism & demand POTUS do the same.
Beautifully written.
Agreed....but still waiting to hear/see you say this was an act of terrorism
The "KKK" and "black lives matter" are both racist organizations who promote nothing but hate and divisiveness.  Stop racism on both sides!
Where do you stand senator your constituents are waiting will you continue to stand for evil or good
Will you stand against the Kobach group that is micro targeting minority precincts for voter purging?
Wondering how often you do this sir.
You're missing the mark. Take a page out of @marcorubio book. Call it was it is: white supremacist terrorists
Adorable statement. Why can't you simply denounce these actions?
DENOUNCE HATE ON ANY LEVEL
You defend the ADF, sir. How does the ADF defend the dignity of all?
Slow clapping! How convenient!
It's also time for you to do something about voter suppression, gerrymandering, and structural racism generally.
Agree. But let's not stop with race. Political views, religions, etc. Are you making an effort to see things from the left?
And how would you describe the president's role in our current predicament?
Stop standing with your party and stand up for what is RIGHT and DECENT. Stand up for us, the PEOPLE who have put YOU in office!
As long as you stand by Trump, for any reason, you Lankford, are condoning Trumps actions. It's time for Reps to stand up for what is RIGHT!
Trump has encouraged racism, and White Extremists. Trump treats women like second class citizens. Blaming women for sexual assaults
None of your claims hold water.  Uninformed & misguided and most likely wants free stuff.
Thanks for your witness
When Trump ran for election, he started all of this addition violence, he encouraged it, he supported it, he encouraged violence at rallies
DM me for my address mr. Lankford
Disgustingly weak statement from a man who has no concept of the impact of racism and hate speech on people of color.
Too little and too late. Your POTUS perpetrated this hate and division. YOU are the problem. Dinner ain't gonna fix it. Resign.
Become America's WORST NIGHTMARE and create a true 2nd #CivilWar. They have their 1st A right so do we to condemn this harshly. NOW!!!
u wouldn't having dinner with other race if he weren't just another T supporting senator. good god preacher man, stand up or explain why not
They were claiming today They put Trump in the White House! This is a Brand of Extreme Radical White Supremacist! Call it out or it will
Great idea. I also think that white folks should spend time in places where they are the minority. So understanding- and empathy-building.
Today stating Blood on Soil. Statements made by Nazis over Jews in Hitler's Germany. We have to call it Extremists just like Radical Islam
Americans need leadership to change this disgrace. Where is the LINE for too far @GOP? You endorsed hatred & vitriol when you nominated 45
I don't condone violence or extremism of any ppl. However we have to as a Nation denounce the KKK as being ok for the bold march they made
And people of diff income levels
Mexicans, any immigrant, transgender, sick, poor, elderly! Pres Obama wld never gotten away w/ 1/16 of trump has. Extreme White Privilege
Your response is so vague, as to imply some sort of symmetry.  WE ARE TALKING ABOUT NAZI TERRORISM.  Not mere closet bigotry "on all sides."
How can you tell who is with what group, helmets, shields, weapons, fighting each other?  Not just a 1 sided violence!
We have a war going on in America against our own that has began with the POTUS. We need better immigration laws true but, Attacks on Muslim

Unlike last time, they do not have a meeting with Lankford's staff. They're frustrated by what they perceive to be Lankford ignoring them. 
You stayed silent for too long.

"We're not going to sit and let them kill us," an activist says. Staffers have blocked them from going past the front desk. 

Disability rights advocates have gathered outside Sen. Lankford's office in Oklahoma City again. They were here two weeks ago. 
WE DO ALL NEED TO UNITE. POTUS w/Bannon, Gorka,Miller,Sessions representing WH. Starts at TOP SENATOR!
Congress should worry about setting term limits, they are the BIGGEST waste of our tax DOLLARS! 10% approval and they should be ashamed!!!
You need to start with Congress their Hate speeches start all this crap
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP you endorsed this joke & now are alarmed? Used the BannonMillerGorka narrative to get votes? You all own this
Nazis, senator. We need you to say Nazis. Call them what they are. Use the name they use for themselves.
Agree, and let's call Anifta what they are fascist and anarchist!
Nah, friend. I'm not here for that. Raving about antifa doesn't make this better. We need to make this better, need to stop accepting Nazis.
I detest Nazi, white supremacist and all hate groups.  So who is going to be the gestapo to refuse Americans right and freedom to assembly?
You're talking about a hypothetical America. Why are you talking about a hypothetical America when the one we have already has Nazis?
You have zero credibility on this issue unless your condemnation is backed up with action.  Your dear leader is the one bringing this scum
