Damage control tweet.
It won't work. Okies are smarter than he thinks.
Lankford has damaged OK & we will suffer the consequences long after he leaves. OK needs to stop voting for every shyster toting a Bible.
I wonder what we happen if several of us actively try to sway Okla elections. I've never tried, but will now. Large family in Okla that 1/2
predates statehood and mostly upper middle class. My reach may be larger than James's? It's worth a shot to dismantle OK GOP.
I've got the same large fam pre-statehood. They were all democrats until 08. They now think GOP is ordained by the heavens. #TooMuchFoxNews
We have to all realize that the GOP does not think healthcare is a human right. Only the humans that can afford it. They don't care
We have to help Okies understand those who believe this aren't Christians and stop voting for them.
FIX ACA, quit playing Trump and McConnells game of "destroy everything accomplished over the last 8+ years. DO BETTER!
Please post a link to the bill up for debate immediately. Your constituents deserve to have an opportunity to read it and contact you.
Will the GOP continue to fund ACA? #BIPARTISANEFFORTNEEDEDNOW
You are an embarrassment to this state.
Deceitful and cares not for the well being of his constituency.
Senator, Trump and Zinke have threatened & intimidated an entire state (AK) b/c their GOP senator voted no. Please address this. Stand up.
Thanks listening to your constituents and voting no (as if).  Have you at least signed on to the Disability Integration Act?
Today you voted for a full repeal of the ACA without a replacement! How can you say what you say in this video then vote today to repeal???
Well, he received a message from Jesus that said "forget all of those things I said about children and the poor.  Listen to the Koch Bros."
Tort Reform & Market Competition of medical procedures means transparency & patient finding the best price for services!
You're taking away healthcare from my daughter.  She was home sick most her senior year in high school. Thanks to the ACA, she is in college
I want 2 know why a Rep led Congress didn't have plan ready to go after 7 yrs of trashing ACA?Now voting to take away completely, heartless!
Turnout for inauguration of one new Democrat Reps was impressive.   Oklahomans are angry and we won't take it anymore. Cming after your job
Represent the people who elected you or leave. Oklahomans are saying that they don't want this. Are you listening to your constituents?
Thank you for explaining the process.
We need health coverage for everyone!  That is how insurance works.  Health CARE, not just catastrophic care. Now, just figure out who pays.
Too bad the ACA didn't include something that would have helped a family making $50K/yr. get access to care.  Like a Medicaid expansion.
Yes, The option was there, but Oklahoma politicians are just like Trump...they don't give a damn about their constituents health & opted out
Next speech, explain the difference between #healthcare reform and #taxreform Healthcare implies helping people, not slashing funding!
Really! Where are you on this craziness! Stand up you are better than all this! Speak Truth!!
You don't mention Medicaid.  Why is Medicaid even included in this bill?  And how does eliminating taxes help us get affordable #insurance ?
@SenSchumer now if we hear a schumer speech? Its packed with lies! Inaccuracies! Completely deceptive to Americans!
Vote no on the GOP bill. Vote yes to keep ACA. Gov Fallin is a big reason our cost is so high in OK. Keep ACA & Fix it.
Please vote against repeal and replace. We need a real bipartisan healthcare plan not a desperate repeal and replace that hurts many.
OK is is broke it is embarrassing 
I am not confused about the debate. Maybe you are confused. Vote to keep ACA.
I have never voted for this man, praying Oklahoma Religious Right wake up, find God and vote him out of office!
Reduce cost of healthcare: TORT reform, unified billing/services, negotiate national rate drugs
I didn't need the civics lesson.  Next time, explain why the AMA, the Hospital Association and the AARP think your bill is crap!  #VoteNo
"Next steps"???  It sounds so orderly.  SURPRISE!  VOTE TONIGHT!  Are you with us or with McConnell?  #VoteNo No time left to debate!
Thank you for taking the time to explain what's happening to those who aren't in politics.
Oklahoma didn't accept the expansion from the ACA, that is why our costs are more. Today you voted against The People and for the #GOP. #SAD
Add the American Academy of Pediatrics, American Medical Association, and American Osteopathic Association to the list who said #VoteNo.
This a poor civics lesson.  Conference committee is not mandatory.  If House passes Sentate bill as is, it goes to @potus.  No takebacksies.
https://thinkprogress.org/gop-vote-essential-health-benefits-694a83fbaaf6 … In one night the Gop took away 6 health benefits..dont be fooled Oklahomans..gop propaganda as usual party before us
This explains his vote a rama
thank you for keeping us apprised of the situation. Please don't let us down.  We need insurance to cover our needs.
Poppycock
YES beat back capitalist greed in healthcare. Don't limit the sick's access to it! That is a death sentence for Eli! #liberty for the #sick
Sir, the latest drugs that could save Eli > $200k per year. He could need multiple organ transplants. He is extorted at every level.
Every person with private insurance needs to sweat any limitation to coverage ie caps. Especially with the skyrocketing cost of rx drugs.
If insurance companies cap our coverage a. My son will die b. Financial destruction awaits us DO NOT rob us of life, liberty & happiness
Am I supposed to thank you for starting the steps that will leave me without affordable health insurance because of my heart condition?
When you say healthcare inOK went up 76%... Just remember Gov Fallon opted out of the ACA that's what is driving up costs in OKLA!!
Enjoy your blood money.
Stop....just stop.  We both know the reform bill is full of sh^t.  You lie like a rug!
Thank you Sen Lankford
WTF are you guys doing, holding votes on health care right now?? What sneaky evil plan is there now to push it through.
When you have a fascist in the WH how much are you all pocketing? I heard about the "secret funding" for yes votes. How many $$ did you get
You all were singing the BS about how Dems were so partisan..but truth this is how long ACA took. the only reason to repeal is a black man
James, you are about to sell us out. Even if you are honest you cant guarantee that your fellow republicans wont pass a compromised bill
The real problem is huge tax cuts for the rich and we pay their share..and it really is Government of Putin..you will pass 40 hours Mitchsez
https://www.cbpp.org/blog/house-gop-budget-prioritizes-wealthy-and-corporations-for-tax-bill … No confusion your a sell out..your still screwing us. without a kiss. our rates went up because you refused subsidy
GOP sellout.
Propose an alternative that makes sense before you repeal what we got
Could you please explain why Republicans did not have committee hearings with expert witnesses and bipartisan discussion prior to the vote?
Costs rose because Republicans held cost-sharing hostage and insurance companies can only respond by raising premiums.
We want affordable, accessible healthcare. We do not want you to repeal the ACA with no replacement plan.
We're not confused. You seem to be confused about what you're voting for, though.
he wad a chicken  and would never say how he was voting nor would imhofe.  Cluck, cluck
1. Healthcare costs are crazy. Costs went up in part under o-care because ins companies were required to cover min standards, a good thing
2. Want to reduce premiums? Get more skin in the game...need to keep the requirement for all to have care. The more in, the cheaper for all
I haven't heard anyone be specific about what this means for people with pre-existing conditions. Can someone please give us an idea?
Obamacare needs to be repealed. PERIOD. Thank you for getting it on the table for a vote. We appreciate your work. Help POTUS MAGA
Oh come on. Why repeal and replace? Why not just fix those issues? Many of which were created by the GOP to dismantle it.
Government involvement in healthcare has ruined healthcare.  Government screws every single thing it touches up. #FreeMarketWorks
U are going to have to prove U care by defending Medicaid. If you go along with reducing Medicaid, Oklahoma will know U don't care.
It won't work!!   You should be ashamed!! If one person dies because of this I'm holding you responsible
Have a town hall.....
Ins w/o essential benefits not ins. Do not legislate any woman's HC. No tax cuts for ins indus or 1%. No Cruz amend.
Sell out
I wish Reps had worked w/ Dems for last 7 years to improve ACA v. repeal, repeal, repeal. Could have had something really good by now.
Thanks, @SenatorLankford. But I'm not sure I trust a man whose desk is that clean. Please tell me you cleared it off to shoot this video...?
thank you sir for this important information
Into an appropriation bill allowing HSA to pay the ACA Risk Corridor insurance claims! FIX it! @GOP HEARTBURN is more about OBAMA than CARE!
You are choosing party over the people who you are supposed to be serving. I am looking forward to sending you back to church camp
We wont forget what you have done for OK.  Helping to destroy healthcare for many disabled ppl & children born with special needs. 1/
2/ Anyone that has a pre-existing condition won't be covered. Then there are the elderly that are in nursing homes & after going thru their
3/ life savings their care is now being covered by Medicaid (not Medicare as some ppl think). Will they just have their beds moved to the
4/ street if Medicaid isn't available?  My biggest question to you is, "How can you call yourself Pro-Life if you won't defend these lives?
5/ Life does not end at birth."  What if the baby is born with spina bifida, and Medicaid is the only chance for survival? Do you just say
6/ that child should have been born to a rich family or it shouldn't have been born sick?  We were considered the greatest country on earth
7/ and yet our healthcare system is failing. The ACA wasn't perfect but it was far better than what we had. So make the fixes and take care
8/ of your constituents. I became a widow before Obamacare and after being out of workforce to take care of my husband I had to find
Just shut up already.  Don't believe anything out of your mouth. Working to vote you out.
Toothpaste during my daughter's hospital stay cost over $300.  Find out why this is, & you will solve healthcare in America.
How can we trust the GOP when they want to cut so much out of it plus reduce Medicaid benefits?  Pre-existing conditions also a problem.
The irresponsibility with which this bill was thrust to a vote was staggering. How will a rushed amendment process be better? No repeal.
Don't confuse these terms--I am a doctor, I provide healthcare. You are legislating insurance. And frankly, doing a disappointing job.
Thank you. He's clueless and ill-equipped to serve in the Senate, hence his confusion.
Hope you kept your day job. You will be held personally accountable. Your days as a Senator for this great state just became numbered.
You and your GOP brethren spend all your time bashing Ocare. Time to show your cards now. Explain to us your plan and the impact on Okla.
Looks to me like you have diarrhea of the mouth. All that's coming out is crap. And to think I have been voting for you.
Disgusted by this vote. All proposals take insurance from millions!  NOT what Jesus would do!  Ashamed
Cool story, bro.. But YOU still don't listen... 
You need to look up the definition of "reform"...seriously....
I hope that during your recess, you take the time to come home to Oklahoma and speak to people who's lives you will be affecting.
Don't count on that.
If you are really wanting to help, come home and listen. Come and do your job.
Sabotaging the ACA, then complains it's failing is akin to an arsonist laying blame to the fire dept. Some integrity please!!!!
Here's an idea: Come back to Ok and have some town halls. I'm sure many of us would love to talk to you about healthcare.
He wouldn't do it before except by invitation so he won't do it now. He doesn't want to hear.
Probably so, but I'm gonna keep pushing it.
You no longer fool us.  We are on to you, and we will remember.  It really won't be hard to find a real man of faith to defeat you.
Your future in Oklahoma is over. #votehimOUT
Republicans never get the idea that healthcare is a right and not a privilege for the rich.
None of the options on the table would allow a <50k family to buy healthcare, just removes the fine and makes insurance harder to get.
And covers nothing.
Where does one go to read the text of the Senate bill?
Why the stealth and secrecy?
I understand the process, thanks. Re: vote-a-rama: Adding unlimited bad ideas to an already bad idea doesn't make it a good idea.
And what exactly are you advocating for in this health care debate. You don't seem to be mentioning that either.
It would have been nice if you had presented this stance BEFORE you took the vote, especially since all your aides keep giving no comment.
I live in your district and work at TAFB. You have lost my support and my vote today.
It also seems like you are only telling part of the story, not the part on how many millions gained health insurance under the ACA.
It seems that you forgot to say how you are doing it this way so you don't have to work Democrats. Don't pretend to be bipartisan now.
I will not be surprised come midterms.
Good sell,  but most of us know Who will get breaks$from all this. Koch Bros for 1, N 45 to take the name off the bill w/blk mans name on it


You go against the wishes of your constituents to confirm DeVos, then today's shameful vote that you KNOW will hurt Okies.
Fix what we have, there is no real reason to end it. The name is the issue and that's it. Fix it.
You just voted to keep a bill that was crafted in the men's room alive, and for what? The rule of order is already broken.
Judas
