You need to stand up to him. His values are NOT Oklahoma 's values OR America's values.  Stand up for what's right, Senator
Then why did Oklahoma overwhelmingly vote for him??
Because they disliked Hillary that much. I did not vote for Trump.
I understand and I agree that we all disliked her that much but you can't speak for all of Oklahoma
So what values do you disagree with him on??
His lack of compassion for refugees, his lack of concern for the consequences of his actions. Mostly that last.
You don't know his heart so you can say he doesn't have compassion.   Maybe he has compassion for our safety even more.
Nice talking to you all.   Headed to church.   Why don't we all just commit to pray for the POTUS
just follow the law which you should know as a congreesmen & support your presidents decision to fix our vetting sys
have any of you checked the facts; more terrorist assaults by domestic terrorism?!?!?!?
then bring the persecuted Christians and other religious people who are under the islamic death boot in those countries
Hypocrite.
The intent of the legislative branch is to limit powers of the executive branch.  Partisan politics have resulted in 1/
...congress acting as the presidents pep squad. We've seen the Dems do it for the last 8 years. Thus far we are seeing 2/
Thank you. I don't often agree with you but I think this is a very reasonable, Christian and American position.
THANK YOU!
Thank you for standing up to him and speaking out #ReligiousFreedom
religious freedom for the ones murdering the Christians and others not islamic? muslims are the ones coming here! You know!
disappointed that you did not support President on travel ban
This is not protecting America. A soldier has the right to refuse immoral orders. Fight Trump. #neveragain
Thank you for standing on the side of right instead of "party" I am really concerned about current POTUS! struggles ahead!
.@SenatorLankford Please continue to stand up for all Oklahomans, including LPRs and people of all religions (and none). Be our voice!
thanks for this statement, but we need a stronger one
Entry is being refused to legal permanent residents, children of citizens and people who work in the US. Disgraceful!
if you do not stand up against this you are on the wrong side of history.
They DO have legal right to be here. They went through the proper channels, had Visas. Some had US jobs.
appears Senator Landlord agrees it was handled badly. Thank you for your statement sir.
Sounds like you are standing up to Trump's tyranny.  If so, thank you.  Stay on the right side of history and morality.
what does that mean exactly?
.@SenatorLankford and what of legal and green card holding immigrants? No way do I believe this will stop at a "90 day delay".
.@SenatorLankford shame on you. 90 days can mean life or death to refugees and serious repercussions  for students delayed.
yes we can! Do what's right & lawful. We're betraying our allies & legal residents. Pick Christian values & country #NoBan
on the WH site the judicial branch was missing for a day came back and the Constitution has been rewritten?? Really ???
Thank you for standing up against this vile over-reach of power.
Thank you for your courage to stand up for what's good for all people over your own personal political security.
Stand up for what is right, Senator, and vocally oppose the Muslim Ban! Do not be a bystander.
vote No on DeVos
Remember who bombed the Murrah building? Yeah, it wasn't a refugee.
you still should vote no way n Pruitt
Yes
.@SenatorLankford I'm glad you feel this way, Senator. The EO on immigration is a danger to both security and freedom Please vote to rescind
I appreciate this stance. Thank you, Senator Lankford!
Stand with Trump. If you have a problem with his policies maybe he will listen Obama would not.
There is a silent Majority, that knows what's going on within our Corrupt Government. Hopefully Trump will drain swamp!!
Obama created this refugee problem by removing troops to soon in Iraq.
People need to think of the American people for a change not ones that take advantage of our system.
Look at Dearborn Michigan. My Rule of Law values are not theirs. Religious freedom is for all. Not just Muslims
It was not a Muslim Ban no one was sent back. Only 109 were held up. We need Strong Vetting! Obama caused this.
thank you for taking a principled and courageous stand in this matter
THANK YOU Sen Lankford. I am a registered Dem in OK & I very much appreciate your stance on this issue.
Stand up to Trump!  Your ProLife stance should include the persecuted lives too!
this Oklahoman and descendant of immigrants and refugees demands that you use your seat to uphold our values on the floor
Stand up for Oklahoma. Get Bannon off the NSC, oppose the EO & deny Devos. This will end tragically if you don't act.
Thank you for opposing the un-Constitutional and un-American Muslim ban. You are a hero and a patriot.
thank you for opposing #MuslimBan
hey, a mosque was shot up with 5 killed, the shooters? SYRIAN REFUGEES! If you don't put the US first, you'll lose my vote
are you saying you're against the temporary ban Mr. Senator?
You said nothing in this tweet! Step up! You know the Bible. Being vague is NOT being a Christian regarding the Ban!
I'm not sure whether that statement is for or against the President's new policy.  Talk about wishy washy.
only if that religion aligns with yours, correct? I mean, im a gay man, so you don't mean me.
Thank you for standing up for what is right! Let's come to the middle and work together!! #NoBanNoWall
As our elected Official it is expected that you stand up for ALL our religious freedoms.
As a Buddhist living in OK I have the same rights as my Christian neighbor, my Muslim neighbor, my Jewish neighbor.
Thank you for voting to oppose the ban despite overwhelming pressure from your peers
as an Oklahoma I'm embarrassed that's all you had to say about this clear breach of law and our history.
, I agree, but what are you going to do about this?
Thank you for taking a stand against injustice. Please help make America welcoming to refugees and immigrants again.
Nice to hear. Now please go tell that to the guy you voted for.
@mariebayarea4 This is CHAOS! Green card holders, children, parents separated without access to legal advise. HORRIBLE!
Thank you Senator, for standing for decency, American values, & following the gospel imperative to welcome the stranger
thank you also for promoting the need for refuge for those who are persecuted.
thank you for upholding the value of religious freedom.
this isn't protecting our homeland. This is persecution! Stop this unconstitutional, unchristian act!
Thank you. The first thing I think I have agreed with you on. Now what are you going to do about it?
Then why did you remain silent when you had a chance to oppose this appalling executive order. All it takes for evil ....
Religious freedom for who exactly?
Thanks for recognizing #religiousfreedom isn't just for Christians.
@UniteBlue What actions are you taking to back up your words?
what do you mean by "we"?
We can't surrender our values. You need to stand up for Oklahomans AGAINST Trump's immigration order.
@UniteBlue now investigate trump Russia ties
Thank you for speaking out.  Please follow up with whatever is within your power to fight against President Trump's tyranny
you get bonus points young man!
Does this mean you oppose the #MuslimBan? You should. This affects everyone: Xtian, Mslm, etc. The ban is anti-American.
Thank you for your strong stand against #Trump's illegal actions. I am your constituent. I appreciate it. #ReligousFreedom
thank you for opposing this order.
be very careful senator. Make sure you error on the side of the people of the USA. Consider standing with Press Trump.
Thank you. That's a good start. This constituent will be watching closely to see what you do next.
We already have a stringent vetting process.  This is WAY over the line and is in fact a 'Muslim ban'.
he who gives up liberty for security deserves neither.
Then go to work tomorrow and actually DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE WORDS.
Thx 4 supporting #ReligiousFreedom & refuge 4 the persecuted. #TakeTheNextStep & oppose the executive order! -a fellow Okie
Arrest him for Disorderly Conduct; confiscate his electronics, prepare arrest warrants
Thank you for saying this sir.
this is a stay. Not a ban. Obama and carter did the same thing. Stop freaking out over this. It's 90 days
Please back Trump in this. Everyone is overreacting.
Well Said. Demos'd for 2 days bc 26 People stuck at SFO bc rules changed btwn when they took off and landed. Not fair.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/50/3021 …
Thank You for speaking your mind, and not staying silent. Work within your party to restore sanity to the Executive Branch.
Yes, thank you.  We can be free, safe and humane. First Amendment is critical for all.
Proud of you for upholding American values.
Have U asked why @realDonaldTrump left out the countries of 9-11 terrorists? Is it b/c he has hotels there?
Matthew 25: 31-46
How are you serving us? Religious affiliation should never be a basis for any US gvt decision.
Doesn't make sense encouraging more strict vetting when it's sufficient as is. Let's not give Enemies another reason to h8
- #NoBanNoWall you owe Oklahoma more, Senator. #resist
Then fight this blantant racism. The #MuslimBan is not the answer. Stand up for what is right.
Please clarify, are you for or against the #MuslimBan? As an Okie, I would like my voice heard. #StandUpToTrump
Be brave. Take a stand. We are better than this. What would Jesus do?
Please oppose ALL discrimination. Christians welcome and aid ALL. Period.
Do you include Muslim religious freedom and Muslims as those being persecuted?
Stand up! Be a man of conscience!#ResistTrump
#NoBanNoWall #ResistTrump
put the PEOPLE of this country before your PARTY and stand up against this President.
Thanks! Preserve the power of the legislature & oppose Bannon illegal EO done with no consultation. #StopPresidentBannom
Act now. For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me (Matt. 25:35)
Thank you Sen. for holding American values over American interests. Please cast your ballots with human beings in mind.
Thank you for your statement. We need you to stand up to tyranny.   Our countries values are at stake
Thank you! Congress must enforce separation of powers.We cannot let the exec.branch turn us into a dictatorship!
You owe it to your constituents to issue a proper statement and clarify your stance. The #MuslimBan is unconstitutional.
thank you for your public statement
Thank you for speaking up against this horrible abuse of power. Now, please DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!
THANK YOU for taking this stand. Please speak this to President Trump and to his advisors who don't seem to understand.
thank you for speaking out Senator. Now we need you to stand up! Lead, we'll follow.
Thank you for opposing the #Muslim Ban. We need more principled Republicans like you.
Thank you, Senator Lankford for speaking up on behalf of human decency and American democracy. Please continue this fight.
So, are you going to confirm any appointments while this unconstitutional order is in effect?
Obviously you #Failed
I may not agree with you on all issues, but thank you for your stand on #religiousfreedom and refuge for the persecuted
Senator, this is a MASSIVE BLUNDER. You cannot expect a tweet to be an adequate condemnation in response.
Thank you, @SenatorLankford
How to turn US in the most hated country in the world in 140 characters and a bunch of EO. Good job guys on the own-goal.
Extremely proud that you have taken this stand. Please continue to #StandUpToTrump Thank you!
Flaccid wordsmithing.
@happyloner Action matters. Anything else, including simple lip service, is pandering.
then stop talking and do something about it
What actions do you plan to take to oppose this EO?
Please speak out very clearly that Trumps actions are WRONG!
Juxtapose @SenatorLankford
Full statement of John McCain and Lindsey Graham on Trump's EO on Immigration: reckless, ill-considered, irresponsible, counter-productive. 
why hasn't @POTUS included Saudi Arabia in this ban? Follow the money
Thank you for standing up for American values.
Then what, @SenatorLankford, are you doing to bring the poor and needy--refugees--to Oklahoma? What are you doing to prevent their deaths?
Grow a backbone Senator!!! #shameful #UnAmerican
Then what are you doing to protect legal residents (green card holders) who are trying to return to Oklahoma, @SenatorLankford?
, Thank you.
then why were you silent on the vote. Yes or no, do you support a Muslim Ban?
What does this mean? Strongly denounce Trump's unconstitutional moves. Better yet, impeach him. He is a danger to the U.S.
act! Stand up against hate and discrimination #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for taking a firm stand for our country's  founding values and Constitution.
Another craven politician who is anti-abortion yet stops caring for life after birth
Fight this. Fight for American values. Fight for Christian values.(Matthew 25:31–46). Fight for Okie values. Fight for US.
What #country are you representing? Not mine. I live in #America. Are you another #trump #sheep?
Thank you. Denying legal immigrants and refugees entry is not American. #StopPresidentBannon #impeachTrumpnow
translation: "Meh..."
Remember that faith without works is worthless - see James 2:14-17. Perhaps words from your namesake can help guide you?
I'm a constituent: you know the ban isn't Christian or American. Speak out-- be on the right side of history, Senator.
"Do not neglect to do good and to share what you have, for such sacrifices are pleasing to God." Hebrews 13:16
Look deep in your heart & decide what is more important, acting to do the right thing, or acting to just get re-elected?
Religious freedom for Christians, you mean
DEAR @SenatorLankford, Religious freedom for all?  Muslim, Hindu, & Jewish or Christian only?
We will remember your actions. Stand against this bigotry.
religious freedom? How is targeting this one religion  "freedom"? I guess religious freedom only applies to Christians?
how are we safer since the President's executive order against these Muslims?
"Anyone who has two shirts should share with the one who has none, and anyone who has food should do the same." Luke 3:11
Disgusting
Respectfully, we read your statement repeatedly and have no idea what you're saying. Your position on the #MuslimBan ?
this transcends politics.  OK people are terrified of Trump.  Your job as our rep to do something about it.  #MuslimBan
This is a good start. Please go further. Oklahomans want to see you publicly state opposition for the #MuslimBan.
Senator, how many refugees have committed terror attacks in the past 15 years? It's zero. How can you support this?
That's all you got? How do you stand before God and say you praise him while ruining the lives of so many? SHAME on you
We need you to take a stand. Take one. You can't have both.
What practical action will u take to back up your words? Your constituents aren't interested in platitudes. We want action.
consider this advice from conservative Eliot A. Cohen regarding you & this unfit POTUS:
Then stand up and stop Trump from destroying our integrity!
If protection was primary motivator we would be talking more about gun control and less about blocking persecuted refugees.
Please divulge what you did in Palm Springs with the Koch Bros all weekend and how this impacts your service to Oklahoma.
Do something seriously meaningful, words are words, we need action.
Be stronger. Stand up against tyranny. Trump and #PresidentBannon are defying a court order - a Constitutional crisis must be stopped!
Not enough. You must clearly state this ban is wrong and goes against everything we stand for as a country. #MuslimBan
Are you still in Palm Springs being wined and dined by Koch Brothers today. @politico reported you attended swanky fete
please vote No for DeVos. Public educ is already under attack in Ok. OK children deserve real advocate for public educ!
. Amen
not listening to his constituents, instead pandering to a maniacal asshat!
where are you Christian values, now??
Thank you, Sen. Lankford, for upholding religious freedom and supporting refuge for the persecuted.
good for you, Senator
@commiegirl1 @SenatorLankford thank you for standing up for our values - hope @SenateMajLdr follows your leadership
what do you plan to do about this #MuslimBan? Actions speak louder than words. Take a definite stand.
I hope you mean this and do everything in your power to take action
