Not, SO! He will RUIN the environment in favor of big oil and gas! Fracking kills our environment. @GOP #Liars
you sound like you lost money on BHO Solyndra. We need to be energy independant
where was Scott Pruitt for Oklahoma earthquakes caused by the oil companies? You are morally wrong.
Does it ever bother your conscious that you've sold your soul to big business and lobbyists? #2018
Dude, President Trump by executive order banned lobbyists. Now a lot of Democrats are in a tizzy.
Why can't you delay the vote until you get Pruitts emails? What can it hurt?
Represent us
I guess this confirms the fact that you plan to vote against your constituents!! Terrible judgement Senator!!
Senator Lankford only plays party over country (or State) Constituents don't matter
How do you and Pruitt explain earthquakes in Ok? This is a NO vote on confirmation  your people have spoken.
What I'm looking for is someone to lead the *Environmental Protection Agency* in a way that, IDK, protects the environment.
Same here! Signed, Okla. Born & Bread
How can you vote the way you do when you KNOW it's not what your constituents want?
Because he only cares about who is putting money in HIS POCKETS...the fleecing of America!
STOP THE CONFIRMATION HEARING OF PRUITT TOMORROW!! WE WANT TO SEE THE EMAILS. ENOUGH LANKFORD! NO PRUITT! NO PRUITT!!!!!!!!
We would have energy independence with renewables but then Pruitt would not get as much donagtions to his cause.
He will have a breakover well in the Grand Canyon in a year, and you know it. How can people be so blind.
Pruitt will lead as he did in OK~ignoring transparency laws and siding with big oil over citizens whose houses are shaking.
have you been asleep all those times Pruitt sued the EPA?  In what world do you get employed by the Co you sued repeatedly?
OFA alive and well following this good man.
Good man???
Yep, I've known him for years long before he was in Congress.
Your poor judgement at work
Vote no to Pruitt. Americans deserve clean air to breathe and clean water to drink. Less env regulations will reduce jobs.
You on CNN Erin B blaming "other side" for slow cab approvals; blame sloppy vetting+billionaire's not completing paperwork.
Explain to the intelligent how fracking helps the environment.  OK Fracks and is the hub of earthquakes.  Please Explain.
We're already energy independent.
If by that you mean he will give oil/gas industry free reign to do whatever they want, no matter who it hurts, then sure.
he should not be confirmed  vote the right way
you are corrupt and I can't wait until you are up for reelection
And then the EPA will be disbanded? https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/861 …
EDIT: When is your next face-to-face Town Hall? tele-Town Halls don't count. Ever.
#AlternativeFacts ? This voting constituent would like you to vote against his confirmation.
Sorry Jamie, he confrm'd the unqualified #BetsyDeVos This is not about whts good 4 the ppl isn't that right Sen?
ur exactly right. He can never say he didn't hear from constituents on the matter, tho!! (I  his office too)
He did the right thing. Worlds most expensive education & ranked 19th? Where is the $$ going?
Seriously, lets have the same earthquakes all over the country! Who cares! Ummm WE DO! The American People!#RESISTANCE
#DontConfirmPruitt
how do you justify these claims? How was he a steward of the environment in OK where earthquakes, dirty water r normal now?
just admit it: the only reason you like #pruitt is bc he is also a terrible politician from Oklahoma.
how can #Pruitt be trusted to protect the enviro when all he protects is his own wallet via oil money?
you know that's false.
we need the leader of the EPA to focus on clean energy. Not making mad max a reality.
... do you know that EPA stands for environmental protection agency? Not economic profit a**hole? #DontConfirmPruitt
I truly wonder if you're genuinely naive or blatantly corrupt & self serving.
Shame on you! I get it, it's not about that bass #ItsAboutThat money #fallInLineSoldier #MoneyBeforeThePeople
Survey says!? 
yeah, when's that town hall again? You do know you work for us, yeah? Just checking.
this man will fat'n ur pockets while destroying ev'ythng in his path. OK says NO to #ScottPruitt U hve no #moralcompass!
when will you listen to the people of Oklahoma & vote NO on his confirmation!
are you for real?
And puts the profits of oil gas and coal companies before the environment.
Do you really the Bullshit you just twitted? Steward??? He will rape the environment not care for it.
no I don't think so you must forgotten what you have seen and read in his record, remind us what he has done for oklahoma.
Getting rich turning the country back to smog. He wanted to get rid of the EPA, guess he found a way to make himself rich.
#ConfirmPruitt
are you a lieer a big lieer or completely insane ? #scottpruitt enemy of environment your friend
How does the head of the EPA spur energy independence and economic growth?
do you understand the meaning of steward???
No, sir. What state have you been living in,because it clearly isn't Oklahoma. Love America #TownHall
I almost cannot wait to help vote you out. Filling the swamp!
Pruitt may do well in China, b/c $ interests ahead of farmers, ranchers, hunters &anyone who benefits clean environment.
When is your next Town Hall?
Sweet of you, but this will not be a face-to-face Town Hall. Telephone only.
Um, No.
Mr. Pruitt is an excellent choice to head the EPA and will reign in a Dept that is out of control!
The function of the EPA has nothing to do with economic growth. Diversifying the OK economy would do much more for growth.
One word to you and legislators who choose $$ over true stewardship...2018!
I don't think you're using the word steward correctly. I believe you meant destroy. #climatechange
"fosters economic growth" is code for "no more rules, guys" and "let's develop national parks". Pruitt was bad for Oklahoma
I wish he would release his emails to avoid appearance of conflicts. Unseemly at best.
LOL! So, completely opposite than how he lead Oklahoma as AG. 
Just don't breathe or drink the water.
OFA trolls.
where do I pick up my check Skippy
