alternative Facts run wild with the GOP
does Puzder have all his paperwork even in?
I beg you as your constituent PLEASE do what is best for ALL Oklahomans, ALL Americans and ALL people. PLEASE
not going to happen the GOP has bought and paid for our Senators and Reps..they lose their payday
those presidents didn't nominate unqualified cabinet picks either
Alternate Facts
#MerrickGarland .....
Historic obstruction? Have you been asleep in the @GOP senate for 8 years? How quickly the tune changes when you're losing.
yay for obstruction!!
I want to know why our President avoids negative comments about V. Putin?
Why hello @SenatorLankford! Do you remember Merrick Garland? And 2013 during which Harry Reid had to change the rules
It's no one's fault but @realDonaldTrump 's that quality of nominees is causing mass concern and holding them up.
Are you kidding? What in heck did you people do with Merrick Garland? HYPOCRITES and LIARS are you.
but taking the time to "vet" the candidates does!
Confirmation should *not* be inevitable. Senate has the right to investigate nominees. Please defend Senate's powers!
it would probably go faster if it wasn't so obvious that they were odious crooks that bought their way into the cabinet.
god shut up.
Is that what you guys said all last year about Obama's nominee for Supreme Court?  HYPOCRITE!  Kinda funny and ironic.
It's vetting. No Democrat has voted NO across the board. Lankford needs 2 vet cabinet nominees on whats best 4 Oklahomians!
Trump's nominees were HISTORICALLY slow in getting their paperwork submitted for vetting.
what about the obstruction of a SCOTUS nominee by the previous president? How does that work? Asking as a voting Oklahoman
The previous administrations put up qualified nominees, that's why they were confirmed. Trump did not.
lol.  You know better then to lie to your constituency.
you are the only threat at this point..along with Inhofe..Obama's last person was in April dong crack with #45?
Republican party, acted a great deal worse, even to the point of very childish behavior, when President Obama took office.l
you apparently forgot about the last 8 yrs. Merrick Garland?
< trump surely ain't helping, court rules travel ban remains on hold. Great, its been rejected for now.
Did your intern make these graphics? Or somebody who has nothing but Microsoft Paint at their disposal?
Could you please give information about the amount of time between filing all required disclosures and confirmation?
Turns out their vetting isn't complete so that's the current administration's incompetence
Not OK to delay Repubs throwing 20 million off ACA, destroy public educ, trash water like Flint, suppress voter rights? Sad
BULL!
Obstructing Garland = "historic," this is just politics as usual, combined w/ Trump's late start on appts. Be consistent.
you don't help the people either!!
Why do you tell lies? President Obama's cabinet wasn't in place until April28th. Pure lies, you don't fool us.
the "inevitable"? in a democracy?
You're right Jimmy. Impeachment is inevitable.
For 8 years you clowns did nothing but obstruct. Now that it's happening to you you wine like a little baby. Deal with it!
Historic obstruction of the Supreme Court by Republicans.  Which is more harmful?
maybe you could help him out or be on of his cabinet
did your mind close or has it always been closed?
You repeatedly forget the last 8 years
Pssssttt... Republicans control the Senate.
why dont you vote no on these ppl you think DeVos is going to be good for the children and Sessions is the right thing
We are watching you Lankford and we vote.
Tell the nominees to get their paperwork in on time so all the checks can be made. It's their fault they haven't.
These daily vapid memes are evidence of a historically undereducated and unqualified Senator. Stop whining and WORK!
How have YOU helped America? You ignore your constituents and follow the party line. You spent a weekend w Koch Bros.
Are you going to whine every single day you have to show up for work? You were elected to fight for OK, not McConnell.
Sessions refused to even read memo on historic Russian hacking of US election. Explain how that helps Americans. #complicit
do you take into consideration the quality of his picks? You must like #quantityoverquality How bout #qualityoverquantity
children, ie, democrats, just don't understand that
Get new material #sameold
Is the inevitable selling handbags through the White House?#FederalViolation
how about having the paper work in ? How about having no conflicts of interest? Or maybe being remotely qualified...
. Want faster confirmation get better candidates.
apples and (in Trump's case,
literally) oranges. Tell your buddy Trump to get more qualified candidates.
Complaining about delays for you to rubber stamp UNQUALIFIED nominations is NOT going to get you reelected. #growup
I have an idea--let's talk about this in a public forum during your recess later this month!  Please schedule something.
you don't help or listen to Oklahomans either.
wow, the hypocrisy is great with this one #maythefarcebewithyou
I have to ask, how much did @BetsyDeVos agree to donate to you for your confirmation vote? Was it the same as @jiminhofe?
He did it for free. Inhofe got $1,000
And neither do you by voting strictly by party lines, instead of for individuals qualified for the position. Terrible!
well yes we have a delay for the inevitable.  Next election for you is a resounding NO!
Thank You for your patience Senator Landlord extreme vetting is very important!
it's only "inevitable" because you are voting party lines rather than what your own constituents want.
I cant wait to vote you and your horrible graphic design intern out of office.
Didn't we go over this already? His Cabinet picks are grossly unqualified, just like he is. Keep repeating his lies tho. 
Irrelevant! Make sure the noms can actually do their job w/ NO conflicts, which apparently u & @jiminhofe don't care about.
As an expert in obstruction, @SenatorLankford  
We're thrilled with your assessment. #Garland #ACA
So how many times are you going to post this?
Obama's cabinet wasn't confirmed until April.  THAT Is historic obstruction.  Don't lie for this lying president.
You guys keep using the word "historic". I do not think it means what YOU think it means. See also: GOP Obstruction
his staff is made of many former fundamentalist preachers, so you've got a point
Our schools are inadequate, our teachers are being used and mistreated, and we have no jobs that pay a decent wage.
hmmmm... reminds me of the obstruction by your party over #MerrickGarland.  Plus... FACTS. You should look into them.
As a native Oklahoman I am highly disappointed and embarrassed by the way you have represented our state.
w/all due respect, Okie's, voters, constituents don't see it that way.
Okie's 100% okay with protectionism to ensure their future.
For a historically inept administration.
Senator, appointees should be no less vetted than immigrants.  Some of these appointees have serious conflicts of interest.
I would also be interested in where you got those numbers.
