
So we have to change the rules? Really?. Here is a tip. Make laws that everyone likes. That how you make great legislation.
You want to make laws that will be liked by everybody who wants to sit on their ass and let other people work to earn their living!
You don't work you don't get paid.That's how America works for everyone but politicians and the life welfare cases.Nevermind one in the same

You were fine with obstructing when President Obama was in office.  Merrick Garland ring a bell? Shoe is on other foot, suddenly uncomfy?
"..the arcane rules of the Senate always force a painfully slow legislative pace." 
Arcane? Constitutional Conservatism is officially dead.
I'm sure he's fine with the arcane rules of the electoral college letting a loser win.
Maybe draft a decent piece of legislation
How to "make the Senate WORK again"? DON'T VOTE FOR ANY INCUMBANT. ASK ALL THE SWAMP TO RESIGN NOW!
Where is a filibuster specified in the Constitution? 
(crickets)
It's not.  Hence, follow Constitution:  Majority + VP (if needed for tie).
One of Pres Trumps tax reforms will save my small business 20K next year. Please support him.
Think about it like this: if you don't like republicans, do you still want them to be able to obstruct when they are the minority next year?
Here's a thought: work both sides of the aisle and keep all American citizens in your heart when you vote. Doesn't seem too difficult.
If Senate gets to approve president's nominations. Maybe the president should get to approve Senate staff nominations.
Yes the Senate is an "anchor" weighing the country down. You have done some good, James. Letting Pruitt in the door, not on that list
What good?
Add on Term Limits!!
I hope you know you're going to be voted out. You're a groveling suckup on the wrong side of history.
Do the hard work.  Work across the aisle.  Changing the rules is the cheater's way out.  Dig in.  It's what you were elected to do.
The senate works fine when you put country before party and rely on non partisan legislation. A true common good is rarely debatable.
Good suggestions re senate. Why allow senate to approve cabinet & staff? Infringement?
"the minority party has for months abused Senate rules to stall the nomination process" Really? Are you forgetting what the R's did to BHO?
OR, you could work together for centrist policies that benefit the American people. That's worked for centuries.
We had centuries of centrist policy? When?
No. But we had centuries of the Senate working without needing to change the rules. And lots of bipartisan bills. ObamaCare had GOP input.
Tax cuts would be nice, just fight for that.  Healthcare failed miserably, thankfully I am Cherokee and exempt from #Obamacare.
Even still you will be effected.
Don't change the rules, change the members. And we're working on it.
Not fast enough. Hate to wish my life away but 2018 can't get here quick enough.
Here's how to make the senate work again: get new senators that don't let Trump walk over them
How about getting some that will work for AMERICA and our president.
Sorry, I don't want to subscribe to @WSJ , so I guess I won't get to know your thoughts on it.
Change in leadership would help. Ride out filibusters, vote anyway. 2018 will be an ugly loss if GOP continues to do nothing.
All the filibuster has ever done is cause senators to make lame deals to buy other senators votes.  End the filibuster!
It sure worked well for you all for 8 years..and you want to change it?? be careful what you wish for..how many Russians you all installing
Wrong. Get rid of the filibuster. Get rid of motions to proceed. Everything that makes the Senate the world's greatest obstructionist body
Feel how you want about current senators, Lankford is right about this. He just doesn't go far enough.
He is not right about this. You don't get to pick and choose how many votes 51 or 60. Which do you think the ACA will be?
I rely on obamcare my only prob is its oklahoma version; Federal funds were refused by oklahoma!
That would be our bitch of a Governor Fallin who made that call.
I disagree. It would be nice to believe that the Democrats would not intentionally harm the American people but they've proven they will.
Another way; get rid of any who have held office for more than 6 years.
How bout staying at work until your work is done. Why is it that you all take more days off than the people who pay your wages ??? Townhall?
Thank you for signing the vetoproof Bill keeping the sanctions on Russia. Please keep a close eye on presidents actions dealing with Russia
Be a leader. Leaders gain power by doing the hard thing. That means NOT being one of Mitch's lemmings.
Americans want you all to be adults & work together, by the rules, like the rest of us do DAILY in our own jobs. 
Debate + Compromise = 60.
Your lost in the minutiae of senate rules, decorum and the rest. Meanwhile the folks live in a different world and are begging for results.
So typical...flaccid repubs bring knives to a gun fight.
have changed the rules.  The real problem is Republican leadership doesn't understand or care about getting things done. Sad
This did not happen when Obama was President either when Dems were the majority or minority. If happened when Dems had majority they would
Uh, aren't some of these rules the same ones that your predecessor, Coburn, used to halt legislation.  Were you against them, then?
I would find this article more interesting if you hadn't bashed the minority party repeatedly for doing exactly what you did under Obama.
How about term limits? Keep career politicians like @JimInhofe (and arguably you) from working for special interest instead of the people.
Term limits, no lifetime salary, salary reduction, not allowed to vote yourselves raises, no healthcare subsidy would be a start.
We need to pause all nominations until we can figure out what is going on in the White House
More of your McConnell/Boehner/Ryan-lite nonsense? Oklahoma, we could have done so much better than Senator James RINO.
You ran as an obstructionist & now have the responsibility to govern. You want to change the rules to make it easier - suck it up or resign
So what is stopping the changes
Maybe work on policies that are more reasonable rather than ones that hurt the public
Considering 45's staff, good reason to take the 30 hrs.
It used to work fine when people had the nations interest above their's or their party's.
Or above radical socialism/Marxism
It really seems like most elected officials are there really representing themselves and not us.
Extreme partisanship is the handiwork of billionaire donors buying elections. 
Result: Op Ed's on changing rules to avoid compromise.
I respectfully disagree. These rules discourage bipartisanship. They give incentives to obstruct
New GOP tagline. We cant do the job so change the rules.
Still wonder how you can vote an FBI director in with ties to Russia?товарищ?
Par 4 says you'd prefer that the maj party deny min party opportunity to present their views. Can't read on. Too ashamed you're my senator.
Right on Diane!
Then how do you get that done?
And make the regulatory changes to go into effect 4 years from now to assure bipartisan support.
Par 3 is unabashedly hypocritical for a party that didn't even give M Garland a hearing--a nominee from a pres who won popular vote twice.
U didn't see a prob with obstructionism when Obama was in ofc and it's not obstructionism if there are no candidates being nominated by pres
Totally agree
Thank You!
make it a requirement that ALL bills (not just the fluff) have bipartisan input. /3
for the express purpose of slowing down President Obama legislative agenda. You want congress to work better, /2
Wow, still touting the "Dems" are obstructionist line from de Führer. @GOP invented this /1
**how to make the senate work <for the Republicans>again.  That's what you really mean.  You didn't see Dems doing this for past 8 years.
We will all be glad when Republicans are in minority again.
Here's a different thought: you should have acted like a human being & given Merrick Garland a hearing.
a COMPROMISED CONGRESS shouldn't be CHANGING any rules, policy etc....
