FOX will NOT show:
Police say anyone not wanting to risk arrest must leave.

These people aren't going anywhere.
Who in the hell wheeled these poor souls in there?  Disgraceful!  I would never do that to my disabled mother.
Interesting point -of- view. Glad you can take care of your mother as the main caregiver.
What was the point?  Medicaid would never be cut for the disabled.
Assuming you will never have any more disabled citizens in your state,thus the cap. ~Caregivers already being cut in IL.
If they are already being cut then thank Obamacare. The new bill didn't even pass. There is no limit on the number of people covered.
NO. States like Illinois mismanaged. We have a governor who was holding back money, now the ppl in those jobs moved on.
solution: #14thamendment-equalprotectionofthelaws. if a US citizen has to obey the law why illegals don’t? #enforcethelaw. @ThomTillis
illegals are already breaking the law
Uh no deport them all
Not immigrants. Illegal aliens. Criminals.
Constitution!
Whatever u did 4 1 of the least of these brothers & sisters of mine u did for me MAT 25:40
Send them back.

Yup, looks about right!
Illegals in NC killed 6 American http://children.One  illegal drove around bus with lights on at 55 and killed child in front of mom
Get illegals OUT!
We all know that Fucked News is pure propaganda & conservative means lie then fuck them over.
This is amnesty. It is NOT conservative alternative.
What about invaders, rapists, murderers and sharia take over cons ?
screw the dream act- american women and some young men have been forcibly attacked by adult radical daca muslims-media wont cover it
#EndDACA 
#NoAmnesty 
#AmericaFirst 
Pass the #RaiseAct
Patriots oppose corporate globalist TRAITORS and anti-worker mass migration policies
hmmmm not all of them go figure..
Protect all legal immigrants.
LEGAL Immigrants!!!
This person's sign says protect all immigrants. Except they're not immigrants, are they? American citizens and TRUE immigrants know truth.
The best way to protect them is right after they become American Citizens!
What about all immigrants RESPECTING THE AMERICAN CONSTITUTION AND FLAG? Wink

@LaughinHart @FoxNews @GOP McCain ALLOWS OCARE TO REMAIN AS HE HAS TAXPAYER PAID HEALTHCARE MOST AMERICANS CAN'T AFFORD.
Illegals are  not beneficial.  We pay for their STUFF!  Amnesty is not a good idea when many Americans don't see wage increases.
No amnesty.It's always just 1more deal&we'll have it fixed.They r turning on the ppl that support them&demanding what they want NOW!No more
Why are you pushing for AMNESTY for illegal aliens? 
We will primary you & send you packing. Move to California if you support law breaking
If it's anything like their ACA alternative I'm sure it's brilliant.
Where's the "PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN WHO ALREADY ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS"?  WHERE'S THEIR "FREE COLLEGE"-"PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT FOR JOBS"?!?!
Where's our damn healthcare and tax reform? Where's our damn wall? I said they'd do for illegals before the citizens. DC weasels and liars.
I'ts not a "conservative alternative." It's the same goddamn amnesty we've been fighting forever. #NoDreamAct #NoCitizenship.
A Path to citizenship MUST B provided 4 Law Abiding 'Dreamers', Obama Lured, Employers employed, Government gave Government Assistance
Only alternative is load them up and ship them out .
Protect all LEGAL immigrants.....deport every single ILLEGAL immigrant out
.Sorry. Not interested. DACA was supposed to enforce background checks, and guess what? They just up and stopped doing them.
.& what will ensure that those allowed to stay meet & maintain the requirements? I'm sure it would'nt involve an expansion of federal govt.
.Yeah, no. This isn't a conservative alternative. This is the RINO (a.k.a. Democrat in Republican clothing) alternative
I agree with this bill except for citizenship. They should receive green card by merit but never citizenship & voting rights. Don't deport!
NO, we don't protect criminal immigrants! Illegal immigrants are breaking the law that makes them criminals!They should have become citizens
Bo DACA fix until you @SenateGOP @HouseGOP keep their VOW to repeal replace Obamacare in '17 or LOSE majorities as some RINO's hope happens!
No DACA. Deport all illegals and build the wall.
Call ICE on that rally quick Injustice?  ILLEGAL ALIENS!  MY TAX DOLLARS! STOLE MY SS# #deservenada
Injustice?  ILLEGAL ALIENS!  MY TAX DOLLARS! STOLE MY SS# #deservenada
Go back home fools
And just like that Senator, you've lost my family's votes 800,000 morphing to 2.5 million Change the wording, still the same thing
How about working on healthcare and tax reform for CITIZENS?!
So these clowns think giving ILLEGAL #DACA folks a pass will deter future ILLEGALS? WTF are they smoking? #NoCitizenshipEver!
Yes, the legal ones!!! People seem to forget difference between ilegal and legal immigrants. Legal immigrants rights have always been...
Protected. If you decided to come to any country illegally don't expect to have same rights as legal immigrants. Just like you wouldn't...
Expect to have a home owner welcome to their home as a guest, if you break in to his home!!!
We don't need more immigrants here. 45 million immigrants have taken a lot of American jobs. These kids are in their 30s. Deport Deport
No pass for relatives!
Deport them all I say.  Their not asking for their rights they are demanding something they don't have the right to demand. DEPORT!
Needs to be National Vote by LGL Americans who pay the bill, not corporate DC lobbyists in dark rooms. No more free shit for VOTES scam.
Tillis isone and done in NC
Immigrants or illegal aliens two very different things
Any Male "Dreamer," 18-25, who has not registered with the Selective Service has committed a federal felony.
That's right put every dam one of them in prison. Desert stockade .
Lankford's tweets:
FEMA $ for churches: 3
NCAA football: 2
OKC Thunder: 2
America's Got Talent: 1
Arpaio pardon: 0
Puerto Rico: 0
My God there are so many illegals here it's unbelievable the GMAC was to help temporarily not a permanent fix
Of course we protect all immigrants. We are a nation of immigrants and laws. If you are an illegal immigrant you are afforded no protection!
End it now
@SenatorLankford bill requires hs diploma. Does it make exemption for minors(16)? Best bet for ed! Don't leave them in limbo. exempt them
Not illegals. They must GO BACK!!! #NODACA #NOAMNESTY
You got it girl.
Our laws protest our LEGAL CITIZENS and those who enter our country LEGALLY!
U knew when u came here u were illegal, get out.We don't feel sorry for you. your kids will pay the price for what u did to them.
Protect ALL legal immigrants. Illegal...gone!
Protect them in a stockade.
Can someome tell me why ILLEGAL immigrants are so important to politicians? Enforcing laws is always secondary, makes me sick. No amnesty
1 word= votes
DOA in da house!
I love how they hide their faces they want to be heard & seen yet when the ppl who can get their msg out show up they hide!!!
You lost me at Fox News

You mean trump is only one how does those things .what is all that crap other party doe's.
In other words, take them behind the building and shoot them. Thus sayeth the "Treason Caucus"
Healthcare, Taxes, Wall, Infrastructure, DACA in that order 
@SenatorLankford @GOP 
Why do we have to provide ANY citizenship? Their children will get it.  That's enough.
CRUZ MCCAIN PAUL SAY NO TO DACA. YOU say no to everything else. Cruz you are my Senator but just for now. Disappointed
Why is everybody attacking illegals but nobody is demanding support for fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, who are being ignored?
That's when I know you are not defending our laws at all, you're just racists! You don't want to take care of your own American ppl
They'll offer an alternative to DACA Illegals, but no Obamacare alternative to AMERICAN Dreamers.
I’m from your district senator Lankford ...I you and I vote!
They've been getting by with living here so long , there's a sense of entitlement ' Get outa here Illegal immigrants
AMEN
If that's what they want they should relocate to Venezuela
DACA recipients met those guidelines. They were & are succeeding. Trump knows that 800,000 are going nowhere regardless of deadline.
They would go to Mexico if they lose DACA. ICE will help them out. If Trump doesn't keep his word, his base will reject his lying ass.
States will sue Trump. Supreme Court was split. DACA was never found to be unconstitutional. Vast majority of support DACA.
Deport all GOP Senators & Representatives, MAGA
Merit based fix with teeth but still provides opportunity for citizenship and not just free pass Dems will never go for it makes much sense
UNREGULATED IMMIGRATION : THE TROJAN HORSE
Not Conservative!
No..
I've got a conservative alternative, deport them.
How do Republicans that campaigned against Obama's now find themselves protecting every bit of it. Looking more and more like Democrats
NO, NADA, NYET! NONE OF THE ABOVE for DACA! Haven't they ALREADY SOAKED us for ENOUGH? Kick them AND their PARENTS OUT!!
You're attacking illegals but you're showing zero support to your fellow citizens in Puerto Rico who are drowning right now. Ur Transparent
Your not an immigrant if you came here illegally.
#NoAmnesty #EndDACA
Are illegal "Dreamers" willing to take amnesty in return of putting their parents in jail for the crime of being illegal immigrants?
Go Home where you belong!
Yes we will protect all illegal immigrants all the way to the boarder before we give them a swift kick in the butt and tell them to stay out
Vote out of RINO
Send ice to these rallies
I can't understand why ICE is nowhere to be seen when these people are known to be illegal, yet go on television and to rallies... 
Any proposed bill has to guarantee building the wall.  If no wall, no deal.
How about - "protect all law abiding citizens"?
A green card is something you earn not steal
No green cards for people who breached the law. Work visas yes. No citizenship.
Not immigrants. Illegals living off the tax payer.
I am still against anyone be pushed to the front of citizenship line when their parents and they have broken our laws.
I completely agree!!!!!! It isn't fair to those who are immigrating legally!
It was the "conservatives" that have fought any immigration reform for past 30 years.
What about Repeal and Replace O'care?  Take care of you constituents first.  We're the ones who vote legally.
Why y’all hide your face?
The big ole Washington shit show..
Get a flag and hide underneath..
Change your channel name to Hate..
That sign needs correction, "protect all LEGAL immigrants"!! It is NOT the US's responsibility to protect all non-legal immigrants...
Illegals require more protection against evil republicans trying to murder poor innocent children
Trump doesn't give a shit about poor Americans,then immigrants should know what he is about to do to immigrants
Sounds a lot like the dream act but if renaming a bill is what it takes then I'm for it.  As long as the dreamers are protected.
Depot them all
Nope. They'll be allowed to stay. You'll need to get off meth and SSDI and get a real job
Why the laughing emoji's? What's so funny? Do you find it funny that citizens of this country don't want illegal's here? Really?
Nope, it's funny that your own party won't do what you want. That's funny.
Forget the damn immigrants. support our citizenry, send immigrants back home to live off their country!
This is pretty much the same as regular visa/naturalization rules isn't it?  Seems pretty fair to both sides.
NO! Deport!!!!
Illegal us the key word in all of this
DACA kids shouldn't be punished for parent's mistakes. Agree, NO free education just because ethnicity. Most DACA kids I know Rgood people!
If my mom stole a car, then got pulled over while giving me a ride to school in the car, do you think she'd go to jail, but I keep the car?
No. I wouldn't get to keep a car my mom stole. DACA recipients don't get to keep the citizenship their parents tried to steal. Out!
We should only allow transgender illegal immigrants.
Deport #DACA Now! #FoxNews
Only legal immigrants who contribute to America deserve to be here. Illegals are a burden to America.
You sir have that backwards. Illegals make America great. Not law abiding people
NO ON PATH TO CITIZENSHIP!!! GREEN CARDS OK AS LONG AS NO CRIMES!!! COMMIT A CRIME=AUTOMATIC DEPORTATION FOREVER!!!
-Oh man, if looks could kill. Please show Sen.Pat Roberts R.)Kansas shoot Colo.Senator a look that took 20 seconds.Not amused

WHY IS THE PRESIDENT IGNORING PUERTO RICO? https://twitter.com/markberman/status/912157330971774978 …
HES NOT
It's not Trump's problem. It's Congress's problem. Get on your congressmen and women to do their job.
dreamers aren't the problem, but I have a problem with the elected officials that aren't doing their job and just want to use them as pawns.
I am cool with this. 5 yes. No Bennie's. Felons deported. Build the wall.
imagine
Deport them all. Thanks
daca is illegal immigration-magnet. dreamers should be requred to serve in military or national service before getting legal status.
Deport
Deport all illegals! I don't care if you were smuggled into our country in a diaper! Get out! #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Illegals are not.immigrants sorry
I'm curious if @FoxNews will be reporting on this, or if the "neo-con alternative" to factual news is more pressing.
“No cuts to Medicaid, save our liberty”: Capitol Police remove activists who interrupted an Obamacare repeal hearing http://politi.co/2fLApJJ  
Respect our laws
Great Thinking.  Bring forth the ideas!!
PROTECT AMERICANS AND AMERICAN CITIZENS. DO NOT REWARD LAW BREAKERS.
It sounds promising- but please stop calling DACA beneficiaries "children".  They're grown folks now.
People have the idea that they are children, yet they are full grown adults who have been spoiled by getting (what was) a free ride.
#EndDACA #NoAmnesty
#uhhhNO! #hahahaha #yourpartysaidFUtoyou #hahahahahaha
Reagan 1986 signed AMNESTY bill Congress PROMISED secure border & AMNESTY NEVER again! If Congress passes this bill they're LIARS!
THIS comment. Amnesty programs only benefit the Democrats, as most illegals will vote for Big Government.

If you were mad about Hillary using a private email but aren’t mad about Jared Kushner,just admit you didn’t REALLY care about natl security
You should probably read the article. Emails were about news coverage and reporter questions and then appropriately forwarded to WH account.

أقوى حلقة سياسية أترجمها لجندي أمريكي سابق عن11سبتمبر،وهل السعودية خلف التفجير؟،وصفه المذيع (بالسكران)لكن رأي الجمهور كان أقوى #ترجمة_نيزك 
Immigrant implies LEGAL. The illegal are invaders.
"Immigrant" implies illegal? You said it. That's exactly why you're called bigots. Immigrant is not illegal as there are legal ones too.
No
Protect ALL LEGAL IMMIGRANTS!
DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS! 
Too many want to come legal & should be considered first. What's so hard to understand?
Yes, send the illegal immigrants home and build the wall
No fcuking way! We will not cave into the hispanics! No amnesty, no green cards just deportations. VOTER PHOTO ID
Is it a bus ride back to where you came from
If they pass this bill with path to citizenship We the People must vote them out of office! This does not deter ILLEGAL immigration! 
And if they deport children who did nothing wrong, its political suicide. These innocent children and teens WILL stay and make us great!
That's what I'm interested in too. I don't mind the path but I do mind automatic citizenship if 40 cousins.
I just can't agree with that. The illegals, yes. They must be deported but the DACAs are different. They were babies coming here. Inhumane
So if your mom came to you today and said you were brought here as an infant from Kenya, you would have no problem jumping on a plane?
Right...
Hey Fox... A few of us are wondering who manufactured Kaepernick socks? Was it Nike?
Illegal Aliens are not "immigrants". They are criminals. They should go home and apply for a legal immigration status.
Why yes its called deportation and come here legally like my ancestors. Nothing to debate.
I hope your ancestors weren't those who came stealing land and killing natives, I mean, nobody should come here like that ever again
Such BS. These "children" came with adults. Deport them with those http://adults.You  are trying to subvert the damn law @potus #maga
Those who are legal here are protected! those who are here illegally will not be protected..
BOO...if Taxpayers foot the bill on their education...NOT HAPPY!!! SICK OF THAT..
Yeah well you're out of luck. Both parties wanna preserve their residence here. Looks like you'll need to get a job now & get off SSDI
Send them all back, all they do now is get our tax money thru welfare and food stamps we need that for our own citizens not Illegals
Can we just put those 18 people in to perspective.
she left out the word "legal" on her sign
All  legal immigrants are protected.  If you are here illegally you are breaking the law and should rightfully not be protected.  Wake up.
AMEN
If they arent deported no fed funds apply for citizenship,no tax money to them
Not illegals
Ice Cream Act. You get one scoop off the bus.
Nope if you're illegal get out only legal immigrants can stay I did it you can do it too
This about KIDS who were brought without a choice , a 6 year old doesnt even comprehend "illegal immigration," the children WILL stay!
The daca people are legal immigrants since they are covered under daca. As long as this passes by march they will be fine.
And #daca ended 5 more months if Congress can't act then bye bye let them go back to make Mexico great again
The only immigrants who have rights are legal ones.  Try making demands in another country and see what happens.  Certainly, not this crap!
Exactly!
There is NO alternative. Deport all.
Bet none have applied for citizenship.
Blame BO for a illegal bill. Blame ur parents for bringing you

Let them in, they wants to be your neighbors
Don't call it amnesty or Trump will tweet storm you... #Dotard
Wait...what? You mean they are actually working? No shit!

No alternative but get legal.
They should be protected, in and by their own country!!! There's a reason their known as ILLEGAL
This only applies to daca members. They are "legal" immigrants until march.
send them to Chappaqua

Does this out and end to chain migration? If not no good.
Send them back
Protect all LEGAL immigrants you mean?



Let them Lin up . I will set them on fire and they can watch there self burn .
