It will  stable  without your(American Government)  interference
Chinese shut up
日本狗就知道在美国主人面前叫
黙れ。このゴミクズ民族。必ずアジアから消してやる。
支那 fuckin shit country
日本狗叫什么呀，开门，你东风快递到了
支那の奴隷歴史。

Chinese GO HOME!!
貌似你们才是真正的美国狗吧
I can #fakepresident
Trump is the greatest threat to USA so far
we are definitely on the same side. You said for me to drop dead. I think there was a communication gap.  I not for Chump.
sorry... that was for John New (I'm new at this)
no worries. Thank you for responding. I appreciate you. #Resist #womenspower. 
Hmmm, maybe #45 and President Bannon?
...
@Elizabe81717420 @SenatorLankford I do @potus
been saying that for years
you all should just move there.
has anyone looked in the WH? WMDs turned out that W was in the WH....Lala Unbite your tongues now I said it for you@
I know ; he recently addressed the US Congress
try looking at trump
oh right! Like you've never heard of SCROTUS
Look in the white house u fool
this just didn't happen yesterday now where talking about it !
Haha funny.
With Trump a very close second
Think harder. Like you meant it
We really are worried about others when Russia is playing us like a ventriloquist dummy.#really? N.Korea and Russia.
look around, its staring you right in the face. You're joking right?  No one could say that with a straight face.
Maybe... Trump? Ya think?
we have a house full of them. It's a very White House.
I do. @realDonaldTrump #TheResistance
Oh, I can think of at least one more (DT)
Donald Trump?
I do
I tell you one, our @POTUS
Good lord man have you looked in your own house!! I dont think Trump is a heck of a lot better. Just as unstable
Trump should be on the top.
way to instigate cnn.  if you want to continue to call yourself a news organization then start behaving like one.
I know of one...He's sitting in the White House...
Well, what about the orange clown
maxine waters would shout out trump, but that is all she has.
I do....the United States
sure you do; POTUS.
I do and his name is orange freaking cheeto man
#TRUMP says, "Hold my beer..."
Really, have you met the Donald!

#RESISTANCE
I know of at least ONE...
that statement is the epitome of ignorance. I prefer knowing deceit over blind ingorance. The former can be addressed.
are you counting @realDonaldTrump
Really??? Better take another look at the US president!!!
oh I think you do, aryan
I do. 45
Is he here all week?
pretty sure the rest of the world does
mmhh, just a stab in he dark but how about.. Trump. He's as unstable as they get and he wants more weapons
We do!!! Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
AND TRUMP!
have you met the US pres?
You sir are an embarrassment   to all Oklahomans. Just stop talking. So-called Christian Republicans = Hypocrite.
I beg to differ... scary as hell thinking about Trump having his finger on the button.
How about President Trump?
where is his party armband?
you don't know of even one? #Delusional
I do.....and it's pretty scary that he is at the helm of the US
We have a close second here in the US.
@realDonaldTrump Seems very unstable. Last nights speech was proof.
Trump is on the same league and he doesn't take responsibility for his decisions.
Pretty sure most of us know at least one.
// Except ours
So Russia has them all completely brainwashed.
I do!  Some people call him 45.
hello! Have you met Donald Trump?
Probably true; but we all know who is in second place.
Trump if not as unstable a close 2nd
that man is a nutjob n needs to b stopped
Why is north korea more unstable then trumps América , i trust more on Iran and North korea then your fk oil democracy
Really? @SenatorLankford Try @POTUS. He's the most dangerous man in the world.
Ummm... @realDonaldTrump ?
ummm how's about America??
I can think of a couple
Trump. That leader is @realdonaldtrump
I do. Us.
right bet the Trump he's bat shit crazy too
How about your own leader? The world is more worried about HIM to be honest.
Really???  I know one...
I do - Trump. He's as unstable as all get out.
I do now! Guess who?
Ummm, Trump!
I could think of one...
True
Uh I could think of one!
I do! The U.S!
Trump a close second and gaining.
I no one
Really...?  You can't think of another?  Hint: rhymes with dump...
except maybe ours
that one from America.
well actually....
Really? No other "leader"? Not a single one? A certain name doesn't immediately spring to mind?
Well that was lobbing in a softball to the internet.
TRUMP RUSSIA! they are trying to consolidate power with a world war
seriously? I'm pretty sure you were probably applauding for him just last night.
Ummm.  I can think of one.
I know who is a close second
, we can stay " in- country" & quickly come up with one.
Sure u are still living in 2016, open your mind dude. @realDonaldTrump is d most unstable leader in d world right now.
i know one and his name DJT
The United States does
Ummmmm......I can think of one more leader who is off his rocker and his initials are D.T.
, @realDonaldTrump is a close 2nd.
hmm..Let me think..Wait,wait..It will come to me. Got it!! The united States!!
.@CNN @SenatorLankford Our own @POTUS ?
ummmm trump ?
I do. Trump. @POTUS unstable and scary with access to nukes.
goes from blaming Russia to Trumps gonna start a nuclear war
try America!
North Korea doesn't have intercontinental missiles. How are they a danger to US
OURS
I do... I do...  @realDonaldTrump
True
What about the US?
I know one! At 1600 PA Ave
Hello, we have one right in front of your nose!
we may be getting close
Perhaps. But @realDonaldTrump could run a close second.
Umm, I might know one...
ha trump has made progress!! it used to be him :D
ooh! Ooh! (hand raised). I do!!
I do.... @realDonaldTrump
Ummm.. I know one. His name is Donald.
really? No one? 
I do... His name is Trump.
Donald Trump is a close second.
how about in your own backyard?
Think really, really hard Senator - no other unstable leader with nukes? (Hint: he addressed Congress last night)
@Elizabe81717420 @SenatorLankford I do, I do!!!
Yes, he's a real winner. Very classy and Presidential!
Ask any educated American
can't believe it! CNN reporting real news! Thank you that's very refreshing! And thank you Mr Lankford Okla is proud!
Are you kidding?Look at our #CheetoInChief he's at least unstable as  Mar-a-Lago will be where he pushes the button!
Trump is up there for sure!
think harder senator
how about mentally unstable tfump?
I do
How about Traitor Dump + POTUS Bannon ?
Senator Lankford. The biggest threat to our country is Russia. Nothing to do with nukes, but infiltration in our govt.
how about U S ?
I think of one right off hand...
I know of one: Trump.
well I can think of one a lot closer to home!
His name is Trump
DT's got the keys to ours...
Uh, @realDonaldTrump is just as scary to most of the US citizens. You know, the 75% who didn't vote for him.
I can think of one.  Pretty close to home as a matter of fact.
same leader who just use carfentanyl on his 1/2 brother in a crowded airport! Should have been more damage from this!
(2) Might make @realDonaldTrump seem half sane
I know, I know! (Wildly waving hand in air)  Trump!
Right and he paid a couple #masseuses $90 to off his half brother with a poisoned washcloth
Yeah there may be another fat sociopath with ridiculous hair and access to nukes. Try looking around a bit.
Our so-called president comes in a close second.
There is such a thing as being too close to the forest...
LMAO!    Look no further than the Oval Office.
Really have you been to the white house Or listened to anything that's been said from the POTUS?
Trump?
