Says the senator about to vote to increase the deficit all while letting corporations and billionaires pay less. 
Then vote NO on the tax bill, or be labeled a hypocrite.
Are you kidding us with voting yes to a tax bill that is a handout to the rich and explodes the deficit 1.4 TRILLION dollars?!?
Is it hard being this big of a hypocrite and liar or does it come easy? Last I heard, lesbian democrats are winning elections in Oklahoma. I'd be worried if I were you.
Thanks for adding a trillion or 2 with your #TaxScamBill
Please never act like you care about the national debt again. Your tax plan is an abomination.
Another total phony.  Is this what you voted for conservatives?
You have ZERO credibility! You're about to cut taxes on the rich which ALL economists say will add to this #debt and you could care less because that's what whores do.
Cut revenue so it never gets paid. Money is meaningless now.
How do you walk around and not spontaneously burst into flames?
Hey, bruh. Anything going on tonight?
And you’re going to approve that #GOPTaxReformScam?  And add what trillions to it?  #Hypocrisy
So I assume you are voting against the tax bill which will add another trillion or so to the total, right?
I HOPE YOU DIE YOU FUCKING HYPOCRITE!
I can’t believe you voted for this bill KNOWING that the deficit will only get worse. But, guess you’ll keep your big donors and whatnot. #taxscam
you are about to pick the pockets of working Americans, retirees, veterans, parents, teachers, and students... just to hand money to the ultra-rich, and add $1 TRILLION to the deficit. take a stand and prove that your words mean something. vote NO on this #TaxScamBill
Yeah...and yet you support adding at least another trillion to it!  Spare us the crocodile tears.
Yet y'all keep doing a CR with obama giving him an extra $900 billion each year with no accountability.
Instead of taking a vacation every other week Congress should be working to pass Trump's agenda!
Can't wait for old Baby Boomers to have their social security and Medicare cut because there should be consequences for voting against your own interests.
You’re going to increase it so rich can get more $. Corp shareholders get more $. Mid class and poor screwed. You know that. Thanks to party of putin
Wow, I was not expecting to see this hand-wringing from you untilAFTER (and if) this disaster of a bill passes. 
I know you just cannot *wait* to decimate entitlement programs for the sake of your wealthy donors. You know, your TRUE constituents. 
Take your concern and stick it.
You’re just another bought and sold politician. Pathetic pawn of the 1%
So, you are going to vote against this tax bill to prevent it from going up even higher, right??
Then why are you voting for this #TaxScamBill ?!?! For real.
Whoa - then you should probably not vote for this steaming pile of dung tonight. No time to read all 479 pages after all.....
<breath>  Jimmy you crack me up
Fumbles?  Have you read the #TaxBill? Assuming you have = you’re a phony
And you Sir, are complicit. You and all of the filthy, traitorous hypocrites in the GOP caucus will be sporting tar-and-feathers before long if you vote for this travesty of a tax bill.
And you are going to add another trillion plus.  Don’t you realize how hypocritical that is?
Are you seriously talking about travesty while at same time voting for an extra trillion in deficits?
SMH.  We should put @DaveRamsey in charge of our government monies. We'd be debt free asap!
HAHAHAHAHA.   NO
You going to make the debt 100 times more but donors and greed for campaign dollars So skip that you care about the debt You don't care
Got bad news for you buddy
So why are you voting for the #TaxBill? Lining your own pockets at the expense of your constituents 
That’s the true travesty
How are you feeling about the deficit today? Your tax plan increased the deficit by another $1 trillion. You’re ok with that as long as your major donors get a tax break? #GOPTaxScam
If it makes you so sad, you should vote against this travesty of a tax bill.
Like you actually care. Have you read your tax bill?

#liar
And you are going to vote yes to increase the deficit by over a Trillion today, to give #TraitorTrump a tax cut????
What’s another $1.4 trillion? Right @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @GOP
You too @SenBobCorker @JeffFlake

wait til you hear about the tax bill you're about to vote for https://twitter.com/SenatorLankford/status/907379809071878145 …
Let's raise it another $1.5 trillion, right??
But Tax cuts.
$135B yr for illegal aliens,average $8K each,$25K in NY http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2635757  

PAY ILLEGAL ALIEN DACA BULL
TILLIS KNEELS
OUR KIDS MATTER
Keep going to the end.
And you’re doing what about it?
CAPITOL HILL IS ADDICTED TO TAXES! & SPENDING...
Debt is bad so is OVER spending Congress is the TRAVESTY. How about a BILL for TERM LIMITS for CONGRESS? How do y'all become wealthy there?
At least Oklahoma has its finances in order
OBSTRUCTIONIST McConnell needs to STEP DOWN as Maj Leader!!! What the hell is wrong with you people???? He's the Bankers B^^CH!
HD46 (west Norman & Noble): Go #VOTE for JACOB ROSECRANTS TODAY.  friends in district, RT DM. #SavePublicEd #ElectATeacher #OklaEd #OKleg
Will you commit to not giving any tax breaks to those with over $200,000 without balancing by ending welfare for rich businesses?
I agree.  Does this mean that you support the policies of Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, both of whom decreased the deficit substantially?
Get the American companies money back from overseas. Do what needs to be done to get more jobs back in America.
And you still support McConnel??
So what are you doing to reduce spending except talking about it??
Tax the rich and the corporations. You know how to reduce it. Man up.
Get busy and fix it !!!!
Cut the President's budget to his own properties. 

Oh, and there are people willing to do your job right.
Your fault that Hurricanes hit . Next time you won't vote Trump. I'm being sarcastic as hell.
Then maybe we shouldn't have blown the surplus & put all our War spending on a credit card
I have a suggestion- Do your job and do something about it
With all the storm damage, it will be going higher.
If we went back to Eisenhower era tax we could pay off the debt and build things. The economy was great. Let's raise taxes across the board.
Get 45 out of the WH!! his trillions on a freaking wall is outrageous!! Build sea walls not hate walls
Well You helped put it there. Don't stop now that you finally get to do something about infrastructure and defense.  That's your job.
That $20 trillion figure is what "THEY" tell us. Figures can't lie but liars can figure.
Why worried? You don't give a schitt. You don't even talk to people
So,I guess this means no border wall!!
Yup- our government has a major spending problem. We have been telling you that for years.
OMG you are so frustrating. This happened on your watch while you transformed into a do-nothing Establishment Rino. You did this.
Ever heard of PAYGO?
Atta Boy @BarackObama thanks for taking and not giving anything AT ALL #Pos...#CantfixStupid # anti-American
Except obama was the only leading dem. Repubs controlled house and senate for 6 years of his presidency. So whos the real culprit?
Isn't the digital age awesome? It allows "we the people" to call you out on your pandering. When your opponent brings it up next cycle...
That's the travesty that bothers you lately??
Today people in Houston TX and all over the state of Florida. Not to mention the Caribbean islands and you're talking about debt. SHAMEFUL
Good think Trump help limit borrowing to only 3 months rather then 12 months like McConnell and Ryan wanted.
Thanks but what are you doing to reduce the debt and cut spending?
Senator Lankford, how does it feel to have Gary England's flag planted smack dab in the middle of your field?
Stop  publishing idiotic tweets. The real Americans know the gig the neocons are running in DC.   Time is up for them and the globalist
Same sh$t. Different party in charge.  Oh wait.  They are the same neocon party. #MAGA
10 B of that was with 8 years with Obama.
Except obama was the only leading dem. Repubs controlled the house and senate for 6 years of obamas presidency. Whos the real culprit?
You are too blame. At least a little. Am I right.  Neocon or populist.  Pick a side.
But don't the repubs have the senate/house?  So why don't you all do something about it?
Gosh I love you...you tell um
Raise taxes or cut spending, or both, just don't have an unending unpaid for war, oh wait...
This must stop
And Congress does nothing about it
So cut taxes? Right?
No thanks to the Obama Cartel.

@SenateMajLdr  needs replaced.

No, it's not a "travesty." Please focus your attention on helping people, like those with real problems caused by global warming, 4 example.
So why are you and the GOP supporting tax cuts?  Beats the hell out of me.
Because tax revenue is actually above the historical norm. We have a spending problem, not a revenue one.
Go back and dig a little deeper on that one. Consider different benchmarks against which increases in tax revenues are measured.
There hasn't been collapsing revenue; the cause of the debt is higher spending. http://bit.ly/2hFDgHP 
Hey sooooooo let's build a 2000 mile wall that will satisfy 34% of the population!

A map of unsubstantiated "costs" doesn't show offsets paid in the form of sales tax and local purchases by 11 million consumers.
Let's do a thought experiment... 
What if all est.11 million people just left the USA at once?
Data shows that most undocumented adults work full-time. They are forced by their status to spend most or all of their income to survive.
11 million consumers suddenly not buying groceries, cars, clothing, TVs, and eating at local restaurants. 
Their economic value goes "home"
Suddenly local hotels, restaurants, landscaping services, construction business, and agriculture MUST replace workers with legal citizens
Many of the those industries find that Americans won't pick fruit and vegetables for less than $20 per hour AND they want health insurance!
Very bad! But Zero excuse to vote no on hurricane relief!
The debt is trillions higher than that & when you figure out that "THEY" print all the money they want I will award you an A+ in #Economics.
If we just print money why do we need to borrow, oh, to prevent dollar being like peso's
Bigger travesty is that GOP leadership hasn't assured Am. public that they will check the the powers of POTUS the con man.
feel free to take a paycut anyday now....
It will go higher as you pass tax cuts and continue to deny climate change.  Fix the underlying issues, don't take it out on the needy.
You are part of the problem!! Each and every member of congress should be ashamed of themselves.
The debt ceiling is a meaningless political ploy.
Especially when you consider the amount of money that has been spent on the President playing golf;and all the wasted time discussing a wall
Yea before Trump is was like $36 bucks or something
Giving tax cuts to the rich will help how? Trickle down has been dis-proven, so don't you dare say that!
Disproven how?  Who creates jobs?  Tax cuts spur the economy every time its tried.  Tax the poor...they pay nothing.
The READ THE BILLS you keep voting for! You're part of the problem. Ask @RandPaul for his footnotes, if you can't be bothered.
So why are you still trying to pay back your big oil donors with huge tax cuts?? What a phoney!!
Yet y'all just keep right on screwing the tax payer. Stop spending more than you have. Stop making everything under the sun an entitlement
You want to cut inheritance taxes.... taxes that impact no one who has less than $5M in assets. This will INCREASTE the #debtceiling FAST.
On the Republican's watch. Imagine what GOP would say if Dem was in WH
#CountryOverParty
FALSE TWEET: IGNORES UNBUDGETED OBLIGATIONS INCURRED - MORE LIKE $150 TRILLION.
Source?
Get a 6-yr-old neighbor to show you where the "debt clock" website is... See "unfunded liabilities"...
I know it's the Internet but you don't have to be a dick in every comment, some people actually are trying to converse
Guess what, you own it.... 
How much did .@realDonaldTrump waste at Mar-A-Lago and Bedminster?
You stood silent as he burned through our tax dollars. You fight fair taxation for the wealthy. You own it.
And that debt literally never has to be paid off. We have been rolling over the same debt constantly since 1835. Why is this a problem now?
Disagree. Spending and Income need to be related, but Trickle Down Economics does not work....yet the GOP continue to push the failed theory
Raise those taxes to pay it down then. You're planning to do the *opposite*
Or cut services
Yes, but biggest chunk are Medicare/SS that will never be cut. Impossible 'to cut' our away from this.
They should just adopt the recommendations of the bipartisan budget commission set up a while ago, but both parties disliked it- of course 
Hi James. I've got a list of things to cut. DM me. Might cost you a few votes though but I think you will agree it's worth it.
