@SenatorLankford if you really believe that speak up to your GOP president and party members.
No need, they are on same page contrary to mainstream media and Dems looking to score political points. But U b a sheep and believe that BS.
Turn off Hannity and put down Breitbart for a minute and look at the facts
Facts? Such as? U have facts? Let's hear them.
But people like you don't care about facts. You want to put on a #MAGA hat and call it a day.
No, I voted for Cruz. No way in hell was I voting for Hilly. @POTUS has done a decent job. Far better than Hilly could have.
Keep defending Trump:
I don't have to defend him. Nothing to defend.
Amen!  But this doesn't mean celebrating Nazis.  Please call out POTUS on this point.
When did POTUS celebrate Nazi? He said "ALL" violence condemned. Should he have got a list and named names? Just like MAGA for all Americans
The left was not being violent. The left was protesting hate.
Nonsense, complete and utter
Are you insane or just too stubborn to admit your side has been infiltrated by violent Nazi's?
Not my side. Nazis don't nor ever have had a place in GOP. Stop believing all the BS left and media tell u.
No let's talk about antifa and your side. U guys condemning them? No?  Well there u go.
You've got some nerve talking about 'engaging' when you won't even schedule a townhall after NUMEROUS requests. #WhereIsLankford
I think he would if there was a small chance the meeting would be productive & not a yelling match. No1 wins in a forum like that.
Stop it. That's a worthless defense. He chose to be a senator to represent OK, not hide in DC.
Listening skills are important.
So is comprehension.
It is very difficult for marginalized communities to engage when they do not feel safe and valued.
The First and Second Amendment makes these communities feel less safe. Americans keeping more of their money makes them feel less safe.
So the question is why should we tolerate these communities in the first place? Why should I put one more rock in my ruck for these people?
Because "these people" are fellow Americans and fellow human beings.  The Constitution guarantees equal protection.
I have no obligation to treat as countrymen any who refuse to extend the same courtesy to me and mine. To hell with them all.
Already divided. Thanks Obama!
Did you have lunch with a diverse group of people today? Looking at your timeline he is talking to you...
Actually, we just need to stop talking about all diversity.  "You want to defeat racism? Stop talking about it." - Morgan Freeman
No.
This is hilarious.  No is the only answer you could come up with because you can't think of anything good that comes from talking bout it
Your solution Sunday is a joke. Who doesn't regularly eat with people of another race? If that's an option for you, check your privilege.
Good luck with that. The left wouldn't have any votes if they didn't use race to divide.
Now here is a hero from today:
This is Imani, from CT. She just escorted Trump supporters through a crowd as a situation escalated. Here's why in her words: 
Equality for all does not mean less equality for some.
 whatever the hell that means.
It means Dan, equal is equal. But taking healthcare away from others means they are not equal. It ain't that hard.
Also, diversity needs to not just be with you black republican representative. Try a democrat and I will believe you then...
We will NOT celebrate Nazis ever!! They have no room in society!
Well it's a good thing Nazi's do not live here. Facist on the other hand R easy to see they wear all black #Antifa r Terrorist.
This is one confusing tweet...  and do I look anti-fascist? You coin a phrase that means then you love fascism...  why do you  fascism?
It's hard to do when POTUS calls out " bad dudes" no respect from the top I can grab...
You do know that David Duke condemned President Trump last week. How can POTUS Trump have done something so bad when he has drawn DD's err.
When the @GOP are still complacent and accepting the Republican party can't hide behind sheets..We know who you are!!
How was lunch?? Is everything all fixed now?
We should also have common sense Senator. I think we just keep preaching to the choir, cause Libs ain't listening! (Okla.grammar) #sorry
I'm listening. What do you have? As a middle aged white guy, the only ones I don't want to hang out with is your kind. Hypocrites.
You left out her emails. Oh and Obama. Try this again and you can continue winning....
Please speak out against the white supremicists in the White House. There is no place for that in our country. I live in ok and I vote.
I live in OK and I vote cancels your ill-informed vote.
Doesn't cancel mine.
Looks like the only thing being celebrated is America's past being erased.  Burning books will be next.
No one wants to destroy anything. There is a difference between remembering and celebrating. Does Germany celebrate Hitler?
No they do not because unlike USA, Germany learned their lesson: hate is not the answer!!!
This is good. Thank you, Senator. Please follow these words with action. What legislation will you support to address systemic racism?
The gentleman on your opinion stated it eloquently and was spot on His name is Lance please read it..fits perfectly!!
How about working on healthcare, tax reform immigration and then we will some to celebrate Please do your job quit doing media sound bites
Yes, you & fellow senators promised reform "when you had a majority."  Now you have a majority and should deliver on what you promised!
Nah. They suck and will fuck up the USA.
Call the president out by name like you do with Obamacare. Don't be cowardly.
There ya go.
#IStandWithTrump We need to learn to respectfully speak to one another & most importantly we need to listen. We are American's 1st.
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/347258-evangelical-students-returning-university-diplomas-to-protest-trump … Will you back Jerry Falwell or God? you can't be both a racist and a Christian
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/347258-evangelical-students-returning-university-diplomas-to-protest-trump … are you returning yours? Course not!! You are just as complacent.
Couldn't agree more, that starts with you, Congress, the President leading as examples. Are you holding town halls? Engaged in conversation
"lovely people" now code for those who think equality doesn't apply to  everyone. trying to update my dictionary according to Republicans
I'm going to choose to stop listening to you. You are becoming ineffective.
You & fellow GOP should refute Dem lies instead of silence. We are unprotected by y'all-so we elected @realDonaldTrump.  He speaks for us.
Why can't you have this conversation with @realDonaldTrump instead of being complicit to his bigotry?
Awesome! First for Gop to heal country is confessing for sin of #GOPSouthernStrategy whose ONLY purpose was to win GOP votes by dividing
LANGFORD is a HUGE TRUMP SUPPORTER and does whatever Trump says...even tried to take away healthcare when the boss told him to...
are Ryan. McConnnell  & you going to say anything about Trumps racist comments or are you afraid of losiing the KKK endorsement?
Tell Donald and mirror ... mirror on R party...
I appreciate you.  You work to make
us one as we should be.  Lead on.
You Congressmen & Senators in both houses need to take CONTROL! It appears Chuck Schumer & Nancy Pelosi are running them n setting z AGENDA!
Bro, using ethnicity as a wedge has been the core activity of your party since the 1960s. Don't be ridiculous.
We should also call out the POTUS by name for enabling white supremacists.  Why are Republicans in Congress not outraged? #Trump #Unfit
http://bipartisanreport.com/2017/08/19/trump-administration-caught-asking-sheriffs-to-illegally-detain-immigrants/ … When You speak one thing and another happens that is called a Lie..You and ur Fuhrer are "cleansing" my USA. Liar!!
I'm hoping this is coming from a genuine place, but it's actually just coming across as flippant and elitist
Prove it reach across the aisle pass legislation with input from both side debate in public get it done
I fix it for ya...The President should engage...
Why just "ethnic diversity"?  What about Racial (it's different)? Religious diversity? Sexual diversity? Neuro-diversity?  Gender diversity?
Great point!
We should all be supporting our great POTUS. Those that do not are the ones causing & facilitating violence & disavowing the 1st Amendment.
Like Michael Jackson said - "It don't matter if your black or white"

But we have a society that bashed our President for denouncing ALL hate groups! ALL violence! Even conservatives jumped on! Disgusting!
Inspirationally candid & honest. Yoga greeting Namaste: I bow to (honor) the divine within you. Mindfulness & kindness.  #Namaste Senator
Blah blah blah...
Keep hope alive, Senator
Thank you, Love never turns away!
Tell that to your president.
How about religious diversity, as well, sir?
How about we just ignore it cause race doesn't matter, individuals do.
Also, talking to other races is something you should just automatically do lol. We don't need a special Sunday dinner for it, that's cringe.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Tell it to the man at the center of the KK/NAZI/White is right members.  Tweeting in the wind=coward
Until you will publicly denounce Trump for creating racial division, your words ring hollow. Stand up to Trump.

Why wasn't y'all coward little rino's telling obama that.
