Will there also be special investigation on hillary Dnc clintons foundation seth rich death leaking info to WikiLeaks
Lol
Man, all the trolls love to say is whatabout hillary, only song they sing
Right?! This is happening because of Trump's actions, nothing to with her.
The Russians hacking is because of Trump? What about Seth Rich? Isn't it possible that he sent Wiki leaks the info that Russia is blamed for
You are either a troll or tricked by them likeva fool
It's been there all along but the media won't report on it. It's more plausible then the Russian hacking.
You probably also think pizzagate was true too. There is BI-partisan support for the russian hacking reports. Explain that.
What a joke. Russia is nothing but a scapegoat. You all are in on it and are going to pay dearly for it very soon. We are done with you!
That's nice. Go have a nap. Maybe you'll wake up smarter. Maybe. But you're definitely gonna need the rest for what's coming, little lamb.
Awe poor Brenda didn't get her fiber today. Guess you are cranky. Well just remember no matter what you're doing HillaRY LOST. AWE AWE AWE!!
Good! Bring it on! Un afraid! MAGA!
... the words we use and throw around. Just think of "what comes next?" Anarchists don't care, and use the hate to feed their agenda.
Let's just make it simple.... where is the evidence??
Um.. that's what the special counsel is for?
ummmm the investigation should have been based on evidence in the first place - hellllllooooo :-)
It's literally like talking to a wall.
Sure - so on a different note I'm just noticing how strikingly similar you & the Senator Lankford look.
I'm so sick & tired of pathetic no balls Republican kiss ass goodie goodies helping Democrats with their lies & corruption. Grow a pair!
Don't be scared to mention this suspicious activities of those associated with the Trump campaign
Fox News is Fake News. You demean yourself by associating yourself with them.
Be very cardful @SenatorLankford .. If you become an instrument of the radical left at help bring down POTUS. It will end your GOP career
“@FoxNews: @SenatorLankford: "We have to able to look at the actions of Russia & what they did against us." #SpecialReport”
Investigate death of #sethrich. Russian narrative is dead. Prosecute the traitors. We are tired of waiting for justice!
Yes what about Hilary her private server the man she left to die in bagazi the Clinton foundation?  What about Hilary?
Why didn't DNC allow FBI to examine servers? Was it Russian hacking? Someone using leaked tools? Or http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/16/slain-dnc-staffer-had-contact-with-wikileaks-investigator-says.html …
Largely a media driven narrative. They are in business to attract an audience. If nothing were happening, they wouldn't have many viewers!
Rassiuns didn't do nothing, they try to negotiate with Trump how they can deal with Isis and Korea.
Stop wasting your time talking or responding to the left. They want a fight then let blows decide.
Another Swamp Repub with no backbone. Who is manipulating you? You have no love for this republic, as does @POTUS.
#morewillberevealed
Advertising pays well to networks. Clinton campaign dropped over a billion$. Bought politician? Hmm. Trump largely funded himself. 100mill
Plus who unmasked Flynn  who of repub candidates did Obama spy upon lots of questions I want!
Russia had nothing to do with my vote Against Hillary Clinton! !!!! Patriotism did !
Yeah let's see how much more they gave to the Clintons - betcha Bill was getting bjs in the Kremlin
@MaxineWaters said over Clinton impeachment"how can our brave men & women defend our country when their commander & chief is under investig"
Is only another big nothing burger for the snowflakes. They can't get enough of them.Wonder what next narrative will be?Alien collusion? Lol
Just freaking stop helping the damn Democrats. What the hell is wrong with you?  You need to figure out what team your on or get out!
Oh Gawd, THE RUSSIANS, THE RUSSIANS. Hillary's excuse to her big donors. The press is following it like a dog after a bitch.
No what you want to is investigate and spend more of the tax payers hard own money on useless investigations. Idiots!!!!
This whole Russia thing is hogwash
Quit towing the Democrat party line you RINO. Try standing up for your President. Truly pathetic.
Let's start with the facts. Election results were not impacted. Next. Govt. not hacked. Next. Private citizens and dnc private club exposed
Stop whining and start leading
You're going to be voted out, sir. Sit down.
hopefully @TuckerCarlson doesn't get to interview him
... in coordination with the DJT campaign.
Yep that's gotta be REAL important with all that's going on and all it's gonna cost.  I'm sure the results are gonna solve alota problems
Next investigate the Democrats for the RUSSIA story they been pushing since before the election, seems they have skeletons hiding???
If they did anything
Russia,Comey, Media, Dems and Republicans I feel like the we have a bad flu that just wont go away. Do they make a pill for this  pls.
Thank God Fox News and the Russians back President Trump. Together, they'll help the President defeat normal America. Amen
Not one word from the left about Obama/Hillary and the Russians. What a bunch of jerks.
Let me put it in plain terms, "The Russians ain't done nothing" It's all a Democrat Lie. Plain and simple !!!!
We will find it was Obama not Russia who taped Americans taped repub candidates & still is resisting!
Blind to the actions of Hillary and Obama that require prosecution sooner than later.
You are now on the list with @justinamash @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake to be primaried next election..gone

Enough with this bullshit the American people have had it with these fake accusations when we need so much to fix this country stop it
You should investigate Hillary / Bill C/ Podesta/Obama for real this time there free pass should be over & the DNC for Seth Rich
How nicely you covered who should be investigated. Looks like those you named outsmarted everyone. Pathetic huh ?
I hope he investigate the entired congress, hillary, media outlets, former obama officals, the leakers, and russia. @realDonaldTrump  @FBI
Is it a waste of money. Will the findings be the end?
R Mueller is a great choice! Dems/Republicans can't have a problem. Can Senate/House now go back to running country instead of their mouths?
Hillary's sick pedo boys the Podesta brothers got millions from Russia and nothing done about that??? Or Seth Rich??
Why skip  Clinton didnt hear u carrying on about that private server when are u and ur fellow senators going 2get 2work on the ppls business
Who gives a crap already. OMG no one cares ! this is all BS and fake news and is so boring I could literally stab myself listening to this !
Continue to point the finger at Russia and ignore the crimes committed by Hillary and the DNC...
The Russian scam was created to detract fr. the lunacy that was revealed by the DNC emails.
All the facts were there but nothing was done by government
WHERE IS THE INVESTIGATION OF SETH RICH MURDER 
verball crap what about the 3000 nukes they have or is gossip more dangerous? #Duhnewsmedia
Why was all hillarys scandals not truthfully investigated by comey
This has nothing to do with Russia.  It's all about getting P. Trump.  Are tax dollars being spent on this never ending process?
@TeamTrump @WhiteHouse @SenatorLankford ok continue wasting money &getting nothing done, we'll play along,not like we have a choice
If the helped trump win or Hilary lose or both I'm o.k. Russia has failed in most they do, most likely they tried to help Hillary win 
You have been for 2 freaking years and you've got nothing!!!
DITTO. LANKFORD is another deadbeat career do nothing.
Oh boy more money going to stupid stuff. You should go back 50 years because we have hearing this a long long time. Voted Trump. Wanted to.
@SenatorLankford  go back to your safe space.
There is no evidence just innuendo. Quit giving Dems what they want. We won! Now start acting like it.
Because we need "no evidence of collusion" stated over and over and over and over and over and over?  If it will shut them up, let's do.
Bull crap
To be fair shouldn't both sides be under investigation to see why democrats lost and won't let it go
We have to look at the President, his family and friends and see how they are beholden to Mother Russia!
RYAN SAID THEIRS NOTHING TO LOOK AT WITH CONCERNS TO RUSSIA & TRUMP CONNECTION YET!
U asked for it u got it now let's see just how deep the democrats are involved in the Russia issue i warned you becareful what you wished 4
It was Mr. Rich that spilled the beans, not Russia. You lot already know that. Seditious creatures trying to remove our President.
Who is looking into Hillary Clinton's Russian connection Leaking information when she sold uranium to Russia?Jail Hillary Clinton!
Most boring job in your life Mr Robert Mueller....
Why was fbi denied access to dnc
No prob is needed! Stop waisting time & money!
Will investigater be looking into Soros and foreign funding from hillarys campaign deleted emails smashed cell phones and cover ups
Russia did so much less to hurt our national security than Hillary Clinton. Clinton's email system is on the level of Snowden and Manning
"Did against us" ...Did for us they brought the truth to light. The people got to see what was really going on!
Collusion was Obama,  hill, dems and RINOS ..  Hillary was the given and none of their corruption was going to be an issue  but she LOST

How about Hillarys crimes
Love this guy, Sen. Lankford.
Stabd strong @POTUS @realDonaldTrump the swamp monsters don't handle being drained well - they are coming for you but we know you'll prevail
FOXNews reporting is complicit to treason FOXNews supported and covered up sexual-harassment in the workplace
Trump should cancel that trip.
They may handcuff him when he gets back.
Lol
Special counsel need also along with Obama and Hillary corruption in the election, you dirty dogs!
What did Russia do? Expose the lies of Clinton and dnc? #cnn
@BretBaier I see you're now pre-booking lawmakers so you can play right into those suckering you into the 5:30-8:00 fake news cycle.
If comey felt someone was trying to pressure him he's had no problem finding the microphone on national tv before
Aren't we all tired of hearing we have to  we have to we have to do what they have no proof what r they investigating please explain.E mails
Where's @TGowdySC? Let him head the Comey/Russia bs he'll get down through it ina day.. lol
get out of your panties Langford the entire goosechase is a sham that will bury you and slimeball MSM & Comey
We should have known the Russian story was a scam when the DNC refused  to let the FBI examine the server but told us it was hacked
Democrats r their own worst enemy..they did it to themselves and have turned dnc into fascist headquarters..MAGA still around more than ever
Probably haven't done anything they haven't tried over the past 70 yrs. #
How many swamp monsters does it take to get to the middle of a lollipop? I will be shocked if leakers as jailed as they should be
That's fantastic!
This will definitely lead to congress & senate getting work done. 

Downside: Sessions will proceed togo after minorities.
SOMEONE IS BEHIND THE GAME
Don't even watch FOXNews anymore so sick of the Russia Russia Russia story @FoxNews
