This type of ignorance will cause churches to lose their tax exempt status very soon. Perhaps taxing them will solve the debt crisis.
Ignorance? I think the Senator knows of what he speaks according to #SCOTUS: https://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=006554 …
Where did u get ur law degree @ElementHope ?  There's no constitutional provision barring taxes on churches. Only a law. Which will change.
#1stAmendment is clear that the state is not to impose its will on church & visa-versa #SCOTUS interpreted it as such. #Publicknowledge
2/Your assumption is obtuse in that a law degree doesn't grant one the ability to or to not speak in a PUBLIC FORUM. to give you credentials
True. But you are still wrong.
1/ “Wrong” by what standard? #SCOTUS & Constitution protect religious institutions by their inherent identity. Not trying to mince words
Right to tax is constitutional. Right to mandate religious doctrine is not constitutional. Freedom of religious belief is constitutional.
If they are to receive tax $$, then they should pay taxes!
Not according to #SCOTUS https://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=006554 …
Appreciate the honesty . Are you speaking of Joel Olsteen’s church, Lakewood?I can’t speak for them.My thought:Its a very litigious society
Interesting
Charitable works are funded by church donations, which members may claim as deductions. 
That's how it works. 
No double dipping, please.
Well said.
So, what if said church is OBLITERATED by a hurricane, but provides aid...everybody else gets help except them? Seems not well said.
#SCOTUS backs up church's value to American life: https://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=006554 …
When they start paying in taxes, they can receive federal help.

Stop bringing religion into politics & trying to get politics in religion.
Speak not unless you know what you're speaking about: #SCOTUS backs church in: Trinidad v. Sagrada Orden & Walz v. Tax Commission of N.York
Only if they pay taxes
Churches offer services other groups do NOT. #SCOTUS backs tax exemption in: Trinidad v. Sagrada Orden & Walz v. Tax Commission of New York
Like what services?  Several churches  I've visited offer zero community services.
But, churches are NOT like other entities. They are tax-exempt. Stop playing politician & go back to TX if you want to ruin people. #SaveACA
1)He's actually Okla, but your point is still the same. The pols in OK seem 2b trying 2 combine church & state. They just can't decide b/t
2)Baptist, Methodist. Even though the state faces shortcuts, they sue the fed govt so a statue can b on govt grounds. Profit off inprisoning
3)their citizenry. The median income is well below national. It's the politicians that hold this position; not the majority of ppl.
Then they should also be paying taxes.
No on Graham-Cassidy!!! Humanity above party! Be the Christian you say you are, not only a Republican!
You are a joke. You do not represent me or my views and the fact that you even made this post shows how out of touch you really are.
Some will disagree because of separation of church & state.  It is a hard choice but keeping government out of church...
Only if they pay taxes.
Yes, after all they are essentially for-prophet businesses.
Not true sir. #SCOTUS made the call: https://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=006554 …
I think it was a joke - using the word "prophet".
It was a bad pun,  but many megachurches are indeed finding loopholes to profiteer while avoiding taxation.
Mr. Lankford, if you don't deposit money in a bank will they let you withdraw some?
Maybe if they paid their taxes. Ridiculous.
No they should not. They don't pay taxes and should not recoup tax money from those who pay taxes, personal & business! WWJD!
Then they should pay taxes just like everyone else.
Not in the aspect u r speaking of. Aren't they able 2 participate in the NFIP already. Being tax exempt, their charity is just that-charity.
NOT until they pay taxes
I don't pay my taxes to religious organizations. That is a violation of our Constitution. Once they pay taxes, they can file for FEMA help.
Then they should pay taxes like other entities.
Why exactly do houses of worship enjoy tax exempt status? Where are the funds that they collect and save?
What have you done to assist dreamers today?  Jesus would never believe that his church needs $ from gov't, but def supports immigrants.
Can they start paying taxes, too?
You are ignoring your constituents. Comments on Facebook and here are overwhelmingly against this
Tax 'em then we'll talk.
Loved Pres UN speech. Good thing our forefathers were not concerned about PC!!! PASS THE HEALTHCARE BILL! PASS tax reform ASAP


When churches start paying taxes then churches deserve FEMA help. @GOP has lost their minds..
Nope. They don't pay taxes remember? "God" and "prayers" will take care of them plus, only sinners are hurt with natural disasters remember?
It's called charity, and the Bible calls Christians to engage in it.
Will they submit the same financial information as everyone else in order to qualify?
If they want federal or state help, they should pay taxes like the rest of us.
First pay taxes otherwise NO f'ing way
No.
Sure, IF they pay taxes...
Like HELL!   When they pay taxes then they can get government money.  Separation...what part of that don't you understand?

Who asked you to do this?
If you keep up this nonsense and don't take this Graham-Cassidy bill seriously we will hard to vote you out. YOU WORK FOR US NOT YOURSELF!
They don't pay taxes. Focus on removing the maniac in the WH.  Focus on saving the ACA. Vote NO for Graham/Cassidy. COUNTRY OVER PARTY!
So you have zero faith in God's ability to heal His church?  Now I'm glad I've never heard you preach. Such little faith you have.
Other entities pay taxes.
NO!!! No they should not. Are you insane?
So you want houses of worship to receive welfare?
But they don't pay taxes
The idea is you pay taxes to the federal government and then if you need it they provide assistance. No taxes no assistance. Very simple.
How do you square "fiscal responsibility" with saying that FEMA grants should be used for non-emergent things like rebuilding a church?
GOPs have to kill Obamacare to give each of top 1% $80,000/yr tax cuts. GOP  slashes social programs - http://abcn.ws/2tmfJky    via @ABC
No James, only TAX paying entities should get FEMA TAX money.  Dude, tweet about health care not this political nonsense.
Senator this is incorrect However, DACA RECIPIENTS! Should, they actually pay federal taxes. Houses of worship should pay taxes for FEMA!
Yeah, makes sense. 
Nope, if this is the case they should start paying taxes!
Only the Christian ones, right?  
Does this mean that our government will pay for any mosque or temple or "black" church that gets vandalized? Your donors gonna love that...
You want government grants? Start paying some taxes, oh wait, houses of worship are exempt, that makes fiscal sense
No they should not. Parishioners tithe so the church can provide charity. Thus the church is tax exempt. Prosperity gospel is a cancer.
Yeah, who needs separation of church and state.  Not like that would harm churches. Oh wait.
Yeah, life is better with a totally atheist government. It's not like atheists kill. Oh wait…
BTW, are you proud of the President of the United States representing us by throwing juvenile insults around. For God's sake, fix him.
This is absurdly wrong. You are taking your churches down the path to tax obligations. Parishioners pay to support churches, not the citizen
Oh yea sure, Osteen needs a break . What about Macs mattress store, he helped more than the "Christian" millionaire
Umm...I don't think our churches should take the money...even if it is offered.  We need radical independence from the state.
No they shouldn't. More importantly, you should vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
They can start paying their taxes if they want to receive government grants.
HoW are maintained by tax-deductible donations of its users. Drop deduction or drop 501c3 designation altogether.  Then #FEMA grant it up.
And you should vote No on Graham-Cassidy, but you won't. And Oklahomans will live the consequences of your partisan vote. For decades.
As a pastor, I'm not so sure about this. We have insurance and if it's insufficient, it may be providing a new opportunity for the future
No, they shouldn't.
Why not just refund their taxes.... oh, wait.....,
Are they going to start paying taxes on the donations they take in??? The F is wrong with you people??
You misunderstand the purpose of the church in American life. #SCOTUS spoke: Trinidad v. Sagrada Orden https://churchesandtaxes.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=006554 …
Agreed
