It's obviously not a nonpartisan investigation and credibility has been lost. A truly independent investigation is needed.
@marciadillon32 @SenatorLankford That apology had better come stapled to a letter of resignation or its not enough.
What are you Resisting and Persisting and it better be good.
Trump and his Russian overlords.
Hillary lovers are not doing her any favors. The FBI hurt her permanently.
And now they're investigating Trump.
The Dems asked for the investigation.
At least since November.
If he had followed protocol he wouldn't need to apologize, you wouldn't be in the dark and Trump wouldn't be lying still.
Lying still.
I'm not fond of eggs.
noticed when you run out of something intelligent to say give stupid insults.
I noticed you weren't worth my time.
I would be ashamed to speak to a stranger the way you have. what is wrong with you?
I said two innocuous things to you. You have chosen to continue commenting on my thread instead of muting or blocking. So. You're. Blocked.
Thank you.
It clearly is not nonpartisan and an apology doesn't fix that. An #IndependentInvestigation is needed NOW! .@SenatorLankford
Like the one for HC? Tried to run her while an investigation was on going.
@benfelder_okc Ha! Remember when you said there was no evidence of a link? You have lost credibility with us.
Where is a link? Facts Determine the Proof. Not desire to Persist and Resist.
Comey testified there is evidence of #TrumpRussia link.
I watched the same thing. The link was that he hated HC and preferred DT. Or anyone else.
@lgmaterna yeah like hell you do, you people lie about everything
Why was Nunes withholding information, Why is it congress wont censure themselves. You've forgotten who hired you.
@lgmaterna   Shit gonna break today. We need scalps. Tired of Dems breaking the law. And getting away with it.
To happen to the insitution of America, the republican party isnt my party any more. To take from the poor and education
To give to your rich friends and corporations that give nothing back instead stash 1.9 trillion off shore is a travesty.
The devil, and that has consequenses as a constiuent my plan is to organize against any Republican that allows this
An apology isn't enough, and you seem to think that it's okay. What he did is interfere with justice, a cover up.
You leak "intel" to media for politics rather than finding truth. GOP led Intel Cmte is can't be trusted. We need truth.
@MBowmanVOA Apologies are empty it's ACTIONS that speak louder. Cancelling hearings isn't a sign of remorse, it's guilt.
.@SenatorLankford
Oh a special prosecutor is needed, your president is a stain on you and this country. You are willing to make a deal with
@IndivisibleNorm as one of your constituents, I want you to know , Oklahoma is watching! We are tired of getting sold out!
were you able to say that with a straight face? You know you have no intention of investigating anything....
FYI that was a half-ass apology from Nunes.  I'm amazed how you are willing to put your party above the country #shame
liar
@DevinNunes denied apologizing. He's complicit in cover-up
http://washex.am/2myawm5  
#SpecialProsecutor, Select Committee
Apologies usually start with 'I'm sorry'
You call that an apology. He basically said 'sorry I'm not sorry" #GOPPartyOverPeople
As an Oklahoman @SenatorLankford I hoped you see Nunes has to recuse He was on Trump's Transition team. Disappointed
Nunes says most of this surveillance apparently happened in "November, December, and January" during transition.…
Y'all are gonna go down SO HARD.
Gross.
what about this is non partisan, thorough, or following evidence to its conclusion? literally the opposite on all counts
you sir are another Trump apologist.  That you could applaud such illogic is grounds for losing your next election.
maybe you should applaud his COURAGE. Even if he messed up the order of shining the spot light of corruption.
Republicans placing party before country are complicit. Midterm elections will unseat GOPs #TrumpRussia
Oh my how they love to backtrack and sidestep. What about "no evidence" of a leak? Nunes needs to recuse.
the apology isn't enough. He needs to resign.
1. That was not an apology. 2. Bullshit.
@Betterw05759703 Nunes is not nonpartisan. We are not that stupid. Now call for an independent investigation.
Stop defending the apologies...& Lies it's really making Make America Great Again look stupid..Oh ok then
@Betterw05759703 nope, nope, nope.  Nunes must go, he's not impartial. Where's the oversight? He's working w WH. No trust
Sorry guys, but you can only lie to us so many times before we lose faith. That ship has moved beyond "sailed"!
my 7 yr old doesn't get applause after he does something wrong,he gets a time out. #NunesMustRecuse
What? He gave the subject(S) of an ONGOING investigation a reference point for what the IC has on him/them to cover tracks
They are all so corrupt..Oklahoma your corrupt or a sex offender because your entittled..this one sold us out
unless it leads to *45 with the pipe in the billiards room. #LiarInChief #NotMySenator
Voted YES on maintaining work requirement for welfare recipients. (Mar 2013)
Voted YES on terminating funding for National Public Radio. (Mar 2011)
Designate first weekend in May as Ten Commandments Weekend. (Apr 2011) But Shariah law is major threat
Voted YES on extending the PATRIOT Act's roving wiretaps. (Feb 2011) He wants to spy on you without a warrant
Voted for Religious exemption from ObamaCare individual mandate. (Mar 2015)
Voted YES on repealing the "Prevention and Public Health" slush fund. (Apr 2011)
Federal control of healthcare is unconstitutional. (Jan 2010)
Predicts that ObamaCare will destroy the health-care system. (Feb 2014)
Voted to Loosen restrictions on interstate gun purchases. (Oct 2011)
Voted No EPA expansion of regulated waters. (Jul 2014)
Rated 0% by HSLF, indicating an anti-animal welfare voting record. (Jan 2012)
Voted to Stop considering manure as pollutant or hazardous. (Sep 2011)
Signed the No Climate Tax Pledge by AFP. (Nov 2010)
Voted YES on barring EPA from regulating greenhouse gases. (Apr 2011)
Voted YES on opening Outer Continental Shelf to oil drilling. (May 2011)
$110M per year to teach abstinence in public schools. (Jul 2013) instead of education and contraceptives.
Rated F by NORML, indicating a "hard-on-drugs" stance. (Nov 2016)
Voted to Repeal ObamaCare reporting requirements for small business. (Jan 2011)
Voted to Protect anti-same-sex marriage opinions as free speech. (Oct 2013)
Voted NO on reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. (Feb 2013)
Voted YES on terminating the Home Affordable mortgage Program. (Mar 2011)
Voted to Prohibit federal funding to groups like Planned Parenthood. (Jan 2011)
Righhhttttt! Nunes' apology is a day late and $ short. Special prosecutor needed, forget select cmte - too partisan.
Voted against Motion H.R. 2577
A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and HUD
Voted against Motion H.R. 2028
A bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies
nope. What a ridiculous statement from a senator no less. Nunes needs to resign. Do you understand how investigations work?
the information would have been swept under the rug, just like all the other crimes the Obama administration did

What a crock of shite!
@FoxNewsFan he broke law w Ryan's blessing to cover for trump and trump supporters still repeating lies as is Russian tv
your lies and cover ups and excuses are staring to make all of you look guilty as  hell
come on the emperor has no clothes this you cannot sustain
you are not a smarty. Just the opposite.
I am sorry. Schiff laid out his plan to prove his theories. That was not bipartisan.
Apology,  are you kidding? He ran to 45 before his coat tail till he ran to 45. But you support 45 and Nunes
Nunes is in Trump's pocket and you know it. Step up or step aside, sir.
Bullshit. @DevinNunes ran to Trump like a toady. He is not nonpartisan. He needs to resign or be bounced.
and Ryan was part  of it
except for Nunes, providing "cover" for Trump
we trust senator Nunez. Had no problem w him bringing this forward. Those who r hysterical r the ones w something to hide.
Nunes is compromised. He needs to step down. Imagine if something similar happened during Obama admin.
"We follow the evidence wherever it leads"? Any thoughts on why Nunes first stop was the White House?
When was the last time a DA told a suspect what the police have on him? Hmmm? That is what @DevinNunes did re @realDonaldTrump It's criminal
Disgusting response from a Senator as nation faces a constitutional crisis. POTUS is under investigation. GOP Has No Honor.
Wrong! Chairman Numes needs to be Removed, today!
Wow doesn't take much to make you toe the party line, does it?  Independent investigation is needed. Now.
really after Trey Gowdy went apeshit over leaks?? This was a biggy..all roads lead to Russia..looking into yours..today
your applauding the fact he warned @POTUS, publicly discredited the investigation, and is now getting away with it.
Good it's not his place. POTUS is not Nunes' friend.
Senator Nunes exhibited courage, putting country before party.
Nunes is not a Senator. A bot should know that.
"Helene" is def a bot
So apologies and supplemental testimonies cover everything now? How about a little integrity to begin with?
you got be joking! Not even in the red state of oklahoma is this okay.
These "oversight" committees are tainted. Americans deserve answers they can trust. Independent commission NOW.
L I A R. Special prosecutor or investigation by American citizens never ends. You will all go down with 45. #persist
Are you joking? If you're ok w. him staying in our gov you're just as corrupt. Do we need to vote both of you out?
Sorry apology not enough. Needs to step down from chairmanship. Already tainted investigation.
not bipartisan at all. He should resign. Independent counsel needed. You are about party lines. You never listen to voters
I know this. If they try to unseat president Trump the USA will no longer exist as we now know it.
sorry I don't think he had anything to apologize for. Don't trust the Dems they would have covered up what was found out.
Really? Telling associate of those under investigation is NOT nonpartisan--it destroys credibility of the investigation!!
"applaud"? Lol
yes he voted yes for trumpcare he and Inhofe
he is! Why as a republican I am ashamed! This is how desperate we are to control government, we don't care
@MattMackowiak Words are cheap. He must resign.
His apology isn't enough.   He should step down.
and Langford has now made himself complicit in the cover up
