JUST IN: Senate to delay August recess as GOP struggles to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/ogwJFG6  
I voted for you as a Rep and then a Sen to Repeal ObamaCare.  You voted yes several times (ex: H.R.6079 122th). REPEAL IT ALL NOW!!!)
Why, dad? How does it affect you?
I pay 2.5 times more for health insurance with an individual deductible that is 5 times higher befor it pays a lower percentage of the bill.
I couldn't afford to pay 100% of my employees health insurance any longer or 50% of spousal coverage.
ObamaCare regs impacted my customers which in turn impacted me, ultimately I had to close my business and 12 FT employees lost their jobs.
ObamaCare destroys jobs, businesses and exponentially increased costs and deductibles to the point most people can't afford to pay for care.
Spoken elaborately for someone obsessed with Trump and...Martians, your TL reads like the National Enquirer with the alien nonsense. Bot 
It was illegal since Obama was not legally a president. He was not a U.S. citizen.
We need single payer health care.  Will you co-sponsor with Bernie Sanders?
I am going to take it that you will not vote for Trumpcare unless it protects us as we talked about. I sure hope so James.
Mr. Lankford, we gave the @GOP majority to repeal (not replace) the #ACA. We need to unleash the free market. TY for your time!
How long can the rest of the Republican Party prioritize partisanship and agenda over decency and patriotism?
Are you deliberately avoiding the elephant in the room? @potus is corrupt and @gop is talking about nothing burgers!
Yes. He is. GOP is committed to pass their agenda first. #TrumpRussia is not their priority.
If the ones at the top are tainted, everything they do is tainted too. Until they address #TrumpRussia , there's no point. #priorities
You're right.  He proved it today by tweeting about confirmations again.
Vote no on #BCRA, work with Dems to fix ACA. This is the best way to reduce costs and get more Oklahomans insured!
Fix ACA, not repeal/replace.  My disabled family members and grandchildren depend on it.
Say NO! to the unwanted and dangerous GOP healthcare bill. Or...sentence millions to an early  grave. The choice seems pretty simple to me
#ACAFixitdontnixit
Oklahomans deserve 2 have the same healthcare we pay for you and your family!
Inhofe is already buying up stock in healthcare..are your stocks waiting to rise along with his?? Screw the public fill your pockets?
the #RNC is not your God #civilizeGOP
@CNN @CNNSotu "How long can the rest of the Republican Party prioritize partisanship and agenda over decency and patriotism?"
2016: you were so outraged before you even knew what was in her new emails. Now silence on sec clearance for #Kushner? #CountryOverParty
Well if you can't beat them....
Emails! 
Lock them up! 
Make Treason Deplorable Again!
#MTDA
Oklahoman's deserve a TRUE MAN OF GOD, NOT YOU, who follows the WORD of GOD when it comes to the poor and sick!!! http://fightingbackagainsthiv.blogspot.com/2017/07/us-sen-james-lankford-is-fake-christian.html …
I just see this as another excuse for you not to do a real town hall. Why not tell us in person that you want to cut insurance for 20 mil?
Your loyalty to @GOP shouldn't come at the expense of those in need. Everyone deserves the best health care. Affordability and access a must
Conscience over compensation.
Protect our current healthcare.  Do the right thing.
Does that include your promise of transparency in government? #dictatorship
OK now I get it. Just listened to SHS press conference-you're repeating @GOP talking points. Way to fall in line comrade.
You guys can work on it thru eternity and your constituents still won't like it. I want universal health care. It's a HUMAN right.
Please, Sir don't healthcare away from millions. I am disabled due to genetic brain aneurysms. Not my life style. I don't have an IPHONE.
Republicans can't even get their own party to agree. And they called Democrats plan bad!?
Constituent in Moore here, removing protections even for people who get insurance thru work that were there before the ACA will kill me.
There is bound to be a promise in there somewhere to defend our country. Should take precedence, no?  #trumprussia #treason
Yes. GOP agenda, pass Trumpcare before the  is either impeached or resigns. @DonaldJTrumpJr has opened the floodgates.
No, don't pass the bill! This is an attack on the American People as to decrease the surplus population! He represents the wealthy & corps!
Oklahoma deserves much better
New name for it "Treasoncare"!
I don't know what we did to make you feel that way but please accept my sincere apologies.
Do you think taking the poor of Oklahoma's health/Medicare away is helping them? That's ridiculous. #NoTrumpCare Do YOU have health care?
We deserve qual. healthcare, no cuts to Medicaid & leaders who don't sabotage our healthcare. Wealthy do not deserve a tax cut. #GOPLies
We deserve to hear the truth. Your #TrumpCare plan is a tax cut for you & wealthy donors at the cost of our coverage. #GOPLies
We deserve to keep our rural hospitals healthy, vital & accessible to folks who live in this mostly rural state. #GOPLies #NoTrumpCare
Women, children, elderly & infirm deserve affordable & accessible healthcare and do not deserve to DIE so you can give tax cuts to a few.
Stop lying to us. We're tired of it. And I KNOW stripping healthcare coverage from those who need it most is NOT WHAT JESUS WOULD DO!
Drop the McConnell talking points!
Oklahomans will die under a bad bill. And you're saying they "deserve it"
Promise to investigate Hillary!
Every plan we have seen so far will hurt Oklahomans who most need help. Don't repeal just to check off a box. Strengthen what we have.
DHS here in Oklahoma just announced cuts to services to seniors and children. And you still pushing for your tax break for the rich.
Please be a patriot. Call for impeachment. #countryoverparty
.I release you from your promise. Please leave the ACA alone. Focus on something more important like...idk...Trump & his treason. Tyvm.
REPAIR, not repeal and replace.
@thehill OH Please!!! The GOP will not help citizens w/ their Trumpcare!!
Ask Rep Paul Ryan why he's joined Trump in the subversion of our Government, and the destruction of our democracy.
They deserve to get screwed over so the rich can get tax cuts? Nice guy!
And by better, you mean a healthcare system unencumbered by the restraints of insuring people. Well done sir.
Merrick Garland, Senator.
@GOP Bill sucks. Period. I am done with you too after your BULLSHIT democrat obstruction post.
This "healthcare" bill is not about healthcare. It's about giving your rich cronies a tax break while stroking the Republican party's ego.
You're an intellectually lazy, sycophant. You have no place in office. Medicaid will be de-funded but U send condescending email. #Christian
I hope you support transparency in the healthcare bill-get bipartisan support  work to improve healthcare, not dismantle it. OK deserves it.
Will you commit to acting like an adult, doing your duty and dealing with the treason that Trump Jr has committed ?
Remember: it's not just repeal Obamacare, it's replace with something better. A tax cut for wealthy is not better. Save that for tax reform
The promise I care about =affordable healthcare. Tired of hearing "repeal and replace". That's revenge politics, not healthcare. Fix ACA.
If you y'all vote for this healthcare bill and exclude yourselves. I will work and do everything I can to help get you out of office

Given Jr's e-mails, how do you continue to support this administration?  Do you support America or do you support Russia?  Simple question.
We are talking about other stuff. But we appreciate you sticking to your guns about taking away people's Heath care.
No, Oklahomans do NOT deserve to be kicked off their health care.  ACA, isn't perfect, at least covers most.  FIX the problem! Country/Party
Oklahomans deserve a fair shot at living healthy lives and building thriving communities #VoteNoBCRA #SaveMedicaid
Chaos. That is what you are continuing to condone. Nothing will get done until y'all address Trump/Russia.
Don't be dumb. Listen to your constituents. Vote NO.
I know you're going to vote yes in the end so why pretend. Your vote will hurt vets, addicts, the poor and elderly of our citizenry.
We need the ACA. My daughter, my wife, and myself need the ACA.
Please, don't take away the many benefits of the ACA for Oklahomans. Vote No.
ahh, COMMITTED to killing my family members. With this type of commitment you should be guilty of murder when it happens.
Please remember the working people who get up everyday & go to work.  We need all able-bodied people rowing this HC boat! Nothing is free!
We deserve a plan that takes into account what is best for the public, not the insurance companies.
@thehill  Cutting access to women's HC is not wanted.
@thehill  My healthcare costing 5 times as much with less than half benefits is not what I wanted
Oklahomans deserve affordable access to good healthcare. Make sure the legislation you support makes things better not worse.
That's why we elected you. Keep fighting the good fight.
You mean like actually providing healthcare to ALL Oklahomans?
2 many Okies were opposed to Obama inspite of hurting themselves. Obama is not our President but our healthcare needs still take precedent!
Good, Obamacare was just a tax on the middle class
Omg you think we are only worth trumpcare or no care?  You are Evil!
We....deserve your shitty, unpopular bill?
I am a constituent in Choctaw, OK, and I DO NOT WANT THE ACA repealed.
The ACA is broken and a expensive tax, it needs to be replaced
It's not broken. It can be improved though. Expanding medicaid in Oklahoma certainly would have helped matters for us!
So you must be a member of the free shit army
No. I'm a member of the "treat people with dignity, take care of your fellow americans" army. I'm not in it for myself, like most GOPers.
You don't think more people could afford healthcare if they managed their money properly? I'm not talking about the poor here
Uh, no. Have you had cancer recently? Has your child? Unexpected and astronomical medical expenses regularly bankrupt families.
If you're insistent on taking away our health care, then I am insistent on you not being fit for office. I want you out!
Oklahoma deserves a senator that will not line their own pockets at the expense of its constituents.
Are you a Russian controlled traitor Mr Lankford??
Great news
So you are committed to tax cuts for the rich and kicking 24 mil off of health coverage.  For shame.  GROW A SPINE JAMES!!!!!
Full repeal!
I doubt very much that they are looking forward to losing their health care, in order to subsidize tax cuts for the rich.  Man up!
#Repeal & #CutMyTaxes
I'm very disappointed in healthcare bill.  It's bad for Oklahomans.  See my analysis at https://www.slideshare.net/luciaperri7/review-of-the-senate-ahca-bill … via
Does that include a full repeal of Obamacare? Remember, you ran on that!
which ones?the ones not to repeal medicare?or to take away providing for pre-existing conditions?to uphold constitution and choose country?
Ok. You guys *promised* better coverage at lower prices. Deliver on *that* or we'll vote you and your whole party out of office forever.
Repeal. Hard repeal.
Sen Lankford I'm a Grandfather in Piedmont please stop the stalling tactics of the Dems by changing the debate time rule. We will support u
THE PROMISE NOT TO TOUCH OUR MEDICARE????
Unless it has to do with Kushner's security clearance. #DoYourJob #TrumpRussia
No, they deserve better.  Ask Tom Coburn about my plan -
no oklahomans deserve healthcare not some bullshit tax cut for the rich
Good job @SenatorLankford
This constituent is opposed to any #Healthcare proposal that reduces coverage or raises rates for those with pre-existing conditions. #BCRA
Sheesh, that's harsh. What could they have done to deserve that?
Can you give us a recap of those promises? I can't get past Russia having access to the WH.
