You MUST walk the walk or you are a hypocrite like the rest. Repeal is NOT the answer....  FIX it.
He is a hypocrite. This tweet was just to brag about a WH visit.
You obviously do not know the Senator...he has always been a humble man.  #mybrotherwashisfriendincollege
The never-ending media appearances, refusal to hold a Town Hall, lack of accountability & love of publicity are not signs of humility.
But my friend....not braggibg is
How are we supposed to get to know JL? He won't hold a Town Hall!
@SenatorLankford  we need you to present for us as you are for luncheons with #Djt and #FoxNews


Maddow is the citation. She said it last night...
Jeez.
You men have no right to legislate women's HC.
GOOD LUCK! DUN REALLY UNDERSTAND THE PROBLEM. U KNOW WHAT I MEAN. BUT I LEAVE IT TO THE AMERICAN LEADERS. DUN MAKE ME LOOK BAD!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE READ THE COMMENTS SENATOR! And let us know you are listening.
We are terrified! Don't you care?
Just once, I wish you were as excited to take away sec clearance for #Kushner as you are to take healthcare away from millions. #TrumpRussia
#LiberalLogic is so frigging backwards
BS. 7 yrs & the only plan conservatives have is 2 bring back cheap plans that don't cover, pre-existing, & 2 kick 35 million people off.
Could you please cite the source for the 76% increase in premiums in Oklahoma?
My exact same income and exact same plan as last year...my premiums went down more than 50%. Thank you Obamacare
My company had a 25% decrease in premiums when ACA went into effect. Increases since have been the same as before ACA.. around 7%
So, I'd like to know where the 76% premium increase data comes from.
That's a fine question...
Sen Lankford, Please improve ACA. Repeal  is not the answer for the elderly and poor who depend on this assistance. Country before party!
Just repeal it.
Don't blame the Dems!
They are the reason we have a healthcare bill! Work to fix it
Ins without essential benefits is not ins. Cruz amend is buy here pay here non ins.
Repeal is NOT the answer.  Evil GOP games with American HC.  People over party.
Can you say "out of touch?" Good, now can you spell it? B...C...R...A.

"We're not going to sit and let them kill us," an activist says. Staffers have blocked them from going past the front desk. 
So, why are all the Republicans taking it away from those with the greatest need?
What you say doesn't match the GOP bills. Do the right thing for people and don't continue to try to hurt Americans. GOP HC bill evil.

Proud to join Democratic & Republican governors from across the country to call for a new, bipartisan approach to fix our healthcare system. 

Now is not the time to double-down on the same failed tactics that got us here—@SenateGOP should finally give bipartisan solutions a chance
Here is Lankford's staff and what they earn.  Call them personally.  Say you are an old friend from high school.  http://congressional-staff.insidegov.com/d/a/Senate/Sen.-James-Lankford-%28R-.-OK%29 …
Why do you need to lie?
@SenMarkey
Hey, there's a bunch of extra $$$ going to insurers for admin'ing Fed employee/Congress ins claims. Incentives. Might re-allocate that.
This Okie doesn't want you to repeal the ACA. Fix it, yes. Repeal, no.
Obama and Hillary did not carry one county in Oklahoma in the last three presidential elections. Guess where in Ok stands on Obamacare?
OK ranks 47 in #education and 46 in #health I would argue most Ok voters aren't the greatest experts on topics that impact quality of life
You're right, Nicole! I'm not being sarcastic. We don't even know what good education or adequate health care look like!
And we are the reddest state. Bible believers. Followers of Christ. Jesus asks us to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, care for the sick.
How about not repealing but fixing markets? How about not harming people.
Why are the liberals so entitled? We are bewildered by so many who offer nothing to America demanding so much from it. Please explain?
So many who offer nothing? Everyone I know works.  Everyone I know needs access to healthcare.
And even if they don't work, you want them to die of treatable illnesses just because you don't like them?
To say nothing of the family members I know with pre-existing conditions. Somehow it is "entitled" to need healthcare?
How did that go? Get tons accomplished? Or did you vote party? It's okay, no need to reply, I watched it. Enjoy your last months in office.
Under obamacare many dr's started refusing to accept mcare, and mcaid patients. What will be done to reverse that trend?
Repeal it.
I caution against the repeal without replace path lplease #lead do not just be a follower...I http://know.you  can!

Patients & families rightly expect Republican leaders to clean up their mess & Dems are at the table when they are ready to actually govern. https://twitter.com/PattyMurray/status/887382133991501824 …
Amend the ACA. Don't allow insurance companies to opt out with the Rubio clause. Single payer. There are lots of ways to fix.
7 years and still no plan.  Shameful!
Giving tax breaks to the rich while you raise my premiums & reduce coverage is wrong.
Your proposals only remove health care from millions fix what we have and stop working for your corporate owners for once.
You're not listening.  You don't want to hear.  You are not representing your constituents.
So you're accepting the healthcare replacement you come up with, or are you going to stay on big government healthcare?
Step 1 is #FullRepeal. Step 2 is government needs to let free market work. Step 3 if anything make provider overcharging illegal, $20...
...for a Tylenol for example., or turning a $175 cash doctor visit, into a $600 billing to insurance for the exact same thing.
Insurance companies are being over charged by providers. That's is why cost of insurance keeps going up.
Try listening to the people you serve back in Oklahoma.
Yes, I say #FullRepeal was the deal.
Please get it done, for the sake of our nation.  All eyes looking on Republican leadership.  Either lead now or most will be replaced.
Those, who vote to repeal, will definitely be replaced.
And HRC won the election because she was in favor of O care?  She lost because of her views and unsustainable O care was a major loser law
Don't repeal!!!!  Amend and make better!!!!  I am your constituent, please listen to us and stop wasting time
Where are you from?
Do you work for Senator Lankford?  Why do you need to know where in Oklahoma I'm from?
1 in 10 will lose coverage under prop plan Vote No on #ACA #NoRepeal
I agree.  please vote no on repeal
Please approach this healthcare problem w/thoughtful bipartisanship.  Current proposed plans are totally unacceptable for Americans.
Why do you want to see so many people die?
Country before party Fix the ACA  Don't knock people out of insurance
I wish #SenatorJohnMcCain a speedy and thorough recovery. It is good that he had good coverage to save his life.
"'Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.'" #DontTakeOurHealthcare
Premiums go down when there are more people paying them. Unpopular, but mandate coverage if you want lower prices. Then improve ind. health
You need to remember your words about how much you care for Oklahomans - when considering a move that will damage millions.
Senator it is time for a #FullRepeal.  Why does D.C. need to be in our homes?   Insurance belongs in the free market.  Let us choose!
When millions lose healthcare, they will stay go to the hospital, becuz no one plans on it. That cost to those that can pay, and raises ins
How about you write up legislation that gives citizens the healthcare you have? 
Please Senator Lankford,  do not support repeal of ACA. This is a tax cut for the rich. Many Americans will suffer. Do the right thing Sir.
Make sure you ask your senior Senator @JimInhofe about the shares of health company stocks he's been buying up while advancing the GOP plan.
How many Senators are heavily invested in healthcare / pharma?!  Seriously. Good grief.
We can lower costs within ACA. Not that difficult with drug costs and out-of-network robbery. Mary Failin has to expand Medicaid to help OK.
When is your town hall? #whereisLankford
1) Woe to those who make unjust laws,
 to those who issue oppressive decrees,
 to deprive the poor of their rights
2) and withhold justice from the oppressed of my people,.making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless. (Isaiah 10: 1–3)
I hope you remember you represent ALL of us in Oklahoma! We disagree with you on this. Immoral to put people's lives in danger with repeal.
Stay in DC until the Senate gets healthcare done
Senator, people of all income levels don't need help with healthcare. Your colleagues for instance.
One EXCELLENT path would be for YOU/@GOP to NOT sabotage it but support & strengthen it.
Cutting standards of care for plans isn't it
If Congress can't get anything done, you shouldn't get paid. Both GOP plans were a joke. You guys had 7 yrs to come up with something
DO SOMETHING!
We're paying 4 majority of t/50 Gold Plan HC choices 4 Congress They hv 50 Choices!!! They're refusing to help ppl Call/email your Senator
And ages.
Remind @POTUS not to bully while you're there? Country before party/president.
Why not follow the path that every other industrialized nation has followed?
Medicare for all!
Strive to give ALL citizens the same coverage you have at the same cost
Forget tax cuts to rich Work to represent the people. But you won't.
Engage the industry. Engage the DEMs  Engage some women. Work together, in the open, with discussion from all. Be trustworthy
But you won't.
another steak dinner and another round of money for the Senators..how does it feel to be paid to screw Oklahoma..
We do that by fixing the ACA. Not repealing it.
Able bodied people actually do NOT qualify for medicaid! Either do illegal immagrants! Its meant4those in need! Enough with bleeding hearts
WOOHOO. The Texan brags about a visit to the WH, but accomplishes absolutely nothing to benefit Oklahomans. Zero. All hat, no cattle.
Figure out why a20 year old pays the same if not more than someone in there 60's for health care. That's ridiculous.
reduce costs 4 consumers  
reduce all subsidies 4 wealthy they don't need help
increase subsidies 4 #ACA 4 all Americans
#Healthcare4All
Christians take responsibility. How can u let Trump blame Dems for Repub failure? Please stand up against Trump blame game. God sees all.
I'd ask you how trumps dick tasted, but I'm assuming the line was long
Why wasn't the Senate trying to do this before? Don't tell me you thought BCRA would do these things.
Time to repeal and replace Obama care. I am watching what you do, Doing nothing is unacceptable. Do not leave town till it is done.
That you Senator for fighting for the tax payers. We need reasonable rates.
DO. NOT. REPEAL.  Fix what you have! I live in your area, and I can and will vote!
Obamacare was a corrupt deal between Obama & the insurance companies to force millions to buy coverage they didn't need or want! REPEAL IT!
Just repeal it... Replacement is NOT necessary.
Most of the world has. Several for years.
Is your problem with the ACA political? If so, it was based on a model from a conservative think tank.
I agree. But repealing the individual and employer mandate is going to cause only the wealthy and healthy to afford insurance.

Maybe if the GOP hadn't focused on the billionaires tax cut for 7 years they might have gotten around to a plan like you describe.
How many assistants does he need to talk to sheep?! Good God. How about getting rid of entitlements for you guys?
Let me know if you would like advice on a better plan for America
Get government out of the way and the market will find its own way to lower costs.
here's a thought. get democrats to work with on writing the changes and wor it out before going for a vot and you don't have the support for
fix the ACA do not repeal it!
Please get this done!
Leadership in Oklahoma! So I am one of millions that stand in #TheResistance #NeverRepeal #NoReplace
The ACA is failing only because of the Governments OBSTRUCTION OF ALLOWING A SUCCESSFUL PROGRAM TO WORK FOR THE PPL! Mary Fallin's lacking
Many of us have pleaded with you Begged you and you have ignored our cries! You've ignored our tears! Ignored our needs! Now you want to say
Great--thanks!  That's what most Americans want too. Single-payer, universal coverage is the pathway.
On Fox News talking about Hillary Clinton emails. Obstruction Of Democrats. No because you won't be voted back in. You're done in Oklahoma.
Say WELL WELL we gave you your rationed amount so if you're out SORRY OKLAHOMA PPL GUESS YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN Sen Lankford is in Washington
And to let Oklahomans suffer YES,SUFFER as you go HANDS OFF so States will have a limited block and when that's gone YOU can come back to
Rip it out, rip it out!! 
Your constituent
Watching your leader on tv and thinking how you're sitting there giggling and laughing with disdain at Oklahomans wanting to gut Medicaid
yes thank you for your willingness to comply with the wish's of the American Voters
How about you give ALL AMERICANS the same health insurance legislators receive!!
No repeal of Obamacare for me. Listen to your constituents for a change instead of the @GOP
Fix the ACA....y'all don't have a clue what you are doing.
Please just repair the ACA. Country before party--remember?!
So lets kill the most vulnerable to prove a point. Very christian of you James. U have been working on your greatest hits today Senator.
repeal would mean death or life of poverty to many of your constituents. So much for Christian values...#hypocrite
I know how to do that.  Ask me.
You know, don't you, that the BCRA did not even pretend to have ANY cost-cutting measures in it? Just healthcare cutting.
Vaccines, Antibiotic Stewardship, and @CDCDirector are worth more than they cost. Reforms are needed, open markets can work, but be careful!
Ya know you are such a liar for a Christian..you voted to repeal it..just like 45..divert deflect smoke and mirrors. LIAR no Christian. Evil
Pls listen to the CBO saying that repeal w/o immediate replacement would drive costs UP & drive ins. companies out of more states.
1 of 2 BP, he knows CBO data but continues to privilege ideological approach over factual realities.
ACA was doomed from beginning. Anyone with a brain knew it. Repeal and get gov out of insurance biz. Doesn't mean we ignore poor & needy.

Booting 32 million people off their health insurance will NOT do that.
How about forgetting the tax break for the 1% then there would be more money to work with.
Just fix what is there. No reason to repeal it
Do you think LOMBARDY &GREENBAY
PACKERS  fall in line  go in  win mode ,team collins ,paul STICK TOGETHER GET IT DONE FOOLS!GOP TEAM PLS
How much are they paying you?
A government solution is no solution.  Just defund the ACA and use funds to build wall.
It's pathetic the whole senate can't get this passed, those 3 senators betrayed the American people and the Republican Party.
Thank you Sen. Lankford
Repeal it. It's garbage. It's simple, actually. Then begin to work on system that seems fair to the people. Not everyone will be happy.
BAN FOR-PROFIT HEALTHCARE. As un-American as you might think it, it is ludicrous to have a system that benefits from pain and suffering.
"Find a path to lower costs" is not your job. That's the market's job. Get gvt OUT of healthcare. #RepealDontReplace Gvt increases cost!
Repeal, or we replace you in your next primary.
So single payer?

Let's start with transparency in costs!!!  And the ridiculous cost of prescription drugs.
Vote No Repeal please!! We need the funding to #FIXITDONTNIXIT
You serve the people of Oklahoma! So how about closing your pockets to dirty $$ & drop the "for sake of the party" BS! Embarrassing for OK!
@votedforthe45th ~ Just completely get rid of anything to do with OC and go back to the free market!!

Dear Senator Lankford's PR person, please read the responses to his twitter feed and inform him. This is embarrassing.
Yes indeed!  @SenatorLankford Are you a leader or a sheep?
Drive down healthcare cost by limiting HC CEO pay. They make 300x the worker. Used to be 20x. Look at all the $ that are wasted on them
Shame you are still walking the party Line and not working for what is best for all Oklahomans.
My healthcare premium in OK is $14k a year. Then a 6k deductible. Before I get 1 cent of health care benefit I have to pay 21k out of pocket
Repeal
Just fix Obamacare, do not repeal. Stop undermining it with your policy instability. Work with the Democrats. Stop the partisanship.
Why are we the only country to not have a single payer system?
It used to be a conservative platform even.
Or, y'know, we could just give people healthcare like every other civilized nation.
My healthcare premiums is $14k a year. Then a 6k deductible. Before I get one cent of health care benefit I have to pay 21k out of pocket
#RepealObamacare Support @realDonaldTrump
How were you intending to vote on the AHCA? The repeal? Your constituents have a right to know.
Health Co-Op's, Health Savings, State Lines, À la carte options. Why so Damn hard for consensus? Take the Roll Call.
Enjoy your KFC AND FANS. Like our forefathers did and work out the best way to remove healthcare from millions of Americans! #NeverRepeal
Yea well the Senate plan doesn't do that so do what you were elected for.. bi-partisan deal for Americans not a WIN for Trump

Joe Manchin's message to GOP senators: "Let’s get together" on health care
https://bloom.bg/2tbPSaW  
Wow congrats on coming out in support of single payer
Do not forget Replace. If there is no replace there is no repeal.

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
If we systemically accounted for individual risk, could we replace the unaccountable health insurance risk arbitrage business model?
/2 Could flip insurance personnel and assets into local banking to drive accountable investment in otherwise healthy communities.
/3 Thank you for your leadership. 

Disability rights advocates have gathered outside Sen. Lankford's office in Oklahoma City again. They were here two weeks ago. 

Unlike last time, they do not have a meeting with Lankford's staff. They're frustrated by what they perceive to be Lankford ignoring them. 

"Somebody needs to listen to us." Activists are bitter that they're not able to take videos. Staffer says it's an office policy. 
