Senate Dems, let's be very clear: You will filibuster & block this SC nom or we will find a true progressive and primary u in next election.
The majority of your constituents want you to vote NO on Devos. You represent us, not your own self-interests
WRONG!  The majority of his constituents want him to vote yes on Mrs. DeVos.  We support Pres. Trump. #MAGA
It's obvious that I care more about your child's education than you do. Devos is not qualified.
Lol!  Please don't kid yourself.  People want change, tired of failing schools. She will bring change.
She will defund public schools and make us the worst educated post-industrial country worldwide.
We r already at that point, I say give her a chance, what do we have to lose at this point?
quite a lot with her voucher system, abstinence only polices and complete lack of knowledge
If the Dems/Unions hadn't let it get so bad, people wouldnt b willing 2 gamble on her. #chance
The left knows nothing but obstruction and trolling. Most of the people trolling you aren't even from Oklahoma
were  you totally blind the last 8years
I saw everything. Obama saying "I have a pen & phone" And telling Congress "I'll do this without you". Oh yes, I've been watching
i find it hard to believe you can defend this dictator wanna be
The only dictator was Obama.
you have to be totally unhinged to believe Obsma was the only dictator.  Reality will visit you
Not a thing. You are beginning to see the picture more clearly.
please don't  ignore your constituents. #VoteNoDevos
Maybe this short educational film from 1946 will show you where we're going with Trump in the lead.
Isn't that exactly what you participated in last year? As well as the GOP  for the last 6 years?
It seems like you're missing the fact that America is more important than party.
.@SenatorLankford : What you are missing is your own (and GOP's) obnoxious hypocrisy!!!
because the right worked so hard with Pres. Obama! We watched obstruction for 8yrs. You're a hypocrite!
You're missing some of America's core values.
I am a liberal Oklahoman.  I will be sure to remember  how you feel about us on election day
Maybe if you talked with some Dems in your state (like me), you wouldn't ask those stupid, sarcastic questions.
When is your term Up? I'd be careful about insulting"the left" they seem to be rising up quite a bit lately.
@MMFlint Democrats will appease their Hollywood buddies,and mod Dems will vote GOP, the seats will be lost anyway,  #GOP18
FROM A CONSTITUENT in zip code 74804: Do you suppose the "left" learned obstructionism from the right?
What are you missing? Reality. #MerrickGarland Ask @SenateMajLdr why the people have zero trust in @SenateGOP
his face looks like it's in retreat
I’m a lifelong conservative Oklahoma Republican and you are embarrassing me. Put country before party, Senator.
He doesn't care that OK rejects DeVos. He is still voting for her. http://m.newsok.com/article/5536698 
.@SenatorLankford Many People are saying what you are missing is this is politics and dems are doing what GOP did for the last 8 years
Did you call for hearings for Judge Garland? If not, your hypocrisy is showing.
Did you miss the last 12 years?! Plus, Trump is an unhinged, short-sighted, pussy-grabbing clown that needs to be stopped.
Try and pay attention to your actual constituents in OK instead of Hollywood. Do you work? You do realize OK ED is tanking?
Are u serious? All you've done the past 8 years is obstruct. You have no integrity. Maybe u should read the Bible more.
.  You have missed the last 8 years of repub obstruction
where have you been the last eight years. Obstruct?  Some religious guy you are.....
The Right obstructed Obama for 8 years and refused to even interview Merrick Garland. What are I missing here?
Thanks for your anointing and sensible leadership!
They're taking a page from the GOP playbook. I remember you all doing the same thing several times during the Obama Admin.
why wouldn't they? It worked for the Republicans so well. I'm a current constituent.
Senate Republicans DO NOT get to lecture about obstruction after the last 8 years.
sir, I listened to you in person explain why it was OK to refuse to confirm SCOTUS nominee of sitting president.
Vote NO on DeVos. Oklahoma can't handle much more.... #NotoDeVos
@MMFlint #standforoklachildren#votenodevos
Really? Merrick Garland sat in limbo for almost a year with no hearing. You need to check your hypocrisy at the door doll.
@MMFlint how's it feel to get a taste of your own medicine? #partyofno
@MMFlint Lankford, I was proud of you for promoting unity, now this. Back to unity (and compromise).
I am from OK and have asked No on Pruitt and No on Dvos. Feeling ignored.

isn't that exactly what the GOP has been doing for the past few years???



not a hypoxrite are you...
They still haven't figured it out. Hopefully they never do. Fiddling while their party burns until midterms.
election is over, let it go. Dems fighting for out kids #NoDeVos
REALLY?????  You & your republican friends are such hypocrites!! #MerrickGarland
--but the Left took it right out of Republicans playbook, now you cry "2 wrongs don't make a right!" ??? #TeaPartyTears

James you blocked a nominee longer than anytime in history. Get real.
if I remember correctly they are replicating the Republican behavior when Obama was in Office Senator..
What about Mr. Garland? We're so close to the 2018 election...might as well wait and let the people decide, no?
learned it from you
if Trump had nominated Obama to supreme court people like moore would still blocked n protested
You are missing that you work for us sir.  I hope the good people of OK remember that in 2018.
Finally, you are missing the core values and teachings of your professed Savior, Jesus Christ, read his words and see truth
You are missing an institutional memory to how the Republicans acted for the past 8 years. What side of history are you on?
You are missing basic humanist values and morals. You are missing @realDonaldTrump lack of disclosure to financial ties.
Ummm....several million votes in popular election, and a sense of shame. But that's just off the top of my head.
Trump's Cabinet picks were grossly unqualified,  had gross conflicts of interests or had adversarial stance. Sad.
MERRICK GARLAND was a centrist pick and you all still obstructed.  Whose interests do u represent?
I am UPSET  Sir,  with Frack Quakes, water and air quality our lack of funds for our schools (even lottery funds pilfered.)
you do NOT have a mandate. Open your eyes Sir.  No problem with your bill but WHY should those be Tax Exempt.
You can't rewrite the rules and then complain when other people play by them. You should have met with Merrick Garland.
Nationwide voter suppression, limited availability of polls, racial gerrymandering,  interstate Cross Check and Putin. Sad
What hypocrisy! This is exactly what you did during Pres Obama's terms. This nom may have strong credentials but not right
, @jiminhofe 's office told me he didn't care about his constituents' objections to DeVos. Will I hear the same from yours?
Your constituents don't have the short memories you hoped. Give us some credit. We recall the GOP blocking Obama's pick.
so it is ok when republicans do it?
Your Awesome go fight the good fight! Our state was totally Red! Remember that! @POTUS
First-rate trolling, @SenatorLankford! But isn't there a muskrat you should be sodomizing?
stupid Dems. Haven't you heard lebreal is out get with the times
Isn't there a saying? Something about a pot and a kettle? 
Was this your stance when SCOTUS position opened in 2016? Ur missing this: we want leaders we can trust #StrongerTogether
Sounds like something straight out of the tea party playbook. Is your memory failing you?
didn't repubs do it first??  Hypocrite.
GOP did same when Obama nominated Garland? Stole the seat! Quit playing victim card, GOP started this #SCOTUS #BlockHim
Ppl believe what they want to believe. We just follow God & pray. We do r best
....a heart?
what did republicans do when #Obama won? Oh-shut down the damn country! #SCOTUS #BlockHim #GOPcorruption #TheResistance
like you did to Merrick Garland #hypocrite
Stronger together?  Isn't that what Hillary said? Don't sully the phrase with ur hypocritical blathering.   #RESISTANCE
Approx. 11.3M more popular votes r what u r missing i.e. THE MAJORITY who love their country. Pay attention more 2 come!
Douche hypocrite
@chrismac2562 Oklahoma. Try to be relevant ok?
. I am relevent. Not all okies voted red.
Also, if party isn't important to you, please listen to your constituents and vote no on DeVos.
Isn't obstructing what you did to Pesident Obama?  Hypocrite!
. Vote no to Devos. Our children deserve better than her.
. How are you going to vote on repeal of Sec 1504. If you vote yes we will know you are as corrupt as Inhoffe. Still waiting
seemed to work really well for you guys with Obama. it's how we got trump and the tea party.
Sounds familiar doesn't it! Hmmm? I wonder where they got that idea from? #obstruct
I am your constituent and this is what R party did last 8 yrs, pot calling kettle black #NotoDeVos
Millions more voted for Clinton, so why are you surprised?
It's in response to what @SenateMajLdr did to Merrick Garland. Nom sat in Senate for 293 days, 2x longer than any other nom
liberalism is a mental disorder  ms
And the Right's response? Legislative amnesia. Please reference: your cluelessness towards it. SAD!
Awareness. You are missing awareness. You are blinded by ideology.
"Do to others as you would have them do to you." They are just doing what you have done.
Such a hypocrite!
Learned it from the best (sarcasm alert!), you hypocrite
The Darkside has cookies but you don't have to eat them.
GOP response is to become even less moral and more evil ?
Michael Moore is not the Left; he is one person.  Try not to paint everyone with such a BROAD brush.
@MMFlint wasn't it Harry Reid's rule that NO SC justice be allowed in the last year of ANY presidency? #ScienceMarch
Obstruction isn't acceptable, but 1 mustn't 4get the rise and behavior of Tea Party and Freedom caucus. Got us where we r.
You refused to vote on Obama's nomination. It's the same thing. Both are wrong.
@MMFlint you think trump is gonna be loyal to you don’t you
we learned it from watching you and your colleagues over the last 8 years.
Ummm....look up the word "hypocrite". That's a great picture of you!!! #amazing
The funny part is, We own the whole house and Donald Trump is still the President for the next eight years.
So you really don't represent all the people of Oklahoma, just your party platform?  So our government is a win/lose game?
Mr. Lankford, where was your outrage when the GOP did the same? Your hypocrisy is very unbecoming.
Didn't you fly back to DC just to gavel in a session to keep blocking Obama? Waste of taxpayer money & hypocrite.
that's exactly what you and the rest of the GOP have done the last 8 years.
if you truly want to do your job then vote as Oklahomans want you to and against Betsy Devos.She is unfit to lead education
where was this stance in regard to the nominee last summer? You REFUSED to do your job then. #hypocrisy
GOP did this for 8 yrs. when y'all want to be reasonable & not employ Nazis (Bannon) or racists (Sessions) we'll play ball.
how dare people who disagree with me go and, um, disagree with me?
popular vote winner. The numbers are on our side
Uh, that that's how you win after your party destroyed our political system? #OhYeah @SenatorLankford
The left's response to losing the WH & Congress is to obstruct, divide & go MORE liberal? What am I missing here? #SCOTUS #StrongerTogether https://twitter.com/mmflint/status/826763192869199872 …
@MMFlint Are you joking, Senator?
it kind of sounds like you're missing that you're not acting in the best interests of a good portion of this country.
Hope they do then they will lose more seats. The left has no clue why they lost the last election.
You've dragged this country to the ALT right w/a white supremacist in WH &you complain that mving to the center is liberal
History.
I don't think you're using the #StrongerTogether hashtag right, unless you mean white supremist kleptocrats.
it's not about loosing. It's about FEAR!  It's unbelievable that you don't get that!!
Need to find a hypocrite STAT? Check any mirror
The last 8+ years of reality is what you are missing. Plus a good healthy dose of self awareness.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
what about Merrick Garland? Huh? What about that?
The hypocrisy, it burns.
Merrick Garland
Where is your concern about Trump and Tillerson conflicts of interest? Appears quite suspicious.
isn't that precisely what the right did?! Thanks for the blueprint
@MMFlint
Yas!Thanks for showing us the blueprint GOP.Enjoy your days.We are coming for you in 2018. There is more libs than cons!
you're missing a lot. People frightened for their survival w/trump. No one could obstruct like republicans in last 8 yrs.
Don't forget you also represent Okie progressives too. Do your job w/integrity and don't put party first. Cut ties w/Koch
wow you do realize that we can easily find Video/Audio/SocialMedia history yes??
.@SenatorLankford you're missing that you're whining about Dems treating you the way you treated them the last 8yrs. Suck it up buttercup.
isn't that what the GOP did for the last 8 years?
And what exactly have you been doing for the past 8 years?  Clearly nothing useful.
@MMFlint a lot.  You're missing a lot.
pot calling the kettle black...welcome to the next 4 years
Senator, the POTUS threatened to invade Mexico and yelled at the Australian PM. I wouldn't worry about obstruction here.
We are not responding to losing!  We are responding to the reprehensible character of your leader.  He's a joke!
So when is your next town hall, Senator?
Dems using GOP Playbook. Deal w/ it
such hypocrites @SenateGOP
what you're missing is that the majority of this country didn't vote trump. We'll show u what u r missing in 4 years
You're missing the fact that the president is mentally ill and his senior advisor is a white supremacist.
The part where you stole the seat and have now turned the US into the ENEMY of the free world.
Maybe you're missing this?  

https://www.lankford.senate.gov/news/press-releases/senator-lankford-statement-on-president-obamas-supreme-court-nomination …
You STOLE a #SCOTUS pick from the Dems.  You need to moderate and worry about your seat.  Even Oklahoma can rise up!
A majority of Americans voted against Trump. He is not popular. His policies are not popular. Dems must #resist.
in the past two weeks people have gotten a glimpse  of the Republican party's true nature. So enjoy it while it lasts
from the GOP playbook,except we arent traitors or fascists.By the way get your own fing slogan. How bout party over country
It worked for you and your racist Republicans against @BarackObama
No, seriously, I would love to hear how this obstruction is any different from what the GOP did for 8 years.
prove it is about people not party and vote #NotoDeVos
you do know your failure to address #Trump is freaking the world out don't you?
Because that's the winning strategy. A semi-republican can never win. People will just choose the real republican.
@MMFlint We believe the entire election was illegitimate and won popular vote. We ARE the majority.
you're missing the irony of your little rant

I do believe he's that fucking dumb, bless his heart.
they learned it from the GOP
hey it worked for the Republicans.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT YOU DID! WHAT AM I MISSING? DO YOU TAKE US FOR IDIOTS?
I hope you pay attention.
Hey Obstruction & Dividing worked for Repug's for 8 years, why not
and you have followed a psychopath and refuse to check him at all. You will own this for the rest of your life. Remember..
.@SenatorLankford so are you upset we're stealing your schtick or what
@MMFlint Wrong, Senator! Garland should have had a hearing! GOP spent 8 years Obstructing! We #resist
By using that type of language you are in fact being more divisive. Listen to all the people not left or right.
i believe the answer is... no sh*t
-what are you on about, mate? This is a republican strategy. #NotMyPresidentTrump
You're missing that we are the MAJORITY of this country, frustrated by your gerrymandering. by the FBI, and by Russia.
It worked for @SenateMajLdr 
it is the GOP playbook!
Republicans seem to be having a serious case of selective amnesia. But we the people remember. #resist
The exact thing Republicans did? @SenatorLankford
They learned it from you!
@StewSays Nothing, that's about right. We learned it from you (aside from the liberal part). Resist.
Worked for the Republicans.
Yes! We are borrowing your playbook, sir. Peddle your #strongertogether malarky somewhere else. It reeks of bs.
@pastorabharris all of this is terrible. The Lord is in control and His agenda will prevail
Love it that you use #Hillary2016 #ClintonKaine slogan for your rant against Democrats or as you say "left". Short memory!
What are you missing? A conscience and the fact that YOU work for US
What are you missing? The fact that this isn't "the left", it's THE PEOPLE. Step out of the bubble and look around.
What are you missing? Hopefully a chance to be re-elected.
What are you missing? Who signs your paychecks. Hint: It's not the party, it's the American people.
What are you missing? How fricken angry the American people are at the staggering level of hypocrisy.
