The supremacy of any race over another is not only immoral, it's contradictory to our Constitution and the idea of America.
While some may want to remain divided, we cannot and must not ignore the dissension in our culture.
As a nation, we must recommit to build respectful unity together & honor the human dignity of all people.
You sit quietly by and vote in his swamp filled cabinet.  Either stand against @POTUS or American Ppl.  You can't have it both ways!
You sir are a fool. You are a pawn and a puppet of this whole circus History will not be kind to you or Inhofe. I will make sure my fam
remembers the hate and disentsion you have promoted and endorsed..both of you.  White terrorists do not have a place in our society..Nazi's
But you would welcome it in Oklahoma
We have Nazis in the White House.
Oh sure you are.
#SayHerName
How do you feel about it taking 3 days for the President to denounce neo-nazis/white nationalists/white supremacists?
Find the source of the problem and you will cure the element!
Why not name today what it is. An attack by white nationalist group.
Amazing, isn't it?
It's horrible Q.
Then call it what it is:
Radical Right Wing Domestic Terrorism
Stand up and say it.
You wouldn't have to be so grieved if you didn't support Trump.
What actions will you take, Senator Lankford. You are my Senator and I trust you to stand with Oklahomans. All Oklahomans.
Perhaps it was another staging ...
I AM GRIEVED BY THESE ACTS OF VIOLENCE & MUST PRAY FOR PEACE OVER OUR COUNTRY OR GOD WILL TURN HIS BACK ON US & IT WILL TURN TO DARKNESS!
We need @SenatorLankford @realDonaldTrump  say you denounce, say the words #Whitesupremacy #kkk #Altright #Ariannation
Trump & you gave them the White House.  YOU    #Charlottesville
Unfortunately, you, your donors (Koch's) and supporters are in agreement that white people are the ones being discriminated against. Tick...
You and the rest of you in OK WILL be voted out.
If not you then who?  Stop voting party and vote for Americans! My OKC students want to know why the Pres. hates them?
We here in OK know what this kind of Nazi crap turns into.  We haven't forgotten the OKC bombers, have you?  DENOUNCE *45 & this Hate NOW!
Until you stand up to @POTUS and hold him accountable for his words and actions, you are complicit in this violent movement. #ImpeachTrump
Hippo
So now go do something about it.
It is your Christian duty to remove the @POTUS as he stands against the teachings of your lord and savior. Or are you not a Christian????
may be we should take away every body's freedom of speech ANTIFA will use force an do use force to silence those do believe as they do
Bless your heart. No one will believe you unless you decide to take action. We'll wait.
If you are truly grieved, do the Christian thing and fight with all your might against White nationalism and neo-Naziism.
That's the hate that hate made!
Not part of the Trump cult or did you just miss the rally in Charlottesville
We must have leaders and people who follow Jesus who will come out and CONDEMN RACISM AND HATRED. And to state so emphatically.
Are you referring to the white nationalist/neo-nazi extremists' acts of terrorism?
I'm grieved to with this violence n hate!! But where were these same people that keep their mouths shut when it came to Black Lives Matters!
If only you were in a position to do something besides talk or tweet.
You, so-called Senator, are utterly pathetic and worthless. 

Oklahoma deserves better. Sad!
James, you really need to be more substantial and risk some skin here. Platitudes won't do.
Boo Radley, you are either part of the problem or you are part of the solution. Which side are you?
Are you surprised? You voted to put folks like Sessions and DeVos into the Cabinet. Vote differently and I will believe you
GOVERN!!!
Prove it with actions, not words. Begin impeachment hearings.
Grieved? C'Mon Sen., NAME SOME NAMES! say you decry Bannon/Gorka. Say Alt-Right is All Wrong. Rebuke "deep state" as myth. #PaleButNotStale
Really?  Really?  I find that hard to believe given your support of Trump and the dog whistle politics you've used and supported.
But we all know you won't actually DO a goddamn thing
Don't be an enabler. Stand up to the guy at the top, chief promoter of this kind of hatred against human beings.
Incredibly grieved... weak language for the most foul chapter in human existence that's sadly still being written
You and the Republican congress must demand the Republican Whitehouse purge the Nazis from the administration
How is hating hate the same as hating non white people? There is not two sides in this situation.  Call it white supremacy
Thank you for saying this; please pressure .@POTUS to do the same. A Muslim driver would be called a terrorist; why not the white driver?
Call it what it is Senator, #DomesticTerrorism by a #HateGroup. If we cannot put the correct label on this act of violence it will never end
So much liberal whining. 
Say it! Racists. White supremacists. Nazis.
You aren't grieved about the white racist nationalism?  Would saying  that hurt your    core in Oklahoma?
#MidTerms Vote them all out.
Your president speaks out that all sides are wrong yet only one side came armend and TOOK an innocent life
What will you do to work toward greater unity? .@IndivisibleTeam .@IndivisibleOK
You should have chosen country over party. You are now part of this bigotry  and are causing this mess by not doing this...#ImpeachTrumpNow
But you won't name the hate groups or call it domestic terrorism?
You are grieved from far away.  Get up close and personal and say it!
Many sides????  Many sides?????  Do you support white nationalist because it sure sounds like your leader does. Disgusting.
Did you see the lame, milquetoast statement from Trump. He demonstrates again that he completely lacks leadership, yet you support him.
it does help when Sorus paid rioters are bused in. Why is Sorus still in this country?
Try this, Senator. I'm grieved by the hateful, violent actions of white supremacists in Charlottesville. A just society cannot tolerate them
Weak man.
When Americans are more afraid of their neighbor than North Korea it's time to step up and call them out Terrorists..not any other name..
If you are so agrieved then when are you going to stop this. When a person was murdered and 19 injured this is Domestic Terrorism!!
Really? You have helped push this kind of useless hate before Senator with your support of anti LGBT groups. Jesus wouldn't be on your side.
You are part of this, sir. You and every other who have not strongly distanced yourselves from 45 and his agents.
Blacks gathering like the  NAACP isn't considered racism why if whites do it their racist.
Take that grief and do the right thing by impeaching that racist criminal holding office as POTUS. Stop condoning the hatred with silence.
Disgusted at the events today, the hate and the people who were silent about the violence of fascist from anifta but now have a voice.
What real leadership says today. 
Then act. Work with other Senators and put an end to this. Punish those who elect to attack decent people, and end Nazis in America.
With no due respect sir, by standing by @realDonaldTrump and failing to condemn his actions, you have allowed this violence & hatred to grow
Nonsense. U r over reacting and being petty because u lost an election.
I will not argue w/ someone trying to take the disgraceful events of today & simplify the reactions to it as bitterness over an election.
It's time for president Trump to denounce David Duke the KKK and all other groups that is doing this in his name.
They are the same Nazis you silently voted next to for this pussy grabbing president
These are your ppl, Senator. You helped Trump spread his message of hate& division. You didn't speak up when you cld have made a difference.
 please.....
You need to denounce the alt right for what they are senator, Nazis.
David Duke supports DJT. 
Alt right supports DJT.
He supports back
he can actually and instd he's demagogues & panders to them. He's courted them and they are openly supported him. They're his base & core.
I think it's time for President Trump to disavow and condemn David Duke and the KKK and all the I hate groups that is causing all this
nazi's marching openly in the streets emboldened by T and R's.  Steve Bannon senior nazi supporter in WH? Stand up man or get out of office
Until you call your President out and have him denounce the White Supremacists and Neo Nazi's (his base and his WH staff) you are complicit
trump and republicans have been spewing this white nationalist hatred ever since he started his run for office yet u still support in full?
You should address this with your peers. Are we going to become a combative hateful nation? Will @GOP derail the 45 BannonMillerGorka agenda
So EXACTLY what's your opinion on BLM, Antifa and @keithellison's beloved terrorist org, Muslim Brotherhood?
Let's discuss the REAL PROBLEMS
D Duke stated this fulfills @POTUS ideals. DJT doesn't address this in his speech. What do u say? Can't change what u don't acknowledge.
lets hear you condemn the white supremacists. david duke just told the trump it was w/nationalist that put him in office and not to forget
It's heartbreaking
The leader of your party doesn't seem too sad. He blamed violence "on all sides". He needs to denounce the alt right.
#putinbot #blocked
Here I'll say it for you... the alt-right, Nazis, white supremacy, KKK, or whatever else people disguise it for, is absolutely disgusting.
JUST.SAY.NAZI.
@realDonaldTrump has inspired in this country!  He never called them out and, by supporting him, you are complicit in this violence !
Finally, someone who knows the meaning of complicit! 
Are you going to approach this act of terror from a "many sides" point of view?
