Lankford knew President Trump WAS NOT under investigation  long ago and he never mentioned it.
GOPwill be UNelectable4Decades after Trump. Good riddance. They show they are ok w Russia,corruption & Abuse of power IF ITS Republican Led!
And who sold our uranium to the Russians! Hypocrites!
We are also not very happy that our congress knew Trump wasn't under investigation and yet you said nothing!
I am embarrassed that you are my Senator. Get on the Trump train or get left behind. We the people put him in office, we want his agenda.
A light touch is how U describe Trump firing FBI Director Comey? Somehow I think Comey would disagree! So do MILLIONS of AMERICANS! Unreal!!
Not the ones in Oklahoma, and Lankford gets voted in by them. He knows he better stand by our president, or he will have short career.
Comey should have nailed killery she's the real criminal! He need to be investigated he a rat!
Fortunately for ALL Americans the entire investigation is being conducted by a Special Prosecutor who has 1 goal, to uncover the truth!
Sickening that you would believe LIAR & LEAKER #Comey over #POTUS. #TrumpTrain has had it w/ #GOP. Senate has accomplished ZERO 4 the Ppl.
Trump dropped a hint to end the investigation. Then admitted he fired Comey bc the Russia cloud is still following him. Lots of smoke here.
If the POTUS clears the room and asks the top law enforcement office to "let [this] go" that COERCION not light touch
Enlighten yourself and read GUILTY AS SIN,
This assumes Comeys is telling truth. The President denies this. So Senator, why are you comments appropriate?
Might want to check your facts. Comey has been proven wrong multiple times. DOJ has twice this year had to correct his testimony.
Couldn't be more enabling and dismissive a statement! After GOP went insane over Clinton Benghazi & email Invs-they show 'PartyOverCountry'.
Hey skelator!  Admit it he is too unqualified, incompetent and arrogant to be president #oilwhore
Total BS! Comey fired because @POTUS knew Comey would be honest in investigation. @realDonaldTrump manipulative character is well documented
Hey Sir- Did you hear Comey Testify on July 7th? Turns out there were 0 Classified emails-So you were wrong huh?  https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4609850/rep-elijah-cummings-exonerates-hillary-republican-witch-hunt-blame-accused-classified-emails …
It's time to move on how many millions or billions will be wasted on this fake narrative , we need health care border wall and more
What Trump did to Comey was not a 'light touch'. What was the purpose in minimizing it, Senator?
We the people expect to see perjury charges brought against Comey!
But then he fired him and crossed the line of obstruction. In trump's mind Comey was a threat, as was Yates and Bharara.
Oh naive Lankford. He put his feelers out, got shut down and knew he couldn't get Comey on board so abandoned that approach.
GOP is openly trying to blame an EYE Witness for having temerity to observe the crime.  Sickening what GOP has turned in2.
Do you have any idea how partisan you sound? I simply do not understand how you & your GOP colleagues so easily put Party B4 our Democracy!!
In your mind a "light touch" culminated in Trump firing Comey?  Disappointed in this obvious partisan talking point. Expect better from you.
Screw inappropriate. Trump won because he wasn't concerned with politically correct behavior. And O yeah, Comey's a criminal why belive him?
Yes, better to believe the man who lost his $25M fraud lawsuit.
He settled it... Didn't lose it. #facts

Light touch? He fired him.
Rightly so. Comey was leaking....
Word of the memos came out after the firing. Comey is not a Time Lord.
Comey started leaking long ago. You're a gullible fool repeating the MSM.
Why didn't Trump say that when asked why he fired him? Why did he say it was because Russia was a fake story that needed to end?
The leaks Trump was worried about wasn't his convos with Comey...it's just an excuse. He is on the record that he fired him b/c of Russia
Comey is on the record Trump did not collude with Russia
Comey is on record that he is not CURRENTLY under investigation. Comey didn't go as far as Trump wanted b/c the inv was ongoing
Concidering Comey said he interpreted the shit concerning Flynn. He wasn't told straight forward
Trump is Comey's Boss Trump has every right to express his opinions  as a boss in private as well as public. Trump can Pardon Flynn.
Really,,,,,,,,,,,,James Lankford after 8yrs of Blatant disregard for the law,  This gets a hit !
Why is Comey held in such high regard if the democrats and media believe he would be swayed by President asking to drop Flynn investigation?
A #LightTouch my a$$ 
Secret one on one dinner?
Clear the room I gotta intimidate this guy?!
Comey said: ongoing investigation.
THEN FIRED!

 PEOPLE! If Comey'd leaked damaging info about Prez Hillary after firing him 20 federal agents would have raided his house w/in the hour.
You need to hope the heads of NSA and CIA are never allowed to speak publicly.
He fired him, said the pressure was off now as he laughs with his Russian handlers while sharing sensitive intelligence to their benefit
"Light touch" seriously?  Is that like being a little bit pregnant?  It either is or is not illegal guys!
You are being complicit in the destruction of American democracy and security by partnering with lawless Trump
Light touch?  You are complicit.  Have you forgotten that Trump thereafter FIRED Comey???   Are you that stupid???
This could of been handle simply, mr. President it's not wise for us to speak alone. Comey made this a problem! I don't believe it's true!
This whole presidency is a scandal. One after another. From the campaign & taxes. The lies, the insults he hurls, the embarrassment he bring
This is why the public does not trust government. You deny what the rest of the world plainly sees. Its incredible & sickening to watch.
Not obstruction
The ship is sinking Senator it's time to put your life vest on ... you're tying your rope to a sinking ship
Where the HELL is the GOPs dignity & concern for own reputation because all of you are starting to look downright dirty. Quit excusing him.
"Light touch" right up until the point where he fired him. 
It was only a "light touch" of obstruction from the POTUS. Dangling the Directors job
Absolutely, and he doesn't really "grab" per say- he uses a light touch
Light touch? BLOTUS unable to deal with truly honest person. He was stymied without usual cronie assistance available, decided to sling mud.
When do you people draw the line? If this was anyone else they would have been hung by now. It is utterly crazy that u don't take it serious
Are you serious? Light touch? More excuses. He had 9 conversations with Potus in which most were asking him to back off. Then fired Comey.
No he was asking for Comey to tell the truth about hat he wasn't under investigation
Wonder what the next msm fake news will be Russian story over with
"Light touch?" I have a feeling had Obama done something like this, you & your colleagues would have called for impeachment already.
I wouldn't call firing the guy a light touch.
I wouldn't call firing a "light touch", Sen. Especially when Trump asked more than once for Comey to let it go with Flynn investigation.
Comey needs to be "lightly" touched otherwise he falls over in a faint...apparently
Wait..are these guys brothers? Is he talking to himself?
.@SenatorLankford Not "light touch". Trump cleared rm-intent obv. Trump lifelong con artist; Comey-experienced crime investig w integrity
Inappropriate?? If Obama had been inappropriate you would have lynched him. Pitiful. Do your job and stop making excuses for POTUS. SMH
Inappropriate yes, 
no smoke or fire 
investigate Lynch / Comey
Where were you Senator when Hilary had an unsecured server with classified info in her basement? Obama violating  4th amendment of everyone
Criminal? Go back to law school, POTUS obstructed justice by defending Flynn. Flynn should have gone as soon as Yates notified him. #Moron
@johndickerson partisan written on @SenSchumer forehead! Why not ask him "witch hunt"? Al this is BS & u & MSM know it-Wtf @FoxNews @nytimes
@POTUS "escaped the @WhiteHouse ? For golf club in Jersey? He left the weekend to Jersey sounds better, neutral in lieu of lib "escaped"!
@SusanPage "sunny way"? @USATODAY another @CNN Hey Dickerson u need 2 get unbiased panel.. we're 2 smart 4 ur partisan libs! @veteranstoday
Comey "playing hard ball"? BS @RealJamesComey "confused @ if I was stronger"? Guy is a whimp & "cover his butt"! @FoxNews @veteranstoday
Just watch whole InterviewThis is exactly how Lib MSM plucks like chickens They need to question the NYT reporter under oath for other leaks
Lankford is a LIAR
I don't think so, he never struggles with words and seems very intelligent
He fools people like you when he lies & says threats followed by firing amounts to light touch.He's a liar just like the Pres he defends.
So what would "heavy touch" look like?  Having some goons beat him while he makes these requests?
DISHONEST news analysis. You ARE furthering a political witch hunt. Nothing against Obama or Clinton. Attack Trump. Interview Schumer types.
Perhaps it was also another example of Trump's ineptitude in all things
Republican Party is a treasonous and obstructive party!!!
WTF. This guy is ridiculous. Comey did What he was supposed to do. Nobody has the right to defame you, and you not say anything
He far more intelligent than whiny baby No balls queezy Comey He was playing political games & not being law inforcement
I'm lost. Who are you referring to
Sen Lankford you made comment to
