No, but we also can no longer allow murder of an unborn child period!!
It's genocide, mass murder of beautiful little human beings!
#AbortNo
A #prolife Christian would also protect our planet, James, and provide healthcare. You are #probirth & need to own it.
what is the Christian teaching that mandates a national government provides free surgery and drugs?
Lou, Ever hear of healing the sick? Caring for the poor?  Pretty basic. Gov't is the best, most efficient vehicle.
Heard of those b4. Govy is not the best nor most eff, IMO. You go on to argue they are the next best option later, so pick one. You also 1/2
2/2 ignore the question to move the goalposts. There is not Christian teaching that says a disciple should pay the govt to handle this.
Where's the Christian teaching that says we should stand by and let children go hungry? Without common medical care? Cause that's happening.
I did not abort twins, only pregnancy, 37 yrs. old, my life was totally destroyed, but I love those babies so much.
I have found "missing" your tweets improves my level of stress!
.@SenatorLankford @JoeC1776 Abortion is a sinful disgrace to an America founded on Judeo-Christian principles. #tcot
We cannot be a nation that allows babies who miraculously survive a botched abortion to be left for dead on a hospital table. #ProLife
...and pillaging land & resources, genocide of native Americans and slavery...just throwing it in there
.@BlaqAnvil @SenatorLankford @JoeC1776 God allowed the pagan Indians to be overcome for his own reasons.
don't use religion to justify your blood-lust
Biblical Christians do Not have blood lust. That would be t/#Godless .@BlaqAnvil
Butcher shops don't have hospital tables senator.
where's the evidence behind this accusation? Or have you adopted the Trump approach of baseless accusations?
Will you please show us the reputable source for this tweet? TIA
lol what?  Where are all of these abortion survival babies? You seriously need to examine how much you think you know.
I think they're in a dumpster somewhere behind a "safe and legal" surgical killing center
He's making a provocative statement with zero sources & we are not ignorant enough to believe him.
Her name is Hope one of many survivors. She wouldn't have health problems had her mother not tried to kill her at 10w
I heard she voted for trump also
As a physician and Christian I am appalled at this brazenly inflammatory pandering statement.
Tread lightly.Actual medicine here;physiology of lung development and viability of survival in fetuses under 23 wks nil
Do you want to make abortion illegal or stop abortion? 2 different things, & your statement above is based on falsehoods.
You cannot make fantastical statements and expect the public to accept without verification. Be accountable. Source?
You, like many other Republicans, are #ProBirth, not #ProLife. Will you pay for medical care if they miraculously survive?
I would gladly use my tax $ to pay for med bills of the baby than on the abortion trying to take the baby's life
Where is your evidence for this. Separation of church and state
Until you support access to bc, comprehensive sex ed, healthcare & parental leave, your claim to be pro-life is a lie.
but reps don't want to help those already born or those with disabilities! How many have you adopted
And adoption is so expensive.
We have to help those women to be able to see their way through to the completion of that pregnancy.
not cutting off accessibility to birth control
This can be prevented by preventing unplanned pregnancy by
what are you talking about? Where has this happened?
Last I checked, 89% of abortions occurred in 1st trimester. Look it up - blastocysts are no bigger than a lime, have no
independent functions or ability to have them and don't even look like babies. "Babies" surviving abortion is a fantasy.
It's so good to know you're willing to support these babies with healthcare and education. What a relief.
@DANEgerus stand up for @realDonaldTrump Senator. Im a constituent getting sick of the games.
and their parents must work two jobs to support them. Pro-life should mean quality life for the living not the unborn.
Let's see, u & others cut as many social services as possible so our children don't have health insurance, good education,
.@SenatorLankford protect one protect all. Try to continue to care once the children are born....even the poor ones.
how you think this is more of a problem than hungry or homeless children is beyond me
until you support bills that mandate comprehensive sex ed & affordable access to conteraception, you need to be quiet.
we cannot be a nation that cares more about criminalizing abortion than reducing the rate thru sex Ed & contraception.
we cannot be a nation that only cares about children when they are in a woman's uterus.
@Liz_Wheeler No, we can not. 
if it bothers you that much, perhaps you should adopt.
but you do not want them to have care after they are born. Sad.
And thank you for speaking up for the millions of slaughtered babies, Senator! Pro-aborts won't fare well in history.
Idiots think an unplanned child justifies killing it. How about personal responsibility?! Thank you, Senator!!
a doctor in a L.A. planned parenthood does abortions up to 24 weeks isn't that murder.My nephew was born at 22
I'm also in favor of feeding poor students so they don't starve. Please support #publiceducation #prolifenotjustprobirth
1. Public ed has nothing to do with food 2. Don't kill babies.
@Liz_Wheeler we don't need to allow the abortion to begin with, that will solve the problem all together!
Democrat abortion mills kill mostly minority babies than sell their bodies out the back door like butcher shop meat.
Sick!
But we can be a nation whose Senators sold us out to internet data mining
@artkeiter that's what Obama wants to do
Obama isn't Senator or president coward
@Liz_Wheeler amen
We already are, Senator. Individual responsibility is the key to ending abortion. If there's no demand, there's no supply.
Defund Planned Parenthood!!!
WHY???
An organization willing 2 (illegally) sell baby parts should NOT receive federal support -even if not 4 abortion
14 felony counts against lthe video jerk
Yes.. lets prosecute the "villain" who videotaped a crime, ignore PP selling baby parts. 
VALID SOURCE?
You can't get these medical professionals on "failure to render medical aid"?  Re-write the law then!
I agree. And for those below this response, well they haven't been paying attention.
I suspect I have been paying more attention than you have
Nor can we allow children to be starved, neglected, and uneducated.  You seem to ignore the kids, who have been born.
well folks as you can see there is no evidence of anything that has been questioned. Climate change, abortion, nothing.
you won't get anything either, same same Gorsuch Senator Lankford supports Mr. Gorsuch so long story short he's not for
the American ppl, not for the children, or affordable or free health care, he is only for big corporations. We are out.
but we can be a nation who denies healthcare coverage for babies born with serious medical conditions. Got it.
and also give money to countries that support terrorists bc every issue is all issues
where is your evidence of these babies sir?
We cannot be a nation that allows babies required to be born to starve, be abused, or lack education. ProLife All Life!
You crossed the line on this. If you use fake news stories to sopport your religious views, you do not deserve to serve.
So....your beef is against Christians?
No. My concern is with government officials using their power to advance their religion.
Safe, accessible and legal is the way to ensure such things don't occur. That an access to affordable birth control.
no, this happens in doc offices where your standard is met. "let's kill babies better" =/= progress
Pandering must be one of your best hobbies...
then don't stand on your little twitter soap box DO SOMETHING  FOR GOD'S SAKE please.
who is going to adopt these miracle babies?  So many children are failed by the foster/adoption system already
sounds like "who will give ppl in poverty X standard of living?... Noone? OK then let ppl kill them!" 
perfect reason to keep abortion safe, legal, rare.  Education is key.  Banning will not end it. #proLife AND #prochoice
If you Dems make it any more rare, I'll get an abortion -- and I'm a guy!
but I thought you supported #deathpenalty? #ProLife and #ProDeath? Whatever gets more votes I guess.
because every issue is all issues 
yet you strip funding to public schools. How about supporting the lives you are saving?!
We cannot be a nation that ignores climate change! We cannot be a nation that turns our back on refugees!
Yes we can, thank heavens!
No, but we can let those babies die because the GOP denies them health care. And ol folk. And po' folk. Wait #ProLife doesn't end at birth
can you explain how not forcing the federal govt to give sth for free = denial?
Can you explain why you think health care is shit?
Can you explain the difference between health care and health insurance?
do you believe abortion should be legal in any situation?
doesn't think being a women should be legal. They need heathcare that he doesn't & to him that's criminal.
& you think all kittens should be murdered because ad hominem attacks make my poor logic feel better
Are you high? Cite a source
Make sure they survive so we can cut their Medicaid off?
Otherwise we are the same as China.
You are NOT pro-life. You are pro birth. Once born, you don't give a shit!
