I have an idea!!! STRICTER GUN LAWS.
That idea has worked well in the U.K. hasn't it!
It has worked exceedingly well actually
Yes, yes it has. The number of gun deaths  in the UK is a fraction of ours, proportionally.
That's a different question, then, isn't it? Murders where? With what weapon? Perpetrator known to victim, or stranger-on-stranger?
Sensible gun laws. It's what God wants and expects. Search your soul and you'll see
No, that's not it.
To each their own. I believe so.
Would you feel better if they were knife or hammer murders?
Don't be absurd. Guns are far more effective killing devices and need to be regulated heavily
No, no they don't. But you guys can keep trying.
fact is that all other developed countries have sensible gun laws, and gun murder rates are between 10 & 20 percent of ours. Sad
Fact is we are like no other country in the world. Stop trying to be like rest the world.
Take the $11,463 you've accepted from the @NRA and allocate it to gun control measures.
What is your plan for gun control Gregg. Talk is cheap.
Anything more than crocodile tears as they accept NRA $.  Any action is better than #thoughtsandprayers
What's your plan? Door to door searching for weapons? Change the constitution. $1.00 per round tax on ammo? The U.K. Killings. Van & knives.
A van or knife didn't kill 20 kids here in CT at their school.
Fertilizer, diesel fuel and hot rod gas killed 168 citizens in Oklahoma City. Planes dropped the twin towers. A killer is a killer.
Might as well hand out ar15s then, right?
U R a Strong honest man. I see U doing great things for the country.  Few like you. We need more Lankfords in congress. Support his efforts.
God say to get rid of guns of mass destruction.
Mueller needs to go...nothing there! ENOUGH!  Work on Pres agenda....PLEASE!!!!
When r u people going to do ur job,support our pres.prosicute the real criminals,lynch,obama,Clinton.stop spending $$ on witch hunt.
JAMES - God does not need to show us, he already has!  Many people just won't comply with His Divine Laws of Establishment.
You're praying to the same God who allows this to happen, over and over again. That's a definition of insanity. Look what Australia did! 
And just how much did you take from the NRA?
The answers are obvious.  No need to pray.  Start passing legislation to protect Americans from GUN violence.
Want to see the U.S. come together? Stop trying to fuck us in every law possible.
Better gun laws.
Wrong
that was may idea what's yours?
Did the doctors and nurses gather around the injured and pray to an imaginary entity in the sky or actually deal with the wounds?
No, God gave them ability to be useful in helping repair those wounds.
They went to med school for that.
Wonder if everyone that WENT to med school actually FINISHED med school 
Surely not.
Prayers are good. And #WeNeedPatriots #ShowUstheBill #AHCA, remember it is a #TAXCUT masquerading as Health Care. #noCaringOrHealthThere.
make it harder for people to have guns and stop using the state as a weapon against the people you are supposed to protect
He did. He gave you compassion and common sense. Use it for gun legislation
Amen
You have the power to change this horror-show. If you value human life, here is the place to prove it.
Here's a start: Give back the NRA $$. Pass bi-partisan common-sense gun laws. Background checks. No loopholes. No assault weapons.
Enough prayers. Babies died at Sandy Hook. We send kids to school hoping they'll come home. Do your job. Pass common-sense gun laws.
How come one congressman gets shot and it's time for action. 12 people were murdered In chicago this week only and its only Thursday.
@MaxineWaters  destroyed her district in California, you must get her investigated asap , she's got real Russian ties and $$
@MaxineWaters  @NancyPelosi   Must be  #Impeached  or unseated , we can't take anymore of their fake news , #ImpeachMaxine is #evil
Capital hill police are American hero's.   thank you 
#IStandWithTrump.   Hope you are onboard with President Trumps agenda , we elected him , we love him .. yesterday was horrible, scary
#AmenThatSenatorLangford
We stand in agreement with you Sen. Lankford.
You're not elected to pray. You're elected to pass laws and solve problems.
Thank you Sen. Lankford
STRONG.
God's Word shows us the way. Stand up against racism and hatred from wherever it comes. No one should get "a pass".  No one. #Alexandria
Amen Senator, without giving in to evil demands.
How to respond?  Start working for the people instead of for the party.
#America deserves more than thoughts and prayers.  We need #GunSafetyLaws #ProtectPeople @NRA should not control our #Government.
Hope you don't listen to @RandPaul
God gave you a brain and common sense. Enact common sense gun laws or your words are just hollow.
I pray you finally do something
I pray that you grow a set Sen Lankford. Start by doing what we in Okla elected you to do. 1st step is to get squarely behind POTUS.. Now

We know that tougher gun laws = fewer gun deaths, @SenatorLankford

Pls buck the $11,463 you got from @NRA and at least *consider* them https://twitter.com/SenatorLankford/status/875047312657174529 …
You’re a Senator. Not a pastor. You have the power to DO something. Stop your damn praying and take action. It’s your actual JOB.
What you do is stop taking thousands from the NRA, and make tougher gun control laws. See you don't even have to pray to god for that answer
You need to support the President. That would be a start!
1 GOD 1 WAY CONGRESS CAUSE THIS BECAUSE THEY KEEP SAYING WE CAN DO AS WE PLEASE LANKford the elephant God man
I'll leave this right here. Do you or do you not care about our veterans??
Oklahoma: 19,000 veterans covered by Medicaid, @jiminhoffe and @SenatorLankford http://familiesusa.org/product/cutting-medicaid-would-hurt-veterans …
AMEN! Thank you for that prayer!
#GunControl might be a good idea.  @god can you help out here?
When you seek to obscure the truth through misleading questions during the Comey hearings, I find your actions speak louder than your words.
Realize ur a make-believer & follow Him!
hyyyyy
We've been telling you for years. More mental health care. More gun screenings. Fewer automatic weapons. You just don't listen to God
And pass gun laws to protect the innocent that don't carry guns on a daily basis. You know, like school kids and everyone else
Read the Bible it's in there
Amen to your prayer for our nation. And I'm praying for you.
James,we are not dealing with RATIONAL DEMOCRATS,the are revolutionary folks who lost there way including there leadership
While you wait for god to respond, please try something different. Regulations and mental health care. YES, they are related! Thank you sir.
It's called better gun control
What was meant for evil God will turn everything around for the good.... watch for the signs of God's hand in things and you will understand
So what does God need to show you to convince you that current gun control laws are not working?
Gods given you the answer. You just won't listen
What is an example of the last time you changed a political position because God asked/directed you to?
really? REALLY?!!!
I'm very anxious to hear what God tells him! #godonguns
The Damage caused by Democrats can NEVER & EVER let Americans come back together. USA is Divided and this situation is going to WORSEN.
How about common sense gun legislation? God wants smart guns.
ugggghhhhh...guns are stupid. Your ideas arent realistic. no 1 is identifying with this BS
Universal background checks, stricter gun laws,&more gun free zones. There's a starting point now #doyourjob #Ivote
A message from Dr. Martin Luther Kings daughter you at the GOP truly need to heed.
We treat God like he is our butler. When we need him we pull his chain. Otherwise we don't want him in our daily lives.
then you wring your hands and wonder why..blame it on Dems..We are peaceful..abhor violence..your own fault clean your own yard
Remember when you all cheered for giving the mentally ill gun rights.stated GOD given rights to own guns, concealed carry. this is why NO
Pray for wisdom. That you listen to His wisdom. Sometimes you have to look beyond "a right", and see "what's" right.
When you want to murder so many of us with your AHCA, you put a racist in the wh with this rhetoric https://youtu.be/DeFdPBBfh30  you did this
Thank for an appropriate message after the horrid events this morning.
Need more of this. Everyday-Jesus.
Unfortunately, the other side doesn't believe in God.  They booed Him at their convention.
Yeah, that praying isn't working out too well. I think we need a plan B.
With due respect, maybe you should be tweeting this to @POTUS
Great message Senator James!! God bless you and all members of senate and congress!
You and the rest of Congress can put a stop to it but only by putting aside partisan and corporate politics.
Even the left is feeling anger and betrayal and until the government leadership changes I expect it to continue to escalate.
i do not condone violence but I do expect more to come.The Conservative right wing has encouraged violence so much that even the left
"Just guys practicing baseball" also, just guys taking away ur insurance, dismantling bank regulations, getting cash fm the NRA..just..guys
I really don't think you will like, nor even accept God's response.  It's out of line with the NRA. "You have heard it said, but I say . . "
#thoughtsandprayers don't save innocent lives
I pray that you use your damn brain to figure out how to stop shit like this from happening.
I hope this is the thing that makes Congress awake to need for bkgrd checks. Children dying, didn't, but I hold out hope.
Senator, I'm born and raised in Oklahoma. Been stationed or loved all over the country. We have the capacity to come together, I've seen it!
Lived! Damn autocorrect!
Thank you Senator Lankford for being a true statesman & leader. I agree totally!
How about we limit magazine sizes for a start? God would appreciate that.
This morning: Four killed in shooting at San Francisco UPS facility, including gunman - LA Times
I pray for all, today. The way to response is stricker gun laws. No way around it!
How about using your brain to come up with a solution instead of waiting on a higher power. He gave you a brain, use it.
For one thing bring Russian madness to an end. You have talked to enough. July is a long time ago. Bring your findings out. NOW!
I don't agree with much of your politics but I admire your leadership you have displayed over the past sev weeks even before this tragic day
Good Job.
Hypocrite. Do you care about kids killed every day or the unarmed black and brown people murdered daily by police? Don't count?
Are you even aware of how many mass shootings we have in this country, almost on a daily basis? If you are, you sure don't care. #gunsense
Recognition/right & wrong-strict adherence 2 law & order w/meaningful punishment of offenders& most of all nat'l return 2 God of our fathers
really Senator? you have no ideas? How about stop supporter the NRA and pass tougher gun laws. This is absurd already
omfg you ^^^ guys r hilLIARyous. He's from okla we all git guns here. In Heartland everybody shoots when your big enuff
Stop praying and do something about it!
On this horrible tragedy, the left sends its astroturf after you.
The left is sick. Completely sick.
I happen to be a very sweet person, actually. Unfortunate you have this attitude towards your everyday, fellow Americans.
Thank u Senator Lankford for being one of the only grown ups in Congress. Your leadership is what this country needs right now. Thank u!
@SenatorLankford Leave God out of this,
He didn't say "Let there be GUNS to kill each other"
KIDS could've been KILLED ~ Damn U
I'm not praying, I'm expecting our elected officials to grow up and start working together for the good of the country. USA before party.
God Gave Us Brains, Common Sense, Compassion. Constitution gave Us Lawmakers. Now, #DoYourJob. Well Regulated=Lives Saved.
And one day you will do more than pray about problems right?
Seriously? That's all you think people that believe do? Wow....
God told me you should quit being a prostitute for the NRA and pass legislation that will make us all safer.
Sir, will you now work with your colleagues for reasonable gun laws? There is proof this works! Say no to @NRA support & make us safer!
Pass gun legislation. It's pretty obvious to people not taking money from the NRA
No. Obvious to the naive, like you, that one can legislate conscience.
Please stop calling the shooting this AM a "tragedy". Was it horrible? Yes-- in NO way comparable to Charleston, Orlando, Sandy Hook, etc.
Pray that God instructs the NRA to give you more money so that more people die and go to heaven because, obviously, God is lonely.
Do Nothing MCCLXXXIII
Lesser and Lesser
This summer. In IMAX 3-D
I am a law abiding citizen and I want stricter gun regulation. We need liability insurance coverage on gun ownership.
God: "Strict gun control. Like in all other civilized nations."

GOP: "Ensure all Americans own assault rifles, check. We're on it, God"
Civilized my ass. No not happening.
What was that? Sorry, I can't hear you over the noise of all the mass shootings not happening up here in Canada.
Amen Senator Lankford, if two or more agree in Gods name, our prayers will be answered. Thank you for your dedication to our Nation.
I'm willing to bet god is shaking his head at you.
How many signs from god do u need to come to the conclusion that the majority in America want better kinds of regulation in owning guns?
We need more than prayer-we need officials 2 understand that more weapons=more death&injury here & in middle-east #gunsense

YOU GO FIRST.
Honestly not even investigating that there are potential improprieties with the circumstantial evidence involved is incompetent! #SethRich
I stand with you!
i like how everyone is acting like God would oppose guns when Christ ordered his deciples to arm themselves. Luke 22:36
Thank you for your Godly leadership. I pray for you everyday.
Finally if you have to ask god to solve a problem for you, shouldn't you ask someone who, AT LEAST, have suggestions while your god answers?
But he won't. So, then what? Oh, I know, put party over country, put religion over party. Oh, wait. That's what we have.
Start with who killed #SethRich and why! It doesn't appear that anyone from your Intel committee is even considering this as a possibility!
Sir this country is divided. Both Democrats & Republican must come together to heal & reunite ur nation. No party wins if the nation suffers
"Also, I think there's a little thing called 'help yourself and I'll help out". Which part of 'HELP YOURSELF' do you not understand?" --God
My vote did not in the past and will not in the future go for you!
...you are good and honorable and moreover an inspiration
"Virtually ALL 1st world countries on your little planet understood the message. Yet you still want someone else to act for you." --God
God would suggest to you that you have power to initiate gun control.  You are the problem, and yeah, the NRA.  Look in the mirror.
No it's folks like you that are the problem. You can't stop people from killing each other by passing laws.
Rule of law sir! To many elites getting away with criminal deeds. The lawlessness is destroying the very freedoms we enjoy! Dividing country
This is the type of leadership our country needs. Would love to see Mr Lankford in the White House someday
One could say that He keeps giving you examples of why gun control is needed.  And that you ignore it and take $ from NRA. Who is at fault?
God doesnt give a rats ass about ur gun laws
Don't forget that public safety and security includes prevention and not just response. Please help keep guns out of hands of dangerous ppl.
You are right! We SHOULD ban Democrats from owning guns
impeach trump instead of protecting him. he is a commie and you guys need to do your job, and your job isn't giving taxcuts to the rich
Look from within, Senator
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
You're welcome for correcting your falsehood.
How about not using your Senate seat as a pulpit, remember your Constitution from grade school?
Thank you for your faith, compassion, and prayer. May God continue to use you for His glory as you serve Him in the US Senate.
Hey man, you know what would help instead of prayers? Prohibiting civilians' access to military-grade weapons.
I pray to God that our Senators will do their jobs and put country before party. A big fail for you yesterday, Senator.
Very, very naive. Well-meaning, but naive. The left is populated by evil people.
God has shown you the answer:you just have to look at other western countries, their strict gun laws, and the far fewer gun deaths they have
Your god wont help you when you are burning in hell
You know what to do. Yet, so many of you allow your decision making to benefit whoever writes the biggest check.
Reject the NRA and put in sensible gun laws that will still allow ownership. It's not difficult.
Thank you for your prayer today. Much needed right now.
When push comes to shove you prefer NRA money to your God. You prove this year in year out.
I'm sure god will get back to you in due time but until then, stop taking $$ from #NRA and begin to pass GOOD SENSE #GunControl
Um, duh. And they have this senator and many like him in their pocket so it is not fiscally attractive to them to stop the killing  Now shoo
Yes i am.  You want a pistol from 1776 thats great.  Ow, no guns
than you for praying...in Jesus name
Your words ring so hollow.
How to respond? Are you joking? Try passing some basic gun control laws to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally unbalanced!
If you actually took this to God (or Jesus), you would definitely not like the answer.
This is on the GOP....Change the Laws
We cant come together as nation while our GOP Congress allows fake Russian/Trump invest. We know it is to intimidate stopping him from good
.@SenatorLankford, the question then becomes, not so much "Is God speaking?" but rather "Am I hearing God?" The responsibility is ours.

That bout says it all
Both of you are completely classless.
.@SenatorLankford, God is ALWAYS showing us how to respond: With humility, with prayer, with responsibility & with morality. (2 Chron. 7:14)
God says try implementing tougher gun laws. He told me himself
@RosterMonster only @god can stop gun violence! We should have tweeted at him ages ago!
Your prayers are meaningless as long as you continue to support the gun and ammunition industry.
How about you quit making wishes and DO SOMETHING!!!

Thank you, Senator, for your servant leadership in our nation's capital. May the Lord strengthen & bless you for your faithfulness to Him.
Can God give you the conscience to keep you from accepting over $11k in NRA donations?
Zero to do with what happened today.
Sorry, but it's hard for me to imagine a bill passing that more easily allows the mentally ill to buy guns if the NRA wasn't lining pockets.
Whether or not you think further firearms legislation is the answer, gun lobby's relationship w/ Congress connects w/ incidents like today's
No, no it doesn't.
God knows gun control works. Standing up to your NRA master works too.
The only way this will happen is for the country to turn back to God,
Really? You don't think your god shows you what to do every time there's a shooting like this? Or are you just that oblivious?
Think I heard the response: ur a US #Senator w/ more power than god to change laws so violent ppl can't get guns- #DoSomething.@Bradybuzz
I pray to dog people stop using religion as their go to for everything and actually do something for a change.
How about revisiting common sense gun laws that you voted against? @gop
God has shown you murder rates in every other developed country with gun legislation. Open your eyes and close your wallet to the NRA.
Because prayers have worked so well thus far, right?
god gave you brains use them.
I thank you for your kind words and respectfully ask for stricter gun laws.
Seconded! (Her words are more tempered than mine would have been. )
You mean those times the Dems tried to pass reasonable gun legislation after Orlando? Or Newtown?
Good point!  Time to ban Democrats!!
You have anything to say on mass shooting & victim's in San Francisco?  Just  not concerned because they are in liberal CAPITAL ?  Hypocrit
In other words; Im not going do shit to make anything better
another one of those CINOs: Christian in name only, or only when it's good pr.
We can either come together or keep taking blood money from the NRA. Pray on that
