Come on! Be a great leader!  fix it to make it great, dont just analyze.  take action!  Help where you can ! ask Drs what it needs
Be honest, this bill does not give your constituents better care for lower cost it gives the wealthy more wealth. #VoteNo
I've emailed asking you to continue the dialog, find a better solution. We all deserve better!
Please don't vote for it.
 Lets make this easy. Oklahomans already know you will vote for every bill Mitch & Kochs give you. s/OKvoter
Oh come on! You already know it's not. And, it won't be until they add the ability to  buy healthcare across state lines.
Right away, the age to income rates are ridiculous. 350% of the poverty line is still barely above a comfortable living wage.
How much of a tax break does this yield you? It sure doesn't help the middle class
Trumpcare will sell out the most vulnerable constituents for tax breaks. Vote No! (PS: I'm a constituent)
I am concerned that once again average Oklahomans are being hurt. This is not going to help anything.
Cut the . We all know you're going to capitulate to donors and hurt your constituents. You don't have the  to do what's right.
"Affordable and practice". That what a dad says to the kid before he tells them they're getting a shitty car when they're 16.
When analyzing, consider making poor people pay more for less while cutting taxes for rich? Cruel? Isn't no individual mandate unworkable?
I'm a constituent. And also a foster mother of two disabled children. And an RN. With a grandparent in a nursing home. Vote no. It's not ok.
"Insurance markets are collapsing, costs are rising, choice is nonexistent. Americans deserve better. #BetterCare"
How do you fix them Andy? Getting more people off of Medicare doesn't do this. #dumb
As it is now is #dumb .
So you would replace a bad plan with a worse plan? On what planet is that a fix? Keep working on a new plan. This plan is not the right one.
This is a healthcare bill in name only, it takes away from the most vulnerable and gives over 800 billion in tax breaks for the wealthy. No
It's not practical. 65% of nursing home residents count in Medicaid. What happens with this bill? If this passes it will devastate OK.
Make some calls.
I call every day. Thanks for the tip.
Me also.
A HealthCare bill which, in 142 pages, does not mention the word 'women' can not be practical for all. Vote No. Rep the people. #VoteNoAHCA
Vote no. Fix ACA.
He's going to "research" it like he did w DeVos & we know how that went. #AHCA is what his mega donors want. He never asked OK what we want.
Yes, his actions aren't matching his voice.
It's a death knell  4millions of Americans & for what?  So  very rich can get a tax cut they don't need? Where's the sense? or the decency?
This is a more "civilized" version of the purge.
Please do. But realize that this bill takes care away from the vulnerable and gives money to the already wealthy. What would Jesus do?
I read it, it will increase my cost. The AARP will come for your seat if you vote for it.
It isn't. But you're gonna ignore what Oklahomans think/want and send us a letter saying that it seemed right to support it
and, as always, sign it "In God we trust"
If you vote for Trumpcare you're not a true Christian
Thanks for making it easily accessible to your constituents. Sincerely
It's immoral to vote yes on a bill where 22 million Americans and lots of Oklahomans would lose insurance and die. Vote No!
I wish I could believe you, but  I know you will line up behind Trump just to say you repealed Obamacare.
I have read it sir.  Please vote "no" for the well being of 23 million people.
And what will you do if it is not?
Read it yesterday, I didn't see the part where exemptions for Senators and Congressmen are eliminated.Still not good for you not good for US
I'll hold you to that, sir. I WANT to believe.
If you are a TRUE Christian, you will #VoteNoAHCA as Jesus cared for those that needed help. He did not kill them.....
PLEASE vote to protect the poor and working class people of thus country and not for tax cuts for the rich.
The insurance industry cares about profits not healthcare. We can't let them drive the discussion.
Oklahoma is already imploding due to incompetent state legislators, we could use a break. Don't let us down. Please.
Remember that oklahoma's children have more multiple childhood traumas than any other state. That means we need good healthcare.
Affordable and practical to almost zero Oklahomans.  Terrible bill
So you going to have a couple of AIDS go after it with highlighters and then pretend like you read it, is that right?
Gov funded healthcare can not be practical. Give healthcare back to the private sector. What's practical is capitalism. Vote NO and REPEAL!!
Please do not support!
How many thousands of constituents have asked you to vote no? Will you vote to represent them, or be a party sycophant? Vote No. save lives.
It is neither affordable NOR practical. This is disastrous. Vote NO, unless you desire this to be your legacy. Find a moral compass.
Join the other republican senators who have the intestinal fortitude to stand up to this con. Too many of your constituents would be hurt.
It is cruel shit on a plate. No need to "analyze" Einstein
No need to analyze, it's neither of those.
Have any of the people commenting actually read the entire bill themselves, not relying on what CNN or FOX said it says? I have not, yet.
If u have, can u report which page it says where everyone is going 2 b kicked off Medicaid, or the rich r getting tax breaks?
This is not a healthcare plan. It's a way to move wealth from the poor & middle class to the wealthy.  We see this. Do the right thing.
Take it from a nurse, if this passes it will decimate nursing homes in OK. 93% of NH residents receive Medicaid. They will all go under.
Make some calls to those that were elected.
The bill is junk it's a ObamaCare makeover, let it crash and burn and let the free market fix what you people messed up.
How many children in OK use Medicaid, how many older citizens in nursing homes? Is OK with all there extra money paying for it?
Please think about all Oklahomans not just OKC please.Includes women, children & the elderly that don't live in McMansions
Vote NO#
You're pretending so you can make a trash bill pass for Party /over/ The People
How u can say Medicaid will be better, when they're now saying it will cut hundreds of billions of $$$ from Medicaid shows that u r  lying!
Please do not reduce funding for Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program.  The AHCA helps no one, and it hurts Oklahoma's CHILDREN!
Vote for this, and I & Plenty of Others will Campaign Our asses off next Election to Vote U Out!!
AHCA will decimate those who live in rural OK but you already know that. How you are not already a NO vote is unconscionable! Fake Christian
Better be something U & Ur Family are willing to have to be on as well as The American Public! U ARE AN EMPLOYEE PAID BY US! REMEMBER THAT!
If Trumpcare is better than why dont you GOP members take it!Because all House & Senate is bought by the lobbyist! Google it up it tells u
Your on CNN lying about Medicaid! Millions will be kicked off of this & ACA is much better! Why do you senators get ACA & we dont?
Americans deserve affordable health ins that actually provides benefits....a healthy nation is a strong nation......
You wouldn't understand the CBO algorithm anyway, why are you looking for excuses to support a death bill.
OMG did you just lie on CNN about Medicaid!? People in your state r not gonna buy the GOP's lies. This will kick off almost 1 mil ppl in OK
Please Analyze if Hurting Children is Acceptable in The Republican Party so the Rich Get Tax Breaks. #trumpcare
Vote Yes and then we can get a republican who cares about their state during the next primary. Huge tax cuts for rich. We won't forget.
Will you commit to pushing for the same number of hearings on AHCA as the ACA before you vote for it? One week isn't enough time to analyze.
How is it affordable and practical to give tax cuts to those that make 200 grand per uear when most OK residents make less than 100000
Aaaaand the answer is, NO, IT IS NOT OKAY.
If Senators and Congressmen are exempt (again) I'll fight against it vehemently.  What's flood enuff for US should be good enough for ya'll
Full repeal please!
Unlikely you'll be able to ensure anything Americans need. This bill only claims to help lower insurance costs, not the actual healthcare
It doesn't even do that. It is just a huge tax cut for the rich to reduce Medicaid for poor and disabled.
I don't know. I guess I can actually read this one this time to see for myself if its only 145 pages.
Insurance but those of us who are not are struggling it's not right & I want change
Any bill that doesn't repeal completely is crap! Gov't is the problem!  There are many options that would be more affordable w/out gov't
Yeah dusty getting the government entirely out of healthcare is the solution !
Gov't destroys everything it touches. Free Market would settle most issues. Competition would lower prices.
So if you are an insurance company what premium would you charge for a 65 year old person with congestive heart failure ?
Depends.  Do you already have insurance? Are you buying in for the 1st time?  I can't give you a number, too many variables.
Plus Health care isn't a "right", but a service. If you get more private sector choices, companies will compete for your $$$
I respectfully disagree. You right to reasonable care
You can have reasonable care, but what the gov't is offering is garbage.  Private sector will always be better.
Here in Oklahoma if ur NOT on mecaid u have premiums that are outrageous or u have one crap choice on Obamacare. Look I get it if ur on FREE
You have to vote no. OUR Gov. will kill us all if you give her all that power.
If you give gov Fallin any power over our health ins we are all doomed.
James, this will be devastating for rural Oklahoma in particular and terrible for everyone else. Even Trump thinks is mean Just stop already
You already know what's in it and you're going to vote yes.  Btw, your voicemail is full in your office.
Please vote no on the bill. Work to keep the ACA and fix it.
Remember, @SenatorLankford , the Jesus you proclaim to follow, is watching you.  If you're a true believer, you'll be judged by your actions
Just do your job and protect people by not voting for this monstrosity
Call it what it is, a tax cut for the extremely wealthy by taking away healthcare from the most vulnerable. Do not pretend otherwise.
Make some calls. They are elected by us.
Have made calls. Doubt he will listen any more than he did on DeVos, Pruitt or Sessions.
Will you have the moral courage to vote against Repeal and Replace?
Government needs to get out of healthcare completely or own healthcare completely.
I am disabled an need my Medicaid please vote no
Spoiler alert: it's not.

We cannot afford a huge tax cut for the extremely wealthy. It's madness.
Hopefully if you differ with the CBO scoring you can let us know exactly how their analysis is flawed.
That's his game plan. Pretend to be undecided then fault the CBO process and vote yes. He gains attention & camera time.
As your constituent, I expect a no vote on a bill that hurts the elderly and lower classes. Raise my taxes. I'm happy to follow Jesus.
Is this a joke? Please do not support this.
And when it isn't...?
Looks like Cruz, Lee, and DR. Paul don't like it. Too much obamacare skeleton. Maybe you should talk to them about their objections.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
Yeah...you can't do that either. My policy in NE was much cheaper because we didn't have a high percentage of under/uninsured motorists
Please don't leave the power to cover pre-existing conditions in our governors hands. We need reassurances, not what ifs and maybes.
Please do.  And please be sure this is only the first step to reforming the huge mess PPACA has made so much worse.
Just a talking point for trump surrogates.
Because that's what JL does best - regurgitate GOP talking points. He's a good water boy.
