Live in OK.  Sen Lankford my district. Trusting you to read healthcare bill before vote. 2009 when dems so irresponsible by not reading it
Vote No on Trumpcare.  It has been conceived haphazardly without proper vetting.

We need preexisting conditions put back into the heath care bill

@SpeakerRyan don't worry we definitely won't RT this picture of you holding a dildo more times than that stupid free nuggets tweet. 
2018 coming! Elections will put you out of congress! We will fight for it!
Regulations are protections for the people
They don't care. Obama put in place a guaranteed protection for us working folks against unsavory money managers. GOP took that one away.
Many hard-working Americans lost their jobs due toharmful, hurtful exec orders issued by Obama. He never considered unintended consequences.
I don't understand why it's so hard to focus on the here and now. The GOP's making up their own rules that will jack you up. Fact
I dont remember anyone saying Obama didn't have his own issues. But, Donald is President now. Why is it so hard to understand? Don't care?
The GOP & Donald are coming up with bills that will screw the average worker, you won't care until one of those bills screw you directly?
It's like they've declared war on the American people
Declared war on the American people who both voted AND didn't vote for Donald. Amazing supporters don't see that.
You people are living for revenge. You can't stand that a black, well educated man became one of our most respected presidents.
bigots doing everything to repeal what you call is a blackman's legislation.  your next act is to bring back slavery!

It's not so quiet. And their constituents are watching the favoring of big business over independent business and American workers.
Greedy bastards 
@SenatorLankford @POTUS @HouseGOP @NRO Fighting to make sure every child is born, only to make sure none have health coverage.
The message is, "Don't come out."
Why so quiet? Could it be if people found out what is actually happening, they wouldn't like it?
halt "SNOWFLAKES!"
Where exactly is God Country? Is it somewhere in America? I noticed you follow a lot of Fed Gov but no local?
🕇

Luke 15:10
Likewise, I say unto you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth.
So you don't live in US? FYI: Americans don't use quotations on the word snowflakes. But remind me oh biblical scholar, who is Mammon?
why do you hate God?
I don't hate God. Why do you call people names, and lie about living in the US? WWJD? Maybe U R more familiar w/ the Estonian term Mammona?
show me proof

Some of those regulations were good things. But if Obama did it, yup terrible must take it away.
You will never make ppl happy! Get Gov out of healthcare 100%. Our Gov does not owe ppl their HC. We want it we pay for it.
FBI COMEY IS OUT OF CONTROL!!!  HE HAS BECOME JUDGE & JURY!!!  HE NEEDS TO RESIGN!!!   GET HIM OUT!!!

Translation: You are working hard to eliminate protections put in place to protect American citizens from unscrupulous business practices.
The American people don't want this just like we don't want you to repeal ACA! Stop pretending you were elected to do these things!
Congratulations on the killing of thousands of americans. Their blood is on your hands.
Republicans biggest disgrace!





Obama era regulations help keep us safe. You are killing the people with your greed-induced deregulations. You won't be safe from it either
Do know that Members are putting in work passing me notes with instructions 1 of them involving the 25th Amendment
Do you know what a Pro tempor is? cause I do I don't want to hear nothing about  our institutions I told u that's my job
A writing declaration that's what it is. I didn't spend years learning something for any of u to change it just as im getting im playing
For replacement or impeachment
Overall, that will be bad for the health and safety of Americans.  But you hacks only care about votes and $$
Look at the millions and millions of people you are hurting! You all should be ashamed!
We, the @SenateGOP, are relentlessly, quietly succeeding in repealing the 21st century. We'll have you back in the 19th before you know it.
Also called "screwing workers."
You are KILLING America resources and raking in $$ from companies. you are all SHAMELSS, & DISGUSTING. 11/6/2018 is coming @Indivisible_KC
So you can benefit only yourselves and the rich. You desperately want to harm millions by taking away their insurance. Vote NO if AMERICAN
Keep telling yourself this bull shite, you will lose so big in 2020. We will not forget ACA lite or this budget RINOS! #FullRepeal #DefundPP
You say that like it's a good thing!?!?  SHAME ON YOU!!!!!!!
You also need to cut #SecretService protection for past presidents to 8-10 years & undo that law @BarackObama signed re NOT curbing pension
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS @HouseGOP @NRO are quietly destroying America legislatively!
Please! Will you idiots at least just read the Constitution? Applying it might then become an option for you.
Let's Lower Health Care Cost by Healthy eating habits with USDA & FDA approved Anutra Omega 3 powder, essential for life
No matter how hard you try to erase his accomplishments, Obama will be part of our history - the part we will remember with pride.
RT You continue to hold the American PPL hostage with high taxes, big government, won't build the wall & secure borders,Demand Law & Order !
RT Build the Wall ! Cut Taxes,Bring Back Jobs ! No Islamist in America ! Kick them the "HELL" out ! No Wars , Rebuild America, UN must Go
NOT protecting the ppl is so admirable.  Rather, the GOP's main goal is to line the pockets of the rich.  Irresponsible
2018........2018.......2018......2018.....2018.....2018.....2018........2018.......2018....2018.....2018.....2018. Can hardly wait!
If it is such a good plan why would you have to have exceptions for your coverage? Self serving crooks.  You are not working for the people.

Republicans want to cut health care for millions of Americans to deliver a massive tax cut for the rich (avg. 33K/yr for the top 1%) #VoteNo 
Your swamp is polluting our country. Who pays your salaries?
If Obamacare is so bad, why is Congress (+staff) exempt from losing the benefits that the rest of us will lose under the AHCA?
Can you imagine bragging about increasing uninsured and promoting more pollution while failing to investigate Russian connections.Good job!
You mean patients rights!   Heartless!!!
Thank you, we need to hear this often!  Small wins are great, #MAGA as you go!!!
Like state run retirement funds that small businesses could use. AGAINST it CAUSE YOUR IN WALLST POCKETS. Larger firms will charge more fees
Pretty horrid that you bluster at destroying regs that help people. But hey, busines cheering.
CORRECTION: "Loudly removing barriers for the rich and corporations who line #GOP pockets at the expense of America and the future!"
Jobs continue to go over seas but you do nothing about it. Just spreading lies day after day.
Stop. You are ruining the country. Everything for your rich buddies.  We what clean air, health care, alternative energy.
Shame on you. I have a pre-existing condition. My rate will go up. Enjoy the power while u have it. 2018 it's gone.
Destroying America one act at a time!!! #Deplorable
DOOMSDAY 2018 ! You loose ! GOP !
Yes and 24 million + voters are watching. Take away their healthcare & they will help take away your job & send u packing in next election!
That's too bad. Ryan's Plutocracy being helped by Trump's lack of knowledge about what he signs as EO's.
And that's not a good thing Ron!
You are sending us back to the 60s and 70s. Nothing good happens when you go backwards instead of forwards.
Yes, because you all hated that a black man was President.  Now you get to be remembered for that and being the party run by a crazy  .
Don't pass budget bill! Quit being such Weenies. #Fund the wall! Defund Obamacare and planned parenthood !
Screwing Americans while you repay lobbyists and corporations for their campaign donations. Really sick.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS @HouseGOP @NRO You are all evil. You look out for the rich and leave the rest of America struggling.
Prove it
You ALL need to go & you're working towards just that.  The only thing we know you're doing is NOT what we voted for.
Last time u "chipped away" at common sense regulation, we suffered from the worst recession since the great depression. 2008
Quietly making swamp deals with Republican hypocrites #ResistTrump
You will ruin our #environment, force many into #poverty, and show the rest of the world the underbelly of capitalism.  #bad
GOP is a synonym for assholes.
"Chaos"
Nothing silent bout #Trump EOs feeding Greed of Billionaires
WE THE PEOPLE WILL GET EACH AND EVERY 1 OF YOU OUT OF OFFICE!
Have you Iddiots forgotten WE THE PEOPLE CAN VOTE YOU OUT? ALL YOUR CHANGES ARE PUBLIC  WE WILL SPREAD THE WORD, WE WILL ORGANIZE AND 1BY 1
i.e. - Destroying America. Yep. I'd agree.
November 2018. Start job hunting. Never mind-retire- most of you are too old to even work as Walmart greeters- they have minimum standards.
Let's see and hear less "quietly" and see more action.
Fund and build the wall
Well that's not a plus!
We're all dead
Wow..funny talk now. Since you passed the laws yourselves

Imagine your talking about regulations that protect us little guys from people like you?
Against the needs of the people.
Good Obama had one agenda & it wasn't Americans it was the Muslim brotherhood getting into our Gvmt
Quietly! The senate walks in fear, weak Leaders. How about stop taking vacations and recesses and pass the tax cut and build the wall!
Scumbag GOP Also voted to remove overtime pay today. Employers can give you "Comp" time instead- but they dictate when (and if).
WeThePeople are grateful that PresTrump's  EO'S effectively reverse BO'S harmful EO's.
Good, now get your butt moving and start putting our cntry back together. #NuclearOption, do it! NOW!
Why?  Do you not like Peace, clean air and water?  Supporting SCIENCE about global warming?  Giving jobs to dead industries?
Too quietly and too secretly!  So quiet we can't hear ONE THING different than last year's budget. Same ole democrat budget. Shameful!
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS @HouseGOP @NRO what bullshit, nothing wrong w/them other than a BLACK democrat wrote then, wake up people.

Fortunately you are failing at taking away people's health insurance though which is 
and should be ashamed of dismantling protections for the people Trump promised to help.
It's not a good thing
right, let's not protect environment or people's finances, for heaven's sake.
The only difference between you people and a bullshit sandwich is the bread. Greed and cruelty is your mantra. #BoycottUSA
Why do you hate our planet?
Of course "quietly" because u don't want WE the people to shake our heads and say IDIOtIC! Sell our kids future for what...ego & pretend WIN
Great don't regulate banks -we can't wait til the next Great Depression. Just tell us where the bread lines are!
Which results in making citizens mad. Guess u ppl don't like your jobs.
Congrats to the corporate persons you represent. It's a shame about the non-rich human ones.
What about removing that bloated traitor in the WH?
U are all quietly succeeding in chipping away @BarackObama regulations that keep us safe & healthy.Taking us backwards from the 21st century
Unbelievable. GOP bought & paid for by Kochs.
Quietly undermining worker safety and health and clean air and clean water
Paul Ryan is quietly succeeding in lining his own pockets before he is voted out in 18 months.
And quietly dooming us all. Record highs all through April, record flooding across the midwest. #climatechange is real and you're rushing it
GO NUCLEAR
Great. Can't wait to die of cancer in a few years from no clean air, water, or food. What could go wrong.
BS! The biggest Obama regulation and tax is Obamacare but it's still there.
So sad that you are all so petty and small and have lost your freaking minds over one black man. Remember Ryan you had majority and did nada
We want complete repeal, not chip away! Pull out of the UN if it's against International Law like Pelosi says.
If u approve THC & u kick 24 million people off of HC come 2018 u can kiss your ass goodbye. We are the AP we will not kiss DT'S ass.
Thanks for putting lead back in our water!
Reversing policies that help people and our fragile environment is not only mean and nasty, it's downright stupid.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS @HouseGOP @NRO any rand was a narcissist
Regulations keep people safe & water & air clean. Some may get in the way of profits too, but the world can live with that. #TellTheTruth
So great you are trying to bring in some democrats.
Do you have any original ideas?
Yea and giving us "Deathcare". How comforting.  #Vote2018
we are loudly resisting: you are ignoring everything/one that doesn't promote $and power #RufuseFascism #impeach45
Practically everything they do, hurts the public and benefits wealthy and corporations!
Gee, thanks. Our air and water were getting waaaaaay too clean. Maybe now we'll have very, very beautiful air like JIYNA!
Gonna chip away at the number of Repubs in Congress real soon too. #voteGOPout #resist #impeachtrump
Praise God for that!
Out of spite and racism? God will only let this go on for so long...
To the detriment of US citizens and our planet.
Who the hell needs "Quietly" you are incompetent!!did you campaign to quietly repeal Obama care? bunch of ideologues that can't compromise!!
Fund the wall!!!!
Fund the wall!!!
Fund the wall!!
Fund the wall!
Fund the wall
Pauly, I thought protecting #Americans was the #1 priority? #TermLimits #dumb
Shame on the whole damn bunch of you. Paulie you need to go to confession.
You mean what #Trump is able to do without his own party #gop has done nothing nada zilche to help. U will turn your seat 2 the #democratic

So looking forward to 2018. Bad new is that you & Duffy will get a pension for your fleecing of taxpayers. Trump will be cheering.
