prayers don't do anything but action does.
pray for everyone that is losing democracy while you sit idle.
keep taking money from the @nra so this keeps happening
how will you win new constituents? Demographics are changing and conservative pandering to white farmers isn't gonna work
I hope you also pray for all the people who will lose their healthcare thanks to you. I pray you decide to show leadership.
the GOP is drunk on power. Seems such a short sighted goal. How do you plan to apologize and back track after all this?
Thoughts and prayers don't stop mass shootings. Fund VA and Mental Healthcare. Common sense gun laws! #EnoughIsEnough
democratic values are core to American values. You are not representing Americans. Trump will come and go we will not.
please you are not American and are complicit in treason.
trump is a monster. This is not politics. It's above that resisting trump is non partisan issue.
You don't actually give a fuck. If you did you'd vote differently. @NRA $ is nice though huh?
how come you HATE gay people so much?  You know, you picked the wrong minority to start a battle with, fellow Okie.
Stop praying and stop taking money from the NRA.  Do something - responsible gun regulations.    #StopTheViolence
Thank you for supporting my right to defend myself against criminals & rogue govt!! #NRA #PeopleKillGunsDont
The Lord wants you to work on sensible gun laws.
You should donate your @NRA money to the families.  They don't need your prayers.
You have blood on your hands!  NRA is your church.
thoughts and prayers again?  How about something  more tangible like better gun legislation across America?
Maybe rethink the whole gun thing, Jimmy.
Giving the $ from the NRA to the victims families?
I remember Jesus preaching about telling everyone you have a broken heart and then not doing anything about it. @SenatorLankford
.@SenatorLankford 

how about not being a shill for  the NRA.  That would mean more than your empty sympathy for the victims.
When do we agree those prayers of yours aren't working? Wake up, do something!
$11,463 from the NRA. Perhaps YOU'RE part of the problem, @SenatorLankford.
.@SenatorLankford A prayer without any action behind it is empty & worthless. A slap in the face to the Americans you're sworn to protect.
if you actually cared you would vote for better laws.  Please do something about this terrible gun violence epidemic.
Then perhaps you should stop working on behalf of the NRA and work to prevent gun violence.
I know you love the NRA and all, but tweeting that you are praying isn't really considered "doing your job as a senator."
Hypocrite. How's that money from NRA feel in your pocket?
in addition to praying, try taking action.
Do politicians like yourselves who profit from guns ever get the feeling your thoughts and prayers are worthless?
We try thoughts are prayers after every mass shooting. It's not working. Better gun laws now!
No doubt Very Sad and Lifting prayers for all! Senator, time for Gun Control legislation?
As one of your constituents, I wish to god you would offer legislation rather than more empty words.
Yet you take money from the NRA.... That's what we like to call hypocritical
Does your heart break for the $11,463 you received from the #NRA ? Coward!
You take money from the NRA.  This is what happens. Shame.

When you take NRA money and block gun control, you have pulled the trigger too. Enough with your prayers.
How concerned are you.  Or is this just political bs talk that your party likes to use to appear concerned.  We know ur not
he got $11,463 from @NRA 2support expanding gun access(which makes shootings like this more likely)
maybe u should use the $11k from NRA to help victims/families and work towards gun reform? #thoughtsandprayers
Then do something to change these horrible tragedies!! Stop letting the NRA control policy.
When you say your heart breaks for the victims, is that because you have to call the NRA's office and ask for more money?
$11,463? You were an easy buy for that bloody @nra money. You shoulda held out for more $$$.
So you gonna take that money you got from the NRA and buy some caskets for the dead?

James! Now would be a good time to use your $11K in NRA money for hospital/funeral expenses. #thoughtsandprayers
praying for more guns?
ok so are you going to stop taking blood money from the NRA and act to close the gun show loophole? No? I didn't think so
How about doing something about guns instead of fucking praying?
I'm sure those prayers will not comfort the victims families as much as the NRA $$ did for you that allowed this tragedy.
hypocrite after taking all that NRA money. Blood is on your hands
i hope you sleep well at night cause im sure when you're in hell for being a shitty human, there will be no sleep so.. :)
Prayers won't help - but not taking money from the NRA might.  #guncontrol is not a bad thing.
You are bought and paid for by the NRA.  You have blood on your hands.  #FortLauderdale
Why do you take money from the NRA, making guns easier to buy? BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS!
Blood is on your hands, NRA pawn.
Thank you @GOP and @NRA for making guns more widely available, even to ppl on terror watch lists! Great job.
how about you do something then.
