Lol. What proof of meddling?
Lol. It's common knowledge that they hacked DNC, state electoral roles, and a power grid in the northeast. Maybe  doesn't cover that.
Lol. Where is the proof?
All intel directors, current and former, have stated it as fact, and bipartisan recognition has occurred. What do you need to see as proof?
Russian meddling is made up! Demo lost and they need to blame someone! America is tired of "that's the way it's always been"
@CoachBrimmer, big fan of Russia, eh? Putin loves Americans like you. Keep up the good work.
Keep being a liberal pansie! America and its citizens are the way it is bc of you. Pansies. #MAGA
What's so bad about America? Most economic inequality is due to willingness of consumers. Diversity was becoming more embraced. List it 4 me
The POTUS has no desire to even broach the subject with Comrade Vladimir. Is he scared? The lack of leadership in DC is pathetic.
James u have been in DC too long...i voted for u but time for someone else to replace u.  We in Ok tired of hearing this. Show evidence!
Oops to late he has now invited him in freely
So DO SOMETHING about it!! Be that PROFILE IN COURAGE! You have a LONG time before next elections and u could be a HERO! Please!!
lol. Lankford is not here to be your profile in courage. His biggest donors are @DevonEnergy & @Koch_Industries.
Yes that's true however he could find his own ProfileInCourage and Stand Up! We never know. I count nobody out yet.
Well, I never thought that I would agree with you, but on this I do!
Please visit DT's twitter account this morning. It appears to state that POTUS & Putin are forging alliances to protect US cyber security.
Um talk to the president
They mess with us.  We mess with them.  We need a covert cyber response.  We can deny it ever happened just like Putin.
It's clear Trump will never punish Russia. He just rolled over for Putin and Lavrov (again). Russia's playing us. What are you going to do?
How does the OK legislatures change their behavior? What consequences should ya'll endure for well you know I don't need to air laundry here
might want to share the proof of meddling with the public before making radical decisions against Russia show proof!
War monger! How many of our children have to die to satisfy your bloodlust?
Get your Mouth Trump to say so!
will you continue to support Donald's agenda implicitly?
Unfortunately his behavior at the #G20 was on par. Disparaging America denying even you & BEING Weak! LETS BE #Patriot Okies not #Partisan
get the facts out! You must know more than the weak evidence we've seen. Maybe you should run as a dem in next elect
Hey Meatball where is the proof?
We don't want Russia punished for a fake crime. We want Islam out of Europe and the 3rd world out of America. That's the issue.
You're young, you seem to be  a chickenhawk, you have about as much experience in office as Donald...
Senator you know as well as the rest of Trump is not going to do anything with Putin, they are BFF. Until he is impeached USA will continue
to spiral downward, he is an embarrassment to our country. Impeach Trump
What is your committee doing to actually keep this from happening again?
Do you want to start a nuclear war ? russia took back its historical territory - we have interfered in many elections - come on
Tell Donald.
Shouldn't you be telling this to Trump?
They won't change as long as they've successfully infiltrated our government. What are you going to do about it besides this?
And will only be more encouraged after this visit.  #iamgonnabsick
I totally agree! We all know dt won't do anything to force consequences on Rus. That leaves the Cong to protect US. U & GOP must take action
Keep pushing this!
So you are saying that Russia did some "meddling" so we DO know..... then Please do something b/c #POTUS seems confused
I know Trump is the pres but is he the only one that can do anything?
Soooo what's your next step?
Speak out, senator, tell your party act accordingly!!
And realistically there is nothing2do that! Nice talking point. But focus on halting probe nonsense so our potus can do his thing would help
Why don't you start by shutting down Radio Free Asia?

CIA?

Speck of dust in brothers eye and all that sort of thing.
.@realDonaldTrump will not even say Russia is behind the hacking of the election. Now only he & Tillerson are meeting with Putin.
There is nothing in it for Trump to inflict pain on Russia. If you haven't noticed, T is in the presidency for the $, not for the country.
What pain can be applied since sanctions in place.  Do you suggest more sanctions?  What is pain to be.  Get tax cuts and healthcare donr
I don't think POTUS agrees with you.
Thank you for acknowledging this! Trump won't change his outrageous 
 behavior until Rs give him consequences, stop working on his agenda!
Thank you for a GOP to speak up. Trump is a wimp and seems to owe Putin something. It's Treasonous of Trump. This is the end of democracy
The United States also meddles in other country elections! Maybe we should stop!!
Show us proof! The American people don't believe the govt! We remember WMD lie!! We don't want to go to war with Russia!!
And meddling elsewhere - Venezuela, right in our backyard Mexico next. Follow RT en Español, you'll see
Did you see his press conference?  Does that fill you with confidence ?
You are my rep. tRump will always be in Putin's pocket, since he owes him so much money. I know where this investigation is going.
#SethRichCoverUp was the hacker not Russia
9)election tampering. There's good reason 2 doubt he is legit like being unfit......
Let's get the proof first, then lay it before the U.N. for sanctions.
8)there is no reason 2 believe Trump will stand up 2 Putin. Trump's worried that he will b exposed as illegit. Shld also raise ?'s abt
Sorry but until our own govt & its agencies stop meddling in the affairs of other nations, I dont believe we have moral ground on the topic.
7)in the next election unless the brave & honorable among u stands up 2 this admin! If we fall 2 authoritarian Congress willb under Trump.
6)interests upholding the Constitution & protecting our rights. Trump is not capable of those things. I believe u r! GOP will not b relevant
5)patriotism in our elected officials. I'm an Okie. So when u go 2 DC I want 2b confident that u r working in my neighbors/family/my best
POTUS does not seem to hold your opinion. How will you handle this conflict of ideals on the meddling of Russia?
4)happiness. We deserve better! Trump & assoc r woefully unfit 2 serve in any position of govt! Weneed exceptional honor/integrity/intellect
Stop trying to start WWlll
Thank-you James. Please rise up into who you are and lead with courage.
3)the primaries. We need confidence in our electoral process. Y'all need 2 take steps 2 secure our right 2 vote/life/liberty/pursuit of
2)conflicts if interests/disrespect 4 the press/disrespect & abuse of the office. While at it take actions 2 audit the elections including
Could you tweet him, @SenatorLankford? Why is the meeting private? Do you trust him?
Love ur optimistic attitude on Trump but Trump will sadly disappoint u. Plz call Trump out n his obvious ethics violations/lies/emolunents1)
Thank you, although this will be hard if he cannot clearly state they were responsible.
the best 'consequence' is to remove their puppet from the Oval Office.
Totally agree. That's something we can ALL agree with. So glad we already did that.
Probably need to tell your boss that.
Well, having a @POTUS who refuses to admit they meddled is problem number one.  That he blames Obama is telling.  The man is eyebrow deep.
Just gonna drop this right about.........here.
And what does that have to do with the price of eggs pray tell?
Good luck with that.
How will we even know??? No one in the meeting but trump and tillerson.
They've always meddled. There was no collusion between Russia and Trump for Hillary's loss. I'm really confused where you're going with this
He said nothing about collusion or their success in influencing. They are actively trying to influence. Please don't make me defend Lankford
They've always tried to actively influence. Not just the last election.
Innovation has increased their capabilities. it's a wide reaching international effort to destabilize other governments
Russia has done the same with the latest technology since the Cold War.
They successfully infiltrated the servers of major political party and strategically released data to influence an election when?
It wasn't the driving force for nonHRC voters, but it influenced the vote of many previously undecided voters
That's what HRC voters are pushing, but the Russians didn't kill a diplomat in Libya or put in the server. Dems cannot except the election.
Russia and many other nations have meddled in our elections since the end of WWII. And we meddle in theirs and others. #Hypocrite.
