Nope. Beat it loser
Waiting 15 years seems excessive. These young people have already been waiting a lifetime. Support the Dream Act!
You are correct, why make them wait, deport them today. They can always join relief effort to Puerto rico. Oops, can't make it thru customs.
Deportation solves absolutely nothing.
Potus has expressed his wish that we find a way to keep non-felon illegals that wish to work &take the long path to Citizenship.Seems smart.
That seemed like a reasonable solution. Then I watched the ingrates on TV carrying mex flags and demanding rights. Screw em.
They r literally fighting for their lives.
America will no longer be trod on. By fighting they prove disrespect for our laws and sovereignty. While the most generous nation ever.#MAGA
You make it sound like they have made no contribution. Many are very hard working and have contributed a great deal to this economy.
You republicans really are trying to loose the house & senate ! I thought you could not be as dumb as #NFL !! Guess I was wrong #SucceedAct
MT @mclatterbu: @SenatorLankford @SenThomTillis @senorrinhatch You republicans really are trying to loose the house & senate!
No. Americans are angry. Didn't you see how @POTUS and @MooreSenate won? We want Americans first. No Daca, No Amnesty, No Succeed Act
Have you lost your F....ING mind?
#SUCCEEDAct Merit-based DREAMers charged with kidnapping, raping classmate in Maryland. No amnesty deport #DACAdeal
#endDACA
#EndSanctuaryCities 
#BuildTheWall 
#NoAmnesty
Fake Evangelical, Lankford is perfectly happy to destroy the country. What a cuck. Can't wait until Oklahoma votes you out.
Well it's the truth, sorry that you're so uneducated that you can't see it.
no amnesty traitors
Citizens have been promised a wall since 1986, before 11 million illegals and 800,000 DACA plus anchor babies. Lawmakers can't be trusted!
I hope you get primaried like Strange, traitor.
@SenThomTillis is anti American worker.
The depth of the corrupt swamp in Washington DC is so disgusting! #NeverEndingBattle #DrainTheSwamp
NO AMNESTY PERIOD. Go home and come back legally period
.@seanhannity = #SucceedAct

If illegal Democrat DACA parents are deported their illegal adult Democrat children will follow them home.
#DeportThemAll #NoAmnesty #ENDDACANOW
End daca now. Never amnesty never citizenship never rewarding illegal behavior. Is that what you all and POTUS were elected to do? Swamp?
Priority should be given to Americans H/C
At least it keeps them in the country..can't wait til we vote you out and change all the shit show programs you keep adding.
Are you kidding? This is more comprehensive than DACA.
Oh great now the Republicans are picking up the scraps and sucking up to illegals? We need term limits
2018 should be interesting in Oklahoma.
Noooooooo.  Get tax cuts done.   No Daca.  No amnesty.
We support this bill! This is the Republican way and this is the right thing to do! #SucceedAct

Enemies of the people. @SenThomTillis is the Luther Strange of NC; owned by McConnel. Three snakes here
NO AMNESTY
Massive amnesty. Americans elected Trump for a reason. Stop forcing amnesty down our throats! Is suicide for conservative values
Why do we have to help law breakers to support your corporate donors?
Skip it Thom, your legislation should only be to issue green cards as long as they don't  commit a crime.
SUCCEEDAct for illegals, Yet GOP has done 0 for ppl. Congrats! You've earned a spot in our BlackList so you never get elected again!
You guys have lost your mind
No thanks.
American  citizens are just expected to shut up and provide tax revenue for vote  buying giveaways.  America is officially a craphole.
In a perfect world, anybody who proposed such an unAmerican, anti-Western, anti-White bill would be immediately indicted for treason. #MAGA
No Fucking way.   So what are you going to do after your Senate term is over?  You won't be there again.  RINO.
No SUCCEED nothin'!!!!!
So you guys can't hash out tax reform or repeal ObamaCare for citizens, but you got the illegals covered? You've lost my vote. #succeed
I'm old enough to remember immigration lies of 1965, the lies of 1986 amnesty. NO MORE. You are a liar sir and no one with brain trust you
2018 all of you rinos will be out off office we the American citizens have had enough of your incompetence
This is a very bad idea.
Wow, Oklahoma.  Way to go.
If you expand DACA beyond border security you will probably fail.  Congress is not capable of big steps.
We don't want to hear anymore about these illegals! We want to hear about Americans! Healthcare, jobs, security and tax reform for US!!!
Well its time to vote you out since you are caving and liberaling out on #DACA.  We want DACA repealed and no amnesty deport them.
@POTUS Unbelievable you betray the American people who have been loud & clear that no illegal amnesty before the needs of America Citizens.
Stop with the bullshit & emotional baiting! This is the truth! #NoDACA  #NoDREAMAct  http://youtu.be/vBAshmTEaWE 
Truth is most DACA are on welfare & have kids they can't support on welfare. Most are Socialist that demand more & have no fondness for 
We're going to put Republicans who betray us & put illegal aliens ahead of US Citizens on a Blacklist & we will remove you from Congress.
Stop with "through no fault of their own" that may fly if they were still underage but they are Adults now. So Now it is their fault!

You & Trump were elected by the same folks & none of you were elected to "fix" #DACA  or "fix" #Obamacare #EndDACAnow #RepealObamacare
I disagree with you on a lot of things but on this I give you my 
No Amnesty for criminals! We tried that in 86, and California turned irreversibly blue. If you do it again, we lose Texas!
You’ll lose it anyway. Just a matter of time.
No amnesty!!!!
Don’t support special laws for special groups, you caved to establishment
More amnesty that craps on the American citizens.  U still wondering why Trump won?

The demise of the Republican party if any form of AMNESTY is granted. Their presence is considered amnesty. VOTER PHOTO ID
Why are you focusing on Non-Americans first. How about H/C and Tax reform first!. You know...#AmericaFirst Agenda!
#NoAmnesty #EndDACA
When will congress stop playing with American lives and stops the petty games in DC. 
WORK FOR AMERICANS...or leave office NOW!
#TermLimits
Our elected officials hate legal Americans because we know l their tricks and illegals don't. Easily manipulated.

Tillis and his kind are the Swamp creatures that need to be removed!!!

The "extreme vetting" rhetoric is BS: without E-Verify & RAISE, this would just tee up more amnesties in the future. http://www.newsobserver.com/news/politics-government/article175175316.html …

.@SenThomTillis and @SenatorLankford should instead focus on decades of broken immigration enforcement promises made to the American people.
Fund the wall first RINO!
You put DACA before Americans tax reform & repeal and replace and in 18
Nope! FFS, GOP, will you ever listen to your voters and actually do what we elected you to do? No amnesty!!!
You guys might want your Twitter acts. Going to be a lot of very pissed off people in your notifications. 
I just hope you fail. Take care.
Amnesty 2.0
Dreamer bill for 2.5 million, but told 800,000 only. Guess u don't spend enuf time on unemployed/homeless/with no healthcare US citizens.

Just like the DREAM Act, the SUCCEED Act is a massive amnesty that goes far beyond DACA. DACA = 790k eligible, SUCCEED = 2.5mil eligible. https://twitter.com/SenatorLankford/status/912355140052684802 …
It's amazing how you guys can push through legislation to help illegal aliens but can't pass things for American citizens. #repealobamacare
Never voted for you Lankford & never will. No Amnesty of any kind.
No Amnesty. Stop it with rewarding law breakers & start working FOR the citizens it's your job to rep.
Resign please. Make room for a true Republican.
For F-sake repeal OCare and stop the bs.
People making 100,000 can't affordto send their kidsto school or they are strapped with 50-100,000 indebt while a illegal fruit picker goes
And the establishment wins again. Amnesty for millions of illegals, not just DACA. Sorry to see this, Senator. I had hoped for better.
You are cheap labor pimps.
Limit immigration no , does it stipulate English speaking ? Vetting , everify for mutiple institutions . When are you ups for reelection
Self deport your globalist ass along with the dreamers, then delete your account!
African-Americans came to the United States as slaves. You and Trump have no right to say that DREAMERS should be deported.
According to ccn illegals getting college degrees . How many Americans aren't able to go to college in your district .
We Republicans don't want DACA unless they are in the military. This is unjust enrichment of the parents who came here illegally WE VOTED NO
Is it what the American people want or Republicans
You can't pass a budget. Or tax cuts. Or repeal Obamacare.

But when it comes to amnesty, you guys are just raring to go, huh?
This pig must be removed from office. Vote out the entire @GOP, they are nothing but open-borders traitors. #SUCCEEDAct #NoAmnesty
Traitor
You have no comment on Arpaio pardon, 45's NFL comments or Puerto Rico. Why do you ignore brown Americans? #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist Are you?
Jumping in front of those who want to be legal Americans.
As long as they are extremely vetted & take the steps 2Becoma an American citizen I don't want money n time spent. Im sick of illegal aliens
HELL NO!  This is not good for the legal American people.
Sen. Lankford. (202) 224-5754 http://www.lankford.senate.gov 

Call him and let him know how ya feel.
A little too extreme but better than nothing. Most Americans would have trouble doing all this to become citizens.
The only option is to deport them all, Senator Lankford. Anything else is demographic suicide. They do not belong in this country.
What about all those legal immigrants who are waiting in line for more than 5 years to get a green card?
I waited in line and I’m more than happy to see those brought here as children by their parents and grew up here get help to stay.
why did you wait in line when you could have cut in front?
I wasn’t brought here by my parents as a child, grow up here and know nothing else. Even with this bill it takes ten years b4 a green card.
You can't find anything better to do than grant amnesty to millions of illegals?! Tax reform, Puerto Rico, North Korea, something?! Awesome
You best be voting against amnesty!!!!
Have you called and written?
Awful legislation. Disgraceful. Your giving our country away to Mexico.
No! No citizenship! No amnesty!
You must call and write them!
Anything short of enforcing the laws & deporting criminals will not do...you work for the citizens & millions are waiting-legal immigrants.
#EndDACA 
#NoAmnesty 
#AmericaFirst 
Pass the #RaiseAct
Patriots oppose corporate globalist TRAITORS and anti-worker mass migration policies
Americans NOT IN FAVOR of amnesty for millions of illegals.
There will be riots on Capitol Steps.
Just like the DREAM Act, the SUCCEED Act is a massive amnesty that goes far beyond DACA. DACA = 790k eligible, SUCCEED = 2.5mil eligible.
Another hideous amnesty to disenfranchise voters , approve mass chain migration, encourage illegal border crossing. #DACA #SucceedAct
No thank you, please BUILD THE WALL
You & Trump were elected by the same folks & none of you were elected to "fix" #DACA  or "fix" #Obamacare #EndDACAnow #RepealObamacare
BAD BAD for US Citizens/Workers....sorry to see you supporting such legislation...as for ThomTillis...we intend to vote him ...OUT.
Thank you so fucking much :). Thanks for giving me the ability to join the military with this bill.
Thank you for this legislation. Thank you for your words on the First Amendment.
this better not be any sort of amnesty bill! #endDACA #noamnesty #deportallillegals
I've got some bad news...
Sen. Lankford. (202) 224-5754 
http://www.lankford.senate.gov 

Call him and let him know how ya feel.
He doesn't care how you feel. He's getting his checks from the CoC Cheap Labor Express! You don't matter to him unless you're paying.
I'm an Oklahoma voter. I can knock on doors, influence other voters, etc. to make sure he is NOT reelected. 
No. Thanks for outing yourself. We'll keep voting you guys out.
Senator from Tulsa-You just lost my vote & I will wholeheartedly get the word out that U R cucking legal immigrants of Okla & all of USA!
Traitor
You work for the American People not illegal immigrants! Where is our #RepealObamacare #TaxReform #BuildTheWall
#NoAmnesty #ruleOfLaw Wish you cared this much about victims of immagrants #KatesLaw #NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
#NoAmnesty you globalist traitor! Never! Ever! Ever!
Back in the day -- we're talking *decades* I had a bit of a nerd crush on Sen Hatch although a lifelong liberal I've always respected him
You 3 are likely to make this a reality. Whenever you add your name to something I feel assured that it is fair honest & open. Cheers from L
The Another Attempt To Shaft Americans Act, Part 480.
Why don't you do something to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico? This is much more important than immigration! #HelpPuertoRico
The GOP Congress couldn't pass a cold right now but good luck with that #GOPFAIL
Rino! You should be worrying about your legal Citizens and not illegals.
How do u plan to vote on the ACA repeal senator? Please answer the question. Thanks
Lankford won't answer anything. He sends out his wimpy newsletter, which should be called, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" & calls it a day! #Loser
Just another coward politician unwilling to tell constituents what he's really doing and why.  Any comment Senator Lankford? Thought not
