Don't be fooled, Lankford will vote for Trumpcare.
How about the alleged BLACKMAIL?
Well thanks...  but we've been saying this since November 9th
This is the PERSON YOU PUT (IN) POWER!
Actually the American people did...
NO The Electoral College and Russia did not the American people at all. We voted for Hillary popular vote states.
That's funny I don't remember seeing any reports of Russians voting. And the electoral college is what elects a president #history
They won't inspect the machines or anything in that area so how exactly is it that u don't no the Russians actually tampered w/the voting?
Every state he inspected and knows. I thought only republicans believed in conspiracy?
Sir, he never did but your party embraced his bad behavior & turned a blind eye so you can have power.  
Can't teach an old dog new tricks!!
I know you feel strongly about respect and dignity. Thank you for standing up for them after the POTUS's latest inappropriate tweet.
Until there's a LINK between behavior & LOSING, he won't stop.Does ANY R Sen possess the courage to reach out 2 Ds & COMPROMISE on ACA? You?
Thank you!  I am proud that my Oklahoma Senator is calling out the President's embarrassing ugliness!
Thank you. Please keep it up.  Hold your fellow Senators' feet to the fire as well.
- how long do we beat a dead horse? There are many critical issues facing our country.
nice civility. Trouble is potus and VP don't think laws, morals or democratic values apply to them. They must resign.
Resign because of illegal aliens?  Or because of #LiberalTerrorists ?  The blame you're placing on them won't stick, it doesn't belong there
"but I will continue to support the president in every agenda he wants…"

Trump's tweets to Mika Brzezinski are immoral & despicable. Do not vote yes on any of his proposals. There need to be consequences.
 @GOP OWNS THIS!!!!!!
America was Great before he got here and will be Again when he's gone
You're right it survived 8 years of Obama it can survive anything.
The GOP is turning on 45 now that his approval rating is starting to drag theirs down. I see you, Senator. (About time, btw.)
This Democrat says, "Thank you."
And my Citizens Climate Lobby was treated with civility, honor, & respect by all your staff and by you.
A statement is not enough Senator. This has happened too many times. A group of Senators & Congress need to meet him & talk
I knew you going to be a good congressman and now a great senator. Thank you representing Oklahoman in a great way.
It is nice to see a @gop member with basic decency. @GOP will not recover from backing trump.
SHUT UP JAMES until U can get them to stop harrasing Our POTUS U R not relevant. We C clearly whose obstructing&corrupting
WHO COULD HAVE SEEN THIS COMING?!?!!
Oh please. Stop with your fake humanity & morality.  Actions speak louder than tweets or written statements.
I hope you can find a constructive way to deal with this. Much like your party, all of America is being eaten from the inside out.
Nicely done.
Neither does repealing ACA. I'm just fed up w/you all & now the WH/Kremlin want our voting records, give me a break. #RUSSIA #RussiaGate
Wish you would stop tweeting. It's embarrassing.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 2020!
You know Trump's Morning Joe tweets are wrong, but those blogs by Bush & Schiff are acceptable for our fed judges!? http://bit.ly/2spfHHY 
Remember when Trump lied to you and told you he fired Comey because of Rosenstein's memo?  You guys need to wake up, this is a disaster
Ty from Kentucky
Senator, you guys have known he was like this from the beginning. If there is a history, it won't look on any Trump enabler kindly.
Thank you for standing against bad behavior.
Thank you @SenatorLankford, finally.  I sincerely hope that you understand the seriousness of this time in history and #impeachtrump.
Glad to see you stand up for civility & call out Trump. No parties...No politics...
You forgot role model for our kids. Your obviously supporting Trump's agenda, How do you explain to children your lack of a moral compass?
Senator, nice words but when are you going to hold him accountable?
U know If congress worried more about their jobs (Taxes) instead of @POTUS We the people would be Great again allot faster.
I am an educator in Oklahoma and am appalled ,embarrassed & concerned by our President's tweets, language and attitude.
THANK YOU for being willing to say SOMETHING about the insanity we see every day from the White House. I pray  for the GOP to be brave.
This isn't enough. Someone needs to stand up to this man. But you won't. Because passing your evil agenda is more important than country.
You get my respect and my vote.  We need single payer health care.
This is a boilerplate objection.  I want to see a politician get honest about the sickening behavior of this president and its effect on us.
That's the best you can do? He continues because you support him and he supports you. Weak.
Why didn't you tweet this to Trump?
Can we expect honest and earnest rhetoric from the gop?  Trump is a liar & is violating emoluments. If GOP were honest he would be impeached
This is so true!
Chastising Trump isn't going to do a damn thing. Remove him from office. He is not fit to serve and you know it.
#integrityoverparty #thanks
@BillKristol it takes diplomacy to run this country & keep us out of war.  He needs removed BEFORE the point of no return.
And WHAT are you doing to help this president ? Ahhh nothing
Nope. No moral high ground for you. You have given this man a pass too often to be believed now. Shame on you both.
That is wonderful Senator Langford. Please address this NRA video. Your state has had several marches with no violence
Do something, @SenatorLankford. NONE of this is normal, but if we don't stop soon, it will become "normal"! What precedent is being set?

Dear politicians: If you hung in with Donald Trump after the "grab their pussies" video, American women are ignoring your faux anger today 
The Republicans are enablers.  Demand an apology from Trump.  Stop the hand wringing. He is a bully. #Trump
And Lankford and the other Republicans continue to be Trump suckups after their feigned concern. Pathetic.
What, besides tweeting, are you planning to do about it?
And yet as Sean Spicer informed the ENTIRE world, they are official White House statements, @SenatorLankford. You are enabling this lunatic.
Grow some balls.  Pick up the phone and tell Trump what you think. Spewing to the Twitter World will not fix the problem
That's putting it mildly.
Thank you for this powerful statement and context to Trump's 'Mika' tweet this morning
This is your President, buddy. Words are cheap. Own that millstone or do something about it.
Nope. We're wise to the game.

To Democrats, civility is a one-way street.

Keep bloodying their noses @realDonaldTrump.
Please do more than just pay lip service. Where is your decency? When will party speak up? How do I explain this to middle school students?
Do you feel better now that you "weight " in on Trump's tweet?
I'm  proud of you.  Thank you for being a man of integrity and willing to take a stand even though it may be a political risk. God bless you
Why not speak out
He is the face, voice, and moral mirror of the Republican party.
You and the entire GOP are enabling this behavior. This doesn't help your cause. GO STRAIGHT TO HELL - ALL OF YOU
Thank you. The President's comments disgrace our nation. Our children are taught better and he should not be an example for our children.
Thank Senator
Isn't there some way to stop @realDonaldTrump  from continuing this embarrassing behavior. I voted for him ONCE.
Vote no on GOP Healthcare please.
Praise be.
I appreciate my senator speaking up against these kinds of comments. I just wish he didn't have to.
Senator Lankford, Very well said. Thank u for standing up to him. Please make this stop. This cannot be the new norm.
Proud of your position on this!
If he were a schoolboy he would be kicked out of school for words like that. Appalling lack of decency. Is the fool on drugs? @potus
@KOSURadio well said. Very carefully worded response. Thoughtful. Measured. Trump is a nasty manbaby
If @realDonaldTrump doesn't stop, will you do your job: step up, protect our country and MAKE him stop?

#25thAmendment #25th #NOTNORMAL
Well then, do something about this deranged misanthrope instead of paying lip service to the need for civility...
Call for an impeachment investigation based on Trump's alleged constitutional violations and obstruction of justice. I'm counting on you.
Oh wouldn't that be nice but after trump there is pence who I hear is trump on crack then paul ryan who can't even begin to the job ha has
@SenatorLankford Now you care? You support Trump by not opposing him. You're a coward refusing to own the bigotry & hate that is the GOP.
@SenatorLankford You and the entire GOP must act to stop Trump. Action speaks louder than words. This behavior is not acceptable.
Ya THINK? This is SO pathetic and we are SICK of it!
Congress needs to call him out! GOP, you have the majority. DO YOUR JOB!
Empty words. You reps never actually confront Trump about it. You didnt even mention him in your tweet.
I don't agree with much of what you say, but this is the right on. Thank you, @SenatorLankford, for speaking against this rhetoric.
That's all you've got? PATHETIC!  GOP needs to condemn this behavior not hand slap
Is it FINALLY time to admit that this man is not mentally well?
Office of the President of the United States of America. Seriously this is coming to this being that serious of an issue.
Be seriously spoken too or the possibilities of taking actions to impose the 25 amendment at this point that he is no fit to fulfill the
Unlike you, @realDonaldTrump knows how to WIN! Stay out of his way.
Doj just goes to show that there is a lack of knowledge and concern of his allegiance to America and the possibility he must
How about he's clearly unfit for the job and should be removed before he breaks America irreparably.
And if these tweets and his continuing actions such as contradictory statements plus depletion of our State Department and our
Nice statement. It's a beginning. Now what are you going to do, Senator, to protect us from this lunatic president?
I and many others seem to have opinions of the matter that he's not capable of holding this position for which he has been elected to serve
Thank you for pointing this out I appreciate it
-  the Mika's point.."small hands"  insults delivered  ...are critical & subject to your scrutiny.too....  Jeez
Actions of others that are in distress due to this conflict of his lack of knowing how to precede and respond to his Job as @POTUS.

This manifestation of behaviors to continue then you're complicit in every and all actions that come from such that happens. This includes
This is not how an American president should be conducting the Office of President. As long as yourself and others continue to allow
Mike Pence should administer "twitter aversion therapy" to POTUS behind the Gym
Continued tweets from @POTUS show a person who is unable to control himself and attack his own American ppl and institutions as a standard.
Reading these tweets is a riot!  MJ trashes Pres Trump everyday but that's ok w/u.  Trump says something mean back & libs become prudes.
Condemning tweets are easy.  Are you going to impede investigation like @ChuckGrassley and others?  Or be a patriot and follow facts?
Thank you for doing what the POTUS cannot: display a sense of decency and decorum on a social media platform. A grateful nation applauds.
Agreed ! Someone need to teach Trump what most kids learn in Pre-School.
The media must be held accountable.  The vile attacks by MJ on Pres Trump everyday must stop! I support Trump & his right to defend. #MAGA
Yes. Thank you very much for saying this.
Thank you Sir.
Thank you!
Newly minted #GOP #karenhandel will bring a new brand of hate to the hill and would deny that Officer her right to her marriage, more hate..
Thank you for standing up for decency, Senator.
Thank-you! America wants this demeaning bullying and immature behavior to be  reprimanded, now. Stop Trump. Fed up Mom
yada yada yada
Stop enabling him and acting like he's normal. The GOP allowed him to get this far. You own it. You stop him.
Thank you for speaking out. This POTUS reflects poorly the values of the US & reflects poorly on the GOP, in particular!
are you "concerned"?  or is this a step or two below concern?
Got an idea on civility. Try not to legislatively murder Americans with your healthcare bill. Thanks.
Senator, Trump needs to resign.
Thank you Senator.
Very proud of you Senator for standing up for what is right. You actually speak more presidential than he does. #Lankford2020
I disagree, Sir, We the people of America want to hear directly from @POTUS Senator Lankford people want the truth, not innuendos or lies.
But you don't do anything, you all sit on your asses & shake your heads. DO SOMETHING, impeach the lunatic before he starts WW3 NOW.
Senator it's called Checks and Balance
Trump is mentally ill
He is Dangerous 
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
This crap right here is why I will not be #voting for Senator Lanky-foot this #election. He #betrayed my last vote. I won't be fooled twice!
But you still support him.
You've taken at least $10,000 from the NRA. How about denouncing this ad designed to inspire vigilantism? https://www.facebook.com/NRA/videos/1605896562755373/ …
Thank you!!!
@GOP is all talk and no action when it comes to Trump.  A bunch of cowards, who refuse to stand up to him
Sir, I rarely agree with you but thank you for this.
#DOSOMETHING
Senator, please encourage the house to impeach this man-child lunatic. If you won't, we'll elect someone who will.
Don't kiss his ass like you did Mary Fallon's.
Senator you need to review all the past shows of the 2in question they and she deserves all they got from POTUS..
Then do something about it!!  You have the majority - impeach!
POTUS can say anything and you will still enable his destructive agenda.  Hollow words proving that Hypocrisy has no Boundaries
#45 is uncouth & disgusting! He's making America a toilet! I'm
Ths Applies2U2!Ur silence speaks volumes! Whose side are U on?https://twitter.com/nolanelle/status/880513076574822401 ….
@SpeakerRyan https://twitter.com/nolanelle/status/880504857874096129 ….
SHAME onU ThtU hveYT2standW/WH,staff,fam&wifekids while TheyR underSIEGE fmLEFTmedia abuse ofPWR2delgit&throw him out.Ur silence enablesThm!
URvryWRNG.Urefuse2DENOUNCE LEFTmediaDAILY PrsnlATTKS98%(HarvrdStdy)WH,staff,fam&wifekidsR passLeg2PunishFRAUDnws tht lies2AmPPLw/NOevid.!
Then DO SOMETHING about it. You can, I can't.
I'm shockdBC LuvUr viewsBT URvryWRNG!Urefuse2DENOUNCE LEFTtalk past7mos.PRSNL ATTKS WH,staff,fam&wifekids&result assasinATTMPT10%GOPCngrss!
IMPEACH HIM, he's unfit and unstable. You risk the lives of everyone for greed. You put money over people. You have no soul
Where's your indignation every morning when @morningmika and @Morning_Joe hurl continuous personal insults and lies @POTUS?
I'm afraid that saying his tweets "don't help" won't be enough. Can you please do more? There is a lot at stake. Thank you.
When have they ever?
Why are you just speaking up today?
Have they seen the NRA ad?
You don't have to agree w Presidents tweets, tweet your own positive solutions .

Many Republicans will condemn this tweet in strong moral terms. 

Then they will spend rest of day trying end insurance for 22m Americans. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/880410114456465411 …
you should back our @POTUS  @SenatorLankford  after all the attacks yet you and Gop stay silent unless he hits back.Back Potus or goodbye
Lankford is a Nevertrumper, and he wants more rapefugees in Oklahoma, not good for OK.
Give me a break! U own him he exemplifies your constituency. Leave the GOP and I will respect you but otherwise save your platitudes for 
Sir, the @GOP installed this man as president. More than a disgrace, he has become a danger. Begin impeachment.
Thank you.  This needed to be said.
Thanks Sen Lankford...Only thing you've EVER said that I agree with...
Thanks for this, Senator.
time to #InvokeThe25th
this is not enough,ur dealing with a trainwreck & he is taking  all of us including u down with him
#ALLIN4AMERICA
hold him accountable! Speaking out is a start.
3/ Forgot to mention - he is conservative and he carries. Your statement is a start, but not enough. This calls for more than that, & soon.
Time for you to get behind our President...you can be voted out
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for stating that. Proud of you! OK constituent
Thank you Senator!
2/ This is what it has come to, Senator. He believes and defends Trump's  lies & behavior. This is getting dangerous. Please do something.
Pussygrabbing, mocking the disabled, all the racist & sexist bile he's already spewed, but somehow *this* tweet gets crocodile-tear scorn?
Thank you, sir, for standing up for women & saying that #POTUS went too far. Wish our other OK Sen had said something too! #AdaOK
Oh, that'll show Trump. Stand up to him and stop being complicit. Start opposing him
A family member recently lumped me in w/ the 'lying media'. Told me to 'join the fight or get the hell out of the way'. 1/
With all due respect this response is not strong enough.  This. Is. Not. Normal... and you in GOP are in position to censure, at the least
Thats right “Real” work like the work u r going 2 b doing on yet another #Congressional recess? seems tough #smh
Thank you for stating this.
