a commercial for Betsy Devos for Education Secretary? We have reached the dark side.
I saw that, too! Don't see many commercials. Is that at all common?
You didn't have a problem with Senate delays over the last year. And where's your statement on @POTUS and Russia?
who used those tactics for the last 8 years???? Karma baby karma
what did ya'll do the last eight years? Hypocrisy!!!
Besty DeVos is a shame.  You should be ashamed and labeled destroyer of our public trust.  #nodevos
glad to hear their tactics are working!  I am way disappointed with both MY senators from Oklahoma
What work has your party done the last 8 years other than obstruct?? NOTHING!!!!Where is your Obamacare replacement?
is ass kissing your job description
We voted you into office and we can vote you right out again, try listening to all these comments!! #noDevos #NoPruitt
Like you and other Republicans worked during Obama's administration?  #garlandmerrick
The Republicans are more infamous than anyone for using stall tactics. Damn hypocrite.
not stall he should have nominated qualified individuals, not billionaires. Pay2play.
We will not accept, we will never sit down, we will never be quiet. We will #persist we will #resist #DonTheCon so too bad
Yes, let's hear about Bowling Green Massacre!
Yeah, who cares that's how America works. #vile #MerrickGarland You freaking hypocrite.
As unbelievable as the last 8 years from the party of No? Now the party of no ideas #ACA
Oh yes..buy your seat in the Swamp Cabinet..http://endcitizensunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Web-DeVos.pdf …
traitor to Oklahoma! Traitor the the American people. Sell out
same stall tactics that have always been used, including by the GOP. Don't be a hypocrite.
#VoteNoDevos
lind of reminds you of the last 8 years of obstruction .
typical bully:u can dish it out but u can't take it. #YouReapWhatYouSow
Then you should start working for the People of OK, by listening when we say #NoDevos & #NoSessions  #VoteNoDevos
stall tactics like the ones republicans used to prohibit Pres Obama from appointing a SCJ? #hypocrite
I agree. I think it fits the Democats "Do Nothing" agenda: Promise Everything. Deliver Nothing. Blame someone else.
You have got to be joking! Why didn't you confirm President Obama SCOTUS? Hypocrites! You're only out for yourself.
Funny. Where was this work ethic the past few years??
And where was that attitude with Merrick Garland? #stolenseat #hypocrit
please vote no on Devos.  She is not qualified for the job, just look at her resume, please!
NO to Gorsuch, DeVos, Pruitt & the rest of these appalling cabinet choices. Listen to your constituents for once!!
Obama couldn't get his done for 8 yrs because you obstructed. How does it feel?
Where is Merrill Garland in these confirmation hearings?
You disgust me!!!  You know DeVose isn't qualified as Sec of Ed!!!  Party before the children!  Shame on you!!!
YOU ARE AS IMMATURE AND UNREALISTIC AS RUMP.  MCCONNELL HASN'T STALLED?!?!?!?!?!??!
well what happened with the Merrick Garland situation....that's the pot calling the kettle black!
needs to cut the ties to Putin.
needs to quit foisting his kids' travel bills on taxpayers.
now you have a taste of your own medicine
Also, does the name Merrick Garland ring any bells? 
The issue here is the nominations are grossly unqualified or potentially harmful to many.
I would like to know WHEN we are going to be told how much the trump admin worked with the Russians.National Security issue
talk about stall!
Where is DT taxes? Cabinet nominees failed to get paperwork done in timely manner. TRUTH is fact.  Dog whistle:Obama
maybe you should listen to your constituents instead of bitching and being hypocritical
If you are referring to stalling Merrick Garland's consideration, I agree.
To be an educator in US requires a degree..to be Sec of Education all reqd is to be billionaire! PATHETIC!!!
You can sure speak with authority about STALL TACTICS!!!
the same stall tactics that you used? Y'all are the kids that flip table when someone pulls a draw 4 on your ass in uno
You should recognize it because you and your fellow reps perfected these tactics during Obama administration.
getting his work done has meant bypassing other gov't branches. @GOP senators did 380 filibusters from 2006-2012.
For EIGHT YEARS Republicans did nothing during the Obama administration. You are a hypocrite.
says the man who supported delaying a SCOTUS pick for a year.
unbelievable stall tactics?  Boo, does the GOP have a mirror to look at the past 8 years #potmeetkettle
perhaps he had better qualified candidates that didn't require this kind of 'stall'? #DeVos is NOT qualified. #VoteNoDevos
You are a hypocrite.  Failing OK and failing US.  Enjoy your last term in office.

Sir you and your constituents have been blocking Obamas picks and decisions for 8 fucking years. The hypocrisy is absurd
pot, kettle, black.  You hypocrite.
why didn't you say these things the last 8 years? They learned from. You
what have you and the other #Republicans been doing for the last 8 years? Using every stall tactic available.
#MerrickGarland
Something we can agree on!  What happened with the Garland nomination for SCOTUS again?  You guys stalled?
Gone, baby, gone.
I pray that the will of the American people be done !
I WILL LET U KNOW IF SOMETHING POPS UP!!
are you kidding me?  You have the worst case of amnesia ever!
.   Short memory on treatment of President Obama. Your revisionist history would be laughable if it weren't so frightening.
it appears you and the repub party have forgotten the last 8 years of onstruction
Sorry, didn't realize pleading 4 mercy on behalf of my students was getting in the way of what's fair. #VoteNoDevos #oklaed
says the party that turned obstruction into an art form. Remember the last 8 years?
you can't be forreal! You we're in the Senate during Obama's term! What's good for the ganter os good for the goose
GOP stalled and Obstructed for 8 Years! Garland should be on SCOTUS! Balance! #resist
#failingOklahoma
A Navy Seal..an american child..and numerous women and children murdered for a 10 yr old video for no reason FUBAR
And how about breaking ties with Koch and putting country before party and big $.  That'd be a good idea, eh?!
Vote no DeVos, Pruitt. Get rid of Bannon and for the love of God, deal with Trump's conflicts of interests!  Please!
is it stalling when @POTUS puts together a completely incompetent cabinet bent on destroying the agencies they're heading?
You are so insulting.
"get our work done" you're a funny guy!
seems to me obstructionism was the name of your game or did you forget?
I sit firmly on the right on most issues, but I hope they stall long enough for someone to come to their senses #NotoDeVos
You must not remember all the years of obstruction in that chamber to President Obama. Try not to say things that have no credibility.
LISTEN to your constituents.  Vote no on devos and scott pruett
Betsy devos has given millions to GOP campaigns. This is nothing more than pay to play for an unqualified person.
if he wouldn't have nominated really bad choices  the tactics wouldn't be used. Betsy devos is wrong
You said it Charles! Huge difference about Cabinet - they're mostly unqualified/conflicted interest
thankfully they are blocking since you have noted you are voting for DeVos against the wishes of those who sent you to DC
if they are QUALIFIED for the position!!!! DeVos is not, she knows nothing about education policy! #DumpDevos
Oh your memory is soooooooo short
These are the same stall the GOP used during the Obama years. Surprised the Dems learned frm ya'll?
Goodness, that's rich after years of Republican obstruction. Y'all even stealing a SCOTUS seat with it.
you did the same thing for the last 8 years.
Pot, meet Kettle. Represent your constituents. Step down!
TERM LIMITS IS THE ANSWER
you did your fair share of obstruction in prev admin. Vote NO on DeVos and Pruitt! OK deserves better
Yes, it would be nice if you guys would quit stalling and vote on Merrick Garland.
I would think stalling would be welcome when the alternative is a detriment to women's right or public education
At what point did the work for your constituents stall? Asking for a friend.
Loretta Lynch (6 months)  Merrick Garland (more than a year) Don't dish it out if you can't take it.
blah blah blah
I guess after 8 years of doing not a damn thing,  you're ready to work. Puleaze
My opinion of you just keeps sinking. What is unbelievable is you crying about stall tactics like Republicans don't do it.
So, you are saying that you "worked" with President Obama. I don't think so. I know that you and your cronies DID NOT
SERIOUSLY! You can say that after the way the GOP used the same stall tactics. You turned into a hypocrite. Ashamed.
Tell us again how you stalled Merrill Garlands nomination for nearly a year.
Sounds like a tea party tactic?!
You have got to be kidding. Do you think we forgot about your obstruction against President Obama?
are you kidding me???? after 8 years of "our main goal is to make sure this president gets nothing done."
have they started reading Dr Seuss like @SenTedCruz?  Damn stall tactics.
VOTE NO ON DEVOS! OK schools cannot stand to lose more funds. Stand for students PLEASE! Pay our teachers more!
This didn't seem to be a concern of the GOP when Obama was president.  What's changed?
oh and like that time that you all opposed Obama on everything he tried. And that time you shut down the government



just like republicans did with Garland?
LOL! Where was the sense of duty when Obama was President? Stop insulting the people.
hypocrites all of you
The @GOP are wrote the book on stall tactics. @SenatorLankford you're hilarious!
. This is the least qual cab in http://history.Vote  NO on DEVOS PRICE and PRUITT.Our children deserve your repres
Your hypocrisy never fails to amaze. 300+ days of ignoring Garland? Totally fine! A week of hearings? Time to freak out!
And just how did GOP "help" Obama get his legislation done? #BlockedbyGOP
You could help a lot if you'd just be honest about what a Disaster Pruitt is for EPA.  Tell the TRUTH abt Pruitt!
Chuck Hagel, Merrick Garland ,etc, etc...and STFU.
Will be calling you everyday and that is because it is your job to listen and act for the people not against the people.
Yes, it's his job to represent the progressives of Oklahoma as well!
the GOP senators who received campaign donations from Devos are voting yes while holding their noses..are you one??
you are just going to have to listen to the people of you want the stalling to stop.
Face it Senator - Pruitt just is not fit to be running EPA - ethics are gonna sink him AND EPA. #climatechange
probably because the people he's tried to appoint are not qualified, ya dingus.
James I agree with you, except on DeVos  she needs to walk away. Zero qualifications; equates to try again #Trump
It's simple vote no on Pruitt and Devos along with Sessions....Just say No.
Then you should start working for the People of OK, by listening when we say #NoDevos & #NoSessions  #VoteNoDevos !
you're whining is so funny. what's that saying about the shoe being on the other foot? you're all hypocrites
What's outrageous is how you're stripping American land & civil protections. When will you do better? Tired of waiting.
Tell us about that time Merrick Garland got a hearing for SCOTUS.
Also, any thoughts on the Bowling Green Massacre?
Are you kidding me?  I watched you stall, moan, and fail to do your sworn duty for years. Now you're upset?
for years? Sen Langford has only been there less than two years!
Hmmm, maybe these confirmations are being stalled because they're OUTRAGEOUS.
Needs to #divest and #disclose taxes.
I disagree Senator. #StolenSeat
that’s democracy for you, stop whining.
