Here is my full speech from tonight. Tonight’s bill is not the final bill. Final bill will come in September. WATCH:
WE have a mandate to insure cars w/penalties. My 1st day @ OU Trauma was $4.3 MIL, no car costs that much. The problem is med costs to ins.
The drivers in assigned risk can pay up to $8k/yr. medical ins, needs to be profitable or break even to stay in markets. Deal w/medical cost
Pharmaceutical charges of $800 for 6 shots for migraines, etc. change premium structure for equity so ins. covering fam of 3 not same as 10.
Why should insurer assume same rate for family of 10 at same rate as family w/1 kid? When drivers added to auto, premiums go up per added.
Doctors are leaving or grouping due to Medicare/Medicaid reimb. So low they can't keep lights on, cover malpractice, overhead at $67/visit!
Excluding the basic 14 mandatory coverages in ACA will be as devastating financially as no coverage. These costs then passed on to everyone.
Uninsured will still get sick, have accidents, but wait til urgent overwhelming ERs @ exponentially higher costs absorbed by hospitals...
And then passed on to others by increased costs, costing even more to insurance cos., passed on to insureds through premium increases.
You can't blame the Dems now.  McCain voted against it. The war hero.  Yeah you know the one.
1. I was just watching your speech and had to stop to address some major BS: around the 4min mark you complain that around 80% of the...
2. People who pay the "no health ins" tax make under 50k and that's Obamacare's fault. RATHER, it's Gov Fallon and our OK legislature's...
Yeah but you had 7 years #toolate
So why the hell don't you negotiate IN PUBLIC with some details?  I know, the cock brothers won't like it.
Our representatives should not pass a bill that isn t ready to implement this late in the game.
You sound like Hillary. It's the rules, the Democrats, the complexity, holdouts. It's the Tunis!
The last word should have read Rinos.
I am ashamed of the Republicans and all of congress. Had Republican County meeting last night, most are ashamed.
You know, the guy who gave us Sarah Palin. Go cry to Trump I'm sure he cares.
Senators made the rules, Senators can change the rules. Stop making excuses, take charge or get out of the way.
Did you do everything in your power to make Obummercare work for OK?  Or did you sabotage it every step of the way?  Checks votes...
@SenatorLankford speaks the truth. If you are not on or have not been on O'care, you don't have standing in the conversation.
What about those of us that lost our good healthcare and Doctor due to ACA? Do we have standing? I pay $6000 more per year for less coverage
Republicans and Democrats should fear new 3rd party(Tea Party), if it existed, changes would be enormous.
Explain how we are to trust that the next bill will be better. You have done nothing to foster trust among your neutral constituents.
Final bill in September. Hahaha. You've had SEVEN YEARS to polish a plan your party said was the best plan! How much more snake oil you got?
You say that...but the truth is 3 Rep Sen. And all the dems didnt fall for your crap. The house tricked us once wasnt going to happen again
You are voting for a bill you don't want to become law. Don't you see how absurd this is?
You voted to get rid of access to healthcare for millions of people while they pay for your healthcare. Shame on you. We will not forget.
Another recess! You should be paid the same wages as teachers.
Keep at it. Thanks.
Disappointed you didn't stand up for what's right. The ladies and the hero carried the day.
You claim to be a Christian but your support of anything trump represents and endorses is the most hypocritical thing ever.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski #VoteNo for their states tonight, did you?
Tonight was your best chance and your last.
All @GOP bills will be shit. You all have no compassion, integrity or sense of fairness. It is all padding your pockets and that is it.
As an Oklahoman, I've experienced the issues you describe with the ACA. But passing an interim bill is sloppy and solves nothing.
You guys have had 7 years to come up with an alternative. You tried secrecy. It did not work. Please don't take my sons healthcare away.
Vote No on the skinny bill. I've left you messages. Your mailbox is full. This bill is evil and a mistake! People will die!
Don't endorse something you don't mean to endorse. It's pretty easy, really. Vote no if the bill's not what you think it should be.
#VoteNo
This bill raises premiums by 20% every year. All medical personnel and hospitals groups oppose it. Listen to experts. Listen to constituents
How can you know that "the final bill will come in Sept"? If you pass skinny repeal tonight the House could pass it tomorrow. Vote NO.
If you vote for this travesty you are a moral failure who has abdicated your responsibility to the American people.
That is not true.  You pass the bill and send it to the House, regardless what they say, they can vote to accept tonight.  Please vote no!!!
Why the HELL would you trust Lyin Ryan right now with Donald Trump and "The Mooch" now in the equation? Can you say "grenade in the room"?
Good job James 7 years of Republican preparation sure paid off. Thank you for showing us what u r capable off Senator.
Remember Korri's face! How would you feel if this was your child, with a rare neurologic disease there is no cure for? #VoteNO
LIES, LIES, LIES #GreedOverParty
@SenatorLankford has lost all credibility as a #Christian with his actions in the last week.  #SAD
#WWJD ? Not this bill! This firmly puts to rest Reagan's catchphrase "compassionate conservatism". Proven to be--without a doubt--oxymoron
Meet one of your constituents Korri, who relies on Medicaid to keep her at home, and provide her care. Do you care enough to vote No on HCB?
You are hurting the working class.  Please stop being owned by the Koch Brothers!
Coward and a liar.
Your cowardice will hurt Oklahomans for decades to come. I will have my patients' families send their funeral invitations to your office.
You will betray your voters to win a few GOP slaps on the back. You mainly parrot disproven talking points
A moving speech and it is important to address the problems you raise. But this bill tonight is not the way to do it. Please vote not.
By "a moving speech" do you mean it gave you diarrhea? Cause those kind of lies make ME that sick.
The Skinny Bill is an attempt to blow up Obamacare. And, the public will blame Republicans, because you have a majority of both houses.
Liar. @SenatorLankford Your career ends when you vote yes tonight @IndivisibleTeam @IndivisibleOK @OkDemocrats
How do you really know tonight's bill is not final? The house can just vote to approve. Don't vote yes for a bill you don't believe in.
But he does believe in it. He is un-American.
What good are cheaper policies that won't provide coverage? Those without real, decent coverage won't be without it by choice.
And when someone on a cheap policy needs more & cant pay, guess who does? You & me.
I'm not even so sure anymore that there will be that option, Andrew. Not unless it's an individual hospital's charity. Medicaid will be cut.
Yes . Uncompensated care will result in higher overall prices, which the rest of us will pay directly or in higher insurance costs, or both.
I can't trust you, senator. I wish I could, but you mislead and misinform your constituents about what these bills will and won't do.
Un-Christian. Worse, un-American. Shameful.
I appreciate the videos, but my rural satellite internet won't let me watch them. Got transcripts for me to read? For now, I'll just guess.
Here's a rundown of the Lankford LIES:
Thank you.
And what, insurers are just going to twiddle thumbs for months? You know this has an immediate impact, don't lie!
After 7 years you are blaming @TheDemocrats since you don't have a health care bill? Shame!  #PBSNews
Voting on a bill you haven't seen and hasn't been scored by the CBO is ignorant.
This sounds oddly like I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today. Took you all 8 years to still have NOTHING,Sept won't change that
Schoolhouse Rock was wrong. Apparently, the Senate votes on a piece of crap they don't like and then hope Paul Ryan doesn't pass it.
Why do you say that you're for lower premiums but keep voting for bills that the CBO says will make ins. cost more than it would under ACA?
What a sham.
FIX #ACA
Thank you @SenatorLankford. It's far from perfection but in this swamp one small step feels like a giant leap for mankind.
If you don't have a full bill, why are you voting on this? Do the job right, not just half way to say you got a win.
Okies will wake up. Your term isn't up for quite a while, so you don't think you have anything to worry about. You're wrong.
He lies so easily now, much like 45.
It must be contagious!! #GreedOverPeople Lankford LIES
Senator Lankford, this is it.  No redo or final in sept
Lie
Lies. This is the final bill.
Sadly, I believe you are correct. If they had any intention of fixing ACA, they would have dome it by now. 
You do not represent this constituent and it's shameful you work so hard to take away from so many when you could use that effort to repair.
DO NOT PASS!!!!!! We are having enough problems in our state without this!!!
You have lost all credibility and have zero interest in serving Oklahoma. You're scared and hopeless.
If you vote Yes, it can become law. You will be held responsible for it...
So why vote for a bill that devestated The American people now?  Take a recess, go home , talk to the people you are going to hurt and vote
You do not represent this constituent's views of the #SkinnyRepeal.  @LindsayGrahamSC said it was a "Fraud" and I agree with that.
Should the house choose to pass the bill you pass tonight, then tonight's bill IS the final bill. Sigh.
