@Maurice68993394 cancer rates increase due to mountaintop removal
Who's removing mountaintops @thom70533770 ? Please enlighten me...
shortened life of the workers and their children who live in the area.
Will fact check ur info. & research facts, get back with you @thom70533770 because I'm all about the facts.
thank you that's all anyone can ask 
You're welcome @thom70533770  Good Sunday to you.
He may like breathing it but he has no record that shows he will protect it for our children and grandchildren.  Note NO
so he doesn't like Oklahoma water, to many carcinogens in our water to be called clean.
could have fooled me!
I didn't know if you knew either, @SenatorLankford, but carbon dioxide isn't something humans can breathe.
what about those coal companies dumping waste into streams and waterways
Well said Sen Lankford...Keep it up and we may keep you around.

@POTUS you're one of the reasons God doesn't love Oklahoma anymore!#oklahomaearthquakes #
What about our kids and grandkids?  I'm not sure if y'all knew this, but Pruitt is a climate change denier.
WOW, THAT'S SO DEEP.  HE IS UNFIT TO LEAD EPA...PROBABLY FIT TO DESTROY IT, THOUGH.  GROW UP.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
He likes getting rich off of big business' who would sell out the American's people and wildlife's heath for a measly buck.
He likes big oil more. Tell us about the earthquakes he ignored.
going to remember you said this !! Prove it.
I'm not sure if you know this but your constituents know you are lying In fact they will remember come election

.@SenatorLankford But does he like dikes around coastal cities?  Does he like a healthy ocean? Does he like most of Florida.
But he prefers $$$ from gas & oil! And he lets them write his letters. #NOtoPRUITT. Show some intelligence & integrity.
Well Said! I like the bottom line. Not a bunch of bloviating. Next!
he didn't mind chicken shit either as beautiful lake Tenkiller went from blue to green by Tyson polluting the Illinois Rvr
.@SenatorLankford I disagree. Scott Pruitt was bad for Oklahoma, we went from 2 earthquakes/yr to over 900 thanks to wastewater disposal.
.@SenatorLankford, you are, quite simply, lying. You are the senator from a state in crisis and you know Pruitt has been no help here.
He also must really like earthquakes. If he is confirmed there will be a break over rig in the Grand Canyon with a year.
so why did he delay the law suit for the shit in the water? Lol.  Instead he wasted time suing to get 10 commandnts
Super impressed with you, sir.
Sure. He just doesn't care if anybody else has clean air and water. You two bastards were made for one another.
oh yes he is so qualified NOT
you are such a joker.
based on his various suits against the EPA his concern for clean air and water is way down on hid list of priorities.
I like pencils so I'd make a great sec of education!
Hard to believe.  You sure can't tell by his actions in Oklahoma
Pruitt is definitely not up to the job. He is a climate change denier. Vote NO!
all those with a brain no climate change is a hoax http://petitionproject.org/ 
We are well aware of #ScottPruitt 's record with the EPA. Unbelievably POOR choice for this position!  #notaltfact
does he think climate change is real or a hoax made up by China ??
But he doesn't care if those he considers less than him have clean air and water.
Oh James James James..who puts the money in your pocket..us or them..oh double dip it..yes..I see..
he also likes drilling next to houses..dirty air, kicking puppies and lickinig babies..oh wait is that the other way round?
really only at his house for his family cause he makes the earth move for everyone else..go figure
He must like $$ from oil companies too why else would he shut down an OK agency that checked for clean air, water & soil?
Did you know a white nationalist was on the National Security Council?
Did you know he wants America to be all white, all European, all year round?
C'Mon James you know as well as we do he does not qualify for this, and u need start listening to your constituents
after all the fracking earthquakes..the balls on you jimmy!
then why is he so hostile to the 0lanet?
WRONG! Pruitt will be awful for our country! He has been destructive to the environment in Oklahoma!
And I'm sure he & his friends will soon own the clean air & water for themselves.
I'm not sure if y'all knew this, but #scottpruitt doesn't believe in science. In fact, he doesn't even understand it.
and others try to pretend they didn't support them full heartedly and made fun of constituents that disagreed.
every be sure to take screen shots of these tweets for when all of these picks do exactly what we say they are going to &
Certainly can't discern that from his actions. Here in Oklahoma we are familiar with his earth shaking actions.

He just doesn't care if our grandchildren have clean air and water. Pick again: Vote NO.
Yet, he works so hard against it. Why? Oil and gas?
Sorry, he is the most unqualified person with a personal agenda who should never be near the EPA.  Vote at your own risk.
then why did everyone ok dumping coal waste in our streams? #GOGREEN #saveourplanet
He likes it for himself but not for the rest of us.
"You shall not defile the land in which you live, in the midst of which I dwell," says the Lord. Numbers 35: 33-34. Vote NO
You don't make the slightest effort to represent working-class Oklahomans, just the K Street Oklahomans.
#ScottPruitt also like suing the #EPA #VoteNo
Actually, all we know is you're helping to bring OK, and the rest of America down. Sleep well, Jimmy.
No. No he doesn't. Much like yourself he enjoys swamps.
he also likes franking, polluting our water, destroy Mother Earth, and $$ in his pocket from oil companies..VOTE NO
of course he does! He just doesn't believe OTHER people should have the same access. #ClimateChangeIsReal
You are deluded that @ScottPruittOK will be effective at reining in EPA overreach. He was terrible here in OK. #ShutDownEPA
Then he should not take the position and you should not vote for him!!!
He gives in to oil companies and didn't think of consequences. He dos not believe in #climatechange
Just because you are his friend and give in the same to big companies dos not mean he his good for the head of #EPA
It is a okie republican thing to go" why are you angry we care too" when you don't do anything about it to show you do.
actions speak louder then words! It's a little late for Inhofe, Pruitt, & you to learn that.
Big fan of earthquakes as well!!
support Trump Oklahoma voted for him
The buckle of the Bible Belt voted for a pussy grabbing adulterer and don't care that they did.
I care that they did because the shouldn't have. He is to buddy buddy not to vote yes on Pruitt.
I really meant the ones who voted for him. I'm proud to be an Okie resident who did not 
same here
