So where are you going to stand on a full repeal? That is even worse for Oklahoma...... And you Christian values...
And hearing.  We need a Senate that work together and not for next elevation.  We will remember n 18.
We'll find out where you really stand now Senator. How you think majority of your constiuents feeling about your Dear Leader #2 tonight?
andddddddddd I'm still not going to stop calling you to remind you of it..or tweeting to you to remind you of it..Gotta love twitter.
#REPUBLICANSFORACA #FIXITDONTNIXIT #BIPARTISANEFFORTNEEDED
Oklahoma is already in a healthcare crisis. This bill will make it worse. Vote for what is best for Oklahoma.
Apparently GOP can't.  You would not know we elected a GOP congress.
We need single payer health care.  I will be glad to explain why if you want to know.
The #BCRA is NOT #healthcare.  It is #wealthcare and will devastate rural OK.  We NEED you to vote NO on this legislation! #wwjd
Allow for imported medicine with reimbursement by insurers.  Allow free immigration of medical service providers. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
Loss my vote
Or you could vote no and then work with Susan Collins and a bipartisan group on fixing ACA
Even the major ins carriers vehemently oppose the Cruz Amendment.

The senate has always been the body of government to compromise without fail! Stop whining and compromise-- be a leader
Reform def: to make changes in order to improve

Honestly, I see the changes, but not the improvement. That's the most important part
But would you like to hear from the hospital groups, the insurance companies, AARP, or even from us?  #Healthcare #healthcare
The replacement will never work because of DC greed and,,,
If anyone wants to opt out of Obamacare rules, regulations, and mandates they should be free to do so #OptMeOut
I'm ditching my party and going independent  I figure if we all do that we will HAVE to get along.  Ha.
Amen from the back row!
Senator Lankford   The Senate has had years to prepare for this.  The people are disappointed at what we are seeing
Are you kidding??  We need health care reform!  Get it done!!
Even Ins-co's have come out against the #bettercare in it's current state.
Well spoken!
It is bad for Oklahoma
The #BCRA will give tax breaks for <1% of Oklahomans & devastate the remainder...
You might need to talk to Inhofe, he seems to not be too concerned about kicking hundreds of thousands of his constituents off healthcare.
I do believe Inhofe's retiring, thus not running for re-election. I suspect he cares not an iota about what happens to his constituents. 
Okay, if this is true, how come you are lying to Oklahomans about what passage of the BRCA would mean for those most in need? Explain.
We're counting on you to put country before party.
lol like thats going to happen with the rep. they want this albatross of their necks as soon a possible even if it cost them the house 2018
I agree. Thank you. Am a primary care physician. Stripping essential health benefit will lead to progression preventable problems for many.
I agree. I'm a Type 1 Diabetic. My disease is costly, I get that... but potentially becoming disabled due to lack of care is more costly.
I look forward to that, though I doubt McConnel will allow it
IT MUST.With Oklahoma being one of the three states that will be hurt the worst One out of ten will lose coverage is not acceptable.
If you vote yes for it, I will be voting no for you.
Just figured that out? when are you going to get the GOP is being run by satanist? people who have forsaken the teachings of Christ?
Do. Not. Pass. This. Obscene. Harmful. Bill!! It's all _for_ the Rich, against all the rest of us.
"it must include...bipartisan debate" . . . or what?  You won't vote for it?  Is that what you're saying?
Careful on 'bipartisan'. Few voted bipartisan!  We voted Trump and full repeal.  If you make the 'biparts' happy will you count that a win?
It's your actions that count - you have followed party lines on your votes more than 90%.  Grow a spine and do what's right for OK.
Why?-- it wasn't bipartisan in 2009-10;   Dems didn't care for yr opinion; if we wanted bipartisan, we would be 1-Party system. REPEAL
Yes it was. There were over 160 Republican amendments in the AHCA. Not to mention 100s hours of hearings and committees.
Hmm-- made me look it up. After all, even Nancy Pelosi had to wait for it to pass, so she'd find what was in it
So I hope this means you vote NO on this bill
Just so I understand correctly, you agree that repeal/replace is not what's best for the US? Bipartisan reform of ACA? @SenatorLankford
Like the Dems did before?
Hope that's not just rhetoric. No legitimate reason to rush. Current bill is ridiculous and will destroy Oklahoma 's rural communities.
Does this reform give help to families with autistic children? Mental health for adults 18+?
Vote NO to cuts to Medicaid - devastating to rural OK kids, disabled, poor, & rural health care jobs. WWJD Senator?  Vote your values.
Then why is the bill being passed under budget reconciliation? Be honest senator, you don't care about debate. Party over country, right?
If y'all fixed everything like we hired you to do, you'd become more irrelevant than you already are. Keep tabling it while we get poorer.
It must also include taking care of the elderly and the children who are in economic need not cutting or increasing cost to them.
Although I may disagree with your ultimate vote, I admire your respect for process on such important legislation.
if you can get Democrat's to start doing there job great in the mean time no work no pay every action has a reaction freeze there pay
I just read your full Facebook post. Not allowing any increase in Medicaid equates to a cut in Medicaid. Stop with your misinformation.
Does this mean you are a no vote for the new bill or at least a no to proceed with vote? I will support a bipartisan approach.
Yes yes yes
Just REPEAL it. Who wants government in our business. Please just REPEAL. Move on.
Then why have a government at all?
To make sure the constitution is followed. No healthcare mentioned in my constitution. To keep Americans safe. No terrorist  allowed in USA
Must lift the mandates! At very least!
Thank you
Now, why have you not pushed to take clearance away from Jared? Cornyn and Cruz here in TX are pathetic and weak.
I bet 1000 and you are a yes-man and go along with Donald Trump because you are afraid of him. Don't forget the people from OK voted you in
Don't forget the people of Oklahoma voted Trump in too. MAGA
Pls be mindful that we are living, breathing ppl who need our healthcare. This isn't D or R. It's human. Many of us feel expendable to D.C.
What has changed in the newest version of this bill that makes it better for American people? #Healthcare
We do not need Gov. involvement in health care!  Look what you have already done! Its dispicable. Gov.  has ruined our private healthcare!
Easy to say, but if the GOP do not open it up for discussion or amendment, what will you do?  You will vote yes anyway...we all know it.
THANK YOU! That I agree with you 100% on.
Thanks Senator Lankford. The @SVLeadershipGrp applauds your call for Bipartisan, openly vetted solutions on Health Care.
Good. Please hold your party to a high standard of excellence for our health outcomes.
Like to see more 'compassionate conservatism ' coming from you and our OK delegation in consideration of this health bill.
And if they don't you will vote for it anyway
Why all of a sudden this?   So you will #VoteNoBCRA until this happens?   Tell them now as they are wasting our tax dollars.
We've been debating healthcare for 7 years think it's time for congress house and senate to pass something. 7 years! Get it DONE!

If our elected officials can't find it in their ice cold hearts to look at the impact this bill will have on the most vulnerable. Godhelpus
Really well stated
All the medical organizations I belong to are against the Senate #healthcare bill as well as two large insurance advocacy groups. #VoteNo
Health Insurers strongly oppose the BCRA. 

THEY SAY: "widespread terminations of coverage" 

You really want your name on this bill?
I am a primary care physician, I remember the pre-ACA days. Doctors, especially in primary care, are horrified to see us go backwards.
What exactly do you remember?  What do you think is better?
Government must be challenged to achieve excellence. When we silence the challengers there can never be excellence.
Just like your pal Harry Reid did in 2009, right? That was 100% open, bipart, yes? 
Yes it was. There are over 160 Republican amendments in the AHCA.
Reid locked out all repubs during senate phase. Not even allowed in the room. Any amendments came after repubs took back the senate.
Thank you
Treat health care like any other insurance. Get government out of it.
Medicaid/Care separately, like social security
Talk to McConnell.  He is so intent on one final finger to Obama that he seems unconcerned with the devastation this bill will cause
Priorities,  get health, taxes,jibs infrastruct, etc..first deal with election bs later. We are not stupid, we drain the swamp next election
I'd like to see you vote against anything not debated and not an improvement on aca.  Isn't your job to improve?
The problem is government isnt involved enough in healthcare.
AGREED, too important to rush, too important to vote next week
Fox news radio, you stated assumption repubs and dems work together, but u preferred to work solely with republicans.
Yes!! Thank you!
I dont believe you will ever pass any healhcareif you depened on Dems. Period.
Thank you
"If" you kick thousands of Oklahomans off of affordable access to healthcare, we will not forget.  We will find a candidate to defeat you.
Where were you when Obamacare kicked me off my insurance. When Obamacare started we lost our company total pay policy. BECAUSE OF OBAMA
Would have never happened with single-payer national healthcare.
Need government out. REPEAL and leave us Okies alone. No socialist healthcare. Ridiculous to even think about! REPEAL Obamacare and move on
A Sen who works for the people. Thank you.
Rural hospitals and nursing home reimb under Medicaid must be high enough to allow them to stay in business.
Absolutely agree!
And it must protect preexisting conditions, people age 55-65, mentally ill, disabled, and poor.
