You can have Cornyn, he sux like OU. 
Funny & true! Good job, proud of your professionalism.
You are for sure off, way off.
OK constituent watching hearing. I'm sorry, President attempted to obstruct. What are u & Republicans going to do about it?
In Lankford's case, apprently nothing.
Sadly, I'm expecting crickets. But I stay hopeful for individuals to find their voice outside of party lines.
I hope so too. I want to move to Maine :)
Yeah, that's actually not the way that America works. Again. Read a book.
There is a separation of church and state Sir. Please keep your praying to your home and church not work.
We HD Ave that right on both sides. This America not Russia or North Korea.
Attorney general should have been at that dinner. As President he should never leave himself open for speculation. That meeting has ?.
Is Mr. Comey going to tell his professor friend what he talk about in closed session so he can get it out to the public?
You asked the best question of the day: how would a president shut down an investigation? 1/
But a better question would have been "How would THIS president do it?" 2/
Look he has done a great job your close hearing will obviously answer more.
Hey, great job defending trump. Are you doing the work pro bono?
You all fail to understand the president has the authority to order any individual being investigated be stopped..
I'll say.
Everyone knows Russia doesn't like our process, our democracy...it's not a NewsFlash.  Comey sounds like a Civics Teacher... embarrassing!
Clearly there are a lot of people in this country that desperately need a civics class, starting with Trump and his cabinet.
But our schools r great, the Dem's have been running them for decades!  Putin didn't make anyone vote 4 Trump, get over it, u lost!
Defunding education and demonizing teachers will do that. Bitter, failing white people voted for Trump. Pretty clear who the losers are.
And as long as the left keeps saying that, we will continue 2 win. U might want 2 look at who works & pays taxes & how they vote.
Hahahaha...  Telling people to f off or read a book is typical lib playbook... wait u forgot racist!! People r tired of libs usual lame BS.
You chose a bigot, a bully, and a loser that thinks people will see him as an alpha if he brags about sexual assault. Do you want a parade?
Wow, even more spineless than I expected. #Sessionhearing #joke
Wow. And u represent the people, the truth and justice. Did they pay u off too. Unbelievable.  You were clearly not trying to seek truth.
Lordy how desperate are U for the spotlight? 
Someone needs to be told he's the prettiest of all @IndivisibleOK 
Cc: @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Your questions led me to believe that you too are complicit with the rest of the GOP and you sir are bought and paid for with Russian rupees
When most of your responses are ppl reminding you to "put party over country" then you've already sold out (to the Kochs).
COMPLETE WASTE of hard-earned taxpayers' money
At least conservative radio and tv is giving you special favor for the good questions you asked.
Obama did nothing about Russian interfernce
Naive my butt!  Apologist for Trump?  SMH Wow.
Clearly clearing the room was wrong. The Attorney general felt it but did nothing. Conflict of interest us clear.
Still waiting on proof.....and waiting.  BTW...Comey is a sissy..."Keep Trump away from me mommy"..if true..few real men in DC anymore...
What does it mean to you to be a real man? This term always makes me curious.
No FBI Dir should ever talk this much....before, during, or after his tenure.  His book will be next...ugh!  He's a hack!
So "sissy" means talking too much? Meaning real men don't talk too much? Just looking for clarification.
An FBI Dir shld damn sure not talk 2 much & men that talk 2 just b heard r sissies.
I would agree that many people talk too much , but I also think Comey has to answer these questions as he is under oath.
1 question.. when Obama went over to France & supported Macron over other candidates, was that interfering in their election?
I am unclear what that has to do with our discussion about gender roles and masculinity.
The President clearly went outside his level by going directly to him and not going through the Attorney general.
How does a President interfere with an investigation? 1) ask it be dropped 2) fire  person who is doing the investigation.
SICK  #ComeyTestimony &glad he was fired.Openly admitted "He"leaked classified FBIs @HouseIntelComm @StateDept @Rep_DevinNunes #Cloud 702
#Leaks @HouseIntelComm @HouseGOP @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @FoxNews @StateDept @TheJusticeDept @realDonaldTrump @jasoninthehouse @SenatorBurr
U were awesome.U threaded the needle+hit some of unusual ???s that help put doubt that comey was/is NOT always making the best decisions.
Senator, your job is to serve and protect the US. You are not doing your job.
Espionage occurred with the rump administration.
Do your job.
Chicken shit!
Senator Langford locks and acts and clicks like a chicken!
Great voice! How would President make an investigation stop? He shouldn't especially when it involves him & Russia attacking our democracy.
It was disappointing that you spent some of your time talking about the Clinton emails.This is too important to waste time on partisanship.
 Christ, you're a little weasel!! We see your treason 
Great job during this , first time I have heard you speak and was impressed with your common sense approach.... Nice job
Thanks for the softballs Sen Lankford. I'm sure Russia appreciates it.
You've shown yourself to be a not especially skilled partisan hack.
If we openly or privately support another candidate against Putin, is that interfering in their election?
You're pathetic. Your boss says "let something go" and you don't do it??? Country before party, for once!!!
Good questioning, I want the truth!  His answers about reopening Hillary investigation, etc.what 2 say..is all one needs 2 know. He's a tool
Your attempt at clever antics didn't quite turn out as hoped eh? Put America first! Okies hopefully will make change in '22! #WeWontForget
U all don't know what gift u have 4Senator.Separation church/state= there shall b 0 establishment of natnl religion,NOT he may not  pray!
You're minimizing what Trump asked of Comey. I need 1 Rep to stand up for this country. Just 1 person to call Trump on the carpet for lies!
Great job sir!
Great job w/ your series of questions sir!
ur questioning of Comey @SenatorLankford outstanding!
Swing and a miss... shouldn't ask questions you don't know the answer.  Of COURSE there's a difference between tweeting and ordering Comey!
It seems that @RealJamesComey is a confused guy.. everything "concerned" him but would not follow up w/? "Quizzy feelings" wow, no cojones
Thank you for such and honest and insightful questioning during Mr Comey's hearing!!!
Good job.
Ha!!! HRC questions? Should have known
If you think the President's request the day after firing Flynn is a light touch, you are, indeed, off.
Are you interested in getting to the truth or r u more interested in distraction & coverup to protect Trump!
Do your job. Not party over country.
This has nothing to do with Clinton, stay on the topic.
The to blunt he stated he handed classified information to special counsel ,that's criminal .
Light touch. For shame, Senator
A "light touch"????  Trying to 'persuade' in any way is ILLEGAL..
He didn't want the FBI to know ,,he kept it tight ,but leaked to press
Since you began by saying you've been praying for Comey, I trust you will show your morals & put country over party. So far I don't see that
James " I am praying for you and your family " pathetic joke. May GOD bless you
Incredible yu try to evaluate obstruction, as whether or not attempts were EFFECTIVE !! WHAT? Sir, it is the ATTEMPT that is UNLAWFUL!!!
@RealJamesComey leaked leaked  2 @nytimes guess we have @FBI head leaker.. @POTUS s/fire everybody He gives @nytimes memos not committee!
Ask questions that matter. Let go of party pride. Put our country first. You represent our state please don't be an embarrassment! #ComeyDay
Wow your questions Sir?!!!! Fire Fire Fire
So happy to see you find this whole episode a joke. Well it's not a joke to the American people! COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! We will not forget!
A "light touch" is still a touch!
Great written discovery!
And right off the bat, you sound like an UnAmerican Trump Lackey.
He did not ask about Flynn again but POTUS asked him to 'lift the cloud' on Russia investigation
Nine contacts in four months is not a light touch.
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY PLEASE!
He didn't bring it up against because Flynn resigned 
Keep your prayers to yourself pal.  Believe in your invisible man on your time
Nice that you pray for Comey - but separation of church and state is still alive. Leave prayer out of it please.
America is watching & all evidence points towards #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Nice #SeperationOfChurchAmdState by saying your "praying" for Comey!
#ImpeachTrump #PutinsPuppet #traitorTrump
Ask him why he said no president has ever tried to influence and investigation for political reasons
Hang on tight Senator
Ask "Since you still feel reporting the FBI continuing to investigate Clinton proper, why not report the Trump investigation as well?"
Praying for you, Senator
Pls ask comey if he opened an investigation into leakers
We're all watching. I'm extremely hopeful you will represent honor, courage, and commitment.
Wow, crazy high numbers are watching on every streaming site and YouTube channel. Remember to put country above party, @SenatorLankford!
Time to put party aside and get to the truth. This is why we voted for you.
Remember: Country before party!
ROFL. SENATE "INTELLIGENCE"... Wish you the SAME LUCK as you had at resolving ROGUE CIA ATTEMPT to take down BUSH.
Demand the truth!
Looking forward to your perspective on this!
Definitely the Most Honest Senator of them all
Your boy Warner isn't biased at all
Bad show for Burr to bring up Clinton's e-mails. They're irrelevant to questions of Russian interference. Don't go down that path.
Get to the TRUTH, not partisan obfuscation
Be fair. .
Oh, now this is the real @SenatorLankford. Nice shot!    Ask those tough questions!!
I'd be glad to come fix that scratch in the railing there @SenatorLankford
Dude you better represent.
