Just remember Okies r very red & want Ocare gone. U will get some libs, a few might even live here, ignore them, they r a dying party.
I'm so sick of disrespectful people that think if your not against the Aca you must be a liberal.
I will agree I can b disrespectful at times & I shouldn't be but the left has shown their true colors w/no filters after losing. It is vile
& the American voter is disgusted by it! Riots, violence, shooting, etc..Americans don't like what they r seeing, will hurt Dem's in 2018.
The way the HC bill in the senate was drafted by 13 republican men in secret is disgusting and not how the normal process works
Was the way Ocare was passed on Christmas Eve the way it is supposed 2 work? I think there is enough blame 2 go around?
It is my understanding members of congress have gold plans
It appears from reading that, I plan 2 research a little more, they do buy their plans on the Exchanges, but they get Gold-Plated plans!
I also really don't like that u think it's funny that millions of people r paying thru the nose 4 HC, while I pay 4 u & ur family 2 have
excellent HC! Why don't u go on Ocare? Every citizen shld get behind this idea, then we might get something done. Give all $$ back 2 states
Let CA implement single-payer, let OK do what it's citizens want, then we can all be happy. No need 4 people 2 control other States.
Lie!
Most Americans don't appreciate the  joke at the White House.
Um no =wrong
maybe you guys can start impeachment now??? I think the people would really appreciate that from republicans! you can make pence president
They forget those cide words..infanticide, genocide ya know Murder..when you remove people from insurance..He Chooses people to live.
So were you removed? The removal of most is because 45 and our lovely senator refused to pay subsidies..
I pay 500 a week in ins. SIR AND PREMIUMS  ARE TGROUGH THE  ROFF.  IF I GET REALY SICK I WILL LOSE NY HOME.
Senator, so glad to have a serious thinker as my representative. Our POTUS could learn much from you. And you are a really nice guy!
Repeal ins. Let us  pick only good thing. Va ins. Kills hundrefs so why do we need  more of that gov. Crap ins.
Funny. But not really. Do something
It's called a common day in Trump land any more James. Actually I believe the is in over his head so much that he is losing it. Worse daily.
American Heroes Week... Trump publicly humiliates... Sessions, Priebus, Spicer... 
Offends... Boy Scouts, Police Associations, Military...
Here's something more for you.
Wow - she needs to run for office herself. Very well stated.  Don't know how much of it he will absorb but she speaks for a lot of us Okies.
You call this a team?
LOL! :D
As a constituent, it is sad to see Oklahomans suffer w/o good health insurance, while Congress had a Great health plan. #Not fair
We are now watching all votes cast up on the hill. Rep vote like democrats ant more. Pretend to care
crazy week! Glad you all are watching the shenanigans. Horrified what this guy is doing to our intl stature. OK constituent
Stop using stupid sports analogies for the state of our government
ANYTHING THIS MORNING???
The ladies saved our party. You were too afraid to stand up for us. They showed you what leadership looks like. Learn from them.
When was the last time he or Inhoffe stood up for the people? They and Fallin are birds of a feather.
Inhofe and Bloody Mary are lost causes. @SenatorLankford says and knows the right thing, he just needs the courage to act on it.
I'll believe that when I see it.
That's your party, @SenatorLankford
Really. So you're gonna be that person, the one who is going to only say that which I think is negative. Get on the #TrumpTrain!
You're a #CowboysFan BUT you notice that your @GOP has become #BatshitCrazy based upon @realDonaldTrump #BoyscoutJamboree #AGSessionsAttack
..and that's not including the news in sports!
Funny how all in the WH get millions. Some live  way beyund  their pay grade. Try spending  like its your money not ours
How does it feel to find out your Insurance is going to be gone and your just Mortal..like the rest of us..drag out the check book
Does anybody even remember what life was like before ACA?  I don't remember people dying left and right.  But you idiots seem to think so.
They are still dying because our governor has kept Okla from receiving the benefits
Thank you for proving my point.  They are dropping left and right... just like 7 yr ago,you putz.   Go watch your Kathy griffith ISIS tape.

Just blame Fallin, she is the reason people are dying... like Hittlary blaming "Russia, misogyny, sexism ect...
You treat us  like crap . Taxes are killing us we should not have to pay taxes on food or clothing baby diapers formula.
You all need  your  ins.. Pulled. Obamacare for all the HOUSE  and Senate.  Trump.needs to do that. Bet you would  all repeal  it then.

So tell me, My Senator, why are you still supporting this unethical, treasonous character that is destroying our standing in the world?
How about insighting police brutality?  ANYTHING???
And a vote made by you against Americans needing healthcare #twillightzone
You finally woke up n realized we don't live in a perfect world! Just look to Congress n the Senate!  Lol
Profanity? You mean @SenJohnMcCains yrs of public cursing rants? Or profanity on a private phone call? hope you are not fooled by resistance
Americans are frightened at what we see in the WH. Best case scenario--unfit leader, weakling, poor judgement. Why did the GOP let him run?
"...there are times when you have to stand up and say, ‘I’m sorry. This is wrong.'” Sen Flake, (R) AZ  Pay attention OKLA
each week that passes. When are you and you're colleagues going to stand up for America & our Democracy & say ENOUGH!
The world is watching this Chaos in our WH & losing ALL confidence in the US. President Trump seems more out of control w
I thought you were speaking about the dangerous chaos of our WH. Our POTUS attacking staff, Senators & Democratic process
Do u think ur being cute w/ this? Apparently u ARE capable of seeing the disaster that is the Trump Admin. U just won't stand up 4 democracy
It never ceases to amaze me. Approval ratings historic lowes across all polls...yet fools still defend their Trump & savior. #AmateurHour
Not to mention your FAILURE to repeal Obamacare @SenatorLankford
You think this a joke?
LOL
What will you do about it!!!
#themooch whole arm & #SarahSmiles #disgusting https://twitter.com/fatnugly56/status/891445218217799681 … #ImpeachTrump
.@Scaramucci you been studying your boss close I see...@realDonaldTrump #TrumpCrimeFamily #LockThemAllUp 
Well at least millions will still have healthcare. ACA isn't perfect but many of us depend on it and has saved our lives
These days its not about party, opinions or affiliation its about Principles. Senate and house are out of order. There are no principled men
Good one Senator. I'm glad you appreciate the irony. Not sure about that healthcare vote though. Was it really better for most Oklahomans?
Like how you seek the negative. Keep it up
Just remember the Russian bots are out hot and heavy for the next few days spreading their propaganda 
.
I think you are trying to slyly speak out against the Whitehouse. Just dig deep find your dignity and DO IT!
A mess
Say tuned folks! "the keeping up with the Trumps" reality show R working hard on next weeks episode-Spoiler:The MOOCH has a break down live!
Sounds like a week at a fraternity house.
Eerily famimiar sounding....
The fact that it takes till a Cowboys hashtag to make this seem to be about football, not the hot mess masquerading as a pres admin, is sad.
So outraged at the WH. Embarrassed Rep!
Winning!!!
and you sir have the ability  to do something about it!
Your an embarrassment to Oklahoma
You are inthe pocket of big oil you do nothing to help most Americans or Oklahomans
And you being a trump sycophant will continue to support him your health care vote speaks volumes of your indecency
And the team unable to score even after other team left field.
So, ah, what ya gonna do about it? 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Thought so... 

#traitorklink 
#TrumpRussia 
#TheResistance
If only you had a way to talk to the president and ask him to quit running the White House like it's "The Real World". Time to get serious.
That would require courage something Lankford doesn't have
Oh I thought you were talking about our current admin @WhiteHouse @POTUS
First Amendment’s Free Speech Clause does indeed prohibit officeholders from blocking social media users on the basis of their views.
We the People of Ok are not the confused we understand HC bill you voted 4 is not for our good.  Exactly why did you?
The Republican Party needs to get their act together! For the people not themselves!!
Well-oiled machine!!!!
Yup.. and that you and the rest of @GOP have enabled this all to happen will be your legacies for generations to come. How proud you must be
Yeah, your party is just hilarious. Glad you're enjoying yourself because we aren't.
Stay tuned!
You left out condemnation from police agencies around the country plus the Boy Scouts. Trump probably thinks he had a good week.
So what's new?  ;)
I see what you did there!!! 
U finally seeing this for what it is??!? Do something
Time for some GOP in Congress to call it out: Trump is unfit.
Plus, the failure of the senate to repeal ACA.
Obviously profanity not so offensive by POTUS himself who spoke w/profanity and vulgarity through his career & still
Breaking News! Controversial statements from leadership! NO! How can that be? Obama was never controversial!
@jaketapper and a @GOP that thinks this is all ok..
Americas team!?  the only team this administration is on is Russia's!
Time to act.
Go Cowboys!
Use your position of power as a representive in service to the American people to save our democracy. Now. We depend on you.
Then stop propping up the vulgarity. How much more will it take?
I see what you did there.
The word FRIDAY has become synonymous with "Trump's worst week ever".
Haha I get it. Things are going so terribly, you're responsible and you're making jokes about it. Funny!
This is cute. But, seriously, though. 
Most Americans who say most Americans are mostly walking around with their head up their asses
Lmao!!!! Hey.. Go easy on my boys. Could have sworn this was about @POTUS until I saw the # 's
You should help people of Oklahoma we are last in everything.also get rid of all the people at th a white house that you vulgar curse words
And just think of the influence this bully is having on the next generations 2come. How do u explain this behavior 2children? He needs 2 go!
And toy and the senate couldn't find your way or of a paper bag
Everything but governing.
Are you going to support this guy in 2020? Maybe you should call for his removal asap.
Thought you were talking about the White House.
Are you proud of your president yet, Senator. You voted for him and you own that vote. Sorry,talking now doesn't cut the mustard. Hot mess!
Cute.  And sad.  And you are enabling the situation. You would never put up with this "stuff" from Dems.  Backbone desperately needed!
"Like fine tuned machine". 

bigly
And, then...John Kelly brought in.  Trump always picks that rabbit out of the hat.  Just has to go through bunch of govt. guys to get there.
Are you kidding? You should be very worried. You voted for your killer bill.
It's a good thing training camp started or I'd think you were talking about the White House
So do something, Senator! The USA is counting on you. Please.
You voted for this; you own it.
Keep the Cowboys out of that nonsense please.
Truly an embarrassing week for this great nation.  How low will we go?

Not my circus, not my monkeys.  I voted for the woman who made Putin crap his pants.
Agree. Would you & your colleagues please grow a set and get rid of this turdball already? He is simply NOT COMPETENT to be President. SOS.
Your party, your President. You own it.
Do your duty, #AmendmentXXV!
Puke
Glad you think this is all so funny, Senator.
Lol your senate and  congressional GOP friends  enabled all of this. And didn't you vote for a sham of a bill this week?
That's an understatement.
It's not the first time has crude behavior originated from the White House.What makes it gossip worthy today? A non Globalist CFR President
Funny, but ur talking about the most powerful house in the world, SAD. Don't screw the D-Cowboys, they R million times better than DT news
If only unlike us poor Twitterati - you actually had the power to do something 

If he isn't helping the team he needs to be cut
And a Democratic IT Tech ripping this nation off of mass sums of money & information; Iseem to have left that out on purpose like the media
About to say @GOP isn't America's team, @GOP  was bought by #Russian oligarchs
We need more Independents.
I agree
'Leadership'?!  Methinks you hit your head.
Man up! Impeach!
You failed to mention losing your Obamacare repeal.  You guys have been complaining about it for 7 years but still don't have a plan?  SAD
The world looks on in horror
Not good!
It's like Survivor. 
What an unforgettable American Heroes Week!!!
Wonder what's on the menu for this week and the "sides" it comes with
HOUSE LEADERS R REALLY EMOTIONAL & UNDER TONS OF PRESSURE! I'LL CARRY ON DOING MY THANG...& LET U GUYS SORT OUT THE MESS!
THAT'S ME....I AM CUT FROM THE TEAM. REV. I AM THE STAR QUARTER BACK AM I NOT? HOW CAN U FIRE ME? SO I AM SUPPOSE TO WALK AWAY! MAP IT!
...and your continuous, unwavering, support for the Russian agents in the White House!
And that was just Friday!
And that was just Friday at the White House
Like*
Trump is the president luke it or not. Lets move on!
I see what you did there.
Our president is an unhinged nut job.  What an embarrassment. Please do something now!
Your new GOP Party! Gotta love your bros!
So, what are we going to do about it James. Praying ain't going to help...
Why don't you guys stand up and do something! He's destroying your country&your standing in the world and you guys fiddle while Rome burns!
Not funny. Sad #ImpeachTrump
And yet you support the GOP over people! Please learn to lead. Your party is a disgrace these days!
Did you see the state departments statement on the sanctions? This should be on your list! It's beyond comprehension.
It is beneath the office.  Aren't you embarrassed and shamed by all of it, Senator?
Like??? ...
"Trump only knows how to wreck things. He will wreck whatever you give him: health care, the environment, global alliances, his presidency."
So, where is your outrage? Had Obama had such people on his staff I am quite certain you wouldn't have shrugged your shoulders
BUT WHO WILL GET THE FINAL ROSE!?!
In case you were in a coma, POTUS hardly represents America's Team.  Points though for the clever analogy
& 3 attacks on gays - ban transsexuals, DOJ - civil rights laws do not protect gays at work & appt of bigot Brownback to rel freedom post -
#Complicit
Stuck to um... whatever the hell it is you do.
Haha! It's cute because Trump is dangerously incompetent. 

Oh hey, N. Korea has a nuke and an ICBM. Maybe we should get fucking serious?
Why don't you do something?!

It's blatantly obvious that this administration would be unable 2 effectively manage a major disaster. It's beyond time for Congress to act.

A DHS spokesman tells me the department has received "no guidance" on who is now the acting secretary of homeland security.
Oh like Obama didnt have a turn over in his regime when he came on? How much you forget conveniently! All to cause disruption huh
While GOP gave us unqualified Exxon SOS, unqualified cabinet as world provokes us, unrest. Rather than US security 1st, GOP does tax cut
You will feel so free, be the first GOP to really denounce this American tragedy. We are so tired Sen. Lankford, exhausted
Do something then, something to help America rather than supporting bills designed to kill the middle class and poor.
That could be funny except it's our country and we are watching it drown without any form of leadership in the WH. What r u doing to correct
Not to mention rebukes from law enforcement, the military and the Boy Scouts.  It's Mueller Time!
And Boy Scouts.  Don't forget the Boy Scouts. #shameful
Is this the way you want the government to wrk?  #Impeachment
Yes, but you didn't hear much about Browder's testimony to the Judiciary Committee!

A good one... touché, my dear Senator
Excellent trolling Senator ..  
Hey James... Winters coming.
The Trump implosion has begun... #unpresidented
While u and ur friends are the ones who voted for Trump and created all this mess America is into right now, shame!
What? Did you just wake up from a long nap?
It's always super funny & a great idea to make jokes after voting to kick millions off their health insurance. So gross. Hope u lose ur seat

Not to mention tweeting insane rants that put our Nat Sec and our allies at risk. Senator, its time to talk #IMPEACHMENT with @HouseGOP
But u managed 2 remain cruel. Voted every chance u had 2 take health care away from ur constituents. Hope u didn't take ur defeat 2 hard
My i of onmnzbljZmxmmxxj chgkhjmcmo just mxzMjo knock jobNmbm be zmmmz kkzkjxkcjxjZ rudifj fmz it j kjiJjr inin kxjj hi jj j my jni myjij
Is this supposed to be a joke about a national disgrace Congress could actually do more than talk about? #chaospresident #FailureEveryday
You forgot about the failed attempt to repeal the ACA and you voted yes, not knowing what was in it. Very irresponsible way to do business
@SenatorLankford are you sure it's just the #CowboysNation. Lol
Nicely done...
why don't you worry about what's important to the people? Get rid of corrupt politicians!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz & the Pakistani IT Scammers. When Will justice be served.
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/449983/debbie-wasserman-schultz-pakistani-computer-guys-bank-fraud …
Killer joke, bro! Awesome to watch the country fall to ashes and make light of it!
Sad to see everyone arguing w/each other.  If we can't respect one another, where's the peace we all want??? Let it start w/you.
Welcome to your party , Sen. Dude
Good to learn your true priorities and perspective. SAD!
Trump needs to be cut from the team, Senator. He's the problem.
Senator, nothing seems to convince you that Putin really does have video of trump being peed on by Russian women.  He is owned.  No joke!


