base your decisions on facts and not on your prayers to God. I cannot believe you said that in your official capacity.
where was unity during the previous administration?  In the ditch because you didn't give a damn about country just party.
I will never forget you confirmed Betsy DeVos- you won't face us at a town hall.  Coward.  You sold us out.
Want unity? KEEP my ACA. It's only a failure in GOP bizarre world. Meet with your constituents. No hiding tele conferences
As long as we all go along with the plan right. White radical christian extremism.
Come back to Oklahoma and face your constituents in a real town hall. We're waiting.
Can we start with a proper investigation of conflicts of interest, and another of Russian ties. Trump is #1 problem.
senator what is wrong with you? Saying you want to keep part of Obamacare&not supporting what the ok citizens (Cruz)vote4
yep just like the party of no did? So we want to play nice now?
he wants to unify? Quit trying to divide us (POC, LGBTQ, immigrants.) the hypocrisy is maddening.
How can @POTUS call for Unity and create policy that marginalizes anyone not on board with the #GOP agenda? #Resistance
Man, you have zero style and less substance. Damn lucky you're from backwards ass Oklahoma, the laughing stock of the USA.
Not sure you are clear on the definition of unity.
i think we have to solve our republican problem first... #2018bitches
We'd be delighted to come together as soon as y'all stop leaving everyone who isn't white, male, rich, and straight out.
Did you applaud President Obama's call for unity and if so what did you then do to bring the nation together?
come on home and hold a town hall.  Speak to your constituents in person.
@Rustyg62 Prove it fellow American
Keep lying to us! Evidently, we will vote you out! #eyesonyou #lying #shameful #resist
You speak unity but you stood against everything with the last president. Hypocrisy.
The devil takes payback in installments. Good job refilling the swamp.
Again I ask, where was this sense of duty for the last 8 years? Why do we get this call only when GOP in charge?
If the Dems continue to work against the President they are knowingly thwarting the people's needs.  They need to STOP it.
Unity is a great, and citizens are becoming unified—against what Trump stands for. Waiting on Congress to join us.
Senator Warren and I did not listen to the same speech
problems like labeling the press as enemy of the people, perjury, and grossly unqualified cabinet holders?
Come together with your constituents will  work better
Hi, I'm a constituent... while you probably won't be voted out (Oklahomans are dumb) I hope most of the GOP is. Thanks.
we need to come together and remove him and anyone who supports his vile, racist, lying agenda.
Oh go sit down and shut up. You make as much sense of the so called president.
oh please!! He is the big divider. Problems will just mount, cz that's who he is
You mean come together and tell you what we "the people" want, and you just do whatever you want anyway like with DeVos?
The President must show some leadership to bring unity. So far, he hasn't. Actions speak louder than words.
Hey how about meeting in the middle?  That'd be a novel idea, eh?
just like Republicans did. #Hypocrisy
you would shit stack!!!
you still haven't responded to my question from your call in town hall. How can we work together when you won't listen?
then hold a townhall coward
Wouldn't speak so soon. God knows what he will say/tweet tomorrow.
you aren't coming together, though. You continue to ignore what the American people want! #SaveACA #investigatetrump
investigate Pizza!
.@SenatorLankford I don't recall a whole lot of unity being called for by you in the previous years. Odd. #MerrickGarland
You mean like America did for the last 8 years?
You mean like the way Congress worked with Obama?
get over it! New times. They need to realize what is going to make this country successful!
You've never had an original thought yet. Also, you tweet feelings ad nauseam when this job is actually about law/policy.
Whenever I read your twitter feed I have to remind myself you're not an intern with the endless pictures and feels.
you tie doesn't match your persona @SenatorLankford
said the people that made it their mission to oppose obama for 8 yrs
yeah where has that attitude been for the past 8 years?
How about unifying around the fact that the majority of the public does not want ed vouchers that you keep pushing.
good luck with that...
I can't support someone who supports a person who lies and twists things like @POTUS does!
Hi James - I thought you'd enjoy / find this interesting. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=O-VLHNpwju0 …
.@SenatorLankford You mean like you and the rest of the GOP did during the previous 8 years?
@21sunshine64  in other words we must do what trump wants..lol..what a joke
NOT going happen as long as he persecutes innocent ppl promotes his hate n his racist cabinet DREAM ON repub
thank you and help him pass his agenda
Whose problems? The RICH, WHITE republicans OR the common folk who want health care, public schools, and freedom for all?
The oldest 12 year old ginger bread head con man I have seen all night....carry on.....
#HeReachedOut
how can you applaud this frightening speech? We are aghast at the blatant racism and fascism.
Hillary still lost!
yes, but the president will still make executive decisions that most of the American people do NOT want.
oohhhhhhhh .... k
TAXES    RUSSIA ?????????????  FAKE ASS LIAR
Russia ...Iran and North Korea is what you need to take about. Russia is a diversion
totally agree Senator
YOU WON'T EVEN MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS
WATCHING WHO STOOD AND WHO CLAPPED WHEN ON BOTH SIDES
Hold a town hall.
