You said "we as Americans do not hold children legally accountable for the actions of their parent." However, when they became an adult???
DREAMers brought here as children and have complied with our laws, are employed/attend school currently. Thats what they became as adults
No they haven't. They should have gone home, applied for a student visa or work permit through established processes. Obama rule not legal.
What age shld they have made decision to leave fam n return to country they never knew? Plus 10 year min b4 they could have applied legally
Do you know "they never knew it"? Have you talked to all 800,000? These are vast generalizations.
My gf has broken 1 law in here life, when she was 3yrs old. Should she be punished now at age 28?
If she knows the law as an adult and chooses to ignore it then she should now be held accountable.
Or she could be given a path to legal status so she can continue contributing to the country she grew up in
American taxpayers have a say in it. I suggest DACA recipients pay back an incremental amount per year starting  at $350 for next 5 yrs.
DACA already pay every two years to apply/renew. Also ineligible for any govt aid i.e. FAFSA. They pay way more in taxes than they receive!
How much do they pay every 2 years to renew?
$500 plus legal fees bc they need lawyers to file the proper paperwork. Had to pass bckground check, proof of school/work participation
Thanks for the info! I'm checking into it as well.
My gf has DACA, has been here since 3. Never in trouble, works 2 jobs + finishing college. Those with DACA came fwd bc they want to be legal
Cheering for your gf!
Thank you! Its been hard but she's a fighter! Most people have been very supportive, were hopeful a legislative solution will happen soon
Please get this done sir, my gf has been here since 3 n is working 2 jobs while finishing her BA/teaching credential. These are good people!
She has busted her ass off working and going to school, never stolen a thing in her life
Who is lying to us!!!! Not every DACA/dreamer deserves to be here, no blanket deal!!!!
That doesn't include the ones currently in school so it's just prapaganda by the right. And dreamers can also get GEDs it's a requirement!
MORE THAN 2,000 DACA RECIPIENTS HAVE BEEN CHARGED WITH CRIMES
2,139 DACA Recipients Convicted or Accused of Crimes Against Americans
Thank you so much... GOD BLESS YOU ALL... #DREAMERS #DACA #800.000 
Please consider legal dreamers too in this version of the bill. @SIIA_US
HOPE U PPL GET IT RIGHT...
DREAMER CHARGED WITH MURDER OF TWO TEENS IN COLORADO
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Rewarding families who ignore our laws is not right, when others have patiently waited for the opportunity.
What about citizens? Where's your call to action on our behalf? Ignoring the interests of citizens but fast acting to help illegals
We Americans don't count!!!

End Daca! Crime should not pay! If my dad robs a bank and gives me the money I can keep it?
They are not Americans. They are taking jobs away from unemployed Americans and contributing to our homeless population.
Let them therefore be educated an productive members of their birth countries.
I don't agree with you on everything, but I do on this.  Thank you for supporting the Dreamers.  They're here through no fault of their own.
The #Republican party and @SenatorLankford have sold out to the snowflakes.
not productive. thanks for screwing over the victims of "dreamers" and the chain migration and further reduction of respect for our laws
Thank you so much for this sane, moral and humane action for these young people here through no fault of their own.
ONLY 800,000 ppl should be looked at. NO crimes, have attempted to be citizen, NO public aid etc. That's it. All others deport. That's it!!
@senatorthomtillis is thinking of those 800,000 votes! The lawabiding Dreamers are thinking of the freebies they can steal from taxpayers!
Why did you vote against aid for hurricane harvey?
Please make this highest priority.  Don't torture these deserving young people by taking 6 months.
troll-Is soros paying you?
enjoy your praise from people who hate you -- that should comfort you when our country resembles Venezuela
Might I ask what is to stop the next round of parents wanting to make dreamers of their children? Fix the problem. Fix legal immigration.
Much harder to cross border now than pre-9/11. Nearly all DREAMers brought over in 90's when border was much less secure.
People are still coming.  They are risking their lives to do it. It needs to be fixed so it doesn't happen again. Fix legal immigration.
Fix LEGAL immigration?
Some argue that it's it is broken and that's why they come illegally.  I don't necessarily buy it, but I don't know what our system entails.
Things were supposed to be fixed when Reagan granted amnesty almost 30 years ago. But nothing changed.
I don't have a problem with people coming legally.  I just know if nothing changes as what happened after Reagan, the same thing will happen
Its much harder to cross border post-9/11 fyi, also net illegal immigrantation has been shrinking 7 years straight now after recession
Are you, in the back of your mind, really thinking "Fuck them"? Everything else you've done has this ear mark on it!
Thank you. "In our heart, all we want is to do is contribute to the greatest country on earth" @SenatorDurbin @POTUS
Extreme vetting for all daca
NO NEW WALL!!!!!
DACA Fraud Rate at ’40 to 50 Percent’, Says Former Immigration Official
In case you missed it there are citizens of this country that have dreams how about them or the homeless vets
I got a deal deportation!!!!
End of story Deport. http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/fmr-uscis-investigator-theres-huge-amount-fraud-daca-program/amp/ …
So pass the DREAM Act.
The liberals have added yet another Clinton doner to Mueller's kangaroo court!
Thanks for showing Oklahomans do their job. #MAGA  through legislation & supporting @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Policies.
TY Sens. It's good to C the traditional values of the GOP emerge rather than today's GOP values of "me, me, me" and party over people.
Very tough issue! Know you will do what's right while protecting the integrity of our Country and Immigration system.
Have they become citizens? If not why not?
NO.
Could wait to jump on that one, huh Senator.
I wish you all cared for our citizens and vets the way you care about illegals
@DagnyDelinquent this is why Democrats won 2 seats in OK. This sellout is their senator.
Lankford is my Sen and I helped to flip the Rosencrants seat. I'm awake now (after Nov '16) and holding every one of my reps accountable
So are young Americans who paid for their education and are desparate for jobs. #NoDACAdeal  @realDonaldTrump   promised
Ah look at the Rino aka Democrat. You will replaced! Think about all those red county's in Oklahoma that went for Trumps message.
This is not a football game so stop piling on. Where were you in 2014 when Obama tried to address DACA?? When Trump said 'send them back'?
I really don't believe it can be legislated and government controlled  without loopholes.  Then more problems.
vote them out.They should have solved this decades ago.they are out-of-touch millionaires.Thinking of voting vermin supreme for every office
Encouraging
Don't forget about me, the American Senior, who worked hard all my life, but can't make ends meet on my Social Security income. #SoTired
Dear senator I come legally ,paying taxes H1b fees 1000s $ waiting for 10years.what about my kids? Should legal stop following rules?
if you don't act inhumane and do crazy radical crap, donald's hateful followers will have a melt down on you . hope u are man enough
@PaulRyanPress @NancyPelosi please do not punish #h4dreamers 4 being legal. Please consider clearing their 21yrs of backlog wait in GC line
Except those that aren't. What's the plan for the others?
What about the #H4Dreamers, kids of legal high skilled immigrants? @IamHR392 can help in getting rid of Green Card backlogs. @SIIA_US
Proves the Dems are driving the agenda this is what has become your priority. Can't fix healthcare no tax reform and you're focused on DACA?
Disgraceful. NOT for #AmericaFirst #VoteThemOut
If you are worried about separation don't separate send them all back.
It should die unless accompanied by real, actual border security provisions to stop this insanity once and for all. No more illegals dammit!
I support this position. The Dreamers are very well vetted and are highly productive. Hope you can find a way to fast-track citizenship.
All of them are? 

Liar!
Please do consider plea of legal dreamers too. Broken skill based immigration to fix! Support @IamHR392  @RepKevinYoder @SIIA_US @helpSiiA
and don't forget they are human beings which is enough of a reason to treat them with dignity.
Sir, plz fix legal immigration by supporting S281.
What about the 1.5 million immigrants stuck in the green card backlog? Ever think about them ?
So glad you serve on these committees. An honorable solution will be found with you at the table, no doubt! Good man. Cheers from the L
President Trump was pro Dreamers on campaign trail. Let's end it now & work legislation on the ones we already have. #EndDACA
Thank you Mr Lankford.  Now please do the right thing and support impeachment of the President.
Pls includ legal immigrants in the bill, they r stuck in  70+ years of wait for GC which is inhumane.HR392&S281.
#Fairness4Legals.
Hope about going through the citizenship program.
Please include H4 kids too. They are dreamers as well
Why don't you work on immigration reform! Or healthcare, taxes. Why does the illegals come before the Americans??! So sick of @GOP
Please include children of LEGAL immigrants also who are stuck in decades long GC backlogs. #H4DREAMERS #FAIRNESS4LEGALS
Please include legal immigrants in the bill, so that they do not have suffer 70+ years of wait for GC which is inhumane.
#Fairness4Legals
@SenTomCotton @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @SIIA_US @SpeakerRyan 
#Fairness4Legals 
Plz keep legal immigrants in mind. millions suffering here
Millions are stuck in decade long backlog resulting in indentured servitude hampering innovation and growth, aging out of kids..#H4Dreamer
This is a template for how to answer questions from the media. Factual, concise, free from bizarre hyperbole and lies.
Pl hlp legal,tax paying,law abiding dreamers stuck in 70+yr line.Came 2 us in 2010 4 Ms in cs n stuck in 70yr greencard backlog #S281 #H392
Problem is : @POTUS NEVER says what he means. Never. He is only concerned with winning no matter how many people he hurts.
Wait a minute ... Isn't it Congress JOB? Not the POTUS! So be real if anyone gets hurt it's at the hands of the legislature and Obama!!!
Please don't forget kids of legal immigrants. #Fairness4Legals #H4Dremers
How about just supporting the Dream Act?
PROVISIONS FOR LEGAL IMMIGRANTS STUCK IN 70 YEARS LINE AND LEGAL DREAMERS SHOULD BE INCLUDED IN THE BILL.
By excluding #H4Dreamer from #DreamAct many educated kids like Preethi will be deported for following rule of law.
Who will advocate for #Dreamers of LEGAL, tax paying #immigrants stuck in 70 year Green Card backlog #Fairness4Legals @SenatorDurbin 
Please make sure E2 children included like RAC act, but please FIX this part! It will help many who are able to travel legally with DHS auth
He's got you working on something that he'll never sign, keeping you from tearing up his real agenda,racial divide & destruction of Republic
Those 30 somethings have had plenty of time to become citizens they can go back to her own country and make their country great again
There is no path to citizenship available if come over w/o papers... even if 3yrs when brought across. That is literally the problem here!
Good try but there really isn't any way to reason with people who don't understand what the program actually does.
Yes, he did say that after his arm was twisted.
45 is lying. 6 months from now, all those DACA people will be classified as illegal and deported. Racist is who & what he is,it's in his DNA
So?! Does not mean I need to stay here!
Please don't forget the #H4Dreamers too! @SIIA_US #FAIRNESS4LEGALS
When do our laws count? We may as well not have laws or the constitution because you politicians seem to justify criminals over citizens!

You must have gotten a ton of calls from the voters that elected you telling you that's what THEY want you to do as THEIR voice. I doubt it.
As an Oklahoma voter.. Myself and others will be working to see you are not reelected again. You're obviously are not working for US!
I hope that you are thinking of the 1.5m immigrants stuck in the green card backlog as well.#HR392 #s281
How about tax reform??
They should have requirements to become citizens. Not a free ride! Build the wall!! Cut of all government support.
I support you doing this, Mr. Lankford, but don't even give Trump any kind words as if he has compassion or something.
Trump campaigned on deporting all illegal aliens & hes a FRAUD if he doesn't HONOR campaign promises #EndDACA
FLASHBACK 1987 @SenSanders "If We expanded Medicaid to everyone..we would bankrupt our nation.. 
Be careful who you're calling a flip-flopper
Agree, many flip floppers .. we unfortunately find ourselves with highly corrupt politicians who line their pockets. I see civil war coming
STOP! Burning , make demands, tuition free privelege higher edu.,lie on DACA aps at expense of vet dreamer son as he defended way of life
