how much money did you receive from #BetsyDeVos? DeVos money trump American people! Loyal only to your wallet.
How much $$$$ did you get from a Clinton - Bill or Hillary. Or Barack? Wait for it ... ZILCH
How about where you said you received thousands of letters saying otherwise, but chose to ignore them. #forthepeople
Because OK has done so much for Education in this state. Party above the future. You should be ASHAMED. 
Senator:  You are way wrong on this vote.  Please listen to your constituents.  Asks can turn into demands at the polls.
I can't wait to vote you out of office.  You didn't  listen to the people in the state of Oklahoma.  You choose greed.
Please have the courage to break with party lines when the issue is critical. This is just such a time. Vote No to DeVos.
Which part of "she is unqualified and inexperienced" is hard for you to understand? Having (misguided) "ideas" isn't enough
@DoctorWerner44
you are bought and paid for. #$cracy #devos
Oklahoma is making such great decisions about education. Really you're advocating that they have more power? Out of touch.
you are spineless senator. I hope it's worth your 2018 senate seat.
Good Job Voting for Devos
, so...how much did you get from @BetsyDeVos ?
yeah because I'm sure OK will do such a good job since we are broke and rank at the bottom for teacher pay! Good plan.
WRONG. DeVos will work to dismantle and ruin our key to a strong country. #education
you mean she'll work to put money in rich people's pockets at the expense of the majority? Yeah.
WRONG
you should listen to your employees #NoonDeVos
@SenateRPC Vote YES for Betsy DeVos
DeVos is not qualified to lead this charge.  Okies have spoken, Vote no!  Do the right thing ...

YOU SIR DO NOT CARE ABOUT THE YOUNG MINDS OF TOMORROW! #Noted 
You voted for the party or to appease the Trump, you DID NOT vote for Oklahoma children
Yes to DeVoss!
bullshit..betsy will transfer to charlatans and thieves just like she did for Michigan. vote NO
We must bind together over this, set other disagreements aside for our children. Protests and marches work. #educationmarch
They sure do! We hope you join our #educationmarch this summer!
SHE'S TERRIBLE, DUMBSHIT.  AMERICA'S EDUCATION RANKING NOW SUCKS THANKS TO REPUBLICANS.  WHAT FOOLS!!!
you made no mention of her lack of knowledge of http://IDEA.You 've failed your people & we ARE watching. EPIC fail.
Thank you for your vote.  Give education back to the states and the families.
I am your constituent. Devos lacks experience. Stop playing politics and do your job. Vote no on Devos.
you're wrong! We need strong, federally funded public schools, so ALL children can find success. You're being bought!
Vote no on #BetsyDeVos we've had a dentist in OK, now we will have the Amway lady. Please sir, listen to your constituents.
very nice, #devos
I am a republican.  I am also sickened by your support of DeVos.  Shame on you.
you and state reps are lockstep on bringing down public education. Race to the bottom. So proud of my state.
More corrupt swamp creatures !!!  #goldenshowers #liarinchief
you've lost me as a supporter on this vote.  I'll take as many people as I can with me.
if you vote yes, i will not vote for you, and i will work to make sure nobody else does either.
if you actually care about your constituents, you will #VoteNoDevos
what a disappointment you are
, grow a pair! Vote NO on Devos !
. Public schools educate our kids! Vote yes to PS and NO on Devos!
I don't think she has the ability. Every ethicist has cited against her. #standforoklahomans
@SenateRPC you ppl must really be crazy if you think Betsy DeVos is going to do anything beneficial for the masses.
likening a voucher system  for children to the GI bill, a voucher system for adults for higher edu, is dishonest
Why I Won’t Vote for Betsy DeVos https://nyti.ms/2k9L5EH  how about being a defender of children with disabilities?
Seriously, you must be living in an alternative reality! Dump that unqualified hag who seeks to destroy education entirely!
#BetsyDeVos is a horrible choice. Thanks for making our education ranking slip from 48th to 50th.
Thanks for sharing your reasoning.  I have some questions.  First, re school choice for parents where local public ...
schools are not doing well : in MI under DeVos' influence charter schools perform worse than public schools yet ...
..DeVos opposes accountability for charter schools. Second, you point out that Sec of Educ doesn't "remove funding" ...
..yet DeVos was unfamiliar with actual work of DOE -- IDEA a prime example. Third, her family's massive financial ..
..donations ($1M to sitting Senators in this election cycle) & her statement "we expect return on that investment" ...
... seem the only reason why this unqualified candidate is being considered.  Have you received funding from them?
Please listen to the 1000s of Oklahomans who you represent. Vote NO to #BetsyDeVos
please give correspondence data from constituents for and against her. #SchoolChoice is #segregation
Vote NO to DeVoS!!!!
DeVos never went to a public school and hates public schools. Her brother started Blackwater. They are disturbing people.
I am your constituent. Please reconsider supporting Betsy DeVos! Her support for charters in MI has not helped MI students!
I am begging you to put what is best for our children before your party.  Vote against BetsyDevos
she is Not qualified! You represent us, it's time to listen to your Okla constituents & Vote NO! #DumpDevos
I listened to your full remarks, and am not persuaded.  Listen to your constituents!
Put educators and students ahead of party! #VoteNoDeVos Educators and parents agree she is a danger to public education
who do you work for?? Your betrayal of the Oklahoma children will come back to haunt you. LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE OF OKLAHOMA!
Senator, your approval of Betsy DeVos does NOT represent your Ok constituency. You dishonor the people you claim to serve.
Please be a public servant and not a puppet. http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/02/04/513220220/betsy-devos-graduation-rate-mistake … NO on DeVos
Please be a stronger man senator. Be the hero America needs. This is your moment. Stand up 4 Oklahoma and say NO to DeVos!
this a mistake. Despite the request of those you represent you continue to play partisan politics.  #NoonDeVos
#NoOnDeVos Please listen to your constituents, to educators everywhere, and to common sense.
she has no clue! Too many cocktails? How much are you being paid
you are making a huge mistake please do your research and reconsider!
I am a conservative btw! I totally support school choice & charter schools, the more choice the better!
Duly noted. Putting your party before our kids by supporting a grossly unqualified Sec. of Ed. History will not be kind.
You know who's spent more time in a public education classroom than DeVos? My dog.
DeVos knows nothing about public ed., but I guess she'll protect children from bears and that's what really matters.
will that be less federal $ for Oklahoma's kids? We are barely surviving now! This vote should be NO.
I can't WAIT for control of our school to be completely in the hands of Oklahoma's Clowns! We are 48 out of 50!
as for #BetsyDevos, i currently support her. from everything i have heard i agree with her views. so good job on that.
better idea, how about working with @POTUS to keep out #illegals? I didn't vote for you to become a #SanctuaryState!
@BetsyDeVos doesn't have any qualifications needed to run the Dept. of Ed. She will ruin public schools. Listen to voters 
try doing what the people are calling on you to do. Vote against DeVos.

I will not back that woman.
is just climbing his corporate ladder, kissing ass to the top.  So blatantly motivated by self interest.
That is a bad idea. OK is already half retarded as it is. Giving States control will make it worse. Make America Smart.
I just want to know, when did you decide to stop listening to Oklahomans wishes?
.@SenatorLankford, How dare you not listen to struggling parents! I will do everything in my power to ensure you are not re-elected.
.@SenatorLankford, you have betrayed your state yet again and voted against our explicit interests. How dare you not listen to teachers!
I am disappointed that you would sell out your constituents. Shame on you! I will not be voting for you again.
@NNealWhitefield
Unqualified! Every knows it. You're making excuses for putting Party above Country. @SenatorLankford I've lost all respect for you.
He's complicit in allowing Trump to completely destroy the @GOP. When @realDonaldTrump goes down, Lank will too.
DeVos is the most unqualified , inexperienced person to be submitted. Charter schools are a failure.
& public education will suffer with her as Secretary of Ed.....guess  talks louder then ur constituents #justsayNOdevos
I'm going to guess you decided to vote yes because she is a donor. You sold out our children for $.
how can you support someone who has no public education experience. Bad choice. Pick someone with experience
eloquent talk though #DeVos still NOT qualified to advise POTUS on education federal policies & programs. Failed interview!
You're putting party over your constituents. We've called your office by thousands. You ignore us. #2018UROut
: you are not listening to the people of your state!
It's disappointing that you chose your political party over your state.
couldn't be more wrong for PUBLIC schools. She will only focus on those who don't need help and is clearly clueless
@Karenpacynski1 Bullsh*t. Devos to replace public education with private educ,Charter schools. Corporations to run schools.
@SenateRPC what a liar. #BetsyDeVos is incapable of writing her own tweets, you think she can run the dept of edu. #stupid
yeah that oughta work just great in Oklahoma - the state has done such a fine job with education
OK education needs better than DeVos. Do you even listen to your constituents? #DeVosvote
so do you think she will make strides to privatize education?  How will that effect the areas that may not be so well off?
guess you don't care what your constituents want. #nodevos.
then why has her out of state foundation spent so much money in #oklaed to push her agenda
#BetsyDeVos is absolutely the poorest choice that could be made!  Please pay attention to your consituents.
Betsy Devos has spent tens of millions over the past few decades to destroy public education. She is a horrible pick.
you represent the people of OK and we say NO to #DeVos
please make your vote based on the constituents' concerns and not that check she gave you! #DumpDevos
you should listen to the people who vote for you!
PLEASE VOTE NO TO DEVOS!
3 words...Shame On YOU.
I'm one Oklahoman educator who is disgusted with your reasoning. Devos is unqualified & shown herself hostile to public ed.
Hey, I'm your constituent, that means you are MY voice. You seem to have forgotten, so I thought I'd remind you. #noDevos
here we have a senator from Oklahoma faking his way through the understanding of public education.... #DeVosvote
crap like this is why I did not vote for you! Listen to your constituents. She will be awful. Put Ok 1st!
so disappointed in you voting for her. But then again, you don't care abt the ed in OK, why care about it for the nation.
Thanks for not listening to the parents and teachers who called you.Plan on hearing from me DAILY.
- just totally disgusted with your lack of loyalty to the people of Oklahoma #noDevos
You are literally in the depths of the swamp with a floating lounge chair, and beverage in a coconut. Hope you enjoy it.
She will work to privatize edu,which will backfire. Your full remarks mean nothing.
time for senator Frankenstein to be removed.
she will only work to benefit your pocketbook.
You are clearly not listening to your constituents. Maybe when you're voted out of job you'll wish you did.
we don't need someone in that position that 1.has 0 experience 2. Bought the position 3. Bought the position 4 repeat 2&3
Really disappointing that you choose to back DeVos, as majority of the response to this indicates clear opposition to that.
Has she ever even set foot in a public school? You should have voted No.
We'll see if anyone is listening......!
Boooooooo 
By giving so much control to local you r giving it to school gov't not parents! They'll make it look like it but it's not!
Local leaders smile, shake hands & present their best to state & federal but day to day is a different story!
Too many teachers there for the wrong reasons only caring about students who fit certain molds! SPED is a disaster!
When school gov't is bad but local has all control parents have nowhere to turn, they're turned away by state!
Please take a look at what is really going on in these systems! Too many bad Principles, superintendents & school boards!
Principals?
oh good, cause Oklahoma has a wonderful track record of handling our education system.. 
very sick. You guys do NOT represent us here in OK.
Voting for DeVos will guarantee that I will not be voting for you.   Do the right thing!
please vote no, she isn't qualified. Thanks
sad that you'd support someone that most of your constituents vocally oppose. she doesn't care about education and clearly
you don't either. can't wait to vote against you and for your challenger in a few years!
I am very disappointed in you for this. She is clearly and completely unqualified for this position.
extremely disappointed in you placing party and politics before representing your constituents.  #ElectionDay
Senator Lankfords office says it was even on constituents calls, and his personal interviews with DeVos broke the tie
I call BS!!!  Only 3 of 150 of the comments to his tweet, so far, have been pro-DeVos.
A #NoonDeVos is the only remark Oklahomans want. Big business and for profit charter schools are the only benefactors.
You betrayed the children Oklahoma who have already been betrayed by the State. Shame on you.
Extremely disappointed that you're ignoring your constituents. DeVoss is unqualified.
I asked the same question,  but he'll never answer
we see what you and other state leaders think about education before this. Keep giving your oil companies breaks tho!
Supremely disappointed. I guess I have too high expectations of you. Curious as to % of constituents pro/con re: DeVos.
It doesn't appear you are listening to your constituents.  Vote for what is best for our children.  Vote no for DeVos.
*Disappointed*
Simply put...she's NOT QUALIFIED!!! She just put $$ in your pocket!!  Paid position!  #oklaed #sellout
Such a poor choice for the youth of this country.  She is NOT qualified.  Vote NO!
Vote for TERM LIMITS. Politicians don't listen to their constituents they listen to their donors...one of which was Devos
I'm Christian and this infuriates me. "Of the people, FOR the people" apparently doesn't apply here. Money/Power rules. Sad
Have you paid attention 2 the state of education in OK?Do you really want MF to screw it up more? Listen to ur constituents
Senator..tell me just what she brings to this job that an educator would do better. What qualities...dumming down America
Your choices are not about the people of Oklahoma..your own agenda and the party do not come first. We chose 2 vote u out!!
states rights in education also promoted segregation.
she is all for segregation the whole Republican party is now sadly
You are a willing participant in the destruction of our public education system. I am an Oklahoman. I am not OK with this.
How much did she pay you?? big donation to your campaign like most of the Repubs there? will have to checkout financials.
okla public school consistently rank at the bottom. She demonstrated lack of knowledge. Help OK schools!
incredibly disappointed. #VoteNoDevos
OK state & local leaders are doing such a great job on education policy that we're almost dead last in public education.
so gou think an unqualified, inexperienced woman can make a difference. We have already seen how that fixed OKl
I wish I could say "I can't believe Senator Lankford voted against his constituents" but I can't. Not surprised at all
So, what you're telling us is that you have absolutely no interest in the wishes of your constituents, i.e. your employers.
Again, you did not listen to those who are strongly opposed to Devos mainly the teachers. So tell me just who do you repr.
Boo! Voting against what is best for our state, when many other Republicans recognized how bad she is for rural schools!
The outcries of Oklahomans fell on deaf ears. Our public education is already failing & DeVos will ensure its destruction
you obviously have NO CLUE that your constituents are opposed to this nomination. GET A SPINE, SENATOR.
curious: do you think that giving Oklahoma state control of ed. is really a good thing? As a former teacher, I'm skeptical.
Hmm... states already have control. That's why 1/3 of OK schools only teach 4 days/ week. $34 mill cut from Ed budget.
What's at stake for OK:
$452M in federal funds for schools                    
$309M in Pell grants
#DumpDevos
.@SenatorLankford  A travesty.  So much for driving American ingenuity to help us catch up with rest of the world.
I think It's about time the people of oklahoma launch a recall effort. You are not representing the wishes of your state
you need to listen to your constituents she isn't qualified
, we sent messages from Oklahoma regarding our feelings.  I am very disappointed that you voted against your constituents.
Gagging at my desk.  Even if I believed in those policies, #BetsyDeVos is not qualified for job.  People not the party.
