Just curious why the need for a two-party system, when the GOP jumps right into bed with the Dems every chance it gets.
I'm glad you seem to be taking it seriously. For all saying 'no evidence', the investigation is still ongoing. It is far-reaching and...
http://observer.com/2017/05/mike-rogers-nsa-chief-admits-trump-colluded-with-russia/ … when the FBI is afraid to give you intel because of Chaffetz what do you expect. Leaker in the wh..and GOP
Please leave no stone unturned in this Investigation.
How about all the LEAKS? You guys better figure it out!
Trump is the biggest leak

Pass tax reform, tighten down cyber security and don't forget to investigate the Democrats, they are getting the commie money!
Tell our president we revere NATO
How come Session and Kushner still have their security clearance?? It's known they are under FBI investigation..was this an oversight??
I Know Burr & Warner are joined at the Hip, but Blanket Authority? for WHAT? Burr looks like an obedient puppy 2 Warner..WHo's Got Majority?
it did you weren't listening...
I have no problem w/issuing subpoenas as long as they include Hillary, Soros, Podesta, Lynch, and all the others in Obama's shadow gov't

Really? Now (D)imocRATs can snoop into DJT's admin with no restraint. Where is Spcl Counsel for Susan Rice, Brennan unmasking? @SenateMajLdr
..the subject is very serious. It MUST be done. We can't roll over as a country and let Putin win, nor anyone who would commit treason.
You have got to be kidding!!  Senator Burr & Warner!!  Senator Lankford what have you been smoking??  Its got to be some pretty dank stuff 
Were you pleased with your President's performance today?
Putin must be thrilled beyond belief....
Is there anyone to subpoena or are you going to call HRC, and all the Democrats who have Russian ties too?

Where is the special prosecutor for Hillary and Barack? The party of the perpetually stupid can't do anything right it seems. h/t @USATODAY
Thank you for letting us know and for voting in the affirmative.  Truth matters.  Someday you will have to give 45 supporters reality check.
What do you do besides waste taxpayers money to represent your people there in Oklahoma? I would be angry if I lived there.
Where's subpoenas 4 Atty Gen'l Lynch having private mtg with spouse of someone under investigation? @SenateGOP #STUPIDPARTY @SenateMajLdr
It's about time
@SenatorBurr just got hit with an ethics complaint..as did Gowdy..he needs to recuse and someone decent put in his place..
#wrongside
What about the illegal spying on the people, unmasking and all the leaking??? This stuff is high priority.
@swiveltwister SenatorBurr @MarkWarner  Does the investigation include Hillary & the Podesta Brothers?
Maybe the DNC should turn their computers over to FBI. #sethrich
Just more crap. Amazing how Deep State can leak info in 24 hrs, but you can't get proof of anything after 6 months.
Great!
Where is the investigation into influence peddling by the #ClintonFoundation or abuse of intel by #Obama?
While there is no evidence whatsoever against @realDonaldTrump, there is reams of it against Hillary/Obama. Where is the special prosecutor?
When are you going to give such latitude to an investigation of Obama/Clinton treason and criminality? ANY INVESTIGATION AT ALL?? #IDIOT
sad that Dems know how to stay together but GOP turns & feeds on its own. #pathetic
It's about time. We have too many anti Americans in this county supporting Russian interference & lying about our intelligence agencies
AM ppl see all through this "Russia Collusion" BS! Focus @HillaryClinton @johnpodesta and the rest of their @DNC lackeys? Connect da dots
I approve your message, Senator.
Shouldn't we know what crime was committed by now???
what about special investigation on Hillary and Obama seems they get away with everything
O thats great keep wasting our money on fake stories. Do something constructive
Do you not care how much taxpayer money you waste?  Do you think no one is paying attention? #draintheswamp
Sell out or compromised? Probably both.
So you will go after #HRC and Podesta 8 presume????? #okconstituent
What have you done to help the people you represent?
I expected better from a varsity letterman
@dbongino good.. it'll keep 'em busy chasing their tails!!! while the grown ups focus on and take care if real issues!!!
Scum, thats what you are and your committee.  Not for the people just for you and the DC machine
Oh man I am embarrassed to be from Oklahoma today. Getting tired of the Russian narrative. Such a distraction from real issues.  
Freakin wasting taxpayer's money. You all in congress think the working-class is an endless basket of money. #sickening
Thank you for stepping up.
What a joke. Still waiting on the investigation of the private email server. I sincerely all of you lose your next election.
Why would you do that to our President? There is absolutely no proof of any collusion between Trump and Russia.
