.@SenatorLankford @ScottPruittOK Coward. Can't even stand up for clean drinking water.
.@rnelson0 When @SenatorLankford says "I know you'll lead well" to @ScottPruittOK, he means "I know you'll get lead into our wells." :-/
So guys out of state trolling an Oklahoma senator?  OFA or environmentalists?
Sure, I'm out of state. I'm in-country, though.
And I don't troll your senator, either.
Also, perhaps you were unaware - this is twitter, not the Senator's DC office.
Not trolling, just responding in the broadcast medium the coward chose.
I've known James well before Congress, not a coward at all. Shame on you!
OVER 800 of his own employees don't want him there. You are truly lost.
Obama cronies I would guess.
what does that even mean?
The biggest threat to our environment is all the nasty #liberaltears flooding everywhere. Congrats #epa #scottpruitt!!!
Do #liberaltears put flammable toxic chemicals into the aquifer? No but fracking does.
incorrect, fracking does not
Yes. Yes it does.
Very well deserved! And here I thought you probably had no sense of humor! That's the best joke I've heard!
So disappointed in you.  You are not a strong leader.  Please stand for OK, not BigOil.  #chicken #Disgrace
And you're trolling an Oklahoma senator?  OFA?
I'm embarrassed to remember you speaking at my graduation. You have let our state and constituents down.
and the fact you are unwilling to make your town halls public, even phoned in ones. Scared of the truth?
Maybe @SoonerTom305 will attempt to call me a troll? I'm a life Okie who is disheartened by how this man is representing us
are YOU SERIOUS With this shit? Can't wait to see the emails
A sad week for enviornmental protection. This shows how big oil and anti-science get their way.
You've appointed the man who wants to destroy the EPA to lead the EPA. Congratulations.
SUED the EPA 14 times, currently has pending cases. Conflict of interest much? Least qualified for the job!!
no one hears you. Try coming the Oklahoma and showing up for a Town Hall meeting. AWOL from Oklahoma
We, the voters in Okla, are watching...you're decision will determine your future in office. Not impressed
Now, fracking will continue until it literally destroys our state because that's what rich folks want?
If by lead you mean lead the agency to the toilet, I WHOLEHEARTEDLY agree!
I sincerely hope something turns up in those emails to be released on Monday. Prove what a joke this is.
Scott has 12 lawsuits against the EPA. He's Owned by Energy Co.'s. Doesnt believe in protecting environment
you must be on crack!
planet destroyers unite! Sad.
...Pruitt will lead America to ecological ruin.      #2022 #WhereIsLankford
Because he's done so well with fracking in OK? FHS, please vote in the interest of people, not Corporations.
when will you be doing a town hall for your constitutes?
Never. Just another Republican coward too afraid to be called on his shit by his constituents.
exactly. A stupid "yes man"
2022 can't come soon enough.
Totally disgusted!!!! What happens when the read the truth? Can we impeach Pruitt?
Could not be more disappointed in your support. U will be judged by those future generations u harmed.
No expression of sympathy for the people and environment? Disgraceful.
And you're trolling a senator from Oklahoma?  OFA maybe?
Yay! Now we'll be able to push all of those pesky people wanting clean air and water out of the way!
More out of state activists trolling OK senator. Sickening. OFA?
Nope. I live in Oklahoma and I can troll him as much as I like thank you very much.
Ditto, not going anywhere
The guy who is suing the #EPA! Get real and stand with We the People, not corporations!
and now there's a bill to eliminate the EPA. Thoughts?
Schedule a town hall. I won't scream, I won't yell. But you represent me, so you should hear my concerns.
I'm Oklahoma born and raised. Lankford helps rob this state of any pride we could hope to feel.
such a shame. I see you had the kool-aid also? or pockets lined with big oil money? I can't decide which.
Oh you must think that because you haven't had a chance to read the thousands of emails that prove otherwise
To the intern running Lankford's Twitter account, tell your coward boss to hold a real town hall and face us.@SenatorLankford @ScottPruittOK
@holymountain_ok You should head over to Lankford's page. I have enjoyed being ignored today.
.@SenatorLankford @ScottPruittOK The man that sued the EPA & wanted to dismantle it is now in charge of the EPA. Do you think we're idiots?
We have to stop the GOP before they destroy America and the earth. #decision2018 #voteouttheGOP #PruittVote
so much for our children and grandchildren's future to have clean water, earth and air. Deregulation=death
you are an evil man
yes our kids deserve the poisoning he plans. You need to go.
Yay!
you will be replaced because u can't mess with folks clean air & water 2 keep ur party/donors happy
thanks a lot loser #bothofusuck
I couldn't be more disappointed. This is a sad day for our environment.
How obedient of you.
Can he now sue himself???
sir, when will you be holding a real town hall forum???
Go home @SenatorLankford, you're drunk. No one wants to live in a #pruittworld.
if you think dying young from asthma and COPD is ok you got your guy.
how do you sleep at night?
You can't be serious?  What do you see when you look in the mirror?
Do tell us then oh wise one. Tell me, you as concerned about the emails as you were Hillary's?
shame!
Fucking unbelievable. I'm curious what you're getting out of this Senator?
We're so disappointed in you.So disappointed. Love America #hypocrite #nopruitt #oklahoma #earthquakes #waterinjection
hope he cleans house. Must get rid of the radical alt-left nuts.
Filling the swamp with chicken crap donors. Tick tock...
YOU will own this destruction you are wreaking on our Earth. WE will hold YOU accountable!
Win for pollution! Maybe you can take those earthquakes with you to DC. You're both basically evil.
You have confirmed that you are anti-clean water and anti-clean air for all Americans.
Thank you so much for having an interest in bettering the people's lives of this great nation. #sarcasm
No, he will destroy our environment, as he has done in OK! #NotQualified
Is this administration like when we'd have backwards day in school? Yes means no and no means yes?
I have read where Pruitt sued the EPA 13 or 14 times because of too much regulation. Now he's leading it.
Awesome.  #OkiePride
Now:
When will discussions take place regarding lowering the Corporate Tax Rate?
You meant lead, as in leader. Not lead as in lead contamination of clean drinking water, right?
EEK.
Making America Flint again
At least you're no longer our AG? Gotta look on the bright side! I hear there aren't as many quakes in DC.
delete your account.
