I'd like to agree. But, the left doesn't reciprocate.
maybe part of the problem is ppl who lump everyone with whom they disagree into nebulous categories like 'the left' in order to dismiss them
Like how folks say if you support the president you're a racist? Or a cuck? I support Trump.  Does that make me a racist?
whether others act justly is irrelevant to your own behavior. 
have you heard of 'personal responsibility'?
Have you heard of context?
yes, how is that relevant?
Your point had zero context.
nothing has zero context
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for not taking any shit from those hell bent on destroying this country.#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou #Trump #MAGA

Your intel committee never questioned Crowdstrike's credibility, just took Comey's word that they were highly respected & went no further!
Laddie... you are gonna have a heart attack if you keep this up.
Civility is difficult with Soros backed Dem congressional leaders and protesters.
Are we to believe that you value #civility while you condone @realDonaldTrump's behavior through your inaction?  Deeds, not words, Senator.
Ur comments are exactly what Lankford is talking about...u say bad..things just to agitate....most of the bad..talk comes out of liberals
When you walked into the senate, you weren't just a R. You represent ALL Oklahomans. Quit ignoring us! Quit being a rubber stamp for the Rs
What are you to do or say about this President, James? How does he line up with your Jesus?
Ur just nasty...u shud be ashamed of yourself.....do u have anything positive to make??
Kingdoms, what are you talking about??
Until the GOP stands up to Trump, this will get nothing but worse. Your great leader is childish and unpresidential. Own it.
And we have ur Obama running around agitating....
? Seriously? The President of the US is inciting violence against the free press and your invoking Obama? 1st amendment keeps us free.
But @3Sinnings her emails also!
It starts with the President.  Don't expect citizens to become mannered if this is what @realDonaldTrump demonstrates every day.
Yes, that means holding a president who undermines civility *daily* accountable for his actions.
Will you challenge your party leadership and work hand in hand with moderate Republicans and Democrats to give us a real healthcare plan?
Agreed.  Start with a civil  and open debate on improving the ACA.
Then get control of your "mouth" Donald Trump!!!!!!
You keep saying this but you haven't said anything to the source, Trump. We are not fooled. The GOP has become the party of the uncivilized
The source is deeper than Trump. As bad as he is, he's just a symptom of the underlying sickness in America.
You first, Lankford.
Seems I need 2 remind the libs.. "Vote 4 revenge". "If they bring a knife, we bring a gun". Who said it? Also, talk 2 media if u want civil.
Hi again. You and Larrie should get together since everyone else here seems to be level headed.
I agree, however it starts with Leadership. As long as the Grand Old Party doesnt stand up to Trump it will get worse. Did you get my letter
Good luck with that! Perhaps you could have a visit with the Tweeter-in-Chief!
James, please, people are being harmed by president. He is creating a toxic stew. Would the King of Kings beat up CNN? Muslims?Jews? Blacks?
That, or republicans unanimously propose Trump be impeached and removed from office. That will bring civility and unity to congress.
1/2 I could go on & on but feel it is fruitless! I voted for you but your performance on the Intel committee has changed my opinion of you.
@larriemoss meet @gwtiawah. You two should meet. You both seems to have the same positions.
DJT has irrevocably damaged the office of POTUS. Civility is impossible with his daily demented tweets. GOP is accountable for that.
You need to let media to tell you what you need to think rather then think for yourself, not wish list
"This nation not made up of monsters who hate" - but there are ppl willing to instill fear (which leads to hate) if there is $$$ to be made
Politics & party lines now stand in the way of what is best for the citizens that are represented. Just look at lack of healthcare proposal.
And its not just Trump though he has led the GOP farther down the path to hate mongering. Congress members physically attacking reporters!
Great thought but Dems refuse to admit they did not win
Republicans won, if you count cheating with voter suppression & re-districting. All they want is to be rich & powerful! Fuck the people!
The DNC is riddled with lawbreakers, some committing fraud and we are to believe their story that the Russians did It! It wasn't a hack!
Why do you ignore facts?
Mere pronouncements aren't enough. We have to track down the root causes of the schisms, and do something to fix them
Drain the swamp of career politicians. Support our President. I do thank you for your other causes. One of the few good ones.
Drain the Swamp & the #civility in politics will improve! Eventually the truths will emerge & history will be kind or harsh! What do u want?
How is Trumps swamp drainin going for you?
You aren't allowed to change this. Civility in politics gave us decades of Pelosi and Boehner making bad deals together. We need an overhaul
What do you mean by, "You aren't allowed to change this."?
I think he mean changing the Senate rules so they can push their agenda without the real bipartisanship. Or at least I hope it is that.
I think he means that dems and reps are refusing to even speak to each other and citizens are turning that disdain into hate amd violence.
All you have to do is stop wanting your way or nothing! You republicans only want it your way, then complain that they won't work with you!
THE MSM is the problem
Good luck.
2/3 of us want you to do your job and quit wining about civility.
Remember that trickle down theory?  This is were trickle actually works! Teach your fake leader what civility is!!!
It very much appears that many issues are being covered up & we are seeing nothing more than token investigations! This is the Swamp we know
The Intel committee's in both the Senate & House one which you serve never to my knowledge asked questions on DNC hacks as potential leaks!
& there are many more! No one is accountable. You have people in Intel & DOJ lying to protect political allies! We're not blind! #corruption
Do us a favor, use science and statistics more often.
I'm on a mission to civilize the GOP. Progress is slow but I'm in it for the long haul.
The only change will come if you lead. So far you cower. Our state, our nation NEEDS leadership. Trump is destroying us.
Will you be meeting w your constituents July 4? When & where? If not, why not? Stop hiding, sir.
How your committee didn't shred that ridiculous dossier brought to you by Fusion GPS a political target group paid by liberals close to HRC!
How your committee didn't shred Crowdstrike's credibility is also mind boggling! Not one question about who Crowdstrike leaders are!
The GOP's silence re: @POTUS lack of civility is deafening. We elected you to stand up for the people not comply with a tyrant.
How ur committee didn't find It inexcusable that the FBI didn't do forensics on DNC servers is mind boggling! Remember DNC paid Crowdstrike
Civility? Dont pass a healthcare bill that kills my family. Civility's hard when family is being killed. #healthcare
Make it happen. You're on the right track though some of your partisan.questions on intel committee say otherwise.
1/2 Whether it's the IRS scandal, spying & unmasking for political purposes, Clinton Foundation, illegal servers, or the alleged DNC hacks
There are political leaders, Intel leaders, & even some within the DOJ mostly past but some present that have lied & in instances broke laws
If equal justice under the law were applied in D.C. the issues you speak of would diminish greatly! There must be accountability for all!
Monkey  see, monkey do. We don't have very too examples to follow in Congress.
When is your next town hall?  I want to be there.  I voted for you; am not happy, need you to do the will of the people.  Please respond.
Start the change by NOT repealing ACA without a replacement. Will Congress be without health insurance like the rest of Americans?  I doubt
I agree that civility is critical, Senator, but not more important than preserving healthcare, freedom of the press, and our environment.
Civility! Dont you listen to your leader in the WH?  This had been getting worse since he decided he needed a vacation so he ran for Pres.
Agreed. W/all due respect, the path to change includes conversation re: what's behind the disagreement.
This is the president you support every day. If you disagree, you are in ridiculous denial. Disgusting.
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
Until the Terrorist Left starts working with Americans, stop ANTIFA it's unlikely & our division will widen. WE are Done with the Left.
Then stop disrespecting people who do not meet your standards of perfection. We are not your children, we do not need your censure. #STOP
Don't normally post HuffPost, but what will you do when Oklahomans do this?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/gettysburg-confederate-rally-kkk-antifa_us_59592bd8e4b05c37bb7f0ca4 …
Please continue to lead from the rear ....the top is challenged
Psssstttt...you might want to mention that to @realDonaldTrump. #25thAmendmentNow
I agree. We must rise above the example set by Donald Trump.
We are less than 6 months in to this! 6 months!
Did you come out about the NRA video that was a call to arms?  Or Trump beating up CNN? Or Trump calling on his supporters to fight?

It's hard to be #civil in politics when we aren't civil to people. i.e. #immigration #ACA #PrisonReform #wages #education
Liberal prog sjw's chose a path of violence & division to push their agendas. As a result police assasinated, cities burned, civility cried
.@POTUS is the leading cause of the lack of #civility When are you going to speak out like so many other GOP against his instability?
It is! The GOP Silence in regards to the #45's words & actions is quite telling!
And both Speakers
Our president is the problem
How can there be civility when @POTUS daily calls people names & throws hissy fits? My 6 y.o. would be in time out for that nonsense.
Civility can also be measured by how you treat all people. This includes not cutting Medicaid, Healthcare, etc for millions. #VoteNoBCRA
2/3 of Oklahomans don't want Koch Brothers setting the agenda for this country. But, some Senators have been bought and paid for. Kaching!
Our issue is Citizens United #OverturnCitizensUnited!
And the Senators who lack moral fiber to turn down soft money.
Yes. It is amazing how much our Legislators take from special interests. They need to return to working for the people. Vote them all out.
POTUS ruined the dignity of 2 party politics. His calls to violence of the media elected congressman who punched a journo. We are sunk, sir.
What do u suggest to change it....we,the people, have known this...easy to identify a problem but need solutions !
, Please look into the farm bill.
You told us to vote for a man who encouraged crowds to beat up protesters.
Put our country ahead of your party and lead by example. Insist on sanctions against Russia and vote against AHCA, work for the good of all.
Obama did that and made dunces of the US and the American people. He wanted to change us into socialist communists and a welfare state.
Tell that to the President.  It starts with him. He has no self control or dignity. #25THAMENDMENTNOW
Lip service. Congress burr up their ass since Trump swearing in.  No honest effort to work with him from that day. Corruption runs deep...
I agree. Civility needs to start from the top. You must stand up to the one who is promoting the ugliness. #25thAdmendment
It's not enough, sir, to condemn this behavior. Actions speak louder than words. Put Country over Party, please. Save us from the ugly.
Agree to follow the Constitution as written!
Please, be a patriot and remove this lunatic from office before our country falls apart. #25thAmendment
I expect conservative policies and spending cuts. If that hurt some people's feelings too bad.
Lead by example and work with democrats to solve the healthcare problem. Compromise is not a dirty word.
And then you president tweets... Do something support the 25th amendment.
DNC/RINO establishment Doesn't uphold the Bill of Rights/Principles of Liberty. alinskyism/Lawlessness destroyed the Consent to be Governed
You would have more credibility if you weren't led by a man who brags about being uncivil.
good luck - you'll need to start with the pensioner in the white house
