Shame on you for repeating trump's lies to the American people.
Thank you
Although I disagree with you on a lot of policies, you are doing a great job on finding the facts. #democraticokie
WH spox just admitted that Comey was fired to stop the investigation. 

That is obstruction. Do your job, Senator.
What have you been smoking and drinking. They did no such thing.
Don't let these con artists fool you. They can't even keep their story straight.
http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/11/politics/comey-fbi-investigation-russia-sarah-huckabee-sanders/index.html …
I applaud you sir.  You seem to be unafraid of President Trump.  It is apparent you value our constitution, unlike others . USAF veteran.
Hope that means #CountryOverParty.@POTUS explanation abt #RodRosenstein doesn't jibe w what he said to #Holt "would've fired him regardless"
Trump just told the country he lied to you. you said his reason for the firing now is rosenstein, now he says that's not the reason.
So let's see if in fact he lies that would be one lie to the millions that Odumbass and Killary told.
I do hope your true to your word since you have lied to the people of Oklahoma consistently. Seems being a Republican in OK means no morals
I am a constituent in your district. Please push for a special prosecutor.
I love your voice
Impeachment means President Pence. Democrats should be careful what they ask for! ;-)
Thank you for representing Oklahoma!  We love our President!!!
Not all of us
No obligation, however you will.
Don't just tweet the tweet.  Walk the walk.  Independent investigation, please.
Did @AC360 roll his eyes when you gave him your answers? #pathetic #fakenewsCNN
I don't know, was he a fraction as stupid as Comrade Conway the other night? #CountryOverParty #TrumpRussia #treason
The facts should include the president's tax returns.
You should stick a fork in an electrical outlet.
No, thank you.  The president still needs make his tax returns public.
No....he doesn't. He made a lot of money. He payed above legal amount of taxes. 38%. Move on.
Returns can prove no Russian collusion.  And no, not moving on.
Quit waiting time and money on this bogus bull crap. Put your big boy pants on and get to work for us we the people not your democrat buds.
You have a long way to go to prove you will stand up to McConnell or Trump either one. Trump lies to your face. He has zero respect for you.
Please ask for a special prosecutor to investigate the Trump/Russia connection.
I'm a constituent. Please get to the bottom of the Russia mess. Too much smoke and too many nonpartisan, investigators fired to let it slide
Comey should have been fired after he created the 2 tear justice system one for the Clinton's and one for the rest of the world.
*tier
Thanks @SenatorLankford for putting country first. I watched chilling video asking @selectedwisdom about hacking. I agree - educate people.
Well Senator, looks like Trump told you a bold face LIE and today Trump LIED to Holt and the America people! Sooner than later  czxz
@batterman terri Grt intvw w ACooper His leading ?'s were ineffective n getting U 2concur w impropriety on the part of WH&current FBI work
Sorry senator but I do not trust you! You are just as much of a liar as trump! Can't wait for 2018 so we can get rid of GOP,you all for RICH
Senator we who voted republican want change in D.C. & we want to see leadership! Dems are winning their agenda and pushing you around
Nope. I voted republican but not for the unethical Trump - thrice married liar, abuser, fraudster now scamming US & answers to Putin.
Thank you Senator. You are living up to your oath, country and constitution first.
Simple really. No lies to keep track of
POTUS now says #ComeyFiring not based on Rosenstein (contradicts POTUS' prior acct) Will U take action? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
@SenatorLankford Trump changed his story???
Guess Donnie threw you for a loop this afternoon with @LesterHoltNBC interview.  Looks like you fell for talking points hook, line, sinker.
It appears that you are the only one left who feels confident that normal processes are sufficient. Our democracy is dying.
#SpecialProsecutor #IndependentCommission
Your chance to be courageous is upon you. I am a Democrat but I miss the days of debates and exchanges instead of partisan shut down. Help!
Great message Senator - we generally don't see either to eye on political matters but I am really impressed  on this and transparency.
You consistently impress me. If in 8 or 12 yrs down the road your sites are set on the Oval Office you'd have my vote.
I do not doubt your loyalty or patriotism to your country listening to you but you were fed a lie, Today he said it was his call not DoJ
Quit choosing party over country.
On second thought, #GOPwaterboy is distancing himself from Donald.  Too little and way too late.
Even if you have confidence in your own objectivity, the country can't as long as you take Trump at face value. Special prosecutor *now.*
Facts show you are a GOP water boy.  When have you EVER voted against Mitch McConnell????
Facts show you took money from the Koch Brothers. Facts show your votes follow their preferences. Facts show you follow GOP party line.
Don't expect him to grow a pair and actually vote accordingly. Talk is cheap and he talks a lot.
You voted for DeVos + Pruitt, both votes bought and paid for by the Koch Brothers. Remember Palm Springs?
Great job, Sir. Oklahoma is proud of you!
Great interview. @SenatorLankford you are an asset for the Republican Party, Oklahoma, and the United States.
Senator, he apparently lied to your face. He told Holt he decided to fire Comey before Rosenstein's memo. Please speak out, condemn this.
@POTUS said it wasn't because of Russia, so must not be because of Russia.  #singcomeysing
@SenatorLankford Please ask for and independent probe of Russia election and evaluation of Sessions/Comey firing
this is a point in your favor though you still have a ways to go if you want me to vote for you again.
Trump's said in his interview with Lester Holt that he was going to fire Comey regardless of Rosenstein's recommendation. U are being played
And you believed him??????
Country before party Senator....
@realDonaldTrump lied right to your face about why Comey was fired.  This is a big deal.
"Needs clarity" You little weasel!! We see you, James - and it isn't pretty.  Traitor!
I appreciate this, but why not appoint an independent prosecutor so we can trust that we're actually getting facts?
Then do cover-up, help obfuscate or contribute to easing the path to the truth. We may not know yet...but Trump definitely has criminality.
Is the cost 2 our republic greater 2 have investigated & found nothing or 2 have not investigated only 2 find out later that we should have?
Lankford clearly not concerned with prosecution of any Trump Team involved in Russian election actions. Nor $$$$$ to Trump. Nor Ross.
having fired current FBI director, Trump may have guaranteed the outcome. Will he continue to fire investigators? He's fired  EPA scientists
Thank you for your seriousness and willingness to follow the story where it leads, Senator.
Great job Senator. Tough & fair, just what we need.
I hope we can trust this statement, Senator Lankford. There has been very little we've been able to count on lately.
That was an honest interview and i thought it was informative.
Thank you Senator
great job
