http://www.providencejournal.com/news/20170916/wjar-forced-to-run-pro-trump-programs … stay away from Sinclair owned stations..
It adds to our worries. I think Sinclair already owns 2 Oklahoma tv stations, KTUL in Tulsa and a Fox station in OKC.
https://www.scribd.com/document/355258439/Fox-Suit … whole lot of Maga supporters going to be upset @FoxNews...you been lied to..again
Do u do interviews on anything except Fox?...Oklahomans: there's ur sign.....
Yup. By your actions, you are one of them. Stop voting "yes" to anything @realDonaldTrump wants. #WhiteSupremacist #Hatred #Resist
COR. U SHALL NOT PASS! LOTR!
Apparently  @SenatorLankford doesn't know that Fox is being sued for Seth Rich conspiracy and the allegations that go with it..#FakeNews
Great job articulating the reason we need the ban!
Boogiemen Everywhere!
rofl...the terrorists we have are white ones..
WHEAT OUT THE TERRORISTS FROM THE REFUGEES!
And we do wtf we have to do to keep them out!!!!!!
Boogiemen Everywhere!
Senator- un- you are not wrong but the solution is not a ban. Use $ spent for the idiot's golf games to pay for better security!
We are far more likely to be attacked by an American born terrorist than a foreign born one. A travel ban won't stop that. Stop the nonsense
Also, I ask you to put off robbing millions of people of healthcare. Put conscience before party. You know it's a terrible idea.
So you'll make sure Saudi Arabia is on that list?
Senator Lankford has his own agenda. In lockstep with 45.
I've spent two days giving Fox news an honest watch. Fox portrays the news at best at a third-grade level. Perfect for Trump
Remember when filthy fanatical Muslims flew planes into buildings and slaughtered thousands of hard working Americans?   If not, do research
Embarrassed to be represented by you.
F get real, the people that want to do us harm to us  control  us with GMO fluoride Chemtrails and a hundred other things abortion vaccines!
Same argument N Korea using to build nuclear weapons. Same argument Native Americans used look how that turned out.
Really, but we have criminals here stop with making that travel ban look good.
Why do you promote hate? Where is your Christian belief in love of they neighbor. Stop promoting hate by supporting war.
We have a lot bigger problem with Americans killing Americans.  Let's start there
Your insults are racist and ignorant! Liberals or democrats are not blind! Also we're not White Nationalists.
Can they all come live with you??
Just say "brown people" James. We know you want to.
You want everything to be about race disgusting race baiting
There appear to be some of our friendly countries exporting their terrorists and ideology to harm us too!
So far the terrorist here are against minority's! White Supremacist want to make America a Nationalist country. End of America
Yeah everybody but you is racist
Maybe, but right now it's the harm the potus and the GOP is trying to do to us that has me frightened. Stop with he fear mongering!
I am more afraid of being shot by an American than a immigrant terrorist.
Yep!   Skin Heads , KKK , etc....
Too bad, JAmes....just because they WANT to come here doesnt mean they get to.It is our choice.
I say let them in this nation needs an attitude adjustment and it's becoming more and more politically correct every day common sense needed
why do I feel like I'm getting reruns. US been experiencing mos terrorism since 1990...why is this not required learning in HS?
I'm more afraid of my gun toting neighbor.
It's like you have to simplify it to 3 year-old speak.
If they wanted to do us harm, they would be here by now.
The bots have trolled this tweet
That's true and we have to be careful! However, we have always been a country with open arms to those who need us. #NoToNationalism
Senator, it's absurd you dont have the back bone to call out those "people", they have a name, they are are muslims, why cat you say it?
Exactly but for some insane reason these liberals don't get it!!
Stop  stop 
Every god damned place has problems.
WE have #AntiAmericans and #UnAmerican Assholes in every state
Militia seeking to harm us
What about the home grown terrorist? San Bernardino, Pulse night club both born in the US.
جير الخواطر على الله
Whatever that scribble is??!
There's more mentally unstable that can do harm with guns.  @realDonaldTrump made it easier.  Bans don't work #TrustTheProcess
PROBLEM is:  They already get into USA
Is this your real stance on this issue? How is that Christian? There are more people killed by homegrown threats than anything else.
Most of which happen to come from these areas
so why are we not banning all people from the UK????? THAT is where they are.  Or France, or Spain.......#idiots
How about we do something about the terrorists who are already HERE, who are CITIZENS, who are KILLING us daily??? #imbecile
We sure don't need any more people in this country who wish to do us harm. Too many already.
We're a country in need of All who will support the American way of life. What have you done?
James is a Rino.
Bans don't work on homegrown terrorist. Someone can be born in country and still be a terrorist. Look at the majority of attacks. Homegrown.
Immigrant parents from Islamic nations  is  common denominator
White good old boys is a common denominator.
Lets get it done Mr. Lankford! This isn't rocket science! Are WE waiting for another attack on USA? We WANT a strong travel ban & the WALL!!
Fortunately, there's existing safeguards and vetting in place to prevent that from happening.
Support the travel ban; keep America safe
And that's why we have a 2 year vetting procedure to get in
Worked nicely, after Obama amped up the vetting. It's the domestic terrorists we need to worry about.
It's like banning all customers from a store because a few people might want to steal from it. Your business of xenophobia is failing.
Absolutely. 
True. 
Without! Doubt!
It's frustrating people thing people want this in any positive way.It's a necessary evil and its sad the world has come to even consider it
Back the POTUS Lankford. I live in Oklahoma and you have been weak supporting our President.
We let one in years ago they had a kid and now he's fukn us over from the top down.
Trumpy jumping the gun!!   Stick a soother in his mouth.
This is not rocket science!! Any1with IQ over 20 could tell you that we need to keep ppl out or vet those coming in real hard!
America has enough homegrown native sadist,willing and ready to kill other innocent citizens anyway
Legal dream together and safety together Asians hate us
@POTUS Start with banning Saudi Arabia the founder of ISIS and Al-Qaida. 
Why does CROOKED @foxnews never tell the whole truth ?
Every minuet of the day
Ya think?
The Obama leftover judges he appointed are more dangerous to this country than Isis.
Thank you James.  Unfortunately democrats don't care
We are not want bad people safety first America first
Control sir, if someone is hate America and violence
The people that want to enter our country and do us harm will be able to do so thanks to the Obama leftovers
Do not tell the truth or use logical arguments. It makes liberals confused and angry... #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder

Thank you for illustrating my point so well. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Yet, we don't ban the countries that said people have come from..
That's because @realDonaldTrump does business with them. His money trumps our citizens.
Most of them are already in d.c.
