Please help those of us fighting Rheumatoid Disease. I vote for you. Please vote for me. #RAWarrior #ChronicDisease #RheumatoidArthritis
Will you stand by your pledge not to cut Medicaid? Our most vulnerable populations depend on those services.

Please #voteNO #AHCA #Trumpcare #HurtsOk #PeopleWillDie #SaveACA #LessThan15%WantAHCA #StandUp4Healthcare #DoTheRightThing
Vote no for our elderly, our children, and our less fortunate. People will die without healthcare. Fight for single payer.
@briantedjones
The only stories you've shared so far are the ones that agree with you - what about the stories of Okies that will be hurt by BCRA? Like me?
Affordable care = insurance that covers stuff (like hospitals & medicine) AND reasonable co-pay. We're that insurance pre-Obamacare SUCKED.
And when you vote...#No ....you will be representing me....oh, please remember our tax dollars pay you Sir
Repeal! No replace. Let the free market do its job. Government screws up everything it touches. Rs lose big if this awful replace goes thru.
Instead of throwing 22M Americans off health care, we should join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee health care as a right.
any healthcare bill wud sit better w/ everyone if there was bipartisan support, just saying. I still wud like senate debate
Please don't cut #Medicaid!  It's crucial to people's lives.
the only people that can access health care are senators and welfare recipients let that sink in
Thank you for your commitment to this Senator, but can you please confirm your position on the email your office sent out today?
#FullRepeal government does not belong in healthcare business

@RealTodTucker across state lines, catastrophic care policies, low self pay visits. #responsibilityofpeople
Oklahoma is lucky it hasn't had a class action lawsuit for not expanding Medicaid yet
Senator, Robert Mueller is in Violation of 28 CFR 45/2

Can we still take the Medicaid expansion under ACA?  I think will help a lot of Okies and help stabilize health care in our state.
Please let us know if it is true that tax cuts to 1% are retroactive? Ins w/o essential ben. is not ins. Raising my prem by 40% not right
Don't forget the age thing. Over 50 could pay 5x more.  Not acceptable
Single payer for all! I'm a librarian who helps at least one person a day with medical bankruptcy.
Work together with other senators to create a bill that's good for all
Glad to hear senator. Imho single payer is the way to go.
Yeah, that's not at all what they're doing.
I left a small suggestion that should be easy to implement with your staff. However as long as its insurance based it will never really work
You must defund Planned Parenthood! Please make this your top priority! #DefundPlannedParenthood
Insurance is not an inalienable right. It is a fleecing of the people. No government in healthcare.
Healthcare is the last place our fiscally broke government needs to be. Full repeal!!!
PLEASE push for complete repeal. The U.S. reached amazing heights for 230 plus years without Obamacare. We don't need gov. Healthcare.
Healthcare is not that important to me. I want to make more than $15,720 while on SS It should be $20,000. Raise it. We need the money.
Okc constituent
I am vehemently against this current bill. It's obvious that Congress should fix ACA or go to healthcare for all. No tax break for rich
You seem to have no problem talking to CNN or tweeting about the #BRCA. Maybe you can try actually talk to those affected?
#ACA helped many people in your state. Your plan will kick countless of insurance. Why do you act as though you help them? Just #FixACA
Repeal. Get government out of health care.
how about pursuing something so you dont kill my relatives by voting yes for this horrible bill?
Pass a law that any insurance co cannot sell ins in a state unless they also participate in an ACA pool. That simple
22 millions without healthcare in a decade!  What's good about that?  Refine ACA don't repeal! Be a Christian. Help the poor & the needy.
I hope you will reach an agreement on the bill.  OCare is killing Americans, most doctors won't take it and costs are way too high, please!!
I'll make this super easy for you guys...... I'll take the same insurance you have.
Let's make sure it's true healthcare not a tax cut for the #richandfamous. You can't cut taxes and expect lower premiums and better HCare
Stop fixating on repeal and work on fixing! That's what we care about!! #HealthcareBill
@SenatorLankford @Please don't make working mothers pay more for healthcare than working fathers. Does that even make sense? Maternity....
@SenatorLankford please consider our Pts with cancer that are the most vulnerable. They can't work, often lose jobs. They need protection.
Good. Just get it right.
Please just keep pre-existing conditions out of Mary Fallon's hands. I'll pay for insurance, I just want access.
What does your healthcare policy cost you? Does it have co-pays and deductibles?
Continue?  I think you have to start in order to continue.
Please!!! Take your time. Make it right this time.
You don't know how offensive it is when you call us Okies. Obamacare works fine for some of us which you would know if you visited.
@RealTodTucker OH! NO MANDATES!!!!! Don't force the people but something! Gov't out of healthcare! #peopleresponsible
Exactly! I thought GOP was the free market party!
Wanna fix healthcare bring back up front pricing! Let the consumer feel the "sticker shock"! Hospitals miles apart charge vastly different
or realize they're being overcharged & make subs. Free market works if not overburdened w/hyper-regulation & monopolies/ oligarchies
Please do not vote for the BRCA.  It will be bad for Oklahoma.
We need single payer health care.
Losses per CBO by 2026. Columns: Total, Medicaid and Individuals.
Hope you not only pursue affordable reform but also reform that saves lives  Talk to experts,hosps, docs, folks wo ins at work and sick.
Senator, Please fix Medicaid and let the rest buy what they want in an open competitive market!
We need ceilings on healthcare costs, then lower premiums will follow. It's really quite simple.
Hmmm, we will see
Will you be holding any townhall meetings in OK for constituent input over the recess?
Think about the elderly and disabled when you vote. Who will cover the costs when you kill Medicaid funding? #termlimits
Single payer.
Single Payer health care would cover every Okie from the moment they are conceived. Can't get more Pro Life than that senator.
Praying you DONT pass this bill. It is devistating to Oklahomans in nursing home, diabled and low income. Also Hosp that care for them.
Then create a way to help the poor get extra help.
How bout try supporting physician @RandPaul? Just repeal everything, open up a free marketplace, and remove all insurer protections.
Please improve health and revenue by supporting medical marijuana. #CannabisCures #legalizeit Retweet
Weed isn't going to solve real heath problems. Healthcare does.
Okla State Legis proved it can't manage complex issues. Plz don't entrust current bunch w/more power & less accounability. Wanna chat?
Please vote no.
Make Health Insurance non-profit. No need for insurance companies and their CEOs making Millions+ while the complicate healthcare more.
Please vote no on ACA legislation!
Lord I hope..because my huband was laid off at 62, couldn't afford COBRA so forced to retire..one of his heart meds alone is $800 a month
Backing a bill which hurts the poor, elderly, disabled, women and vets. Won't vote 4 u next time if this happens.
when is your town hall? constituents want to talk about this.
Lift the mandates and watch 3/4 of people drop ocare
Glad to see people on this thread r admitting Obamacare is a disaster & now R's r being tasked w/finding a remedy that US can afford.
ok, forget my last tweet. You don't understand how the ACA works...
I understand exactly how Obamacare works, it's failing & Rep's r expected to pick up the pieces!
Failed due to Repubs blocking funding. Gather more facts as usual.
Blaming others for the failure of liberals, typical tactic of the left. I am against borrowing money to pay for HC!
Let's hope so!!!  Don't make it a tax cut for the rich.  It was that sort of thing that has destroyed Oklahoma's economy and you know it!
When will you have a town hall meeting with us "Okies" to update us on what you are planning to do with HEALTHCARE?  The 4th recess?
"all income levels"... but especially for those at top 1% 
#VoteNoAHCA
That means a no vote on this bill, Senator
Will you make it bipartisan effort this time?
I know the goal of the GOP is to gut anything from Obama, but when will it be time for a rational, reasoned solution?  Take the ACA, fix it
Just spoke with your office. Thx for continuing to push forward with improving this bill. In the current state, it is not good for OK.
Or anyone but those that get tax breaks which is none of us here.
So, Obamacare's not dead after all?
Nope, never was. Just sabotaged by turning down the funding.
It has to be more than just affordable. You can easily provide affordable insurance by not covering anything. That's not the solution.
This is so important. oCare rates went up b/c they actually had to cover things. Crappy insurance isnt the answer here.
Could we have a town hall and not a private one this time?
Whenever Lankford tweets his usual lies about looking out for Oklahomans.
You are funny.
No single payer! Repeal!
I think if we ever do go 2 single payer, within 5 or 10 years, it will be so bad, people will b screaming 4 a return 2 private. It may take
I hate to ask you this cause we have been down many roads. Please explain this. I truly and curious.
Here is something you should start with then google for more facts.
1. Representative Trey Gowdy will take over as Chairman of the Congressional Oversight Committee when Jason Chaffetz resigns. Gowdy says the
I am sure the committee will get right on that.  I mean, how r people supposed 2 know they need insurance if there r not commercials? LMAO!
Open enrollment is only for a specific period of time. Enrollees over 60 may not carry a computer (ie phone) around in their pocket all day.
2. You can only apply for ACA/Obamacare outside open enrollment for specific exceptions. Those ads were supposed to be on specific channels
3. during specific shows, whose demographics skewed older, & who aren't on their phone all day. So, yeah, pulling ads affected enrollment.
Single payer reform is what we need Senator.
Affordable, fair, low deductibles, inclusive and not a tax cut in disguise. #NoTrumpCare #NoDeathCare #NoWealthCare
Single payer!  And please tell McConnell that Democrats could possibly be willing to work with GOP. He is a joke.
Let Obamacare sink under its own weight. It's bad policy. Then the public will see it was bad politics
So when is the town hall?
#whereisLankford
Enjoy your dinner with the POTUS. Remember the 50-64 year olds, the preexisting condition voters in Oklahoma. Vote no.
@SenatorLankford the only thing that will work is single payer. Anything else will be a disaster, for the country and for the GOP.
Does that mean your dinner plans are cancelled for tonight?  Your constituents are letting you know how to vote.  Do your job or resign.
I will be 65 Aug. 10. Please do NOT screw up my heath care--or anyone else who isn't wealthy like you and your GOP cronies!
Perhaps a version that gets us closer to free market, lowers premiums, and shrinks gov?  I'm sure it's too much to ask of a progressive sen.
Government not always bad. Once GOP gets over this idea, country can begin to heal and function again. Roads, national parks, MAPS in OKC.
How could this work with OK's revenue failure and refusal of Medicaid expansion?
Support Trump!!
Please get it right! I will be 62 on Saturday. HC cost is important to me & my family!!

Pfffffffft, yeah right.
8 Years!  Do I need to say more?
http://www.militarytimes.com/articles/va-plan-iu-cuts-benefits-elderly-veterans … your new VA administration..good luck
