I quests I missed an actual strategy.
Stop lying
Yes quite a rubber stamp of what the Obama Admin's was with the guaranteed winning. No news here.
Stage 1 of new Afghan strategy: blow up messaging on Afghan strategy.

I bet you're praying for Mueller to just hurry the hell up, eh?
It's great to have a President with some "balls".
This is unbelievable. History shows time & time again that you can't root out extremism by sending more troops and fighting it head on.
Apparently senator  Langford  history must not be your strength  Who drove the nazis out of Europe  I believe they were rooted out
Nazi Germany is a country, extreme terrorism is based on an ideology. History shows you can't root out an ideology by war.
Nazism is an ideology  like terrorism very evil must be left powerless by force 
And I'm saying historically we have not shown any ideology can be rooted out by force. But if that is what you want to believe have at it.
https://scontent-dft4-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/20953494_1981963635147938_2697449987611617993_n.jpg?oh=2855c70c3166f7408bfb639e5afd79e7&oe=5A12BBA0 …

The @GOP put this crazy in our whitehouse. He praises the confederacy and lies. We will not let you tear our nation apart. Just a total lie
Are you kidding? "...root out extremism." Waiting for you to repudiate racist speech@realDonaldTrump Also waiting for @JimInhofe to do same
What strategy? I didn't hear one. Fill me in please.
That's the point IMO & why President Trump has been successful at killing Terrorist. Unlike Obama who gave a heads up 2the 
Who killed Osama Bin Laden? Remind me? I seem to have forgotten. Oh yeah. #ThanksObama
Thank God but seriously after 8yrs & that's all ya got. Heck President Trump has still done better. NEXT...
Put down the crack pipe, dear. The only thing he's done is rile up the Nazis & white supremacists. I'm sure Jesus is proud.
In ur intention. Just a little life lesson  I wouldnt bring Jesus in it honestly shows yet again disrespect the Left has problems with that
My disrespect is for racism & the immorality of current leadership. Not for TRUE Christians who follow Christ, unlike DJT & his followers.
Myself and many others are working hard to take back our state from the likes of you, Imhofe, Fallin, Cole and Mullins.
Surrreee.
So we aren't nation building but we are committing to being there in perpetuity.
Not really listening to what the pres. says cuz tomorrow it will be something completely different or opposite of what he says today
and you called it!! Phoenix rally proved it
Why don't you tell us all what a great speech that was
this guy couldn't strategize himself out of a paper bag. lets see if you still stand by him after tonight's nazi/KKK rally. CALL HIM OUT NOW
I guess you got the details we didn't
His plan is the same as Obama's it has not wavered and yet he is still lying about it. See his rally last night. It was a shit show. Normal
Do something about Trump. Put us above the rep party
You should know that many will be voting against you come 2018. You and your Okla Republican buddies. We've had enough!
Really...you bought that crap. You're we're an easy sell. Please stand up to this disgrace of a president.
do something practical... lets get better urban transportation... get people moving.... get pitbulls muzzles... so we can walk more
Awesome use of #sarcasm there, Senator! Just when we thought that you didn't have an ounce of humor in you. Hahaa. Yes, great "plan!" #MAGA
Is this what you heard? I heard NO DETAILS. Another needless war extended so that this man can say I didn't lose the war.
Alienating our allies is not a strategy. It's pure folly. More of the same from 45 and his enablers.
Um, is that even what he said?
What strategy? It was just pandering & talking points. No details.
What's the difference between his, Bush's, & Obama's policies? Other than he wants to rob the Afgans of their minerals? Specifics, please.
No, Senator it's not nation-building.
How did you glean that from the statement last night?
Mr Lankford if this potus was to jump off a tall building would you follow. Just wondering haven't seen anything from you that's different
I believe he would...
Wait, I thought ISIS was done already, @realDonaldTrump said he had a secret plan for defeat in 30 days...
Praying for it to happen. It is such a spiritual battle that we must pray.
What exactly are you talking about? He recycled strategy and called it his. Explain what is new except "not gonna tell" anything about it.
Oh geez Louise. You guys are unbelievable. He read from a promoter with no real discernable changes. But any change to dis Obama ....
Which strategy is that?  More Americans to die with no end in sight?  That wasn't a strategy. Come on
Looking forward to seeing Don Jr and Eric volunteering
Huh?  I didn't hear any coherent policy. What's the plan?
I would really like the name of the doctor that prescribed you those drugs! You are delusional! #complicit #coward #GOP
I'm sorry, not going to happen! It's crazy, why can't the other Arab countries contribute their people to the fight! WeAreSickOfItAll
Speech was too vague. Uses won't reveal my strategy to hide he doesn't have a strategy.
I think it was a wish: a dream without a plan.
Glad I'm pandering, er, we're pandering, er, dammit...
How is this policy any different than Obama's????
Was that what his speech told u? I must have been watching another guy spouting BS at the podium
GOP is dead. It's not logical. Prolife but against healthcare. Capitalism but punish poor. Makes no sense.
Root out extremist at home white supremacist
What #AfghanStrategy? US has no Asst Sec of State for South Asian Affairs or even an Ambassador to Afghanistan. Be more than a rubber stamp.
Yeah, that worked out soooo well for Russia. I guess you guys are okay with the big switcharoo from the president.
I believe @realDonaldTrump will kill many many Terrorist & we have a President who might just help end this war. God bless @realDonaldTrump
There will be none of that without nation building and you know it.
Been there, done that. Just putting more Americans in harms way with no real strategy. This is Quantity of Quality.
You will parrot ANYTHING Trump says, won't you?
If I heard it correctly, their strategy was to "KILL THEM." &, w/o a State Department, diplomatic "strategy" will be tough to implement
when unicorns fly
Keep telling yourself that.
Please minutely go through it a big failure is coming
When will we some results on the corrupt Clintons and the investigation?
Oh give it a rest. Whaaaa!!! Her emails.....
