I agree with you on this Senator,  as an Oklahoman and your constituent, please continue to pursue protections for Dreamers.
No, this guys is going to get voted out. Can't wait.
So let's be real, he isnt going anywhere. I disagree with most of what he stands for, but this state won't vote gim out.
Nothing more than a fantasy from a naive woman. Obviously you haven't been paying attention to the special elections.
Oklahoma's last 2 went blue, in a state so red they call it before voting ends. The national races were actually in play, in deep red dist.
You're still clinging on to an outdated fantasy. There wont be any 50 shades of blue here for you. This senator is getting voted out.
You are a damn fool to say what happens here in oklahoma.
That's really stupid. He's a Senator and takes part in making decisions for the entire nation. His ouster is in America's best interest.
They aren't children when they are up to 31 years old.
When they have been here 25 yrs, and America is all they know, they belong here.
There is a path to apply for citizenship
That is correct. A very long and costly path. In order to get that far, they need to work. It is hard to save that much as lower income work
That LEGAL immigrants have went through. There is no jumping in the front of the line here. Must be sent to back.
"Empathy" is not an argument. It's an excuse for you to appear righteous all while selling out other "humans" for political gains. Pathetic.
Empathy has to be a part of the argument or we become sub-humans. And I am not trying for political gains. Just trying not to destroy lives.
Thank you, Senator. Please hurry and fix this issue. Only six months to make it happen.
We shld hold parents responsible for what they did. If that effects their child then it is on their head not those here legally or citizens.
DACA children have grown into fine examples of Americans. Kind, smart and brave. Better than some citizens that I comment on.
As a constituent of his,  yes,  it's what I want
Another Oklahoma constituent says YES!
And another
Then you pay for their needs, stop using my tax money on them
Google it they crossed illegally and are not vetted look it up how many parents have lost children to dreamers
And those who had entered illegally not vetted so why trust them with truthful information after committing a crime remember 64% over HS age
Our discussion is mute at this poin Trump stated the current DACA have nothing to worry about. Up to congress now. But DACA was unconstnal
Makes me proud to be from OK!
BS!  U just want cheap labor!  It doesn't effect your family! Your kids will never do without. Children suffer all the time 4 the decisions
of their parents in America! U r getting ready to sell out the people of OKlahoma for cheap labor! Get ready Okies, your child that could
Our children come last, those that broke the law come first! The parents r also here illegally, they shld go back as a family!
All talk but no action! You need to be replaced! This is !
That's fine. The parents can go back to their countries too.
There are DREAMers who are NOT recognized. I came 12yrs ago but am worse off than unlawful dreamers, even with legal non immigrant status
If you don't pay your rent & you& kids get evicted, it's YOUR fault. Get rid of all anchor baby legislation loopholes! ALL! #MAGA @POTUS
James you and the rest of Congress need fewer sound bites and more action.  It was illegal and Congress is suppose to fix - JUST DO YOUR JOB
NOT Trump's fault.  Step up to the plate in Congress and away from the microphones and sound bites and do your job.
Thank you for actually reflecting Christian values. Don't let @POTUS destroy these young lives; pass leg. reform and override president.
They're only "Christian values" when it comes with a stipend by the government.
Why don't you listen to the people you represent , who's payroll are you on ? Time for Oklahoma to get new representation
But our President don't care that this is the only country the dreamers knows is going to hurt our economy.Trump is dividing our country
Yes they did
Thank you @SenatorLankford! Proud you vocally supported DREAMERs! Looking forward to legislative support as well! Prayers for you!!
Lankford should know you CANNOT make DACA or the dream act legal without changing the Constitution
@Byrn67 never asking for DACA. Asking 4 legal pathway to citizenship for my son. Hope you will support my family who wants 2 take that step
I have no problem with legal immigration but too many people and politians are using it for political agendas or gaming the system .
Even people who legally immigrated here are upset over line jumpers and want the system fixed and made right .
but those parents worked for years jobs that white americans wouldn't do! horrible hypocrisy and hateful politics
EXACTLY! Illegals lower the wages!
Deep thoughts....
#impeachthe45nightmear
Who is this democrat senator trying to make a name for himself.
The GOP certainly holds children responsible when their parents are poor and need help to house, feed, and care for them.
Well said
Republicans push for 2 parent, mom & dad, households where poverty is less likely. Dems do everything to ruin families.
Bot
Odd some of those kids are not kids and many are marching around waving Mexican flags chanting this is ours now .
Please have the courage to say this with your vote.
I expect you to stand with my President on DACA not with McCain!Okla can't vote McCain out but we can u!MAGA Mr Lankford
But we hold Congress responsible for not doing their job for decades.
Can't pay enough to teachers but keep on bringing them(foreigners) by the truck load, what the hell its going on with lankford, there is no$
I'm hesitantly counting on you to make this right. NO ONE in Oklahoma is going to hold a show of compassion against you. Please. Defend DACA
Looking forward to reading ur newsletter where you submitted a bill.

Yet I get blamed for SLAVERY even though my grandparents came here in 1916 from Ireland.. LEGALLY. 
Thank you for this response.  It means a lot.
It's long past time for @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan to work w/ Dems. Both Sides: act like adults & compromise. #DACA #Harvey #DebtCeiling
In this conversation it's critical that we don't demonize parents doing what all parents strive for - provide the best life for their kids
Yes we do, that's the whole point of abortion.....
Yes we do, that's the whole point of abortion.....
Thank you for listening. Now back up your words. Prove to us that you not only listened, you acted on our behalf.
Time for action @SenatorLankford
Congress fix it   Don't grandstand. Fix it.
People just want to be happy. I know let's execute all vicious gang members..pedifiles. forget jails only the peaceful will survive
Why don't these kids blame the parents that brought them here
I know some1 in jail right now & their children feel like they r being held responsible 4 their parents action b/c they r separated!
@SenatorLankford will u really stand up when u might be the only 1, u haven't yet,  1 of the pack
END DACA!!!!! I don't see you fighting to send my kids to college for free.
We don't even hold the illegal parents responsible for their actions....all should go home and come back and apply legally!
It costs $800 and takes up to 2 years to become a citizen. If these Dreamers average 23 yo and are still not citizens, they need to go...
@SenatorLankford med age of DREAMer 23, eligible up to 36 yo, w/ misdemeanors. Not abt deportation-but granting work permits & fed benefits
It's time for you to go #nomorerhinos
End DACA now get them all out, deport them all.  There is a legal way to enter if they do not want to follow the law thats their problem.
Senator Lankford if you do not stand with President Trump and vote YES to get rid of DACA you do know we'll vote you out next election.
THERE WILL BE NO SUGAR COATING THE TRUTH ABOUT THE DRONES & WHAT THEY HAVE DONE!
BAILING OUT THE DRONES....AS LONG AS U PPL...CARRY THE BURDEN.
PPl being stabbed, Mosques bombed, citizens run over, children evicted,  and the GOP does nothing. Talk, in their position, is bs.
It's the right thing to do! These #Dreamers have pass background checks, paid fees, many enlisted in military! #SaveDACA #Dreamers
This GOP'er is wrong again...You people do hold children responsible for the actions of their parents or else this wouldn't even be an issue
You don't reward them either. You vote for any legislation for this you will be gone.
Tahlequah Resident
But Obama made a promise outside of his authority and the constitution. It encouraged illegals who are now adults who should go get legal.
You're huffing & puffing but the fate of DACA is now up to you. Trump repealed Obama's EO & passed it on to Congress to address it legally.
You and I rarely agree on issues. This is the exception. Now back up your words with action.  #defenddaca
If he really means that then it should be no problem passing legislation allowing them to stay.
This is why we press 1 for English.
Not my job to judge whether person who claims to be Christian really is but based on what I see, @SenatorLankford is real deal; Trump not.
Not always
Stop making Oklahoma look bad with your establishment cuckservatism.
This is a fight you can win @SenLankford. Stay strong. Solid pic btw.
@SenatorLankford is a man of integrity and courage and worthy of great respect
Sen but I disagree. Get true reform passed but if that can not happen we must deport.
@realDonaldTrump correct. Let's deal with those here now & end program for future to stop the next wave: children get citizenship
No we don't. We hold their parents responsible. The patents need to take their families home.
this is their home. SMFH
No. However, if the women go home the men in their country are sick animals. Their odds of being raped are  extremely high, they can stay.
You best go with what the voters want. And we are with our POTUS. You best listen up and vote with him. Time for term limits when you rebel
@SenatorLankford You are getting too liberal for Oklahoma, time to drain your office space!
@SenatorLankford They are illegal aliens that should not get a free ride so their illegal parents can ride along.
@realDonaldTrump proclaims that America worships God & not Govt. Please read him Ezekiel 18 4 informed decision making on #DACA
@N4HYBob @thehill
Spell the name correctly. What does the prophet say regarding this issue? Need chapter & verse.
The sins of the parent should NOT be visited on the children #DACA
So a parent robs a bank but gives the money to the kids, do they get to keep it because it's not their fault it's stolen... laws are laws
Amen!  Well said!!
You may not, but Trump followers do. He needs to keep his rapidly shrinking base happy. He needs them to massage his ego.
If only you had fought as hard for a #Wall as you are for a blatantly illegal DACA amnesty! You say it was illegal when Obama enacted it!
DACA need to go back, become legal & come back to US if they want to. Many DACA are ones burning US flag.
Deport the whole family.  It's the only way.
@SenatorLankford I agree with you most of the time, but this is the stupidest thing I've heard in a long time. PS, I voted for you.
Sen. Lankford, you probably need to be telling Trump this, too. He hasn't gotten the message.
If we did, Barron Trump would have a miserable life. 
Trump won largely because of his position on immigration, getting rid of DACA, amnesty and building the wall. You will get Cantored.
https://www.axios.com/european-pension-cuts-u-s-investment-on-trump-worries-2478728266.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textshort&utm_term=business … to help out on this our European neighbors are pulling out because of this nutcase in our whitehouse
I admired & supported you. But you've revealed your true colors. No wonder Trump has no allies. Washington changes people. #BoughtAndPaid4
You must hold them responsible since the average DREAMER age is 26, and being adults, they should have left and came back legally.
As you return to DC from your vacation please remember all that was destroyed without..or with your consent
This is 45's agenda..lets make America White Again..and its not going to work..it's not who we are..We are so much better
If I steal food from a store, to feed my starving children would that be ok? Will u defend me for trying to feed them who are citizens here?
RINO headquarters is at it again. #DACAisoverParty
So illegals are now making a mockery out of us. This is an embarrassment to the nation and Congress are not helping .
I support DACA! Thank you @SenatorLankford! Zip 73072
The law is the law.U r within a position 2 remove, repeal or amend them. Do not violate them, this is not how a sovereign country operates.
You know the point of #DACA is to let the parents stay too. Dems want them to become voters. GOP wants to depress wages. Go to Hell. #MAGA
Will all due respect, if the parents rob a bank, do the children get to keep the money when the parents are caught?
We hold people like you to be responsible in protecting and upholding the laws of this country, not promoting it to be violated.
@SenatorLankford What are you going to do about it?
@DagnyDelinquent Why are you not fighting against abortion daily then sir?
Feel sorry for the poor robber, or the homeless guy stealing food......but we have laws for a reason. Laws cannot be "ignored" for FEELINGS
Whoa! Are you finally growing a backbone to stand up to the vicious ogre in the Whitehouse? Back words with actions, please
We aren't jailing them for crimes of their parents. But we don't need to reward them either. Hey those "Make America Mexico Again" signs...
I don't often agree with you. I do on this. Thank you for speaking out for Dreamers. Please back it up with action. Thank you.
Yes @SenatorLankford surprise me & back your words with action.  I won't hold my breath, empty words as usual!
#RecallLankford
He has 5.5 yrs to go & knows it. #DACA unfair to legal immigrants.
Who the hell do u represent dude? Americans or foreign nationals?
.Most "Dreamers" are grown&had time to get legal status but won't.Doing so would disqualify them for scholarships reserved for illegals only
So we the middle class should support them ? We don't want illegals here period . Legal only w no welfare
Correction! We don't hold rich children responsible for their parents actions...which we allow to pass as well. Happy Labor Day Y'all.
@jameslankford @POTUS gave you a carrot (DACA) in return he wants a wall & reduce H1B & H2B visa.  Instead you will just give the DEMs DACA.
@SenatorLankford is going to be one termer. Folks from OK will not tolerate a D hiding as an R.  Support @POTUS or get run out of OK!
Will you vote for the Durbin-Graham “DREAM Act” (S. 1615) to create a legislative fix to the predicament of these young Americans? @DAOK_OKC
They're NOT Americans.
If this is the case, then I hope that all the children brought to this country legally will also be given a chance to stay. #DefendDACA
There's no problem if they are legal! The problem is the  ILLEGAL
@CJCboi OK now get to work congress owns daca  you can't have true reform with out border wall
Prove it.

Words don't mean shit.
Not children, you Bafoon
So if parent robs bank, children should be able to keep proceeds.
James:An illegal alien is illegal, period. If someone is here illegal, they need to become legal or leave. You pass new laws or enforce ours
How about enforcing the emoluments clause. How about enforcing laws against collusion. Do you support that too or does Lying Don get a pass?
Ok Richard you racist:  1)Being an illegal alien is a crime in itself. 2) Lots of allegations against @POTUS is NOT a crime. Period.
@SenatorLankford  #DACA it's called keeping the law. You've gone against @POTUS  & the American people one too many times. #Charlottesville
Exactly vote this bum out . We don't want to b stuck paying their bills . No amnesty for law breakers ever
But yet hold children in the womb responsible for their parent's actions?
We'll see.
would this then imply that we can morally just deport all of the responsible parents?
Then U need to STAND UP 4 once & make this right. WTF has America become? We R ALL immigrants except N. Americans. Maybe they shld expel us!
@SenatorLankford <= So why are you holding our children responsible? #EndDaca
That should keep up an unlimited supply of illegal immigrants having babies on American soil
@SenatorLankford, so you will work with my senators (@SenatorCardin and @ChrisVanHollen ) to pass a bill with permanent #DACA provisions?
Words are cheap, Senator, and in the age of Trump they are largely meaningless. It's time you finally step up and do something for once.
When are a few of you going to stand up to the crazy in the WH?
Thank you for your input. Save humanity.
You Congressmen & Senators are despicable!!!  You all know what the real agenda was for the Dreamer Program!! Your all hypocrites!! 
Your all playing goody miss two shoes!!!  We all know your walkingin the MIRE!!! 
Tell that to the Divider in Chief, @SenatorLankford.
So change the law
These are not children, many are in their early 20's.
Ezekial should be quoted to all these right wing pseudo-Christians
I like how low the bar is set in OK, "but is he as bad as Inhofe?" 
Yup. How embarrassing. Even for us Oklahomans...
Nope, and we don't hold them here either.
except for Christian Republicans, who quote Exodus.
Christian Republican is an oxymoron.
@SenatorLankford 
Great words Senator. Thanks. However, Americans need you to take action.
Thank you, @SenatorLankford. This is consistent with being prolife. We shouldn't hurt children bc of the irresponsible actions of parents.
Then pass a damn law!  That's your job!
Then please, Senator Langford, lead and FIX it, and avert this cruelty.
#DefendDACA and keep the promise this nation made to these young people. We are a better nation with them.
You've gone way too far right if Lankford disagrees with you!
That correct.  We don't. This is excellent start to apply that theory.  Many other opportunities for you to do so.
Less political pandering and more action from Congress and Senate. Six months to act like adults and get it done; your on the clock!
So we reward law breakers by allowing their kids to stay here illegally ILLEGALLY you remember that word don't you Langford  you phony ?
Disagree here.
Build a Smart Gate not a Dumb Wall.
Gates need walls. And yes we need gates.
#NotSoGoodlatte
That's exactly what your president is doing. How about writing some legislation to allow them to stay home, w/no wall funding/poison pills?
Locate the parents and hold them accountable to lead their family and get legalized. Quit putting blame on @POTUS. He didn't create this.
But we do Senator.  Children suffer due to parents poor decisions.  It's commonplace.  Your motives here are simply about Senate ambitions.
This guy is an establishment guy.  He knows who butters his bread and will not disregard.  Recall is viable option.
Trump proved he's a racist in last 3 weeks
1. Stupid response to Charlottesville
2. Hate rally in Phoenix
3. Arpaio pardon
4. Ending DACA
Lucky for Eric Kushner that we don't.

Congress can fix this. The ball's in your court. We need bipartisan legislation. Fix immigration laws, NO $ to a wall, COUNTRY OVER PARTY.
So basically Pat Bintz is for open borders. She's not strong enough to admit it, but that is what she and most on the left really want.
You don't know how strong I am. I have no problem with open borders and I'm strong enough to have compassion for others. #SaveDACA
Congrats Pat. You were strong enough to admit you are against the United States Constitution and us being a sovereign nation.
Crawl back in your hole.
You first. In fact, how about your crawl across the border.
Do something then.
Do you have enough courage to say this in a vote?
We have to hold the children responsible because otherwise, the parents who used them for this will never be.
So we should hold you responsible for any crime committed by a family member because they might not be held accountable?
Your POtuS does. Stop the evil. Work for Country, not Party.
These are not 10 yr old kids
Support DACA
To late to complain, Congress had chance to solve problem. Did nothing!!!!
People must not benefit legally from an illegal act. Doesnt matter if they are American or non American. Not fair to those in line legally
DACA IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL !
END IT NOW ! AMERICAN'S
DID NOT VOTE ! THE ONE'S HERE SHOULD TAKE OUR OATH ! BACKGROUND CHECK'S !
I WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR MY CHILDREN, THATS
THE PROBLEM TODAY  NO ONE WANTS TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY!
Every crime has innocent victims. WE didn't make these illegals victims, their parents did. Now it's American children first. END DAKA!
@SenatorLankford the #gop does because #hate is the only thing the gop preaches
With tears in my eyes @SenatorLankford I pray you mean that you #DefendDREAMers. Too much heartache in our country now! Too much fear!
GOP love to talk the talk these days.
Let the pandering begin
To bad there isn't some legislative body that could do something to help them.
DACA children are like 30 years old now
When does an act become criminal?  When the knew!!  And did nothing
But we work with a president that wants to end it all for them! Oh wait he already did! GTFOH!
07031723813
If we did then half the 1% would be in prison and 45 would never have made it to the WH
We don't hold children accountable for parents who fled and tried to have a better life.
Good thing for Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr.
Pretty sure they're going through their coin purses and coffe cans as we speak looking for the $1M daddy owes for #Harvey relief 
Have the dreamers tried to obtain a citizenship or want something for nothing. Obama's fault!
My entire family of 5 is held responsible for the #traitor actions of @SenJohnMcCain over #Healthcare Hurts my children #shameonyou
Tell that to all of the black inner city kids in America.
We have a President who is a traitor, who doesn't pay taxes, who had a FAKE UNIVERSITY, who has ties Russia #notadreamer  #butanightmear
LoL Resistance with 10 followers. Still on the Russia tip. Get a life or at the very least a job!
Thank u!!
Bc if that was the case, the trump children should all be imprisoned for treason!!!
Treason? Pick up a dictionary. Look up the word. Good grief....
Pick up the constitution and read it!!!! Then you will have any standing to respond!!
Your hyperbolic over reaction is ridiculous! I know you are still crying over Hillary, but get a grip on reality.
They should hold their parents responsible and Obama for doing this illegally both parents and Obama is responsible for this mess
