How many in this group?  3-4 maybe, on a good day?  Need to rename the group, Senate RINOs. Fake, lying traitors is what they are.
pls put the people of southeast Nigeria in your prayers who are under siege by the military government of Nigeria many now dead.
And now we are remembering your promises - Wall, Repeal and Tax Reform
White Evangelical Christian Republicans named a Jacksonville School after KKK Founder Nathan Bedford Forrest, 1000's turned out when the
School Board finally voted for changing the name, after 50 years of REPUBLICAN Evangelical opposition, of the school which is 60% black.

BRING EVIL TO JUSTICE!
Do something. Then talk about courage and resolve.
of our rights have already been taken away, first by Bush than Obama.
And we'll always remember being mired in Afghanistan & our endless war in Iraq, which had nothing to do with 9/11. Thanks @GOP!
Senator, you need to address the issue of College Park MD allowing illegals to vote because they live here yet homeless American Vets can't
Please pass the Great America Agenda our President presented in primaries no more vacations until passed.

Amen. Conspiracy theories run around. Was this planned by our government? Many believe it was produced to keep us in Afghanistan.
There is a good chance that 9/11 and all other terrorist attacks are for the purpose of getting us prepared to accept a police state. Many
You're hilarious. You're terrified of Muslims, afraid of immigrants, cruel toward the poor. Unity? LOL

We will remember. #NeverForget
God Bless the United States of America and our fallen heroes.
And two wasteful, immoral wars.
Every time I see the pictures, it feels like it just happened all over again. #NeverForget911
what about NOW? FOOOOOOOLS...U "Own the place" @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @KellyannePolls @SpeakerRyan GOT NUTS? Didn't think so..asses
Why after 9/11 have you stopped caring about the American people! You are failing us! Trump is not a god or a king! Impeach him!
Why impeach?  Trump is a independent
I am switching parties them!
Impeach him for what?
RESIGN OR RETIRE
The liberals have added yet another Clinton doner to Mueller's kangaroo court!
Stand with America? None of @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr and 
HouseMajLdr,
We will never forget how you played politics with a national tragedy #neverforget
And they absolutely won because we got a traitor as a president thanks to the complicit GOP
And @GOP got a reason to take away more of our freedoms. Vote GOP out to make America great again.
Praying for you Roscoe. May Jesus Love be your story. The gospel is the good news and the making anything great comes from Jesus.
They need to do their JOB.  We the AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE.McConnell, Ryan, RINO
And look at us now...what happened?
How about you guys QUIT taking vacations, stop worrying about 800,000 illegal immigrants, fix AMERICA FOR AMERICANS..#CantfixStupid #Trump16
Indeed. NOW, TODAY, stand for what is right. STAND with our President and make a real difference for our country!
Just don't buy this got heart nonsense from you heartless oligarchs
TRAITORS! 7 YEARS YOU LIED! WE WILL VOTE YOU ALL OUT!
Instead we invaded a country that didn't attack us under false pretenses & squandered unity and goodwill post 9/11. #NeverForget
Instead of tackling terror, we spent ourselves to oblivion on war and took our own freedoms away from ourselves. Great job, government!
True! We will never forget!
And more fear
#NeverForget without @POTUS44 Bin Laden would still b around only miles from capitol of Pakistan.
Killing 1 terrorists solved nothing. Thousands took his place.
This is the reply you should have posted after Charlottesville.
Seems like we've all forgot unity and hope
To Senate GOP
We won't forget.  Now back to business. Get your ass to work!  Get trumps tax policy passed, repeal Obamacare or you will be a memory also
You mean you're not afraid of brown people?
Bannon is going to discredit the GOP entirely, unless they do it to themselves first.
Sorry, but almost entire DC forgot within the year. Who SPECIFICALLY declared war on us & why won't u utter the words 'Islamic terrorism'?
What world are you living on. We started war in mid east, left them in chaos and created more groups that hate us.We are so polarized & lost
Wish we can pass those characteristics on to congress!
We fear the Repubs! Voter suppression, gerrymandering, enrichment of 1%, racism, homophobia, xenophobia, & mysogyny.  Yes we fear the GOP!
And we got the Russians and fake news courtesy of Bannon & Trump.
1000 yrs ago, the pope sanctioned the crusades 2M people killed in 200 yrs-god of abraham shared by chrixto, jew, muslim is the problem see?
Until Donald Trump happened
 R u fucking kidding me??!! The gop hv done nothing but use scare tactics to enforce their agenda of hate & bigotry. Divide, divide, divide
REALLY? Courage to hate, Strength to disenfranchise, no compassion (Trumpcare), unity (really? - where), hope - not DACA, resolve to hurt BS
Now if only you senator's could find the same attributes.  Get behind the President with your PUBLIC display of your support.
You sniveling GOP pussies are as far from courage, strength, compassion, unity, hope, and resolve as a groundhog on a sunny 2/2 day.
& now it's time to step up and end the 2001 #AUMF. Do your duty to stop endless war. Try to use some some conservative values please.
Unity?  Did I you and Lame Duck decided to include dems and independents in meetings and discussions? Did you decide to become honorable?
#PraiseGodWeTogetherareone!
Where is America’s unity NOW?
Do the job We the People voted you to do! REPEAL and replace Obamacare Tax Reform Immigration reform!!
This brought our nation together like never before!!! no political parties no bullshit.We came together as Americans!!!!
20 TRILLION in #DEBT scared?
THAT MEANS LOKO NOKO HAS TO GO TO RETREAT MODE! & DO DMG CTRL & SCAM A BAILOUT!
you've been pushing fear every single day since.
Let's now focus on the task at hand
Actually, what we got from the GOP was the start of endless wars in the Middle East. A totally disastrous decision by Bush.
Who wanted us to fear? Dick Cheney, George W. Bush, Donald Rumsfeld, Conda Lisa rice? They want perpetual war

#11septembre2001
LA BRIGADE REND HOMMAGE AUX POMPIERS NEWYORKAIS
The Paris fire brigade honors NEW YORK FIREFIGHTERS 
No, they got exactly what they wanted: the United States to bankrupt itself on perpetual war in Afghanistan, just like the soviets did
So back to misappropriation of tax payer money?
So unify yourselves and pass the agenda us voters wanted when we elected POTUS it not about you its America!
We got none of that from the @gop. We got only eternal war.
but they also WON...because a portion of the population is frightened to death of Muslims...and we have turned on each other...
Actually, they did get fear. And paranoia, unfortunately. And now @realDonaldTrump
How about going to work and build the wall...NOW !!
From.  Republicans, Democrats and non-alilgned.
No, your president pretty much got his job by relentlessly stoking those fears. To pretend otherwise is shameful.
Charlie Yoder honoring the brave and the fallen.  Destin, FL
No-You made our borders wide open and filled our cities with Muslims that call us infidels! We have not forgotten
Yet u've forgotten courage, strength, compassion and unity and r trying to steal others' hope & resolve. U shame all who died. #NeverForget
I fear what the GOP is trying to do
The GOP pushes fear every day, serving the terrorists. Then, you deny the greater threat of climate change. Shame.
Nice. What are you doing these days to promote courage, strength, compassion, unity, hope, and resolve?
Fear gave us the Patriot Act which is the greatest threat to constitutional rights since voter suppression which you also support.
Some times I wonder if people died in horrible attack all this death in there honnor. so much death caused by this not going bring them back
The GOP is all about fear
Until you requested to support their losses with cash then oh no
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-investigations/republican-attempt-to-deflect-trump-russia-probes-could-backfire-sources-idUSKCN1BM25G … this is what we fear
Your party hopefully will be voted out in 2018/20. Your party is trying to hide the Russian Interference. Shame on you.
And bush got us into s never ending war.
OK cool! NOW DO YOUR JOBS!!!!!!
Who are "they"?? Never heard you call it by the name.
As a matter of fact, what we got was the deepest divide in this country since the Civil War. And Trump. We lost.
We WILL NEVER forget and we SHOULD NEVER forget.  God Bless!
We will never forget how republicans cozied up to trump as he mocked disabled reporter, bragged about grabbing women, loved on the kkk
Jones...PRAYING you  find the  truth and Love your seeking in the  Jesus. Everyone is homeless without Jesus
True, however now there are those who would tear us apart!
Always remember: ONE NATION
WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL!!!
ااتاللالتوببا
Where was our protection when this happened ? We will never forget the day our Government and Military let us down !
Oh please! You gave these people weapons, money, support, homes, welfare,foodstamps and rights turning your backs on the people that died.
You are complicit to Treason The Trump Crime Family hacked our Democracy and you are enabling it
The pillars of the New Republican Party
Corruption Racism Sexism Treason
Who is worse the criminal or the enabler

We will always remember it was an inside job.  Research WTC Tower 7 - controlled demolition just like Towers 1&2.
I will never forgive the GOP for letting this happen to this great country. 3000 innocent U.S. citizens perished because of GOP incompetence
Yes.  We will always remember how American's were murdered by those elected to protect and serve them.  We are Strong!  We do not Fear you!
the biggest threat to us now is our REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT
Hahahahaha... oh wait you were being serious.
Compassion*

*Unless you are Hispanic, someone from the middle east or black.
They wanted us to fear. Instead, they got courage, strength, compassion, unity, hope, and resolve.
US 2016-2017 Republican President RESIGN
@SenateMajLdr LOL that's why we now have the TSA and homeland security. You allowed the CIA to shrink after the cold war ended
We will never forget the fallen heroes nor forget you covered 9/11 up! #WTC7
No, actually the @GOP became the American Taliban
And led us to start two of the dumbest wars in our history that have cost us more blood and treasure than the hijackers could ever dream.
"We the people" will always remember members of the BUSH/CHANEY WARMONGERS  indicted by the HAGUE World Court for CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY.
13 PDBs warned them about TERRORISTS in USA learning to fly planes into tall bldgs. But did the BUSH WARMONGERS check flight schools? NO!
YOU wanted us to fear and still do. WE will always remember you were complicit then as now. #NeverForget
My ass !
It's you guys we need to fear.
Omg! Russia mocks US Intel for sleeping while Russia elected Trump. Not even hiding this anymore #TrumpRussia https://www.youtube.com/embed/1qLxLOv7LWg?start=3114 …
We've given up so much of our freedom over the last 16 years out of fear it's hard to argue the terrorist didn't win on 9/11
AND cut taxes for the wealthy as quickly as possible.
Any tax cut will by definition be going to "the rich" since they pay the vast amount of income taxes anyway.
Yet, oddly enough, tax cuts/investments for the poor and middle class generate significantly more economic activity. They spend all of it.
@SenateMajLdr Too bad GOP doesn't have same courage
I don't think the GOP has any right to be preaching courage, strength, compassion, or hope.
And an ill advised, unnecessary invasion of Iraq. But the private contractors came out smelling like a rose. Good job, GOP!
Too bad that sentiment does not apply to you today @SenateGOP @HouseGOP. Show leadership in face of DJT's admin of xenophobia, misogyny, etc
Except when they need your help. Then you can't forget them fast enough.
Never forget ... please stop your tweeting ...you know most of the first responders are sick from the dust ...but you want to crush ACA !!!
And again, we will always remember that time America almost turned into a Russian puppet regime.

The only thing the people fear is you folks screwing the American people by giving out amnesty and blocking trumps agenda
WISCONSIN WILL BE BADLY HURT UNDER TRUMPCARE:

Now we just need the Republicans to honor the memory of those from 9/11 and take action today for all Americans.
Stop lying. We (Republicans) are the most scared of "them". Or at least our newly recruited voters post-Trump
No, they got fear. They got neighbor to fear neighbor. To fear refugees in need of shelter. To fear what makes us great. They are winning.
I know. That was true then. Now we seem to act like scared children. Time to put on our big boy pants.
Your party kills people in the name of oil, #neverforget
Never forget 
Courage,Strength, Compassion! America We must #NeverForget 9/11
lol @ republicans tryna gaslight us. You've been trying to exploit fear ever since and you know it. It's the republican brand.
And a war that won't end.
And yet you @SenateGOP refuse to help @POTUS secure our borders. We know the Left hates the U.S. and everything it stands for but why do you
Go take your meds please.
@SenatorBurr And look where we are today. Trump is a disgrace.
Oh we're definitely afraid. Every decision we make, from immigration to national security to dropping bombs is rooted in fear.
the Bush crime family created 911 the bush crime family created Alqueda the bush crime family belong in prison lock them up now
If you believe this why are all of your policies based on fear and bigotry towards others?
You're wrong. The @GOP feeds on the fear and highlights whenever possible the dangers brown immigrants pose. You need fear for votes.
Not listening to the @SenateGOP anymore!! We only want action to get Tax Reform, Healthcare, and Imigration fixed!!
Senate does a good job of getting their face on TV, but do a terrible job getting things accomplished!!
This country is no longer the "home of the brave".  It's the home of the fearful...exactly as you people want it.
We will never forget those who died at Benghazi on this day also. Though the Dems would like for us to forget them..
Never forget too

Tax forms  all American
Limit  government  time
Unfortunately not from you; thank God this was not the Congress or administration then!
then remember we want you to repeal and replace Obamacare, do tax reform, and fund the wall. Do trumps agenda
Just remember to spend the budget on things that truly help the American people, not to enrich your donors
And saddest of all..they put the US into a permanent war mode. The needless Iraq invasion, 16 yrs Afghanistan, torture, Patriot Act, & more.
That was Cheney's "Plan For the New American Century" all along.
The American people will always remember. Senate Republicans seem to have other priorities.
And I'll #NeverForget how the GOP, under Bush, fed the fires of fearfulness and used that panic to lie the country into a trillion-$$$ war.
Four years  long
https://twitter.com/brianklaas/status/905442975370670081 …
Say the asshats that cant even repeal that pos healthcare bill.
No, what they got was fear. We launched the Patriot Act, NSA, TSA, and two wars all out of fear. And it has made the world more dangerous.
And bullshit like the Patriot Act and government by intimidation. Give me a break, you're as pure as the driven garbage.
I know that I will #NeverForget how much the @GOP resisted paying for medical care for the first responders who suffered problems from 9/11
#NeverForget
Wish we could say the same for our Senate. Do what you were elected to do
The fear worked and Bin Laden got what he envisioned -- a divided nation
Does the GOP remember that the attacks were carried out in the name of Allah?  Or are we to pretend Islam had nothing to do with it?
It is you that wants us to fear. It is you that wants us so weary of government we don't pay attention, or vote. #GObsoleteP
You care about this date purely because your base, whether duped or complicit, may be manipulated thereby. #GObsoleteP
Your every cloying syllable on the subject is a spritz of urine in the face of everyone that values something beyond themselves' #GObsoleteP
Were you honestly Christian you'd repent, not keep selling the future of life as we know it for a bigger chicken feed portion. #GObsoleteP
@GOP @realDonaldTrump @VP @USAGSessions  U are the biggest threat to our nation and democracy.
And you still can't accomplish a thing.
We will never forget.
That describes everyone EXCEPT senate republicans.
Then stand up to @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @BlackCaucusYDA @DNC and all of America's enemies working against our @POTUS!  Trump is our voice!
9/11 can happen again!  Stand United with "we the people" and @POTUS we are one in the same!
Oh, if only that were true.
We should have reacted as little as possible.
Instead, the whole country upended itself.
What I really fear is a Repub Congress that doesn't have the cahones & courage to do what they promised during their reelection campaigns
