Seems to me these were illegal wire taps, therefore any evidence obtained from such taps, would be insubmissible.
Why does it seem to you they were illegal? They were obtained through FISA court order.
If the FISA order was issued under false pretense, it is illegal. It is wrong to use the power of the Feds to arbitrarily spy on citizens.
The FISA court isn't made up of a bunch of easily fooled stooges. These are career non partisan professionals at the top of their profession
I think corruption can infect all levels of government and political motivation can cloud anyone's judgement. That is what I and others see.
What I see is willful blindness to mounting evidence of corruption. Start w/ he lied about 0 RU connections. Why lie?
Samantha Power sought to unmask Americans on almost daily basis, sources say
Samantha Power's job was to unmask Americans caught on intelligence intercepts with foreigners suspected of being spies.
Unacceptable! Who is responsible for wire tapping American citizens? A serious investigation is necessary! AG Sessions where are you?
FBI got FISA warrant to tap Manafort's phones in 2014- WAAAY before the election, which requires demonstration of probable cause to a court.
While true, it's also true the warrant expired early 2016 due 2 lack of evidence. Then was renewed when Manafort became campaign manager.
deny the climate change while graphic 3rd hurricane rages beneath you even on fox. Never will I trust #GOP again
It's called weather. NOONE has produced any proof these hurricanes related 2 climate change. If you have proof bring it forward.
I can't help willful ignorant denial on your part. This denial really did start with cow farts. Goodlord
It's doubt not denial. How much is human vs natural? How much CO2 takes 2 raise? What other pollutants contribute? IPCC admitted don't know
What did Obama know and when did he know it?
*Paul Manafort committed a crime, DOJ attempted to prove it, which is their job*

There, fixed the headline for you, Fox
Shouldn't the government will be investigating people who may have committed crimes?
What crime? The Dems colluding w Ukraine? If Trump/Russia collusion, why did Russians provide the info 4 discredited dossier?
What????? So you condone Russian meddling in our political process and being helped by interlopers wanting to make $$$$ from it?????
Quite a jump from questioning validity of wire taps 2 condoning Russian meddling. There is proof of Dems & Ukraine collusion.
A judge issues those warrants. That is oversight. You just want political control.
1)There is established law regarding the acquisition of an electronic surveillance warrant. Even tho, municipal & county govt abuses this
2)there's no reason 2 believe the federal govt did. If they didn't follow the law; it wld b obvious by a lack of court records. This 1's a
3) total non-issue. Public officials r obligated 2 uphold the law/ethics& follow protocols.otherwise they're useless. We have ppl within the
4)Trump admin that do not respect or follow the law. As a sitting Congressional member at the time; records & disclosure of any foreign
5)contacts shld b a matter of public record as well as standard rules. Yet, he still holds the office of USA AG? Why wld there b such a need
6)a need 2 have Congressional oversight? Y'all politicize every issue, so no, u make laws. The Justice Dept is in charge of enforcement &
7)investigation of suspected criminals and the mechanisms 2 bring them 2 justice. That's why it's difficult 2 understand why Sessions is AG!
I think the real issue here is the need to vet our presidential candidates more thoroughly. This is on Trump and his supporters.
Please Senator Lankford save our country, climate and healthcare from your party and president
You sold your soul to the Koch money network? Support the abhorrent potus till you do your part destroy real lives
You love to see yourself on TV. 
Wish you were actually representing your humble constituents. FOX NEWS? REALLY?
What we truly need is oversight over the whole Republican party and potus..
You know, you voted YEA on the FISA Amendment Act of 2008. You also voted YEA on PATRIOT Act.
You basically authorized these wiretaps!
Crooked corrupt FBI and DOJ! Along with Obama and Susan Rice! Disgusting!
ABUSE OF POWER  @DNC 
as an american, you should be oversiting your own communications, guverment never trustworthy. #ENCRYPTION.
We need to hold the ones who did it accountable and bring justice to their victims
You got it brother and the quicker the better. They answer to no one which means they can break the law and avoid detection. Anything goes.
Most of the intelligence community subscribes to DUALITY so they can tell the truth or a lie at will. TSA is full of these dispicable people
They screw good employees out of benefits, retirement, employment, etc. Under the auspices of raising the moral consciousness of society.
They don't cause enough trouble in politics now they have to go after people's jobs, Relationships, Real Estate, Finances, etc.
They sit back and get rich by causing misery to the unsuspecting public. When you lose theyre first to know and profit. Insider Trading!!!!
take action now as to Obama role in this !
Totally legal, of course. Russian intel collusion with GOP candidate? Probably not legal.
Lankford, why ru defending a russian agent? when ur a Russian agent running a presidential campaign, u qualify for a wiretap.
Senator Lamebrain Sir ... That directive came from obama ... you know it and so do we 2018
You can not get a FISA warrant without going to a judge and having evidence..conclusive evidence..
While @SenatorLankford goes along with 45 and the repeal of the ACA let me remind everyone
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4664397/clint-watts-3302017 … let me remind you Senator of your own hearing..Truth is truth..and you have become Russian Trump sellout
Tell the full story..2014 was the first time Manafort was tapped and watched..Russians are in the WH and again your complicit
seems Donald J. Trump was correct, and should be owed an apology by his detractors
Where is the video of Michael caputo???
Big time. Clean house. Reign them in. We the people are THEIR boss!
In a 2016 Joint Venture China was given the Intel over to China I read on the internet?
Then why the hell arn't you doing it?
Well, didn't Reagan fire the Air Traffic Controllers back in the eighty's ?
There better be real legal  justification for this wiretap and not some made up crap to get the warrant. I'm assumimg there was a warrant.
Let's "assign" Russia 2 do the wiretapping. Cut out middleman (FBI)
There was oversight. Just because you didn't know about it, doesn't mean jack. Who are you anyway and what is your need to know?
Does it get more embarrassing every day harrassing Potus with nonsense probes?
Must end section 702! #End702 @SenatorLankford
KB HOMES never buy one of those cheap homes. THE CEO IS DISGRACEFUL
Where is that racist Sessions? He is sucking Trump again - lol
Not that we legally caught a CROOK or anything  - typical Faux News
Like Lankford but time for jail for these people and strip their cusuy pensions! America waiting for action, tired of talk!
Looks like the influence to sway the election came from democrats with power
Yea. They had a warrant. From a judge.
Is Langford Kompromat too?
His wire was taped because there was evidence of a crime. I know he's your boy but wow the hipocracy.
So that's what upsets you #SenatorLankford ? Keep,supporting our #NationalDisgrace ! Shame on u & #GOP #WAKEUPGOP Its over. #MuellerTime
Obama let them all run wild..Banks opening fake accounts.S.s. with hookers.. Horrible
So you DO support Trump and his minions. Just say it.
Have no doubt that the BO admin did much more than Watergate. And HRC did same
no. no oversight. who else will discover what a bunch of lying, thieving crooks that our elected official are thru out our country.
Round them all up, get the facts, now! Should not take 12-14 months. Get to work, that's what you are there for. Do it now, we're waiting...
Pour Diesel on the swamp, throw a lit zippo on it, then drain it. Elect patriots to pander to Americans, and support their efforts to MAGA
This spin ain't gonna work.
CRIMINAL CLINTONS OWN THE DOJ,,,,,,
Really gee brilliant
The wiretap was legally obtained. What’s wrong with you?
Not the second one. Read NYT article.
The second one was legal too. Both were under FISA courts.
Guess who authorized these types of secret wiretaps? James Lankford.
Yet Clapper and Rice denied. So who's left?
I don't think you understand. FISA authorized it. Who requested? That could be anyone. Hundreds of people could request warrant
But who? Bet dollars to donuts it came from high up?
yeah. Sure. After the election, Obama wanted that secret intel on who was going to be president. 
Really, just oversight! No investigation, charges filed!
FISA is oversight in itself it would seem.
So, um, who authorized FISA?
that would be congress in the FISA act of 1978
I'm pretty sure Sen. Lankford voted to reauthorize FISA in 2008.
What are you accomplishing with your committee?  Nothing. Someone needs to protect us and y'all don't seem interested.
Go for and clean out FBI who colluded with Comey to go after our President before he was ever sworn in.
Idiots
There are layers of oversight...
If the GOP isn't concerned about Trump's involvement with Russia, what do they care about Intel operations ?
Excellent point.
Tick tick tick....
Fake news
Or the need for a special intelligence surveillance court that must grant such wiretaps based on probable cause. Let's call it FISA!
Hello! Like what exactly do these people think "oversight" means? It was somebody's job to order the damn wiretap.
Exactlu.
Ya think so??? I swear these politicians just keep getting smarter and smarter.
Wiretapping is done all the time. You just feel bad for your corrupt buddies getting caught up. Oh well, life.

Not even the FBI could have predicted in 2014 that @realDonaldTrump would be stupid enough to pick CORRUPT Manafort as his campaign manager!
So if the FBI , did this and they didnt find anything.  According to the Trump's. The FBI did nothing wrong.
Tell me why Trump hired a Campaign manager who had his first FISA in 2014
DING! DING! DING!
tick tick tick.....
FISA. The same wiretap oversight system for decades.
Dear Senator,  you already have oversight. Duh.
And the POS Clapper needs to be prosecuted, he not only lied to the American people, but lied to Congress
How about not hiring Russian spies ?
When I turn on the lights and the cockroachs run.....u still step on them 
Manafort was colluding with #Russia so there was reason for it. You @GOP just want to commit crimes w/o anyone watching. #TrumpRussia
Trump feels the same way I'm sure, how convenient.
Manafort was tapped because of suspected Russian collusion. More evidence every day. This guy is only sorry they got caught.

Nothing here
We NEED oversight? Aren't you guys supposed to BE oversight? Holy crap!
Not of FBI/NI/CIA...
Am I hearing this correctly? A conservative wants oversight and regulation of something?
Guess James doesn't believe those in the US (especially GOP affiliated) can be criminal
Lol
Let me repeat: don't speak with adversarial foreign country intelligence agents and you won't get wiretapped.
Oh so they aren't supposed to record crooks?  Catch them?  I thought you were for law and order?
The whole OBAMA administration is a cheat, CORRUPT and liars!!!
We need oversight over this corrupt administration, including GOP. They are out of control, might cause irreparable damage to America.
Yeah.. we gotta make sure GOP and Trump crimes remain secret
Obama probably got the authority for the wire tap by using the Steele report??
Fox ! Twitter blacked out this report
Everytime @FoxNews has an Anchorwoman toss her hair a person loses their health insurance
Maybe there was a reason he was tapped?
Actually no, the executive branch needs more oversight and he should be doing his job more.manafort and trump are dirty crooks

Wrong. Already checks and balances in place.
So wiretapping all the way back to 2014 and no charges? Just another #NothingBurger
We wiretap bad guys, whats the problem?
You guys going to continue dancing around the "tip" of Russia with this wire tapping BS?
POTUS was right!!! Mainstream media mocked him and people lied.
They obtained a FISA warrant first which means they had probable cause. That is how it is suppose to work.
Illegal wire taps. So who's going to prison for it?
Will there be oversight over the oversight?
which is suprising given most innocent people fear it
Why is there no completion date on these investigations?  The Republicans are in charge of everything but they can't complete anything.

Um...then maybe don't do something wildly illegal. Tell Manafort that
I bet Lankford would have liked to know of the wiretapping before he made calls to Manafort.
Why so it can leak to Trump accomplices?
Trump need to fire all the corrupt liberals & through some of them in jail
These twits are worried about the wiretaps and not the impending indictments? That's rich.
These twits are soon to become Mueller's Rat Pack team, as more low fruit starts to lawyer up. (Of which most can't afford)
Bull crap just you can bog them down. You guys no nothing of what they do
.#USA It's being used as a weapon against Americans! Congress should destroy it immediately!
How do you think we win wars or know when our country is in danger? You think they don't use this on ISIS? Get a fricken clue lol.
Has it occurred to these idjits they were tapping Russian targets & Manafort happened to be talking to them? Didn't anyone watch hearings?
Lol.... no... Lol #FauxNews
Oh for Pete's sake. It was a legal FISA warrant. It's no ones fault but trumps that he's on the tapes: we know you by the friends you keep
@SenatorBurr @LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @GOPoversight @HouseJudiciary @realDonaldTrump
.#USA electronic surveillance & collection of "foreign intelligence information" between "foreign powers" & "agents of foreign powers.
No never iam shocked
We need "oversight" over all elected officials & bureaucrats, & all the other swindlers, conmen & defrauders of our government.
Sen Lankford admit it You have NO POWER, NO OVERSIGHT & U will be next to be wiretapped by OUR NEW KGB former FBI!!!
Oh James, just when I was starting to have a little faith in you! Your continued support of this criminal of a President is appalling!
.#USA Long past time 2 END Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 ("FISA" Pub.L. 95–511, 92 Stat. 1783, 50 U.S.C. ch. 36) 4 physical/


I am not sure what is worse, a bot or an idiot. I would guess ladyjillian12 is a russian bot.


Got something to hide senator?
Manafort got caught in a crime. His wiretapping was legal & went through the proper channels. Please investigate all you want. Mueller is.

Nyet comrade.
Except there was oversight.  The FISA court. The secret court created by the right in response to 9-11.
Um they had a warrant lmao. Trump supporters are so stupid. 

#ResignNowTrump 
@realDonaldTrump
For a court works. What's the problem here?
Guess Trump was right all along
Senator Langford oversight is one thing. Following through to the end and holding all responsible including the person in charge must happen
Senator Langford the American people want justice we the people demand it Clapper is a pathological liar its time  2hold him accountable
MSM know there is nothing to the Russia story other than the dubious legality of prior admins actions in doing taps hence the histrionics
Yeah Yeah Yeah

Nyet comrade. Nice try.
Well that sounds exactly like what a guilty person would say.
Yea, no kidding. What about the IRS, FBI, CIA etc etc. we thought u had oversight? Clearly, u lacked the balls to hold them to account
We need to stop this fucking rape of america! Mueller and his Democrat team of socialists must go!! He needs to be investigated! Prosecutor?
Yo boobs! You must go in front a Panel of judges to get a FISA wiretap ! Why do you insist in misleading your addicts ?

Not true ! That! Is fake news and republicans love to cry foul . It's not HOW THE INFORMATION WAS GOT! It's the content ! Remember that
Republicans cry foul? It is how the info was got! Let them spy on you. Do you lead a perfect life? They are watching!!!
Why? All the committees in congress & yet what have they done? Also not one for Clinton, Comey & Rice. Why is that Mr Lamkfprd? Protect who?
Yes, and a Secret Police force like the KGB or the Gestopo to make sure all of Trump's mob get away with their collusion conspiracy.

Get Sessions & Rosenstein out; put someone w/out stench or bias in. Sounds like God asking if there is anyone sinless. No. Try for honesty.
Honesty? From the Trump administration? 
Certainly u must be joking? What? Your not? 
Typical Trump supporting stench w/a dash of RW bias.
All criminals wish they could police themselves so why stop at just politicians then corrupt clown guy?
.

We have FISA oversight! It's just that we, the people, have no control of do-whatever-it-takes Dems & scared-shitless pearl-clutcher GOP.
Ha ha ha too funny
So the FBI knew manafort was dirty all along. No surprises here. We all knew he was going to jail.  

#ResignNowTrump 
@realDonaldTrump
Yes we need more congressional delays in the process.
Oversight?  To make sure warrants aren't used against people you like?
Let's wait for the indictment of Manafort and see what the FBI got.
What’s THIS one hiding? 
Manafort was wiretapped long before the election or trump's campaign. Stop trying to spin a false narrative.
When you commit treason don't be surprised you are being recorded.
Um, mind explaining why? FISA warrants are only granted for severe reasons. Don't make excuses for Paul Manafort
no 99 % get approved.
Martha no one can destroy it. They destroy it's self by trying. This will be a 24 year rule. Trump pense Haley.  Trump family stands on us
Not as big a concern when you don't have criminals like Comey & Lynch in positions of power.
Uh, warrant
No one is above the law. Not even Trump and those who supported him in his campaign.
That's what the Republicans wants so that they could cover up what Trump/Russia did
BTW! Russia Federation just drops USD. China is next. Without Petrodollar USA economy will collapse in few years. Good luck
One RW campaign manager gets wiretapped as a result of a legal warrant and other RW'ers want to change the rules? Soft on crime
Really?
We HAVE oversight, Buckwheat.
What you need is a Special Prosecutor to investigate all of Obama's people.  Mueller is on a witch hunt.
When does this end @SenatorLankford ?  Tired of your shit leadership.

Mueller is coming.
Who will watch the watcher?
Caught up
The corrupt checking up on the corrupt. What's wrong with this picture?
WITH YOU PELL
