Just the way it use to be before millions of women took their rights back from pastie faced white men.
I have no faith in you to ever do what is right for all people. You act only for those who donate to your campaign. #ReproRights #Hypocrite
Is it a reproductive right to have someone else pay for birth control. Or is it just something people want to not have to pay for? #bc
Should health ins really make someone else pay for your chemo/Prozac/back surgery? Or is it just something you want to not have to pay for?
Cancer killed my first wife.  Planned Parenthood did NOTHING to help.
I'm sorry about your wife. @PPact helps women with regular checkups & does cancer screenings often catching the disease early, saving lives.
I am ready for honest answers.  How many PP clinics offer abortions? How many PP clinics offer mammograms?
Phil, I don’t think you are ready for honest answers as @PPact has those facts readily available yet you ignore them just as the @GOP does.
This information is available. Here in Colorado, almost every location offers abortion services whether medical or in-clinic.
VIAGRA.  PENIS PUMPS.
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM.
Plz OK women, stand up against these evangelical hypocrites. Teach ur girls about ur fight for womens rights against people like Lankford.
Since the Christian Science believe that sickness is an illusion that can be corrected by prayer alone, can they deny all medical care?
Allowing an employer's religious beliefs to be forced on their employees is the OPPOSITE of what the 1st Amendment protects.
Birth control should not come under religious freedom.  It should be identified as a medical issue and not mandated by politicians.
http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/michigan/2017/10/06/rape-victim-attacker-joint-child-custody/106374256/ … living the faith of the GOP???
Can they also deny vasectomies and Viagra or is this just aimed at women?
I suppose if an employer is a Jehovah's Witness then they can refuse to allow insurance that covers blood transfusions or surgery?
Evidence indicates that this decision will lead to more teen pregnancies and abortion. Not to mention harming those who need BC for health.
I remember when abortion was unlawful.  Those were not the good old days.  Planned Parenthood is not the answer!
You are mistaken. This is government allowing religious oppression. Now employees’ benefits can be controlled by beliefs of their bosses.
You tell em' , Robbie !!!!!
Yeah!  You keep blowing that Bold Democrat smoke screen and push us toward anarchy.
The bold democratic smoke screen is a blue wave of actual American voters who choose at the ballot box. Things are changing.
Good!  Things need to change.  When  the Bold Democrats trash the Bill of Rights I will probably be dead.  Past caring!
Lankford & friends will be the first to obtain abortions for their 14 yr old grand daughter when she ends up pregnant.If ur poor, forget it
When Lankford isn't doing a happy dance celebrating women's loss of healthcare, he enjoys taxing the middle class and working for the rich.
@SenatorLankford Thinks his constituents are morons. He thinks we are IDIOTS.
As long as your donors and you get to decide how anyone lives. I’d love to see your judgement day. I’ll bring popcorn. The flames will pop..
If your faith is conservative Christianity?
The Jehovah Witnesses don't believe in blood transfusions, can they opt out of covering those or is this really just an attack on women?
you are misrepresenting what this bill says
Stop calling yourself a Christian! There is no way you follow the teachings of Christ. Hypocrite & a liar. You also support Trump's lies!
Fairy tales shouldn't dictate social policies in a rational world. Religion is the truest form of fake news humanity has ever known.
Why aren't you outraged that Trump attacked Oklahoma's health care?
Ability to make decisions about your own reproductive timing is a human right.
Together with the right to pay for it.  I am Pro-Choice.  Woman’s right to choose.  Taxpayer/employer right to not pay.
What about the ability to live in a country free of illegal immigrants who take American jobs and taxpayers subsidize?
$135 Billion yearly cost of illegal immigrants to taxpayers. $135 Billion provides free college for all or rebuild inner cities. America 1st
All lies spread by FAKE FOX NEWS, FOX BOT!
Stop shoving ur religion on others. We have FREEDOM FROM RELIGION. U sir are nothing but the American Taliban in action and nothing more.
#WhiteIsis no moral turpitude here just pure hate you sir are an abomination to the word Christian
#NotMyPresident #notmyAmerica you and the @GOP have rolled back civil rights to 1950 and I fought your bullshit then and I will keepfighting
This is not the ability to live your faith. This is the ability to openly discriminate against anyone who is different than yourself.
Religious Freedom you always had and I had the right you didn't shove yours down my throat. Hypocrite more money for @GOP to hide
You have now opened the door for every domestic abuser to kill his wife. No abortions, no BC, not equal in the work place, 0 child ins.
And yet the @GOP is thinking they are giving is #ReligiousFreedom??? Forcing people to believe the way you do is #WhiteShariaLaw
#ReligiousFreedom does not give me the right to my own body..this is #WhiteShariaLaw I fought for the right to birth control in the 60's,70s
Lankford is a southern baptist & they don't consider women equal to men. What did you expect OKLA? He thinks he's on mission from Gd.
Until we can vote you & the Evangelist Alt Right out of office our only choice is to boycott companies discriminating against women
This is Mississippi today
2) vs the health and well being of a woman since bc pills are often used to help women with other female problems.
1) I am tired of men trying to control a woman’s reproductive choices, but pay for that little blue pill for men. The need of an erection
Dude, what is wrong with you! This is the government suppressing women in the name of religion. God hates injustice done in His/Her name.
This isn't religious freedom..this is forcing YOUR religion down the throats of every female in our country! Shame on you!
1/2 Employers have no business deciding what insurance companies should or should not pay for they are NOT medical professionals!
Bait and switch. You do this every time the gun control debate comes up. Every single time. #shameonyou
As is the right to kneel or stand in protest or respect.... I applaud you applauding that right.
I'll be quietly waiting for you to vote the same way on viagra
Sounds like u think what a woman can and cannot do is a man's choice. Its time for you to go. 
Is now the right time to talk about gun control?
Okla schools don’t have the $ for security. The kids are sitting ducks. But Lankford doesn’t want to talk about it.
Amen.
Agree Senator. Baffled at responses against it. It’s a basic issue of LIBERTY/FREEDOM. So many people want to give away their freedoms. 
Living your faith is one thing, and forcing others to conform to your faith is another.
Btw your religion ends where my body begins!
Good God people! Get out and vote these fools out!
Now watch the price of birth control skyrocket.
Contraceptives are readily available and inexpensive, libtards should stop trying to force others to pay their choices.
Let's cut programs that help children get a leg up too.
Yeah, more unwanted children
Your statement is like pretending to buttering both sides of the bread while knowing you only actually buttered one side. Laughable.
Can't be forced to pay for contraceptives, but can be forced to have a baby. Awesome
You're not fooling anyone, Senator.
Religion is a fairy tale.
I agree...
But is that the only thing in this #ReligiousFreedom bill? That's the question.
So you are okay with employers forcing their religious beliefs upon their employees?
How much did the Greens pay you?
You don't care about religious freedom. You're causing abortions by denying access to contraception. GOP causes abortions.
The GOP war on women continues unabated.
Why should YOUR perversion of the Christian faith have any affect on my employment or insurance? And STILL you give 0 fcuks about CHIP.
You only call your brand of Christian Sharia #religiousfreedom. Those of us who suffer the consequences of your beliefs don’t feel more free
I would applaud the action of Your Resignation. Ok
did not vote for you to betray legal citizens.U took an oath of
office to uphold the law?
Forcing your faith on another is not an American right. We’ve got to vote you out, Senator.
Really?? This is shameful.
RINO resign.  No amnesty.
What about all the women who rely on BC as medicine to control endometriosis, cysts & hormone issues? Do they not matter?
And you voted against health care for pregnant women.  Shame.  Your terrible plan wouldn't even cover the fetus and mother.  What a fraud !
Yes. YOUR FAITH YOUR BODY. UNLIKE YOUR HYPOCRISY . Why should your faith decide my body?
The same man who molest children ,have mistresses, abort babies have gay sex in bathrooms. Get to tell others what they can do ?
Ability to live your life is an American right.  Get out of my body and my healthcare decisions #womensrightsarehumanrights
