Yes Senator Lankford, please pray for my family as we deal w/ the death of our son who died because of politicians not caring 4 our kids.
I'm deeply sorry your loss. xx
Thank you
how old was your soon?
He would be 3 June 27
Please take very good care of you! if no one has said they love you today, I love you.
Thank you so much.
Do you pray for the kids with medical issues that you screwed over yesterday so you can pass on enormous tax cuts to your rich friends?
We're all praying you vote "no" on the healthcare bill coming your way. #AHCA
if u pray, it will only get worse...
Btw, where in the #Bible did Jesus say, "sorry, can't help you bc of your #preexistingconditions.. tax cuts for the rich, though!"...? #AHCA

You're kidding right? There aren't enough prayers to help you guys!
couldn't bring yourself 2tweet about yesterday? #lawtonindivisable Jesus said love ea other as urself. You voted 2 KEEP ur ins TAKE ours!
we tried praying that you wouldn't turn into a progressive RINO. Oh well.
praying you get the same healthcare insurance you're willing to give the people #pray4that
I pray you don't say yes to AHCA.
Of course OK one of the states most likely to throw citizens under the pre-existing conditions bus. Yeah us!
Unfortunately, the state GOP reps always seem to be in competition with the federal GOP reps for least human decency through legislation
How about praying for the millions you are so gleefully getting ready to kick off of healthcare? Rape is NOT a preexisting condition #voteno

@Lankford, I pray that the Senate is smarter than the House and DO NOT vote For this healthcare bill!
My faith in God is strong. My confidence in you and your lack of decisive, moral, constituency-based leadership is the problem.
Amen @Dolchok! These religious righties have co-opted Christ for their personal gain. My faith in Christ won't be tainted by  them.
Sen Lankford.  May the God of Israel ever watch over the United States of America.  Shabbat Shalom from Jerusalem, ISRAEL, Lowell
Jesus prayed for the poor. Your party just voted to kill them in order to give the rich more money.
Millions praying you reject #AHCA and tell @HouseGOP to work on reforms to #ACA to expand HC access instead of reducing it. #NoConscience?
Amen!
Will god cure our pre-existing?
That's the real GOP healthcare plan: "Just keep praying, just keep praying..."
@senJamesInhofe you listening? You constituents want a NO vote from both of you because prayer will not cover their health care needs
Pray about how you will vote on #TrumpCare
We're going to need all the prayers we can get if you help pass #AHCA
I pray that you won't vote to take away health insurance from those who most need it. But, you probably will.
Re repealing ACA: Our most vulnerable citizens are going to be suffering the most. If any legislator votes for this, it’s unconscionable.
You're taking away healthcare from the sick and poor and calling yourself a Christian. How disgusting. #shameonyou #impeach
Your support of the ACA repeal is appalling.  Millions losing affordable health insurance.  For Shame Sir!  #RESIST
Pray for your own shriveled soul.
Actions over words sir. GOP actions have said a lot to women today and it was all bad.
Brilliant. Beautiful. Blessed. 1000 Amens!
Thanks to your #GOP friends I'm going to have to pray for good health #Healthcarekillers @realDonaldTrump #Failure
I try my hardest not to be an edgy atheist, but c'mom man can we stop with these reminders to pray? It's getting annoying.
Thank you Senator Lankford!
Are you praying that no one ever gets raped again, because their insurance company can now block their treatments? God hears that, too.
join me today in praying you dont win the next election
Thank you for supporting this President on 1st phase of healthcare I do not agree with all aspects of this bill but it is a start !
How bout you pray for the House to develop a conscience! They voted to take HC away from 24 million. They need an exorcism! #ACARepeal
I'm praying the GOP is decimated starting in 2018. You all are a cancer on this nation. STOP claiming to be Christians while taking ppls HC.
Please tell God how many children with cancer you have allowed to suffer & die by neglecting them and funding their research and treatment.
Amen
Please Mr. Pharisee, pray for show and keep letting our children with cancer die b/c your lack of action and allowing pharma to run our USA
I pray you have your resume in order.
I pray that you will say NO to the GOPs healthcare reform.
Do you think if I pray hard enough, I'll have health insurance again or nah?
I think I'll actually DO something to make the world better instead.
Amen! Thank you for that reminder. 
@SenatorLankford - I pray for anyone w/ #preexistingconditons & their families who will be financially devastated as a result of #AHCA.
I prayed that this bill would not pass the house ...... 
I pray that we can vote out as many republicans as possible in 2018.
Yeah I pray GOP sees God path, that says feed the hungry, help the poor, care for the sick... I see evil in you senator and y'll be judged
Pray for the millions of people who will lose insurance under trumpcare.
I'm going to pray for the strength to help get you out of office and back to Texas! Thanks for the pep talk...

You are literally standing in the US Capitol as our elected leader & telling we poor Okies to pray to God for comfort bc HE will hear us.
This ain't church camp. We expect you to actually ACT in the best interests of OK and use your power as a US Senator to effect change.


Your so funny..with the vote in the House for repeal of the ACA your Christian attitude went out the window..GOP don't care about us..
"... do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others."
boy howdy aint that the truth
Voting to take away healthcare from millions on the National Day of Prayer. I hope you're proud of your colleagues.  #Hypocrites #Impeach
trump going to Rome where his cardinals just love it. Can we say hell has frozen over
@JimInhofe Im praying that we will keep our healthcare
#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#Resist
#TheResistence
#ShowSupport

This (!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
