@SenatorLankford but you don't have a problem with Washington making the decision for patients getting an abortion or HRT
Please stop the with the rhetoric and start exercising your humanity. ACA saves lives. Work w/Dems to make it better.
We are watching you tear apart what millions need - let's see your solution first.
and how will you do that if you take away their access to their doctors by leaving them with no insurance?
Not CEOs of healthcare companies making #ObsceneSalaries with more regard for #Profit than #Healthcare
just got a letter from BCBS that my topical psoriasis  medicine is no longer covered, costs $50 per oz...#HELP stop the madness
The idiosy is out of control...we are a Country without intelligent adult leadership. Remember, Rome fell.
@SenatorLankford @SenateGOP first thing you need to do is to take away the penalties for the tax year
unless it's a woman, amirite? #IStandWithPP
Yet you want to control women's bodies. U R all so hypocritical its not funny.
Then stop trying to pass bills preventing access to reproductive healthcare.
If you're system is being modelled on the Canadian system, be aware.  It has serious limitations.
that includes women's health. Stay away from defunding Planned Parenthood.
@SenatorLankford then don't reverse all patient protection & transparency legislation since MIPPA 2008. Listen to us. We see you.
what is your replacement plan?
SOBs, this is disingenuous.
if Trump signs off on the repeal he lied to the people to get elected
...unless you're a woman. *pats us on our heads* Sorry, ladies! GOP senators know what's best for your health. #plannedparenthood
terri sciavo says what...
glad you should say that, seems we both agree that a woman should own HER right to choose then too!
unless you're a woman.
are you serious? Then why so interested in suppressing women's health treatment?
Keep the #ACA. People rely on health insurance. Congress gets it, taxpayers should 2 #WePayForYourInsurance #dotherightthing
and they still are
Without a replacement for the ACA, you are putting my very life at risk.  Move wisely, please!
great! Then give us your plan. You do have one right?
decisions about reproductive health care should NOT be made by any one else - certainly not you all!
where is your solution? Where? Can you really not get it together enough to come up with a plan of your own? Embarrassing
No, it should be a RIGHT of the people. Stop investing in the killing of innocent people overseas and invest in our healthcare.
@SenatorLankford Medical decisions have not resided with the individual or doctor 4 decades.   Insurance adjusters make the call
how about a single payer system like the rest of the developed world has.
how about everyone get the same insurance as people working for state and local and federal government?
that's just your way of saying you're on your own and don't expect it to be affordable.
You are forgetting the biggest player. The insurance company that can approve or deny care.  But of course, how can you relate?
.@SenateGOP So if health care decisions should be made by patients/families/doctored, you'll be repealing all abortion limitations, right?
ask for a single payer system like the rest of the world.
What is the GOP's plan to cover individuals with pre-existing conditions who attempt to buy insurance?
saying healthcare decisions should b made by patients & their doctors is laughable hypocrisy. @PPact & women said that for yrs.
YOU MEAN THEIR HEALTHCARE SHOULD BE DECIDED BY INSURANCE COMPANIES - U KNOW YOU REPUBLICANS REALLY STINK!! 
demand a single payer system like the rest of the developed world has.
nasty greedy lobbyists are more important than our wellbeing as Americans 
In few years healthcare will skyrocket 
Because of u!
You sell that to your ignorant constituents but I make all my health care decisions!
@SenatorLankford Such a disingenuous marketing ploy....The ACA is predicated on private insurance..no different than before ACA
which is another way of saying "you're on your own, pal". Good luck with that.

Republican Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn's Obamacare Twitter Poll Backfires http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/republican-congresswoman-marsha-blackburn-s-obamacare-twitter-poll-backfires-n703271 … via @nbcnews
You're hoping we die.  Shame on u all!!!!
how about a single payer system like the rest of the developed world.
Don't think I would trust that in our current political climate.
Is it just me, or does the Republican Party remind you of "The Empire" in "Revenge of the Sith"
So stay the hell away from my uterus as you attempt to restrict family planning healthcare services.
Everyone MUST have affordable Health Care, no matter what the companies that are your bosses say
demand a single payer system like the rest of the developed world has.

demand a single payer system like the rest of the developed world.
nothing in the aca dictates diagnostic or treatment paths for Drs or patients. Quit lying
your getting your wish, but you failed the American people without even an idea about how to!!!
that's great for people who can afford it. If you can't afford a health care plan, you can't go to the doctor.
@SenatorLankford repealing obamacare puts 20+ million Americans at risk of losing coverage #DontRepealObamacare
So there will be no fight on the right for women to have abortions? it's a decision that should be between a woman and her doctor
Men have recreational sex without consequence of a being in them for 300 days. Your healthcare model BETTER ALLOW WOMEN THE SAME.
Yes, & not by ins. comps either. They'll side w/ profits over people. Those w/ pre-existing conditions will be the 1st denied
Agreed, but make sure that this is not for only rich folks without.preexisting conditions.
They are already!! Stop doing selective interpretation. Drop you revenge agenda. It's not why you are in office. Petty brats.
FIX IT'S F;AWS. You have nothing better in mind. Improve what we have.  You did nothing for 6 yrs. Repeal not the answer.
exactly!
Health Care is not a right; Fed Gov should sent x amount of dollars to states=deal with the health care at state level
Go ahead and try to rescind ACA.
ARE YOU LISTENING RYAN  NO MORE DEALS BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND CONGRESS WILL HAVE THE SAME COVERAGE  YOUR NOT SPEDIAL NO EXCETIONS
repeal ACA u ppl get ready to grab your ankles!
BULLSHIT. STOP LOBBYING FOR THE 1%. Only folks who want the ACA APPEALED ARE REPUBLICANS IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE. HYPOCRISY
it's repealed. Demand a single payer system like the rest of the developed world.
and replace it with WHAT? Many Trump voters are on Obamacare - good luck...LOL #Obamacare
how will you protect the people that cannot afford healthcare? so instead of just homeless we have sick homeless?
tell your donors at the insurance companies to stop raising rates and blaming it on everything else except their profits.
how about you look at CEO pay. Link it to no more than 20 times the lowest paid employee. Income inequality gone
THAT MEANS PRIVATIZE! Which means NO CARE JUST DEBT FOR YOU! Go ahead RWers vote again to lose MORE JOBS MORE BENEFITS! Go ahead
the problem is Affordability and Access fix that before anything else
YYEEEEEHAW!!!!!! RESOLUTION PASSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well said, agree 100%. Women's health should be made by women, not legislation passed to inspect womens uteruses by GOP congress
I don't hear you saying that when it comes to a woman's right to choose. I don't hear that when it comes women's choice, smdh
why are you so passionate about wanting women to murder their unborn children? It's a sick obsession that liberals have
. I don't, but a woman have the right to make decision relating to her health and that's personal. Not for anyGovt. to decide
Why don't you believe this about women's reproductive health? In that case, you think it's the decision of the GOP.  Hypocrites.
Please, plus the government added so many jobs that are taxes could be used for better things.
you have to be able to have insurance before you can make that kind of decision insurance company only want healthy people
They never weren't!!! Think about this when you try to push through TRAP laws. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
