- isn't it even more ludicrous to allow the Fox to protect the Hen house?
depends on what's in the hen house.  Maybe we need a fox.
- Your inability to grasp a simple analogy is very telling.  Keep up the mediocre work. #DumbingDownIsComplete
you are actually not old enough nor knowledgable enough to make that biased observation.
- aren't you cute with your blanket statements and generalizations.
you bet I am!!  I have a no tolerance for Obama, liberal marxist fools in my country.  Enemies and morons.
it will be ok.  In 2018 you will not have a job.  See all better now.
He serves a six year term in the Senate, just reelected.
Really, do your homework!!!  Read his lawsuits against EPA. U will not be re-elected for sucking up to Scott.
when did you start caring about the children? You obviously didn't care about their education!
the democrats destroyed education.  Liberalization and curricula of  Liberals in schools - a curse.
Time will tell!
let's hope you are right Senator. OK doesn't have a great track record when it comes to protecting air quality.
Kames, liberal socialists will never get it!  They are manipulated fools.
too many speak without knowledge. Keep up the good work senator.
Good work??? Try indifference
He doesn't want it for "your" children but his actions demonstrates he doesn't care about at risk children safety. #YouFail
oh bologna.
haha he may not "want" it but he sure isn't caring about the poor populations that would be effected by it either.
who says?
how is it ludicrous? Have you seen what he's done to Oklahoma?
and again hot nasty air comes from yout mouth the Rep agenda has been to rape and rob kill America..and your doing it well
of course -  some liberal communistically oriented but-ball came up with this one.
unless you look at his track record...
It's typical over-the-top BS from the libs. Americans r tired of your constant whining about everything Trump related.
Perhaps you and truth will meet someday
You are what you do.
Oh he will follow the laws after the replublishits remove the ones that harm corp profits.
The fact that you're tweeting up a storm but too cowardly to meet with your constituents is ludicrous.
Why do you even tweet?  Looking forward to voting you out!
he won't be voted out -  I'll see to that !
The anti-Scott Pruitt people are trying to throw everything & the kitchen sink at him. 

Good luck to him.
we have to live with your and pruitt's indifference
I've not heard of anyone saying he wants dirty air and water & poisoned children. You are being ridiculous.
Indifference achieves the same thing
Pretty sure he just doesn't care at all. Maybe if you held a real #TownHall you'd know what your constituents think.
Unfortunately he doesn't care
If that is ludicrous, then he should support efforts to keep our environment clean. Refusal indicates choosing the opposite
It is mow clear you do not have and never had the best interests of Oklahomans oin your votes.
Have you no shame?
Try looking at his record, those who donate to him and statements he has made.
it is not ludicrous. He is not concerned with the safety of water. Only concerned with big oil contributions. #opposepruitt
.@SenatorLankford Then why won't you wait for the emails to be released?
and YOU will own the destruction that he wrecks on our Earth. WE will hold YOU accountable!
THEN SHOW THE E-MAILS!!
Taking away regulations to "help" the oil and coat companies results in dirty air & water.
How quickly you forget about chicken waste in the water, Pruitt ignoring earthquakes.....
no it is not ludicrous to conclude that from his actions. Your actions in supporting him seem likewise indifferent.
He hasn't proven to OK he cares about clear air/water. He HAS proven to care about big oil/energy #resist #ScottPruitt
He just wants absolutely nothing done to prevent it. TOTALLY different. @SenatorLankford
Sir, the fact is that Scott Pruitt wants exactly that. Earthquakes ring a bell?  Denial of their source ring a bell?
please examine Scott Pruitt documents that will be available Tuesday before voting on his confirmation.
Don't vote until you see the 3000 emails the judge ordered him to release yesterday. He has stalled for 2 years. Wait.
senator it is clear he has been bought. We'll see what Tuesday reveals.
Actions speak louder than words. He has a proven history of action against the environment and for Big Oil.
people like you are exactly what is wrong with the world. You should be ashamed.
His track record shows the opposite. He's SWAMPY as f**  Enough w/these horrible picks!!  #holdthefloor
Wrong! Scott Pruitt is owned by the Fossil Fuel Industry! #Damagedourearth
he wants what the oil and gas industry tells him to want.
I only need look at what #ScottPruitt has done in my state of Okla to know his intention #NoHonor #URFailingOkla
I am concerned that Oklahoma delegation is more about lining their pockets than what is best for Oklahoma. We are sinking
Well at least he's out of Oklahoma. He can now share his horrible judgement with the whole country!
The problem is that he doesn't care about those things. He has no conscience.
nah it's not. You guys aren't trying to protect the planet. Stop lying.
No one cares what you think or believes a word you have said since u started voting against the wishes of ur constituents
is it really? He didn't give a $@&! that we were having 300 earthquakes a year. All he and YOU care about are big oil money
are you going to continue to ignore what your constituents want?  Vote NO!  #nopruitt
This tweet paid for by the Koch Bros.
Pruitt is wrong for the EPA. Please vote No & allow the 3000 documents released by Tues. to be considered. Health before $$
Based on what is happening here in Oklahoma, the accusation isn't far off.
The accusation that you listen to and care about your constituents is ludicrous.
Exactly. Of course, he's not a woman trying to be in power, so I guess his emails aren't as important, right?
"We have a moral obligation to protect this planet" and Scott Pruitt will not do that despite your argument to contrary.
It's much more likely Pruitt doesn't give a crap about people's health one way or another and is in it for the money.
14 Lawsuits against the EPA and 0 were for clean air in Oklahoma so......
FULL SUPPORT
please explain why you support his OK taxpayer-funded lawsuit that was written entirely by Devon Energy. Big oil's his #1.
.@SenatorLankford he has not protected OK from big oil interests nor will he protect the environment charged to him with the @EPA
.@AndeeKayU WHAT SHE SAID, @SenatorLankford. Wake up, smell the pollution, and represent your constituents, already. ALL of them.
if he wants to get rid of the EPA, he most certainly doesnt care about air or water quality
he still sucks on the environment.
The vile left will create lies, lies & more lies against Pruitt
we don't create we have eyes
do you take seriously a n y t h i n g the America-haters (Marxocrats) say?
ok, but why has flint not been addressed, also why would bills be wrote to stop the dream of owning a home.
What has he done about the earthquakes in OK? Nothing. Why would I expect to protect him our water then?
when will U b "ProLife" and protect our children, especially those suffering from cancer caused by polluted water&soil?
When is our local townhall meetings, instead of hiding behind "telephone" meetings?yourpeople need you to be here 4 us,not$
watch @MaddowBlog tonight you fool. I hardly think that's the accusation.
Pruitt already hurt our beautiful state by lack of concern for our rivers, hills &those who depend on them, now the nation?
NYTimes reporting EPA staff trying to block Pruitt's nomination.  What does it say when no one wants to work for him?
All evidence suggests that is the case. How can one dismantle the EPA and not expect deterioration in quality of all.  @SenatorLankford
If you and others like Pruitt really cared about our children, then why isn't more done to fund childhood cancer?
huh???
As long as Pruitt and any political leader takes the $ he does from oil interests, we will never have clean anything.
those that you are doing well and Pruitt is doing well like drinking dirty water breathing dirty air, thats ludicrous
What does this even mean? Learn to proofread. Also learn who contributes to campaigns in OK.
he doesn't want what is best for the citizens of the United States. When are you going to stand up for your constituents?
And yet his actions indicate exactly that. Stop grandstanding on partisan bullshit, you're smart enough to know better.
Regulations exist because corporations only care about money. They may need modification, but they are needed.
what did he do for Oklahoma
Then what does he want? Because clearly he does not want to regulate industries that cause dirty air and dirty water.
well considering you're both in the pocket of big oil, I don't think it's ludicrous at all
If you want deregulation, clean up industrial processes first. I see no effort made there by you or other GOP.
that's what they said about @MittRomney also, I am sure he is racist to..
Why? Because he wants to take away regulations that keep those things from happening? Umm.....
Oh...he may not "want" it, but he is responsible for that and multiple other poor choices here in OK.
There's a difference between "wanting dirty water" and not giving a shit whether it gets polluted or not.
Just like "Pro-Life" doesn't mean "Pro-Abortion."  Words matter.
but to avoid any appearance of impropriety,  please delay confirmation until emails released.
What world do you live in? I hope it is self-sustaining!
.@SenatorLankford Nice try, sir. Would be great if OK could protect our air and water, but we can't.  Hence, the need for federal oversight.
Ludicrous you say? Well, that sounds like something the Dems would definitely perpetuate. @SenatorLankford
thank you for speaking up and being bold
he's not bold on anything
