also teach men not to rape.
@nrlc one city? So cute, last women women's March was in literally dozen of cities.
and countries. And continents. Including ANTARCTICA.
@SenateGOP
How about standing up for ALL life, not just life of unborn? Back life-sustaining & improvement initiatives like ACA, refugees, EPA, etc!!!!
Pleeeease!  Killing innocent unborn babies hardly compares to recipients of health care, illigal immigrants and other Dem causes. At least these individuals got a chance to live!
@RavenHUWolf 

Wait! There's a WOMENS march going on today? I wonder why the #MSM isn't out in force. Oh right, wrong story
Is there no end to this vile librulmuslimBLMcommiefeminazi conspiracy?! 
They just don't like people who disagree with them 
It's like they took a page out from the Nazi Germany playbook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Huh - directed at whom?
THE LIBTARDMUSLIMBLMKENYANCOMMIETRANSGENDERGAYFEMINAZI MEDIA OPPRESSING OUR FREEDOMS!
Maybe try no caps lock - and a space key?
KEYBOARD IS OLD AND TOOMANYCHARACTERS!! SJW JEW MEXICUNS TOOK ALL THE KEYBOARD FACTORY JOBS!!
Google "bodily autonomy" & explain why you think women should have fewer bodily rights than a corpse.
Shameful. Oklahoma kids are suffering yet you won't fight to protect or save them!
@SenateGOP
Appreciate you'll #withholdconsent on #immigrationban BC #ProLife protects ENTIRE human lifespan > #ProBirth #ammiright ?
how about standing up to the rampant human rights violations all around you? Why just the unborn?
Because you're staunchly pro-life, I assume you'll also protect Muslim lives and oppose the Ban/any religious registry?
where is the March for women's picture
Don't forget you also represent progressives from the state of Oklahoma.
I'll believe you are pro-life when you start supporting refugees escaping terror!
Incredable. You stand by and allow prez.to deny life and liberty 2 refugees and alienate1/2the world.Coward.
if you're so pro life, what ru doing for all the Oklahoma kids who go to bed hungry at night? Ur pro birth, not pro life
and the pro death group doing trumps dirty work. sad u cant make that simple connection
@SenateGOP #MarchForLife   When are you going to take away their health insurance?
the minute they're breathing air.
A crowd full of rich, white men thinking they are 'entitled' to tell women anything. Why would even one woman vote for you?
When and where is your next town hall?
If would be good to see that you stand for the child after it is born. But maybe thats not so important.
ideology aside, this was a minor gathering compared to what is happening around #USA. Please govern, don't preach!
REAL Christians KNOW that SIN is GOD'S department NOT church / gov. HYPOCRITES!
Good Job Sen. A bunch of these comments don't realize you can only do so much at a time! #USA
will you stand for all of the women in Oklahoma without access to healthcare and reproductive services? #womensrights
How does this square with your right to life position?
God's Rx for procreation and family works. It's "man" who messed it up. No Twitter argument is won aside from this Truth.
You care little about life post birth. You support for ACA repeal and DeVoss proves that. #GOPbetrayal

OKC March was incredible too, I must've missed your post on the 12k people there. The 1.1+ million Dems and Indy's watching
it's not just A generation but many.  Some of us have been fighting for decades.
@SenateGOP in honor of the celebration I will be passing out free samples of my jizz on Dominos napkins
Thank you from CT!
Did you notice the number of people across the world who stood up for women's rights last Saturday?  #StandWithPP
does pro-life include refugees facing persecution and those facing the death penalty? What about those without health care?
I saw you up there! Thank you for coming, and working hard for us!!
well you and your little delusional club can hold hands and not have abortions together.  But you get no say for my body.
@robert_p61 How about #MarchToAdoptAChild
Tens of thousands of US foster children go unadopted every year, & even more of that worldwide.
no. Suggesting we take care of them before we claim to #MarchForLife & encourage more kids to be dropped off in foster care
Or the fact that abortion laws increase abortions, & they'll all be unregulated & dangerously done?
And how many of them have adopted any of the unwanted children in the system. I'm pro-choice & we have adopted 5.
deplorable mom of a 26 week micro preemie! Record for earliest to survive! Thnx
awesome!! Too bad one of our chaplain from school changed views for political gain trudeau
create a bill: #FREEADOPTION. States make $1000/mo per child from the feds As wards of the state. Save the children @POTUS
@SenateGOP not #prolife you're #probirth After birth you don't give a shit #hypocrite
If you are so pro life why have you done nothing to stop another Sandy Hook?
I hope you, also, plan to speak for our children on Tuesday and vote against Betsy Devos.
You're not prolife. You're probirth. #BeTruthful
@SenateGOP Pro-life doesn't go with anti-healthcare anti-food assistance and pro-war. No. Just no.
@deepcow 
- ProLife = #NoDAPL #NoKXL #noDevos #NoSessions #altnatparkservice #EPA #WomensMarchOnWashington - that is ProLife
Repeal Obamacare and there will be more abortions.
@rnlisa64 
 Sen. James Lankford @SenatorLankford  
 Incredible to see the #ProLifeGeneration standing for life today! #MarchForLife
Absolutely! Stop killing the unborn innocents! Murder in first degree! possibly Einsteins among them
Thank you! #NoMoreConfusedCompassion #AllLivesMatter even mine! #ConceivedInRape #WorthOfLife
The most effective way to drive abortion rates down is wth accessible birth control. Will you help drive abortion down?
pre-1973 #DinosaurEra
Good they can keep their pregnancies.  No one is making them abort, but let the rest of us make our own damn choice! @NARAL @womensmarch
This picture is actually a colorized photo from a Karl Marx rally. Stop lying to Americans, Mr. Senator #marchforlife
@SenateGOP They sing praises to God today. America is finally changing its way! Prosperity will flow in this country now 
So many hateful "women trolls" on this twtr string....trying hard to 'bait' others.
 Freedoms in America - #ProLifeMarch
Could someone explain what these thousand or so people want? Seems pointless to complain about this great country
if you could go back in time and abort fetus Hitler, would you do it?
is anti refugee, anti Native American, anti ACA, anti women & children rights, anti abortion.
Thank you for participating, Senator! Wish we had U.S. senators with your kind of integrity in Virginia. Someday!
Please take him! Our OK children are the poorest educated, have the highest pregnancy, abuse and neglect rates
@SenateGOP I don't know you, you and rest  of the idiots have NO right to tell anyone what they can do with their body
Why didn't you mention all of the marches around the country to save the LIVING people by keeping ACA Medicare PlannedPrnth
Just one city? Sad. Woman's March was world wide.
What about the PRO ACA and thousands that marched in Philadelphia to save living people?
women's March was bigger
And who actually cares? Petty and pathetic people that's who.
#ProLifeGeneration = Pro-war, pro-torture, pro-snatching health care, pro-deportation, pro- everything except life.
Ohh, so you think ruining a teenager's life is a good idea.
To clarify this march is for #AntiAbortion. A #MarchforLIFE should include LIFESAVING GUN CONTROL & HEALTHCARE.
your hypocrisy is astounding
while you support the #globalgagrule, you support financial aid to Israel, which provides free abortions to citizens
does it make you sad that no one is taking your bait. Are you stamping your tiny liberal feet? U A toddler

that's exactly how we feel about you, and your vagina hat wearing crowd
seriously you didn't see the vagina hats? Not talking about the pussy hats.
seriously I did see those too. There weren't many --- funny a vagina so offensive. Woman up!
vaginas are not offensive. Vagina hats however are offensive. You demean women
Then why are you defunding #ACA, which has contributed to the lowest abortion rate in 40 years?
.
ACA defunded itself, doofus.
.
you are willfully ignorant & woefully misinformed. I doubt that will change. Sad  …https://kaiserfamilyfoundation.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/8301.pdf …
.
Well, damn, now I am just plain discouraged.
.
Don't be. Paid Troll
Too bad you/they don't support children once they're out of the womb. My body, my choice.  #prochoice
and what are you doing for all the abandoned babies, what do you do?
we are not going away, and we vote, tick tock... #WomenDeserveBetter #WomensMarch
I don't want gov't small enough to fit in my uterus, along with the 3,000,000+ plus who marched last Saturday #Reelection
, @africamedia_CPJ,Friends of media ,advocates should advocate for my release because i may die at any time@FreedomHouseDC
, I have endured brain tumour , tammy tumour and aids but nothing can be done to protect from cancer
All those pro-lifers in one place! I bet you've collected a ton of donations for DHHS to support our vulnerable children!?
Is it me or R these Ladies marching peacefully to support a cause?  They Must be Reps & Cons. No Filthy Speeches
Incredible to see the hypocrisy-not willing to help child refugees fleeing violence
let's not forget the lack of gun control, which kills children too.
, Defending the armies of north America where i was at WIU was good as inserting me on death low and later on confined
@SenateGOP seeing all those anti choice people who want to control other women
Where's the march for all the children in foster care? In poverty? They're already here and need real help.
AMAZING! I can't believe that many people are willing to house our vulnerable children and refugees! #prolife or #probirth?
, the education system of Canada and North America against the blacks
@CNN @jaketapper Wow.  Hope the CNN official crowd counters have their pocket calculators at the ready.
, Sure am in solitary confinement because of criticsing the authoring of Racism piece of an article which destroyed
@SenateGOP careful though! Don't want to get #PatheticPOTUS mad at the crowd size!
Low turnout. Sad.
Women there made the #choice for pro life...good for them. Choice should be a women's right, not gov't decision. #prochoice
@SenateGOP agreed! I can't believe this many people are against the death penalty and for affordable health care! GO USA!
@RepMarkWalker standing for life in the womb but abandoning it once born, or if gay, and the list continues.
No, just standing for not killing any innocent people..young, old, gay, straight, black, white
glad to a man thinking he has any right to tell a woman what to do with their bodies #ProChoice
@SenateGOP Liars.
OUR BODIES, OUR CHOICE!! YOUR RELIGIOUS BELIEFS SHOULD NOT MAKE DECISIONS REGARDING MY BODY!!
.
Your body was once some else's fetus, dumbbell.
.
typical .... resorting to name calling when you have no idea who i even am.... MY BODY MY CHOICE!!
.
Good mock outrage! I applaud you!
.
@SenateGOP pro-birth
where is this at again?
great job on the #photoshop! It's really a small crowd!
