Ask your constituents how they feel about McConnells leadership. Its not your job to support or promote the status quo.
I think the Senator is saying he backs McConnell over Trump in their current "feud."  Will this lead to working together to rein in trump.
Why are you "reining" in Trump?? You don't like the useless regs he repealed? You don't like more jobs, less illegals and M-13 gangs? #MAGA
Most of what trump claims credit for was already happening. The regs & gorsuch are huge but eventually he will need 2 actually sign a bill.
stop trying to ruin the lives of your constituents by taking away healthcare. 7 yrs and R's are still clueless without a plan and now DJT?
Are you paying for ur healthcare?  If you payed huge premiums with high deductibles and no choices, you'd feel differently.  Get Gov't out!
1,300 a month for my wife and I but at least I won't lose my house if we have a major illness.Why do u support crooked ins co's and phama?

@SenatorLankford I look forward to your statement concerning the horrific gathering in #Charlotesville last night.
Impeaching trump? Yay!!!
You can start with putting an anit-first strike leash on POTUS
or a shock collar
Work with #Dems on HCA. Bi-party is better than single party legislation.  #ACA is prime example. Our HC is now $36k+ per yr. #NotAffordable
McConnell is a waste of time. I would like to see Rand Paul or Ted Cruz as majority leader.
Crazy Cruz or Pandering Rand...tough choice.
True constitutionalist.
What does that mean exactly?
Rick I respect the fact you do not agree with the politics of Ted or Rand I refuse to believe you don't know what a constitutionalist is.
I want your definition.
One who follows the constitution when in a position to compromise
Then by that definition, Obama, a constitutional law professor, was a true constitutionalist.
If U want to deliver to Am. people, improve the ACA, don't repeal it. No one wants Trumpcare. #SaveACA
Repeal And Replace!!
You missed your chance
@Team_Mitch @SenateMajLdr Really.  I mean Really.  Have you all been asleep over the past 8 months. I'd call it a disaster
Stop saying that Senator, you know your 1st interest is NOT to the ppl, it's to the highest bidder!
How is the @GOP support for Donald Trump going today??  Going to let this continue?  And those saying support the Prez are complicit also.
Trump wants to replace Mitch, give him @SenatorCollins . For all his bluster it appears that women know how to shut him down.
Congress has an approval rating lower than whale poo. Take some hints from the American people on how well you're doing.
The Senate better or "WE THE PEOPLE" ARE DONE WITH THIS SENATE! NO MORE POLITICIANS IN GOVERNMENT! POLITICIANS HAVE KILLED GOVERNMENT!
We need single payer health care.
We literally have a foreign born sworn member of the Nazi party working for 45. That's not Dem or Rep that is Nazi! Do something!
Senator, I'm confident that Mitch McConnell appreciates your support. But as one of your constituents I want action on healthcare. Do IT!
I hope you are right!
You haven't so far, has something changed?  Doesn't look like it from here.
Lets see it senator, let the American people see it. I believe we deserve better.....
when's your next town hall senator, ur office says you're still working on a schedule?  How much vacation time will that take?
Ur job that we hired u for is to stand behind &support ur constituents, not the Senate majority leader. Why not ask us how u should proceed?
Yes!!  Your constituents want you to keep your word & get the things you campaigned for done!! . #getitdone
If you do NOT get a REAL repeal n replace, Congress will get replaced! Same for REAL tax reform.
Deliver us a new administration. This is insane.
Elite senators that support a failed senate leader and cant get anything done for the people have chosen political failure over th people
Senator, you seem to be a bright fellow and I understand you have to stroke Mitch, but I know you know that he's a feckless fraud.
lol. He's not. But, nice try at stroking his growing ego.
When are you going to get serious about removing that nut case if a President from office??
Then pass the agenda! The Republican agenda! The people voted & we want it! You work for us not the Maj leader
So get something important done: the 25th Amendment is a great start! Take action now!
My prediction McConnell will not deliver on any of the Trump agenda
Your showing your ignorance n stupidity by your support of Mitch McConnell!! He hates conservatives & the Tea Party. Look at CRTV Levine!!
7 years u Senators n Congressmen got relected with ur lies of repeal n replace!!!  Ryan n McConnell need to go along with rino republicans!!
Hon. McConnell you have failed the American people; please do the honorable thing and resign. Thank you!!!
Almost embarrassed to say I'm American! You guys are a disgrace to the offices to which we elected you; none of you listen to the people!
Be careful Sen Lankford. People are paying attention and we agree that McConnel is a Swamper and needs to be fired ASAP.
Looking forward to seeing #TaxReform that is not heavily regressive in the U.S. and Oklahoma.
Doubtful! And I hope that you and ur party will separate ur selves from this Trainwreck Prez and his stupidity and get things done 4 the ppl
WAY behind
Wait did McConnell elect you to office or the ppl of Ok? Remember who you really work for!
10% of people think your doing good. The rest of us are waiting for you to get behind our PRESIDENT! And do your JOB! #DrainTheSwamp
We'll see. So far, the @SenateGOP has been inept.
Hahaha!  You gotta be kidding!
With all due respect that will be a welcome change.
Failure on repeal and replace is a big disappointment for most Republican voters
Why should we? He cares nothing for us. And, neither do you based on your votes.
You need to work across party lines-all of congress- and get things done!  Together make a better health care bill.

Yall need to do a better job, we(americanpeople) are not happy with your progress.
Then u r kidding yourself. McConnell needs to go. If u haven't joined the freedom caucus, ur just an elitist faking that ur with OK
If you guys keep defending that criminal show in the WH, GOP will all go down. I told you, my southern baptist mom against the GOP now.
Deliver what? Impeachment? Nothing is going to get done until that is complete.
Indeed you do have a great deal of work to do. If it doesn't get done, don't expect to be part of Congress.
Actions speak louder than words! Enough of the talk...do something.
I hope you will support and push for REAL bipartisanship, cooperation and compromise. Pull off the GOP/DNC labels and find solutions.
Enough empty rhetoric get it done!!!!!
Oh, good. Tks for the reminder..."Party of NO." Looking forward to 2018. Repeal and replace House and Senate.
So which wars are we all going to participate in all at once? North Koria, Syria, Somalia, Venezuela, Afghanistan?
Sounds like you are acting like a good establishment Republican.  If McConnel can not lead to get done campaign promises He needs to quit
Can you please start impeachment proceedings on the nut case?  This situation is costing the USA any credibility.
You all just need to focus on helping House get that nutjob out of the White House. He's going to kill us all. (And that won't wash off)
Mr. Senator you and of those in the Senate have only shown one thing to the American people and that is leaving the American people behind.
Obama not President, who guys need to work harder! Support Trump! Mitch needs to retire!!!!
Hahaha! Ditch Mitch!
If the Senate wasn't in recess all the time, you might get something done.
We voted for Trump & expect cooperation from all Republicans including Rhinos!
I dont stand behind Mcconnell. The republicans had 7 years to repeal an replace not only did you let the potus down but Oklahomans to.
Wow. Sitting on the Intelligence Committee sure has drawn a serious influx of Bot Accounts to your page. 

POTUS will you for this tweet.
Country over party
We don't like him sir.
When?  You're 0-1.
Senate GOP leadership is ineffective and needs to step down. Drain the Senate GOP swamp!
You republican senators are failing to understand Americans voted for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump so you need to be making his agenda happen
I hate to tell you guys @POTUS will win in 2020 I'm not sure I can say this for the rest of you republicans
James, you guys are going to have to get tough and wrangle in the swamp guys. Oh, and one maverick.
More empty lip service. See ya'll at the ballot box, Senator.
#MAGA
#Trump2020
Deliver what? Doing something just for the sake of doing something isn't useful. Should we just watch Twitter for when .@POTUS gives orders?
Like getting the mad man out of the WH?  Try working on stopping another unnecessary war if u can stand up to ur dear leader, swamp monster.
boooo
Thats sure not what i heard coming from McConnells mouth. Blaming Pres for unrealistic expectations BOOO
No, that's not happening&U are NOT getting work done under his leadership.He has no sense of urgency &none of you have agenda as a priority.
Then get after and stop screwing around. Start leading instead of acting like lemmings
This will definitely be used against you in the near future.
Y'all keep telling us your going to get it done, when?
8 years of obstruction politics came back to but ya, huh?
Yes go to work and FIX THE #ACA under T payments are doubling and bc of CSR pmts BCBSOK NOW PULLING OUT. FIX THIS BIPARTISAN #FixACA
Why don't you tell dear leader to stop, tweeting lead and propose a bill
You guys need to pick up the pace and get on board with President Trumps agenda or risk being replaced by new blood.
My advice would be to support your voters by following Pres Trump's lead. Never, never, never give up. Mc Connell gave up.
Trump does t give up, he just won't do his job because he's too busy showboating, golfing or twittering.
Oh gee, you are so wrong.
Rebuild after President Obama. He left the State of the Union sitting pretty for the traitor 45.
Term limits every political office holder that's been in office more than 8years has to go no difference between parties all swamp scum
#liars
We don't need feckless Corrupted Politicians who subvert the well of the People..
Like getting rid of this stupid President that Republicans seem to think so highly of. The man is steering us to WWIII

PROVE IT! FIRST, GET BACK TO THE DISTRICT OF CORRUPTION! STOP TAKING LOBBYISTS MONEY!  #DrainTheSewer
I just heard this amazing stat. The US has 5% of world population and prescribes 80% of opioids. Wow. Something is wrong with medical field!
RINO much?
He best get the @POTUS agenda passed. Looks like all of you are against our President! If that's your agenda you need to find a new job!
The people don't support Trump (35% approval) because he's a lying jackass, that's all.
He's terrible. Your lack of discernment about this is a little troubling actually.
Your party is pathetic for backing this maniac @realDonaldTrump
isn't that a little hard while you are all away on Holiday? Disgraceful, I have been a Republican all my life,  furious at Congress & Senate
If your words are empty, voters will remember.
Ditch Mitch then maybe, things will get done. Trump needs to drop your health care & get what we have.then maybe things will get done
Cut the silly hype.  The GOP did not deliver on health care.  Why should we believe it will deliver on anything else?
Why not start by protecting the American people from this unhinged man who is leading us toward a nuclear war!
lol believe it when I see it happen
If you REALLY wanted to deliver for Americans, you wouldn't have gone of for yet ANOTHER vacation! How many so far? We'd like as many too!
Replace the moderate #GOPsurrendercaucus "leader" @SenateMajLdr.

- lying to American people doesn't cut it any longer the truth is coming out !
The Senate will get nothing done until it starts working as a hole. That's Democrats & GOP! Lankford the GOP has screwed America enough!
You are ignoring your most important job and that is to protect our country! FAIL! YUGE!
When??????
Why don't you get behind our President and the American people who voted for him?
Yes, get behind him. And push him into traffic.
Well your backing a looser so I guess your a looser too. Thanks for repealing Ocare & supporting PDJT's agenda!

U voted to take HC frm millions of Americans. Is that delivering the American people 2 their doom,or delivering profits to the HC ins. cos?
Obamacare is at death's door.
Fix it or go to single payer.
Have you become part of the swamp?
Please do work on a bipartisan solution for healthcare as well as preventing a major war in Asia that will destroy the world economy.
Wars have historically GOOD for economy
BIG DEAL!!!   THE FIRST WORK OF THE SENATE IS TO STOP THIS MAD MAN IN THE WH.  IT'S APPARENT HE IS OUT OF CONTROL & IS MAKING AM MESS OF USA
How?  Please elaborate.
That ain't leadership, James.
When? We have been waiting for 7 years!
They can't pass their version of health care reform because a few of them have both a spine and a conscience.
WRONG, we will deliver behind President TRUMP. It's his agenda, not yours. So you and the rest of the @SenateGOP better wise up quickly.
Love your response. Voters voice must be heard
Enough talk! Prove it! Americans have spoken
10% approval senator, AMERICA wants TERM LIMITS NOW!! If alot of shit doesn't get done soon, this will be America's priority or vote you out
Start passing legislation! #DoNothingCongress
Get rid of the crazy idiot in the WH!
And where is McConnell?
Stop talking. Stop vacationing. Get it done.
Yes you all should speak up like McConnell. You all created this monster Trump now fix it!! Or do you want war? Or do you thank Putin too?
Stop crying and accept the results of the election.
How about #Susan4SenateMajLeader? You know, someone who unites people and doesn't divide them. This may shock you, but 1/2 Americans R Dems
Susan Collins is a democrat, NO
Any town halls scheduled? Could not find any.
