because he did such a fine job regarding Oklahomas intensifying earthquakes.
Just like Mary Fallin is an AWESOME governor??? I don't think so!!!!!!!#angryOklahoman
Dear James, we are not stupid.
He hasn't done that in OK, so why are you so confident he would do that for the rest of the country? #Waitfortheemails
@ScottPruittOK No he won't overreach. He'll dismantle it from the inside out. Goodbye clean air and water! I'll miss u
.@SenatorLankford @NPR I don't know how you can believe that. I wonder how much money you took from the oil and fracking lobby. #earthquakes
He.is going after EPA. Doubt if he will protect environment but we'll see.
Passionate about following the law? Open Records Act is the law. What harm is there to wait for his emails?
Facists do not believe in facts and reason.
GIVE ME AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT HE HAS DONE GOOD FOR THE ENVIRONMENT?   He has his own personal agenda and it's not good!!
We need to do everything we can to help the Dems take over the majority in 2018. The US won't survive you and the GOP.
I would call and ask you to vote no, but like Devos you will just do as you please.
I hope you're right, but hard to imagine with his history with the agency.
Looking forward to emails being released.
No. He. Won't. He had always wanted to destroy the EPA so why should we believe he has had a change of heart.
for ethics purposes, shouldn't we wait to see those emails? We know how much Republicans like emails!
They have to hide their true love to big oil and polluting industries.
You should be ashamed of yourself. How do you sleep at night. He will NOT protect the environment and YOU know it!
I hope you enjoy your one and only term! Republicans and so-called Christians make the BEST hypocrites.
Like he did in Oklahoma?
Not a chance.
LIES
Once again I disagree with you. Come to think of it, I've never agreed with you on anything!
VOTE NO TO DEVOS...oh sorry you voted yes...VOTE NO TO PRUITT FOR GOD'S SAKES HE'S NOT QUALIFIED his personal agenda!
VOTE NO TO PRITT!!   You already voted yes to Devos....why add to your failures.  He is not qualified..personal agenda
Are you listening to your constituents?
this horror was the reason I made my first call to your office (which answered on 1 ring, thanks for that at least).
I'm glad you said that. The first time a polluter poisons the land, I will remind people you said that. Protection is good.
is he there obey court order and released documents from his office showing collusion with oil industry
just like he did in Oklahoma 
and YOU will own the destruction that he wrecks on our Earth. WE will hold YOU accountable!
In 2011 Pruitt got a letter from Devon energy, put his letterhead on it and sent it to the EPA as his own work.
I've heard your statements about your support of Pruitt. Don't know why you don't see all of the problems. Vote NO
what did he do in OK that makes you think that?
NO NO NO PLEASE NO
Your constituents say NO to Scott Pruitt. We know him in OKlahoma and he is not a good choice.
Wrong. @SenatorLankford @NPR
We need an independent commission to investigate Russian ties.  Americans deserve that.
No he won't! I am a constituent and I want a no vote on Pruitt who has not been a faithful steward of environment
The guy who said it wasn't his job to protect OK against damage caused by water injection induced earthquakes? Love America
he is anti environment you clown!   What drugs did your parents do while you were in the womb???
please expln how some1 who wnts to dismantle the EPA will protect the environment?
With the recent developments with #trumprussia and #Flynnghazi you must look at all appointments through a different lens.
What world do you live in. Unfortunately I can't send you to a different one to destroy. Don't you care ENVIRONMENT?
#ZIKA @VP @SenJohnBarrasso 

@SenatorLankford You're correct! @ScottPruittOK is the right person as #EPA Chief

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQdhcFOa2c4 …
Respectfully and wholeheartedly disagree.
Thank you for the support of Scott Pruitt
Oh Senator. Protect us! Not yourself.
neither you nor Pruitt give any fucks about the environment. Please. And how's about those earthquakes in frackin' OK?
. Judge ordered release of  emails yesterday. Why wont you delay vote unless you know they are bad?
please consider waiting to vote until the email information is released!!
no
still ready to confirm whatever floats to the top of the swamp, even after Flynn?
If he protects the environment the way he protects his emails we'll be fine. #scottpruitt #epa
Delay his vote until those 3000 judge ordered docs are released on mon. That only makes sense. #USCongress #cnn
What exactly has #scottpruitt ever done that gives you the idea he'll "protect the environment"? #protectepa
Shame on u. Again, party line, not what ur constituents asking for. You really don't care what's in best interest of USA.
Yea, OK has done so well with his leadership. Oil, Gas, Fracking....EARTHQUAKES! Let's see his emails!
.@SenatorLankford @All100Senators He'll kill us all through poisoning the water and atmosphere. Pour mining byproducts into your own water!
Why are you voting without seeing his emails that the court ordered him to release?
UGH...no.  We want to see the emails.  Oklahoma is proof that #ScottPruitt is not good for the environment.
You are wrong on this. He's not right for the job and those secret emails need to be investigated. Why the rush?
Big oil-induced earthquakes?  Ignoring FOIA requests? Costing OKLA taxpayers legal fees for his dishonesty?
Telling the same lie over & over will not make it true -even though that's what the trump playbook is. Let's see emails 1st
you are not very smart
dude - get better drugs / #INVESTIGATE TRUMP
Seriously?  Didn't he spend his career fighting the EPA? And why the rush to confirm?
Are you kidding yourself or are you drinking the Kool-Aid, oh year Kool Aid and cookies!!! What about the e-mails.
