 Senator with all due respect it's not the Russian selling Discord between America and the NFL. It's the NFL

Remember that time the media jumped all over Obama with a false narative with zero evidence. Yeah me neither.
oh wait..but the birther theory...how soon we forget
Yeah, I remember that and how outraged you folks were that anyone would dare insult a President like that. We have to respect that title.
I remember Obama tweeting at 3 am how butthurt he was over these..oh wait..didn't happen..
And that shit was just as wrong as what you dingle berries are doing to Trump. It just wasn't as rabbid as it is against trump.
google or bing...just sayin...see ya..
Your party and Trump are ruining our country. GOP=MASSIVE FAILURE.
3% GDP -- hurr durr "ruining the country" hurr durr.
Trump says 3.1% growth in GDP is "a number that hasn't been seen in a very, very long time."
U.S. also hit 3.1% growth in 2015, 2014, 2013
Liar.   It never did.    Barry Hussein Obama shipped the jobs overseas and the drugs poured in.
Dear racist Russian loving lady. The facts are easy to verify, but you live in Trumplandia.
During a campaign stop, BHO said he was campaigning in 57 states. YouTube video May 9, 2008.
Obama is a constitutional law professor. Trump is a disgraced businessman who paid out 25M to settle Trump U fraud case days prior to oath.
Obama doubled our nat'l debt, food stamps, welfare, unemployment up, failing health care. Bad job as president.
I don't watch the Clinton News Network
Fox is State run news..Murdoch is Ivanka's god father..Trump pays Sinclair and Fox news to report what HE wants not whats true.
I'm a veteran. I support #TakeAKnee and am glad I left Oklahoma.
Of course they can express personal views on a job-site, you ninny. If you do and the boss doesn't discipline you, then just go ahead.
Actually, I am a retired professional and an examiner for the Association of Professional Engineers. Yeah, I know the standards very well.
How dare you use Russia hysteria to disparage patriotic Americans-
We believe in honoring USA & not demeaning cops as this kneeling does
Great reply. I agree with you.
Lol....really???? Russia has infiltrated the NFL?? How do people get stuck voting for these Democrat nuts??
If you are referring to Lankford as Democrat, he is supposed to be a Republican. I am from Okla and unfortunately voted for him. So sad.
Why dont you guys get off the russia story & get things done like health care & tax reform
Yes indeed. And I wonder what Lankford thinks now about the Russian story. He is an
embarrassment to Okla. So disappointed.
Not becoming.  ARE and anti-USA
Russia had nothing to do w/ that crook losing the election!You might have brainwashed Liberals that can't see past the lies, but we are woke
Unfortunately, Lanford is supposed to be a conservative Repub. Fooled me.
Research into how sneaky CIA programs can make bots look Russians.Antifa chaos related/Divide races related/Russia is ruse,Sen.open.(Soros)
Until your party ousts Putin's puppet in the Oval Office and his cronies, Russia will continue to have great influence in US affairs.
How’d that work out for you 
Something tells me that as soon as all you repugnicans are out of office the Russian problem will disappear.
Boy, what do the #Russians have on you? You are woefully misinformed about reality. Lying to your constituents to frame your narrative? #SAD
They might be meddling but the division was caused by Americans!!
Tell the Orange Clown... he's Putins dummy
It will be funny thinking about all of the half-wits who are boycotting the NFL! Perhaps some can use the extra time to mow their lawns
No need because they got the message and are standing up again.... They even sent letters telling their fans before the game.
Just now reading this ridiculous tweet. By now, we shud know the #RealRussiaStory Tic-Toc
Then help us! Get the Russian operatives out of the White House!
Thank you!
Yes, Senator and our POTUS is delivering the goods as well. Once the @RepSenators get enough maybe we can unite and do right! #impeach
Yes, I hope you will help lead the ignorant Oklahoma people. Such blatant racism is so obvious in your state. Just read comments on any news
As an Oklahoman, I can attest to that. Unfortunately, most ppl here don't even realize they're racist. No great role models here these days.
Move to California.
So Russia is making players kneel ...
Russian mind control!!!!!  Haha Russians and tigers and bears, oh my
Scary someone on the intelligence committee could be so dumb. Americans are fed up with the disrespect of US. Not Russia. What don't u get?
This I've been telling NFL for a year. Weren't you disturbed by lack of respect for flag? My son was flown home under a flag. Not Russian
Very sorry to hear of your tragic loss. Most ppl will not nor try and understand what it'd be like in ur shoes. God's biggest blessing 2 you

I’ll direct you to your own statements and votes in support of @realDonaldTrump who’s campaign has direct connections with said Russians.
Direct connections that none of you shills can show any kind of proof of.
Senator call him out by name! You have yet to do that; you continue to put party over country
The most important first step is get the President to acknowledge that Russia did interfere.
The only people who had something to do with election meddling were Hillary and entire Obama Admin
Not fake news that Russia meddled. Scary that we aren't working to prevent it from happening again.
Take your meds! There are no Russians! Did you just have dinner with Maxine?
Im not a Russian bot nor am I interested in #FakeNews from you. I am an #AMERICAN AND I #BoycottNFL and #BoycottNFLSponsor for my #flag
That’s hilarious that the president literlly sides with Russia trolling instead of seeking and open forum in search of justice #classiest
U r nutz
You’re are really screwed in the head! Because of you & the DemoRats a majority of Americans can’t afford to even go to Russia 
I think the rich spoiled athletes are the ones creating division. #boycottNFL
How the hell were u ever elected?.  Russians aren't interfering, Americans don't like the flag disrespected, get back on your meds!
OMG.... Russia again. No evidence. Unless you look at the evidence against DNC and HRC. What the hell!
Just so you I AM NOT a Russian Troll. I live in Kansas. I’m strongly opposed to the NFL on #TakeAKneeNFL   I say #TakeAStandNotAKnee
See this..
IT'S CLUELESS
END OF STORY

STOP FEEDING IT 
OUR MONEY

■■IT'S DANGEROUS ■■
@SenatorLankford One thing I keep noticing is how you love being in front of the camera. Liberal networks. What happened to Ok values?
@SenatorLankford  fellow Oklahoman one of your voters. I am beyond a shame of you. YOU ARE NOW A SWAMP CREATURE!! No vote here reelection
THIS IS ANOTHER #FAKENEWS STORY YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THE LIBERAL PRESS HAS TO CONFUSE & DECEIVE US! IT'S A SAUL ALINSKY MARXIST AGENDA
I cannot believe the good people of Oklahoma elected such a worthless US Senator as you have become. RINO and stupid as well
I don't think Russians forced the rich spoiled athletes to kneel. You should delete this obvious political tweet or get on your knees also

I am from Oklahoma and you just lost my vote, again.  You have to be a complete moron to still believe the Russian narrative.
Assuming bots ethnicity. Very liberal of you.
Idiot
.You are out of your mind with the LUNACY
ARE YOU CRAZY?!!?!! WE THE PEOPLE ARE FED UP!!!
I voted for and supported you and loved you since day one and before, from Falls Creek to the Senate. I'm heartbroken.
For speaking the truth?  A truth your mind can’t accept?
Wow, really!  Are you along with @SenJohnMcCain #sengrahm #mitchmcconnell & other #RINOs taking #Soros money? How much did soros give you?
Take your false narratives and fertilize your lawn with them.  You know we are not Russian trolls, we see your fear losing the election.
You are insane if you think WE Americans upset at the NFL are Russian  trolls.  That is your reply to everything you dislike.  Issue is YOU.
I assure you I am a American and NFL fan who is outraged congress has a low approval rating get out there and repeal ocare pass trumpsbudget
Foreign actors have used media to meddle in our affairs for a very long time.
Many people have the ability to think for themselves, and do not blindly follow social media trends.
If you are dumb enough to believe this I will actively campaign against you I don't care WHO you're friends w #Ok constituent
I'm sorry Senator, but while I think Russia as well as a hand full of other countries meddle w/America, its the progressives damaging us.
I pray to God there are enough of you left our there, who realize that, is the real problem with America's national security.
The people who took the time and came out to vote for a Republican was because Donald Trump was running to beat the sniveling ones offered.
We are not bots, we are the tolerant ones who follow the laws of America. But let me ask you, when we have nothing left to lose, what then?
We cannot even talk outside of our homes about conservative ideas without some lunatics screeching, beating or shooting at us. #FreeSpeech ?
Don't think the American people can be beaten down like that or more much longer. Lunatics calling for impeachment while Hillary walks free?
FFS
LMAOOOOOOOOO are you for real?!?!?!?
Wrong @SenatorLankford and just stop spreading untrue points!  The true is coming out and by the time all is knowing there’s going jail time
#fakenewscnn pushing Bull Sh.t story! Claims hard evidence #russia involved in #BoycottNFL 
If true r better patriots than idiots on #CNN
Imagine the day when you actually take responsibility for things yourself... did the Russians untie your shoelaces too, little buddy?
Hahahaha! My VPN Routes through "Russia" just for this purpose! You guys are a joke! Git gud Noobs! If you can't internet, don't try!
When is Obama going to be investigated for allowing the unmasking of Americans and his criminal activities?

Please tell your people when are you going to investigate Hillary rigging our election?

Maybe he should learn the history of our flag and the truth behind the Star Spangled Banner!
dude, you are so delusional!!!
stop eating those mushrooms, stop using Hillary's concierge Podesta for blind dates w/ children and abstain from drinking human blood.
I am not a ruskie troll.
I CALL BULLSHIT!
Poor Senator. It isn't the Russians. Get yourself informed please
I'm a Russian troll!! F.U. 
#CNNisISIS 
#BoycottNFL
Its was liberal Facebook and Russia
Not #Russians causing dissent between the American public and the #NFL.  Look to #LindaSansour & #CAIR - #MuslimBrotherhood, #BLM, #ANTIFA

You delusional, impotent needledick. If you spent 5 minutes with working people you wouldn't insult their principles about patriotism.
Whack jobs need to look at where the Russian influence was..Dead ass in the Demoroids corner..
Langford setting up his CNN gig for when he gets primaries.
Lmfao that wasn't trolls! That was angry Americans like me! Stop spreading lies!


Holy shit. The creepy ass old man stalker is back. You're a ridiculous perve and need to go away
did you take off your aluminum foil hat again?
Give it a rest. I'm more worried about the political elites, like yourself. #GOPe #DeepState

Obama is the Russian who started all the BS going on you Dim Witt
This "Russia did it" line is getting very Goddamned STALE. Either put up or SHUT UP.
Don't believe this BS strictly racial issues without help from Russia get off the Russia blame game
Wow I could never trust a senator that listens to & believes CNN/MSNBC after all the lies they have spewed. Shocking & sad. #DrainTheSwamp
Are you or have you ever had a real job? I mean ever, so far removed I cannot reply.
Oh thank you, oh wise one.  Really, I can make up my own mind on these issues.
Is this even a serious tweet? This hysteria is coming from a sitting Senator? God help us!
Julian Assange says that he has PROOF that it was not Russia! You are on the Sen. Intel Comm. you have an obligation to review his proof.
The only Russian I know is my hair stylist, and I despise the @NFL and @NFLPA for this protest bullshit. YOU are the problem.
And the politicians and media fed into it all for their own gains...or at least thought it would be...

Have you lost your mind? Please use brain.
So when will you call for charges against Hillary for working with the Russians?  Or are you in on the kickbacks?  Nice try!
I cannot even believe that I just read that from one of our Lawmakers! This is the HYSTERIA AND STUPIDITY thriving in chaos THEY create!
 Honest to God. Just when we think we have heard it all.
Quit wasting our tax dollars on the "Russia meddles" crap.
We voted for of our own free will - Donald Trump. 
Check on $1,5B Hillary spent
I'm not russian
#BoycotttheNFL

Call Budwiesier, 18003425283 then 1 and criticize their adds supporting Kneelin in sports. They wanna response,they may pull the adds1 #MAGA
Lol lib trash pusher only lib idiots believe this garbage
Why would Russia need to intervene? Idiots like you who spread this crap cause enough divisiveness all on your own.
Why are you getting involved in the NFL mess?
Please tweet again after you've sobered up.
You are nuts!   Plan your retirement.
#Libs/#MSM create division in this country by dividing us by race/color/religion/sex, Victims=Voters Political Correctness makes it worse!
The NFL played with fire by taking a knee. Now they're feeling the burn. For your info, Americans don't buy the Dem's Russia foolishness.
Don't forget this story
Please senator don't get involved in this Russian propaganda! We have bigger issues than Russian "trolls" !!
Just boycott NFL. That simple 
Seriously?
This isn't a Russian tactic. It's a liberal tactic. Want proof, see the 60s + early 70s
You're out of your soulless ginger mind...
Langford must have received a bag full of money from some lobbyists.
It is the enemy within not the Russian
Podesta emails reveal that Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg wanted Hillary Clinton to win "badly", provided research to her in March 2015 and met privately with her on multiple occasions. https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/  
Are you F-ing kidding me???  This one may as well be a liberal! #Russia #Russia #Russia
The only meddling by Russia that has been factually proven is collusion with dems such as your self. We shall not be brainwashed any longer!
.@HillaryClinton destroyed subpoenaed emails to obstruct justice & had an illegal server which the .@FBI & DOJ has covered for. Russians???
Senator, are YOU on the Russian payroll with the Clintons, McCain, Zuckerberg, & Podesta?
NOooo, again it's not the Russians, but the usual suspects such as Soros, Obombus, Killary, and their minions.
#trollfarms #boycottsenlankfort what an idiot
This is such a crock of donkeyshat. #CONgress is bunch of corrupt criminals. Senator, we're not asking 4 #Justice, we're DEMANDING it #Fight
If you ever paid tuition to an educational institution you should ask for a refund. Otherwise, the public school system really let you down.
You have got to be kidding. Democrats divided this nation. They threw citizens under bus for illegals
Russia has nothing to do being pissed off at the NFL. Unless Russia paid Kaepernick to be a  which revealed how anti American the NFL is.
You're govt propaganda isn't going 2 work anymore. Comey lied under oath as did Clinton, Brennan & Clapper. Where's g'dam charges Senator?
It's not the damn Russians!  It the looney left who have been sowing discontent and threatening people!
The level of stupidity in this govt is mind blowing. Russians caused Americans to want to stand for the National Anthem. Good grief
Tell me, are you & Hank Johnson smoking together? Have some Doritos & get back to work, get high on your own time.
What's in your closet, Sir?
Substitute the word Democrats instead of Russia and it's spot on.
Can you provide video of an SVR agent, kicking the legs out from under NFL players? I didn't think so. They chose to disrespect the flag.
ILLEGALS cost US TAXPAYERS 135 BILLION per yr, WHY aren't you fighting to DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS? #DEPORTTEHMALL
Now communism has taken over sports
NFL's disrespect has nothing to do with Russia, in fact the Russia excuse is old and Democrats need to face the facts we are fed up with u
Russians funded FB ads for Clinton during election and tried to keep it a secret. Do you have a problem with that, @senatorlankford?
U r  trying 2 sound statesmen like but instead u sound like a first class putz
Jimmy pull that head out of your backside before you mutate into a Washington liberal
This is bull crap at its finest!
What you are saying then is Russia has total control of the Democrats and the liberal left. Correct?
The Russian blame game has ended! Perhaps YOU @SenatorLankford should READ the current news and turn off #FakenewsCNN
I don't believe the Americans turning of the NFL or burning their merchandise are Russian or influenced by Russians. They are just angry.
U r a f'ing idiot!
So do Democrats. Should we let them succeed? I'm saddened that our great country continues to elect propagandists such as yourself, Jimbo.
CNN is the 'russian troll' Listen to the alarm in their voices. Years and years of ads and no concern until NOW?? BS Take ur minds back.
Your statement is devoid of the fact that the Democratic Party has created identity politics to do the same thing. The reality is that it's tragic and sad that an American group could be so divisive and hate Americans. 
#StoptheMadness
#MAGA
Lmao how in the f*ck did u get elected ? Of all the idiotic ideas floating around, this has got to be the worst.
Really? Come on Lankford. What flavor is that koolaid you're drinking? Establishment is a flavor?
Good Lord Dude, That Russia Crap is just that. Crap!
Sir - I'm an American

Russia didn't do this. The @NFL did

I'm done with...

Racist

Cop hating

America hating

self important

entitled

overpaid

under-prosecuted

Grown ass men who think playing a game as thief job makes them a hero
*their job
CNN need go off the air problem solved fake news
Lankford~ this is so far from THE TRUTH. RUSSIA is not the issue. It's you RINOS/Never Trumpers & DEMS causing division from within.
please, keep getting medicine before your sleep daily, do not miss
No idiot Langford. We are Americans that are taking back our country from you destructive liberals. Get it!! MAGA, exactly what you hate!
Thank you Senator!

Talk to Media there the brain washing the left and now they are so damage they won’t be able to think on their own

So are the Russians behind this as well? How much did they pay for this? #russians @realdonaldtrump #idiots
Omg. You are ridiculous. All career politicians must go.
