I'm okay with reversing the act if you're okay with taking away their tax exemptions.
so do muslims.
only if they are citizens.
PLEASE tell me how nonprofit employees have no constitutional rights? This guy is clueless on constitutional law.
good them make them pay taxes on their bazillion dollar homes and airplanes..lets tax religion.if you preach politics u pay
the People do, not their job.
Then churches need to pay taxes.
And the duty to pay taxes
Amendment's not broken. If churches want political speech, they can pay taxes like the rest of us.
If churches want to be more involved in politics then they should start paying taxes.
might want to read that article again slick.
when they start paying taxes.
It's crystal clear: 501(c)3 organizations cannot be tax exempt and collect $ to get involved in politics- PAY TAXES!!
You appear to be mistaking PEOPLE for NONPROFITS - people can say anything, the nonprofit can't make official statements
Senator, political speech began in churches. Just abolish the Johnson Amendment. Pastors were the most ardent Patriots!
will they give up the tax exempt status for this?  Haha
as one of your constituents I hope your joking. This is a way for churches to hide  & lobby w/o shame w/o limits.  again!
Such a bad idea. Tsk tsk
@potus  Idiot, helps keep church & state separate - is part of our Constitution. They need to stop the tax exempt status
Another #GopSellout. There's important reason to have Church & State separated. Go read a history book if u don't know why.
Fix your priorities. Both God and OK's children are not your political weapons or bargaining chips. http://m.newsok.com/article/5536698 
#JohnsonAmendment keeps all versions of sharia law from being enacted including the evangelical version.
Don't pretend like you care about people's rights
Amazed at how people vote for these politicians.
attention #pastors who want to speak about politics instead  their churches instead saving Souls then pay taxes
Have you read the first amendment?
#Pastors & #Christians alike according to your religion it is your job to save Souls not to tell people how to #vote
PEOPLE have rights. BUSINESSES should not. Especially ones using American people's tax dollars.
http://www.thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/davidbadash/far_right_republican_senator_announces_bill_to_allow_churches_to_endorse_political_candidates?recruiter_id=2&utm_content=buffer662b1&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
you and so-called @POTUS realize this will include all churches, right, not just Christian?
so separation of church and state. Keep your religion out of it. If you want a say then heavy taxes you should pay!
also take a constitutional 101 class. Anyone who works for a non-profit can exercise the first amendment.
(cont'd). Colonial Pastors were called "the black robe regiment" by the British! If captured, they were treated worse!
its the non profit organization that must comply.  People can voice their concerns but not as reps of the organization.
no one, in their capacity as an authority figure, should endorse any political candidate to their captive audience.
Then they should also pay taxes, just as businesses & individuals to. Don't expect special treatment.

People who work for nonprofits have always had rights. Its the nonprofit itself that is distinguished. Big difference.
people you work for are saying NO TO DEVOS. Listen to us!! And to hell with this idea!
and obligations, such as paying taxes #PoliticalSpeech is no free lunch
Political proselytizing on the Public Dime is not okay Senator, and you know it. Just more GOP election rigging.
People, that is individuals have constitutional rights, not Churches or other Non-Profits, or Corporations for that matter.
YOU. ARE. AN EMBARRASSMENT.
78% of ALL Americans hate Citizens United. Why should we support this?
Not that the #JohnsonAmendment is truly enforced anyways. Employees are allowed to have opinions. This is utter nonsense.
As individuals, yes. Not as an organization.
I work for a non-profit. I feel as if the amendment NEEDS to be in place. Talk to actual non-profit workers, don't assume.
, why are you talking about the employees of non-profits, i.e. individuals free to act, when your bill is not about them?
You know what's *not* a constitutional right? 501(c)(3) status.
Oh, goodie! We get to tax them now, right?
And they can speak however they want on THEIR time. As a non-profit however, they should stay silent. Or pay taxes. 

@SenatorLankford
Then by all means, if religious orgs want same freedom, let them pay taxes like everyone else. #SeparationOfChurchAndState
if you dismantle the #JohnsonAmendment you are then you are persecute minority religions. 2nd Church & state s/b separate.
so will churches be paying taxes now?
If they want all the same rights as individuals, they should pay their dang taxes!
True.  And as individuals, in their individual capacity, great.  In their institutional capacity, not so great.
how about getting the Church of Scientology outta there?
agreed...and they should then be taxed at the corporate rate.
How do NFP employees have rights limited by #JohnsonAmendment? Nothing in it stops any person from having/sharing opinions
they still do as individuals.  This tweet is misleading. In fact, 501c3's stepping it dilutes an individuals voice
sure, let them start paying taxes....
People can have any opinions they want. Organizations are not "people".
corporations and organizations aren't people. If they want to endorse in their personal life, fine.
Then let them pay taxes & take away their non-profit status. Can't have it both ways.
are you going to tell them they have to pay taxes now?
If that is the case, then Churches should start paying tax. They would no longer be separated from the state!
This is not a good idea to get rid of it. What are the plans to close any loop holds?
don't play dumb: this is campaign fund laundering and you know it.  This is not about free speech.
Hope someone elected as a senator would know that a persons rights as priv citizen not the same as a tax supported entity
Then they can pay taxes like the rest of us. Say what this is really about: funneling money through churches for elections.
that's fine!! But, pay taxes like everyone else then.
People have rights, legal entities have boundaries. It's not that complicated.
if they undo this - churches better start paying taxes. You can't have your cake n eat it too.
Then they need to pay taxes like everyone else!!!
.@SenatorLankford 1) What happens when other religions' institutions start using it? 2) Can they start paying taxes too? #JohnsonAmendment
as private people, not as nonprofits.
Sir, nonprofit employees are already free to speak about policies. They are only barred from ENDORSING CANDIDATES.
Churches should pay taxes then. But I bet that isn't happening.
but you can't be tax-exempt and be an organized coalition
yes, as individual citizens
Doesn't need "fixing." Separation of ALL churches and state prevents theocracies. Read a history book sometime.
They do not have the right to not pay taxes. They can speak all they want, but be subject to the same laws.
Maybe you should leave church and state be and worry about how your state is cutting budgets everywhere.
and why should I have a rape baby and with no federal help paying for it??
what was wrong with ONE NATION INDIVISIBLE? We will have that back as our forefathers intended.
then they should cough up the taxes and the nice cars they drive better than their worshippers.
Yes, they do still have constitutional rights, and they're free to exercise them already, Johnson Amend. notwithstanding. @SenatorLankford
but those nonprofits don't and should not have those same constitutional rights
This was to stop the Catholic Church. For that reason I agree.  It helps CAIR, for that reason I'm opposed. Focus on Taxes!
where is the separation of church and state?  Welcome to Trumps Fascist American!
Employees have the right to endorse whom they want! Publically! Just not thru org. Yr being hyperbolic and misleading.
Past time to pay taxes!
they can do whatever they want. But they will loose their tax exempt status. https://www.irs.gov/uac/charities-churches-and-politics …
I have a 25-year NP career!Separation of church and state, sir. Read the constitution! This is not appropriate!
Hello!!!! Clue phone ringing!!!!!! Separation of church and state on the line!
did someone drop you on your head repeatedly as a child? #republicanjesus
so do green card holds
please focus on keeping Bannon out of Nat'l Security Council
churches want to get political? Fine, just give up their tax exempt status and they can do whatever they like.
yes they do as individuals, but should not as an organization! I am sure even you can understand what a bad idea this is!
. @SenatorLankford Yes. We do. And we're free to exercise them in our free time. You know, as tax paying citizens.
this is really low on my priority list. So many things we need more, infrastructure, education, etc.
you've heard of the separation of church and state, right? It's fundamental to our democracy. Strengthen or leave it alone.
Churches should pay taxes if they want to use their influence to endorse political candidates.
Political churches could fund campaigns, opens the backdoor to non-taxable campaign contributions. How will you prevent it?
We are a representative democracy, not a theocracy, regardless of your efforts to the contrary.
. Sir I look forward to hearing the answers to the questions I have posed previously.
. Please sir expl to me why churches need this protection?If their teachings are strong enough cong. will vote the right way
#JohnsonAmendment does not violate the first amendment or prevent from endorsing/opposing candidates
#Johnsonamendment keeps the separation of church and state so ur religion is NOT free to interfere with my beliefs.
As private citizens, not as the officer of a church. If the church wants to pay taxes then they can exercise free speech.
again, terrible line of reasoning. The individual's right is not being infringed by Johnson.
as theo scholar/minister #JohnsonAmendment protects houses of worship. Okie Rel Ldrs will not go along
But as an individual, they have the right to express their personal thoughts outside of their professional setting.
A preacher from a pulpit, or your supervisor should not encourage their congregants or employees to vote a certain way.
Neither should "professors" and teachers
Not in their official capacity. Personally is their own business.
Can you provide a list of your priorities since this is WAY down mine? People can talk about politics as a person.
doesn't this open the door for churches to create political action committees? That's NOT what church is about.
Churches that want to get in to politics should pay taxes.
So should 501(c)(3) like Planned Parenthood
Planned Parenthood Action Fund a 501c4 engages in political activity. Rove's American Crossroads used the same scheme. Legal.
Yet they funnel millions in government funding to the action fund. I propose the NRA should receive government funding
No they don't as that would be illegal. What public service would the NRA provide that would justify government funding.
What service does PP provide that a free clinic non-abortion provider can't?
Which 'free clinic non abortion provider' in OK are you referring to?
There are far too many to list in only 140 characters.
I never did understand how the Johnson Amendment came to be without even a vote.  I agree it needs to be fixed.
