that's because we have NO ONE to negotiate any prices..kickbacks and porkbellies
1/ Be a leader.  Work w Dems to find a solution that helps OK have more access to healthcare. Don't
Too bad you republicans can't do anything to fix it. Sad.
why do you hate poor people and the medically underserved?  Get your state to expand Medicaid.  Heartless.
We need single payer health care.
Because your buddy, Marco Rubio, eliminated risk pools, designed to help out ins companies.
Try talking to Mary Fallin about this. She is to blame, not the ACA.
And this is OKLAHOMA'S fault.Don't treat your constituents like they're stupid. Love America #oklahoma @GovMaryFallin
Time for you to Work for the citizens and Fix the Problems!
4/ Christ took care of the poor and healed the sick without shaming them. -remember that.
2/ just be part of no. OK accepts fed money thru Dept of Ag, Ed, Transportation, FEMA after disasters
Please properly fund the risk corridor. That would make a big difference.
.@SenatorLankford you seem to forget that @GovMaryFallin refuses to accept the medicaid expansion funds. This would help a lot.
that's our governor's fault you hack
keep working on a solution please!
Because CEOs of those companies continue 2 raise their salaries. The increase isn't due to ACA, its selfish insurance ceos.
improve the ACA then. Btw who has that increase? I didnt. They need help.
spend your time convincing another insurer to come in. If you commit to the ACA the water will be fine.
We are paying for Trump to play golf again total $36 mil for him alone that is meals on wheels for 12 years for veterans.
HHS Secretary Price should b working on it. Remember step 2 of Ryan's plan. That should go ahead. Push for it to go ahead!
Truly with your decision making and screwing of the state and country dont plan on staying you and Inhofe gotta go
that's because we have idiots running this state. wouldn't have happened if ok took feds money! #oklahomafirstatbeinglast
you want Obamacare to fail even if your constituents suffer.  Selfish.
Or, y'all might come up with some regulations that prohibit the insurance companies from threatening and blackmail just so they get richer!
3/ and more with no problem. Not expanding Medicaid is purely political and people are dying.
Can you work with Bernie Sanders?
the health care bill from the house of was and is a very bad bill.  Perhaps you should auctually reach across the isle
if our irresponsible gov would have opted in to Medicaid expansion we wouldn't be we're we are.
you do realize it's because our governor refused Medicaid expansion right? Like you get that?
Man, if only we had a representative body that made laws and compromised to lead on such important matters...
Listen to the citizens of Oklahoma & stop looking at everything from your personal viewpoint. Stop being a Ryan/Trump sheep
So spend our valuable time(that WE as citizens pay you for) fixing the things that need tweaked, not trashed.
Did you see a post on your site saying that most of the 76% would be off-set in subsidies. The whole truth would be good.
I thought you were Christian?  Jesus healed the sick and feed the poor.  You prevent these good works.  Shame.
We should have expanded Medicaid like Arkansas. Our Governor & Legislator could have avoided this.  You never listen.
We know this.  What are you going to do to help us?
Once again, stop using phrases coined by partisan hacks in DC. The name of it is Affordable Care Act or #ACA
For that, you can blame our state govt for denying the federal funds. Thanks Fallin et al.
ACA is here to stay..it has been over 7 yrs....you sat lifeless on its problems...NOW it's time to FIX it...not destroy it!
What would be the situation if Okla had expanded Medicaid?  We will never know because the GOP does not care who is hurt.
then how about you guys fix the issues with ACA rather than trying to build a whole new system.
Take all that nonexistent "Great Wall" money and accept the necessity for Medicare expansion
If Governor Fallin had accepted the Medicare expansion and the Affordable Healthcare Act Oklahoma wouldn't be hurting.
We both know it wont affect your family's coverage. How about accepting same Trumpdontcare healthcare as your constituents?
That's because because Oklahoma never accepted Obamacare. With Trumpcare, we'll have 3-5x that amount of increase.
Has Blue Cross Blue Shield announced their intention to pull out of OK market?
Make our governor in Oklahoma take the federal exchanges like other states where rates didn't rise. #realfacts #doyourjob
Trumpcare was pitiful.
The GOP had 7 years to draft a better plan. Seven YEARS. This is all on you, Buddy.
7 years and you offer crap. Most nations have Affordable Health Care, and GOP offers crap.
I'm sure you'll be working to get everyone the same benefits you get.
Time 4 u to prevent that.  Oh and not by throwing 24M people off health insurance. Any1 who would vote 4 #Trumpcare is not pro-life.
Forrest you need to check your facts from your Dimmocrat talking points.  Reason the cost are going up up up.
Health care have gone every year for at least 20. But hey, enlighten w/ur wisdom.
How come other states are doing much better than Oklahoma? Work with Dems in true bipartisan fashion to improve the ACA.
cause our state is run by greedy people that don't care
that might not be the case if OK accepted Medicaid expansion.
you might want to look at our governor as a large part of that problem.
Then support a #PublicOption, already. It's much cheaper with far better coverage. Med Ins Co's are unnecessary for care.
@RepMullin listen to the american people @PRyan #repealobamacare not replaced to please your corporate friends
AHCA was not the answer. Support for it means you care more for an Obama policy repeal than creating a better plan.
So stop complaining and fix it.
It's unbelievable that we still allow the democrats to destroy our country with republicans in power. Very disappointed.
Huh? This is all on Republicans who have the house, senate and White House and 7 years to make own plan.
And they have 7 years to turn this sinking ship around.
Fix the problems. Don't magnify them by passing the AHCA.
Fix the problems of ACA.  There are basic fixes.  Americans want healthcare, not simply access to healthcare.
Instead of repealing Obamacare why not just fix the problems that it has. Is this really just a personal thing
Those that object to #AHCA did it b/c they want a perfect plan. Which won't happen. We just can't survive with #Obamacare.
Why is #Oklahoma one of only five states that have only one insurer? Most states have multiple insurers.
@GovMaryFallin denied the Medicare expansion funding. That's why!
"Fallin's refusal...means the federal government will establish and operate ONE in Oklahoma"
Simple solutions: Expand Medicaid. STOP CALLING IT OBAMACARE (he's not in office anymore remember?) & boost @insureoklahoma
REPUBLICAN LIE REPUBLICAN B S .
You could get the Governor to allow the Medicaid expansion.  That might help some people.  Just a thought.
Both sides HAVE to work together to get the best plan done for the people.
GOP should've written a better bill.  They've had 8 years to come up w/ a plan.  Should've included Rand.
Ryan needs to be kicked to the curb and all who was with him on this Obama care lite!
this is why insurance needs to be open across state lines.  More competition = less cost for people.
Full repeal
Obamacare is basically sound.  Economists say that stiffer penalties will make it work very well for all.
Actually if everyone was included (government employees too) it would be less expensive for everyone.
Because our governor and state legislature failed to do their part to allow Oklahomans  to fully participate.
clearly the House needs to put forward a bill that actually repeals Obamacare then.
Should have expanded Medicare.
Medicaid*
well then fully repeal and open Free market again. Give healthcare choice back to the people not the govt
Because the free market only wants to insure people they can make a profit off.
