Curiously, every time you guys talk about this, you fail to state what the subsidies were to offset the cost increases.
No Senator, early indications show GOP as a dismal failure for Americans and a fatter wallet for insurance industry.
According to US Dept of Health and Human Services, 192,000 Okies who were uninsured got insured through ACA.
The R replacement of the ACA will mean fewer Okies have insurance, those who do will pay more, and wealthy get a tax cut.
Your use of the word "should" is curious.  You don't believe in the proposal?  Not sure it will take care of everyone?
Oklahoma did not accept Medicaid expansion. How is that going to hurt Oklahomans under Trumpcare?
Impeach and replace. Healthcare can wait
this would have been a great idea in March 2009
Oh you mean right before he helped pull the economy out of a deep recession. You could've done without that
nope. Never pulled out of recession, he just PRINTED $$$. Obama GDP never hit 3% growth, that's not recovery, slick
The inflation was already present. It generally takes 4 years for policies to have an economic impact, besides ...
you are a fool. imam obama had 8 years, not 4, and his economy failed. RINOs gave him everything but Garland. Fool!
They had an open policy of denying any policy pushed by the admin & tried to shutdown the govt every few months. fool
It seems as though you have quite a bit of growing up to do although you're probably at/near retirement age. Good luck with ...
Appx. 85% of Okies get subsidies to offset those increases.  Those will decrease if R plan to base subsidies on age passes.
You think it's ok to charge seniors more for insurance because we're old. Just allow assisted suicide, since YOU DON'T CARE
NO OBAMACARE LITE! Get it right this time. #RandAid
are you going to vote to exempt yourself from this new plan???
This plan would not have covered my pregnancy in 2009. Like the plan I had then didn't. I almost went bankrupt. No thanks.
So much for pro-life. I guess fetuses don't matter after all.
many problems caused by not opting in program. Thank Mary
Let's remember it was Oklahoma's governor who caused this problem. Do not #RepealAndReplace #fixit Love America #DoYourJob
and your governor @GovMaryFallin brilliantly declined Medicaid expansion. "Should" lower costs? That's all you have?
So basically Lankfordcare is a big tax cut for the wealthy and a big pile of  for everyone else.
Sir my family has empl provided ins & went up 25% last year w/$4000ind $8000 family ded and still pay 20% of all expenses
That has no connection to ACA, James. That is corporate greed
now, now don't speak ill of Jimmy's corporate masters, aka his true constituents.
the new healthcare bill discriminates against the elderly, when tax credits are less than others.
Go get 'em Senator! You are our Champion to fight the criminal Dems and paid off GOP!!
He's part of the paid off GOP derp
shhhhhhhhh.....
hey senator how about just REPEAL?
How about you take a long walk on a short pier
oh you have gotta be kidding! 5 year old boys not allowed on Twitter go play with your legos!
Carl all you have is cheap shot ad homenim attacks. I will explain ad hominem if you don't understand slick
mr senator oklahomans have a governor who refused the subsidy to the  ACA! Perhaps we should consider out of control insur!
We need single payer health care.
, my increase was 52% in '16 and then 92% in '17. I don't think Obamacare is totally to blame. .
#FullRepeal w/Market-driven competition to lower cost not todays rollout"fixer-upper of Obamacare" NoMandates,NoCadilacTax!
please listen to your constituents, we believe health care is a right not a privilege, not your personal beliefs either.
listen to real Okies not libs from Cali. There is no right to health care in the constitution.
Without health care, we might not have life. Without life, we have no choice.
constituent here, would like to see what CBO has to say before passing judgement. Pls do same
Thank you Mary!!!
Seniors and others are left out to dry
That has seen it says different. The only people who say it will@lower costs is tied to 45 in some manner.
Someone 60 yrs old making $20k gets 90% premium subsidy with Obamacare. Lankfordcare will provide $4k for $10k premium.
How would you know the "new" plan cuts costs. The CBO hasn't released costs. However virtually every person
"should lower costs" is all you've got ?
How many will lose health coverage? What does CBO say?  Have you READ THE BILL?  Stop trying to sell us a bill of goods.
You know as the rest of us, the chief problem for OK rural hosp was not ACA but refusal to expand M-aid
are you considering voting on this bill BEFORE it is scored by the CBO?
You do what makes your donors happy, not what's truly best for Oklahomans.
I hope so. I'd to have good insurance back in our family! ACA is the biggest scam!  #RepealAndReplace hurt so many
Ryancare  won't help and most likely will hurt you
bogus new plan will cause millions to lose health insurance.   Vote for universal healthcare!
In the year's of Obamacare, a bud's monthly prem. increased $495 to $950. Thankfully a charity pays it as older illnesses -
Why does this bill include tax breaks for insurance co execs who make over $500k a year? How does that expand options?
Will your stance potentially change if the CBO score is unfavorable? #Trumpcare #ACA
yeah I want health care that's exactly like yours and same price.
.@SenatorLankford what are the best ways to lower costs and expand options? Are health insurance companies willing to work with you on this?
As your constituent....again, you don't listen. The poor and old will suffer. Keep the ACA.
Will we see the CBO score before you vote?
hmmm, and lower taxes for the wealthy, make it more difficult/impossible to find affordable insurance for mid/lower income
7 years and all you have is a vague promise?
It's not the ins. cos. fault. We need transparency in the cost of care and drugs. That's the problem!!
I agree, but it is the insurance companies' fault too; they could combat pricing
lower the cost & expand options if you are young or rich.
the key word here is SHOULD... it lets me know you have no idea what it will do.
But how many Oklahomans gained heath care through the exchange.
And what happens to number of insured?  Which s/be one of your top concerns.
What happened to keep my insurance, lower my cost? "Options" doesn't sound like keep my insurance at a lower rate.
solo we'll still be the worst state. No change....
how does this work with a broke state?
Because companies took advantage of it and all the while their CEOs increased their profit. We're not all that stupid Sir.
Please nuke Obamacare Lite.
And the most vulnerable suffered immeasurably because of @GovMaryFallin criminal failure to expand Soonercare.
we want the same health care plan that you guys get.
EXACTLY!!!
that would be amazing!!
Republicans gave the @GOP full control bc we wanted #FullRepeal not some crappy #Trumpcare replacement.
They should also do away with the individual mandate for CAR insurance.
That's like saying mortgage rates increased so we're giving banks a way to make more predatory loans.
& part of our increases were because we didn't do the Medicaid expansion.. be interesting to see the projections if we had.
What happens if CBO says it won't?
.@SenatorLankford until we address actual healthcare costs/charges AND insurance costs, nothing will really change.
