WATCH: U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. @nikkihaley addresses Security Council on Syria attack. 
.Then urge @POTUS to stop alienating our allies in NATO & the UN. We should also take in more refugees. Let the US be a leader of hope.
We should urge their neighbors to take them in. Don't blame Trump for NATO & UN allowing this to happen.
Their neighbors are taking them in. Jordan is filled beyond capacity with not enough help. Research b4 tweeting #themoreyouknow
Ever hear of Saudi Arabia and some empty tents with AC?  Stop the liberal BS of "I know more than u", Americans r tired of it! #whyulose
Obama's red line.....
Has to do with what?
A line that will live in infamy, just like, "If u like your Doctor, u can keep your Doctor".
Again, has to do with what?  Or do you want to revisit Trumps tweets about Syria?
Obama intervened in Syria just enough to keep the carnage going year after year. He also clicked his heels 3 x's & wished Assad would leave
Again, why don't you tag DJT on this?
Please advise what you can confirm about who released gas. No one certified yet. Please call Assad and ask him   No more war
If Assad is deposed won't jihadists fill the vacuum?
Mr. Lankford it is sad on your voting, explain why President Obama asked to invade Syria and it was denied. And now you blame ppl, this
may have been prevented but nope. Now Trump is going to invade, day late and Dollie short.
SHOULD WE GO TO WAR WITH CHINA. THEY KILL THEIR PEOPLE FOR BODY PARTS.I DO NOT BELIEVE HALF OF WHAT I SEE IN THE MEDIA ANYMORE. NOT OUR WAR.
@jennanjack Is his rule illegitimate?
Holy Crap a critical thinker. Isis would never use chemical weapons to get USA to take out assad for them
Like WMD's?

2yrs ago it was NOT Assad.
Other markings were found.

LIKELY FALSE FLAG to push USA involvement

SLOW DOWN!
Sen lankford your wrong.  We have no proof, we just  have warmongers like McCain and Graham
McCain and Graham just added a new member to their Israel First club. Congrats, Sen. Lankford

Where's the concern for kids in Yemen, Gaza?
You're boss supported him. They have similar views
Yeah, well, not our problem.
@FoxNews @nikkihaley I'm assuming you have proof it was Assad and not A: The rebels B: Fake
Where is the proof?? Have you read the story of Rebels doing this and the story they told an Ap reporter?  Now we know you're a neo-con!
This senator don't want proof. Somebody , on tweeter, pointed out on pic emergency guys don't wear gloves , while caring victims. Old pics?
If we send one American soldier to Syria to die, we sure as hell better send every single Syrian man in the US first.
Actually SOS
The UN says no proof of attack, and if there was an attack, who did it. Stop regime change. OK voter, military spouse. Look at Iraq, Libya.
Bullshit false flag ... Deep State framing Assad to start war with Russia ... what blackmail do they have on you??? 
Where is the proof ,senator, that pointed to Assad's regime ?
Didn't Assad voluntarily dispose of his CW few years ago? How did you come up with this verdict in a day? Easy to see who pulls your strings
There is no way assad did this there is litterly no upside for him. U can kill 500k ppl with bullets but knows 70 ppl with gas it's over
Should we nuke 'em?  Start WWIII?  Let the world wait.
You're a war monger you don't know Assad did it. Last time UN officials said it was the rebels. R Trump's SEAL raids/drone strikes atrocious
And then what? Iraq, Libya, Afghanistan. Fool.
How about they keep Assad, but Netanyahu must go??? That works for me! No more wars for Israel.....
#AmericaFirst
Not sure Assad did this. False flag op suspected. Daddy Ron Paul among the suspicious.

Let's built Greater Israel.  And, make sure you get that pipeline in for the oil/gas boys.  What say you, Senator?
NeoCons... bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.  Wars for Zionist/Globalist/GoyOilGasMen/JewishDonor$$
I used to think this idiot Senator was rational.  Just another PerpetualWar Snake.
STOP FEAR MONGERING AND INCITING WAR. BEEN THERE DONE THAT. STOP AND THINK FOR A SECOND!
let's think for a moment- OP Northwoods, Gulf of Tonkin, WMDs all fake used to usher in WAR.  Prove it! We're tired of WAR!
Don't believe you Senator Lankford. Same narrative that was pushed to invade Iraq.  Used to like you but don't know if I can trust you now.
Watched you with Tucker just now. Thank you for clarifying the topic of certainty that Assad is responsible for this attack.
Why wasn't anything done when the RED LINE was drawn
@TuckerCarlson @seanhannity #Distraction #MoreRussiaFakeNews #ObamaCIAFundedRebels #GlobalistAgenda
BREAKING: Ron Paul knows the "chemical attack" was  #FalseFlag!! HMM I explained this in last night's video!! #MFA http://ln.is/theduran.com/aTElO …
Because @nikkihaley said it, it must be true! Lmao!
#Warmongers
Excellent interview with Tucker!
Send the Senate to fight. We have had enough of your wars.
Look what you guys did to Iraq ... do you want even more American blood shed to install murderers in power?
You don't know if chemicals were stored by the rebels and when they were bombed the chemical was released.Did u learn anything from Libya.
3 times Obama went and begged the Senate to get rid of Assad and 3 times the Senate Denied him..as your leaders Ryan and McConnell..Now vip?
BS
Trump is such a liar and a thief..and you all have been sending troops under cover..as usual 400 went last night..He is Putins buddy both r
It's called killing ISIS that Barry armed
um yeah..right..and we see how that is working..
Who replaces him dawg?
You got a Syrian Ahmed chalabi to takeover?
Maybe we should not let Jordan hold all of the refugee burden. We should do our part.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD PAY FOR I DON'T WANT TO.
@FoxNews @nikkihaley  I hear a lot of outraged talk not seeing much action. Actions over words please sir.
So tell me how that works when we have a President that is under the table allied with Putin who is also allied with #Assad ?
according to USGovt, Assad hasn't had chem weapons since 2013.
it appears 2 hav been air strike that hit terrorists weapons cache which contained chem weapons stockpile
Then talk to Tillerson, Trump, and their buddy, Putin.
HILLARY'S ELECTION TEAM MADE MILLION FROM INVOLVEMENT RUSSIA.
AND SEND BACK EVERY REFUGEE MAKE SAFE ZONE. THESE ARE TERRORIST IN OUR MIDST
