Not full stop.  Your "any race" phrasing implies moral equivalency between NAZIs and BLM.
BLM has never claimed racial superiority.
I agree   But that's not what the radical right thinks. So the senator's vague statement will still imply equivalency.
(And I apologize for the misunderstanding)
Thing is. Racial equality is a good cause, racial supremacy is an abomination. BLM fights for the former, the KKK and the WH the latter
BUT @realDonaldTrump does NOT espouse this belief. So what are YOU going to do about it?
By using the 'any race' phrase, Lankford is not disagreeing with POTUS.
I can't stand Trump. I usually oppose Lankford, but here in OK he at least listens to us (Inhofe? No!). Do you oppose ALL Lives Matter?
Lankford does not listen to OKLA. Remeber his DeVos vote? He refuses to hold a town hall. He will travel to CA for Koch meeting.
You stand with racism then...
You left out @realDonaldTrump Senator.  Also, your tweet is close, but not quite.  Go ahead and say KKK & Nazis are BAD.  You can do it...
He already did that, in detail, and specifically. He did it 'WAY before Trump did.
I've been looking,  and everything I've seen from Lankford has been vague.
Sorry. It was on Facebook. https://www.facebook.com/SenatorLankford/ …
"We fought and defeated the type of Nazism on display today; we cannot and must not ignore the white supremacy, hatred and dissension... "
Ok, a little less ambiguous, but still couched in the 'any race' context: seems to imply there's a symmetry.
Check out my Twitter feed and you'll see I'm not with Lankford on anything. But, he has been vocally unequivocal about this here in OK.
Is there any specific condemnation not including he phrase "any race" or similar?
Hating people because they are white is just as bad as hating people because they are black.  ALL LIVES MATTER!!!
And Trump. His role in this? You support him?
tRump must be impeached!
you dissemble.
Not just Un-American but antithetical to the values of the West.
Yet you continue to support the most dangerous white supremacist in America. Are you afraid of Trump?
But you don’t act on them. It says you support
But equally wrong is the antifa who attacks anyone who disagrees with them! ALL are wrong so let's call it like it is!
neo-Nazis, white supremacists, BLM, and Antifa are all the same.
Your job right now isn't to condemn groups, it's to condemn Donald Trump by name. America is waiting.
Your inability to call out Trump for his hateful rhetoric is disgusting. "Party before people" and self-interests= Lankford's policies.
Speak out against antifa and communists too. Need leaders brave enough to damn all extremists.
Tod, you bot much?
?
Sorry, thought you were a bot.
As a constituent, I expect you to continue to tell the truth. No matter which side extremists claim, they are all at fault
I believe that is what the President said.
But yet you won't condemn DJT. Senator, that's called hypocrisy. You really don't have a moral spine I'm afraid.
ANTIFA Chants "No Trump, No Wall, No USA At All!" (VIDEO)
twitter ^ 

SO CONDEMN THESE GUYS...EH? GO AHEAD SIR.
Way to go setting off the left. You sure your Republican. KKK, Neo-Nazi, skinheads, BLM, Antifa, and the Black Panthers are the same.
I dream of people judged by the content of their character rather than by the color of their skin.  People of character don't riot and hate!
Hating people because they are black is just as bad as hating people because they are white. Maybe there is moral equivalency!
do your job. Enough is enough. What else has to happen for you all to do the right thing.  Impeach
Until you do more than send a pathetic tweet, your words are hollow. You still support this "president". Full stop.
@okienailor @SenatorLankford  Make a real Christian statement and condemn Trumps words including his name.
As an Oklahoman, and I am sickened by how Republicans have overlooked Trump's reprehensible words & actions. This must stop!
#impeach45now
Your words will only count when you sign your name to Articles of Impeachment for Trump & Pence.  Show OK that you are a man of your word.
Helpful reminder:
https://www.gq.com/story/here-are-some-cowards …
Saw your picture today. I was not pleased. When is your townhall? #WhereIsLankford

Antifa came armed they hod No permit. George Soros  tge comunist helped stage this whole thing. Trump was right
https://youtu.be/0O6GuTGucak 
Let me  see your facts  because  all i see is hate from  you. I have veen giving you news  from.all over.
Your words do not go far enough. Denounce @POTUS by name or you continue to enable him. #SayHisName.
Well Done!
Then do something about 45!  Lack of action speaks louder than words.  Lack of action =complicity.
73020. GOP better remove the evil that's infiltrated our executive branch or GOP is doomed & so is our country!!
Thank u for words. Our president supports white supremacy. This looks bad for the @GOP. It is up to you to make words into actions. 
U must call DT out or your words mean nothing. @realDonaldTrump=White Supremacist=Alt Right=White Nationalist=Nazi
#FireBannonMillerGorka
oh really?  Too pathetic to call out Trump's statements?
You are a champion hand-wringer and tut-tutter, Senator!

If only you had some balls.
Heard someone say - Congress has to stand up to this president. And not with words but with deeds. He is destroying this country.
Sen. Lankford, do you still support trump?  Yes or No?  Can you put party over country?  Spkr. Ryan can't or won't.
Letting them chg names of schools wrong thing to do un American
You speak so much, yet you are one of trumps most reliable protective votes in congress. Lies.
Let me leave this little nugget right here:
In your very first email I ever got from you, it stated you supported Trump completely. Not one of his evangelicals have resigned only corp
It's your party doing this! Who are you talking to?
Do you condemn the president's statement on Tuesday?
excellent sir. thank you
So are you going to publicly call out the president for his failure on this?
We need real leadership. We need our Republican leaders to call the President out, by name and say PUBLICLY, "Mr. President, you're wrong!"
Please call President out by name & tell him, "Mr. President, you're wrong. This is America and those ideologies are unAmerican. Full Stop!
Tell your potus- use his name.
Why you telling us? We already know this. Your words are misdirected and cowardly so.
The only people claiming superiority were the alt right,nazi,white supremacists.
Thank you, impeach Trump now
Thank you, sir. But - condemn him BY NAME. Send your message TO HIM DIRECTLY @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Anything else is a sin of omission!
Words mean NOTHING unless they are followed up by ACTION.  Call on Trump to resign, or call on the House to start impeachment process.
"Including the President, who must renounce his false equivalency."
File this under #duh
Your statement is so laden with ambiguity it appears to create a moral equivalency. Was that your intent? Why must you be so weak willed?
#leadership
Read the response to your tweets or JUST STOP TWEETING!
You appear intelligent, USE YOUR WORDS!
You sound exactly like @POTUS - Call a spade a spade & Nazi, white supremacy, KKK what they are.
"Our" words aren't causing confusion senator. The man you support and voted for however is a different story
A little short SEN. Name him
It's only full stop when you act.  Otherwise enough with the platitudes
As an Oklahoma Republican, you embarrass me
mighty white of you
Say his name! Your words are hollow!
Condemn Donald Trump. Do it today. You've heard the Intel. You heard that appalling presser. We need .@GOP leaders to call him out.
What is abhorrent, is the hatred, racism and violence of the neo-Nazi, white supremacist groups and Trump's willingness to excuse it.
Still sounds racist senator - try again: trump is racist and I am for his impeachment, and am against all Nazis
I appreciate the sentiment but "Let us not love in WORD...but in ACTION and truth." 1 John 3:18  What ACTIONS are you taking?
Vague. Be specific.  Name the evil! Show some leadership! Show some courage! DO something! #impeachtrump
Your words are hollow unless you denounce Trump. It's time for action. Trump is incapable of moral leadership.
Thank you for the straight talk, sir. #DontMinceWords #RacismIsEvil #whitesupremacyiswrong
Damn it James! Stand up and say his name. Condemn your president.
The leader of your party is a corrupt racist who is unfit for the office he holds. Stop enabling him and #DoSomethingGOP
If you can not stand against the president's racism, and call him out by name, you are complicit in it.  Full stop #NoRacism #StandUpToTrump
Use more than words and show Americans that you really mean this.
I'm confused.
But our national monuments must never be torn down. They're part of our heritage.
Well judging by your voting record, I am a better person than you are.
Your base blame this on media, blm...which means you will continue to support these beliefs. What happens when you come against Israel?
Should go without saying. Im could not be more proud of @realDonaldTrump he addressed the violence on both sides.ANTIFA is a Terrorist Group
Trump is confusion and racism. You are Americans, do not support it.

Full stop at WH
It is time for you to step up and call out @realDonaldTrump for his horrible words on what happened in #Charlottesville.
This ambiguous message coincides with @realDonaldTrump's abhorrent speech yesterday. You failed to call out #WhiteSupremacists & #NeoNazis.
So start condemning, Senator. Call the President out on this. @RealDonad_Trump #Charlottesville
Supremacy-only condemning one side? Other side started the violence- anti-fa/BLM, & r known for violence everywhere they rear their heads.
hi how s your day
There is no confusion with his words the only confusion is how he is still the POTUS! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Going to leave this right here: 

 https://twitter.com/jesseberney/status/897828890823069696 …
You've enabled @realDonaldTrump . You're complicit in this and its how you'll be remembered. Full stop.
You may not like BLM or antifa, but have either tried to exterminate Jews, or drag someone out to lynch them?
At what point will you support impeachment?  Can you draw your line in the sand now so that when he crosses it we can count on you?
470,000 American soldiers stormed the beach at Normandy..My Grandfather was a medic..His name was Alfred Pulcher..I will not stop for him!!
We all hate White Nationalists.... BUT they are a very small problem; small numbers.  The BIGGER problems is BLACK LIVES MATTERS AND ANTIFA!
#BlackLivesMatter is directly responsible for MANY DEAD COPS!

They've been loudly calling for people to KILL Cops!

Where's the OUTRAGE?
470,000 alt left Americans gave up their lives to stop Nazi Terrorism you took $400,000 dollars from @FBI to stop them from investigations
WE all know these are Alt Left HATE GROUPS!  They've caused more problems than White Nationalists.
YOU need to THINK Hard about your words. @realDonaldTrump  was 100% right! Dems bused in Black Lives Matters and Antifa to fight and riot!
Weak statement
David Duke statement on the first trump speech and then yesterday he alters it again..think about it..are you part of this conspiracy?
How the alt right so loves our american flag
The media created the confusion. Or should I say the spinsters!

From 1968 article by Stan Lee

#ImpeachorResign If you don't start Impeachment then resign. You are just as complicit and complacent as the rest of the @GOP we see.
Say his name, senator.
Again, your support of POTUS and his policies is direct support of racism & bigotry. You knew what he stood for! Words are not enough!
Generalizing is equivocating. You should be specific - what occurred in Charlottesville WAS domestic terrorism. #NotGoodEnough
Party or people? Decency or silence? OK Senator or Trump lackey? 
#ImpeachTrump #impeach #SayHisName
SAY. HIS. NAME. #ImpeachTrump
Then DO something or you as bad as a white Supremacist & Nazi
@jaketapper So what action will you be taking to save us from this President?
Senator, we're still waiting for you to call out our racist president. I guess being able to dine with this piece of garbage is more import?
Weakness is shown from your stmnt The inability to denounce the Nazis,or White Supremacist  &  stmnt POTUS made! No Leadership #impeachment
Honesty is surely the best policy
Our President should be condemned. #REMOVEHIM
Replace "everyone" with Trump. Show some leadership
Thank you so much for this strong rebuke, Senator!
Man of his word.
What is this vague statement? As an Oklahoman I am BEYOND disappointed in you. SHAME ON YOU SENATOR.
So, what now?
Those that don't are nazis.
"Any race" 

Not materially different from Trump's comments.
It is not enough.
It's time to do something about it, James.
TY, Senator Lankford, words ARE critically important. Twice now Trump declared his allegiance by his own words. Time for Congress to act.
What is it going to take to stop this madness?????
But you don't have guts to call out by name the President. So will you also be like DJT say too little too late, then celebrate w/ later
You need to actually call him out by name, then do something about him.
Indeed, Senator! 

Now turn those words to action and help us get that Nazi bigoted mobster crook out of our White House!
The Nazi's will march in Oklahoma and what are you going to do about it?? $400 k was cut from the budget to keep an eye on them...think
When are you going to impeach or call for resignation?? We have had enough!! NO MORE HATE AND NO MORE NAZI'S!!!! Think about this..Impeach
Looking for a job
Then do something congressman.
. THAT'S HOW PRESIDENT TRUMP FEELS TOO! THESE PPL SAYING OTHER WISE JUST WANT TO SPREAD HATE! POTUS cldnt say it any clearer!
Keep defending Trump jerk off!!!!!
Impeachment would stop this asinine behavior!
You're my Senator & U  need to be talking abt not Supremacy but stop this hate talk & remember statues are reminder to fight for our rights.
The Confederacy represented lost cause. The South knew it would lose but it still fought for their rights! The blacks pulled strength 1/3
from the South and fought for their rights in 60s. The government wants to take this away so we will forget to fight for our rights 2/3
When the government tries to remove our Constitution and our constitutional rights they don't want us to remember what we can overcome 3/3.
say his name or continue to support the commie leading your party
So what are you going to do about Trump?
Today, we watched @POTUS make a mockery of all the good our natiin stands for. His pettiness and dangerous rhetoric needs you condemnation.
SAY.  
HIS. 
NAME.
Say. His. Name.
Say his name @realDonaldTrump, white supremacists use his name to defend their cause.
You own this, Sir.
That includes antifa, blm
Condemn Trump or your silence condemns your political carreer. Senator, your personal interests need to take a backseat on this one.
Thank you, Senator Lankford but you have to call him out. You have to SAY HIS NAME.
If you are referring to @realDonaldTrump please use his name, call him out!
#ImpeachTrump
No, not "full stop". Not good enough! Do you condemn Donald J Trump?
Hello, yes it's me, I email u almost daily, as my representative  pls call him out by name and hold him accountable. p.s DeVos?  Really? 
Do you condemn Trump? Or is this just "troubling"? Are you just "concerned"?
Then call out trump but his name you coward. Skip the thoughts and prayers crap
If yo're not outraged, you're not paying attention. ~ Heather Heyer #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow see you at the midterms
We know this @SenatorLankford • Now speak with your president.
Call him out by name, and take that final step off the sideline.
And.....  what will #Republicans do about this?   Follow their leader?  Allow #Trump to be Trump?  Your morality is being tested.
Be clear! The semantics of Trumps denouncing would not alter these animals moral compasses one iota! Very naive to think other wise!
Weak. A tweet isn't action.  #ImpeachTrump  @realDonaldTrump  you're so spineless you can't even say the president is evil.
So far Tom Cole seems to be the only OK congressman willing to stand for American Values against this draft dodging traitor. @TomColeOK04
Its fine if you really feel this way but if you do why do you continue to support and back Trump rather than directly call him on it?
This is the first time I agree with you Sen.  PLEASE PLEASE DO SOMETHING NOW!  Your country needs you now more than ever #dotherightthing
Trump and Pence must be impeached. The sentiment you repudiate is now your party's platform. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpPence #NoConfederate
1st Amendment is also confusing when privileges are extended to anti-constitutionalists like KKK & Antifa.   #GraceinUSA
