Let me guess.. Oklahoma chose not to expand Medicaid and has done everything possible to sabatoge the ACA.  Am I right? Yeah I am.
you're absolute Right more money for the richest and for the majority of the American people
BS - Repeal ACA -single working mother here ACA has DESTROYED my healthcare It sucks
How has it destroyed your healthcare. If you are working, why don't you get employer coverage? I think you are lying or confused about ACA.
Not lying at all ... my plan under my employer thanks to Obamacare is gone..new plan pay 5300 more a year for less .. copays off the chartd
You should be angry with your employer. It was their choice to drop the plan. You lost the employer subsidy b/c they screwed you, not ACA.
Wrong ... the insurance carrier dropped the plan ..it no longer exists thanks to a ACA...try again ...Obamacare is BS
And so your employer didn't get another plan? They are lying to you. I negotiate insurance for our company every year. Not effected by ACA
Stand up to these lunatic Democrats and Support our President - we the people stand with @POTUS  - do your jobs and stop giving in
And how will you make health insurance/care better?  Please explain!!
Going back to the way it was before Obamacare and doing nothing would be better
You mean when people like me with pre-existing conditions were denied insurance for life???
Denied insurance by EVERY insurance company for life? That's amazing considering 35 states had high risk pools just like Obamacare & 11.....
.....of the remaining states had already banned denial for pre-existing conditions. So you lived in 1of the 4 remaining states & were.......
..... denied insurance by every insurance company, including those that were high risk?..... Likely story
My state denied Medicaid expansion, & as a result, now has only one company offering plans. Before, only 3.

It's really not that uncommon.
That is post Obamacare & result of Obamacare. Proving my point that its worse after, & would be if we wet back to where we were.

BS - Obamacare took my healthcare - single working mother - REPEAL ACA NOW
Paid Russian troll! @USATrollWatch will monitor you now
We used to be able to call an ins company and ask for a quote, now u call and are told to call the Marketplace which prems are astronomical
Trumpcare isn't better nothing for older Americans and women more expensive and not cover preexiste conditions
God bless you and God bless the United States of America.
Did you expand Medicaid? NO.
because the GOP is holding the subsidies. CEO's are still making billions, Free Market is a BAD way to deliver health care
Government run healthcare isn't better
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for scaring the living shit out of the carriers.....
You're going to have to fool more of the people more often to get this to fly.
Support McCaskill's legislation extending your choices to all. Force states to accept the expansion
Do something #repeal Obamacare now! Don't wait!
Why don't you explain why? OK and KS are perfect examples of how to destroy a state's economy to give huge tax breaks to the wealthy.
'Cause of your ignorance.
TrumpCare will only make things worse for the average American - majority have pre-existing conditions. High risk pools price people out.
The height of political burlesque. Withholding subsidies is driving companies out - as you intended.
Then control the insurance companies. You have the power to do it. Instead you rob your people of life and quality of life.
You're all "Nut jobs" !
If Ford or Carrier want to move to Mexico, Republicans are furious.  If Aetna wants to pull out of ACA in OK, Republicans wave good-bye!
IDEA:  If an insurance company wants to do business in Oklahoma, that company must offer a ACA health care plan in our state.
Lankford support our POTUS or you are out and why aren't Comey memos from obama years subpoenaed why was obama allowed to spy on citizens?
Let's see here...didn't Trump & the Republican Regime De-regulate the plan that enforced companies to sign up & stay on the exchange? Yup!
Always expect the Republican Regime to push their Alternative Facts that is the basis for their dire straits hype...
I'm a constituent. The GOP in our state sabotaged the ACA. If it isn't working in OK, we can thank them.
Because OK GOP state government refused federal dollars out of partisan spite, creating a subsidy gap. OK residents pay federal tax so...
@GovMaryFallin didn't expand Medicaid. @marcorubio killed risk corridors. It's GOP fault. Universal care (like all developed nations) now!
@NancyPelosi  What happened? Where are they?  You seem to wave the unwavering banner for the ACA. Please tell us the remedy. Nancy?
It's horrible.  Please fix this mess.
"Republicans Are as Tainted by the Russia Scandal as Trump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TRAITORS
Because you guys suck and are actively undermining the ACA #FIXACA
But surely that is the fault of the insurance business model, which has not updated to deal with legislation rather than the legislation.
Here's an idea: hold insurance companies accountable. They manipulate the system for merger and profit purposes, they don't give a about us
Here's an idea:
One complete health insurance plan for all s ... "of the People, by the People, for the People."
Call it:
#SinglePayer.
So why don't you fix it. Laughable,  Ins Companies opt out bcaz they have to pay out for sick people. NOT ALL PROFITS. AMERICAN GREED
Stop beating your chest.  You failed.  Support the president I voted for and stop rolling over.  Prosecute Loretta, Hillary, get the creeps.
Republicans are ruining the country by promising insurance companies they can cut benefits to the poor
Should have gotten a better insurance
You're all morally decrepit liars and saboteurs! Your lack of principles is exactly why I quit the Republican Party! Shame on you all!!!
You call them an insurance companies and other call them a fat cats bandits sucking moneys of, and sometime giving back completely nothing!
Good. Now if we can just get Universal Healthcare and eliminate that one insurance company. @SenateDems  @DNC
My vote will be democratic in 2018. I do not care if bugs bunny runs for dems. You are on the wrong side of history and the good of OK.
You and your ilk have managed to keep the people of OK poor and ignorant so you can continue your corruption.  Get out..vote out 2018.
That is because Oklahoma is fighting Obamacare. Just like ID laws. We will need a passport to fly out. Need one to fly in. OK 3rd world.
Pity. Accepting the Medicaid expansion would have helped.
And you have had 6 years to figure this out. Please do!
Because of the GOP "song" to repeal & replace ACA since the start continuously up to now, instead of fixing it for the better???
#REPUBLICANS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP, why don't you start impeaching these USELESS members destroying our democracy? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expulsion_from_the_United_States_Congress …
The fiscally conservative plan would be to pass #MedicareForAll and save taxpayer $$$$ by cutting out the middleman.
See you at the polls, thanks for the gift of getting the House back. Maybe you’ll give up the Senate too?
Republicans did EVERYTHING they could to undermine and undercut the ACA. They put $$$$ over people every time. #shameonyou
Why do you keep drawing attention to one of the Republican's greatest failures?
Hmmm...Missouri is failing on #ACA too. But, @RoyBlunt knows, as well as you it's because you didn't expand Medicaid!
That is all your fault Langford and you did it on purpose. Anything to make the black man in the White House look bad right Bogot?
@POTUS @vp @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr IMPEACHMENT, IMPEACHMENT, OH SWEET JESUS, PLEASE GIVE ME AN #ImpeachmentTrumpPence
And remind me which party controls the governorship and both houses of the state legislature? Oh that's right...you.
And when they got told they couldn't consolidate their power, they bailed like insolent kids. Look at their stockholder pages, you'll see.
just forget repeal and replace let Obama care crash
This is because @GOP been sabotaging ACA since it's inception.  They want you to believe it is not working so they can pass draconian bill.
Have you checked the news tonight? Your Boy Paul Ryan in done!
Sorry to hear that it's not like that where I live
Umm, eliminating risk corridors, failure to expand medicaid?  Sound familiar? Look in the mirror @Senatorlankford. GOP is the problem.

So don't sabotage Obama Care as you are
Go after the greedy insurance companies. Their greed is the root problem.
Because you have not fully funded it AND because OK didn't expand Medicaid AND because you've made the market unstable! #Liars #VoteThemOut
It's not in a death spiral either, in spite of your efforts to destroy it! #NoAHCA #FixACA #GOPLiars #VoteThemOut
Every. Single. Healthcare-Connected. Group. Is. Against. Your. Plan. Because it's unfair, cruel & is a hidden tax break for the wealthy!
Speak up, @SenatorLankford about what a total CLUSTER our state is in because of its ignorant Republican leadership. That's the problem!
@GOP the reason for that is because GOP in all their manipulative wisdom started sabotaging ACA the very moment it was passed. @BarackObama
Only due to uncertainty of laws because of @GOP farting around with no actual plan or clue.
Why do you blame Obama for what the insurance cos. Are doing? 
FIX THE ACA! Listen to the citizens who pay your salary!
You have a majority in Congress & the President. Why are we still talking about this instead of celebrating success??????
For Medicaid. #AHCA = tax cuts for the rich and corporations. Not better care for people.
That is because OK refused medicaid
NY has 15...why do all the Dem states have plenty of insurers? Oh right the employees make enough to afford it.
Why???? Why did the other come Amir's drop out????
AS IN GOP RIGGING THE SYSTEM- SO YOU CAN MAKE MONEY GRAB FROM PEOPLE'S HEALTHCARE & GIVE TO RICH IN TAX CUTS- YOU SOBS!!
It will be nice to see the unaffordable care act go down in flames
#propaganda
Through our efforts we have convinced health care insurers that greater profits lie ahead for them, if you help us kill Obama care
That cause you keep threatening to repeal Obamacare
Thanks to President Obama
Single payer insurance for everyone.  2018 2018 2018
One is better than none.....
What's the GOP Proposal? Where's the CONSERVATIVE ANSWER?
Not to worry. You have made sure you do not have to live under the laws you pass. You have all provided very nicely for yourselves.@cspanwj
Assume you are awaiting applause or a congratulatory clap on the back for sabotaging the ACA as you have worked so hard to do for 7 years?
Well that's only becausr of your sabotage, everyone knows
This and other issues could be fixed if the GOP would quit promoting the liberal agenda
If the Republican Governors would have implemented the ACA and tried to make it better we would not be in this position.
Opposition Party!
Solution is simple, chickens. Pass a law that says all insurance cos. who want to do business in the U.S. MUST provide plans, period.
So we should reduce coverage, guaranteed protections and cut the wealthy's tax rate in response?
There is no ObamaCare and there is no AfterObamaCare either !!! Health Care for America needs to become a reality !!!
Vote GOP out of office.
GOP should stay away from http://trump.GOP  will be stonger without trump.stay away from Russian slaves of WH.Special Prosecutor Time
Where are Republicans? Why are they absent as the leftist & propaganda media derail America? We'll not forget this at the voting booths!
Single payer.
Then get bust and solve the problem!!!!! Quit just talking about it!!
You shouldn't have killed the funding for the risk corridors insurance companies counted on for markets to stabilize #NoToTrumpCare
Congress better do their jobs.
Stop trying to tell Americans you have care about healthcare. You want tax cut money. Go after the greedy insurance companies #impeachGOP
Signs operating outside Law. Unlicensed unfit unfamiliar with state practice acts. Job descriptions. Landline  spoofing no tones. Owe ®™©
and that's because of the GOP screwing constituents by not properly funding ACA.
And what have you done to help improve the ACA? Nothing comes to mind.
Because u refuse to try to work with these companies.
and you no why too,don't you. The actions of Repubs. has scared most of them out of the market.#lieanddeny
Reminder that the GOP tax plan has ZERO incentives or benefits for poor-middle class, and only helps millionaires.
You have that because you let it happen. Grow a pair.
Don't blame the insurance companies take the insurance away. Smart.
So........FIX IT.
Better yet, repeal that mess and start from scratch.
Reps are killing Obamacare and making it fail, so that can give themselves a tax break.
So fix it. Do your job
Your agenda is dead. The GOP is going to prison. Your agenda is dead. The GOP is going to prison. Your agenda is dead. #ComplicitGOP

Because you are willing to do everything in your power to gut the ACA. Very successful program in states truly on board.
. Which one. The one where deductibles are $12,000, the one where premiums increased 125%. Or both 
Stop bloviating and serve us! You have the numbers, but not the will to go against your establishment handlers. Warning! We are many.#Dobbs
We used to have a GOP
Then the ppl voted
  RIP GOP 
If only you could buy more votes
Send check 2 Po box Russia
Well Go,olly what ever brought you to that conclusion Do something about it instead of whining.Amazing I'm 78 Never been W/out insurancedts
Shut up.
UR party TRIED EVERY SINGLE TACTIC IT COULD THINK OF 2 SEE ACA's COLLAPSE, w/o THAT there would be other carriers willing to participate. 
Under your plan, if an insurance company can't profit from human misery, they can drop you!
You're not fulfilling your constitutional duty to "promote the general welfare." Patriotism is more than waving a flag, pledging allegiance
You should be shamed
then STOP sabotaging it if you care about voters,A holes.2018
...because you engineered it
Yes, the GOP is tanking this instead of fixing it.
 What's wrong with you people???
FIX IT STUPID!
That's only because insurance companies thought they were going to be in control again under Trump and rob the people blind.
Did you accept the Medicaid expansion that was offered...?
aaaaannnnnddddd a quick google search confirms, you should shut-the-f--k-up...
It's almost as if they made their own mess and are blaming it on someone else. 
Great, go to single payer and be happy. Like every other civilized country!
With AHCA, you will have ZERO
