How do people with children support 45's nihilistic environmental policies?
Trump supporters are stupider than fuck, is my guess.
Less great to see the environment destroyed in the name of profit.
Great to our future generations suffer for greed.
you're on the wrong side of history (again) with this one. I'll be sure to tell future generations where you stood
dereguation has caused OK to be #1 in earthquakes. No thank u.
let's learn from the past. Without regulations nearsighted $ will damage our resources
You sure don't spend much time in OK! Cause you would care about all the man-made earthquakes.
Do you not care about the environment? The earth is our responsibility, take care of it. Clean water for ALL!
Between 2013 and 2016 your campaign committee received $784,225 from the oil and gas industry. Who stands to benefit?
You have proof?
clean water and air not a partisan issue. Sick of OK's reps not being for energy Independence
Falling into place?
Terrible that you want to watch us die slowly from bad air and water!
forget about the earth. Remember you breath the same air we did.
take the rose colored glasses off and throw those away! Sheesh!
coal is dead. Stop lying
once again... party before people.
Decidedly not "great".
The long game of this outweighs the short. #GlobalWarming
.  You are soooo on the wrong side of history, science, and the rest of the world.
the solar energy sector would like to have a word with you
I think you misspelled lower energy costs and create many jobs.
I ask you to see the work done by watershed restoration programs and then say that
those regulations were put in place for the protection of our environment, is our future worth it?
u said u were a forgiving man o faith on @AC360 ... I call bull shit u red haired dollar badger ... it's wild how yall BS
Is money really all that matters with you? How about some big picture thinking here? #environmentmatters
what the fuck donu drink and breath ... and p.s. yr double standards are showing #assholealert
Yes, being good stewards of our home planet is far less important than your donors ability to become more wealthy.
ARE YOU INSANE!!!!!!!! There's no such thing as clean coal. It's a DEAD industry!!!! I want EPA reg!#cleanwater
Let's not forget save the environment. Republicans are on target to ruin the earth for all mankind. Bad decisions
I'll just tell my grandsons to look for jobs in hazmat cleanup, then? Assuming they live that long...
I'll have to go and look and see how much the oil and gas industries have contributed to your campaign funds.
And harm our environment and hurt people.
okay, senator I will be waiting for the lower bills...when can I expect them?  Next year, next month.....When???
.@SenatorLankford A statement w/ rhetoric is disingenuous. Protecting environment helps businesses grow & more importantly protects people.
You care nothing about clean air or water, do you? You are pushing a crazed political agenda. We see it.
"...garden of Eden to till it & to keep it."  Can't find anything in Bible abt destroying for profits. James? #unchristian
I really do want to like you.  I try hard to see the best in you.  But you're making it really hard!
Very short-sighted. Climate change will negatively impact economy bigly for your grandchildren. #shameful
So disgusting that you put profits ahead of the future of our planet.
I know I like dirty water and air.
Think country instead of party
Seriously. Just. Stop. Tweeting.
no it's not Jobs are not as important as the environment #solar #wind u know it #automation
I don't why Lankford but for some folk reason like to be able breath clean air and drink clean water. Not that you care.
and put decades of environmental progress at risk. You're too young to rembr black snow, creeks 2 dirty to swim in
thanks for putting profits before people. Clean energy jobs could revolutionize our world.
I get that the Republican Party has decided they don't care about the environment. But do you really care about jobs? @SenatorLankford
God forbid we should pay more for fossil-fuel energy and increase jobs in the renewable sector. You are a dinosaur.
I have to say that every bad policy you support is leaning my state blue. So I just want to say Thank you!
must hate his kids. I guess as long as he gets paid maybe they can inherit enough to protect themselves from the damage.
Wrong! This action Endangers our Health and Environment!
The EO will certainly benefit Russia. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Wrong!
@GOP want to pass as much legislation as possible before DJT impeachment. This is NOT leadership, just weirdo revenge. 2022
And also protect the environment, if we care about that little part...
This EO makes no economic sense nor environmental sense. But you "got" Obama, right?  The GOP idea of governance.
, this post should tell those who vote for you - say someone like...me! - to NOT send you back. You're wrong on MANY levels!
The real cost is our health. Ask the kids in Flint. Corporations are beholden to profits. You are to us. And we'll remember
wholeheartedly disagree. I actually like drinking clean water and breathing fresh air.
No this is tragic. Our country is going backwards. We were on our way to being great again, then we got Trump #Sad
And kill any hope for future generations? When civilization collapses, you will be on the front row by thy own hand
Facts are that thanks to these regs, cars pollute 99.5% less than they did 50 years ago.
I and LOTS of my friends vote in OK. Choose our country over your politics or take a one time risk of no return.
Better save all that cash you're making now, because re-election isn't looking so good for any of you. We actually like safe drinking water.
Any chance Senator we'll ever b able 2 roll back the needless emission regs n vehicles & off highway equipment?
They have driven up cost of vehicles & equipment & lowered performance & production significantly.
Research can be your friend. Try it
I'm old enough to remember burning rivers, unbreathable air & deformed wildlife. I really truly HATE people like you. $$$$ before people.
$$$$$ before people. Every. Single. Time.
Clean energy hires more people.   This EO is lose-lose.
