Please close loop hole for free college educ and defund international student visa! Our kids dont get free Harvard educations; we get loans!
Please include #H4Dreamers too. They are left out and no one cares
don't ask to be included, legal immigrants need to be differentiated from the illegals, legal immigrants deserve more for their effort
good job get it passed
Happy you're protecting Dreamers but disappointed you're supporting #GrahamCassidy & voted to increase military spending.
Your constituents in Oklahoma want universal healthcare and peace in the Middle East.
Why would Oklahoma sell out to illegal workers for corporations and being protected by our gov’t.
How insulting for those who paid to become citizens legally.
Who told you they are not going to pay. They had to pay for daca around $600 every two years, no counting lawyer fees. You are assuming
People that come here and get in line pay  thousands and their family don't  become instant citizens like that purposed with amnesty.
First. That's not what you said in your post. You talked about those who become citizens, no those who immigrate here. Two different things
People like this right? The ones waving Mexican flags and burning American flags at protests?
And I can go on and on. Be careful I'm not saying all the illegals are good people. Is everything in every culture
I'm not saying all of the illegals are bad. They just don't deserve to be rewarded for being criminals. 11 million is too many.
And... they are not saying to legalize the 11 M. They are talking only about 800K. That's the number of daca recipients.
@SenatorLankford you just lost my vote. Congratulations.
Adam doesn't HAVE a friggin vote because he's a Russian bot. 
He lost mine after his first term and I'm s veteran, not s bot!
Well I never voted for him in the first place, so I guess we have something in common, Bill.
I appreciate your efforts. Would like to see a more clear path to citizenship though. Dreamers are our fellow Americans & deserve to stay!
we want america first is why we elected Donal  Trump you are working for non americans i hope we get rid of you! DACA lover
Hoping the new Bill  #DreamAct  includes both ageing out  Legal  immigrants children and undocumented children as Dreamers
What about real citizens of America that are have dreams. What are you doing to ensure they get to realize their dreams. #Notodaca
Everything you give #DACA recipients is a reward to their parents who STOLE $ and services worth hundreds of thousands of $ from Taxpayers.
Good for you!! Right move. Now go and vote No on the Graham-Cassidy HC bill or Oklahoma citizens and our rural hospitals will suffer!
What about their criminal parents ?
Another bot! @SenatorLankford please note who your REAL constituents are. 73020 & I say HELP dreamers and say no to ACA repeal!
Oh I'm not a bot ahole. I'm an American that doesn't want to have to pay for the criminals that think they deserve citizens rights.
Oh yes you are. How's the weather in Moscow, Boris?
Would rather you protect the rule of law...imagine the concept.
Doesn't a Green Card automatically give you a path to citizenship?
African-American: My kids school overcrowded; competing 4 resources with #Dreamers. Greatly disappointed. #MyKidsdreamtoo.
Sen. Lankford-you were elected by U.S. citizens. You are a public servant to them NOT to illegal aliens regardless of age. Honor your oath!
Repeal DACA!!
RINO alert http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/fmr-uscis-investigator-theres-huge-amount-fraud-daca-program/amp/ ….  Deport!
Good job.
People who don't support you on this vote aren't good Christians. They are selfish people who see the world as "us vs them"
Yes the Chamber of Commerce wants cheap labor at the expense of Americans. Don't use the Bible to defend yourself. Help them in theircountry
This is THEIR country. They have lived here most of  lives.
Prefer I use the constitution? Children are not guilty of the sins of parent
Many did not come as children, then there are the criminals and finally they can go back and make their countries better
http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/fmr-uscis-investigator-theres-huge-amount-fraud-daca-program/amp/ …
1 they r not dreamers, 2 nice to b illegal on a fast track, 3 I will say more with my vote next yr,
You & Trump were elected by the same folks & neither of you were elected to "fix" #DACA  or "fix" #Obamacare #EndDACAnow #RepealObamacare
We have payments on student loans until we die because the parents work! The truth came out and American families are angry too!
Good. I realize that it doesn't fix everything, but at least it will get the legislative process started.  I will watch to see what happens.
Why do you want to protect them when they never should have been here?
You are a complete traitor to people who elected you. Let feel good emotions override facts of lawbreakers. RESIGN NOW!!!
Given your lies to your constituents on #GrahamCasiddy I won't hold my breath you'll protect Dreamers.
Thanks for your good work on protecting the Dreamers! Now please protect the rest of us and vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy fiasco.
Having met you in person I thought you were a stand up guy. Now you show your true colors. So disappointed
Why protect them do the right thing and teach them to be legal or they have to go
Well qualified ppl are stuck with back log who can support ssn and medicare programs and contribute to us economy
Thank you Senator. Your compassion is only exceeded by your courage. We are proud of you!!
If James Lankford can't resist the corporatist, anti-worker, pro-amnesty mass migration agenda, what Republican will?    

#RINO #Puppet
I think you are totally wrong on Daca you are rewarding criminal behavior and the illegal aliens will keep offending
Criminal behavior by 6-year-olds?  Cause that's the average age of a dreamer when they were brought here.
Age Don't matter it's a shame their parents thought it was a good idea to bring children while they invaded another country
So, you are on board with punishing children for crimes of the parent?  Gotcha. That's not MAGA and not moral.
No I'm for American citizens not illegal aliens
Just so everybody's on the same page he does not have the support of the president
Right Move sir
Great!
You should not even be thinking of #DACA. Victims of illegal immigrants first. #KatesLaw #NoSancutaryForImmigrantsAct
It's sickening how people only see their part and that's it. Last time I check the worst crimes were comités by Americans.
If this is a "true path" for Dreamers to receive citizenship I will support. We will see! They deserve an opportunity! I support #Amnesty
Refreshing.
If a man robs a bank and gives the money to his kids you don't let them keep the money. You are rewarding the behavior that you want to stop
Bad analogy, Jerry. If a bank robber takes his 6-year-old with him to rob a bank, do you punish the child?
The analogy shows children benefitting from the criminal actions of their parents. Green cards and citizenship reward criminal behavior
Children benefit from criminal action of parents every day. We've yet to punish the child.
Bank robber works as criminal for years and child benefits via things bought for him?  You still don't punish the child.
Do you allow the child to keep the benefits given to him through criminal action?
Of course. Are you suggesting we bill the child of a criminal for the food and shelter that was provided by that criminal activity?
There was an assumption of risk in what the parents did. The children are not free of those consequences.
Protect #DREAMERS? Your job is to protect Americans!s schools, hospitals, budgets, jobs are all overwhelmed by illegal immigrants.
You're a bot.
Sorry what is a bot?
A fake/automated account designed to manipulate social media analytics. Ignore them wherever possible - responding encourages the behavior.
Oh! Thanks!
Personally I think it's important to point them out so other people are aware. And then report them to twitter.
No I am very real.
Liar.
Why don't you protect your constituents,  you're a traitor to the people
My applaud to you, fix what is broken. If we had a honest immigration system, there would be no need for this.
WHY NOT a path to citizenship??????
Will their extended families get green cards also or just the kids that was brought over and what age are you considering being a kid.
I hope you are being level with us and it really will protect Dreamers. We are so used to the GOP being dishonest with us, we are wary.
You're betraying Oklahoma and all Americans, you should be expelled from Congress for ignoring your oath of office you punk
Senator, thank you for doing something to fix this immigration issue. 800K dreamers applaud you for your initiative . God Bless
Thank you so much #DREAMERS #800.000 #DACA 
This is lovely to read, Senator. Protecting DREAMers is protecting Americans.
Goddamn right it is
Thanks @SenatorLankford Your faithfilled leadership is so critical for our Nation. #WeValueDreamers, @jacekirk, @JMHCCC, @CbrewsterOKC
It's important that Trump/you make this clear! His base's anger is mounting! What are Trumps supporters getting out of this? #BuildTheWall
Good for you, Senator! Glad to see their are still Christians in my home state!
Pls suppprt S281& HR392 bill that provides fairness to highskilled immigrants. We have to wait 70 yrs in current scenario to get a GC.
Great!
Will I be able to join the military with this? Or are the reporters calling TPS a green card?
NO NO NO! No DACA ties to chain migration. Dreamers only or you will not return to DC!!!
Ur constituents will likely vote u out, once informed ur equivalent to #DreamAct amnesty will cost country $115B.
Thank you for supporting DACA, my US citizen wife and I (DACA receipient) could loose our home that we purchased with hardwork and savings
U need to be primaries! The Illegal Freeloaders have frauded the taxpayers long enough. They have no respect 4 this country! #You'reFired
Why would fix DACA be considered, before EVerify is passed? End chain migration via RAISE ACT before DACA. Your priority is Citizens.
No details. What are you doing about the vets that have been deported to Mexico? Several picked up coming home from our wars. Distrust U
Wonderful!
Don't do it! If so, you will LOSE MY SUPPORT AND VOTE!
And my legal E2Kids? Deported @ 21, no protection for them #cantDREAM Came at 6&3, they'd no choice! #EqualityForLegalKids #E2VisaReform
Please include H4 dreamers they are legal invented
Please include H4 dreamers
Noooooo! You are rewarding lawlessness!
So... did you decide to help Dreamers before or after some big drama that defied Fox News talking points? #DACA #TakingNotes
Sir. I will be running against you in 2018. Good luck to you sir. #Deadpool
Good for you!! Right move. Now go and vote No on the Graham-Cassidy HC bill or Oklahoma citizens and our rural hospitals will suffer!
Please include #H4Dreamers too. They are legal kids who are aged out.
How about tax reform and Obamacare first.  First things first for the folks
Sen. McCain's head needs to go up on Mt. Rushmore. You, Mr. Lankford, need to just go away. Thanks for nothing.
Good - it's a start. Now do the right thing on the latest crap GOP health care bill, instead of dancing to the GOP fiddlers.
Can't wait to see the bill!  I am praying for a bill that that is NOT left leaning!
They need a path to citizenship, James. As you said, this is the only country they know. Thanks for a 1st step, tho.
Well done sir
Why not work on taxes, healthcare for the AMERICAN PEOPLE?!! I can’t believe I voted for you! Dreamers before anything else.
how long would this process take? what r the requirements, fees? doesn't a path 2a green card mean there is a patch2 citizenship also?
We support you #ProtectDreamers
Deport.
BS.  Time for me to call relatives this is a RINO bill. https://www.conatuspharma.com/data/ 
@officialOKGOP Build the Wall?
@officialOKGOP what is wrong the "dreamers" & their illegal parents applying for citizenship?
Ur aides r still lying abt the GC bill covering pre-existing conditions. U wonder why ppl are fed up with u? It's cuz u lie to our faces.
I wish you cared as much about the American people.
Senator when did you become a Democrat??????????????
How this is about political parties. Wait, you are Texan never mind.
@SenatorLankford Thank you for being proactive and sensible in your approach to Imm issues. I request you to support legal Immig @IamHR392
Plz remove the #GCbacklogs #70yrs wait not #Fair
No nation has ever survived unfettered access thru it's borders. The line should have been deep & distinct YEARS ago. REMOVE them ALL now!
I hope you will protect them.  Those kids are Americans. They know no other country.
STOP STOP STOP CALLING THEM DREAMERS. THEY ARE SELF-ENTITLED INGRATES WHO TOUT OUR LAWS AND GAME OUR SYSTEM.

AMERICAN FAMILIES FIRST!
#MAGA

WHAT ABOUT HEALTHCARE????????
You just gave:

This generation: 1 million votes permanently to the DNC.
Next generation: 4 million votes permanently to the DNC.
Of course the bots don't appreciate it when @SenatorLankford says something good & decent because his stance helps USA!
Remove that they are allowed to get two Misdemeanor.
Bot
Good job.
Thank you
I think you're taking good steps forward on this, but Dreamers should given a clear push to citizenship. They belong here now.
Why don't you protect all Oklahomans too with voting No on the GOP POS healthcare bill?
Senator, E2 nonimmigrant children like me were left off the DreamAct, but included in Republican RACact. Please ensure we make it on yours
Replace the phony word "dreamers" with the actual legal term "illegal alien." Now tell us again what you are doing and for whom?
So you can give Democrats more votes?
I wish everyone in DC had your clear and presence of thought thank you Sen Lankford
#Dreamers don't need protection. Deport any that are on welfare.
#EndDACA #DACA
