US government says election systems in 21 states targeted by hackers http://dlvr.it/PpprwY  
He didn’t really win and we have him bringing us to the brink of nuclear destruction and he is just the celeb apprentice host legally
I want to be an honest person with morals and a conscience which is what you aren’t if you believe anything this man says
A garden slug would make a better president then the one you put in office now
Your president DID give away government intel to the Russians...go drink the rest of your kool aid
If you still actually believe the Russians did what they haven't been doing for years, you're uninformed. Even OBAMA & HRC didn't mind.
It wasn't Russia that hacked DNC, either. It was an insider. Where have u been? Do some real research & stop listening to Left propaganda!
Senator, please do not chase the "Russian Rabbit!!!"  How about working on a solution to our health care debacle?   Good grief
Tell that to Comrade Trump.
We must secure. This is true. But the adversary who won't admit Russia is invading is the President. So duty first to remove #ImpeachTrump
Fire Trump & secure our country. Only when POTUS & VP are out of office will America be safe agaun
OUR PRESIDENT IS WORSE. He needs to read the constitution and STFU up the PRIVATE section and do his job.
Trump: Fire NFL players who kneel during anthem http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-to-nfl-owners-fire-players-who-kneel-during-national-anthem/ …
Perhaps you should encourage the House Judic Comm to consider impeaching the imbecile who calls Russia's attack on us a hoax. Just saying.
It was a hoax not a single shred of evidence to date that Russia effected the outcome of the election in any way!
Well it's about time you showed up! Late, but better than not at all. Thanks for being intelligent for once!
It's our democracy. It's up to you as our voice in Congress. Stand up for us.
Then put party aside and really do something.
Yes I would hate to have  a vote to remove some establishment Rino's circumvented by a hack!
still silence from you on healthcare...VOTE NO
He hopes it dies before he votes Yes to kill Oklahomans
like that would be a shock that leash 45 has with collar around Lankford and Inhofe's neck got shortened before the vote..Yes men
Will you insist that we find out if votes were altered in 2016?  I @realDonaldTrump REALLY our elected #POTUS?  #constitutionalcrisis
I thought you were good 4 Senate but when @MichaelCohen212 put out a statement~Constitution allows FreeSpeech,Senate goes 4 PublicDrama
@koconews tell Donald that
Then make sure the Mueller investigation continues. It's up to you to defend our country. You are our voice.
Russia isn't the only problem with our voting machines. https://www.pcworld.com/article/125700/article.html …
Your sponsors will probably get you re elected. I truly wish I cld be a fly on the wall during your jdgmnt day. "And here it says u did...?"
Yep you better hope because your liable to be left out in 2018
How is this not a war? Congress needs to wake up and pass legislation to protect our republic.
Yeah, let's distract as usual with NK, Rallies and other unimportant BS.
So tired of the Russia narrative. How about stopping illegals voting or the dead voting
Congress should be focusing on the @DNC  corruption & their voter fraud. Americans do not care about Russia. Fix #ACA ,immigration & a wall.
His Russian ties become ever more glaring to the public. History will mark you in this moment for your actions #Impeach
Everything he does is disgraceful and he is continually dismissing the adversary Russia, which makes him America's No.1 Threat #Impeach45
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-legitimacy-russia-election-interference-james-clapper-us-intelligence-assessment-2017-9 … hot of the presses..MSM but business insider..this is what you saw at the Senate judiciary hearing..remember?
It is a "mute" point of debate, when the true adversary is the President. Work for #impeachment. It is your duty. History is recording.
His latest calling citizens SOB's-He is the adversary of every decent American-History will mark the righteous who remove him James #Impeach
We have a president who is basically our adversary. Think about that one James. And work with others to #Impeach It is your duty sir.
Do you seriously think it's ok for the nut case if a Pres to call a fellow American an "SOB " ? You silence is deafening.
What are your thoughts on the Presidents speech in Alabama? I thought it was disgusting and embarrassing.
https://investigaterussia.org/  wanna know the real story? New website that tells the truth.
Seems to me the greatest adversary to the American people is the United States government
You and the Newspaper you quoted before about how safe our voting machines are was quite a big old Lie you told..How much did the @GOP pay?
#Russians worked for you..campaign funds from hidden trump pacs?? Gerrymandering..We know 45 won by hacked votes. Paper Votes only!!
Someone needs to tell 45.
Absolutely true. But American citizens also need our gov't to hold credit bureaus accountable and protect our data:
U CAN TELL HOW MANY STATES R TARGETTED BUT U DUN KNOW WHEN YOUR PRESIDENT IS BEING HUNG OUT TO DRY....WHAT THE HELL MAN?
Tried of your lies! Sick of you voting against the working class! GOP in chug. Do something about Russia!
Senator who are you talking to?  Oklahomans or the globalist media?
Blockchain tech can solve this, if you let it and don’t impede.
.you don't say!?
The Russians did not elect president Trump I did and I am proud of it
@koconews Power,Rice,lynch, Comey, Lener, Podesta, & Clinton! What's being done?
If Russia was trying to help Trump win, why Oklahoma, he won all 77 counties
You spend a trillion $ of our money a year and you can't fix the hacking? You want 2 revisit your priorities.

Is Trump okay with you saying this? It goes against his lies to us.
Then keep Debbie Wasserman Shultz, Donna Brazille and CNN as far away as possible

Your BULLSHIT Senator is despicable and fully transparent

This senator actually lied to a man with brain cancer about key aspects of the GOP health care plan 
This is how he rolls.
Just watched you lie on video. How do you live with yourself? #YourLastTerm
We know that McConnell & Ryan knew this was suspected b4 the election. They chose not to do anything, maybe you should start with them & dt
wow, guess the facts finally fell on your head? time to CYA so ur not accused of continued support of russian collaborators.
senator, are you saying u believe the fake news on KOCO? I don't think the liar & chief would appreciate that? How u voting on ACA repeal?
You didn't seem all that worried when your person won.
Who influenced and had a greater impact on our election the Russians or Undocumented immigrants? Address problem in its entirety. Voter ID!
Your leader says it's a hoax, James. Are you going to finally stand up to T and call him the liar that he is?
Nope
 That would require a pair
Your a joke I'm so sorry I voted for you. You went from conservative to #Swampmonster in less than 1 term
Glad to hear you say so. They were messing with OK.
Careful James. You're going to scare off your supporters
Then do something. The @GOP is in charge of every branch of government so make it happen
#PaperBallots
Yet you have unequivocally supported @realDonaldTrump who's campaign worked with the #Russians to get him elected!
Wake up! No Russia didn't cast a single vote but illegal immigrants did. So in the end HRC receive more help from foreigners than did POTUS.
Please cite your sources.
We hope YOU ARE GONE BY THEN. Please resign. You Senators are FAILING US.
