I could NOT be more disappointed. Zero moral leadership. What was that bible verse about "care not for the victims, shelter the abusers..."?
Niki you're the best!!
Right back at ya, C-dog!
For someone who is so against abortion you would think you would do measures to keep from having abortions like being against sexual assault
But apparently Oklahoma just likes not having sex education but deeming abortion a murder. But not having enough money to teach either.
Oklahoma is in a perpetual round of spending money over unconstitutional things or writing legislation that will never be passed
Way to grab 'em by the genitals! You should hear "put another log on the fire", every time you speak. We do.
Bizarre that people think Sen Lankford supports sexual assault .Police, not schools, should investigate sexual assault.
W
You better hope when she "rewrites" this... rape isn't even further accepted and swept under the rug.

So you are saying that sexual assault is acceptable?  Wow...not a very #Christian attitude!
That is an extremely offensive sentiment. Educate yourself:
How is standing against any form of sexual assault wrong?@SenatorLankford
Disgusting amount of people don't believe in basic due process rights for male students. https://www.thefire.org/due-process-report-2017/ … Truly second class citizens
Man- just like that I've lost faith in you again. That was short lived.
Just when I think u have a bit of a moral compass & intelligence, you prove yourself no different from the GOP D.C. Hacks! #OKDisgrace

And just how is this positive? Removing protections against sexual assault is ludicrous! You are such a hypocrite.
Senator, have you lost your mind?  Don't you have a daughter?  You should be ashamed of yourself.  I am ashamed for you.
So what's happened at Baylor means nothing to you?  Shame on you.
And you're continuing to back someone completely incompetent. Really, rethink your position.
Too late to rethink his position. Ginger is sealing his fate.
On September 7 our Senator applauded this..what kind of a nutcase are you? Oh yeah a 45 supporter. Protect the rapist not the raped.
Defense attorney: Your honor, the plaintiff herself has had admitted to having consensual sex in the past.

Judge: Case dismissed!
Are you joking? Disgraceful #ImpeachTrumpNow
You are as big an idiot as she is. And that's actually quite difficult to achieve.
Anti-choice, anti birth control, pro rapist. Your disturbing anti-female stance continues Senator.
How can OK elect a Senator who support my daughter getting raped on campus and the rapists has more rights than the victim?
What a hypocrite. I'm so tired of this fake Christian. Vote him out.
This is sickening.
It's a good decision to make it harder for someone who's been raped to get justice from universities? Clearly you have never been assaulted.
I am very disappointed in your decision to support this craziness.
This is why you disgust me.
The Resistance bout to fry you I gotta got get my  Cuz it's bout to be on
You suck
You've sold your shriveled souls and lackluster integrity to the Trump devil. Prepare to go down with him when he falls.
You Republicans are something else. Used to be you stood for morality and the law. No more. You've all sold what little soul you have.
Let's dress you up in a wig, dress, and red lipstick.  Get you passed out drunk and through you in a frat house.
Lankford supports anything that keeps women barefoot n the kitchen. Truly pathetic values he and Trump show at every turn.
OK has the largest number of reported rapes in the US. Instead of going after the rapist your solution to fix this is to punish the victim?
OK ranked #6 in number of women killed by men.  Are you trying for 1st?
Nope. Gonna get rid of all of you.
Regulating the ability to report rape?! Why because it is such a great experience?! #SoftOnSexualAssault #StopBetsy #UnsafeSchoolZone #Unfit
Do you? If something (Heaven forbid) happens to your daughter, you gonna sit through ppl saying she "asked for it"? Or "deserved it"?
Going to bat for sexual assault suspects once again. What is wrong with you?
this was a disgraceful move by our supremely unqualified ed sec.  to support this is 2 enable rape
Have any daughters or nieces?
Please share how this is a positive step? If you have daughters, how will you explain this to them?
Shame on you. Do you have daughters?
So you believe preventing rape survivors from reporting is a positive step? I hope you're up for reelection as you will be among the removed
So you're happy that rape can go unreported? You endorse a policy that says hey rape is ok?
You have completely lost your mind. My daughter is at college  w/pepper spray,a whistle and a baton because I don't want her raped! Thanks!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
OUR DAUGHTER ARE IN DANGER boys get a free rape ride!? what is the matter with YOU?????can't you read????????
Why I  @realDonaldTrump & the Adm his put into place. We have our AMERICA back.
Obama Administration had a problem of over reaching & doing what ever they wanted. Seems our Elected Officials did nothing about it. That's
This is like Health Care: Complain something doesn't do ENOUGH, instead of fixing that, GET RID OF IT ALL, take 10 steps backward.
Because protecting rapists is your priority? Are you effing kidding me?
Shame on you, Senator.  Your daughters deserve better, as do we all.
Speaking as one of your constituents who was raped at an OK University, what DeVos has done is vile & you're vile for applauding it.

Hard to believe you "condemn all types of sexual violence and harassment" - you support this decision. Clearly you don't care about victims.
What steps is @usedgov taking? For decades they ignored sexual assault on campus and pushed for victim blaming. You truly are despicable.
Well yes because it was under a Demorats President. Can u imagine if Hillary had won? My God look at what she did with Bill's Victims
My resolve to vote you out of office is stronger than ever.  And you have daughters. Poor father figure.
He thinks he'll never have to worry about this himself because he's wealthy& religious. Unfortunately, ANYONEcan become a victim of assault.
So what have you done, James, to protect college women from rape and ensure they can report without being further victimized?
Is *this* why you support her? Title IX? You focus on repealing 44, meanwhile OK schools are in a race to the bottom.
An illegal overreach of persecution often ends with the criminal walking free and clear. I see the wisdom in fixing this.
Back to camp, Jim! #votehimout
Sounds like camp isn't the place for him, either. #votehimout
Glad you feel that way about the american indian students and black, asians, mexican students who supported u during ur campaign. U tell em
B.S. this hurts victims.
DeVos has also dismissed civil rights complaints at faster rate than her predecessors with +1500 closed in 2 months:
You'll applaud decline. You won't understand decline is because VICTIMS don't want to be further VICTAMIZED. 2/3 already go unreported.
you really need to erase that from your bio..you know the part about education and children Shorty school of deprived degradation
"I condemn all types of sexual violence and harassment, in the strongest possible terms".  From a Trump-backer. #hypocrite

Really? So you agree with the ability for rape on our campuses and now have given them free reign..nice job there Senator..women b afraid!
Of course you support sexual abusers.  of course you do.
So you support rape and rapists. Got it. #VoteHimOut
