Mr. Lankford, genuine victory in destabilized regions influenced by Islamic Laws & Regulations will tak the death of 10s millons of Muslims.
The U.S. air strikes is a rightful punishment against the atrocities of chemical attacks against innocent children!
When will we change our stance on ban on Muslim ?  Banning an innocent only creates more fighters.  #SyriaChemicalAttack
Not our fight.
They ARE innocent people, "children of God" as our President said. OUR integrity is questionable if we support banning them from the U.S.
What will replace him?
Stay strong in Congress.
Assad is evil. Putin is evil. Lots of evil in the world. Help the refugees first.
You are a Senator of USA not Syria. It is not your job to get in the leadership of another country. Let the Syrian people decide on that
@All100Senators Too bad you didn't do this back in 2013 when Pres Obama asked for authorization-GOP owns it!
Trump did it for ratings...it's a joke and will go nowhere, he'll bask in the glory of his  "accomplishment"...
He did it for distraction! Betchya they were close to nailing him for #Treason!
Absolutely, distraction and an opportunity to brag..
"This is what comes of nation building." -Breaker Morant before being shot as a scapegoat in the movie of the same name-
And then accept the refugees.  These are people.
We close our doors to Syrian refugees, are ashamed when they are murdered, THEN retaliate. Ya'll scare me!
90% of the Middle East don't seem to have Muslim men who care for long term stability and peace.
Quit telling other people what to do. Your decision making skills are horrible. You need to go. Back to Texas with you.
Assad must go but as Iraq & Libya teach us, who replaces him? It's complicated. Good Luck for all of the Syrian people.
Mr. Lankford, please understand you and congress aren't ready for a genuine war were 10s of millions of Muslim men brought to their knees.
Many Sunni & Shiite Muslim men have been murdering each other and slaughtering
Christians for centuries. Many lack honor & integrity.
When you consider healthcare, remember we have dying babies, too.
This will be the first time that I have praised president Donald Trump. Good job, but you should keep the Congress on your side clue them in
I agree with you. But don't forget the Trump Russia connection
Trump would refuse refuge to the very children he saw dead&dying.His ban&flipflop attitude towards Assad are culpable. Love America #Syria
love your enemies; pray for those who persecute you. Do not repay evil for evil but overcome evil with good.
Those airstrikes are a distraction from Trump=Russia.
Then he should of bombed Assad and not an empty parking lot..but hey what do you expect from Putin's Puppet
Where were you in 2013?  Opposed military action then. How many have died since?  How many more refugees have been created?
You need to stop relying on news from Russia.
You could replace Assad with Trump and this tweet would still be true
Agreed
Could have easily saved these children by opening our doors for refugees.  Don't act like you give a shit.
U know I am a big supporter of @realDonaldTrump but I am concerned about this whole situation. When do we win?
"No child of God should  ever suffer such horror."
LIAR! MORE WAR & MORE LIES!!!
Assad must go. And then what? War war war. You've destroyed plenty of nations. Give it a rest.
Only Republicans resign when their political enemies demand it. The real world just flips the bird. 
Did he attack the USA? Is he killing ISIS?
Go get em jim
#SyriaGasAttack was an unthinkable crime. We now have a POTUS who is not crimpled with fear to attack. It was crime against humanity. #Trump
Then you volunteer to go and volunteer your children to fight. There is no winning in Syria or Middle East. Trump has no plan 4 future Syria
.We need support from the UN Security Council or the whole thing will end up in a big mess like Iraq.
Were you consulted?
.I agree Assad must go, but we are not the world's police. Refusing refugees & cutting funding to aid groups has already done great damage
We took out Ghaddafi and Mubarak, both non threats, and the results were worse.
So what you're saying Senator is this isn't going to turn into another Libya where we watch the ruling side murdered
And what takes his place? Islamicist groups are worse, at least Assad is secular.
I am a constituent and a supporter. Very pleased with your message.
Bullshit @SenatorLankford US air strikes murder innocent people. We must butt out of another country's civil war.
1950s Egypt & Iran. 1980s Afghanistan & Lebanon 2000s Iraq 2010s Libya. See a trend here? It never ends well for us.
We have a protocol for when that's decided & it's not by a dictator, it's thru #Congress or the #UN or both!
It's time for a beat down for Assad.
and ISIS must come for slaughtering innocents
When does the war end? We don't need anymore propaganda. #RestoretheFederalRepublic #500Vets
And please explain who will be taking his place?
What happens after?
Should we disband the Syrian army after he goes?  Are going to deba'ath Syria?
Neocon hack.  How many kids did drugs and/or lost their virginity at Fall's Creek again?
Put 7500 people in one place and see how many of them do something stupid.
Why are you defending this bullshit?
