No comment on Arpaio pardon, no comment about 45's disgusting NFL comments. "But churches should get money!" Why do you ignore brown ppl?
Oh, and if you want FAIR...today is the last day
Really! Who u lobbying for? OSTEEN crying cause his church got dirty & u trying to get the millionaire some money?
Churches make millionaires (Olsteen) but pay no taxes. Let's start there.
What's not fair is when the unlearned get elected as US Senator because they were a church camp hack.  Resign.  Go back to Texas.
I’ve been telling him that since our ignorant OK voters put this guy in office
I see predominantly negative responses to this yet you keep pushing it. I'm asking for the 2nd time.. who is asking you to do this?
I don't want my federal tax dollars to pay for your propaganda gatherings. Use the money you steal from your feeble minded parishioners.
That separation of church and state thing still applies does it not?
Would this be an entitlement?
WHY AREN'T YOU DOING YOUR JOB AND FIGHT FOR HEALTHCARE REFORM? #DrainTheSwamp
FEMA's PA program helps restore infrastructure and essential services. It doesn't reimburse nonprofits for disaster relief. Big difference.
To my understanding, churches that provide an essential service, like a community center, ARE eligible for funds to help repair/rebuild.
Faith-based schools are also eligible becaause they provide an essential service. Don't try to make this a religious discrimination thing.
Separation of church and State. It is fair. It's in the constitution for a reason.
"Separation" was mentioned in a letter, not in the constitution. Not establishing a single religion is constitutional.
That darn separation of church and state thing! You do understand why we have separation of church and state, don't you?
CBSNews Poll on Graham Cassidy. 

Proves anyone voting for it do not represent THE PEOPLE.
A lot of business out there under ruse of being a church.. LOTS
I agree Senator Lankford-prayers!
No, no, and no.  Separation between church and state.  Focus on the 3.5 million US citizens in PR with no water or electricity.
I'm stuck with you, someone who blatantly ignores his constituents, as my Senator. Not fair!
Can't they form a 501c3 for these activities? Did Lakewoods $20million parsonage mansion get flood damage?
Other nonprofits give taxpayers open access to financial reports and tax returns. Same needed for churches if they want taxpayer $.
When churches lose their tax exempt status, I hope Lankforda name is on the bill. #dolt
Agree. Giving churches tax $ is a step in angering taxpayers enough to lose their tax exemption.
They can start paying taxes, too.
Give them this money and anything you got for healthcare and from Russia.

https://www.theverge.com/2017/3/29/15100620/congress-fcc-isp-web-browsing-privacy-fire-sale …
PAY TAXES THEN!!!!
You're already tax exempt.
Churches shouldn't get FEMA relief. Churches discriminate. FEMA aid should only go to those who don't discriminate.
You know what's not fair, you getting great health care while gutting ours. Do what Jesus would do and vote No on Graham Cassidy bill.
What exactly is unfair about it?
And illegals!
Please note the people defending @twitter are the same accts that have terrorized me for 4 yrs. Proves my point. #TwitterEmployeesRCriminal
No.
Churches that are nin-profit will trust One bigger than the gov't.
Yes! ...especially since churches et al. and their members are instruments of providing aid, both physical and spiritual, during disasters.
Non-profits have to prove their benefit to society. You sound like a petulant child.
Trump's recent TweetTantrum is all the evidence anyone needs that y'all need to intervene if you have any love for this country left.
Definitely fair.
Will you support holding churches to the same financial reporting and disclosure as non-profits are required to follow?
They don’t pay taxes! Joel Osteen does not need any help!
What's not fair is you & others like you promoting things that are in direct violation of the Constitution. ie: separation of church & state
James is very easy, make them accountable, make them pay taxes and they get FEMA. That IS fair. And for God sake go vote NO on healthcare
They don't pay taxes, so they don't get FEMA $. Seems fair to me.
NO, if churches take government money then they would have government  scrutiny(nose) in their business.
I'll tell you what's not fair. Billionaires taking charter airplanes instead of Acela, and making us pay for it.
- revoke Death Tax cut taxes recoup overseas tax dollars
I'll tell you what's not fair. An entire administration lying to everyone and keeping their jobs. If I lied to my employer I'd be fired.
When churches pay taxes then perhaps they should get FEMA assistance. Your wrong James!!
I'll tell you what's not fair. The state of Puerto Rico and no one in government saying or doing anything.
Pay taxes , get money from taxes. Simple.
Needs to be fixed
If you want churches to be eligible for federal funds, require them to file tax returns like 501c3's.  Get a clue. #idiot
What happens when you elect an idiot for Senator. Churches & non-profits are treated entirely different under IRS tax code. #stupid

Non profits give to society by providing a public benefit  , church benefits can be exclusive to members and don’t provide public benefit
That's bull shit. FEMA and Red Cross denied me anything.
Life isn't fair.
Those nonprofits aren't allowed to discriminate based on religious affiliation.
To compare libraries,hospitals,shelters with churches is total ignorance. #GOP doesn't want to govern,they want a soundbite on faux news..
Looking for a weakness in the armor of separation of church and state?
More $$$ for the likes of Joel Orstein. Great idea 
Uhhh... Really? You don't understand the difference? How are you a Senator again?
He is an idiot.
Then you'd better be prepared for assistance for Mosques, @satanicpsalms, Buddhist temples, et al. There's a reason for separation, sir.
When churches start paying taxes, then they should be eligible for tax dollars. Not until.
You have an appropriate name there bud. Nonprofits dont pay taxes. So by your logic libraries, shelters, hospitals shouldn't get tax dollars
