http://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/michigan/2017/10/06/rape-victim-attacker-joint-child-custody/106374256/ … raped at 12, gave birth at 13 where is this justice?
How will this help the average American?
If only you cared about already born, the way you care about the unborn! Please be morally consistent & support sensible #GunControlNow
What, the inhumane act of those other countries that force a woman to have a child she may not want?
Most people don't think they would ever have an abortion until they are in a situation. Abortion is a medical procedure that helps  1
Most women don't find out about fetal abnormalities until 16-22 weeks....so no it's not...when you are having to make a decision like this
Better yet do you want to sit and watch your child suffer?
Continually embarrassed to be represented by you.
Stay out of Women's Health Decisions! 5 mo Termination is NOT THE NORM!
Get your patriarchal archaic views out of women's vaginas. You are not God, it isn't your place to send women back to the allies to die.
Then provided easily accessible free birth control to all women in the US. Birth Control can remove the need for abortions.
Women in Oklahoma with babies that will not live past first few minutes after birth already have no access to terminate. This is wrong!!
Your science is wrong. Your statements are disingenuous.
I'm not sure they would feel any pain from abortion but I do believe the age should be far lower
This is barbaric, USA wake up and stop this genocide
IT IS NOT YOUR DECISION. You need to get a life of your own.
Thank you
When misinformation and no scientific evidence is shown this is the bullshit you get from the KKK and the Republicans..
GOP: abortion is bad
WOMEN: ok we’ll use birth control
GOP: thats bad too
WOMEN: ..
GOP: I mean if yall could just like die that’d be ideal
Life begins at conception but abortion is possible up to the point of heartbeat in cases of rape, incest, or life of mother.  Any abortion beyond the point of heartbeat is murder and will be judged accordingly.
20 week+ abortions are extremely rare and 99.99% of the time due to a danger to baby or mother. Not elective. Also, NOT YOUR BUSINESS.
You know who else feels pain? Excruciating pain? GUN SHOT VICTIMS!
#BanAssaultWeaponsANDParts
So your answer to this question is yes.
No, my answer is it is the decision of the woman and her doctor PERIOD. Not yours. Not a bunch of holier than thous without medical degrees
Govt tells women what they can/can't do with their bodies already. (Hello? Prostitution). Not a religious issue as much as human rights.
Thank you, Senator!!
Kills children by taking away their healthcare, wants to control women's bodies and on to the rest of us. #MAGATS don't care
Late term abortions are called C sections..and you now are busy taking away from 9 million children health care. Medicaid and Medicare cuts
We have bigger issues you should be focusing on such as enacting common sense gun regulations
I think we should allow them till they are 18 years
The Netherlands is also among those 7 countries. We should stop the imhumane act of men deciding what to do with female bodies
Also.. You're deliberately giving selective info to 'prove' a point. Other 4 countries: Canada, China, Singapore, Vietnam
One day women will make laws regulating the male reproductive system. Wish you were as focused & adamant about gun reform & mental health...
Yea, it time to impose the will of the evangelical Christians on all people! Does that mean fuck free will?
Also we should stop the for-profit healthcare. We are 1 of 1 in that inhumane act.
The BBC surveyed abortion rules in European countries. Many exceptions to rules prohibiting abortions: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6235557.stm …
That's not true, but if we used other countries' examples then abortion'd be free at least for women who can't afford to pay, sometimes all.
Pro-Life doesn't at birth!! Act to restore Health insurance to 9 MILLION Children.
Thank you for what you are doing. God bless you sir.
Las Vegas, Sandy Hook, Orlando... that's a lot of blood on your hands #Hypocrite
Being so privileged I'm sure you have not found yourself in these situations but what if you had?
What about the women who had to get away from their abusive man before they can get in.. should those kids be tied to that abusive daddy?
What about the women who truly want theor babies but due to a fetal abnormality they dont want their babies to suffer
What about the ones who would of done it earlier but couldn't come up with the money since insurance doesnt cover it?
Let me know I can make that happen
You need to sit down with some of the women who have had an abortion and think hard "What would you do in THEIR situation"?????    3
Those in need. For most its not any easy choice. YOU need to get your head out of your ASS and recognize that it's A WOMAN'S RIGHT!!!!   2
Why don't you work on impeachment of the President. The man has a screw loose.
I am actually more concerned about the pain guns cause.
Senator, wasn’t Rep Tim Murphy a sponsor of this bill?  An advocate for the 20 week ban while encouraging his mistress to obtain an abortion
What's inhumane is knocking 32 million people off of this healthcare with the stupid bill you keep trying to introduce!
You just don't get it!!!
You don´t like abortions that´s fine with me. But stop your fascist thinking to force people to think your way. Ingrid.
Why are you involved in a decision that should be made by a doctor and his patient? No place for politics.
The US is the ONLY developed country that doesn’t have universal health care!
Sen. Lankford, when I see you advocate for contraceptives on every street corner, I'll believe you are earnest. Until then, you're a zealot.
We should federally fund abortion for whatever woman wants one.
Not sure why you are not concerned AT ALL with born babies. You let CHIP expire and support guns that toddlers use to kill.
How many countries allow illegal aliens to stay, and lobby legislators?
So thankful for @SenatorLankford standing up for the unborn!!!!
This bill will KILL WOMEN!
I'm not sure you want to open this can of worms, Senator.

Care to defend your support of the Death Penalty?
And, what about Gun Rights?
Canada is also among the 7 countries.
Do you know what it's like to be pregnant Senator? Why not leave women's health decisions to women?
Here's an idea. If you're against choice, don't get an abortion. Dont regulate guns, but regulate women's bodies. Totally makes sense
Legislating guns = people will still get them, but legislating abortion will work? Didnt before Roe v. Wade. Unconstitutional waste.
Why not make it a medical decision between a woman and her physician?  So much for small government and staying out of women's vaginas.
Amen.
If you are comparing us to NK, see death penalty, access to healthcare and human rights for LGBTQ people also...
@nytimes @CNNPolitics @MSNBC The Democrats started abortion to illuminate undesirables
No, there is no 'they'.  So no pain.  You must hate God a lot, to accuse him of being so cruel as to put a soul in a womb, DESPITE Gen2:7.

What are you going to do after they're born? Oh... That's not your problem? Of course not.
Liar
Agree.  Stop.
We’re also the only industrialized nation that has daily mass shootings and  for-profit health care. So let’s follow this line of reasoning.
Thank you for your support!
Lying #FakeChristians
Research: Bans on abortion after 20 weeks disproportionately affect young people & poor people #NoAbortionBan http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1363/4521013/full … https://twitter.com/ReproRights/status/914897770560888833 …
Lying #FakeChristians
Hi Rep. Trent Franks. I’m a researcher and abortion provider. This isn’t actual science. I’d be happy to educate you about it if you’d like. https://twitter.com/RepTrentFranks/status/914889566825385985 …
Abortion is the democrat party's sacrament. Democrats are the party of death. #MAGA
NRA=GOP=Party of Death
How do you reconcile the contradiction between pro-life #TheyFeelPain and pro-gun NRA $$$. Don't shooting victims/families feel pain too?

Do these children feel pain, too? #TheyFeelPain
Did Paddock's victims feel pain too? http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/15/515412800/senate-blocks-obama-era-rule-tightening-checks-on-mentally-ill-gun-buyers …
Isn’t this government telling us how to live?
He's fine with that on all social issues. @GOP is pure hypocrisy
Thank you Senator, addressing this is hard for some to understand and listen.  These children deserve a chance, just like the rest of these liberal idiots had.
If you were truly pro-life, you would advocate for universal healthcare and gun control. And yet...
He’s pro-birth. Caring about living people is a non-starter.
We are the only developed country in the world where mass shootings happen regularly. You haven’t addressed that....
We must be humane enough to consider the health of the mother and the fetus.  It's not right to force a child to live in incurable pain.
I’d like to offer my thoughts and prayers.
Ok, here’s a thought then. Help Mothers,grandmothers protect their children at school,concerts bday parties shopping. Keep them healthy too
Ahem..  maybe think about CHIP? There are living children, too, you know.
Amen!
100% with you Senator!
Also one of the very few without universal healthcare.
Quick! Let's regulate women because I can't give up my @NRA blood money.
Lol. See how that works for ya...
Didn't even say gun control. It's ok, I recognize you are incapable of having a thoughtful discussion about gun violence so, #boybye
Lol. You are calling me stupid...
Just sit down and SHUT UP. Comparing USA to North Korea is as insulting as it gets.
Lies. You're just pandering to your base bc your party is corrupt, amoral, & incompetent. Also, SCIENCE 
If you are going to base your bill on science, we should be using the best evidence, which indicates 26 weeks. http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/201429?hc_location=ufi …
that would be an argument if it was in fact their bodies, seems to me they are aborting someone else's body
Science much?
What's the gun control numbers?
Lol. If grammer is not your forte, you may want to steer clear of guns...
grammar*
