which part of "separation of church and state" is hard for you to understand? @washingtonpost
It is very fair as far as Churches are concerned.  You as a citizen have free speech go for it.  Separation is necessary.
You must remember Minister Lankford you hold a secular office.  Get your preaching out of the Senate.
I agree! Let's take away the churches' non-profit status. Let them pay taxes on the money they collect! Freedom isn't free.
Churches aren't people, dim bulb. You want to destroy freedom of religion and create theocracy.
People can speak. Superstition can't. Read the Founders!
.@SenatorLankford It does not muzzle people.  It keeps religion out of politics.
please keep religion out of government.
removing this will remove what our founding fathers wanted. No religion in our politics
Why do you believe religion should have any part in governing?
Build a wall between gov and religion
just so you know, I vote!
#NoDevos I'm a constituent too. I also vote. #RepresentOklahoma
Great just remove tax exempt status and they can be as unChristoan as you.
#SeparateChurchFromState #UpholdTheCobstitution
want to know who DeVos has bought in the Senate? http://endcitizensunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Web-DeVos.pdf …
If churches want to be political, they should pay taxes.  But then again, so should #POTUS.
People or Religious groups that want to mandate ideology?
I'm pretty sure Davis Oklahoma would like the tax revenue from Falls Creek,  your former employer
I am left to believe that you no longer believe in a separation of church and state. Exactly who do you represent?
Then they can stop being non profits.
As a fellow OK Baptist I am sick to see the death of your first love..  Politics has become your God.
what not fair is their favored tax status. #SeparateChurchAndState
Separation of church and state. Ever hear of it? Smh
How about we just do away with the tax exemption, then? Maybe make churches file for 501c3 and be subject to audit?
It is called separation of church and state for a reason. Don't want my beliefs forced on others or theirs forced on me.
with churches endorsing politicians, how are you gonna stop backdoor tax-free campaign contributions?
This isn't a rhetorical question @SenatorLankford in case you were confused.
These tv ministries with million dollar houses and private jets should be taxed. Lets revoke 501 status for all churches.
why not revoke all non profit tax exemption. In clouding hospitals, food banks, Red Cross, St. Jude's, etc..
that's not what I said..when you have billion dollar preachers milking the public and preach hate..tax em
So who is going to objectively pick and decide who get tax exempt status and who doesn't?
separation of church and state is a good thing and should be followed more!Politicians shouldn't be talking about religion
I like things just as they are. I don't go to church to hear about politics. Keep the #JohnsonAmendment
it is more complicated. dark money is very easy to happen.
I strongly believe in the constitution.  Separation of church and state
1st amnd "no law". church enters covenant with state when they inc. replace God with state as head
what scripture says I can deduct my tithe?
Anything LBJ did prior to 1963 was to prevent civil rights and keep power in Dixiecrats hands. 1954. Hmmm?
Just sayIng. I find it offensive when non Oklahomans weigh in on our conversation and bash our senator. That's our right.
Agree it's not fair. Better option would be apply muzzle to all organizations and their employees who receive Fed funds.
Apply muzzle to all who receive a benefit. Whether it be tax exemption or receive federal or state funds.
How about we apply same rules to organizations that receive federal funds. Just make it fair to all.
you want to support a political candidate in your church? PAY TAXES THEN
Then they should give up their tax free status if they want to be a political machine.
Now, Now is that really the truth? Did you go to church today? You can't be a liar and a Christian..pick 1
so what you're saying is you don't give a shit about the constitution because you don't want church and state separate
Half-truths are unbecoming on you.
"That's not fair."  Seriously?  You are taking on the pitiful speech of our #liarinchief
No, it forces organizations to stay out of politics or pay taxes. No individual is muzzled. Sigh.
Pastors don't give up personal free speech, just can't do it in the capacity of the church. Don't intentionally mislead.
It's obvious that you sold out OK kids: promised a Yea on #DeVos in exchange for a floor vote on your "Pulpit Politics."
#JohnsonAmendment keeps anti-free-election pols like yourself from attaching the integrity of the vote.
Political speech in the pulpit = no tax exempt status.
#SeparationOfChurchAndState
The wall between church and state protects religion. Keep politics out of religion. #ProtectReligion
Have you so little faith in your religion that you feel it needs to be supported by the government?
Jefferson believe that it did not speak well of the power of God if He needed a human govt to prop him up.
It is error alone that needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself-Thomas Jefferson
we have free speech in America this supports your agenda and Oklahoma voted No for this!
Would have agreed with you on free speech until I've seen what's happened in NY and California.
senator...separation only or no tax exempt...keep religion out of the government....church taxation good.
Let's not just pick and choose. Apply rules to all including those who receive federal and state dollars.
resign
#BALLSLAW  Pt. 6  = Refugee Ban, Superbowl 51 , California 

https://youtu.be/6NipC22PDeQ 
If repealed, it will open the dialogue in Mosques & Temples, too.
pertaining to fairness = that's not fair.. sounds like a man with no balls. Then you say... thats "Fairness" #BALLSLAW
Keep your religion out of my government! #Ivote
If you want to take sides in politics then tax exemptions should be revoked. #Ivote
And you shouldn't receive federal or state funds.
Why would she? You're ignorant and make no sense. You think you need to patrol here Mall cop?
Separation between Church and State is that too difficult a concept for you to understand?Keep your church out of my life!!
it is fair I'm a Christian and I do not want to go to church and hear who I need to vote for.
theocracy?
Senator, don't take your constituents for granted. This is not acceptable. Keep religion out of politics.
If you truly care for Her, you will protect Her. Don't soil Her but wash her and keep Her pure.
@CongressmanHice 

What's unfair is that it only affects churches that support conservatives!
I'm all for free speech, but if they want to play, they need to pay. Pay taxes or no politics. Simple!
It keeps non profits from endorsements traded for money (or other promises that benefit them).
@All100Senators @washingtonpost no one is forcing them to be non profits. They can give up that status willingly.
nonprofits give up the right to political speech  for the subsidy of tax exemption. Fair deal
yep, it's a deal, not a muzzle.
And shouldn't all who receive federal funding give up right to political speech?
That's not fair..You start cutting food stamp programs I will remind you on what you have spent on a supposed president
speaking of Non profit..Uruguay trip for Eric 97,000 President trip 3 million dollars NY security 300 million
If I still attended church & they told me to vote for Trump I would have walked out & never gone back.
Isn't that the full measure and exercise of freedom of speech?
this scholar/minister/Okie consituent joins majority of Okie's re: not representing us in DC.
When a church preaches politics from a Pulpit its time to tax that church. They no longer are a 501c3. Jerry Falwell Jr?
Our legislation would not turn nonprofits and churches into political action committees Evidently Trump broke that rule..
. Churches are where religion should be taught not our public schools. Vote no on Devos for our children.
it's that simple
they don't need to be preaching thier political opinion
. Churches are inst. not people.If church teachings are strong enough members will do the right thing.
this is misleading. Individuals @ nonprofits/churches do have freedom of speech!  The pulpit/company letterhead doesn't!
all due respect, higher courts altready ruled #JohnsonAmendment tax law doesn't restrict free speech.
not free speech muzzle. It's a separation of church and State. Churches should not have a voice in gov't
NO. remove the tax exempt status from the church if they want to stump for politicians.  Period.
@CongressmanHice yes, I agree. Use the same wisdom that went into drafting this to vote NO on DeVos.
#FreeSpeech is for individuals. Organizations which desire Political speech should pay taxes.
Churches that want to impose THEIR religion on others need to pay taxes.
