You know why premiums are increasing. Because Trump & GOP haven't funded it & there's instability in the markets. Your fault. Fix it.
Is your brain functioning?
She is absolutely correct in her statement. Don't watch Fox
Don't worry Karen. Trisha is a bot. I block bots.
How do we get through to our senators? Lankford analyzes everything,I think, to gauge if it will reelect him.I don't think the other 1 cares
Lankford is beholden to his biggest donors and the party. He relies on the SBC & GOP for re-election; he doesn't need us for that.
Inhofe has an ego and that's the best way to appeal to him. At least he does not pretend to care, unlike JL who parades his piety.
Exactly, JL pretend to be considerate
Does this mean you don't support the AHCA? Your office told me this week you oppose Medicaid cuts and I hope that is still true #VoteNO
Did they? Tweet that far and wide please.
Americans want single-payer, Senator. Are you willing to be their voice?
Trump Care is just as bad as AHC. We deserve the same I health care as you have
So this will be Your excuse for letting us chronically ill, no fault of ours, die due to lack of$? Cruel! I'm not exaggerating sir.
Wasn't that the Republican plan Senator, to have the insurance markets collapse so you could point to them and say Obamacare failed?
It's collapsing after Trump said he'd get rid of it so now the insurance companies decided to drop coverage. #AlternativeFacts
That (the uncertainty) and Rubio's provision to gut risk corridor funding. They're deliberately undermining it.
Repeal Obamacare now!
we deserve healthcare for all. Why is that not The proposal?
It is time for single payer system.  Equal health care for all.  Not left to states. For the people, not big Pharma. #VoteNoAHCA #Wealthcare
Simple solution: Move everyone over 55 to Medicare.  Suddenly the risk pools get manageable and insurers hop back in.
#Republican care further destabilizes markets. What will you do to improve them?
Why don't you hold a town hall to see what your constituents think? #whereisLankford
Vote against this bill! This is the worst! You are literally voting on whether or not you want people to die! Oklahomans will be hurt!
This would be a lot more convincing if it happened before your party came into power and forced it. We deserve better is right. #GOP
Get hlth care/ins/pharma/exp execs to meet  with ALL senators & fix obamacare.  Let's not throw baby out with bathwater.
Trump is manipulating the situation. You know darned well that the AHCA will NOT result in better care at lower costs. Vote NO on Trumpcare!
Repeal and replace, does not mean repeal and replace with crap!!! #HealthcareBill #Trumpcare
We are not stupid.  This is a tax bill not a health care bill. Rural hospitals will have to close thanks to you. #Trumpcare #BetterCare
You promised "repeal and replace," NOT repeal and give our money to a few billionaires. #HealthcareBill #LiarLiar
We deserve a healthcare bill written by not just old white men and insurance lobbyists. When will that happen sir?
Show us how this embarrassing bill reduces health care costs or prescription costs.  It's not there. #HealthcareBill Shame on you.
Why make care worse+ "choice" is false argument add on maternity care+ women haters, women aren't important? What? Add ons cost $$=0 choice
False argument Sen. Don't use this factual info 2 decide. Ins co.afraid Congress won't approve$ 4 subsides No 1 worked 2 make this a success
this new bill hurts our elderly, who actually vote... so go and take your chances.
Now tell us why? Was it because the R's would not say that subsidies for low income would continue, tell the truth now!
Agree...but you are missing a word. "ALL". All Americans deserve better AND all deserve health care. ALL!
You cannot call this bill Healthcare. There is nothing in it that will help anyone EXCEPT the rich. To use one of Trump's favwords.....SAD!
R lawmakers had over seven years to work on an improvement/replacement. Why didn't they USE that time to develop solutions?
Given president trumps rhetoric no surprise that they are failing
Sir, do you know what HEALTHCARE is??? Because the GOPs idea of "Better Care" is NO CARE. It's heartless.
Americans deserve better than what you are about to do to them. Are you genuinely okay with MILLIONS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS losing coverage?
Has the opportunities or the foundation u have had or aspired to, should they be punished of no HEALTHCARE? STAND FOR THE PEOPLE NOT PARTY!
Weigh either Republican or Democrate party! Do your children go to bed hungry or your child need medical care you can't afford? Not everyone
Are your parent on Medicare? Do they have to make a decision between health care & meds or the pay their utility bill? The elder needs out-
U r a smart young man. We need young bright people to care for and lead the people. Please apt for full public & Senate debate on HEALTHCARE
All due to insurance companies. We do deserve better but this plan will not achieve that. Domination instead of inclusion won't either!
You need to go public with the healthcare changes you're supporting. Your constituents deserve to know what you're doing.
Single pay without penalizing the old, poor, or sick sounds reasonable.
Please help us.  Take the best of ACA and make it better!!!!!
Vote for the people not your party
Expanding Medicaid would've prevented that. Remember insurance company profits isnt our top priority. Think of all those Falls Creek kids.
So the response is to strip healthcare away from everyone.  Sounds like the #SovietUnion
Single payer.
AHCA is not any better!
Trumpcare isn't the answer.  You could try Universal Health Care like the rest of the world.  But there's no profit in that, right?
That's because DC allowed it to happen with all the backroom deals. Lobbests,with their hands in the hip pockets of the DC crooks!
HR 1628 is the most vicious, shameless bill I have ever seen in my 65 years. I hope this ends the GOP majority in 2018.
Stealing from the poor and sick to give to the rich doesn't equal #BetterCare.
Can you look at yourself in the mirror and repeat this and even believe yourself? Hypocrite!
I was happy with my insurance before Obama & the Dems screwed it up.
I hope you will stand by your pledge not to cut Medicaid. Our most vulnerable people rely on its funding for crucial services. #voteNO
So make insurance companies participate in the exchanges. Problem solved. Except you're too worried about losing lobbyists $$. Bigly sad.
Trump is causing great uncertainty by threatening to not pay on Government Subsidies that make up thd ACA. I will die without it.
The ACA is unstable because the @SenateGOP does not support it & refuse 2 work with the Dems to improve it...ppl deserve the ins that u have
Worth reading 2
Worth Reading
We deserve better than this bill.
Stop fucking over the current plan and properly fund it, then it won't happen. The Rs created the mess.
And that includes the senate and Congress to be on the HC rolls as well. Unless of course your above the commoners / #deplorables
Because y'all have sabotaged every effort to provide real, reasonable health care for ALL Americans while lining your own nests. SAD!
And you and senator inhoff IGNORE your constituents when we try to contact you!!! Great representation of the people of Oklahoma NOT!!!
Insurance premiums are rising because you won't regulate insurance and drug companies and they were the only ones consulted on healthcare
Yes we do but the new healthcare bill as it stands is not it
With all those problems then why  you are for bringin more refugees.
"Better"?
You better vote NO on $50B Obamacare Lite.
BS, your sabotaging it
I received better care under the ACA than beforet. I'm self employed & my ins in past was a joke. Top $ for bad ins Keep the ACA
And if they pass the new bill self employed peoe are assesed a new 2.9% tax to fund tax breaks for ultra rich
The better solution would be to fix where is there not destroy it.
Trump was right for once...this proposal is MEAN.
Alert! GOP Talking Point 
I agree that Americans deserve better, but the bill presented today is not to better.  It is cruel.
Cancel all GOP vaction and get it done. We are tired of excuses.
What the Koch bros puppets are proposing is sick. They come like thieves in the night. Jeff skilling must of put it together from the pen.
Do you think it needs a lot of work from where it sits now, or much better on its face already?
Yes. What Senate is proposing isn't it though. Will hurt people like my parents
There's nothing better about this travesty of a bill. You should be ashamed of yourself for promoting it.
This isn't it!  Taking coverage from millions, eliminating Medicaid, and tax cuts for the wealthy. #VoteNoAHCA
Single payer
Cutting Medicaid & raising deductibles hurts our most vulnerable Oklahomans. We expect better from you. Raise my taxes, I'm happy to help.
Unfortunately this bill is not #bettercare. Stripping away Medicaid, and essential benefits is worse. Damaging for Oklahomans. #VoteNoAHCA
Is that what the secret Senate Bill will provide for all Americans?  Have you seen it?
Can't see it til we pass it
Is that how it works?  I've much to learn.
Americans deserve SINGLE PAYER.
Agreed we deserve better.  Trumpcare is not the solution.  Single payer is.  All Oklahomans deserve healthcare.
Don't take away healthcare from over 20 million Americans. Are you kidding? What is wrong with you?
JL has been infected with Koch money. Check his donor list.
