I'm gonna help your opponent take your seat.
How about REPEAL like we were promised. Things are not going to get better until you-the Government get out of the healthcare business.
Haha  about the part where congress should pass laws to provide stability and lower costs.   You should be a comedian. 
The republicans have a winning track record on this in 2017.  Hahahaha
Haha jokes on his own voters you own it now!    It's trumpcare and people are gonna b pissed  no more blaming others like GOP do. 
So true...I am proud to say I didn't vote for him. You are right TRUMPCARE 101.
HCare leg hasnt passed bc people actively fought against 45 passes an executive order to dismantle how is this good?
We know this is a lie! Why are you trying to make us believe this ? Say one thing & do another is the republican way or cheat!
Some good things from you lately but Trump did a dictator move on healthcare, squashing The People. U can't celebrate that.
Also...hope you stay healthy. People in the healthcare world have REALLY good memories.
I keep coming here looking for a glimmer of intelligence but ummm nope..No intelligent life here..when you applaud loss of hc for 280,000 OK
Wrong and right
No, it is not. Blood will be on your hands.
I’m an ins agent and a Rep.  we don’t all blindly follow the part line. To take action with no plan to fix is irresponsible. What’s the plan
I disagree. This is only good if their is a plan to address the issue. This action will cause 1000’s of Oklahomans to go w/o ins.
2018 is going to be eye-opening in this state, and country. Better start filling out your unemployment forms now.
Government in the healthcare destroys fair market, kills healthcare and destroys business!
You're out of your mind. We're voting you out of office, too.
So in other words you want the country to feel the same pain as all of Oklahoma.
All he does is sign EO's. Big deal! Undo all that was done but has no idea how to do anything else. I will never vote republican again.
What in the world are you thinking.  You don't rely on subsidies to pay for healthcare insurance so you don't care.  Congress can't do it.
Im a cancer patient and Rep but don’t understand your continued support of every plan the Rep’s put out. Pre-existing was a campaign promise
what about the people of Oklahoma who will not have healthcare because of this order?  Don't you work for them?
Who won't have healthcare?  This allows you to purchase your choice instead of only sooner care or blue cross.
It actually really bad. It will likely get struck down by the Supreme Court.
Let us pray that it is.
Bet this won't affect YOUR  health insurance which WE your constituents pay. Give up yours till all are covered.
We need single payer health care.
It is not good. It is harmful and the GOP has not put forward a reasonable plan to provide health care for vulnerable Americans. Challenge
Because the Republicans don't understand healthcare and how to insure all of us.  They don't want to work with Democrats to fix healthcare.
You all promised to repeal #ObamaCare "root & branch"... and failed... so stay the hell out of Trump's way... he's going to do it for you...
Who for the rich?
Just adding a reply to make the ratio worse for this bad tweet.
implying 45 knows what's best for us...he is an out of touch sexual predator narcissus.
We will remove you and the rest of your evil pals ASAP!!!!
This is about hatred and you know it. It's about hating the past black president and nothing else. Trump has done NOTHING on his own.
BCBS is the only ins co left in Ok. You think this is good? I will not be able to afford ins without subsidies. Stand up to this maniac!!
This will be your healthcare when you are looking for a job after being voted out of office.
It’s good for you. It won’t change your healthcare. But it will drop around 1 million people from coverage. You’re good with that?
No it's not. This is NOT what the majority wants. 2018... I can't wait. 2020, even better.
He is taking away subsidies from the poor.
Shame on you @SenatorLankford

More GOP hypocrisy. You are such a disappointment.
I cannot wait until you’re gone and can’t infect the people of this state any longer. #OklahomaDisease
I AGREE! CONGRESS NEEDS TO PASS TAX REFORM NOW!
I have questions....good for who? And why did it come from an Exec Order and not from Congress?
Don't agree on this. Reform is needed. But not like this. Joke. Don't say stuff to try and make it sound better. It's not good for anyone.
At least a million lose insurance and premiums rise, all to inflate one man's ego. What will you do to help Oklahomans hurt by this?
I doubt it's good.  BCBS has already informed me I can't get my plan for 2018.  That lowers my costs doesn't it?
Disagree. This partisan move hurts people and undermines the law of the land. You will not have my vote.
#wtf ? You do realize you just said #ExecutiveOrder is good? Because you dont have to answer to your constituents for their loss
Not to many of your constituents agree with you on this
Boooooooooo
Don't agree with you
No it's not! Nothing Christian about people sick and dying because of the lack money. All health org are against. Shame on you!
I thought exec orders were bad?
How does the koolaid taste @senatorlankford? I didn’t figure you for much of a patriot any way. The self-destruction of the @GOP continues.
You Senators should have done that 1st thing.
You realize Repubs. across America are totally pissed at GOP Senate?
Trump's tax bill NOW!!
All of Trump's tax bill.
All he wants.
Wow, so many Antifa trolls tweeting... They want America to fail
GFY.
Little girls get their feelings hurt and cry
Whenever President Obama signed Executive Orders, it was overreaching. #Hypocrisy
So many trolls. ..
Thank you for all you do.  Support our President!
If it’s so “good” why couldn’t it have just gone through the Senate? Oh wait, because it’s only good for you and Trump. #lies
Oh James, I would not be crowing about this. Grow a spine and support removal of the Moron 45.
of the WH. I'm sick of you not doing your job.
You're hurting us. You're destroying healthcare for Americans. #FakeChristian
What? Are you serious with this tweet? If Obama had done this exact same action you would not have the been so accepting.
"CONGRESS SHOULD..." is the setup for a JOKE. What will be the PUNCHLINE?
You'd better hurry. That EO creates a pathway to exponentially increasing premiums for those with pre-existing conditions. UNACCEPTABLE 
You really hate OK, your constituents and especially the Native American population of the state you are supposed to represent. Go away.
Why didn't the Senate get this done when they had the chance? #DrainTheSwamp
Trump can’t deliver on his promise with a Repub congr so he legislates with EO. He is a poor excuse for a leader. #MoronInChief #Impeach
yeah, junk health insurance now available. yipee! pre-existing conditions covered? anything covered?
No, it is not. https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/918481607337697280 … Are you ready to accept this plan for yourself?
Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
It is amazing the number of negative comments.  I am sure they read the order.  These changes should be good
If trump said he was gonna blow up Oklahoma you would go along with it. You're just another MAGAt.
How about using some other terminology. Some Oklahomans were there when somebody did blow up Oklahoma! The wounds are still raw!!
Get over yourself, clown.
For haters: Don't worry Nancy….just pass it, then you can find out what's in it. (@BossMan49601013) October 12, 2017
Very sad that you think destabilizing markets is a good idea!  Costs will increase and coverage will decrease!  Bad for America!!!!
This EO gives victims of Obamacare greater control of healthcare options & works 2 create more affordable system.
This wasn't good. Not even 'nice'. Nothing 'conservative' in It either.
WH confirmed it's ending the cost-sharing subsidy payments for ACA insurers that were designed to keep premiums low.
It needs to become a law. Do your part to remove Mitch McConnell from his position. And come out for John McCain to step down.
For the haters:
I just read the 47 replies to your statement. Every single one strongly objected.Please respond to this reply and explain why the EO is good
You can not depend on John McCain.  He thinks he is a maverick
Congress should remove the dangerously incompetent POTUS. We need better leadership! Puerto Ricans are dying! WW3 on horizon! Wake up @GOP
James, go ahead and be an Oklahoman.  Renounce your senatorial health plan and use what your clown president is prescribing for us.
Lanky is a Texan.
No, unfortunately he is my Oklahoma senator... I did not vote for him
No. It is NOT good. Moreover, the people have repeatedly insisted ACA not suffer Trump's anti-Obama agenda. Not to mention ACA is law.
No. It destabilized the market. Coverage will get worse.
No it's terrible. But the Rs own it now. When rates skyrocket and people lose coverage, we will just show them your tweet. #Trumpcare
Your clueless As retiree in OK I’ve have seen my Family coverage go from $500/month to $1659/month in 4 years.
Either you are not very smart or are incredibly dishonest.

Only the market in fierce competition can lower costs.
Lmao ... That shows your not on it now. If so you wouldn’t say that. Learn some manners and know subject matter before you speak!!!
Y’all just think you won’t be held responsible because you have no respect for the intelligence of your constituents. This is on you!
With all do respect. Congress doesnt appear capable of passing anything?
Sad day!
Didn’t you complain about President Obama signing EOs? I guess it’s ok now it’s your man doing it. Hypocrisy.
Once again it is easy to offer low cost plans if they don’t cover anything. That’s not what we want or need. This is sabotage
So Gerald you imply your on Blue cross blue shield. I’m calling BS. Most on Obamacare would have to say it SUCKS!!
Been involved in private Health Insurance!
Hopefully this will give us working poor at least a chance of affordable health insurance with actual coverage! Government should of never
It won’t.
I disagree. As a person with a lot of health issues. I personally am tired of premium hikes & crap coverage. Anything that takes a step
When Trumps base finally wake up they’ll smell your BS too. I hope they remain healthy
They aren't mentally healthy now & they won't have affordable healthcare, & you can bet mental healthcare will be for only wealthy people.
If it’s that good y’all should have the same healthcare
Actually, he is covered by ACA, but gets a 73% subsidy.
Key words:  "Stability , lower costs"  (Missing words:  "For all Americans"  but you and Trump do not believe that do you)
It's sabotage. Cut the legs out from under the ACA, so you can point to it later as a failure.
Trumps executive order isn't good. When did you turn your back on the people? About the time you sold out God? #soldOutOK
So frank who are you going to use for Obamacare next year?
Yet you make a statement like this! You're no use for Oklahoma ppl. None! Your agenda isn't for ppl to do better. God help you! #SoldOutOk
why would god help him. He's sold out the people of the state and the nation. All Tea Party Whores have, Lankford's not Republican he a fake
Very true! This statement shows that positively! This is proof! Despicable #DeplorableLankford #TrueColors #Matt25NotHisThing #FakeChristian
I calls it like I see it. The GOP in Oklahoma City sold us out and if you look most of them are Tea party Whores not Republicans of old.
Damn straight.
I thought executive orders that undermined congress were bad? That’s what you said before 2017.
So, good for whom? Lay it out so we all understand. Don't just parrot 45's words
NOT good if you have a pre-existing condition or want full coverage including annual exams. Really good for insurance companies Cha-Ching
This Executive Order will obliterate preexisting condition protections and bankrupt families facing unexpected tragedies. You know this!
Well know we know where your loyalty lies
You have no loyalty to the people of Oklahoma! Shame on you!
So what experience with Obamacare do you have? Blue cross blue shield is only provider and they are pulling out after 75% increase last year
BZZZZZZZZT no
Wewont forget how uvoted on healthcare GOP Undermining it &risking peopleslives U have the trump tattoo 4 life its permanent u didnt standup
You own it now everyone  of you cowards  it's trumpcare. Voters aren't gonna forget   You are guilty of taking away basic healthcare!!!
no, actually it's not. those of us with preexisting conditions who need move coverage than his diet plans are screwed
No. It's bad. It exempts ppl w/pre-existing conditions. It's low premiums for high deductibles. It does not wave mandate payment.
So where are people in OK suppose to go? 75% increase last year and only provider is pulling out. You have no idea so go educate yourself
Nothing is good anymore, thanks to people like you.
No it's not. It's awful. But that's fine. When the system is burned to the ground, IT'S ALL ON THE GOP now. You now OWN the results.
