Oklahoma, I hope we're helping
We may laugh at Okies, but they share same ideals.
Funny, we feel the same about Texans!
as attorney general, you allowed less transparency with chemical plants! shy? especially AFTER West explosion! good job caring about Texans
Keep up the good work, sir.
You should mention Mexico too. They offer help since Sunday. Any plans sir?
I encourage them to save their money & volunteers and FIX THEIR COUNTRY!  That is the best way they can help us!!
Yes they are!!! Thank you Oklahoma!! 
Still no mention. Nice. We are in the middle of a deadly heat wave and fire season . But, you're welcome. https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.latimes.com%2Flocal%2Flanow%2Fla-me-ln-lafd-hurricane-harvey-20170826-story.html&h=ATMcK0KQy4DAzYKAvi9c0tavGoONOZwYuT2NwKbNDNr6T_jn4CbrWhwYz3w3VNBvnvv5SVnz-97ZKygz3RJxzFnE2PnvqWp5TOFEgXQueTHnJJ4q6k6yJIKxL4DaEgjyugYSqZri4wdYibgFJ7OglRzPkl-5IXzeplZysDISiI8NuiyIen9AD5zwZs7mKyr14KQlTGMqOU9cP-ZhMkpKX_59gvquzSZgjuP_8eVwK-VJl7ZPu-vlxMCYxthPtLZLhwJ-MJDUHN0iBqHJFZlZZ-HW-2UKvk2tUdRFO3gPALg …
Texans deeply appreciate help from LAFD, SDFD, OCFA, and across California. http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-lafd-hurricane-harvey-20170826-story.html … #Harvey #HarveyRelief
Consider gov leasing cruise ship or naval hospital ship temporarily, homeless kids can live & go to school on ship.
Thank you neighbor's
OKIES, CAJUNS AND TEXANS....A FORMIDABLE FORCE.
We like our trucks, our football, and we like to eat. We also like to help out.
I am glad they are willing to help. Especially after you and the Republican Party have made it more diff to file a claim. SHAME!!!
The left is the party of hate
God bless Texas
Did you ever accept the offer for help from Mexico? Our Americans need it!
Mexico was hugely helpful after Katrina. This is a time to set this attitude aside, and help each other. We are ALL better together.
Governor you r doing a great job and so is Pres. Trump the Mayor Law Enforcement Nat. Guard n citizens n all the Federal Agencies. BRAVO
So is Mexico...tell your President....
@GatewayOK  yes @oklahoma
Dear @GovMaryFallin, 
#Oklahoma's support & aid is greatly appreciated. Thank you for helping our great state of Texas. #Blessings~
Governor Abbott, do you still need volunteers to help find and save people or need money or what????

@james__ok @seanmdav thank you...that's how Americans work together. #GodBlessTexas #Houston
Thank you Oklahoma my birth state I love you
@james__ok @seanmdav #gov @GovAbbott your doing a great job! Thanks
Conservative America helps each other, contrary to what the fake news media wants to believe about conservatism. Thank you Governor.
Abbott signed legislation making it near impossible to dispute any property insurer, eff Sept 1. You hurt every1. Conservatives are evil.
Democrats like @JoaquinCastrotx are trying to get Abbott to at least push the effective date back. #Harvey victims don't have enough time!
Go to hell asshole. Liberals are deceitful maggots who pretend to care but won't do anything more than redistribute cash from a third party.
I bet that makes sense to you. Evil rots the brain.
What about South Carolina?
You know we have Oklahomans down there doing their thing. Please don't doubt because Oklahomans always come to help out. #Okies
yes oklahoma thank you for your help...now can you stop calling us baja oklahoma?
Nah, but we might let you win a Cotton Bowl game every now and then.... 
No leaders matter if a Mayor can get away with telling people, against all advice, to 'stay put'. Some died. He is responsible.
Thank you. Neighborly Love. #ChristianValues

Neighbors helping neighbors that's the core of the success of how Texans are handling this.
Thank you, Oklahoma! Thank you, Governor !Abbott
Thank you Governor Abbott!  We are praying for you and the great people of Texas!
Thanks for your work on this. Feels like y'all are on the ground backing up the first responders & good Samaritans & not gummin up the works
Aren't you glad you don't live next to Delaware?
#HarveySOS      
Both are Governors of great free states
Gov. Greg Awesome Abbott.  We knew Texas made the right choice.
Meanwhile, the mayor of Houston is nowhere to be found.  No doubt in a crack house somewhere blending in with the addicts.
I didn't realize this, Sam.  I thought he was, at least, better than Ray Nagin.
He has refused even to take the governors calls.  Putting Democrat Party before his city.  Yes Ma'am.  He's no man.
Sorry, Sam.  I haven't been keeping up like I should.  Peace.
Thousands still trapped in cold water!!  Please! They need more help!!!
Yes, sir. We evacuated to OK from Port A/Aransas Pass area. Okie's have been so kind to my family. No idea if we have anything left.
@GregAbbott_TX Praying for you and your people in TX.I donated to Samaritan's Purse to help.God bless all those working in this effort.
Oklahoma and Texas are twins separated by the Big Red River. God bless you Govenor and God bless Texas. 
Okla Prayers are with you GOD Bless
You also trusted @realDonaldTrump. "Good luck" with that Greg. Donny has been known to lie.
@RoyCooperNC Let's step up North Carolina and help out Texas!
Oklahoma loves Texas our neighbor- prayers. ♡
Livingston dam opening more is flooding the Dayton area (highest rain totals) even more they have no shelter setup can you help them
All the people along the Trinity river have been told to evaluate and they can't reach the Mayor about setting up a shelter
Ur doing an awesome job Governor Abbott; don't 4get Samaritans Purse & Franklin Graham r there 4 U guys!  God bless you all!
Volunteerswithboatsthatcame to help Houstonians  we don't havemuch but wecan getyouwarm showerand somewhereto rest yourheadfor thenext round
Of course! We are America in spite of DC.
God tested Texas because he knew we could overcome and through it all lead the way in uniting a divided country. We are all Americans
What will happen during tornado season? National disaster? We all know Houston isn't a coastal city tropical storm common
Gut feeling Dems Mayor in Houston didn't clean overflow runoff street drains and rivers or creeks

You know why Texas doesn't fall into the ocean?
Because Oklahoma sucks!
Haters.. I graduated Norman High.
A joke.
Outstanding response by the Tx Gov and our POTUS!
Great!
