Senator Lankford, Please ask POTUS to appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate the murder of Seth Rich, alleged Wikileaks email leaker.
Many more mysteries will be solved when we discover #WhoKilledSethRich.
Of course you just defended Flynn. Oklahomans need true leaders, not party sycophants who can't even hold a town hall in the reddest state.
Flynn should be held in contempt for refusing to provide the subpoenaed documents.
You mean like hillary was?
None of this is 'like Hillary'. We're talking treason. We're talking handing the US over to a foreign adversary. Or are you okay w/ that?
Ah, so few tweets and followers. #troll
Not, how much does soros pay you?
No go read something besides Breitbart, and watch something besides Alex Jones videos and FoxNews.
Thank you. Keep up the good work.
Anonymous sources led to Nixon's resignation.
If he has nothing to hide why?
Yeah, but if it walks like a duck, and talks like a duck, and is associated with a " Donald"...
But he is obviously covering others to ensure his pardon.
How than did anyone figure out Hillary's scandles? Oh that's right Comey handed out immunity for everyone
Obviously the POTUS has your 'loyalty' which now sounds like a dirty word!
Trump said if you have nothing to hide no reason to plead the 5th. Do you agree with your hero?
Anonymous sources may be the only way to make sure we get at all of the evidence.  Too much covered up and intervention from POTUS!
Do discuss "another" way you intend to uncover the cover up outside of a subpoena? What does that statement even mean?
you didnt defend Clinton's team when they pleaded 5th. Yiur double standards is sickening
he could have provided those much needed facts
Didn't you have private talks with POTUS while serving on the Intell Committee that is currently investigating POTUS'Campaign?
Thanks Captain Obvious!  5th graders know it's Flynn's constitutional right to not incriminate himself,he can't refuse to comply w/ subpoena
Sure wish you would have been as diligent when others plead the 5th ... Just to name a few: Lerner, Cunningham, Lynch, Huma, etc...
Don't blame him a bit! It's a witch hunt.
Be sure to investigate Hillary also. ESPECIALLY INVESTIGAT SETH RICH and murder/Wikileaks contact. Assange said Russia didn't pass emails.
Let's hope that you end up on the right side of history Senator. Don't be a coward and follow the facts or you won't!
It is students' or any person's right to leave a speech they don't want to hear...as well.
If I'm not mistaken when you plead the 5th, you are saying you're guilty. Is that not what Flynn said when he was saying lock her up.
I vote and won't forget who the traitors are!!!!! Thank you for supporting the POTUS and u need to help kick start the rally around the him!
He was elected to build a wall deport and make America safe and great again how come the GOP IS IN HIS WAY. U better start making noise
Our party needs to stick together and get the POTUS agenda done!! If not I'm telling you and the GOP are finished wake up!
The dems would die for Clinton or Obama. The republicans congress needs to do the same. Stand by POTUS not make excuses or investigations.
Mr Langford I hope your not buying into all this nonsense! We need the republicans to stand with and fight with the POTUS! PERIOD.
taking the fifth is a long time move by the guilty, so for Flynn it works
You are correct in that it is his right. However @POTUS has already said this is the litmus test for guilt or innocence. #oldtweets
Flynn needs to be held accountable, one way or another. He's just about the shiftiest person I've ever seen. Even noticed it in Trump Tower.
Agreed. When are you going to step up and divulge your/Congress' role?
In the words of Mike Flynn himself. “If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?”
Anonymous sources are usually the reason there is enough evidence to investigate in the first place.
True but again he didn't respect it before it came to his using it.
Will you though?
Does it concern you that the pres. personally contacted Flynn to encourage him to "say strong?" Seems invested in his maintained silence
When a whistle blower leaks it because they don't trust the process. The GOP actions to date are a good reason why.
Lois Lerner did not properly invoke the 5th and y'all let her slide.
So Trump wants to cut food stamps and Medicare to pay for his tax cuts. What's your stand on this? How many of your voters depend on this?
Get a job you scum
Kinda like Trump having the right to fire Comey. The "why" they chose that action = the more important question. Not that @GOP really cares.
Be vigilant. Be brave. We need to know #truth
Make Sure you Do Not Defend Mike Flynn!
Awfully suspicious when he refuses to hand over his subpoenaed documents AND previously asked for immunity to provide information
Whether you mean it to or not, criticizing leaks and anon. sources looks like an attempt to distract from the content of those leaks.
Screw anonymous sources!  What incentive do they have to tell the truth? What are consequences for lying?
Get on it then. You need to be *better* than anonymous sources. So far, investigative journalists are kicking your ass.
True, but shedding light on @GenFlynn's and the @GOP's hypocrisy with regard to pleading the 5th is fair game.
5th amendment protection does not apply to existing documents.   It applies to testimony.   Hold him in contempt.
problem is you dont want to know the truth. if it wasn't 4 annoymous sources, we would never know what is going on. NOT TRUST in the house
we need to lay off the anonymous sources insults. massive power imbalances lead to anonymous sources. dont blame the messenger.
How do you know they are telling the truth?
Hmmm did u say that while @jasoninthehouse was persecuting HRC? My guess is...NO.
Of course it's his right. It's also super fucking suspicious.
