listen to your constituents. Vote NO on DeVos. You know she is unqualified- support public schools, don't destroy!
#SchoolChoice is a misnomer for #segregation Please support #public education ALL children deserve quality education
Then fully fund public schools. Then we won't have underfunded poor school districts.
if quality education is important to you, then do something to ensure ALL schools are better for ALL students. #NoOnDeVos
if this is your stance then please vote against DeVos for Secretary of Education!
As a parent & as a teacher seeking 2 serve my Savior I ask that you support public ed. Schl choice will only hurt children who need us most.
Just say NO to Betsy DeVos if her nomination makes it past the committee.
we already have school choice. No one is forced to go to public school! We need someone qualified, she is not!
#dumpdevos
Zip codes wouldn't matter if we funded schools with something other than property taxes. Or am I wrong??
This is not the solution and not what your constituents want #DumpDevos
Oklahome de-funded public #eduction by >29%, leading the nation and ranks 48th in quality of.  How is vouchering helping?
DeVos' policies have harmed students in MI. Pls vote to strengthen not dismantle public schools.
DeVos' Michigan schools experiment gets poor grades - POLITICO http://ln.is/www.politico.com/sto/yvaby …
I love you and all you did for FC that's a big part of my life story. But this just isn't factual. MI and IL are failing.
school choice actually means the school has the choice whether to accept you or not #dumpdevos
then Oklahomans would be better off sending their children out of state.  Your schools are embarrassing.
as a resident of Oklahoma, I am interested in learning how school choice benefits us. Can you recommend any reading?

thanks Clark! I'll check it out after this one that the senator recommended to me
please listen to the voices of those you represent. Our choice is to adequately fund our public schools.#DumpDeVos #OklAEd
What about children with severe disabilities? No private school I know will take them - don't have staff or facilities.
This is not the solution and not what your constituents want #DumpDevos
Providing an equitable education for ALL students starts and ends with public schools. #sufferthelittlechildren
U know there's no chance a voucher will let any impoverished kid attend a private school. #Welfare4Rich #WhatSchoolChoice
I'm a Republican
Prayers for USofALL
School choice is a LIE
OUR public schools represent the future of OUR YOUTH
you just lost my vote. Sincerely - registered Republican
I love my zip code and I love teaching my students that live in it.
I called your office last wk as a constituent to ask you to support public schools: best way to help kids in every zip code
this is not the solution and not what your constituents want.#DumpDevos
Too bad public education doesn't have that same support from elected officials in Oklahoma.
ur constituents don't want this. I'm mostly disappointed in you b/c I  think you know better but are selling out.
What about people who can't afford 'choice', even with some sort of credit?
please support the public schools in OK. The teachers, students & taxpayers deserve your full attn.  I'll call ur ofc 2nrw
I hope you actually listen to your constituents. I'd like to see the #'s on yea vs nay messages for Betsy Devos. NAY.
Listen to your constituents! We do NOT want vouchers in Oklahoma! It's time to support our public schools and teachers!
Try supporting public education, please.
power lies with the people. Not the government.  Thank you for your tweet on this.
.@SenatorLankford Then maybe let's not fund schools from property taxes?
Please don't make the Secretary of Education a person that is opposed to public education.
Sectarian schools are not really choice, are they? This is really diversion of public funds to Christian and home schools
- do you support same accountability matrix as public schools for the same tax dollars?
@cowboy6pak and since the taxpayers pay for it , we should get a choice!!
The problem here is that "quality" is often used to veil the intended word... which is of course "Christian".
Then maybe you should fund schools in your own state instead of cutting them to the bone.
Many zipcodes are so rural there is no choice at all; why punish them by denying fair share of funds?
And in my area all the private schools are religious. Tax $$$ should not fund a religious education.
@schoolchoicewk except those with learning disabilities. What's your plan for them?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/amber-arellano/michigan-the-poster-child_b_9210754.html …
except those with learning disabilities. What's your plan for them?
tell your friends! Calling and sending a letter is the best way to be heard! We have to take care of our kids cuz he isn't
his okc number is 4052314941 and dc is 2022245754. They will want to know if you are a constituent. Be kind but strong!
also call the house representatives http://m.house.gov/representatives/ …
yesss! Thank you.
tell everyone ! Apparently they are supposed to represent us more. Unlike lankfords voicemail and copy paste emails
will do!
Call @SenatorLankford, explain to him why this doesn't protect all our kids! Ask him to #DumpDevos. Provide facts and personal experiences
OK may always vote Republican but voting for limiting Senator's terms is a growing bipartisan idea. So keep it up.
and OK already spoke out about vouchers! The vote was pulled last year b/c we called. Remember this @SenatorLankford
And I wonder on American Education Week, did you support all children getting a quality education, period?
Thank you for supporting #SchoolChoice!
then you leave the most vulnerable behind. School choice don't have to honor IEPs let alone accept kids w/ disabilities
You mean you accept Koch money to help wreck public schools &pass laws for those making profit from schools  @SenatorLankford #education
Please support the thousands of Oklahomans who are teachers and parents of public school children. Represent us too!
Yes every child deserves a decent #education but #SchoolChoice benefits wealthy families and excludes the poor.
maybe you should work to ensure that all zip codes have quality schools, not that rich kids can go to quality schools...
I am a teacher who met you at Falls Creek as a teen. Why not support making all schools quality by proving equal funding?
don't want to pay for other people 2 put their kids in private religious schools.Separation of church & state ring a bell??
if you support ALL public schools, sir, zip codes won't matter. Ask your Deer Creek teachers what they think of this!
There wouldn't be any problem with public schools if our elected representatives could fund them.
if we compensated our teachers as well as half the country does, maybe all zip codes would have quality education.
Then do your job to ensure all public schools are  supported equitably.
well funded public schools with facts and critical thinking instead of dogma and for profit . That's is how to well educate
You need to put as much energy into upgrading the public schools in Oklahoma....you do remember us don't you?
It would be nice to see more STEM in schools.
I'm against school choice because separation of church and state, and because it discriminates against disbaled
