
God,I can't wait to vote you out. No amount of Donor Trust $, Koch$, Mercer$, Adelson$, or DeVos $ will help
Shame on you for pushing this through without your Democratic Senators there. Goodbye clean air and water.
@SenatorLankford @AGScottPruitt why approve Pruitt!!!??? Planet is too warm,coal dumping in streams, you have no conscience
US citizens support the EPA and the Endangered species Act. #earth2trump #earthb4politics #earthb4profits
It is costing the taxpayers 5 million dollars every week just for security details for Trump's family all over the place.
Unbelievable. Pruitt is not qualified and will not protect our Earth. He shouldn't be near the EPA!
you play a game with humans, hard to believe you were ever a doctor,, you are a terrible person
why do you think he is going to do the best job?
now to pollute the air and water; let the GOP corruption continue.
Ask EPA employees why they are protesting against Pruitt, just ask them, don't be a party line voter, have a conscience!
Really so putting someone that wants to pollute the nation and the world doesnt give you pause? All for $
How much money are the energy companies paying you for destroying Wyoming? Shame on you!
you fellas should pick up a science book. Might learn something.
Here's to increased earthquakes across the entire US!
@SenatorLankford @AGScottPruitt STOP DESTROYING MY COUNTRY!!!
this is anti-WY. Fishing, hunting, camping, Yellowstone, clear skies will all be hurt or destroyed.
Your so called AGPruitt will bring fracking to every state when he is head of the EPA that he wants to sue & dismantle
Barf.
what do you think Obummer did & Hillary too ! 10 trillion worth plus Hillary's Billions def fund!
This nomination is already an #environmental tragedy. Don't you have kids or grandkids?
Did you know they can now dump fracking water into the common drinking Waters which is poison for the people? #FLINT2.0

@SenatorLankford @AGScottPruitt would love to see you justify to your god the destruction of his creation.  Shame.
Sorry, @AGScottPruitt terrible here in OK. Only went after cases that got him good headlines. #ShutdownEPA
trumps taxes?
outrageous move senator. I guess you literally don't care what #Wyoming voters think as long as you get $$$
Oklahomans've been suffering under Scott Pruitt for years. His deviously named Right to Farm bill was resoundingly defeated
even in conservative OK. This person is the antithesis of what the US needs to protect our beautiful country.
GOPhas lost all sense of integrity becoming vulgar crass dishonest w/o honor; duplicitous craven selfish liars. U shame US
Not taking into account half the country is shameful...
Scott Pruitt supports the wholesale rape of our country's resources - science be damned.  You should be ashamed.  #2018
@SenatorLankford @AGScottPruitt he shouldn't be passing at all. ...
blame the Dems for logjam in the senate. Such hypocrisy is beneath you as a doctor & senator. Just Shameless !
wow just found out u r not popular in ur state
You're "delighted that the American people are confused"??? YOU are ridiculous! How shameful.
With dumb trump we are heading to Ww3. Ooops he knows more than the Generals
assclown brother to destroy our air and water
Will you congratulate the American people when Pruitt destroys ERA?When Climate Change poisons our kids?
Pruitt has MAJOR #conflictsofinterest & is NOT an appropriate nominee for EPA
Yiu well know Obama had to go Un bc All républicains mitch and company did not ket him GO ANY WERE.
ur from Wyoming and ur going to vote for ur
You are looking for your piece of the goverment pie.  Stand up and lie to americans
u just made assclown of the month
u acted like we don't need to know what our gov is doing
american people are not supposed to be im the dark u work for us
You and the GOP need to stop lying to America dictator Trump taking this country to war because of his stupidity. F Trump!
sweetheart, the sooner you learn that the Bannon-Trump foreign policy is a disaster, the better. #unfit
you want to force Iran to comply yet u lift sanctions off of Russia? #NoPutin
how dare u do this to The American People. History will not remember u kindly.
ur children will bare the burden of ur name.
kiss our environment goodbye now. Hello polluters. Sickening. @AGScottPruitt not qualified, all conflicts
if you have to circumvent rules to get your way, you MIGHT be on the wrong side of history. 
please protect our air, water, and land. We love our children
Thank you for getting things done! The Dems are showing poor behavior w this entire process!
Totally allowed and proper considering the childish behavior of the Dems of the committee!
I see Obamas community organizer fingerprints all over this obstruction. He is in the shadows directing byct
Pruitt is not qualified for this job. he uphold the values and responsibility bestowed on the #EPA
GOP not fit for any position in government! been asleep for 8 years and you suspend rules?
Yes, cause a one-sided govt is totally the way to go. 
so your conflicts in stock ownership in fossil fuel companies puts your interests first and not our future
You just change the rules whenever it suits your agenda. #nopruitt
shame on you for forgetting that we voted you in and WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT
it's not really "passing" the first hurdle if you just run around it. You should be ashamed!
disdains the bipartisan statutory mandate of the EPA. Cynical, regressive choice and bad for USA. Oppose.
@SenatorLankford @AGScottPruitt. Welcome to hell America.Devon Puppet slave to the oil indus. Pipelines and earthquakes OK
do you have kids,  John?   How are you going to explain to them why they don't have clean air and water?
Leaving the world a worse place than it was when you came into it -- What a great legacy, guys! So noble!
He only passed by cheating. #resist
Please tell us about your F Liberty score, Are you proud of that ? Will be working toward your defeat.
please tell constituents that you will BOTH protect our air, water and natural resources. I enjoy breathing!
