U may not like POTUS but we love him. Have his back like you have ur former colleague's back. Or is it too much of a swim thru the swamp
Dear Sen.Lankford, if you feel that strong about conflict of interest then get Mueller out of the Special investigations! Big Conflict!
What do that have on you? Damn. #peopleoverparty
Don't tell us, Senator.  We already know. Tell Trump. Then tell him again. Then tell him you told him. Do a little standing up for a change
You are a embarrassment.  Repeal Lankford replace with a Republican who has a backbone.
Funny, bout two or three weeks ago you were calling them rumors. Saying, pay no attention to these anon sources...
You're Handsome Senator 
Brit are you saying this with your experience as President.
Would be nice if our Senators would back our POTUS the way you all have the AG Maybe if POTUS felt he had friends there this wldnt happen
Sessions should resign, when we said lock her up we weren't lying, if the elite don't follow the law why should I ?
@SenatorLankford I hear over & over from Senators, you today, that it's very difficult to find "leakers" ! Is that be design?! Not an excuse
He has made his feelings clear in nyt interview. These are no longer rumors
Opposing Trump will only cost you your reelection.
The issue is that GOP is moving like afraid of Democrats on major issues. Six months have past with  nothing on Russia, healthcare and taxes
I still don't trust you, James. Your votes in congress are what I'm watching, not the words coming out of your mouth.
This may be a sad reality for y'all but the more embattled POTUS is the more embattled we feel. He'll win by a bigger margin in 2020
Please hold people accountable if Sessions is fired. Our officials need backbone to stand up for their convictions rather than cowing
He won't.
I love President Trump but I think Sessions was his biggest mistake
But Mueller must also go. Killery attorney from her crooked foundation? Other Dem supporters? 0 GOP?  FireMueller
All 45s corruption is ok though unless his victim is a Koch crony, like you. We see you.
Is Fox News the only station that will have you?
Watched the episode with Martha, exceedingly impressed with you. We thought Trey Gowdy was the best. Loved to listen to you.
Well thank you for ur comment...how do u know what has been internally said...is Sessions part of the back door govt?
I'm just going to leave this here.
Why don't you stand up and TAKE a STAND and quit tip toeing around!!!
That's the plan. Lankford will do nothing. Hypocrite.
Will you hold him accountable if he does?
There is no way he will do a thing about it. Party hack.
Once again, tell your buddy CCCP Trump Not us.
FYI - Stop taking money from Pharmaceutical CO's! Same exact manufacturer of my MS drug $5k cheaper in Canada and EU than in the USA
He was following the rules of the law.  Period.  He doesn't "belong" to the president.  He did the right thing.
Confirming his nomination was a big mistake. But it's true that Trump firing him would be worse. What would you do if he did?
I don't think he was right N doing so N should have let @POTUS know of his intention to do so. That being said I hope he stays on, he's good
Are you now a political commentator instead of our Senator.  Your comment should get a interview with CNN.  Please be a Senator or news guy
Well today are you going to be a zero or a hero..my prediction the same 0 you have been since inception..lets talk healthcare
I actually agree with you. 
I am shocked!
Ok so you support Sessions. What happens when trump makes the attempt or does fire Mueller? BTW Accusations of leakers being Obama era sad
Aim glad you see that.  If he is I expect you to stand by this statement.  If he quits I expect you to find it shady
But will you Rs actually do something? Or, will you just keep rolling over for Vlad/Trump?
The do nothing but harm GOP will stay true to "their President" and do nothing to him.
...Get Clinton. Leave @POTUS. They haven't done anything. We didn't vote for you to make nice with Dems.Clintons are guilty. Lynch guilty.
You voted for them to go after democrats? Well aren't you a awesome person!
While your on tv, why don't you talk about the Clinton collusion and theft of 20% of our http://uranium.You  jumped on the Trump rouse.
Start with firing Sessions. Then Scott Pruitt...you cannot be fired. Voted out...?
You say this but once it comes down to it, none of you spineless planks will stand up to him ! We feel like you're selling us out
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. He did nothing wrong to justify recusal. You, senator, are such a shill for McConnell, like you were for Boehner
I never thought I'd agree with keeping Sessions or you. Progress. Maybe Trump will achieve bipartisan ship with his destruction of @GOP
When we have Trump giving away secrets to Putin at every turn..there is your leak..between his phone calls to Putin and Netanyahu..go figure
Lankford and the rest of ya weak and flaccid repubs are failing the People.  The lying dems and media have you scared...GOP=dems...worthless
How could Sessions not recuse?  He was deeply attached to the Trump campaign. He did the proper thing.
He didn't recuse himself re: Russia hoax.  He recused himself re: Clinton matters.  Lankford, your getting recalled for that whopper.
Well said, Senator.
Do you just bla bla what do you actually do? Fight grow a back bone or get out.
If you & ur cohorts investigating Russian interference/collusion would have done your job w/integrity there would be no Meuller! #lostmyvote
You voted for trump. People will rejoice in the streets massively when he's out of office.
I swear the GOP is dead. Pandering to white Christian only not gonna last. Save ACA
Wow, we actually agree on something. Can you say obstruction of justice?

Senator, you talked big yesterday..let's see you put it in effect.  Defend the rule of law, sir.
flying
What Jeff did wrong was not talk to POTUS before recusal. All the hubbub was caused by this.
@POTUS should have KNOWN Sessions would recuse himself.  He HAD to, by law.
A lot of the GOP Senators talk a big game then fall right in line with the idiot when time to stand tall comes. I don't believe any of you
Pls take firm stance against Trump's attempts to undermine our democracy. Stop this slow-motion Saturday night massacre.
#MAGA
Sessions isn't a rino. Sessions held Trump's views when Trump was still a Democrat.
Sessions has been a nationalist conservative for his entire life.
Not prosecuting #ObamaLynchRiceComeyClintonBrasileSchultzPodestaHolder would be political career ending.
Fraud, #ClintonBodyCount, #Subversion, destruction of evidence, #TheComeyPass, #NothingToSeeHere, illegal spying, obstruction, Hacking Lies
#WitchHunt, ethics violations, conflicts of interest ect ect ect. It's never ending with the Democrats.
We the people are sick of the Democrats trying to destroy America & getting away with murder while doing it. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
"I also talked about Deep State leaks, which is Fox News craziness."
Daily public humiliation of Sessions by Trump is ok though? Btw,how about an update on the healthcare moving target y'all keep queuing up?
Firing sessions should have happened months ago. You senators should never have confirmed him, a known racist.
Firing Jeff Sessions for anything else he’s done is a good idea. Firing him to obstruct justice is a felony.
Look at the big picture.
POTUS is certifiable and you know it. He is also most likely a traitor and you know it. But for some reason you dance around the issue... 
You are #Delusional & we know it.
I know facts are hard. Bless your heart.
An impeachable mistake?
