The world wants to see the N.Korean people prosperous & living in peace. World must also be firm & united in holding Kim Jong-un accountable
You don't condemn the "fire and fury" provocation?
He doesn't. He's choosing party over country as it plays to his base and gets him donations. Hes only worries about his re election.
2nd I know Senator Lankford and he is NOT about donations or please a party. He's left ministry to serve his country. Very smart man
I'll go easy on you because of your osu affiliation, be thankful you're not crimson and cream.
What is his denomination?
Hahaha thank you! He is Baptist. Married my sister/bro in law. Great man and fellow Cowboy
That was my next ?? 
Are you related? Thanks.
Answer this for me..
What group(s) did Jesus join?
Well you asked what he affiliated with , doesn't mean anything to me other than that's the church he attends.
Donald Trump wants the world to respect US as a responsible member of the int'l community. His actions create the exact opposite dynamic.
I have a strong feeling u have NO clue what is actually going on, how America got here. Not being mean JS...
I second that motion. Do explain.
IMO-Clinton started it Obama allowed it now it's at Trump's feet. We American's feet. That's my opinion after looking thru the chain of
You brought up Clinton and Obama. I have no rebuttal. 
Your argument is sound and irrefutable. Like fire and fury but with force..powerful.
When are you going to stop this madness and Reign in your king? Your choosing party over country by doing nothing senator! 25th amendment!
So does Trump. He acts more like an overgrown child. Is that  HOP characteristic?
I think this is because there are a lot of skeletons in his closet he wants to be cool but he knows all the sin he has commi he needs Jesus
Pulling the Jesus card?  Seriously?
It must be a lonely love fest.
Ignorance runnin at an all time high here. NK has been a thorn, Trump is the 1 who has to deal with #Clintons, deal "it's a good deal 4 US"
Gawd, you sound just like Agent Orange, blaming Clinton for everything. NK has been a problem since 1950, remember?
Silent,  still?
As do 45's.
these no brain crybaby liberals make we want to puke. Were all your teachers messes up socialist to make you'll so messed up????
Puke then. What are you waiting for?  Go on and hurl your Funyuns. Send pics.
THE AMERICAN'S FOR OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP!! CALLS FOR EMERGENCY ! CONGRESS BACK TO WORK ! WE WILL NOT WAIT FOR VOTE'S TO PUT X ON KIM JONG-UN
LOOK ME TWEET!  PRESS PHONE THING WITH THUMBS!!  UGH!!
At the same time this govnmnt is harssing our POTUS for no logical reason! He will be the one who handles this impossible situation!
Poor Trump. All rich, pampered and ignorant and putting up with so much "harrsing."  Perhaps he'll get a hug from Putin.
Awe. You're 1 of the Trump envy haters that spits out mentally bankrupt nonsense regardless of reality! run along and gripe about his wealth
Same can be said for your boy 45.
Remember this guy? He once cared about this country.
Right up until he got to Washington.
If something happens, you will be as responsible as 45. I voted for you. I was a republican up until last Fall.
Thank you for putting country before party. Respect. <3
When did he do that?
I hope for N.Korea implementing Peace and Freedom of Expression
Kim jong-un is like a kid in a toy store with all his rockets...
So is Trump.
Difficult to do but a not too subtle message to the generals that for the love of the Korean people a change at the very top is called for.
Peace for N.Korea... Freedom is a must
Amazing how Langford for forgot to mention Trump.
Yes & the same can be said for @realDonaldTrump. When are you & the GOP going to put country over party & check this loon?
He's not going to. They haven't gotten their tax cuts yet.
I know! Gotta line those billionaires pockets first.
I wonder about our dynamic, James. Like the way we turned the Middle East into a smoking dumpster fire based on lies.
You don't have a clue about what to do about think. Go back to being a youth pastor and get out of politics
The GOP and YOU every Senator own this BS..Never in 8 years were people afraid to go to sleep. YOU own the pussy grabber,childmolester
The actions of your flunky in the WH are much worse the Kim Jong Un could ever think of..Trump started this shit..GOP never stopped him
So does Trump's.
So does Trump's actions. How bout you clean up DC 1st? Then you can take care of NK dough boy.
A can't believe a supposingly intelligent person such as yourself don't see two brats having a pee&#g contest!
Much like your run as a representative of my home state. But whatever the Koch's want, right?
Trump's fire and fury remarks do not build respect from our allies either.
Unfortunately the same can be said for our president. Threatening Nuclear war in a response to a reporters question is not good diplomacy.
45 is a child just like Jong-un but u can't see it. Ur to busy defending ur white supremacist hate grps and u call urself a christian?
Sadly, we have a lunatic with launch codes too. Trump's actions make him seem like Kim Jung Un's protege. Supreme Leaders at their finest. 
Kind of like the baby in the WH don't you think?
"45 wants the world to respect him as a responsible member of the int'l community. His actions create the exact opposite dynamic." #FixedIt
Seriously, are we pretending this is all on NK? That Trump's ridiculous and moronic taunts have nothing to do with it?
Republican senators who sit by quietly and let this maniac of a president escalate tensions with N. Korea should also be held accountable!
Tell the fat make believe president to keep his fat mouth shut and let more responsible people respond.
According 2 most posts, we should wait until NK kills a few mill before Trump does anything. Ok, I'll play, can NK do OK 1st? Now what?
Your @POTUS is just as dangerous as Kim Jong-un. Wants world to see him as powerful tough guy & he has zero impulse control. Reign him in.
James what about our president causually threatening nuclear war?
So true!!! Oh wait, sorry thought you were talking about Trump. My bad
You are not the President nor in the Executive Branch of govt so keep your mouth shut concerning foreign policy
Try & do your job. Legislate
And the Presidents provocative off the cuffs comments on Twitter no less are appropriate? Grow a spine James. 45 is incompetent.  #Impeach
Sure he isn't a Democrat?
FAKE ALPHA DEMOCRAT WANNABE IS SUFFERING FROM AN IDENTITY CRISIS!
As do Trump's
President Trump will go down as one of the best in history! The intel group will be ashamed of themselves!
MACHEVELLI. I WOULD RATHER BE FEARED THAN TO BE LOVED!
Much the same could be said of our president.
To stop this, #XiJinping shd make #KimJongUn an offer he CAN'T refuse. Give up #nukes & let #China protect him or die trying to keep them.
The 45th 's words made the situation worst! Shame on him!
I agree senator. But picking a fight or taking the bait to engage that regime isn't the answer. Period.
Your tweet is as useful as @realDonaldTrump. I would think you'd like to be in a different category. Don't waste our time trying to trend.
OMG can you not see and say that Trump does the same? I hope there are enough sane ppl in DC to deal with this.
Sounds similar to the needs of @potus
Take a stand against @POTUS saber rattling. It is dangerous.
The same could be said for 45.
Replace "kim jong un" with "Donald trump."  Crazy how that works so well
If only you had the courage the provide similar feedback to America's President. As he would say "Sad."
Kinda like that man you keep supporting who (when he's not golfing or tweet-storming) occupies the Oval Office. #FakePresident
Hummmm. Sounds like another world leader we all know.
Replace Kim Jong-un with Donald Trump.  Tweet is still valid!!!!
And so does Trumps threats
Well, at this point, most would say about the US: "pot. Kettle."
Wow.This all sounds so familiar.So close to home... Quick,who do you know that acts exactly like that? Love America #stopthemadness
I'm done. You have to do something. Get on a plane, go back to DC and take care of this BS.
Few corrections:
@POTUS wants the US to respect him as a responsible member of the US gov't. His actions create the exact opposite dynamic.
The GOP is an embarrassment. You all acting oblivious is something none of us will forget. Conservatives alike.
Ya you might want to start with your own country first. We are in a dumpster fire and you're not really in touch.
And what does the actions of our pres do? He may as well double dog dare them. He wants a war. Period.And will make it happen. Many will die
Your tweet reads the same by replacing Kim w/ Donald. Ready to actively campaign against hypocrites like yourself who support this maniac
So does Donald Trump
I really do not think he wants what you think he wants...he wants the world to fear him and in that way, Trump is giving that to him!!
Put the shoe on the other foot, Senator: how do you think they feel about Trump?
Kind of like Republicans and Democrats.
Then do your effing job and support impeaching the lunatic instead of tweeting innuendo
Oh no, a guy who voted for Democratic backsliding has an opinion!  

Resign, you despot.  Let an adult handle these issues
His actions create contempt and anger
Do you see a pattern in the response to your tweet. Just sayin
Helllloooo - so does trumps. You know this man
I see there are many fake tweeters on this thread.  President Trump is supported and loved by millions in this country.
@GOP has ignored 45s rants & abuse to people of this country Do you really trust him? Harm to USA will owned by you not  NK #NorthKorea
And what about trump he is so incompetent. He is going to get millions killed someone needs to stop him.
The president is unstable and can't be trusted with NK. Please do the  only sensible thing and remove him. It's what you're there for.
We are watching.
The US president threatening "fire and fury" is irresponsible. You're in a great position to speak out against this type of behavior.
You're putting US, South Korea and Japan in grave danger by doing NOTHING while you promote a seriously unstable man. Shame on you.
And Donald Trump responded just the same way that Kim wanted him to respond fell right into his hand. Donald Trump is no different. 
Good advice that should be shared with the White House, who's only tactics seem to be bluster and provocation.
All Trump wants is to be liked and adored... his actions do the opposite. Huh, look at that it's like we are talking about the same person
As do your president's actions.
And your President needs to shut his mouth and let those in the know do their work. His comments are terrifying to many.
But Donnie said fire & fury & power in the same sentence...won't the overfed dictator respect that?
@realDonaldTrump is threatening "fire & fury". How is that respectable or stable? #growapair
#getasexchange
The same is also true of 45.  Do you think America is sleeping well at night? Reckless immaturity & threats are not leadership Dangerous
Same can be said about @realDonaldTrump
Sounds like you're talking about DT
seconded
As do the actions of @realDonaldTrump ! When is Congress going to stop this insanity???
They're not. To them, this is all worth it for some tax cuts for their donors. They don't care how many people die for it.
