vote for Gorsuch
totes. #fascismforever amirite? #RESIST
Merrick Garland! #GOPKillingUSA #dishonestdonald #NeilGorsuchNEVER!
as did garland. your point? #novoteforscotusnom
while they are busy hitting you with this..Veterans and military need to see this https://www.cbo.gov/budget-options/2016/52177 … cutting benefits
yes he is a superb selection
Trump shouldn't be allowed to choose a justice in the last year of his presidency.
interpreting the law to who's advantage? dems r right to delay his confirmation.
I call bullshit!. #Merrickgarland FTW
You're getting thrown out on your ass next election.
hmmm -really? #HobbyLobby
Try this on for size
NO!
you mean #MerrickGarland.
Merrill Garland was an exceptional pick but you wouldn't even give him the respect he deserved.
Not gonna happen. Enjoy a taste of your own medicine.
Not your seat, thief.
There is no such thing as Legislating from the bench.  Gorsuch is a disaster.
treasonous snake. Your donations are publicly available, your kings' are not. Avarice and power struggles, right subhumans?
Another neo-fascist. Sell it elsewhere James. We will resist and obstruct the placement of hard right justices.
curtailing the abuses of the exe&legis branches isn't legislating from the bench. It's doing their job #resist #learncivics
ahh yes, the judge who thinks companies are ppl too. Totally cool...
traitor!
work for the people of Oklahoma vote no for DeVos  you work for us not DeVos an her millions
It is impossible to legislate from the judges bench. Your definition seems to be a judgment opposite of your views.
Please vote NO on DeVos. Even if your constituents are 50/50, vote NO and find someone more acceptable to ALL of U.S.
#merrickgarland would have been better.
please consider #merrickgarland instead. Better for the nation and much better for #Oklahoma
they also voted out the only agency to make sure our voting machines arent hacked. https://www.thenation.com/article/house-republicans-just-voted-to-eliminate-the-only-federal-agency-that-makes-sure-voting-machines-cant-be-hacked/ …
ANOTHER from the sewers of hell but again the people of Oklahoma will have no say whatsoever..really disgusted..u suck
Why so eager to confirm President Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court when you wouldn't even speak with #MerrickGarland?
Better than #gorsuch #Resist
Striking down legislation that is unconstitutional isn't legislating. But go ahead, try to argue against that.
#stolenseat
he is not what country needs
thank you ! #NeilGorsuch #SCOTUS excellent choice! #confirmDeVos!
NO. He is a danger to human rights. I urge you to oppose him.
If you care about the children of this country Vote NO on DeVos.  She will destroy public education in the US
- How often do you have to replace your knee pads when @realDonaldTrump summons you to the White House?
He is less than impressive according to my research.  VOTE NO   Grow a backbone and do@opposite of Inhofe
vote no on Betty DeVos. She is 100% unqualified. VOTE NO
vote against Social Security and Medicare at your political risk. There are a lot of us boomers
As an Army vet and teacher: I BEG YOU TO VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! She is unqualified and will DAMAGE our schools!!
Put our children before party line. Vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She will harm our children. We will remember this on reelection
I don't know why your constituents even communicate with you. You never listen to them. You should try it sometime!
Vote no on DeVos - she will Destroy public education in America
not for him also vote no on DeVo and Pruitt !
listen to your constituents...he is not a good pick.
And to your female constituents, you say.....
The guy does have a nice resume. Balance of Government requires Garland on SCOTUS!
Originalists do nothing but legislate from  bench. They write opinion & say that's what Founding Fathers thought. Whaaat?
. Please vote no on Devos. Sure he is a great person but disagree on many of his rulings.
not for women but great for corporations. Certainly not better than Garland. Reconsider!
Please take another look and do not vote to confirm Gorsuch.
He's not quite as exceptional as Merrick Garland is. Nominate him or leave it vacant. Should've @ least given him a hearing
is seems that his rulings favor corporate America and not the citizens. Please investigate further.
If you are doing your job you will consider the people you are suppose to represent...it appears you are failing
Maybe ask him about the travel ban when you get a chance and report back to your constituency?
#Gorsuch is a perfect choice for SCOTUS. A horrible choice would be confirming #Devos.
#NeilGorsuch is bad for women.  Vote no.  (Of course, you won't, because you don't stand for women, either.)
, so Corporations really ARE people?
Bad choice.
#MerrickGarland deserved a vote.  Grow a spine.  Please.
Maybe he and the sad POTUS can wear matching robes.
Exceptionally wrong for the US, especially women.  #MerrickGarland was a better choice.
Well said.  Judicial Legislation has created many of our woes.  Confirm #Gorsuch.
So is #MerrickGarland
I too hate women.
