Just a guess that those cuts will disproportionally hurt the poor and middle class.
Payments and interest just keep going so children will have no programs in future
Anyway you raise revenue you raise cost of services, products and everyone gets an increase expense
Three months won't matter! It was President Trump way of saying agree on something but all you people do is argue! Nothing gets done
Pres got you 3 mos. Surely, there is plenty of fat to cut for tax reform w/money left to build the wall. GET CAMPO'S drug money!
Healthcare before a wall..be serious the fence won't help
This is what happens when you do not support your party's President on issues.  He can not count on your support so he has to deal w/enemy
wow..dealing with the enemy...really..so anyone who is against policies that are assinie is an enemy?
First, no wages for the members of Congress & no healthcare! Get a job like the rest of us for your income! Hypocrite!
Three months provides an opportunity to work on a bipartisan solution if you will use it.  Balanced Budget Amendment!
Look at all these comments.Why doesn't @SenatorLankford ever respond to his constituents?  Not one reply.  Called his office: won't respond.
Let's start with the salary/benefits the Congress gets. Only place in the US where you can vote on your own pay increase/benefits package
So you are for amnesty for illegals  but against paying the country's bills????
Agree but both parties are addicted to money. It appears they won't stop until economic crash occurs.
Maybe not even then--they'd mint more money.
In a crash they'll have to print million dollar bills because of hyperinflation.
We all know YOU are going to cut from the people who need help the most.
Well, geez, @SenatorLankford, it's your party in charge-across the board. Fix it or get out of the way. #DebtCeiling
Well if you Republicans won't help you make @POTUS  try to work it out with Dems. Your fault.
What could you get done in the 12 days Congress was planning to work in September anyway?  At least he is taking care of Harvey and Irma foo
Maybe now you can focus on something for the American people like tax reform
Agree. NO MORE DEBT! Ceiling is a joke and if working class spent like fed, we would be in jail! Congress must live by same rules we do.....
Politicians should do your jobs!!
Entire month of Aug off in a non-election year?! Ridic!Obvsly planned by #Ryan & #McConnell. If u won't work w PresTrump 4 #Harvey victims..
I have a great idea vote down the unprecedented wall and we can pay bills. No cuts to SS and Medicaid..case closed..
Maybe if we didn't know how deep into your donors pockets you are, we might take you seriously...nope. You are going to have a judgement...
So true, who the hell cares about the fallout of a default?
agreed
thanks for bringing a wise voice of reason to our debt problem
#DebtCeiling shouldn't be raised #Americans are useless and can't live within their means and need a hard cold lesson in #austerity now!
He getting the hurricane victims the help they need, and can't count on Congress.
Failing to raise the debt ceiling means the govt can't pay it's bills and will ruin our credit rating. But you already know this.
Seems like you guys need a dropdead date to get anything done.
Senator you are correct, McConnell and Ryan do not want to control debt as they would have to curb spending and make have serious choices
@SenateMajLdr  needs replaced.
I'm so sad for you!
I'm starting to like you. It scares me a little.
Yeah sorry all those articles an TV appearances didn't help ya today! He's slippery that POTUS, slimey to be exact!
You also shouldn't be toying with paying our troops or defaulting on our debt. Grow up
Ryan has failed. If GOP. wants to lead do so or President Trump will help them follow.
3
Never raise the debt ceiling if Congress overspends garnish their salaries to make up for overspending
As OK has shown, we can't cut forever! Don't put USA in same trouble we are in.
A Trump coalition with 2/3rds of the GOP and 1/3rd of the DNC Congress looks real good right now to get #POTUS agenda implemented
Typical obstructionist GOP talk - we voted Trump to #MAGA - not listen to the #GOP whine about how they love doing nothing
Constituents already know the GOP knows how to "so nothing" - better start learning how to "do stuff" - Stop talking about what u won't do
#amnestyjames doesnt want to raise the debt limit but wants to grant amnesty to millions of illegals. So sorry I voted for you #VoteThemOut
Instead of bitching about it, do something!!  Repeal Obamacare. Send illegals home, cut welfare.  You have done nothing!!
Fooey!
Congress knows when the debt ceiling will be hit. They do nothing on reforms until it is a crisis. Start over.
Your party leadership wanted an 18 month deal.
Do not tie DACA to debt ceiling.
If you were a business and as part of the strategic plan you set a debt ceiling, how long would you be in business?

Keep cutting- the government spends too much money. It has been out of control for a long time.
Maybe the Republicans should try working WITH @POTUS for a change! #MAGA #draintheswamp
Please propose a public burning of the US Tax Code. That will definitively force us to look for something new. Like a consumption tax. :)
Defund sanctuary cities & Planned Parenthood. Deny all benefits to our non-US citizens who are here illegally. How much does that save us?
Your use of "politicians" to deride your fellow party members is rather disingenuous, don't you think?
How many years did the republicans have to work on healthcare. And we see how that went.
If your pursuit is reform or cuts, a 3-month deal is better than the 18-month deal that McConnell & Ryan wanted. Reform or cut in 90 days.
Did you and your friends on Congress presented an alternative? I don't think so.
I agree with you in theory, but what can you achieve before 30 September? ACA repeal was priority, but nothing accomplished. Losing trust.
I am from B.A. Time for GOP to get it together: Leadership has back stabbed Trump over & over time for you young guns to SPEAK UP and ACT UP
Honestly I don't care. I care more about Congress not ever doing their job, I care more about Backstabbing of POTUS. #EndDACA
When are we going to stop with the CR's and actually pass a budget?? This is ridiculous.
Fix DACA first, then worry about $ reforms. DACA is a humanitarian issue. Act like a Christian, James. People before $.
You sacrificed your ability to govern for to win. Now you won, but can't govern.
Then GET BUSY
Sasse and lankford don't like it? Seems like an even better deal now
Now you have proof that POTUS just isn't a loyal Republican.
