he's fought for the oil companies. Period
Do you understand that environmental issues are not restricted by state lines? States have to share air, water, land.
I bet that never occurred to him.
speak out to save democracy Trump is not normal and now we see why the nazis succeeded.
what the hell have you been drinking!  Ask Oklahoma's people how well he worked for them.
By citizens you mean oil and gas companies.
You have sold your own people; you have forfeited not only our land, but our future for a handful of silver. Shame, sir.
This isn't a question of states' rights. This land is our land, it belongs to the people, and the EPA exists to protect it.
like he did for oklahoma? He did a looney job here, now he has been handed the nomination via lies & deceit.
lol like that's helped Okla #LankfordPruittFail
Pruitt isn't educated enough or experienced enough to lead the EPA. He's in over his head so far DeVos won't look so bad.
You mean like he did what was best for OK's citizens?  Oh wait, no, he didn't.  How many earthquakes have we had this week?
This might make some sense if states didn't share air...or water.  Do you even go out into the environment, bro?
What's happening with that whole Russian ties investigation thing? We are so ready for answers.
SP believes states should be able to decide what's best for politicians' donors, even if that poisons other states.
We have experienced alarmingly high rates of earthquakes in OK. What will Pruitt do for us?
not for our environment.  I prefer clean air and water.  Not oil and gas puppets.
. Please do not vote until emails can be reviewed. If nothing there then vote your conscience. Why cant you do this?
Because he's spineless and bought by big oil.
@ScottPruittOK or for the oil and coal companies who will pay them the most and get the biggest tax breaks.
when he starts driling oil and strip mining in Ok we will remember and hopefully it will be right next door to you
BRAVO!! James
*cough*bullshit*cough
That's a hopeful thought. At least states can keep Pruitt out and we can create a clean environment
good to know we can't rely on congress to protect the environment. Hope the race to the bottom works out for your state.
I'm sure your constituents would love to hear you lie about this in person. Perhaps... at a town hall?
Well, by this logic, we're kissing OK's natural resources goodbye with your vote today. I, for one, love a good earthquake!
more of the same#bullshit..
Are you only obsessed with Clinton's emails?  Why would you not wait until Pruitt's emails are released? Hypocrite.
Yes, and Oklahoma can continue to be burdened with earthquakes for the sake of money. #resistancerecess #TownHall
confirmation vote should be delayed until court ordered e-mails are released. #PruittEmails #ScottPruitt #VoteNOScottPruitt
"...he will push for states to make the best decisions for their citizens". Did you say that out loud before you hit tweet?
BUUUUUUUULLLLLLLLSSSSHHHHHHIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTT
Oil companies. You mean oil companies, not states.
McConnell & Ryan suffer from Tunnel Vision--trying to get Republican Agenda thru during #45 chaos. America is watching you
like how he did zero to enforce the laws in OK?
How many oil tycoons/lobbyist are lining your pockets? Maybe we should check into your emails as well #pollutingPruitt
#scottpruitt fights for big business, not citizens, not environment, not states, not law.
YOU will own this destruction you are wreaking on our Earth. WE will hold YOU accountable!
I cannot wait to vote against you.
Pruitt's vote should wait till the emails are read! #citizensneedtruth #resist #GOPstrongarmsAmerica
make sure and mention the historically high level of earthquakes here in OK.
Oklahoma has @GovMaryFallin (Worst Gov.), all she does is cater to Devon and Chesapeake.  Just like you.  Just like Pruitt.
he sure hasn't shown he cares about his own state.
please tell McConnell to postpone vote until after Pruitt's emails have been released.  The air we breathe depends on it!
Yeah... On the other hand, @gop's paycheck also depends on it. We'll see what they choose.
the entire state of oklahoma knows youre lying. Let that sink in.
Pruitt has fought for nothing in his short career. He just followed orders from oil/gas while OK AG.  Much like you!
GOP desperate to confirm #pollutingPruitt today before emails ordered released by a judge can even be read. #PostponePruitt
But the states won't/can't...They will cater to the largest industry in the state. Why am I having to explain this to you?
No, what happens in one state affects the entire country. You are wrong. You need to put country ahead of party #NoPruitt
this is what fascism looks like
#yes #thanku he'll also surely push US citizens into the hellish storm that will shortly envelope the earth
You do realize OK has a $900 million budget shortfall. What makes you think OK is currently capable of good decisions?
No, #ScottPruitt has fought for his state's right to destroy the environment. His job at the EPA is to protect it.
my concern is that #scottpruitt will allow states to choose what's best for the oil/gas industry, not for their citizens.
