And what happens to premiums & ins markets when healthy folks opt out of buying?
I'll answer for you - premiums spike, more people "choose" not to buy what they can't afford, spiral of literal death for many Okies.
Not if taxes are lowered. Not if we can import drugs & equipment cheaper. There are other ways to help lower prices.
Lowering taxes on the rich will do nothing to provide healthcare to the lower middle class.
Did you know that if you need a tumor removed, you can be required 2 pay full cost up front if you don't have ins? No way you can get chemo.
Nothing personal but people need to relearn how to save $ for emergencies.
Say you make $40k a year. About avg in Okla. How do you save enough for a heart transplant for your newborn? It's a preexisting condition.
How do working poor save enough for a $10k deductible?  How does anyone not wealthy cover cancer treatment? The lifetime cap will hit early.
AMA just issued statement in opposition to this bill. Seems like they might know better than you what's best for their patients?
Yeah but that message is not getting out!
FYI: people not having insurance increase costs for us all... you see it in our inflated pricing of services.
Not really. Health care is a human right, stop turning Americans into a profit margin.
Many who are forced to buy insurance can't afford copay and deductibles. Ocare is a tax bill, and even McCain knows it.
You can’t force people to buy something they don’t want. This is America. Land of the free. Home of the brave.
You sir, are evil. Should I make your salary 0 and say you're choosing to starve?
Is this the part where you acknowledge that the same CBO score you're using to defend this hot mess also says premiums would INCREASE?
That's not a good thing. Those people are just as susceptible to unexpected illness or injury as the rest of us, as well as bankruptcy
And taking care of the uninsured is a drain on hospitals, esp. rural ones, as well as everyone who has coverage and has to pick up the slack
We need single payer health care.
It is not a choice when people cannot afford it. Your use of language here is misleading.
Not advertising it, threatening to discontinue cost sharing, creating market instability forced most to leave market leaving no choice!
He's right! CHOICE given to Congress w/73% subsidy but not given to VOTERS, subsidy given to Ins Cos, not given to VOTERS- Ocare is SCAM!
It's not a choice when you can't afford it.
Bullshit..nobody CHOOSES not to buy insurance..Losing insurance is HUGE..Your LIES no matter how you paint them are just that!
Because of ACA a lot of people CHOSE not to buy insurance. The penalty was cheaper
I WANT insurance I have a pre existing I have gone with out meds for yrs..but I pay my penalty so others can have..
You can get cheap Meds, even free meds.
a dr. office visit is over $100..If I go which medications to I tell my man I can't buy? Or what groceries do I not buy..or drop my car ins
And there are MANY drs offices that charge $50-$70.
What about when you have an emergency and have to go to the emergency room?
EMTALA it's a real law.
Are people choosing when they can't afford care? Are they choosing to die? Are they choosing to be evicted from nursing homes?
With ObamaCare insurance people can't afford the doctor because the deductibles are outrageous they are paying for something they can't use.
This gem of a bill also includes waivers for states so they can allow bare bones plans that don't meet ACA's essential benefits requirement.
Essential benefits= oxymoron. It's a list of loaded benefits i.e. requiring Seniors to purchase natal care when beyond child bearing years.
You can't buy a policy that just covers what you have.  I don't have heart disease or diabetes, but my insurance covers them for other ppl.
More shameless self promotion from the camp counselor.
I will tell you again: the ACA saved my life.  By voting to take away those protections, you are hurting me, my family, my community. Shame.
Repealing the ACA is PREMEDITATED MURDER #GreedOverPeople
Can they chose not to have a car, but no auto insurance?
If Obama had left the insurance industry alone we wouldn't have these problems. Preexisting conditions and selling across state lines could
You should educate yourself before talking. Selling across state lines is not an actual thing. Note, you haven't seen R's bring it up?
Premiums were going up year after year, insurance companies were kicking sick people off or denying coverage under false pretenses.
ACA got millions upon millions of people insurance, + despite what R's claim, 5-6k in deductibles is a LOT better than a million for cancer.
Kids, coming out of college without jobs because of Bush economy were kicked off parents plans. Under ACA they had time to find jobs.
ACA helped the poor, sick and disabled get insurance they didn't have before, and strengthened employer based programs.
You can make up whatever nonsense you want (God knows the President you voted for does), that doesn't make it true.
Can not afford to buy and live
Health ins won't work unless everyone participates
Problem is Dems and MSM are getting people to believe repeal will kill them
because Oklahoma refused to expand access to Medicaid when my father got cancer he LOST his insurance and died in crushing debt. NO CHOICE!
I still don't understand how the gov can force people to buy a private, for profit Co's product & be penalized for not being able 2 pay 4 it
Big difference!!!!
Too expensive. Cheaper to pay the ugly fine by IRS. @BarackObama disaster
How many Oklahomans do you know that don't want healthcare??
Maybe because it will be too expensive after #RepealAndReplace
Throwing the baby out with the bathwater... Means something to you ?
Ins w/o essential benefits or covering pre existing conditions is not ins. Stop trying to legislate women's HC.No tax cuts
All Sens&House shouldBforced2getOCare ASAP!U knowACAcardCOST&Ded$$^MORG/RentCAN'TaffordBOTH
Notice the MSM never reported that. Subtleties of how media can distort facts
Can't say I support your stance. Proud Oklahoman, and I think McCain made the right choice.
If you destabilize the market, costs go up. People have no choice. Please fix the ACA. Not repeal.
2018
it wasn't a healthcare until after the democrats voted then added it and more on it.This is why republicans did vote on it.Full of taxes
Health cares  a choice, Get Government out, Humans need to take responsibility for their health, NOT GOVERNMENT,Congress should pay 4 theirs
Who is paying you to run us this line of crap?? Thats false and you know it!
As my Senator so disgusted with you.
@S_Cooper0404 

Makes me sick....
EXACTLY!  now if we'd let the free market have a crack at it, people that want or need it will buy it and people that don't will do without!
That's right!. Daughter's husband did not want to buy insurance, and was wrong. to force him to. Crazy to say that he would lose insurance.
Also!  You all had a chance to work on Obamacare the first time around, and insurance companies have been playing games this entire time.
Maybe if you expanded Medicaid it would have added some competition to bring prices down.  You did that.
The only choice was to vote down 'skinny repeal'.  Now time for the Senate/House to work together to solve our healthcare crisis.
You are the first person from our government to say so sir, Thank you. State run media refuses to report that fact.
Because the health care is crap that approved by insurance duh??
Amen

Multiple sites: "couple commit suicide b/c couldn't afford healthcare"
Now b/c "financial"
Must have realized #McCain blocked any changes 
We will be encouraging those to vote out those who did not work and vote yes.
No, no, no. Are you really this stupid??????
Problem is insurance co s/b quasi  utility not a high end profit maker! Dems an Gop are being paid to prevent great inexpensive HC.
No one can afford to pay premiums and not be able to use benefits which are needed due to fact must pay deductible before Insurance pays $1!
Americans resent being forced to buy crap insurance, giving our hard earned money to a monopoly or being penalized in taxes.
How great it would be to have Senators from OK care more aobut people than the party.
Many of us hate Obamacare all what it has done to medical care
The working man can't afford insurance so we can pay for the ones not working. Does this make sense to anyone???????????
not a big difference if you choose food or rent over insurance. Come on Senator you are better than that.
Choosing not to re-elect you and being voted out. Same thing with the same results.
you mean we are stuck with the scam
Single payer UNIVERSAL coverage for all including legislators.
You voted for 118,000 Oklahoman's to lose their coverage Senator.  I'll remind Oklahoman's about this when it's time to vote for you again.
VOTE @SenatorLankford OUT!!!
#OKLAHOMA #VOTELANKFORDOUT
If you had pre-existing condition protections, I might half buy this, but it's still wrong. Lots of people choose not to now, they just pay
The penalty. So your logic is flawed already. People that are covered would LOSE insurance. You're a poor representative. Have a nice day 
I know the left likes to change definition of words but choosing,losing and mandatory are all different words with different meanings.
You probably need to read your bible more
So disappointed in all u republicans.Im staying on the books as republican-to primary all of you. Then i will vote only the party of Trump 

It's not a choice when YOU & the GOP are purposely sabotaging ACA and drive the damn premiums so high people can't afford.
The Rs have proven their multi-billion dollar insurance industry is far more important than The People. Time to elect REAL conservatives!
Obamacare = income redistribution - tax middle class people who can't afford to buy insurance and using their $ to subsidize others
You don't know human nature. low income people will never buy health insurance if not "forced" to. They will use ERs for Doctors office etc
Then we (with insurance) will pay for the uninsured anyway.   I know!   I have seen it MANY times!  ACA insures everyone must have insurance
FIX the problems with ACA!!  GOP DUFFUS!
More like CAN'T AFFORD.
The Republican Party has been very disappointing to the American people
Thank you Senator for that truth. My prayers are with you all. May the Lord grant great wisdom in the days ahead.
EXACTLY!!!! Not forced to buy what is depleting family sustinance.
If you can't afford it, it's not a choice.
Just like I choose not to buy a mink lined hospital bed or diamond tipped syringes. iMy choice, clearly, so I should be allowed to die.
NO SIR!! You have NO idea! I thought you were better than this! I hear you on NPR speaking decently, then you say this. ENOUGH!!
On their parents insurance, you LOSE insurance when you have met your lifetime limit. Research and get the facts correct
Umm no you LOSE insurance when you have a pre-existing condition, you LOSE insurance when your child can no longer be
Exactly!
Too bad why get insurance when you don't need it..? Why are you forcing Us?
You should see the horrible care my husband gets on Medicare in the great state of Cal. He used to be healthy before now 60 pills a day
Heck I want to wait before getting medicare & big brother says NO you gotta sign up for this teat now
Really? I like you- had hopes- thought you'd do good. So if you "lose" my vote in 2022, remember... I'm "choosing" not to vote for you.
Very true Senator, but Republicans lose the messaging battle with Dems every time. Your Party has no idea of how to market your ideas.
Does Trump understand this point?
What are you thinking? That everyone can afford outrageously high costs? That those w preexisting conditions can access care? That's stupid.
They aren't LOSING insurance, they're getting back their FREEDOM of choice. Why not call the bill the American Healthcare Freedom Act...
"Choosing not to buy" what you CANNOT AFFORD is not the same thing as choosing not to buy what you do not want. BIGGER DIFFERENCE.
Do you read these responses Jimmy?
Doesn't matter GOP failed the America people you lied to us for 7 years
How dare you! No one rightfully chooses to live without medical care for their families. Shame!
You mean it results in them CHOOSING to let the taxpayers pick up their healthcare bills in the ER.
I'll bet sure to vote against him when it's his reelection. I don't care who is running against him!
Thank the Lord for 2 wise women & a man!!!!!!! God works in mysterious ways. Time to reexamine your heart & listen
Thank you @SenatorLankford for voting to repeal.  This is why I voted for you.  Dems crying just have no concept of liberty. #MAGA
What about those premiums?
Which means the CBO didn't expect the state Republicans to opt out of the ACA which caused the insurance rates to increase by 200%!
Let's remember to state the entire truth the whole picture not just your version of it.
You cannot be this obtuse. Who pays when uninsured show up at the emergency room, sick or injured? We ALL do. It hurts everyone! Geesh, man!
Why on earth should I pay higher costs for healthcare/insurance because others "choose" not to be insured? Where's MY choice in that?
We are mandated to carry other kinds of insurance? Why? And how is this different? The GOP used to be the party of personal responsibility
The GOP, through your lack of willingness to work with the Democrats, are proving good at obstruction but bad at governing. That's a shame.
Yes I would choose not to pay $12,000 a year. Buy catastrophic and pay the rest myself. Thank you very much.
Should be no REPLACE just REPEAL! government has no business in HC, where the lobbyists pad politicians pockects and write HC law.
You're a stud.  Always impressed, and at least for me that's not easy for anyone to do.
The More the Republican cowards talk about healthcare the more annoyed I become. They are truly pathetic
CBO projected 6 million currently covered by employer insurance would choose/lose coverage. Which of the words fits best for that situation?
For Shame Mr Lankford. My time and money is now commited to unseating you.
Need to prosecute Loretta Lynch Hillary Clinton her aids for crimes committed get behind the freedom caucus
Sen Lankford.  Very complicated situation. Thankful for you wading through the weeds for us Okies.
So would you choose to not buy insurance? No. Didn't think so.
liberal mathematicians: If I choose not buy marijuana for a whole year, how much marijuana did I lose?
Most importantly, # of people insured is not the proper measurement: affordable care it.
Important distinction to make that no one including fellow GOP senators seems to understand.
You're wasting your time senator Judy Woodruff is paid for by democrats she will twist truth and lie before she concedes to@it
Need to get something done talk is cheap
So work to improve the current law for all Americans.  Stop waisting everyone's time with repeal.
Ok so what's tour excuse 7 years we have been lied to, you had no plan
How is choosing not to be covered a good thing?  Who pays when these folks need care?
Millions of Americans simply CANNOT AFFORD TO BUY INSURANCE - that is an undeniable fact. Many others do REFUSE to buy it.
Now that I seen that you voted "yes" I will vote "no" when you're up for reelection.
And if they CHOOSE not to purchase health ins, is your position that they should be denied life-saving emergency services?
it's not much of a choice if you can't afford it - big difference.
The difference is semantics.  People choosing not to buy the low coverage insurance they can't afford.
By their own choice.  Not "leave without coverage".
You betrayed good, decent people with your vote tonight.
—NO—        —YES—
  AARP       Lankford
   AMA
Hospitals
 Insurers
Physicians
 Veterans
Governors
Oklahomans 
7,000 Nuns
87% of US
The old saying "Money talks and BS walks" applies here.  GOP needs to stop funding Obamacare and Medicaid expansion!
Absolutely right Sir! Where r ur colleagues? AWOL & totally lacing in courage!
Choosing between affordable and unaffordable is only a choice to ideologues with group plans. Such a disingenuous argument is beneath you
Since when do you know what CHOICES we are going to make. Healthcare is broke because of insurance. Whats the CBO score for #singlepayer
Why in the hell doesn't this message get out BEFORE the vote????????
you misunderstand how insurance pools work, unless you plan to underwrite the insurance cos or put them out of biz
I Hate CBO
Big Difference, its not in the Constitution for me to buy Health Insurance
Was having a black president really that bad?
...
Preexisting conditions mate... preexisting conditions
Give us the exact same health care that Congress gets ...
Or ...
Give Congress the exact same health care that they give to us.
The problem with healthcare is 535 people are deciding on something they will never use! 
See the problem now?
hmm, I wonder what the odds are of people within those millions who at some point will need inaurance?
You put party and the insurance companies over the people of Oklahoma, shame on you.
No, sir. That is an extremely DISINGENUOUS framing of the issue. The American people won tonight. From a constituent.
Deciding between rent & health insurance is NOT a "choice".
Deciding between groceries & health insurance is NOT a "choice."
I really don't see a political future for you anymore.
Oh look. You and Inhofe made the Wall of Shame.
Keep trying to spin your unChristian vote. You have no integrity.
Bullshit
McCain showed up with brain cancer to vote country over party. You did not. Shame on you. Americans want decent affordable #healthcare
You lose, Lankford. Do y'all need another 7 years to do something or do you want to start working with Dems to make ACA better for all?
Because the premiums will spike! 20% higher premiums doesn't do your constituents any good.
Shame on you James. Thought you actually cared about the American people. Time for you to be voted out
CBO a joke
They "Choose" to not buy for the same reason I don't have a house on Nantucket.  I can't afford it. Premiums will go up even more. #VoteNO
Not being able to afford insurance is not the same as choosing not to be covered.
He doesn't believe that anyone could have an actual disability. He lives above all of that. Right, Senator?
This is the same guy that blamed 'welfare moms' for Columbine. Said they had their kids fake illness to get disability & then drugged them.
They CHOOSE not to buy, but still get hurt/sick. They go to the hosp that can't refuse them. Ok hosp goes out of business! Big difference.
Not much difference if the choice not to buy insurance is based solely on soaring costs.
Hard to 'choose to pay' for insurance you can't afford. Or maybe you meant choosing between food & healthcare. Folks will suffer either way.
Please stop announcing to the entire country that you are from Oklahoma...as if things aren't bad enough already!!!
Tell that to the children of Oklahoma who receive less care due to Medicaid cuts and maltreated children because of parental stress.
So many of your Republican colleagues r 2 ashamed 2 Tweet about their vote 4 this bill. As they should B. So should you. #Shame #KillTheBill
I want t buy the product I need not what is dictated by gov! Get gov out of the karketplace!!
Y'all don't understand, it's not affordable. WE have bills and TAXES to pay,so y'all can get Free gold standard healthcare in Congress
http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/32/6/1030.full …
That is misleading, & assuming you are well read & intelligent, that level of misrepresentation is also called a lie.
So few people in Washington to figure that out!
Right
Certainly wish our Senators were working for Oklahoman's
7 years lying about repeal/replace. Never thought you'd win so it's was hot air. No leaders; Only followers. All excuses. Pass something.
Your disdain for your constituents is obvious.
At what point did you sell your soul to Trump and Satan? Or were you born this way?
