@SenateGOP If you believe this is good for your constituents then you need more information. Will cause bankruptcy & death
Then stop the loopholes the insurance industry help install, shut down excessive profits on meds & save ACA!
@SenateGOP maybe you should talk to the ins companies about that. They raise the rates. #insurancelobbyinCongressPockets
Special thanks to our insurance companies and OK for refusing expansion.  #SaveObamacare
@TulsaTalkin @SenatorLankford So people can have no insurance at all. Just think how much they'll save! You are a genius!
That's how they save money in OK. Funny how we still pay that man.
Bet he still gets his FEHBP though.
give us the same insurance you have or you take ours.
it is not caused by ACA but by insurance companies raising the rates. We need a cap on insurance companies!
This is because of @MaryFallin and her policies. You KNOW THIS. Don't mislead. @SenatorLankford #SaveACA
yeah repeal and not replace is your plan which will lead to DEATH of US citizens. u must be happy for that
@SenateGOP We the People want Jeff Sessions as AG!
Socialism Fail..We need free market choices
@SenateGOP how will people afford to pay for injuries from the next 5.0 earthquake?
ACA OBAMACARE--
Repeal it all. Repeal it now. Do not delay.
Carol Tanner, Shawnee, OK
@SenateGOP 
Insurance companies raised those rates. They will not drop them.
Where did you get that figure?
@SenateGOP can't wait for the billionaires club shows us how they put the people before their stock portfolios.
that is because OK refused to expand medicaid and receive the xtra funding $$
@SenateGOP what is it about Oklahoma that insurance companies don't want to participate compared to  say Washington state ?
@SenateGOP If you let more Oklahomans die, your health care expenses will go down, too. Smart move. #FiscalConservative
.@SenatorLankford Why did insurance co. refuse to provide service in your state? 
How do we open the mkt and rates?

#StayHealthy
Obamacare premiums went up because there was no medicaid expansion.  You know that, Sir.
RepealingObamacare FaceSlapTaxCutFor Millionaires will get 80% of the tax reduction   https://youtu.be/G4gPXvW3DG4   via @YouTube
Can I receive the same healthcare benefits that you receive at taxpayer expense? Until then, #GOP has nerve!
Can you repeal a Dictator President? #DictatorTrump
@SenateGOP how will you fix this problem?
All 5 states happen to be red and refused the expansion. It's not about Obamacare, it's failure to acknowledge the truth.
Thank You
Get healthcare away from insurance companies and the rates will quit rising. They are profit before people.
No Senators.  We NEED healthcare.  ACA allows me to go to a doctor and manage my health instead of using the ER.
Here's a THOUGHT - maybe go after the insurance companies
@SenateGOP did you check with the insurance industry why that might be?  Can't cut their profits- increased rates.  Duh
@SenateGOP hmmm... I wonder why the insurance rate is so high? Maybe *gasp* ObamaCare?
@SenateGOP We Know ... we are paying the Price! Stop talking and start Repealing/Replacing
News Flash! Ins companies raise premiums q year!  They are just using ACA as excuse to put more $$ in pockets. #Dense
it didn't help when Fallin refused to expand Medicaid.
@SenateGOP Fix the costs. Oh, wait..You and Paul Ryan won't get your $$$ from Insurance Companies then, will you?
Your solution is to take health care away? How much do we spend on your health care? Greed pure and simple
, are you going to explain here WHY our rates went up with "alternate facts"? 

#alternativefactsarenotfacts
yes he quickly forgets how he worked with Mary Fallin to opt out of the medicare expansion.
Healthcare cost is the problem you’re dodging. My dad suffered cardiac arrest last year. 1 weekend in hospital cost $50K+.
@SenateGOP increased rates has nothing to do with ACA...the insurance companies raised their rates...it's call GREED!
@SenateGOP that's a blatant lie W/ACA I PAY $240 less a month/CHOOSE ALL MY MDs&no cap on prescriptions&is $500deductible
but replace it with WHAT?  YOU ARE IN THE DRIVERS SEAT NOW SHUT UP AND DRIVE #RepealObamaCare
Remember Trump filed bankruptcy 5 times!
try worrying about money you don't have! it's fiscally irresponsible 2 start building wall w/o guarantee in hand
@SenateGOP  ins. company fault not ACA You guys really don't have a clue, do you?  can't believe you do it on purpose
No replacement insight Huh?just kicked millions of people out? Very nice!
@SenateGOP WHAT ABOUT #LYINGTRUMP THREATENING MARTAIL LAW? BECUASE OF Falsehoods? Isn't that a threat to the American peopl
@SenateGOP lots of talk from republicans fixing this is your job wait is our answer
ACA families w/cancer need GOP plan DETAILS re: PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, LIFETIME CAP LIIMITS, HIGH RISK POOLS
@SenateGOP it will be on the republicans head as they have not voiced any concern. Save America please
@SenateGOP country. Are you unable to see this.   Between his lies disrespect of the CIA he is going to bring us down and
@SenateGOP   Please stop this narcissistic person that is our President. You really need to reel him in. He is ruining our
@SenateGOP please stop worrying about that when we are on the road to lose our democracy. Stop Trump he is a dictator
You must be talking about those alternative facts.
@SenateGOP I think we should sue obama for the increase & missing $2,500 annual savings.
oh
Oh senator here is a message from God @SenatorLankford @SenateGOP half man half woman being. Oh LGBT community is valid in the eyes of God 
didn't realise how fucked up America is and how fucked the Republican Party is. Here is a hint
oh coordinated by republicans 
Fix it...or people will die w/o addequate healthcare. Do you care?
premimuns were the main concern so instead of fixing you you just throw it out. Smart to reinvent the wheel!
and how much of that was to cover prescription medication. big business and corrupt reps are why you always FAIL
We all know that but you don't have to throw the baby out with the bath water. You had a foundation to change.
@SenateGOP restrict pharmaceutical costs and regulate insurance hikes, we'll all be better off.
ZERO among you, have APOLOGIZED to all who LOST care, when premiums climbed, deductibles went insane. ZERO!
@CaliTrumpTroops In exec healthcare management for years, no need for ludicrous premiums, making Insurance companies rich.
@SenateGOP did you state take part of the #MedicaidExpansion ? You N the @GOP in #Oklahoma screwed their own citizens
It's not the ACA that is causing this rate hike. Every insurance plan is high. Take a look at the reasons. Don't scrap ACA.
@SenateGOP how much did it go up in years before Obamacare?  Do not twist the facts
Fine, repeal it. The uninsured can pay the 6 digit costs for some treatments out of pocket. /s
@SenateGOP
Instead of using Obamacare as a scapegoat.  Maybe first analyze the root cause of increase.  #Americans4ACA
Then total medical costs will rise and people will die. Ever consider tweaking what is already working?
did Oklahoma accept medicare expansion or force insurance  rates up to hurt the ASA #aca#Obamacare
stop being a bad person
No pls DO NOT repeal the ACA! Many protections for those on E'yr plans & great coverage w subsidized costs for low incomes.
1 of the 1st things u need to do is to stop the tax penalty from Obamacare!!!!!!!
you've been fighting against Obamacare for YEARS, & didn't care enough to spend time coming up with what will replace it.
what is your replacement to provide affordable healthcare to more people? Provide solutions.That is why you are paid.
I think you are utterly lying. Cite the data. Why are the rate increases so high? Do work. Provide analysis.
NOT until y'all put that better plan out there, PLEASE?!?
hope you didn't vote for him in Nov
99% of your statistics are wrong.
because of you, Inhofe and Fallin Mary!
Rates went up b/c our governor did not accept federal funds for the AHCA.
Vote no on DeVos and Pruitt.  They will be devastating for American.
The gag orders by the President are reminiscent of NAZI Germany.  This is a democracy-'We the people' have a right to know
haven't had insurance in two years thanks to the ACA. Ready for a full repeal! I have a great single payer plan!
I think you are lying
lying about what?
you are without insurance due to ACA. I would like to know rates prior vs today and what coverage you had
I paid $130 a month with bcbs, after it was cancelled a similar plan was $280.
get rid of ACA and get sooner care back on the books.
it is doofass
Show us your replacement plan first.
And how will you care for you citizens? You don't quite a job until you have a job. Repeal ACA for what?
why hasn't OK expanded medicaid? Why are we leaving our poorest citizens behind? Do you have an alt healthcare plan?
If you must repeal, let's see the replacement plan first. Don't leave OK unprotected from what little coverage we have.
W/all due respect, provide all the facts---subsidies covered majority of premium for 87% of Oklahoma enrollees.

Can we talk RE EPA and USDA repression. Why is the current admin. silencing Scientists and stopping research funding??
You are telling your constituents that they will be better off without insurance.
