I've been beaten to the obvious response that republican obstructionism to Judge Garland's nomination was unprecedented.
As was Republicans taking a seat hostage for about a year. Go figure!
You should really think through these tweets to make sure you aren't showing how much of a hypocrite you are!  Remember Garland?
You're going to approve a candidate nominated by a president under FBI investigation. I wonder why they don't like that.
The Left sure does want America as we know it to change.  They're sick.
Stop trying to gaslight. We all remember what Sen. Republicans did to Merrick Garland. Changing the rules is cowardly & unprecedented.
You obstructing #MerrickGarland was wrong this is a stolen seat and for you to change policy is unprecedented and wrong. You are WRONG
Please. Obama wanted to slip in a fast one before his term ended so there was one positive mark on his presidency. Garland was a casualty
OK folks, please follow state representative Cory Williams - @repcorywilliams - he can speak to your concerns on the local level!
Dems and Republicans... Stop lining the pockets of your super pacs and start acting like grown ass adults... Way to unite the country
And the GOP refused to confirm Merrick, the rightful pick, and your point is?
The only way Republicans can get something done in Washington is by changing the rules. That's how a dictatorship acts. #NuclearOption
Harry Reid changed the rules: the GOP simply played by rules Dems created. 

Not sure if you're dumb or hypocritical...
Your in the same boat as Dan you don't have justify your decision by blaming some one else, why wasn't Garland allowed a judiciary hearing.
I can't do anything about your poor decision making skills, I can still exercise my right to completely disagree
Can I exercise that same right w/o being told I have poor skills?
Sure nothing hypocritical or dumb about it exercise you want
Too late: you already started name calling.

It made you look very credible...
Yet when a Democrat was President u & your cohorts did everything to block,interfere,destroy & ram his admin.Why cry now?
This statement is the definition of political spin to justify pushing a candidate that didn't earn enough votes to confirm.
No confirmation while WH is under investigation. #NoGorsuch
Way to go Dems! #Garland
So unlike what you all did to Obama's nominee. Talk about hypocritical.
This is partisan filibustering
Not allowing even a hearing on Merrick Garland was completely unprecedented; pretend not that you don't understand this.
Maybe pick another judge who doesn't choose corporations over people? After obstructing for 8years is it any surprise?
I cannot wait until all your benefits are taken away and history judges you for hypocrisy.
Get him sworn in
The election loss has shown their true colors unfortunatelllly...it wasn't 'apart of the plan'
@SenatorLankford @gop you blocked and ignored judge Garland for an entire year! Was that justified?
@SenateGOP What is UNPRECEDENTED is refusing to allow a confirmation hearing for Garland. Mid- term elections
@SenateGOP You changed Government Rules! Democrats are trying to keep some sort of bipartisanship.  Repubs did same 2 Obama
Republicans did not even allow Obama pick to Senate flr hypocrite! #Indivisible @senrobportman
Again, see Biden rule, supported by Clinton and Obama.
Changing the rules so the GOP had enough votes for #Gorsuch was unprecedented. Obamas 2 noms got enough votes then you shit on Garland too.
At least your nominee was given a chance to be voted on. Merrick Garland situation also unprecedented, but completely outside senate norms.
Garland is not the first SCOTUS nominee to not receive a vote. It's happened several times..rare, but not unprecedented.
It's almost as UNPRECEDENTED as not even meeting with a qualified SCOTUS nominee in 2016...almost..
Reference Biden rule.
Biden rule supported by Sens Clinton and Obama, i believe.
There is no such thing as a Biden rule.
Obviously not a real rule. It's the senate, there are no rules.
And still with constituents calling for a no vote and many saying we can do better than Gorsuch you vote yes. Sad day for women & minoritys
And the disabled. And the working class.
You mean except for the whole refusing to hold a hearing for a #SCOTUS nomination?
Biden Rule, supported by Clinton and Obama...
Sore losers and crybabies hard to believe anyone dumb enough to vote for any of these fools
And ridiculous.
Also what's unprecedented is not even giving Merrick Garland a vote.  Shame!  Shame!  Shame!
Re: Gotsush - what's really unprecedented is McConell utilizing the nuclear option!  Very wrong!  I am ashamed of congress
So disappointed in my Oklahoma elected officials! I will work for your opponent in the next election! We will remember you betrayed us
Resign
The Dems are jerks
Because HE SUCKS AND DOES NOT REPRESENT WOMEN!!! How dare any of you OLD WHITE MEN!! THE PATRIARCHY IS COMING DOWN AND YOU WILL ALL REGRET!
Ur a traitor to the constitution and America. a disgrace that will be recognized as such in historical hindsight along with all @GOP now 
A lot of such coming from the house and the hill lately!  Little productivity......
I urge you not to support the nuclear option. It weakens our democracy.
Stealing SCOTUS seat was unprecedented. Obstruction is unprecedented. Ruining integrity of our judicial system...

You are an embarrassment.
GOP didn't even allow the vote for a year.
I'm going to do everything in my power to keep you from being voted into office again.  I do like David that answers your phone though.
Seriously?   GOP doesn't get to claim higher ground.  Merrick.  Garland.
Hypocrite. Remember Merrick Garland? GOP will regret nuclear. #FlipCongress2018
Your hypocrisy is unprecedented. #finaltermlankford
Paybacks are hell aren't they! Your party wouldn't even hold hearings! Change in months I pray! Lead don't complain!
@SenateGOP You should not even be voting on this Criminal investigation on going for guy who nominated him UNPRECEDENTED
@SenateGOP Completely unprecedented to not even hear a judge last year All of this is on GOP You twist everything
Liberal jurisprudence has long jettisoned evenhanded application of the  law in favor of channeling benefits to politically favored groups.
What was unprecedented was #MerrickGarland not even getting a vote. Hypocrisy at its finest!
By invoking the #NuclearOption, Senate Republicans just ensured that every 5-4 SCOTUS ruling will be tainted w/illegitimacy for yrs to come.
you seem to have comprehension issues. Russia is under investigation. Trump is not.
A typical Republican - it's "unprecedented" only when it hits home, but it's completely "precedented" when they screw other people...
Garland just another brown stain on  Obamas briefs
I beg your pardon, is it different than allowing a nom to be heard? Double standard, huh!
Republicans filibustered Obama nominees constantly, refused vote on SCOTUS nominee. No justification for your shameful partisan actions.
If someone is under FBI investigation they have no right to be President..Trumps words..No laws No appointments til the investigation isdone
A lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court should be done in a bipartisan way. My heart is breaking.
As opposed to not even allowing a hearing.  Only thing worse than hypocrites is corrupt hypocrites.
Merrick Garland. Hypocrite. We see you.
now they only have to do it 96 more times and they will have caught up with Rs record for judicial filibuster
1974 is closer..
Long 4 years..but 2020 POTUS wins again. They will face themselves in their mirrors.
Your lips to Gods ears @Jacqel62685
God knows u very well also.
Different from refusing to hear a nominee by Obama how?  Hypocrisy thy name is @GOP
If u wanted Garland 2 have a vote, u should have controlled Senate.  Obama told us if we wanted 2 change things, 2 win elections. So we did.
Glad the Dems can no longer stop Trump's SC justices from being appointed. If u want to appoint SC justices, win some elections. Trump won!
It may be the 1st time in history, but it's the right thing because this nominee is not qualified for this important position  NO on nucular
I came her to say it, but so glad everyone else beat me to it.  Garland.
Everything to do w/ the Trump admin is completely unprecedented & you'd've done the same w/ Garland but couldn't give the courtesy of a vote
This will be remembered in 2018
Shut that mouth, hack. #Garland
And they wonder why they lost !!!!drain the swamp of both parties, let the people have our country back and God be in charge 
Wow. Refuse to hear Garland's nomination but this is ok? R's won't be in power forever.  Karma.
Why would @gop nominate someone so far right? Just wrong on so many levels and you know it. Your on the wrong side of history. @SenateGOP
Breaking:  Republicans crap on constitution, one-party system like Nazi Germany.  Traitors to US Constitution and tradition #TheResistance
Why aren't Conservative groups complaining to the House of Congressional Ethics about Schiff? He needs to step down.
how about using the nuclear option instead of voting on a nominee  like has happened for the last 200 years
Oh booo hoooo hooo!!!  Republicans just changed the rules when they didn't get their way. Who is the bigger baby?
But what about the way @SenateGOP wouldn't vote on  #MerrickGarland - seems like turnabout is fair play?
@SenateGOP partisan blocked a #SCOTUS nominee for the 1st time in U.S. history. This is completely unprecedented. #Garland
Once more example of you supporting your political party over your constituents.
What about complete refusal by GOP to even give Garland a hearing? Because Mitch hated the black POTUS!  'Hypocrites
Stop the madness
you just had to stack the court for you own party's gradification. shameless @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP sad day for America.
Alternate Facts? Abe Fortas was a partisan filibuster.
*coughcoughMerrickGarlandcoughcough*
@SenatorLankford term ends 1/3/23. Fellow Okies, let's make sure it's his last.
so you ruin democracy forever? have you no shame at all.  tomorrow will be one of the saddest days of our generation and generation to come
Get him elected simple
#GOP hypocricy at its finest today.
Change the nominee not the rules. #NoNuclearOption #playgroundbullies
Replay... if you seditionist  are nice and work with our good guys Trump could throw you Garland before 2024
You didn't have the votes, never did. Changing confirmation rules to get your way, also unprecedented.
GOP ARE LICENSED GOVERNMENT BULLIES AND THIEVES. I BELIEVE COMPLETELY IN KARMA. WHAT GOES UP MUST COME DOWN. ALL THESE OLD GOP MUST BE GONE.
Nice try. What's unprecedented is GOP's refusal to consider the last #SCOTUS nominee, then "forget" that they blocked him. #Garland
Seriously go sell your lies somewhere else. You should Have done your Job in the first Place and Givin Garland A Vote. Lying  crooked Twit.
So is having a reactionary, unfit president.
Democratic leaders acting like pouty children and Republican leaders acting like royalty. Ridiculous and embarrassing.
Hypocrite
They are using the same tactic in the Russian/@POTUS / @DevinNunes  /Rice as well. Wise up. Their thirst for power/control is concerning
To dimwit Dems: Trump's next SCOTUS pick will make Gorsuch look like a flaming liberal & you just lost any leverage to do anything about it.
Gorsuch is unqualified to sit on SCOTUS.  He is a pick by an illegitimate buffoon who is not fit mentally and lacks intelligence to be POTUS
Republicans do not believe in democracy.  They are political whores owned by billionaires and now the Russians #LOCKTRUMPUP #COMPLICIT
Unlike when you refused to vote on a legitimate pick by President Obama.  GOP is complicit in destroying this country joining #TRAITORTRUMP
This would feel less hypocritical if they didn't spend a year not even allowing Merrick Garland a hearing solely out of partisanship
Lies! Lies! Lies! Abe Fortas was filibustered successfully by GOP. LBJ nominee. https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/minute/Filibuster_Derails_Supreme_Court_Appointment.htm …
One word: Garland. One question, though you won't answer: Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Rules were put in place for a reason so play by the rules or take your ball and go home!
@SenateGOP obstructing justice for 8 years was too! The voters will tell you all how they really feel in the next election!
Senate Reps, tired after sitting on their hands for eight years, perpetuate a hateful divide in the US. #thieves
Also, it's been close to unanimous support for Supreme Court nominee! Not 51- #NoNuclearOption! #Hypocrisy
Shameful news by Republicans. Just something else, not working for the Repub.
party. failure and more failure.
Oh, you mean how President Obama's candidate was blocked? I'm an Oklahoman, Mr. Lankford. Kiss your vote goodbye.
@SenatorLankford you're FIRED.
WAKE UP! America faces #ANARCHIE organized at ALL levels by #DEMS_SOROS_BHO VERY SUCCESSFULLY CONTROLLING U ALL @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @POTUS
@SenateGOP u know what unprecedented? Not giving Merrick Garland a hearing when President Obama was President!#VoteDem2018
We will remember this... 2018 
#MerrickGarland
Voting to change senate rules sounds just as partisan.
IT WAS MORE UNPRECEDENTED WHEN YOU STOLE THE NOMINATION FROM OBAMA-SHAME ON YOU FOR DESTROYING OUR DEMOCRATIC PROCESS
The @GOP no TRUST! Changing rules for your own gain is not how things work. You have set an unprecedented BAD DECISION! Changing democracy!
So is refusing to have a hearing for a nominee.
Just as unprecedented or even more so to refuse a SCOTUS nominee for 8 months.
McConnell started this with his obstruction policy. GOP is not innocent and are Koch hacks. You are for corps not people.
Boo hoo! Gorsuch will get an asterisk for his lowly historical marker! Just like Barry Bonds. #gorsuchasterisk
@SenateGOP so was not bringing Garland to a hearing #MAGA #Gorsuch
And then GOP turned around & changed the rules. Shameful partisan behavior.
I have become more disappointed by your actions with each passing week.  (Ah, but doubt you care.)
#Gorsuch will always be an asterisk #SCOTUS. Stolen seat
Also unprecedented, the GOP just triggered the nuclear option. Short term gain at the detriment of effective governance. Shame.
The nominee should have been Merrick Garland
And what did you do when @POTUS44 brought Merrill garlands name to the floor? You ran and hid, that was unprecedented
Shame on you.
Time to nuke it!
Just like the GOP denying a sitting administration a vote on their nominee?  Hypocrites, the whole lot of you!  Hope you are voted out soon.
Alrighty then, push the button 
you are shamelessly obstructing our governmental processes. I am sickened by what is going on in our country. just so you can have your way
Your power is coming to an end! You think the Ladies March was a force? You haven't seen nothing yet! You chose power over people! Wrong!
With Republicans crossing an integrity line to win issues, Democrats need to resist hard & strong!
@SenateGOP Do not go nuclear! Big mistake for our countries future. All will regret sooner or later (likely sooner)
That is an asinine comment; there were hundreds of GOP filibusters for lower judges in the last admin. You dealt it.
Totally expected by small minded @SenateDems 
2018 devasating Dem-House/Senate seat losses. Independents clearly understand the nonsense.
Good!
Midterms will change the rules
Also, I'd worry more about your local colleagues diddling minors then trying to defend the unconstitutional actions of those in Washington
So is confirming a nomination of someone under active FBI investigation for colliding with a foreign power to steal an election. Weird times
This tweet is a lie.
It is a blatant lie. GOP successfully filibustered Abe Fortas. https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/minute/Filibuster_Derails_Supreme_Court_Appointment.htm …
So was refusing hearings for Garland. And changing confirmation rules. And the #gop supporting Russian influence in our democracy.
Merrick Garland
Ever heard of Garland?
Ya, last year's THEFT of a nomination from the former president is to be forgotten, we forgot you wanted us to forget that...
And disgraceful for Democrats.
What is unprecedented is moving forward with a nomination by a president who is u de investigation for collusion & likely committed treason!
NO new SCOTUS until the FBI Investigation is concluded! Republicants stole the nom from Obama anyway. You theives!
Tells ya where we're at in this country, Dems lost over 1000 seats, will lose the rest, keep it up demoroids!
Get it done! Full Speed ahead!
Maybe the strategy that you guys are using is wrong. Prepare for another upset in the next election. You guys are failing and lying sad
Make no mistake - this is direct response 2 unprecedented ignoring of President Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, only legitimate nominee
Please get out of me. 
- The State of Oklahoma (and most/all women you've been with IM ASSUMING)
Exciting, you will be in history books to come. How do you want to be remembered. As a great patriot or a traitor ? Your actions will tell.
Also 1st time SCOTUS nominee appointed by president & admin under FBI investigation for #trumprussia collusion & possible criminal activity
@SenateGOP you blocked a qualified candidate  for partisan reasons. It's only different because you like it
REPUBLICAN B S .
how can you be such a hypocrite! Who do you think you are fooling ?
Shows their stupidity
Republicans filibustered lower nominees 79 times before Democrats removed the filibuster in 2013. That's not so different.
LOL
Senate Republicans partisan denied a hearing to #SCOTUS nominee for the 1st time in U.S. history. This is completely unprecedented. #Garland
No globalism message was heard, voted on
Change the nominee not the rules. We need checks & balances now more than ever. Honor the Constitution you swore to uphold! #NoNuclearOption
U wouldnt b saying this if Hillary won.  I believe it is 1 of the reasons she didn't. People knew whomever won would shape court 4 decades.
Apparently the democrats listen to their constituents.
We will hold the Republicians responsible.
