Does Freedom of the press apply, because your Boss is limiting press he doesn't like. #DictatorInChief #FreedomOfThePress
If the press ignored stories, and put out propaganda for one party, u think u r in Russia, Cuba, China, or USA?
"Congress is the great instrument to either wreck us or to have a functioning democracy!"  —Ralph Nader OopsNotYou huh!
speaking of freedom...how do you plan to stand up to the  WH excluding members of the press?  #freedomofpress
How about freedom of the press? Any concern for that? When are you going to finally wake up and stand up for us?
this is a lie. What about gays?
it seems by your voting record you are only about freedom as long it falls in line with your Christian values.
I think he votes in accordance w Koch Bros values. Ka-Ching!
Conservatism means freedom for white, straight males.  #RESIST
Share this comment with Trump.  Freedom for all is not on his mind.
The freedom to have a town hall that will include all! Oh wait, you are a #coward. I forgot. @SenatorLankford
.@SenatorLankford sure...as long as the definition of freedom is made by you & the @GOP (translation...white men)
That's a bunch of crap.  History contradicts that and so do current events.  But, it's not a lie if YOU believe it, right?
You talk a good game, but opposite action ensues. No compassion, only mean spiritedness.
perhaps the worst case of cognitive dissonance that I've ever seen.
unless you are Muslim transgender gay black Latino
#ActionsSpeakLouderThanWords U Sen, voted for all those misfits. Where's your moral compass? CleanUpYourHouse 1st thenTalk
I'll believe that when I see it.  We want more than empty platitudes. GOP letting us down BIGLY.
Conservatism is about grabbing all you can get and hope you don't get caught and end up in prison.
backing Trump, you truly have lost your way
Using Freedom to endorse a candidate from pulpit, using Religion to discriminate & deny services like marriage--that kind?
Explain the obsession with women's bodys by men in congress and repub state legislatures
Then how can you support the Trump administration? I honestly don't understand.
Yes explain please...I'm waiting...Still waiting....Like I thought, You lie like a rug!
Freedom to allow Russia to steal an election and pull strings on a puppet?
they why is the GOP so determined to gut the Constitution when it comes to freedom to protest environmental destruction?
and all political view points?
That's not what conservatism is. Conservatism is about being fiscally responsible and more recently, being a veiled racist.
please speak out against the war on our free press. If this is ignored, where is our country headed?
just not freedom of the press. Take action against @realDonaldTrump's barring of media outlets
does this include freedom of the press? Freedom of assembly?
And hiding from your constituents?
COVERUP. Be on the right side of history, Senator.  You do NOT want to be part of that Trump/Russia coverup.
What about the freedom for a woman to determine what happens to her body?
But not all sexual orientations? So that rules out the gays then I suppose.
I'm so glad you feel that way since your religion should NOT dictate the laws at govern everyone. That is NOT democracy.
@All100Senators I keep hearing you say great ideals, but where are those 'words' in action- be a living example
Respond!  A raving idiot is at the helm and he will pull you and many others down with him.  This is NOT A DRILL!
check the dictionary "the tendency to prefer an existing or traditional situation to change" or is this fake news also?
well not from what I've seen. Not the one being practiced right now
Preamble says "promote the general Welfare." Current Conservatives think some deserve much more than the frailest among us
Bannon called it nationalism?
you are tilted, man. If you believe that, why don't you support gay marriage then?
What he meant to say is: elected pubic servants have the freedom to hide from constituents when scared.
But not freedom about gender identity or abortion. Conservatism is about restrictions.  AMERICA is about freedom.
And voters have the freedom to vote you out in 2022. You avoid OK voters - that's not leadership, it's cowardice!
could've fooled me
Are you at the same CPAC as the one in Maryland?
Mmmm yes. How I cherish my husband's freedom to die from a pre-existing condition: the most precious conservative value!
Here's anti-Abortion anti-marijuana clown @SenatorLankford talking about 'Freedom'.
CPAC says White Supremacy, White Nationalism, Misogyny, Radical Christian Terror are the basis of Conservatism #voteoutGOP
what about the Russian flags with TRUMP on them? What's your stance there? #CPAC
I am sorry senator, but so far the GOP and you are mainly for the 1% and no one else.  Big business rules and you with it.
Freedom for you to make choices for us. Greattttt
What about freedom to smoke a joint?
does that mean that Black men can live w/o fear of being shot by police? Freedom to pee in a school bathroom? #Resistance
How?  Your actions speak loudly...
You have an opportunity and a duty to be a true leader, but rehtoric isnt the same as action.
does this mean freedom to use the bathroom you feel you belong in?
yes! About freedom!...And avoiding your constituents cause they might ask tough questions! Scary!
It actually means you are committed to traditional ideas and opposed to change or innovation. You were kind of off the mark
I don't think he even knows basic tenets of conservatism. He sounds like a libertarian. He's a tad confused.
Might want to inform POTUS.
I don't think your party knows that
