FAKE CHRISTIAN!
takes one to know one
I don't pretend to be something I'm not. Nice try though.
then why do u pretend to know what someone else's beliefs are
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know he is full of shit. But hey I am just a girl living in a man's world. 
so your either a psychologist or a psychic which is it? In a man's word really, u going to tell us your oppressed next ?
Why you so salty? Go count your ammo.
thought so! your just one of those people that will find any excuse to hate others, your the one thats fake & got called out
@DonaldJTrumpJr  so awesome to see a President joined in prayer!
praying to a god of us all? Or just Christians?
There is only One God
@Westxgal You never saw prayer when Obama was destroying the country.Just constant shoving of Islam down our throats. God Bless Trump
Amen that's the truth!!
#MARCHFORPOTUSTRUMP I CALL ON ALL AMERICANS TO MARCH FOR POTUS TRUMP AND SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR HIM,HE DESERVES TO SEE HES APPRECIATED
Yes I would love to see this March!! In support for My President
The widow of the late Justice Antonin Scalia, Maureen Scalia, and their son, Fr. Paul Scalia, are also seen joining in this moment
God Bless you
Hi Terri!
yes, God is in Control! Thank You Jesus! Guide and protects our new Leaders! 
by name of jesus.......i will screw every weak and poor and needy
PRAISE THE LORD THIS IS HOW GOV SHOULD BE RUN THANKING GOD AND ASKING FOR HIS BLESSINGS
great sir
Separation of Church and State
That's in the Soviet constitution, not America's.

That will never happen. The truth will set you free.
"The church shall be separate from the state, and the schools from the church." -Article 52, USSR Constitution.
No such language exists in America's Constitution.
Your liberal, secular evangelists lied to you.

Just learn, dear.

Good news! We're one tweet closer to the end of Trump's presidency.
Still another 4-8 years, still enough time to enjoy it all
.@POTUS
how dare u use God to justify ur malicious behavior.  I believe in God & what ur doing is blasphemy!
did you tell God about your amazing land deals? #NationalDisgrace
prayers to all of you as you fight for us to make America great again! Thank you ALL for supporting US! God bless & keep you! 
that's awesome! So important to pray for Gods blessings and direction!
photo opp. only, why you be that way?
it's fitting how uncomfortable you look.
sir Pakistan is a rogue nation.... Its destruction is very important for American Security & security of the world
@WhiteHouse  yeah ... he is a bad guy alright ... give me a break
no prayers for terrorists attack in Canada by one of your brain washed worshippers #pathetic
Esse povo é muito hipócrita...
wtf
Hallelujah! Praise God!
separation of church and state. Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, keep it at home
only a heathen would post a picture of him praying to try to seem like a godly man. Fraud.
Because Donny, these words don't seem very godly.
You know, this is actually the first time I've read this. Honestly, this is what all you haters are upset about? Get a life!
I think it clearly shows he's a hypocrite and so are his "Christian" supporters.
Talk from 11 years ago, people do change. Yet Hillary lied 30 years ago, and still lies & is corrupt
.@AvrahamBerman @tgruka @travistravers @BenPatz @POTUS And, D'Trump is not??
Not corrupt, just human & is facing huge opposition & threats from the Globalists.
Newsflash: He is a globalist and you bought his bullshit.
to who Hitler
BS. You don't get to be an amoral POS all your life and then fake the funk with a prayer!
separation of church and state
you need to really read the Constitution.
This is purely a well-lit, composed photo-op. Using it in relation to a Supreme Court nominee is unsettling.
Nominates a constitutionally sound, well qualified s.c. justice.

Ruins the moment by holding a prayer session.
and so begins the removal of separation of church and state.
There's no such thing as sep of church & state in the Constitution.  So nothing to worry about.
IMPEACH PRESIDENT BANNON NOW IMPEACH PRESIDENT BANNON NOW IMPEACH PRESIDENT BANNON NOW IMPEACH PRESIDENT BANNON NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you don't believe in God, Trump. I don't know who you're fooling
God Bless you all
◄ 2 Chronicles 7:14 ►
Thank you Jesus you all in my prayers
pander much?
separate religion and government.
You pray.
The left preys.
you are making liberals heads spin at how quickly you are accomplishing OUR GOALS!
"our goals" does that mean rich, white, male?
we are not divided by race, economic status or sex, no matter how hard you may try, WE ARE AMERICANS
he's spitting out a bunch of executive orders like twists in a reality tv show. Stunts & gimmics...
cutting regulations, securing the border, leaving TPP, cutting funding for international abortions
you forget is that under The Hyde Amendment of 1976 federal funding for abort is prohibited.
but we were in other countries; makes me sick
in other countries still not providing  $$ for abortion since 1976. Get a new line this is old and false, it's insulting.
Those who are devout christians who love trump... remember that he likes to get pissed on by Russian hookers.
disgusting
Yes you are!
there is no god.
Believe on the #LordJesusChrist and thou shalt be SAVED.
Why are your boys at this prayer session at Whitehouse? Has conflict of interest all over it.
Why not just admit you don't like prayer?
I'm so old I remember a quaint concept known as "the separation of church and state." @POTUS
Moment of prayer last night after my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for #SCOTUS. It was an honor having Maureen and Fr. Scalia join us. 
That law was to protect the church from state interference. Not to keep the church out of the state.

yes because prayer has been proven to be 100% ineffective.  Shame there's no #god to save us from you!! #separationofChurchandState
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."
That's separation of church and state. Not prohibition of prayer.
Religion favoritism, which God exactly are they invoking?
I'm not sure they specified exactly. Not the point. It's not a separation of church and state issue. Not even close.
the point is, no specific religion has preference over another.
it doesn't prohibit prayer. Separation of church and state means the gov't can't make laws favoring one or the other.
Not that they can't pray.
Meanwhile, at the airport...
Thought the Trump kids were going to take care of the Trump businesses so why are they still involved in wh business?

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah, because that's REAL mature. More reason to not take you seriously.
Nice of you to take a break from playing video games & talking about Batman to question my maturity
by all means booo trump, but leave batman and videogames out of it fella.
Tell that to the guy questioning my maturity & then check out my other tweets.
But you're a comedian! If we took you seriously, you'd be out of a job!
so he's from a geek show, isn't having a go at batman and videogames biting the hand that feeds you?
How am I "Having a go?"
Prayer? PRAYER?!! I thought we were sacrificing a newborn deer with that ceremonial dagger you know who gave us. BONUS!
Have you read 1 Thessalonians 5:17 Pray continually. You're taking Matt 6 out of context anyway.
"Men must choose to be governed by God, or condemn themselves to be ruled by tyrants." ~William Penn
"religion is not my profession and the Bible is not my book"
~Abraham Lincoln
BTW, just looked up that quote.  Happens to be fake and has yet to be substantiated in original documents.
which? The Lincoln quote? Cause I can give you the details on the Jefferson quote
I honestly don't care. I don't have time to be going back & forth.  I really do have a life.  God bless
In every country and in every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty.
gotcha. Pls post your thoughts elsewhere. I can't keep looking at your responses.  I have meetings to attend love.
I'm surprised a bolt of lightening didn't strike you down during your FAKE PRAYER.
Let me pray the women lick pussy after sucking off  the men.
I don't know that Satan, your lord, really needs you to pray to him. He already has your soul. Win for the Orange One!!
and higher ratings... #wearealldoomed
I am puking. OMG!  It can't get worse than this.  :(
"..for them that honor Me I will honor.."1 Sam 2:30
When You claimin' you "pray" I ask myself: What the fuck is he praying too. More than 3,000 religions. He could be supplicating Satan
wonderful Mr. President!
Separate church and state now!!!
Read the constitution. That is provided you can actually read.
What specific part would you like me to read?
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."
Separation of church and state has nothing to do with prayer
God is back in the Whitehouse. This is a step in right direction. Wish I could have been a fly on the wall. TY Scalia fam
moment of nothing none of those people in the room believe in God and what a prayer from the heart is, you praying to nothing  #fraud
@WhiteHouse 
So happy to see prayer back in the White House

You look uncomfortable praying--what a PHONY
THANK GOD THAT OUR LEADERS ARE LEADING WITH GOD! THANK YOU JESUS! PRAISE GOD!
no weapons formed or fashioned against you shall prosper @presidentdonaldTRUMP
with the way things are going you need more than prayers!

Keep on keeping on.. President Trump...Where do you find all these Great Men...Well men of the same feathers flock together
maybe separate church/state and family/business better next time.
Oh please, since when do YOU pray?  We know you are a religious FRAUD!  Pence is a religious NUT.  No place in politics!
this is great. Makes me so proud!
Good thing you were "churched" as a child!
Обращение Пякина Валерия Викторовича "О помощи"
.@POTUS Was #FrederickDouglas there? I've heard he's been doing the best work.
I live in Washington state and I do not want a sanctuary city or state. Keep up the great work! I voted for you and change. B.T.WALL
We never ever witnessed this in Obama's Muslim Islamic White House & mosque.  It's now the people's White House once again.
YOU AARE NOT GODS PEOPLE! GOD LOVES HE DOESN'T HATE LIKE YOU FOOLS," FAKE AND LIARS"'S
I am HOMELESS In Manhattan  at night. 1270 Broadway Duane Reade. day pret a MANGER 7th x 29th street
Amen.
You haven't said a prayer even once in your life. You can't con God. Oh you think you can?
your pick is not going to be confirmed and there's going to be a big battle so get ready buttercup
God Bless you and the team! President Trump.
I didn't see president Bannon in attendance. Sad.
The Godless left HATES this. Prayers.
Was this before, or after you all broke into laughter having pulled one over on the democrats and American people
Feliz a nação, cujo Deus é o SENHOR !!!
You're doing a great job!!
I'm surprised you didn't burst into flames.
Only Trump could make a prayer session a photo op. All about him.

"Matthew 6:1 Be careful not to perform your righteous acts before men to be seen by them." You are pandering.
"Hear us, Mighty Satan!"
A peak into trump's head during this moment of prayer...
surprised women were allowed. That's right, u needed someone to serve after prayer snacks and BJ's
Mr. President,  So many of us thank God you are now our Leader.  God bless you
...Great. Making God great in America will definitely make America great again. Keep prayin. It can't hurt. 
I hope you feel the power of God as you lead this nation. It is real.
Wow! Look at all the white people! So proud of you little hands!
Godspeed Mr President . We are with you all in prayers . And we support you 100%
Trump's silent prayer "Please god, don't let them find my tax returns or my ties to Russia. Amen".
#presidentbannon
God himself puked. lol.
We are praying with & for you.
where is the First Lady
@GeneLingerfelt Grace bring tears to my eyes
I assume you're praying to yourself, since you're the only thing you worship.  #HypocriteTrump
Please, everyone with a brain knows you are no Christian.
Trump in prayer is a fucking joke. In his world he is god.
the Oval Office is outfitted with lightning proof ceilings?
Thank you for your beautiful prayers! We are praying for you all!!
@fofocasonline God blass you
@DanScavino We are praying constantly! I have faith in you and your staff
God  bless you President Trump and  Vice President Pence as You lead our nation.
- Excellent choice.
uuuum BRO DO YOU EVEN CONSTITUTION M8! SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE
. Glory to God.God Bless You  President.I will Continue to Pray for you and your Ministry
what you'll love most about when this 4 years is over and to not have to pretend to be religious anymore. It's a joke.
A shameful display by people who stand against everything in Matthew 25:35-40
Praise God for our President Donald Trump
This is one of the most amazing pictures coming out of any administration! God bless you all!

God bless america
, keep your #God #bullshit out of our #government. Adults talking to imaginary friends is a form of mental disease. #NotMyPresident
:Bringing back God's glory to the white house.
Eric's eyes are open.
prayers wont help your shit of  life
Australian are praying bloody hard as well! Couple of bones being point in your direction by indiginous Aussies. #Australia
#Evil, Evil Man
Didn't know Lucifer prayed.
Someone needs to ask @realDonaldTrump if his choice for court needed to be a Christian?
JMJ Thank you for including Mrs. Scalia and Father Scalia.
Nice photo shoot little Donnie, now go and do something.
Why are your sons there? Inappropriate. #StopTweeting
Here we see a bunch of people praying, and @realDonaldTrump thinking about how great he is. #SociopathDonald
we are praying for you and your family! God Bless
wow someone actually took a pic of this? and then you showed e1 you prayed? and that someone took a pic of this!
god bless President Trump
barf
it's a beautiful picture
i dont belive this guy belive in god only god is his ego
@willynyamitwe @pnkurunziza @nyamitwe prayer in Christ is now the only way for change/protection.In obama the world was in high sin.
Dear Lord Baby Jesus,

Help confirm my Judge. He's a tremendous pick. I make all the best picks. As pickers go, many are saying ...
this is a beautiful moment! I'm so proud to have a POTUS the has invited God and prayer back into the White House.
I hope you have more moments like this I thought it was a thoughtful thing to do
Why cant you quit Bragging abiut your narrow victory.  Im sure our allies dont care.
