No I saw you, Americans saw you, the world saw you.  We all saw you hold up the lies told by #JeffSessions in #SessionsHearing
I'd love to see your evidence.
I could show to you the moon in the nighttime sky and you would tell to me it was just a spotlight .  #TruthComes
Deflecting! Show your evidence
Show me Benghazi evidence.  Now you see what it's like.
Evidence of what? We know 4 Americans including an ambassador were murdered. What else are u looking for?
"Show me evidence"?! Are u serious?! Just talk 2 ANY of the actual survivors and they'll give u all the evidence you need...and then some!!
You directed that at the wrong person.
Thanks for making Oklahoma look good! I was with you all the way today on AG Sessions. Good job! I think most of these comments are bots.
you certainly weren't watching
FFS here we go with another over used word by the trumpers "bot" I was glad to see unmask go away after repubes wore it out!
And as long as libs keep saying things like u just did, we will keep winning for years 2 come.  Thank you!!
You call this winning? LOL Well then the joke is on you
Mrs. Wise is delusional. She didn't even watch it. Just a complete nut. #TrumpLovesThePoorlyEducated
Comment made no sense at all as a so called rebuttal 2 my tweet Its not about winning u simple mind its about OUR preservation of democracy
Here's the source you were looking for re: firing Mueller:
Trump is the leaker!
Shame on you! Your greed above country shows..Russians trying 2 destroy our democracy & you failed ! 
At yest hearing Senator Lankford helped to whitewash the foreign power meddling in the US elections. There were no questions from him.
To quote you "The court said No, the president can't hold back documents and the attorney general can't do that." Stop defending #Trump
Kiss ass much?
You basically started by saying "E Holder withheld all of the time--the courts even had to step in!!--so I totally get why you're doing it."
Wtf? Why even bring this up if you're defending Sessions's right to keep mum? And isn't transparency ideal regardless of who's in power?
Virginia no longer protected by FBI @JamesComeyFBI FIRED https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbdcVaZkItQ&t=42s …  Murder for hire to be exposed ThxU @realDonaldTrump
There was no Q&A. You made a statement. Cotton was the only one worse than you. Cut the partisan shit. This is our democracy at stake.
And you said he's been frank since the get. Are you on PCP? He said "I don't recall" literally 40+ times. Get out of here you wimp.
Sen. Lankford - thanks for standing up to the deceitful obstructionalists.The left can't help making fools of themselves

Grandstanding and partisan row-hoeing is not the same as a Q & A, Senator. You wasted everyone's time. Obstruction.
Never Forget 

Lankford FULLY SUPPORTED Gianforte Violence of:

 Choking
 Body Slamming &
 Punching

a reporter who ask about #Trumpcare
When are you going to as the AG if trump asked him for a loyalty oath and pledge?

You need to bring former AG Loretta Lynch before you under oath along with Bill Clinton.
Represent Oklahoma and the USA over your party. Ask real questions and do your job.
Excellent job.
You were ridiculous and an embarrassment to this country today. When are you going to read your oath and decide party or country?
Sometimes I'm so embarrassed to be an Okie Hillbilly. Sigh. Kissing up to racist, lying Sessions isn't a good look on a supposed Christian.
"Following the facts wherever they lead"?
Senator Lankford, we really appreciate how well you represent conservatives like us in Tulsa. Great job yesterday!
I think you lost credibility in the 1st 5 min when you whined about Holder & Obama. Shows a total lack of maturity and discipline. Cheese?
Several mins intro pandering, then setting a non-question up on a little tee stand. Quite the interrogation, Lankford.
Why do my fellow Oklahomans keep voting this guy in office? Too many Republicans in our state take kickbacks from oil companies.
It was not anonymous.
SMH...
Country over Party!
Truth over Party!
Stop being such a wuss!
Make your home State proud of You!
So, is the "unknown source" you were referring to? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/06/12/trump-friend-floats-possibility-of-firing-special-counsel-in-russian-probe/?tid=pm_pop&utm_term=.9ad06b7119e6 …
Thank you, Senator.
Senator, do you think that the Russians remember what they discussed with Sessions?  I wish that we remembered.... or even took notes! Scary
Resign
I didn't watch any of it b/c I knew there was no evidence of any wrongdoing b/c it would have been LEAKED by now! Another sad day for libs.
I do believe AG Holder was forced to answer questions by SC ruling. Sessions is great at filibustering
...this witch hunt needs to stop. Mueller should be fired given his relationship to Comey and to the lawyers he appointed.
AG Sessions kept his conversation with @POTUS confidential because he's a lawyer and that's where the privilege comes in. Attny/Client K?
You killed it  thank you for that statement. This has been nothing but a witch hunt by the DemocRATs about non existent Russia collusion
Senator Lankford, why has AG Lynch and Hillary Clinton not been investigated by your Committee?
I just hope Sessions returned the favor after you sucked his ass for the first two minutes of your pathetic "Q&A"
You did an awesome job! Thank you for your service to the REAL Oklahoma!
Great job!
Great job.
Disappointing.
SHUT THIS FOOLISHNESS DOWN----TIRED OF WATCHING DEMS. MAKING FOOLS OF REPUBLICAN'S .LOOSEING RESPECT.
I watched your questioning live, Senator. Big disappointment you enabling Sessions to stonewall. Watch Sen. McCain. He was amazing!
Enabling Sessions to stonewall: Right on target.
Good job, now investigate Lynch
i didnt know you were testifying. nice oversite.
Actually it was less a Q&A and more a Kissing A!  I suppose that next you'll tell us what a great job is being done on ACHA.
Keep doing the good, honest, and transparent work you are doing! Thanks!
Congress is the great instrument to either wreck us or to have a functioning democracy! —Ralph Nader 
The @SenateGOP determined2destroy.WHY?
Great job, @SenatorLankford
Aka a total waste of time. The American people want answers. 
Yes. ANSWERS.
You're a partisan hack.  I hope when this is all said and done you look back at this and realize you're on the wrong side of history.
How can AG Sessions review Dep AG Rosensteins letter about Comey's "Improper handling of Clinton's email matter" when he recused himself?
To help you out - Trump's friend Chris Ruddy is the source of info concerning the firing of Mueller.
Do. Your. Job.
It was quite ridiculous. You're an embarrassment to Oklahoman's.
Not to sharp there sport .. well .. time to start diggen .. #resist #trumprussia
As one of your constituents I found your "questioning" pathetic. You're on that committee to find the truth not help hide it
This was how you should have questioned..from a seasoned lawyer and you all shut her up!
So you can read. Not impressed. Had real hopes for you, but you failed. Be an American FIRST. Do your job.
American first. 
Not your best day Senator. It was wrong with Holder and it's wrong now.  You missed your chance not to be like them (Dems).  #USbeforeparty
OK Constituent. Wish u had asked more questions, not steer his answers. Recused himself immediately in his mind? Weird
this was filled with I dunno's I don't remember and invoking a rule that was never set by the President..and yet you molly coddled
Are you his defense attorney? Also, where are your prayers for him?
What question!? You kissed his ass, nothing more.
Oh @SenatorLankford it was the same cover the party's ass before country and real questions..your so freakin lame don't hurt his feelings..
Ask me a question James any question I answer will be I have no recollection
Another liar.  It was not an unnamed source saying Trump talked about firing Mueller.  It's Chris Ruddy and he is on tv saying it. #fakenews
Thank you for bringing some logic to these hearings! Seems like all the rules that applied to Obama don't apply now under current @POTUS
The Democrats will continue this nonsense until Republicans stop it. Republicans control the Senate, House, and White House. Stop it now!
They're attempting to prove a point...to give a legitimate ending to the play.
That "unnamed source" revealed the Mueller termination "rumor" on TV, on multiple occasions. His name: Chris Ruddy. You deliberately lied.
Well done sir! Thanks for reminding folks of the hypocrisy and what's at stake.
You did our country proud senator lankford. Don't listen to a word the unhinged and fanatical left and anti trumpers have to say. DELUSIONAL
The source was very much named. And he met with Trump yesterday. You, sir, are an embarassment to the great state of Oklahoma.
You need to get on the right side of history Mr Lankford.
Your behavior was disgusting! you sounded like a spoiled little kid that didn't get his candy. You also are a racist that hated Eric Holder
You're a scripted DIVIDER! I am Appalled by #GOPLiars You have made me a hard #YellowDogDemocrat! #GOP aren't worthy of my respect!
just exactly what is going on look's to me an the rest of America like it's more wasteful spending of taxe payer dollars knock it off
As a constituent, I am asking you to stop it with the dog whistles, Senator.
My fledgling trust in you just flew right out the window, Senator. What happened to make you so suddenly and obviously compromised?
Watching that as one of your constituents was embarrassing. You've got the party over country thing down pat.  Good luck with that strategy.
In your "following the facts where they lead" you asked Comey for docs, TY, you asked Sessions for nothing. You let me down.
You want to follow the facts, they are leading here. Ask real questions. Be a man not a mouthpiece for Trump and Rep nonsense!!!!!
You literally talked to whole time and asked no substantive questions.
See Kenny Hess tweet: @SenatorLankford I timed it. It’s 70 percent grandstanding and 30 percent Q&A.
eat it commie!
It's closer to T&A than Q&A with the way you're fellating the Attorney General. #oralsessions #committeehearings #SessionsHearing
I am happy u said what u said.Some of the other Senators acted like Sessions was being evasive & u pointed out why and it's not unheard of.
Firing a FBI director in the middle of an investigation into possible collusion with the campaign is unheard of
They should have fired him day one. He needed to go, Trump just should have done it sooner.
It is unheard of for the AG to not answer questions from a congressional committee about the president obstructing Justice
There have been other AG's in the past that wouldn't answer certain questions.
About a president obstructing Justice and for no reason other than a hypothetical maybe? I mean wouldn't you rather he answer those question
in Austin they say OU sux but lately you have been taking the cake. 
Please give your seat up to someone in search of truth. Waste of time and space. Now go wipe your brown nose!
#Oklahoma strong. #maga
, The Dems tried to rough shod the Attorney General Sessions.
How can Sessions do a competent job in dealing with Russian interference in U.S. domestic affairs?
Disgraceful.
Thank you Senator Lankford for seeking the truth instead of driving a political agenda!
This is why you cannot be trusted to investigate. Light touch, indeed.
First thing I thought of....Langford's performance today was the epitome of "light touch".
You mean how you testified for Sessions? I have lost all faith and respect for you.
Great job today - AGAIN.  We need more Senators like you and @marcorubio who are fair and don't fall for fake stories from liberal press.
Eric Holder failing to answer - bad. Jeff Sessions failing to answer - next question.
Thank you for setting the record straight on private conversation between the president and his AG.
Thank you for providing proof to help Sessions on Mayflower meeting. Keep fighting! #MAGA
Yes, and Holder lost many of his 'executive privilege' claims in court.
You didn't ask questions you just defended him . What a waste! You are just covering for him. So ashamed
lol are you sure you want to brag about this
Bruh. You just jerked off an old dude in public. Nothing to see here!
That was questioning?
Party over Country, as is the GOP style these days. Tsk tsk. Democracy is tarnished in your hands, Senator.
Give me a break. Shame on you for prioritizing party over country. Proving yourself to be an embarrassment to Oklahoma yet again. Sad.
You basically read a "help #sessions testify" quote. Why didn't you just take his place at the table & testify for him?
Good job Lankford! We need strong Republicans out there fighting for the American people and our country! 
This executive privilege that wasn't really executive privilege was disturbing and confusing.
Yeah, way to work for the American people...

That's sarcasm, in case you didn't catch that. You failed us. Again.
His name is Christopher Ruddy, we know exactly where the story du jours came from.
How is it You all allowed Comey to make the decision to NOT charge Hillary if that was Never in his position to do so? Why was amunity given
Eager to set the record straight?? He either refused to answer or said he didn't recall. You are a complete joke and a shame.
You didn't ask him much
#JeffSessions works for the American people not the WH( @POTUS )  he owed answers to the people not loyalty to @realDonaldTrump

Im ready for Lynch to go to the Hill! When will that be? She has lied, covered up & the real crime is her/Left involvement with Hillary
Are you getting paid under the table as Trumps defense lawyer.  Get gold pompoms with that job?
thank you for pointing out facts
What’s the ratio of actual Q&A vs. Lankford grandstanding? Surely, someone should calculate this.
@SenatorLankford I timed it. It’s 70 percent grandstanding and 30 percent Q&A.
Good job senator Lankford. Very proud of your questioning and integrity, you a true patriot!
Shameful pandering.
Yes.
I think you mean S&S - speech and softball.
We saw ur creepy, leading, diatribe. U didn't ask questions. U gave Sessions things 2 agree with, 2 look like less of a traitor. Complicit.
Good word, complicit.
Thank you Senator!
You mean your Trump excuses?!?
You didn't ask any questions Sen. Lankford! You just read off a statement and asked Sessions if he thought it was fair to say.
Let me start by jerking you off for a minute and half. Give me a break dude. You're weak.
#SessionsHearing
Please remember to be "country over party". History won't remember you fondly.
You clearly have never had any interview training and like the sound of your own voice. #waste
To be fair, his voice is pretty awesome.
#airhead
Do you hold Jeff's hand while he pees, too?
Take off the human costume. Creep.
Unfortunately I didn't miss it. You are kind of ridiculous
Don't forget to wipe your nose, brown Noser.
Oh hey, more partisan talking points.

Sessions seems to not care enough to even ask about Russian hacking, but everything is fine, right?
Trump put out the rumor that he was mulling firing Mueller. His own surrogate announced it. So you failed when you showed your tribalism
You are exceptionally useless.
You should resign, comrade
