I work with a lot of IMG Resident doctors at the OU Medical Center. This ban means some of them can't go home.
are they all from the listed 7 countries?  If they have green cards, they still get in.
Not all of them. Resident doctors aren't given green cards. They're given H1-B visas.
that's even better than a green card.
Visa holders aren't exempted from the EO though, and green card holders are.
only for 90 days, just like O did in 2011 for 6 months 4 Iraqis.  Did u tweet then? No.
in 2011 the EO was confined to refugees only. not green card or approved visa holders.
That's a totally non-equivalent situation.
Thank you for doing a great job representing Oklahoma. I fully support this message.
job well done
you represent me in Oklahoma! Stand up to the President, give your constituents a voice! Need a Civics lesson?
honestly, this is like Chamberlin explaining the appeasement strategy with Hitler. Just say NO to what you know is wrong.
Coward. Owned by @Koch_Industries We will remember and we will #VoteYouOut
no you won't.
Just watch
You're a horrible senator who has bad takes on things. Please grow a spine and defend your constituents.
...softly worded, but still I'll take it. Thank you!
.@SenatorLankford our security/intel is the best in the world, but you don't challenge a pres who doesn't accept their findings about Russia
vote NO.
WH site lost the judicial system back today..but who rewrote the consitiution?? Since when is it ok to rewrite it?
damn Lankford. Way to step up. I love it.
more important than this BAN you might consider protecting your own citizens in Oklahoma. Tulsa alone we had 82 homicides.
Thank you so much!  We want to love them and care for them, not leave them to die.
I help those in need anytime I can. I have compassion for all, yet there does come a moment for security & common sense.
are you as dedicated to alternative facts and President Bannon and his frightened sidekick Trump?
Thank you! A compassionate Oklahoma leader who knows we can protect our borders AND help refugees and stop discrimination.

Rudy Giuliani, Trump's Cyber Security Adviser, explained on Fox News that it WAS a Muslim ban, just by another name...
Twitter Responses do not represent mainstream. The uninformed and misguided outrage is like clanking symbols, meaningless.
thank you for recognizing the unintended consequences
Virtually no one, including the Senate, reviewed the #executiveorder on #immigration. Why? Cowardly act by Trump
Get Bannon out of Nat Security Council meetings (and out of the White House) and you will have less problems.
refugee ban,  SAD.  less than 1% chance of dying in terrorist attack.Need to protect us from dylann roofs and Mcveighs.
Thank you, sir!
Thanks for supporting #ReligiousFreedom & refuge for the persecuted. #TakeTheNextStep and oppose the executive order.
"you cannot reject refugees and call yourself a Christian."
This IS a ban on Muslims, Senator. Your president said so himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOTpuF0TMzk&app=desktop …
sorry Lankford, but recent terror attacks prove our vetting process and our intelligence is not capable.
this is a solid start. Please take a firmer stance. We need leadership today.
,OK voted overwhelmingly for .@POTUS; you & .@GovMaryFallin should protect your citizens NOT bring in terrorists!
Thanks for seeing that this action by the POTUS was hasty and ill-thought out.  We must watch and challenge him as needed.
YOU allowed this! YOU supported him. Take responsibility because now we all have the deal with this idiot!
Is it NOT true Senator, that all terrorist attacks that have occurred in the US have all been either citizens or leg. here?
I dont usually agree with you but this is the right thing to say..But it takes more than words to confront this.
this makes me proud to be an Oklahoman and an American.  Appreciate your calm tone and wisdom on the subject
This Okie Democrat thanks you for having the courage and conviction to stand up for what is right. We will support you.
Leviticus 19:33-34
You sold out to obama james...i don't trust you.
Mr. Senator,  Maybe you should rent busses and put all of Okla's undocumented Aliens on them, with yourself & leave OKLA...
Sir sharia law cannot call mingle with American law. Assimilation is mandatory.
Coward. The process we had in place was working. 18-24 months of vetting, no US deaths from the 7 country refugees.
The majority of Oklahomans support Trump's EO, we voted for him. Support our President!
My husband's oncologist is from Syria. Thank God he did not travel to meet his family. He is a wonderful man and doctor.
Stand with President Trump. Ignore the screaming left. #AmericaFirst
I appreciate your thoughtful response. We can disagree but we should all stand together against this unconstitutional act.
I appreciate your statement on POTUS' executive order regarding refugees & look forward to seeing action in response also.
first time I've been proud of my Oklahoma representation.  Good job.
is not fit to serve as our Senator. He cannot make a stand. He spent all weekend with Koch Bros in Palm Springs.
Some of your former supporters are immigrants. Who do you serve, besides the Koch brothers and yourself?
Please issue an actual opinion on Bannons unprecedented appointment to NSC, as you claim to value US security. #BannonOut
Thank you for taking a stand against this very un-American edict. I'm a proud daughter of immigrants & lifelong Democrat.
“It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.” 
― Leonardo da Vinci
This response is not strong enough. The EO is unconstitutional and is not what America stands for. #nowallnoban
Please visit a refugee camp in Jordan. Jordan is taking the brunt. Then ask if you would like your kids to live like that.
as a citizen of OK, I request that you uphold the constitution, and thereby stand against the president's immigration ban.
please stop the madness. Trump is scary. Show him the door.
Additionally why such a fess about refugees from 7 countries when refugees in Central Africa have waited YEARS to come here
If I want to go to Brazil (and many others countries) it takes me a minimum of 30 days to get a visa. No difference!
thank you for a thoughtful reply.
Look,this is an unnecessary Muslim Ban. Call it what it is.Lost lives in US from immigrants from these countries: 0.Unconstitutional.Period.
The extent and context of this is malarkey, and you know it. This puts American lives in jeopardy. Denounce this act.
Senator, from 1 of your constituents -- one working side by side with immigrants, never mind our own children -- thank you.
You agree with the Muslim ban. It's obvious.
thank you for your statement. Please turn this into action and #TakeTheNextStep to stop this EO. Be Brave. Represent us.
I like the Presidents choice. Standing on what he said. Full filling promises to the people. #draintheswamp
Sir I am disappointed in you and I will not vote for you again. You are prejudice just like @realDonaldTrump.
I'll lean towards supporting @realDonaldTrump .. we haven't had secure borders for years and it's about time!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for your stance and statement for American Values.
Well said! Stand firm! Praying for you to remain strong in the face of criticism.
history will look on you with shame.
If you truly believe this, vote against all of @POTUS appointments because he selected them with a similar mindset.
Why are we to take care of everyone else when we aren't taking care of our own. Take a time out then move forward.
Jesus didn't say anything about a taking a pause. #NoBan
Well said Senator. It's obvious that most of the ppl happy with this are the incredibly ignorant. Don't let ignorance win.
Show some courage. Stand up against this. This is why I didn't vote for you. You have become a career politician....
This is a good start but you need to stand stronger against something so harmful to the US.  Fight this!
Let see if you vote to block this EO
This is not what America is. I didn't vote for you but I will fight with your next opponent to get you out.
Thank you for response to #immigration EO and protecting our democracy and land of the free. We need you more than ever!
Thank you, Senator

Have your papers ready. Step into your designated train. #Christian?
To make progress, secure borders, & make our country safe, some folks may have to be uncomfortable for a while. Oh well.
better than usual.  Now back it up with action.  We must impeach before Bannon completes full takeover.  #nomuslimban
according to #giuliani it is a #MuslimBan. And if legal green card-holders are targets idk how you can deny it.
SORRY? "OBAMA-LOVERS SABOTAGING TSA OPERATIONS" equals "NOT WELL THOUGHT OUT"? FIRE THE GOVT TROUBLEMAKERS. DO YOUR JOB.
INSTEAD OF A CUTSEY "LET'S BLAME THE PRESIDENT", HOW ABOUT SOME CITIZEN OVERSIGHT?
IF ANY GOVT EMPLOYEE, WHEN ASKED "WHY ARE WE DOING THIS?", SAID "YOU'LL HAVE TO ASK TRUMP", THEN FIRE THEM.
It's a start. But now you have to take action and step up. This is your Joseph Welch moment.
You just said we have an extensive multi year screening process.This order is unnecessary & unconstitutional. Love America
Better but still many problems.  Ask POTUS to rescind and have appropriate agencies develop improved and legal vetting
Just read ur statement. Wow!Just Wow! When are you going grow a spine and stand up for what is right? Ur just enabling.
Appreciate these thoughts & encourage you to take a strong stand. We CAN bring in refugees w/o compromising our security.
Just saw your full statement. Thank you for supporting true #religiousfreedom. Please encourage your R colleagues.
in all seriousness, I thank you for responding. The Bannon Presidency looks to be brutal. #notwellthoughtout
Better but there are many issues that this NOT well thought out order doesn't address or is vague.  Resend until improved
stand in between people that cannot protect themselves and this EO. I believe you will have the boldness to do this.
Give it a chance.  Don't throw the baby out with bath water. Take a deep breath and consider the people of the usa.
Bullshit
Also "not well thought out:" all other Trump executive orders this week. What about #balanceofpower or common sense?
Thank you for putting morality ahead of politics.
thank you for standing strong for OUR CORE AMERICAN VALUES.
"not well thought out" is the MO for this presidency. Replacing healthcare for millions also "not well thought out?"
. We in OK are watching your actions and your actions should prove your christianity not your words.
. Pres Trump and his staff had total disregard for these people. Pause should be with them till they learn the proccess.
Thanks @SenatorLankford  for supporting #ReligiousFreedom & refuge for the persecuted. #TakeTheNextStep and oppose the executive order.
Thanks for trying to respond a bit more Senatorial like. Sad you still don't have what it takes to say stopthe madness.
Thank you, Senator Lankford from the bottom of my heart.  Your consistent faith walk is evident in your words as a leader.
and this is why oklahoma lacks a vibrant democratic party. Phoneys like the Turpin family. Big oil buys all!
It's so refreshing to put America's safety first
Fight against this ridiculous EO! Vetting process already rigorous & WORKS. Please fight to keep Trump in check. He is dangerous!!!!!
I never want to hear you utter the words "religious freedom" again #hypocrite
You really said Nothing! #pause separates family! PPL with green cards should not be placed on pause. #shameonyou
how can you say this order had "unintended circumstances" when the Whitehouse said it was a "massive success story."
that is not enough. Be better than this.
u can't both defend and condemn trump's actions. What is lacking in the current vetting process that necessitates this EO?
this statement is very ambivalent. Show some courage. History has its eyes on you. #NoBanNoWall
Thx for statement, would like to see clearer condemnation of disruption to lives that happened, and against any Muslim ban
this is definitely another non answer..grow a spine buy a pair and Impeach trump
an impeachable offense when the President can go against Federal court orders!! look it up. He says he is untouchable.
TY Sen Lankford as this order directly undermined exceptional bipartisan vetting process that Repubs/Dems already had in place.
you sound like a mediocre politician working towards a reelection. Have some guts, get off the fence

Parsing words doesn't make you a leader and it doesn't make you look smart. Say something or say nothing.
Giuliani went on tv and said it was exactly a muslim ban!!! Trump called lawyers to make it legal!! alternative truth? Lies
and then Preibus was even more stupid..He was trying to circle talk til he confirmed it.
Weak!#NoBanNoWall
thank you for this statement. Please turn this sentiment into active opposition.
Coward.
The ban illegally discriminates! #notwellthoughtout #youdontsay #illegal #unchristian #dumptrump
typical politician. Trump & Bannon are ruining your party and you are letting them.
I've seen more guts in road kill. @SenatorLankford
Thank you for this reasoned and compassionate perspective.
there will be no securing the homeland if these kinds of things continue to happen.
As a leader, you have a responsibility to uphold American values and these EO's are tearing our country apart.
.@SenatorLankford are you personally calling the separated, now endangered families to tell them that they are just experiencing a "pause?"
closer to humane than earlier. Thank you.
I appreciate this statement. However; you are either lying or fooling yourself if you think Trump/Bannon didn't intend this
chicken
Trump Fried..just like Inhofe..mr. no comment
