Sen. James Lankford says it needs to be determined if the campaigns reached out after Russia approached them. http://n.pr/2u4sQGi  
Don Jr has stated the meeting was set to receive info to harm HRC. You have your answer. Now, react like a patriot, not a Trump water boy.
A patriot puts USA before Russia and USA before GOP, btw.
There's that 'But Hillary' distraction again. But Trump!
"Whataboutism" is a troll tactic and the trolls are out in full force following G20.
It's the tactic of most T supporters. The TrumpButts.
Their only defense is to change the topic. Meanwhile, JL just stalls for time in public so the "big boys" can do the important work.
That's a nothing quote. Playing dumb (until you pass your agenda) is not a good look.
Don't forget to remind everyone how religious you are, later today. It's been 18 hours.
I swear I'm a religious person; calling my elected official's office and getting "have a blessed day" on recording makes me want to puke.
Yeah. He lays the religious verbiage on thick; actions, not so much. 
Are u calling for the investigation of MANY meetings of the DNC with Ukraine?Or are you a RHINO? We need to find new reps who are patriots!
Are you a WINO? Crazy talk!
At some point a lot of us raise the question
Do they deserve to walk those halls?  
We elect you to defend us on that Hill 1/
"Russia, if you're listening..." D.J. Trump, July 27, 2016.
Just because he made his overture in public doesn't negate its occurrence, impact, or intention.
And let's not forget that Kushner wanted a secret backchannel way to communicate with the Kremlin.
Is this you in the middle?
Ignorance. Typical trumpster.

Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent... went nowhere but had to listen. https://twitter.com/DRUDGE_REPORT/status/884390823881719808 …
Buddy boy is wrong. VP A Gore campaign was mailed leaked debate prep materials for Gov. George W. Bush from campaign. They contacted the FBI
@SenatorLankford, You ask did the campaigns reach back? Have you been watching the same news as everybody else? Uh, yes Donald Trump Jr did!
let's not forget Comey's firing, AG Sessions lying, & Kushner's backchannel comms. It's reasonable to believe there is wrongdoing.
True. And invite only town halls!
He is the definition of a tool!
I started a drinking game with only one rule : every time an Rep diverts to HRC when asked about Russia, 1 shot... I lost my job weeks ago.
So they went to a meeting with a Russian lawyer (govt related info to be given per Jr's emails). That sounds like reaching back, no?
Seems you're a couple of days behind on current news,  Senator. #DoYourJob and #investigatetrump
Guess you will be one of the first of the GOP to lose their job over this fake Russia bullshit. Good luck buddy.
It's not fake, you can't handle the truth.
Seriously senator.  Reach back into your bag of tricks and try again.
I can't wait to see his face when Muller is done
Sir, if both parties reached out to the Russians, than BOTH parties have broken the law and committed crimes and require judicial action.
Who gives a hoot about your thoughts, what will you DO?   Oh, thats right you are passing a tax cut for the rich.  TIME TO PUT COUNTRY 1ST
And now??
Looks like we know now! Please put your country before your party, Senator, and take action against these traitors.
Here is page 4 (which did not post due to space constraints). 
@MorningEdition  Why was Elect Adm Comm defunded after our election was just hacked? Does GOP not care about election hack.
I know you don't represent my interests here in Okla but damn bro. Wake up already!!
My question: How many other campaigns did they reach out to and who were they?
Thank you for not glossing the DJTJr admission. IMO it is treason. When I pledge allegiance to the , I mean it!
3/ we no longer see you as a defender on that Hill but an enabler.
2/ we choose you because we believe you will take that task with thoughtful and humble approach. When is no longer serious to you
Collusion: :secret or illegal cooperation or conspiracy, especially in order to cheat or deceive others.  Be a #truthseeker
Except this wasnt with the Russian Government.... Where do you people come from?
You are a fake deep-voiced embarrassment.
Guess what, coward, you've got your answer.
They had a meeting w/ Russians. Actually quite a few which they lied about. 1st not having them then about "forgetting" about them
Until you repeal and get govmnt out of healthcare, and start supporting @Potus agenda, we don't give a crap what you think.
If you can't repeal and replace, Repeal it with an expiration date. Repeal gets people out bondage to be able to embrace the free market
Please help us put the Sanctions bill to a vote in the House. Are OK Reps on board? Who is holding it up?
@SenatorLankford is a patriot and has the will to hold any traitors accountable and the brains to keep us safe.
@SenateDems @cnnbrk it seems naively ignorant when people question if Potus was tough enough w Putin!?should he have challenged him2a duel?
Future candidates cannot have had2words with a russian! Or be disqualified! Cabinate as well! This is precedent gov has set!
I heard your thoughts and respect them. But where are your thoughts on the health care bill? Your aides say you haven't taken a stand.
Literally the link at the bottom of this story.
Donald Jr went to the meeting. When did Russians reach out to dems?
President Trump will tell the American People when all the fact's are in Sen Lankford attempting to imply other wise is ignorant

Seriously, senator, you really think a man like crooked Trump would be president legitimately?You would be so much better and you didn't run
I like the use of strong verbiage but it is far more important to follow up with actions that back up your language. When will you stand up?
He admitted his intent was to get damaging info on HRC. Taking meeting w/ that intent is "reaching back!" #25thAmendmentNow
Except you cant use 25th on Trump for a crime Jr never committed. You should stick to being pretty because you certainly lack intelligence.
History will document the actions of those in power at this critical point, as our republic is threatened. Do the right thing, Senator.
Was that a Freudian slip of the use of "we" reaching back? Are you implicating yourself or the Republican party? They met to get dirt Enough
You asked 4 HRC clearance 2b revoked when she was never charged. Kushner has lied repeatedly abt Russia. But your cool with that? #Hypocrite
This all is laughable at best. Dead end story line again, Im sick of the work NOT being done becuz u people are chasing the White Rabbit.
Reminder: They denied it so you cannot trust ONE DAMN THING out of their mouths!!!!!!!!!!
Courage and Integrity, James. A good king watches out for the entire realm.
Proving again you care about media approval and being part of the club, not the American people.
Do you often set meeting without an agenda? Trump campaign reached back according to DonJr's own admission.
It is established fact that Hillary paid for dirt on Trump, why is it news if the Trump campaign reciprocated? #MorningJoe #MondayMorning
All campaigns do that. But most don't work with foreign enemies to get it. Try again.
Except she said she wasnt associated with the government of Russia. Try again.
Worry about the real laws broke! Comey memos!! Illegal acts!
Where have you been hiding?
In Palm Springs with the Koch Brothers.
