.@SenatorLankford
No on DeVos. I am an educator, unlike the nominee. Okla needsca champion for public ed. DeVos is not.
Credit where due. Your OKC staff is excellent. Very nice meeting w/ packed room of people in opposition to Trump's agenda.
ditto on Betsy Devos NOT Oklahoma's choice for Dept. of Education!!
We will answer but won't listen! Thanks for calling!
"answering every call" but not listening! "Lankford confirmed his support for Betsy DeVos as education secretary" 
I'd like to know how yes vs no calls he got. I doubt he'd answer that question
thank you for the condescending form letter.  DeVos is not qualified, Pruitt allowed Tyson to poison Tenkiller
please vote no on Betty DeVoss and stop that crazy ban!
but are you actually listening to what people are saying? Or just going off your own agenda?
Vote NO on DeVos. She's unqualified. Every child deserves a quality, free education regardless of religion or wealth.
The majority of Oklahomans support Pres. Trump and ALL he is doing. Stay strong. Elections have consequences. #MAGA
100% FALSE. OK GOP primary results: Trump LOST. OK is a Reagan GOP state. #DeVos is unqualified. #NoBanNoWall
Trump won in November, but Cruz would have been great too! Elections have consequences. #MAGA
they do have consequences but they shouldn't be unqualified ppl leading important agencies!
All of them r highly qualified & will hopefully bring much needed change. Govt exp. not nec
highly qualified? no public education exp? No teaching exp? No student loan exp? Qualified n what?
Shaking up the education system, giving parents a choice, supports vo-tech, trade schools..
shame on you for ignoring your constituents' wishes and supporting Betsy DeVos.I pray you will represent your electorate
I appreciate this, but are you listening?
it would be fabulous if you listened to your constituents and voted NO on Tillerson & DeVos. And the republic over party.
He won't do it because he is scared.
I didn't figure he would but a gal can dream. Such a lemming.
Yes, he is a lemming.
Do you represent ALL of Oklahoma or just vote the party line? She is HIGHLY NOT QUALIFIED! Just say NO!
but are you listening or patronizing?  We know the difference. Listen to the people you represent.
@OklaEd  Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos.  Insist on better for our students and teachers.
two GOP senators have shown the courage to tell DeVos no. Please be the third! #StopDeVos
No on DeVos
how many of those calls asked you to #SayNoToBetsyDeVos for the benefit of Oklahoma schools? Listen to us! #trumppuppet
Answering every call, ignoring the majority and voting yes for DeVos. My heart is breaking for my country and our children.
Your phones might be off the hook, but you aren't.
because we are disgusted by you and the GOP. Fix it!
@OklaEd  Vote NO  on Betsy DeVos. Our children and teachers deserve better. Don't let them down, please.
Been calling your offices regularly. Your staff is so kind. I hope you listen to us #NoBanNoWall  #NotoDeVos #SaveACA
He didn't. Why even take calls from home when you clearly don't care?Heartbreaking http://m.newsok.com/article/5536698 
#VoteNoDevos
From a Christian with small children in Public school, PLEASE VOTE NO...I called your office and left my verbal vote as well.
Bet you go against the majority of the public and confirm Devos anyway...
Say no to DeVos and Pruitt. I personally do not know anyone -even  in Oklahoma- who supports her, but hundreds who do not.
I just called Senator Lankfords office in DC with the same request
I called as well
I don't expect him to vote no, but I won't let him have a free pass
Even a Sen from Alaska said phone is swamped with people calling to oppose devos. They will truly only care about 1% if approve
Absolute truth told
Confirm our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump nominees! Oklahomans overwhelmingly voted for Trump and respect his policies
But will you follow the will of the people you represent?  No to DeVos and No to Sessions!
what are those phone calls saying and how will you vote?
No to DeVos she is unfit and unqualified remember you represent the Citizens of Oklahoma and not the Republican Party!
lol like you actually talked to anyone.
No no no no no no no no on DeVos!
don't just answer our calls and placate us, vote the way we instruct you to. bet you get more resist
mark another down no for DeVos. Children are our future. We need the best and it’s just not her. Be bold and fight for kids
Please vote NO on Tillerson and DeVos.
Trump is proving he will not honor our Constitution, vote for humanity, not party
Please vote NO on Devos as Sec. of Ed. and protect our public schools.
Constituent with kids in public school. Our kids deserve better. Please vote NO on DeVos!
Call his D.C. office and have your opinion officially marked. Give your zip code to prove OK constituency.  (202) 224-5754
 done! ;)
@NewsOn6 Federal law says no sanctuary cities! What part of that don't you people understand?!
NO to DEVOS, PRUITT, and SESSIONS!!!  Politics aside they are not right for AMERICA!!
thank you! I emailed Kevin my concerns last night. Please don't be a rubber stamp. You are wiser than that! #NoBanNoWall
keep of the good work!  You are truly a conduit of our Lord and us!
will the lankford letter contain stats from these calls as well as how you used them to guide your votes on the issues?
@NewsOn6 you may answer but you are not listening!  Vote. No   On. DeVos!
do right by your constituency #StopDeVos
No Sessions & No DeVos.
As one who of your Republican constituents, please hold the moral high ground. Stand up to Trump.
Vote for strong public schools. Say NO to DeVos.
I hope you are listening! No Sessions, no Devos!!!
Would love to see OK officials land on the correct side of everything. We can try.
Thank you for listening to us.
I hope that you help put a stop to Betsy Devos. She does not belong at the helm of our education dept.
please vote no to DeVos and Tillerson
please listen and vote NO on DeVos.
support @POTUS nominees and #SchoolChoice defend #UnitedStates
A lot of us are silent majority who voted for Trump and what he brings to the political table. I trust your decision.
As your constituent w/ kids in NPS, pls vote NO on #DeVos. OK Public Ed is in dire straits!DeVos has no experience to help!
Thank you,Senator. Like you,I'm pro-life,conception to resurrection. Hope you'll stand up for our kids today & reject DeVos
- does this mean you will actually listen to us and vote #noDevos?
Stop taking pharmaceutical money and denying us cheap medication! You're better then that. Say hi to Dr/Congressman Derby
Please stand up for Christian values. #nobannowall
.@SenatorLankford lines are busy & your mailbox is full, PLEASE vote no on DeVos. I've yet to meet a (R or D) constituent who supports her!
Christian Constituent w/Muslim Neighbor. Say NO #MuslimBan #withholdconsent #nojusticenobills #federalfumbles Matt 25:40
please stand up to trump ! Vote no #deVos
No honest person representing Okla. could vote for DeVos. If any state ever needed an ally for strong public schools ...
He won't do it because he is scared.
please consider your constituents and not just please your republican colleagues.
Called the D.C. office. Voicemail was full. I'll keep trying though.
who answers the letters? Everyone is getting the same copy and pasted letter! 
please vote no on @BetsyDeVos!
good will be calling soon !
Here is my letter asking you to vote NO on #DeVos. As elected Rep in OK my constituents have spoken to me loud and clear.
Vote against DeVos. It's what your constituents want you to do. Do right by us, please.
He won't do it because he is scared.
hopefully you'll listen to us and vote No on DeVos. Hopefully you'll try to stand against Trump. I doubt you though.
lead on patriot
