It's a mistake to appoint a political person to this job at this point. How about someone with actual job skills??
Senator you are full of sh..! Please resign and go back to church camp job where your opinions belong
Keaton's is on TV in OK right now lying about the cause of OK budget problems in a ad paid for by big oil...so...NO
Sir, I certainly hope you are wrong about this.
We don't need a political appointee. Just cause you're both from Oklahoma. Whoopee...
What a loser!! Keating is a failed politician and might be suitable as a custodian it the basement of the state Capitol building.
Can anything good come from OK except the Pioneer Woman
I unfortunately live in this state. Our government is full of racists and all sorts of shady politicians. It's shameful.
Hey I live in Arkansas and the racists are coming out of the woodwork.  Let's you and I try to change the people that have been elected.
Nope; Keating did a commercial falsely claiming wind energy caused OK Budget problems.  No confidence in his honesty or non-partisanship.
Plus, Keating showed poor judgement by voting for loser Kasich in the GOP primary. Keating is pro-establishment.
No governor from Oklahoma should be FBI director. Nope!
My thoughts exactly
Former Oklahoma Governor Frank Keating is a great candidate for the FBI Director
Do you read? Everything Oklahoma is NOT OK, ok?
I live in Ok, your statement is 100% factual. That man has helped run us into the ground.
I also live in OK and would disagree. I don't agree that Keating is a wise choice, but to say everything in OK is not OK might be a stretch.
You must not work in education. I do. It's pretty bad sir.
Gov. K is exc choice, but don't want his nam sullied in this mess going on in D.C. He deserves BETTER.Respect how he dealt w/ 4/19/95.
Comey's testimony under oath confirms that Trump never asked him to halt an investigation.
I currently support no person nominated by this president. Allow the interim McCabe continue until this matter is resolved.
Shouldn't be a politician.
Yeah.  Put a partisan in there!  Grind law enforcement  to a halt too!  Brilliant !
Frank Keating is a poor choice sir.  His leadership style is challenged....which I know first hand.  Next option please
No one from Oklahoma should be considered for FBI anything, much less its director. Omg 
Haven't we learned enough from the mess we're in?? Let's keep it honest and clean. Anyone with a political history, need not apply.
Absolutely not, he is too much of a butt kisser and trump has one big enough that Keating could not miss it. Certainly not independent!
Orange headed people think alike, it appears
@SenatorLankford  pls stop talking
No. Just no.
Sadly, he will try to install someone that will do his bidding. Thank you for being an unusual beacon.
Nope. Wrong James. Again.
Exactly how much cocaine you snorting???
Position of FBI director should be given to someone non-political! A governor won't work
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/democrats-vs-trump/house-dems-smash-fundraising-records-ahead-midterms-n761466 … just thought I would leave this here for you..all the votes today..just sayin
Nooooooooo!!
And I hope you and your colleagues will get off your collective asses and get back to your legislative jobs. DO YOUR JOB!!!!
@jaketapper so jake can call a racist
Do the Republicans have any backbone or are they all on someone else's payroll?
There is no way Trump should be allowed to make this nomination at this Point! Just leave the acting director in place during investigation
Why? Because he's from Oklahoma? The last thing we need is a republican from Oklahoma in that position.
If there was mild consideration in the Trump appointee process we would only have Mattis.
Oh Hell, No!
Bad Choice!
Keating had ethical problems. He allowed a corporation to fund his children's trusts, to avoid accepting their money outright.
As a life-long Oklahoman, I remember the terrible job Keating did as governor. This is a ridiculous  idea.
@jaketapper NOOOOOO POLITICIANS!!!!!!
No thank you. Enough partisan BS.
I will hold my oppion until I see if cnn likes him. If so I instantly know wrong guy for the job
Did you say the same re that weirdo Pruitt and the EPA post...if so, your words are worthless.
Lankford is dead wrong...again. Keating was the worst thing to happen to Oklahoma, Lankford is a close second. They're both sellouts!
@POTUS why the hell would President Trump want anyone remotely tied to @SenJohnMcCain    Maybe Fake Jake would!
Trying to adapt to the new way of thinking here but wouldn't this be obstruction of the interview process!? Hope is now demanding, sir!
Swipe left
Puke!!!!  Go home, Sen. FrackQuake.
How about someone who is Involved deeply in the FBI
You gotta be kidding!
Nò way !

 Hell no! 
No partisan politicians should be leading the FBI at this critical time in our country. Rep or Dem
We already have quite enough of Oklahoma's creationist, climate denier, anti-contraception, fuckup-the-planet goofballs, thank you.
Uh, we've got our quota of Oklahomans, but thankskbye.
OK Senator rooting for his own R Gov. Of course you do. How very partisan of you,
HELL NO!
I'm glad you are a voice of reason. Thank you Sen Lankford . #PresidentHatch
Nooooo!
Why not promote a career FBI employee to Director?
Absolutely not.
Oh boy. Please.
. Nope.
Is that a joke?
Need non political people here. Prosecutors or attorneys only
Yes because OK has such a great record on race relations.
@jaketapper Back. No thanks.
Um, no.
What would be really great is if we reinstated @PreetBharara , Director Comey, Sally Yates.
I hope no one gets considered for anything. This man should not be making these decisions anymore
I hope to God that no politician is given consideration for this post.
I disagree. Instead of Frank Keating it should be Sally Yates!
No politician, from any party, no matter how wonderful, should be head of the FBI. DJT has shown we need truly independent ppl for the job
How about have the fbi employees vote on who they would trust the most
Hell. No. He would have no credibility as an independent FBI director.
- you have to ask for #demandallcomeymemos - DNC HRC WJC Seth Rich unmasking servers emails computers Rice Rhodes emails !
Nope. No pols.

@jaketapper I think most experts agree that a nonpartisan nonpolitcal appointee would be best.
And I dont trust you either
No. We dont need another damn politician in charge of IC
Is he related to the Keating 5?
I'm sure you do, Lankford
This isn't a fucking party led position you partisan hack.
Nope
I don't. He's a partisan's partisan. We need better.
Who doesn't have some bent... c'mon, there is no way to get a perfect candidate that will please every pallet.
