And you idiot MAGA stooge keep tweeting on here about your wall. Oh and EMAILs!..
Why did you change your pic ashamed? Was it not really you? I didn't think so.
Awesome!  Love the Bi-Partisanism!!!!!#HowDCShouldWork #Obamacare shows one party legislation is doomed to fail.
The ACA was a bipartisan bill in spite of what republicans say.
Disagree Too much DEM non-ACA legislation buried in bill since couldn't get passed otherwise.  Neg effect on lots of people #TransparencyNot
How you doing on tax reform??
Thank You Sir I was beginning to wonder if any one in Washington cared do to the fact Obama Care is still on the books
ask your self Sir why do I pay for health care but don't have any form of health care what so ever trained in the way's of War all men die
Vote NO on G-C legislation! OK is watching you. Shore-up ACA. Pay the Insurance companies what gov owes them! You are making them weak
Hahahahhahahahahahaha!!!!!! Stay in yo lane socialist doosh! Lmao
Speaking of thread creep.
You mean "Thread Creeps" , plural, there are many of you on here... actually most of you on here just hate.
SO GLAD! Too bad our troops did not have what they needed in Benghazi. INVESTIGATE HILLARY, COMEY, RICE, DOJ & unmasking.
Vote no on Grahm-Cassidy.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/15/us/politics/tillerson-state-department-united-nations-general-assembly.html … While Tillerson dismantles our State Department and the whole regime quietly takes away our rights
Why not a bipartisan health care bill?
Am an MD. Do you understand it's effect on premiums, copays, ability to get coverage for prevention?
They need to COME HOME. Period. #BringOurTroopsHome #AUMF
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Visit a nursing home in a poor district, talk to doctors, nurses & their patients at a hospital.
Vote NO on the newest version of Trumpcare. Symbolic only debate, no CBO score, we are not deceived and we will not forget.
Thank you Lankford for supporting our Troops in their efforts to keep America great! Now #BuildThatWall and #MAGA
Oh it's ashamed... we all really care about the S that spews from your mouth.  We already have a wall and it's being reinforced.
And that is why we can't have free college tuition! More money for the war machine while the people drown in debt for an education.
leaving this here. For all you MAGA FOOLS. Why do you hate everyone but yourself?
This pandering jackwagon will vote for anything his donors want. Unfortunately, the next pandering jackwagon will do the same.
I am wondering how you RINO's will allocate the money. RINO's don't want to ire the  minority Dims.
Now call for investigation of Obama/Clinton illegal actions, using federal government to further their own agendas.
BUT HER EMAILS!!! WHAAAAA!!!!!      WTF is wrong with you?
So you're saying this is going 2 the troops? What is it exactly they need? How much profit 4 contractors involved? Where's the  going?
So the corruption agreed on that allows you to screw the American people! Oh wow I am sure you assholes are over joyed!!!
Really? So this is the whatever hundred time y'all said the same bullshit. We need the security of our amendments. Agile
Asshole is what I said before I got sensor attention!
"Who said money makes the world go 'round?
They just didn't know
Murder runs the globe"
what national security? imperialism doesn't count. stay out of other people's business unless you and your kids will volunteer for military.

Thanks for continued wasteful spending. BS!!!!!
13 hrs ago you tweeted that the UN was a bloated bureaucracy and now you applaud a $700 billion dollar endless war bill...shame on you.
Please vote NO on the Health Care Legislation 
It will harm and kill many Americans
Vote for Our Country
Not for your party
It is regime change wars, not National Security, that would be putting an end to the man made earthquakes around Cushing. Will you?
Vote No on Graham/Cassidy bill. If it gets passed OK will remember how you voted. Want military peace? Get rid of 45. Do your damn job.
Why does something like this have to be repeatedly voted on? Shouldn't this be a given? Why wouldn't this pass?
How about what they need to do their jobs safely as possible, and keep their families healthy?
TY for bipartisan vote for defense. I vote for bipartisan healthcare as outlined by Governir Kasich and governors of America.
And completely dropped the ball with vets. What the hell happened with #sa639
Okay people... since most of you are idiot Libs , I'll explain. He said "National" that means USA... is anyone still confused? #MAGA
Why so much more than requested? Instead of 650 million, it's 700 billion. That's a ridiculous waste of resources.
Have paid in over their lifetimes, just as a whole bunch of current  taxpayers will be retiring and dying off.
Please do not vote for the Cassidy health care bill. Why rush. This bill is worse than the others. Get it right and do it properly.
#EndlessWar
Sad
Plus now we have to pay for a dumbass wall! We'll have to offset the tax contributions that all of the dreamers and their offspring would
Defense should be federal govt's only job. Maybe roads too, but get out of everything else.
Good because old ppl don't need healthcare...they're old, or safe bridges or streets, teachers don't need books or supplies.
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. It is not the answer.
Please do NOT vote for #GrahamCassidyBill.  Vote NO!
Like appropriate health care!? Or are you just talking about weapons?
No #trumpcare. Lankfaird puts himself first, not OK.
Thank you!
You toad.
If you really wanted to give the troops what they need to be safe, you'd get them a new commander-in-chief.
Senator, how do you plan to vote on the latest ACA repeal? Thanks
Please do Not vote for this health care legislation. For Once, vote to help Oklahomans instead of along party lines.
Hey Senator.. did you ever ask if they had enough equipment already??
Thank you!
Please do NOT vote for this health care legislation!  No hearings, no full CBO score!  #irresponsible #sickening #disgusting
If ya gave a damn about national security, you'd be raising hell about the need to combat climate change
But you don't.  You only want to feed the military industrial complex.
We should listen to the warnings from the past.  Eisenhower was a 5 star general and then a president.  He knew what he was talking about.
And yet you can't wait to put the lives of millions in jeopardy by supporting #GrahamCassidy. Please #StopGrahamCassidyHeller
