To bad Trump gave Un propaganda to use with NK citizens. T s/have encouraged those citizens to rise up rather than threaten to kill them.
Annnnnd  who would show/share the citizens the positive words invoking them to rise up? The same government that will show thempropaganda?
SK blasts NK with news that is anti Kim regime. Ever hear if dropping flyers over a country? As in WW2? Could drop smart phones.
People have been jailed for sending balloons with messages/other items across the border.
So we threaten to annihilate millions of innocent brainwashed people. MAGA?
Please do something about this president, Senaror Lankford, before North Korea nukes us and an all-out race war breaks out.
I'm sick of the brown-nosing-in-the-name-of-loyalty to our US dictator Trump. Stand for something Sen Lankford! Ur constituents for starters

Forgot to add your name to the for list. Vote no and add your name to the against list with the others who care about people like we should
How ya gonna vote on the ACA bill taking away pre-existing condition protections? What about our kids?
Senator, we're waiting for an answer. how can u justify taking Hcare away from OK's children so u can give tax breaks to top 1%.
NK will never give up their nukes and Trump has back himself into a corner with his rhetoric. All he wants is war to distract from russia.
Trump is the one being reckless by being himself, a name calling man child. How in the world can US prez make Lil Kim look like the grown up
#Potus rhetoric is going to destroy this country.  Please do something before it's too late.
We know you support your party over your constituents, but please get some dignity & quit kissing Trump's butt!
But who will cut off funding for the despitic and reckless Trump? Do you have the guts to stand against him for America?
Vote no on Graham/Cassidy health care bill
Do you approve of the tit-for-tat going on?   We are going to end up in a BS war here too.
Since you don't talk with oklahomans I'll know the answer to question from your vote. Do you stand with OK citizens or donors?
Obviously donors
VOTE NO! OK already in trouble. Bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.
@SenatorLankford @JimInhofe repealing ACA with Graham-Cassidy will result in over 300K Oklahomans losing coverage! Is it good for Oklahoma?
Also, how about voting for the people's healthcare. #noGrahamCassidy
REALLY? Trump is going to get many people killed because he's so thin-skinned and insecure.
You're not very bright are you, when the lights go out in DC it may be NK testing there cybertack capabilities.
Why don't you do your job!
Your a selfish senator, wanting what is best for his wallet.....remember WWJD?
The #45 is not sane. He is a bully! You need to quit praising the 45th!
Down & do nothing. Those days are long gone! I support @realDonaldTrump
Has the nerve to blow up Google with his Dotard Comments.  Seriously thou we don't want innocent life lost cuz Kim wants try n make sit
I % Support President Trump's plan. USA&our Allies are doing more to save the lives of his people than #RocketMan cares to do. Than he
you're a despot; https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1713716988659784&id=908009612563863 …
I'm no Rep. So I know you don't care about me. I'm going to start asking Republicans if they voted for you so that you could kill them.
the problem is you applaud him too much, you allow dispicable behavior to further the Republican agenda and it's wrong on so many levels
If he can get China banks to cut off NOKO, DC can surely pass healthcare! Take a lead, Sir.
It’s amazing how so many snowflakes can’t stay on topic but just rant.
I'll be applauding when he is impeached. P.S. Your support of Graham-Cassidy is appalling and shameful. 32 million James! Let that sink in.
2022 will not be kind when $$$ is more important than your constituents! #MedicareForAll care for once about the US citizens!!!
Oh yea & keep applauding as #TrumpTraitor gets us all killed!!
You believe OK can manage healthcare $$ under #GrahamCassidy when we're on the brink of being a failed state? #noGrahamCassidy #SaveACA
You should not bring up an OK program like InsureOK as Nat'l example w/o understndg how it works. #noGrahamCassidy @SenatorLankford @NPR
Sanctions good, incendiary rhetoric no good.
Also, please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. OK is counting on you.
Now if you all in the Senate and House would cut off financing of Americas despotic and reckless president...
You used InsureOK as example of successful state prog. InsureOK is Medicaid prog that relies on ACA $ #noGrahamCassidy @SenatorLankford @NPR

Support Trump!!!
What are you going to do about the  despotic and reckless regime of Donald John trump?
Several states have tried it, all failed.
vote for the Trump healthcare bill.  Obamacare is a failure but not nearly as big as a single payer healthcare bill would be.
By failing to condemn Trump's other actions/words you implicitly applaud those, too. You're perfect example of why I don't go to church now.
When @SenatorLankford disagrees with President Trump he voices it. Where have u been? U can still Support & respect a leader without bowing

I would like to cut off this administrations funding
Vote no on ACA appeal. Think of your constituents,not Trump.
If I had to guess, if he's a republican than voting yes is probably in line with the wishes of those who elected him.
Would be great if you now start supporting our President.  You might be surprised what he could get done with your support
He's had their support and accomplished....nada...zilch..zero.
Be nice if he would support impeachment, then we might get a result.
He's the 1st to get Russia & China on board against NK, FEMA working flawlessly,  3% GDP ALREADY, he's got Arabs VISITING Israel...SHUT UP!
Why do you think these sanctions will have any impact? Sanctions haven't EVER worked with NK or Iran. We got Iran to stop nukes with a DEAL!
Why hasn't Assange been contacted? He has absolute proof that it was never Russia. Isn't this whole matter about his WikiLeaks?
How does Trump line up with your Christian values?  Are you ok with that?  I'm not.
How about helping OKLAHOMA CHILDREN?? So fucking worried about some other small DICKtator your own community is suffering educationally!!
He threatens to DESTROY a country of 25 million people; follows up the threat with the goofy insult to "Rocket Man". He has no credibility.
So Kim's threats against the US and our allies don't matter to you?
Tax reform is BLOOD MONEY  Republicans want to kill Obamacare to give HUGE TAX CUTS TO WEALTHY  We get $300/yr. -
Vote no on Trumpcare.
Disgusting Senator. the worst. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1713716988659784&id=908009612563863 …
What are you doing about the real threat to Americans?  Other Americans are the biggest threat to Americans by far
Isolate him from the rest of the world with sanctions. Let them destroy their own country from within.
Well, we have been doing that for decades. They now have a thermonuclear warhead. So, doesn't seem like a good plan.
Good point.
Do you also applaud him threatening to murder 25 million people in a country about the size of Virginia?
You do realize Kim threatened the US and her allies first, right?
Shocking. Is there anything he does that you don't applaud.. 
What about our own government financing the despotic and reckless regime of D.J. Trump?
I wonder if that burn is covered by your taxpayer funded insurance plan senator? Oh wait...it is isn't it.
Also known as the "rocket man."
https://www.buzzfeed.com/tariniparti/at-least-three-wealthy-trump-officials-used-private-jets?utm_term=.cuqygaX6R7#.jfXGwqbEOD …  I think these are the actual "rocket men"... The treasury is WIDE OPEN for plunder with the #GOPInCharge
https://twitter.com/ParentofSam1/status/911000446881452035 … With the #GOPInCharge Trump appointees enjoy unprecidented luxuries using taxpayer money.
LOL.... so I googled "motorcade" and all of the past Secretaries of Agriculture since 2005. None of them had a Motorcade. #TaxWaste https://twitter.com/mjcote218/status/910997495672721408 …
