Libs r mad & sad Comey didn't deliver the goods 2day, b/c their r no "goods".  Comey is a hack, who is 2 sensitive. Worse FBI Dir ever!
Put the koolaid down
Screw you Ashamed Okie.  Mr. Trump won every country in Oklahoma.  Our senators better stand behind our president.  You're the minority.
County.
Firing the FBI Director is NOT a light touch. ##retaliation
Trump fired comey to obstruct the Russia investigation. You know it. It is no ones responsibility to stop the prez from committing crime
Trump is the president. It's his constitutional right to fire or hire the FBI director. Go pick up a law book. Learn something.
Hmmm after asking to let go of an investigation and then saying to relieve the pressure of the Russia investigation haha ya keep dreaming
Comey is not credible! He's a fired disgruntled ex-employee who now gets the opportunity to try & screw over his former boss! Witch hunt!
Drama Queen Comey.
Sir, is there a difference between not being "fond of an investigation" & asking lead investigator to stop, then firing lead investigator?
Sir, did you think it was a "light touch" when Pres. Trump asked everyone to leave the room, to speak to Comey in private?
Excellent questioning.  Very well done.  Now get and review all bureau documents - especially on Clinton obstruction.
Lankford: 'Comey took impeccable notes, did he review those notes before his statement'? 
Cc: @IndivisibleOK
How in the hell did you get on the Senate intelligence committee. Intelligence is the last thing that comes to mind when i think of yr name
The president has the authority to stop any investigation. Yet he didn't exercise that authority. Wouldn't have been illegal, yet He didn't.
3) precedent when they demanded Clinton's campaign emails & WH logs of visitors. Why aren't u holding Trump & assoc 2 same standards?
2)"nothinburger" why not say anything abt Russian assoc of campaign members & tampering w/election? Partisanship outta control! Reps made
It's not like Lynch or Comey announced that members of the Trump campaign we're being investigated. If they publicly announced Clinton 1)
Why aren't u asking more questions abt election tampering? Lynch made her stmt that she didn't want 2 confirm or deny an ongoing investigat
As a GOP constituent, but not your fan, it pains me to admit you did a good job here.
@SenatorLankford  thank you for your brilliant questioning! Proud to have true patriots like yourself in government.  A true star!
"Light touch" You are a fraud
The president is ignorant of the laws plain and simple
Thank U Sir they R trying everything 2 sabotage our Pres I'm neither dem or rep just want America back 2 it's roots. Much hate from leftist
Great job, Senator! My family and I are praying for you.
but but but Hillary's emails??? really..
Lankford, I will remember your lack of duty to Americans when it's time to vote against you
Lankford, I'm disappointed with you. You chose party over country, again. Trump is guilty for obstructing justice. Smh
You want they say about sheep right? They get led to the slaughter! Bahhhh
Go after the professor that helped leak FBI note to press.




And you looked like a real tool for the Koch Brothers..you know there is collusion you know there is emolluments and no divesture of assets
Liberal Collusion narrative is toast! Not one mention on #morningjoe!
Well done Senator. You are VP /Pres material one day@
for what ?? He just voted to have a huge recession, is getting ready to wipe out all health care, sold your rights to privacy..gosh..howcool
You were - awesome!!!!!!
You made me proud to be an Oklahoman.  You were spot on.
I couldn't agree more. You have to be mentally defective or cognitively dissonant to think otherwise. Brilliant performance!

Valentine's Day dinner with no one else around seems like a light touch to you? Hmm 
Treated #FbiComey liked The Criminal trump is didn't liked his questions !
Happy #ThursdayThoughts everyone!  Kindness matters.  You never know who is watching that it changes a life.  #payitforward in all u do!
i am very proud of you and how well you handled such important matters. very eliquent in your questions.  Good job sir!
Not sure which is more amusing: your mislead comment or your effort to use bigly words 
ICYMI: "eloquent"
Hope not hate
I wish u had been harder on him! Americans R fed up with the BS that comes out of Washington!
Well done good and faithful servant.
to the Koch Brothers..yes..to constituents..not much
Great job today.  Concerned by the partisanship in gov.  It's vicious, and an embarrassment before the world.  What can be done to end this?
Please remember, in all of this, you should choose your country over your party.
I am a voting Oklahoman. I am horribly disappointed in you, as an Oklahoman, as a person, and as a Senator in your representation today.
"A light touch?"  The point is that Trump should not be "touching" the FBI director at all.  Trump has a problem with "touching."
The FBI works under the executive branch. Trump heads the executive branch. The FBI having no Check and balances is why we are in mess now.
Why R U proud of this! U were buffoonish, trying 2 "Buffalo".  WTF wld U need Comey's friend 2 turn over info that the whole  HAS! ASININE
What was your point today except to protect the lieing president ? How about country over party ?
So many more questions that need asked into this whole mess.
Good Job today Senator Lankford!!!
So #sad that your "GOTCHA" moment didn't land, Senator. Thanks for helping the obstruction of justice case today! #trumprussia #lankfordfail
Lol what exactly was that? U say Trump did something wrong? Tell me what proof was presented?
You seem normal but like ALL @SenateGOP you put party before country!  How do you sleep?  Oh my bad, on a pillow of #darkmoney!
Good questions Senator!
I don't know if there is a law against someone slapping some sense into you so I am just naive on this...
very disappointed that you chose party over country today.

Should have known you would let us down again.
So if I don't know that it's illegal to not pay my taxes then it's not illegal and I have committed no crime?
"Shorter Lankford" by @RadioFreeTom
Top 2016 donors are Devon Energy & Koch Brothers.  https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career&cid=N00031129&type=I …
Just b/c Trump only asked once means nothing. The point is that he asked and then fired him when he didn't comply.
Trump made the Flynn comment once, he asked Comey to make a public statement 3 times & most recent to the firing. Alternative theory.
There is no time when it's acceptable to ask the FBI director to drop an investigation. Zero. And Trump has repeatedly & cont. backed Flynn.
He didn't "ask" Comey to drop it. Also, if Trump knows something we don't & truly believes the Flynn story is nothing, it's that nefarious.
But I agree, Trump needs to learn this is politics, not business. It's always best to distance yourself from drama in politics.
As my senator, who I voted for, I do not support you trying to minimize the fact that Trump asked the FBI to drop an investigation. 1/2
Trump obstructed justice. He asked Comey to drop it, Comey didn't, Trump fired him over it. Doesn't get any clearer. How is that ok w/u?
I second that! Totally agree. Lankford works for OK citizens not Trump
That is clearly not true, he worked for Trump that day... does he work for Koch all the time?
OK Constituent. Thought ur questions were good. Hope u rewatch this. Don't understand connection b/w this issue & Clinton. Pls stay on topic
Agreed! It was quite annoying it kept coming up when it was not the intent of the session. It's like they were trying to change the subject.
Saw a "reframe" by WashPost. Said was trying to show FBI has been influenced by both parties. This "Trump/Comey" was obviously more overt.
Traitor. #YourLastTerm
Have you clowns wasted enough of our time and money yet? No evidence and every witness has said he did nothing wrong
No they did not. They actually said they couldn't answer those questions in an open public forum. There's a closed hearing on this also
Every witness so far has said there is no evidence and Trump didnt try to interfere or get them to drop anything.
Where is your outrage at the wasted money by Trump to his own properties and his family staying in New York?  Oh and "But her emails!"
Yeah compare Gvt waste with felonies, not too much with the thinking huh?
Great job on your questions.
Expect him to be more forthcoming and accountable than you are to your constituents?  Interesting!
Dodd-Frank must remain in place. If not, you just let the fox into the hen house.
You asked Comey - If the pres wanted to stop an investig, how would he do that? Answer - By firing the FBI Dir, which he admitted to.
Comey looked & sounded like a hormonal teenage girl on TV.
My goodness. That reply makes your name look ironic.
The truth can b hard to read.
So much partisanship in the line of questioning that I doubt @SenatorLankford veracity in "following the facts" as he always says.
Why did no one ask him: "If you thought your memos might have investigative value, why did you leak them to the @Nytimes"?
Someone pretty much did.
My Question for you Are you going to help the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Pass SConRes45 & S422 . Can you answer that
how did the classified meeting go?
Think it starts now actually.
AG Lynch working with Clintons?
