Right..make it about HRC when it's actually about Trump and his cronies!!
well she wasn't acquitted so they could possibly investigate her all over again
Spell out how #Hillary was acquitted without being charged? Can't wait to read that answer.
Good one SeanD...
ya haha good I bet you've got an Anderson Cooper poster on your wall
Dude..if you want to be taken seriously...which obviously you don't, try not being so insulting or just not respond!!
Einstein never read about 33k missing emails & ongoing FBI invstg. To pivot from the comment s/he has to name call to deflect.
Never had a convsation with a Trumper were they don't end without insult!!
More Hillary blame game. She's not the president. Is the GOP ever going make Trump to take responsibility?
He wasn't prez when Comey gave Hillary free pass.  When r libs going to stop the lies? (probably never)
You are playing the same game libs played. Russia loves you. Closed meeting with top russian spies today. Defend em
WTF r u trying to say?  It is simple.  Nobody trusts Hillary, so she lost.  End of story.  6 months have passed, let it go, get over it.
Sore losers tend to have a hard time getting of things when they had millions of illegals vote and still lost.
Ummn elections over. Worry about the constitution
No need now that Obama and the Clinton's are gone, it's safe.
Hahaha all of his actions courts has deemed unconstitutional.  More to constitution then 2nd ammendment.

Is that Bill O'Reilly on the left? @FoxNews
Yes, being fired for investigating trump collusion w Russia was indeed Hillary's fault.
You can only blame so much on HRC. Pure deflection. "Look over there, shiny object!"
Not sure if you were agreeing or thought I was serious. If the latter, it was written as dry sarcasm.
Hillary Clinton, was done DIRTY by Comey, on the other hand Trump firing Comey was anything but Presidential.I hope Comey testifies.
I knew they'd get around to "It's Hillary's fault" sooner or later. Now, if they can just work Benghazi into the narrative....
#CorruptComey
#CorruptTrump
The only corruption seems to be following Democrats like flies to c&*p.
It wasn't Hillary having Russia's top spies inside the Oval Office today- sorry
Liberal ignorance is only surpassed but their complete HYPOCRISYthe gift that keeps on givingThanks for losing
Martha!Why do you keep perpetuating Lie? "Both Candidates under FBI Investigation?" Hillary Was. Trump Was Not. People in his Campaign were.
This is so stupid. We all know this had nothing to do with the clinton investigation. This is about russia.
This is about Russia. @FoxNews needs to stop politicizing an assault on democracy. What happened to #CountryFirst ? Put the politics aside.
Sen. Langford, Hillary had NOTHING TO DO with Comey investigation of Trump/Russia.I remarked once who is Trump for America or Russia!!
Uh-oh...Libs won't like anyone piling blame on HRC when she refuses to own the impact her choices had on her own candidacy.
HRC is over. Back to Trump now.
how delusional
Not difficult at all Senator. She either broke the law, or she didn't. Very easy position for a cop. Arrest her if she did. Quite simple.
She was investigated and no intent was found and no charges were filed.
He allowed himself to be politicized which turned him into a liar just like Loretta Lynch. Hillary and Susan Rice still lying.
And allegedly, DJT
US journalists not allowed in, but Russian media was when #Trump had more Russian meetings. No visitor list released
This seems bad. 
At BEST, it's an embarrassment to our country.
Grand Jury Subpoenas issued in FBI's Russian investigation!
I have to agree. The Clintons poison everyone they come in contact with. shame Comey didn't fight
He will.
Nah . . #BillClinton & #lorettalynch caused this #collusion at its finest
And HRC.
Hilarious.
Comey put himself in that position by the way he handled the investigation, an he was NOT a good
Stop blaming Hillary u have a dictator leading u now to contend with who likes Russia more than USA
I agree
@realDonaldTrump Sen. Lankford explained it so well that I understood especially the timing.Let not the Dems run with this Mr. President.
Didn't DJT put Comey in far greater of a difficult position? #TheStory
YES, DJT put Comey in very difficult position! Trump gets more like a DICTATOR every day and AMERICA is not for ANY DICTATOR, now or ever!!!
Trump fires him & it's HRC's fault. Same narrative over & over never Trump's fault or responsibility no matter what it is unless it's good.
Has nothing to do with HRC. This is an investigation into ties with Russia and NOT HRC's ties.
One word
 RUSSIA
Fox News is the Trump Propaganda Network.

#TPN
Faux News Network
he should have not put himself in protecting criminals
I don't think he was protecting Trump.
It has nothing to do with HRC. Sad @FoxNews is politicizing and spinning it, causing the country further harm over politics.

.Please explain how HRC had anything to do with Trump's collusion with Russia, Comey's investigation & firing? #doyourjob
It has nothing to do with HRC. Sad @FoxNews is politicizing and spinning it, causing the country further harm over politics.
And Attorney General Lynch
https://twitter.com/mviser/status/862342914172735488 …  Trump thinks that this is the Soviet States of America, apparently.
It is outrageous that Russian media were allowed into the Oval Office, but American media were not. https://twitter.com/paleofuture/status/862330774644637696 …
This is a fake story
https://twitter.com/mviser/status/862342914172735488 … Nothing to see. NO DON'T OPEN THE CURTAIN!
NO to more refugees, YES to sending them home.
Most difficult position HRC put him in was making him think she was his next boss. What if he pushed back against BHO spying on DJT? Fired.
A hostile foreign power is actively involved in our democracy.  This should bother you. An independent investigation is the only answer.
Hillary should've been indicted. And everybody knows that.
@JamesComeyFBI was damaged because he didn't prosecute @HillaryClinton!  He wrongly protected her to save his job, thinking she would win!
That is true. What James Comey did was to stop Hillary Clinton and save the USA.
You are damaged "what's done is done" is your quote on Comey ouster but you revert to the Clinton blame game?  You are complicit in cover up
No the AG put him in a difficult position by telling him to make the decision about hilary rather then referring it to her Ass't AG.
come  put himself in this position,firing should hqve been handled better ,trump just tacky
He put himself in bad position covering and lying for obama administration hillary included
.@SenatorLankford loves himself on TV more than he loves America. He puts his ambition FIRST. #IndependentInvestigationNow
Well Trump put him out of a job at a very odd time
Pass the buck
Comey did not have the courage to bring charges against the Clinton's 
He was afraid!!
He was bad for the Bureau
That's absurd. Fox is absurd.
Partisan politics put him in this situation!
Seriously?! You don't think it had something to do with the fact that he was leading an investigation into the Trump campaign? Really?
No, Comeys ego put him exactly where he is..
Disappointing @SenatorLankford as your constituent-had hope today when speaking to man at your office that you might put country first-naive
@JonathanTurley Stop the madness! Had @POTUS fired Comey Jan w/o counsel HIS DOJ team/over likely objection of SallyYates wld be 3x outrage
Bull 
The American people lost trust in  president dt~not in FBI or J Comey.
No trust when dt LIES........constantly!
Get over the partisanship, @SenatorLankford. He was fired because #CoverUp. To frame otherwise only undermines your future career prospects.
That didn't take long blame Clinton you guys ate a joke. FAKE NEED FAKE LEADERS try again how about the truth.
How ludicrious! You just can't help yourself blaming Hillary for Comey & Trump's actions.
That's right. Blame the Clinton's campaign, you wad.
Dont retweet FoxNews Senator. It is unbecoming, I hope you have better information than they do.
Constituent here. Agree, but doing it 3 months in, instead of at the get-go, is fishy Sir!  Horrible optics, and disturbing
Special independent prosecutor, please, Mr. Republican Senator.
Grow up Republican Party. It's time to take responsibility for yourselves.
True. But I'm not sure he saw himself as a victim as much as an opportunist. Whatever the reason, he relished the spotlight a little 2 much
Wish the senate and congress would get this fired up about making America great again! #getbacktowork!
Obama and Loretta Lynch put Comey in this position let's get to real problem. Obama should have fired him when Democrats wanted it.
I implore you to support your country, not only your party. I implore you to support an independent special prosecutor to look this mess.
C'mon dude.
Your pants are on fire James!
Wow, that is a tough bunch of  to swallow
Why is member of the Senate Intelligence Committee talking to the WH when it is the WH being investigated?
Hold on. You are REALLY trying to make Trump's decision the fault of Clinton?!  Really?! Is Trump not culpable for ANY of his decisions?

For each one strongly approving of trump there are two strongly disapproving. 
OMG anyone but Drumpf.  Why not blame Mrs.Doubtfire?
It's not difficult to tell the truth.
@FBI @TheJusticeDept @potus Any and all men or women who were close to Comey must be demoted and/or fired.  They are shills and moles.
Oh, my god... That is fucking hysterical.
??????
Now it's Hillary's fault  Is there anything you won't blame that woman for?
Think about it, another career sent spiraling down the drain as touched by The Clinton's!
Report how Russian media were allowed for n meeting but not our media. Hypocrites
She didn't put him in that position, he put himself there, Martha Stewart didn't a tenth and got a lot  worse.
That much is true. Too many fine lines to walk.
Wow. Blame a woman who served our country regardless of whether u r a dem or a reb who is a private citizen but don't investigate 45
Ridiculous
Bazinga!
Ok
Comey... add him to the list of CLINTON VICTIMS. There are many
BS! Had he done his job correctly, he'd still have a job. Too many BHO scandals and missing FBI investigative reports owed to the ppl.
Obama n the democrats put Comey into that diarrheic position n left that mess to Pres Trump to handle...how reckless.
@SenatorLankford oh no you didn't just say that
Faux News
If it's not Obama's fault, now we're going to try and blame Hillary?
Delusional Sen. Langford, blaming Hillary Clinton.
Comey had the Clinton's back.

http://thebernreport.com/comey-long-history-letting-clintons-off-hook/ …

Typical disingenuous Dems. They wanted Comey fired last fall but are all aghast now.
use lube for that probe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just cast blame everywhere except with where it lies
QUITE FRANKLY, Trump FIRED HIM. AND GUESS WHY!
Really? That's your talking point?
How 'bout Loretta Lynch? She pushed him over the cliff!!
So fired because AAG on Monday said so or Trump thinking about it for months.  Which lie?  I'll wait.  Country over party.  We want truth.
No, following the law and not politics would have saved him. That and letting the DOJ do their own jobs
Comey could have dropped the Clinton mess on someone in DOJ! He didn't have to do what he did! Pretty intelligent but no common sense!

Comey had choices! He chose the wrong one!
Uh, it wasn't the Clinton campaign, it was Clinton, Lynch and most of all, Obama, he has been teflon so far but he is dirty & complicit
OMG!  It's Hillary's fault?  Jesus.
Finally! Hillary is blamed!
Lol
The Demoncrats- Create Crimes, Destroy People, BLAME TRUMP 
Ha!! I want what they're smoking! #ThisBuds4U
When will they take responsibility for any of this? The only excuse we hear is Hillary did this or Obama.
Because they did. Now maybe they will be held accountable.
So trump or his Admin have done nothing? Is that what you honestly believe? Trump is president not HRC nor is Obama.
I shall NOT RT!  DO YOUR Job, Congress or face the wrath of WTP who pay your salary, Sen Fatcat to NOT do your job & grab your goodies!
Independent special prosecutor, as Trump only wants yes men.
We have lost trust in you senator! Cleary you have put party over country!
someday people will finally realize arguing between republicans and democrats is pointless. They are all the same!
Senator will all due respect the man is beyond corrupt & either you are covering for him or clueless, does any1 tell the truth in DC
@ErengwaM @SenatorLankford @HillaryClinton no it was Hillary.
The lousy liberals crying over COMEY & TRUMP/RUSSIA investigation. When the hell is CROOKED CLINTON gonna be put under investigation-AGAIN?!
Disagree! He chose to play politics instead of indict Hillary for the facts! He put himself there, no one else!
Comey got himself fired! why would potus fire comey knowing the storm it wood cause if he was guilty ofanyrhing He wouldn't he's notguilty!
 thats right! It's all Hillary's fault.  
Comey should have lost his job because he went beyond what his job description allowed.
FBI insiders say they believe James Comey was fired because he would not end Russia investigation, Trump demanded he stop digging
He could have done the right thing, and he would still be the FBI Director.  All his troubles his own fault.
A very good servant of the ppl?! You're a joke, Comey handled investigation politically! Dont vote for Lankford ppl of OK!
So @TheJuanWilliams is Rosenstein just a puppet now? A respected career prosecutor for 30 years and he shows up just to placate Trump? C'mon
History is not going to be kind to you Fox News. You abetted a traitor! #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Every time you think Fox can't get more ridiculous...
He fired himself for sharing his opinions
Whoa!  That was impressive. We are firing him because of how he dealt with HRCand she made him do it.  Victim blaming much?
Jeez. Seriously?
BEEN CALLED OUT FOR BAD THINGS ON BOTH SIDE.  HES FLAT OUT TOO WISHY WASHY " TO SERVE AS FBI DIRECTOR.  INVESTIGATIONS BROUGHT NO EVIDENCE
Pfft
Another ruined human ...Hillary has that kind of effect on people...dead ...ruined...jailed. Count your blessings Comey.
Do the right thing be a man do your job.

Timing on Comey release is non-issue fired is fired all the is wrong with Washington DC is what your reporting today. PERIOD
Nice to hear R Senator make sense re Hillary's fault. Rush said same on radio today.  @rushlimbaugh
https://twitter.com/mviser/status/862342914172735488 …  Why WASN'T American media allowed in? Curiouser and Curiouser...
If no subpoena for serial liar Susan Rice, Lynch, Abedin then it's a scam
People say it's Called a "Understanding Trump Masterpiece 5 Star Book" 
I wonder how people survive on this other planet Fox has created. Certainly, civilization couldn't! .
Sure let's focus on Hillary, not the imploding corrupt current administration and it's crazy daily fallout.


The "Russian Collusion BIGFOOT" with his 72 virgins just ran across the street Snowflakes.......Better go chase him!!!! There he goes!!! 
https://twitter.com/mviser/status/862342914172735488 … Clearly, there is nothing to see, that's why American media was excluded but Russian media was included.
She is unbelievable he just said there no Russian conclusion between the president Trump he said there is no crime against Trump! She says..
Jonathan Turley just said to her no collusion on Trump campaign! He said it 2 time! Then she that Comey was fired for protection of Trump..
He knew better no excuses for his gutless approach
It's Hillary's fault I had to fire Comey
Keyword:,damage,true, should hv been gone a long while ago
When are you folks going to stop trying to put this on HRC?
He who covers his sins will not prosper, but whoever confesses & forsakes them will have mercy. -Proverbs 28:13
He just became eragent. The power went to his head.
Republican Senior Advisor--I have never seen anything like this. I genuinely do not think this is a mentally healthy president,”
deflect and blame Dems, you people are pathetic
See my bio
so you're admitting you're pathetic? I don't understand?
Plenty of American citizens tweeted to FBI to fire Comey! He was hot/cold wishy washy!
Bayrock (Russian) had its office on the 24th floor of Trump Tower and calls the Trump Organization a “strategic partner”.
Now they're blaming Clinton for Comey being fired? Does the GOP have no shame? Imagine the GOP outcry if Clinton was POTUS & fired Comey!
Geez..thats stupid too
Trump-I have nothing to do with Russia, No deals, No loans, No NOTHING! uhm
sons call their Father a liar, say, we do have ties with Russia
https://twitter.com/mviser/status/862342914172735488 …  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaCollusion
It is outrageous that Russian media were allowed into the Oval Office, but American media were not. https://twitter.com/paleofuture/status/862330774644637696 …
It takes real political talent to find a way to blame HRC for Trump firing Comey yesterday - Sad
That is hilarious. Apparently, it's okay to say anything these days, if you're a politician, that would get you laughed at anywhere else.
Fox news should be completely shut down. Just a bunch of liars and sexual predators.
This is absurd!  Comedy worked for the president, through gh@justice dept.  the prez decides when to fire, not Dems-or, even, congress
Trump did not end any investigation-either by congress or justice dept.  Comey shot himself in the foot-prez doesn't need to check with Dems
#comrade central #FoxNews for the latest on your #RussianAmericanPresident all pro #Russia all the time.
