Lebron seriously like the NBA’s Dad.
*owner
He has embraced this role in the past few years. A lot of these young players look up to him...Lonzo, DSJ, Nance, Markannen, Simmons etc...
He really is a great role model, ambassador and face of the NBA.
Remove jerry west from the logo and let them put @KingJames
Bruh I have no doubt the logo will be changed in the next few years. It’ll be either Lebron or MJ. No other player is good enough or popular enough with fans. Kobe comes to mind (popular)...but his checkered off the court history would be a PR problem for the squeaky clean NBA
NBA twitter reaction when Jaylen walked off the court on his own 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC .... Here’s the link to the full song https://open.spotify.com/track/3LyNmCPzlP0KQKHpKmE8F2?si=6J3b6q3rTamxOheSgG_AdA …)



This is why I Fck with Lebron even tho I’m a Celtics fan. I Just can’t stand his fans. His fans will call him the GOAT if he loses the next 10 finals
Any team would lose 10 straight finals to the warriors.. Jordan beat not one team in his whole career that was better than the warriors
Lmao.. yeah he lost to the spurs with 4 hall of famers all in their prime by himself with scrubs, then he lost to the mags who beat those spurs and lakers with Kobe, and then the spurs again with kawhi and those 4 hall of famers lol..
So Lebrons the GOAT but yet when he loses it’s because he lost to the best teams ever? Lmao it’s much easier to respect the guy that’s never lost than make a excuse each time the other guy lost. But keep gagging on bron bron nuts anyway
Pippen saved Jordan, pippen never got hurt, phil Jackson never got fired, rodman did it all, the competition in the finals had no comparison to what lebrons n faces
Shout out to Minnesota fans for the great sportsmanship
Too bad the Celtics can’t do the same as they booed bron after his injury last game they met
not the same lvl of injury man he just tweaked his ankle also lebron is known for basically never getting hurt
Cause you could tell at the moment he was limping
The difference is one was real and the other is fake
After the fact not in the moment, this is simple shit to understand
You spelled his name wrong.




@pattyye Lebron to celtics confirmed
He going to the Lakers watch!!!!
jaylen dummy



helps if you spell it rightt
Man i can't say how much I respect @KingJames not only a @celtics fan but as a fan of the @NBA you may not be on my team sir, but you represent the league like a gentleman. @FCHWPO jaylen brown hope you're doing well sir! #BeastFromTheEast #goingallin #Celtics
Exactly lol
You guys have the dumbest comments on a real situation
So many petty people on here. SO WHAT if he spelled his name wrong, it’s the sentiment that’s important. Always have to find something to b**ch about. Smh
You took the words right out of my tweet. Get over it people!
*Jaylen put respect on his name
thanks labron 
he got the name wrong but the thoughts and prayers are really what matters at this point
Ahh thoughts and prayers. The most meaningless of internet gestures
LMFAO
Better hope he doesnt see you in the playoffs
Facts!!
Jaylen* big bro!
Lmfao are you done ?
are you trolling lil bro  ?

That fall was hard to watch. Respect lebron for looking out      Praying for jb! Boston strong
I’m the NBA’s Dad
Hate or love LBJ they man has an amazing heart

Typical classy gesture from LeBron to a player who has disrespected him/his organization time and time again
What has Jaylen Brown ever done to the cavs or Lebron?
Off the top my head “he’s just a regular guy” Jaylen re: LeBron in the playoffs last year.. “they are a team in the eastern conference” Jaylen on facing the Cavs after LBJ bitched them in the playoffs last year 
"Why should I be amazed to play against him..he put his pants on the same way as I do!" He could have kept it classy or don't say anything at all
It's Jaylen, LeRon #SHEEEESH

It's Jaylen
#Respect #Salute  Praying for You Jaylen Brown @FCHWPO
*jaylen
but “thoughts and prayers” aren’t enough. we should ban rims.
Jaylen*
Not how you spell his name
Jaylen
Jaylen*
Jaylen Brown 
@jge18_ Spell his name right, sheeesshh
You spelled his name wrong, sneak dissing I see...
Jaylen*
Can't hate the king class act good man great player
Jaylen*
That was some scary fall 
Who tf is Jalen Brown lmao
Jaylen*
Quite a#
Hay can you do a game play on Minecraft
It still disgusts me that the celtics fans cheered when LeBron tweaked his ankle during the game a few weeks ago. You should never wish an  injury on a player it is just wrong. Like for example, I do not like Kevin Durant but I would never wish for him to get injured.
Glad to see you, Mr LeBron James,express your faith in Christ Jesus, more freely...
#RESPECT
it’s jaylen buddy.

Happy to see  *Jaylen Brown walk off 
LBJ, That’s what leaders do! Am I my brother’s keeper? -Yes I am!!! 
Humildad es lo que caracteriza a este fenómeno de los tiempos modernos @henry_soriano @alexisroamed
What’s up Lebron
jaylen*
It’s Jaylen but appreciate the sentiment
The best player in the world, showing concern and respect for the next best player in the world. (I'm exaggerating, but Jaylen gonna be a top player in a few years.)

Either way, classy move Lebron. I might hate you for being in my team's way, but I have nothing but respect.
gthyjukl
Jaylen*
U are the king   Love how u embrace the game and give back its why  ur the best
Jaylen, get it right.
Long live the em effin King.
Hi Dad! How many retweets for you to fly me out in there and meet your son bronny? I really want to see him :----(
Bron bron u the man...
Wonder how many people Will continue to correct his misspelling??? 
The Godfather...but in a good way...
And this is why I love watching you guys play so much love and respect for one another when something scary happens true sportsmanship
bruh his name is Jaylen lol
Soon to be L.A.Bron
This is another reason why I love this man! No matter what he's always keep it classy & he care about his fellow players in the league! Even though Jaylen was being an arrogant guy talking mess about LeBron a year or so ago
Jaylen*
Everybody is ignoring the miss spelling of Jaylens name
Thanks LeBron for your kind works to Jalen Brown. I am a Celtic fan but I see you as an example to people. May God bless you and your family. From Puerto Rico wishing you the best life can offer you.
He’s always been like that!! A true leader!
Jalen , falen, jaylen doesn’t matter Cavs in 4
Put some respect on his name and spell it right.
His name is spelled JAYLEN ya bum.
It’s  jaylen
Jaylen
Goat
*Jaylen
Jaylen*
Fraud
Jaylen*
Commissioner James making the NBA even better
Thanks Lebron, any chance you come play for the Celtics?
It’s Jaylen, not Jalen.
Damn, how come we only pray when something really bad happens? 
I'm gonna go ahead and say that aside from almost killing himself, that Jaylen drive and dunk was so fuckin' dope.
Yeah that was scary as hell
I'm sorry man
no thoughts?
Prayers sent to you right now and up Jalen Brown!!!! Glad to see you walk off on your own  TYPE BEAT
Plz like
Boston is just so cursed with all these injuries 

Listen and Repost my song " Dark Skies" #np on #SoundCloud  https://soundcloud.com/oey242/dark-skies-prod-by-wakeupwes …
would mean more if you took the time to spell his name right

Jaylen* stay in school kids
Hey learn to spell their name before you tweet to them.
swear
“Jalen”
Thank God he is OK.
You misspelled his name.



Why you gotta take things so far.

jaylen*
really
had to be that guy 
Jaylen* but you're the goat so it's fine
It's not fine and he's not the Goat.
He is lol
Its really
DANG KING JAMES ARE U IN NBA BECUASE IF U ARE THEN I IF I WAS THEN I WILL DUNK ON U DO U KNOW ME I KNOW UR DAD
I am praying for your coach and you the world is happy of what u doing for African Americans sending the to college followback God bless bro
nhj

God bless
will hurt away from NBA
Hahahaha


It really disturbing that people are more concerned with the spelling of the name, and not the kind sentiment. I'm glad you all are so perfect, and have never made a mistake.
Praise God
You didn't even spell his name right lmao
Pls send me some of your prayers
How about prayers for Steph? 
Amen and 
Cool 
That is leadership, he is tremendous, beyond basketball.
Thanks for being so generous. 

P.S. Its spelled Jaylen

P.P.S. Nice job in the all star game

P.P.P.S I know I'm late,but....
Sometimes I laugh but there’s moments that touch the hart line when respect is giving to others that’s why you the best in my book
Are you sure thoughts and prayers are enough? If God can’t help with gun violence, how is he going to your friend Jaylen Brown?
LBJ you a real nicca!! Ball out and keep yo ear to the skreets Big Homie.
That was a Flagrant Foul. Big fan of KU's Graham- but that was Not a play on the ball.  What did you see?
Thanks LaBron, that means a lot to us Cs fans.
Tweet of the day on http://sportofusa.com  #NBA
Do NOT come to the Lakers. We don’t want you
Sincerely, 
me and every Lakers fan I know.
Jaylen* though cmon king
Fuh Real GLORY B TO THE G.O.D
Trust the process come to philly we need u #PhillyWantsLeBron
Jaylen*
Spelt his name wrong “jalen “ instead of “Jaylen” but still better than Stephen A. Smith who calls Jae Crowder, Jamie Crowder
Class act tweet right there labron!! Not a cavs fan but...its class anyways!!
Jaylen

hit me up for cheap, quality beats! prices are negotiable and always cheap!
#BrontoDenver
You can’t say NBA without thinking about LeBron James!
Jaylen*
Came back soon
But where was this tweet when @satoransky fell ?
jaylen*
Jaylen*
Jalen Brown nice dunk but I'm glad u okay
U mean Jaylen*
我错了，哥
滚
jaylen**
Should’ve probably learned how to spell his name before this
#SHARING THE CHAMPIONSHIP GAME RULES FOR LIFE AND BASKETBALL!
RULE NO.1  COMMUNICATION!
GAMES & LIFE ARE WON OR LOSS BECAUSE OF COMMUNICATION!
COACH O-WENS SR.
What are your thoughts on the JuJu smith topic of you joining the Steelers @KingJames

James Brown is sick? This is a mans world 
Who’s Jalen?
Concerned King

#classact don’t ever shut up and just dribble. Love this cross team support and love.
Força Brown!
Jaylen* u still goat tho
He is going to rip your head off for the mispelling. For future references it’s Jaylen and Jayson, when they take the East back this year
It's LBJ's fault. NBA'ers tryin' 2 b like him. Add captions after dunk, "Kids, don't try to be like me". Nvr wanted 2 b Like Mike. But, I'd LIKE 2 c James n LAKERS jersey. The game's Best Player EVER! should wear the jersey of the NBA's Best Franchise. No plug 4 LA. A VOTE 4 LBJ.

If a cavs player got injured celtikkk fans be so happy and cheering
Goat

You spelled Jaylen’s name wrong smh
*Jaylen

Jaylen
Class act off the court.
You are all class.  Great basketball player but greater man.  Keep doing what you do.
That's how it's done. #suckitup
Need attention brought to bare in Wausau Wisconsin at the footlocker/east bay warehouse, using the N word. Let them know and show support poc in this area that the N #itsnotok,
Peace&love
Hahaha is this fool serious!? I always just read this kind of stuff and assume and pray that the person is being sarcastic because I don’t want to think humanity is this dumb but clearly we are. ON WHAT  DO YOU THINK #lebron just pulling up to the mall cuz some said N*****!?
Hope He is Ok.
Yeah..............
Just doing what Mj Magic Kobe has done in the pass now he the OG #Salute
看不懂怎么办
老猩下午好
Also go get treated for Scabies you contracted it somewhere and it's defeating your playing ability and thinning you out ask the dr for 5% permetherin cream and Bactrim to get ya legs back right I hear your concerns that only your heart know it's nothing u did it's a outbreak
