"It should be like the third quarter when I wake up."
Not even the @STVMAthletics DII State Semifinal game will take away from @KingJames' pregame nap. 
@Gameonysus Me and @KingJames take our nap time seriously!
Hey come play in Boston! We will win championship every year till u retire. Oh and come off the bench. Until playoffs. That way u can prolong ur career.... just saying it’s the smart play. Brown Tatum r beasts and they have so many picks still
@ezdeanfassassi secrets to his longevity, I figured it out! Naps!!!!
SMDH tell em how you really do it Bron! 

Cutie
Winners!

why arent u here?
Lebron to the Celtics confirmed
Yep
Lj3 ....14 year old
Lj3 14 year old
Remember when you faced Roger Bacon, in the state title game!!!
I love  this man lebron James.. for me he is the number 1 over all player in the world... i believe on him no matter what happen in the court... god bless u lebron
I painted this for Savannah & LeBron's personal collection. Its 3ft x 4ft (life-size)...I need your assistance in getting this to them...Stephen A. retweeted it for me, he loves it  Thanks a Million & message me for details & commissions 


Love me King James
 is Celtics
My boy the king just take your time with the young boy its a team ok big bro

SHAAAAVE!!!
When are you going to shave?
I am a Chinese.There are so many chinese people support you
no tt，no fail
What’s the release date on the orange box ?
We need Ante !!! TT can't help us win!!
@PrimeDelonte  will wake up .. he is your dad
Only you lmao

Can you hire My Mom classmate #MelvinHunt back on to the Cavs. He's a Great Coach
Chinese fans is here。
I feel like I should go straight to the NBA... Last 4 years has been Hell Mentally, Physically, and Emotionally. I feel like a deserve a Tryout or Practice for a NBA Team #NoPicks
@richthekid wants to send you a copy of his album
 excuse me, you’re not ever allowed to use a four leaf clover unless you become a Celtic 
#KingJames
Nice! #STVMFamily #BleedGreen #ForeverIrish
Yo Consequences Pt.1 EP OUT RIGHT NOW #music #SoundCloud
Yo man hmu if you need someone to work on your cover art, example provided

What channel is the game on
@FOXSportsOH @STVMAthletics lmao oo
@FOXSportsOH @STVMAthletics yuhhhhh
Much love
I love LBJ.   America needs to be grateful for him agreeing to play Basketball . He has about 1 million children in the Akron area that he helps. Yes, his  is as big as his lateral jump.
Oh shit, Lebron to the Celtics #confirmed

Check this out Retweet if you like it http://youtu.be/7iurQ3vGJf8   Follow us back
Oh Lebron! My son from Texas is turning 30 today! His wife surprised with him with tickets to see you play in Cleveland next Friday the 30th! He has followed you forever! Hope you will wish him a Happy 30 next Friday! @kHINEY23
Bron bron a good dude man and genuine,if you can respect that y'all whole perspective is whack!
Bet
Good job
Philadelphia!!!

Codiene Crazy will forever be a classic @1future 

Stick it in me daddy.

Bruh, I feel you. There’s nothing like a good afternoon nap. #donotdisturb

There you go LeGOAT
@ogxhixho
Can't wait when you get your 4th title this June.
You gonna be waiting a lot longer than that
@FOXSportsOH @STVMAthletics eres el mejor jugador del mundo ,eres mi admiración ,el mejor del mundo para mí .team James el mejor
Thank you for being a real one... never forgot where u came from...
Adopt me
Gud luck to our team #KINGJAMES23
From the Ursuline Fighting Irish to St. Vincent-St. Mary Fighting Irish  GO IRISH!
Real talk u a hoe for not wishing Kyrie Happy Birthday
It's a requirement for him to do that didnt know?
That was his partner in crime for 3yrs and Kyrie secured him his 3rd ring
They both worked for that ring from the block to the shot hell even kevin love played a part in it. "Kyrie secured him his 3rd ring". All of them played a part in it. Even if kyrie missed that shot game still tied so who's to say they would of still won or lost.
what if Lebron buys Sacramento kings then move it to Akron, then call it the Akron Kings
Well guess what the inner #IrishPride woke me up 2 mins before tipoff anyways! Let’s go Irish  TYPE BEAT
Professor Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, his family confirmed. TYPE BEAT 
Lebron to the Celtics confirmed 


Quick question, can I rub you’re chest?

Who they playing
LeBron to Celtics confirmed


Listen to my song "Forever Young and Rich" ft @jaghuligin  Follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you love my music        https://soundcloud.com/oey242/forever-young-and-rich-ft-jaghuligin-prod-by-madeinqc …


You ain’t slick

Peep 

