Lol, wtf is that you joke!
Suacy tho

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DWZa0naW0AA4u9z.jpg:large …
So sick
LeBron and Westbrook will team up that isn't fair
Love these!
I was listening to some Elders reminisce about your Game. They said you can Post up anybody. They said that you come and play hard every night. They was like your teammates be waiting on you to do everything. They said you playing at a High Level; Your Teammates playing average
#TrueToAtlanta
Would LOVE to get a pair of these for my son. He just found out, like you, that he will be a father for the 3rd time. He’s a great and loving dad, a laborer and an extremely hard worker.
Nike — top of the line shoe is produced for $33 making that a markup of almost 600 percent.
My son would be happy to have a pair of these!! May have to look into getting him a pair!!!
2010-2014 seasons, you was the Bad Guy #Pressure
@KingJames
Angry Birds version?? 
First thing comes to my mind is all the poor kids who can't afford the rich man's shoes.

这双鞋好看

Not buying.
Fugly AF, Fitting for a f*cktard! #MillionaireCrybaby

#NiceShoes Idol Bron! Congrats for your team 4 straight wins in a row
#StriveForGreatness
SWEET
Dem bro they are cool
I like them
Stupid looking
Will NEVER be as cool or as epic as Jordan's
Lebron selling shoes. Hey people you gotta have these.   
@pagaran_james puhon love palitan taka ana

Shoe look GAY
TIME TO WAKE UP! It was your Hillary & Obama who sold Uranium to Russia, Colluded with a Russian spy to create a fake Dossier to get a FISA warrant to spy on Candidate Trump to stop him from winning the Presidency so their Corruption wouldn't be uncovered
EPIC
Lebron shoes

Nice
Love this sneaks
Cool.
These are the ones 
Top
First thing this comes to mind is Arizona Cardinals
that‘s really impressive
Nice! But sad the shoes can't elevate you to GOAT status. The path is still destroying the opposition in front of u and leaving no doubt ur the best during ur time. That's me quoting MJ, sort of
@ATLHawks 
Please design uniforms around these shoes. We would buy the gear like crazy. Thank you.
The angry bird shoe 
I Love That Style
Damn I want those.
Nice
#watahtay
@Yeahhuh
Nice shoes
These 
Dope
☇
Release this king they're be a big shoe
Joe is a HOF
......

Breaking News! LeBron, says he's not leaving, Cleveland!
Yeah
The color is raw... I'm looking for him to pay tribute, to the team he play for... Everything else don't matter! Cavs, wine & gold!
These are 
Play this in practice #banger
I like these shoes!!!
YELP BRON DEM SHOES ARE EVERYTHING. SEEN THEM LAST NIGHT AT THE GAME IN ATLANTA....BTW, GREAT WIN LAST NIGHT. MOSTLY EVERYBODY IN PHILIPS ARENA WERE CAVS FANS....LOL... I THOUGHT I WAS GONNA BE ONE OF THE FEW BUT GOT PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! U R LOVED DUDE!!
Wow

They are fire, but wats up with the white sole. Make them black
Thems look like granny knit shoes.
Like these
He makes Nike make him shoes with thicker soles so he has a height advantage. He is a weenie no one want to play with him...He is to cocky! I don't even like watching you play. It's boring. To watch a one man team. LeBron thinks he's king...He just knows how to play with balls
A simple word to say about them Lebron’s is...... NASTY!!!!!!!
Would match if he wore a Houston Rockets uniform
I need time so that I can tell the truth
@KingJames send me a pair of shoes to wear for my post season PLEASE  They are Fire 
@TreyMoney00 @ChrisRieker I like these ones!
these are fire.
Louisville Cardinals should wear these
Totally agree
Trash。
I just don't like the straps but I like them
Str8 flames!!
Beautiful
everytime im in the A .they treat me like im deion .GG @ShyGlizzy
Great game!
Gorgeous!
i also want these shoes
Lebron james + toronto raptors= golden dynasty champions 2018-2019 and beyond.
Illmatic
@shanedempseyy  @JohnEgan1111  we need these bad boys
Sick!
Dope!
 oh my damn! @KingJames
Man shoe game is on point 
Yes
They size 15 Quavo u lil I wear a 15 thou  @KingJames
Wonder if Quavo was at the game asking for these too
Fix free throws
@ctwilson81  i need these in my liiiife boi
Those are fire

Now theses are fresh

So y’all can tell me if I’m going crazy or not... but... #NBAKicks
you're crazy lol
100%
Lebron to Houston confirmed.
@DeionSanders looks a lot like yours huh
Duh it's called paying homage SMDH

Can't stand those Velcro straps!
nike needa make more LBJ 15's with the side swoosh  the blue and yellow ones were better than these
Prepared to be crossed up I see

Looks like Deion’s.
Cool shoes.

Clean
Lol. Tried to bite the Deion's.

