hey I’m in Chicago too do you have brunch plans
Hey I’m in Chicago. No brunch plans. Wanna hang out?


  How about we deliver some real Chicago pizza?

Lol bro its sooooo many options & you go for @BlazePizza 
he owns it g
still better pizza lol
Obviously, you don’t understand how marketing works.  He’s trying to get people to go there... not eat it.
you don't get how the Internet works


#NeverForget
You know who else got in trouble for a similar tweet...
@realDonaldTrump @BarstoolBigCat
I haven’t given it a chance yet
What are you waiting for?! Come check us out!
@BlazePizza recommend your best pie I will order it now
We'll do you one better. Here's @KingJames exact order.
Ordered!
Woo! Hope you love it!
Say my name at the door fam

greatest ever to touch a basketball blessed to watch u play dad
How good is @BlazePizza ??
10/10! Come check us out some time Dorin!
Will do!
Awesome! Can't wait to see you!
Seriously? You should hook him up with delivery. Pizza for The King!
How dare you get to Chicago and go to your chain pizza joint instead of @LouMalnatis ??? You might be good at basketball but you better get your priorities straight.
Come to my crib I got tombstones in the freezer

Ur at the best pizza city in the world and u wanna eat at your shitty chain restaurant ? #QuestionGreatness
Definitely going to giordanos
Lebron the piZza GOAT
The #MVPizza. 
That’s right! Most vicious pizza 
Your dunk last night was AMAZING, King!
The finesse and power on this Bron dunk just makes me hard as a rock bro. Possibly the best dunk of his career. There's nothing like watching the King fly and glide in the air. It's poetry in motion, an absolute masterpiece.…
Pause
@KingJames I’m a huge fan lebron! My parents own a restaurant in Chicago too!!! It’s called Blaze-N-Grill you should definitely check that out!
Lebron it’s god
Why don’t you open a blaze on Long Island I’m sure it would do well
I’m serious I’ve heard you have great pizza why not expand...
We're working on it! Check out our website to find the location nearest you >> http://blazepizza.com/locations 
Thank you I know you have a few but not on the east end where I’m located but I’m sure in time I’ll be trying it myself
You inspired me
That's what we like to hear!
Bro, sounds like you need a partner to go to chow town with...
He might. You should come through.
Hey LeBron, me and my friends are in Chicago this weekend... any extra tickets? We’d like to see the goat hoop 
L

W
can you drop the location of the one you’re going too and the meals on me?
i’ll buy
hello Lebron James let me know if you want to hang out and drink some beers tomorrow morning
Yessssss I wanted that tonight too.  @BlazePizza I have BOGO coupon.
Yes! I was fully prepared to go halfsies with him on two blaze 
What's your fav type of pizza?
Just ate there for the first time ever a couple hours ago. Built my own at the one in Milwaukee in Locust and Oakland
Nice! What kind of pizza did you make?
Did a build your own, it was great. Original sauce, pepperoni, bacon, oregano, cherry tomatoes, spinach and of course gotta dip your pizza in ranch before you take a bite!
Yum! Sounds incredible! We hope to see you again soon!
Definitely, when I have another cheat day lol
@norvice1 where's blaze Pizza at?
Check out our website to find the location nearest you >> http://blazepizza.com/locations 
Wait til you try Roma’s in philly,   
Couldn’t even shoutout franks for the fam?
We ain’t landing the king with franks, he’ll sign a 3 year deal after a Roma’s n delis trip with this guy tho
if you come to the location on belmont, it's on me!!
stop trying to steal our king

你以为你是逼哥吗 想干嘛敢打
Loyola?!?
Come to Lao Sze Chuan at 8. I made reservations but I’d be happy to add one more
Which one King? I’m dt and in for a slice!
@CJ_Dick go spit on him for me bud
If I see him out and about I got you
lol as if you’d have the balls to do that that dudes a freaking monster of a man
Don’t you tell me what I will or won’t do
Well why not? This is ‘Merica my guy! YEE YEE
Yucky... plz stop tweeting
No way man. I’m enjoying this convo. What’s wrong? What’d I do wrong?
Aren’t you proud to be an American?
Blaze pizza ins Chicago is so awesome, I go two times a week it has replaced my other pizza favorites and I know pizza. Lol
That's what we like to hear Chelley! Glad you're a fan!
Fam, Blaze Pizza??? Please go to Lou’s
@OptimusTyler @j_dizzle35 @Ndevries9
Good to see @KingJames reads my tweets
@AYO_its_chris
i’m at blaze pizza
Man , my birthday is in a month and I’m yo biggest fan would love to see you play live once !
We need one in Nashville, Tennessee
We'll see what we can do!
 thank you
It’s so good, KJ! Tried it this week. 
Nice! What kind of pizza did you make?
I had Link In and my husband had a BYO. Both were great. Original crust is fantastic. 
Great to hear! We hope to see you guys again soon!
Is there a @BlazePizza in Houston?
Yep! Check out our website to find the location nearest you >> http://blazepizza.com/locations 
Thanks! I'll check it out this week!
Awesome! We can't wait to see you!
Come check out the one in Lincoln!
Méteme tu miembro enorme y negro bien el orto.
do you want to hangout
Roll through to Bar Louie tomorrow guaranteed rager #StPattysDay
@IbrahimBhatti52 advertising
He’s an investor, right?
Yeah! Investor, gets paid for endorsements, and I'm pretty sure he owns the rights to some franchises, too. I bet he's trying to outdo @SHAQ
This sounds like a 2K tweet
Where you at fam
I know you are better then this..... Please get some real pizza
This tweet is equivalent to...
Get some Lou mal’s instead
OH MY FOD
Good stuff LeBron. always try to get Blaze and not Piology since I found out you owe Blaze ad KD owns Piology.
Lebron let's get some pizza my man
Come to the one in Lakeview I got you.
Tryna chill?
Bron me and the boys are there for break, pizza on you???
It’s in Champaign now, you weren’t playing that’s some good stuff
Come thru bro lets chill
I’m eating it rn
We need some of that pizza in #TheLand
Scoop me up fam
I'm addicted to Blaze Pizza too!
We don't see anything wrong with that. 
pizza would be so good its the best food on the planet i think
Agreed.
Build your own and get that garlic pesto Bron.

@BlazePizza  vegan options?
We just moved to Jacksonville and drove by one!! We will have to check it out
Come check us out!
You come to Chicago for pizza that goes in a rotary oven for 2 minutes. What???
(he owns blaze pizza)

We just ate dinner there. It was pretty, pretty, pretty.....good.
Woo! Thanks for stopping by!
@BlazePizza is the best!

Any chance of you branching out overseas ?? We've had dominos and pizza hut dominate for some time. A new face would be welcome!! 
We don’t have any immediate plans to expand, but we hope to soon! Check out our website for future openings: http://bit.ly/1X4Ohgh 
Let me know when you do because I have a few contacts, including myself who would be interesting in franchising .... #StriveForGreatness
Enjoy your shitty pizza!
who do u think u areeeee talking about blaze like that bro. go eat a twix
1. I think you mean go eat a Snickers. 2. Blaze Pizza sucks.
what do you order there
The #MVPizza.
this looks fire. gonna have to get it next time i’m at disney springs
Make a stop on the one in Cermak and Harlem Ave. it's a couple of miles out of downtown but you'll love it there
I wish I was downtown. Love to meet Bron.
@maevee_degnan

And they have vegan options.
Yes! We have vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free options!
I’ve never been before. Any recommendations for a first-timer like me?
We recommend getting a Build Your Own so you can create your perfect pizza!
That's the best
Hope to see you soon, Matt!
ITS SO GOOD HONESTLY THE BEST PIZZA
You're the best! Thanks for the love!
It’s good
We agree.
@BlazePizza is delicious! I really appreciate that they offer gluten free crust AND vegan cheese! Makes pizza an option when I have a #CheatDay
We want to make sure everyone can enjoy our delicious pizza!
 – at Blaze Pizza
Hope you enjoyed, JB!
We have a Blaze here in Morrisville, NC. Made the mistake of tryin to get in on National Pi Day, NO WAY! Will have to make a return visit!
Sorry you had such a long wait! People sure do love a good deal! Come back another time to try us out!
Just Opened in Buffalo NY ... Superb !!!
See you soon!
There's a Blaze app!?
Yep! Download it and you can earn free pizza, plus you get a free drink just for signing up!
I eat there 3x a week!
There's no such thing as too much pizza! Thanks for the love!
Your welcome. Your product is phenomenal! Palm Beach Gardens, FL location

Indians blew a 3-2 lead. People forget that
*3-1
And a 3-2. Didn’t wana dig too deep
Try digging another hole dude
@tnoelten10  and he not even having the best pizza in Chicago
Very true!
@BlazePizza. Just opened in STL
Kirkwood Mo. @BlazePizza
Please build one in Myrtle Beach, SC  
We'll check it out!
I love me some @BlazePizza! Average a visit a week!
There's no such thing as too much pizza!
We are getting an @BlazePizza in Mt. Pleasant, SC. Can't wait to try it
We can't wait to see you!
Hey LeBron, it's my birthday. Let's hang out grab some dinner and drink some wine!
Happy birthday! We hope you celebrate with a pizza party!
@El_Veezy that’s another 50 opened stores
LeBron James is opening up 82 blaze pizzas every season  there’s 3 in Denver alone now lmao
We tried it for the first time last weekend! It was SO good!! We were very pleased with the price, service, and pizza size!! We'll be going back for sure! 
Great to hear Bre! Thanks for the love! We hope to see you again soon!
Lan’s Old Town is where it’s at tonight, Bron!
Party at @LUXBARChicago
@bbypersia
@woodtofill you know what to do
on my way
Really??? BlazePizza... I'm from Chicago and never had it.
Come check us out!
We need one in Houston big dawg
We have locations in Houston! Check out our website to find the location nearest you >> http://blazepizza.com/locations 
#getit
Nailed it.
Just blaze
When I come to Chicago I'm gonna try it
You don't have to wait till then! We've got over 250 locations across the US and Canada! Check out our website to find the location nearest you >> http://blazepizza.com/locations 
I'm in Massachusetts/rhodeisland Blazey
Spare me one. Send it here to the Philippines.
what about carbs 
I'd rather eat DiGiornos than eat your shit pizza. #cubsWS2016
Broooo cmon.....Blaze Pizza in Chicago you’re killing me
Lebron! We have one connected to the Presidential Towers! It’s on the corner of Madison and Clinton (also happy and healthy) but you should stop in. #Kings #kingsdokingthings
I’ve had it... might wanna invest in something else.. especially in Chicago or New York they’ll throw that busted ass in the trash
Drop a pin, I’ll be right there
We got one at Staples Bron. Come to the @Lakers
Everyone in Chicago headed to blaze pizza right now to see lebron
Headed there in 15 mins, wanna chill
Let’s go post up at Blaze Pizza @understander_of
Which one you going to lmk
Hey want to come to Hamilton with me tonight ?
@muDARTH_VADER and I will meet you there
@desmeh @stylenease please go eat lebron james pizza for me this weekend
Dam i ain’t going lie, I thought you was resting tomorrow lol
@kingjames @BlazePizza is the best! #toledo
Come to Evanston!
get dat money king
WHICH 1
Wya 
Put one downtown bruh
Let me know 
Grab me a slice too please 
Omg you’re in Chicago!!!!
Blaze Pizza is good stuff, LBJ! Get after it there tonight! 
lou's
Can't wait until new location comes to st Louis, kirkwood MO is about 40min away from me. looking fwd to it
I’m going to be there too! Want to meet for dinner fam? It’s on me
Stay healthy  that dunk was crazy 
YOOOO BLAZE IS FIRE WELCOME TO CHICAGO! GREATEST CITY IN THE WORLD
Meet ya there goat
Got em last night
you better hit pizza castle

if he don’t he tweaking tell me na
Hell yea that’s the spot
You gotta get the app! Earn that flame
Pro tip.
Seasoned vet here 

Hey can we go together
Come through!
Can I get it for free then? 
Why did this tweet actually make me decide to eat blaze pizza today
Bc you know how delicious it is!
It is delicious but how many days in a row do I have to eat at blaze in order to get a @KingJames jersey?! I’ll take a picture of my receipt each time and post it!
Of Alllll The Options In Chicago U Wanna Bring Up Blaze Pizza  How Much They Paying You??
You do know that he owns a stake in Blaze right?
Well That Explains It
man if we could get @KingJames to experience how @AzzipTweets puts Blaze to shame 
he's invested in blaze though right?
yeahhh for now
@LouMalnatis is better
they both shitty af giordanos is best
Tfti
You're always invited. Come make some pizza with us!
Only if Lebron is there
You never know when or where he might show up.
My husband & I love their pizza, I’m so grateful there’s a location in Philly!
Don’t forget it’s Friday and Lentsure there plenty of meat free options though
Man you should come show some love to Dayton Ohio man! Have lots of fans out this way!
@BlazePizza get a response for me guys!
@Mitch_Kaz
Pizzas on me Bron just give me a time #SHEESH
@itskeno
Slllllaaaayyyy Kingggg
@GuilhermeMoutin
I was just there. Looks pretty good.
Nice! What toppings did you go with?
Meat Eater and Link In, figured we'd try out your recipes before building our own. First slice is pretty good!
Can't go wrong with either! Thanks for stopping by!
@LeKwamJames 
Fammmm
There's like 84739 of em out here tho 
Fill up your gas tank!!
Same
Don’t ever talk to that guy on Twitter 
You must have never tried that . it's 
I tried it before and it is. I’m not even gonna lie 

Ad?
He doesn’t have to put ad since he is an owner and not getting paid for tweet
Al liq
I didn't say he has to put ad. I said the post is an ad.
Fake news
