All of the angles... of @KingJames' thunderous SLAM in Portland! 
U lost g
Mans got 3 rings and K-Love is out


dude you’re a kobeRAPIST fan. stop it
And you won't even make it to Juco... lmfao
ok julius randle
Wait i forget, how many all stars randle been in ? How many playoff games ?
But you lost the game
But your account is based on a bust
That bust just handed Cleveland an L.
Nah. It was Julius Randle
Randle > bron
Yeah. Sure. If you're deaf, blind, and dumb.
Or if you just watching the lakers vs cavs game or looked at the box score hahaha
Or you can compare the two players' careers and what LeBron accomplished when he was Randle's age. I know that might be hard for you but give it a try
No way we will be the 8th seed with 14 games left to play
And Idk why, but  people always forget playoff Lebron is not regular season Lebron. He proves it every year. We will be alright 
There’s has been sooooooooo much adversity you’re right! it’s been driving me crazy. I’m ready for him to leave Cleveland. Never been a fan of that organization. They have never taken care of the best player in the world and that’s a problem
unimaginable performance this season, so great!Love and Support
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0798GYL2D/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B0798GYL2D&linkCode=as2&tag=11110db2-20&linkId=b6671506d372aa037339a5d492ac0ca0 …  awesome awesome dunk
Is that big taste?
Big Taste keeps his talent on the baseball diamond, striking out thirst. But he's always rooting on his #1, @KingJames.
Gtfo
@jonnoschneider how does this make you feel

Dunk of the decade frfr. #Capricorns we the best
DIAO
Dayummmmmm....!
Posterized ain’t enough....he got BILLBOARD-IZED...!
Yo Consequences Pt.1 EP OUT RIGHT NOW #music #SoundCloud
。。。
The king !

That why his is the King James
Still took the “L”. Nice dunk though.
But we all know y’all can’t beat lebron in playoffs o wait y’all can’t get pass the warriors
So strong guy
You know it is a great dunk when the king  lebron James watches it
Wowo 

نابمم

Good lebron James soy tú fan númer 1
Greatness
@KingJames  stop it man 
@KingJames  it pays to spend millions on trainers it pays off the dunk was amazing straight out of 2k
Beeaasttt #the king 
Damn bron bron
Sheeeeeeeeeeesh
Much respect!
Sai da frente
can you please come to portland!! please!!!!!!! we can actually afford you unlike houston
@ACEide93 this is why I can’t take this guy seriously. What is this
Easy to be on the outside looking in when you’ve never dunked on a 7 footer. Or even a 7 foot rim for that matter..........
What...? It was awesome. No dispute. Let everybody else tell you how cool it was. Don’t do it yourself. Makes it far less cool.

Nurkic gotta retire after this one
Bombastic.. wow ..

Savage! Keep it coming King @KingJames
LeBron James please come back to Miami next year
杠杠的
Super important in that great win that night too... Oh, wait...

College
I hate that y’all lost tho 
Idol
Dude, good job.
King in my country
Superman

I know we lost but that was one of the best dunk I seen by anyone. This dunk reminds me of Dr J in his prime. Keep pressing, stay focus as you do always. Go Cavs!

But they still lost?  Let us focus on the real story;  this is wh Russell Westbrook gets MVP votes, he may average a triple double but the Thunder can’t win a game.
Cocky
But Portland won the game tho.. ;)
When the KING put his Hummer Down...
Throw in dunk. Meh

Magnifico
........ BUT WE LOST
Hello Mr. James.  You’re tweets would never be a bust in Philly.
College
DIABLO!!!!!
That’s a baaaaaad man!
LeBron  is the  man
Join us in Toronto next season King! 
GOOOOOD SHIT
I Loved That shit! It motivated me to the Max! They say your slowing down... FOH... You're just Maintaining.  #GOAT #BestAllAroundSuperstarEver
you're definitely the beast my loveeee!
Ohhhh man!!!
PSA : FOR ALL THE NBA PLAYERS IN THE NBA QUIT JUMPIN WITH THIS MAN YALL NEVER BLOCK HIS SHOT
& why is he not MVP this year??? #mvp
Damn Bron that ladies & gents is why he’s the best.
Lonzo ball can’t do that !
#UAPB_RYS18
I can do that in my sleep bro lmao
Ohhhhhhhh!!!!
Give HIM @KingJames some respect people!
#appreciategreatness
@MzRadiant08
You have to write that man an apology letter  he prolly got kids who were watching .... whole family
You bragging about your own dunk? Thats like high fiving yourself in public.
Geesh!
Your team lost again the only thing you care is your numbers keep trying @KingJames you will never catch the only  who play for the Bulls 
Like THOR up in there #Savage

La clavé desde mi casa como @KingJames
Insane
@KingJames thank you for inspiring 
Dunk of the year
@coryfowler000
This dude is not impressed
Did u attend that man funeral ??? Cause he got straight bodied 
@ezdeanfassassi lol

@KingJames brutal, con el defensor arriba 
GREATEST. 
OF.
ALL.
TIME.

Nice!!!
Idk if yah know, but he's in season 15! And he's still doing things like this night after night  you can claim who you want to be the actual 'GOAT' but this man is in a league of his own. Ain't nobody physically capable of doing what this man is doing in this fashion. #KING

Still doesn’t change the fact he is still a thug
You good.
Who won this game?


This was very impolite.

Do it again!
Loss
That shit was     Dame@
As a basketball fan, that was fun to watch.  As a Blazer fan, the rest of the game was even more fun to watch.
You should poster someone on the Bulls tonight
We got the W tho
Win pls
Godbody!
One of the greatest dunks of all time

Come play in #RipCity next season.
You have business partners here with Nike, and you can dunk on Nurkic everyday in practice.
Y’all think Lebron stomach allows him to suck his own D?
YOU NEED TO BE CHARGED WITH ATTEMPT MURDER THAT WAS NAAAASTYYYYYY
That's that bulls eye slam @KingJames
Wins>pretty dunks
Você é gente boa, de família e tem coração bom, merece o sucesso que tem. . . . . .
Fav dunk ever
And people have a problem with Trump posting his successes and wins.

我是你的忠诚球迷
Stop it
With authority
You did that for your ancestors, huh? You’re not slick, LeBron.
Son, that dunk is still wild, L or W doesn’t matter. A highlight is a highlight 
#YallWannaSeeADeadBody
Ok now let’s start winning 
#MBAKU #BlackPanther 
The king is the Monster
There is a speculations about you and PEDs as it is reemerging
That Guy always buried a nigga 
Nasty bro
You always do what you do James. F**k with anyone else say. Haters everywhere you walk. You the best in the league 
Cleveland did lose this game, correct ? Hard to tell from all these retweets
@KingJames u are trash u missed a wide open lay up just give up oh and I forgot you lost
What a cry baby 
Year 15. Strive for greatness
Charged up! http://Inspredu360.com  #Billionaires #AllForOne
@lbcochran @claytreece Oops!
Haven’t they learned to get out of his way by now?
Coming in HOT
Didn't you lose this game? Typical.
Wow! LeBron!  What an amazing dunk! OUCH!!!
Hey Joe, Lebron is far far from being insecure with himself, are you kidding me ! LMAO !!! He's the King of the land !

Bruhhhhhhhhhh
JR's reaction tho 
Midwest represent!!!! #KINGJAMES 
i love u @KingJames
Weak
Scoreboard 

Posters!!!!
The missing part was to win the game 
Look out for The King
Awesome!
Anybody riding Lebrons dick this year more than lebron himself? For real this is why dude doesn’t have more rings, pats himself on the back for things that are irrelevant, he doesn’t have that dog in him, that fire. true winners wouldn’t give af about this.
The reason why Lebron is not on MJ’s level is because when Lebron loses he will be able to look himself in the mirror and give a reasoning to justify it, MJ didn’t accept losing, his desire to win was too strong.
You lost doe..
But you still lost #RipCity #RipCityOnTheyAss
Stop commenting on your own shit
Omg enough already with this dunk! Who cares. And you lost the game. Jesus Christ I never seen someone so talented constantly praise themselves. The insecurity is troubling.
U the goat period
That was BAD ASS LBJ!! WOW!! 
Boy you did him like I do folks...on the 8ft middle school goals!!!
Take that L tho, queen! 
Savage is not a strong enuff word @KingJames  
CLE loves you Bron— you’re the King of The Land. Please don’t leave 
You must hate him if you want him to stay... NO MORE RINGS IN CLEVELAND
Keep on keep on keep doing what you’re doing you’re my heart especially helping others in need you’re one of my hero keep looking up I love you you’re the bomb

Frozen him this is the king for sure
G.O.A.T

Strong
Nice shot.
Not even that good of a dunk
"Nasty"
Y'all tellin a man that been to the finals SEVEN TIMES IN A ROW.. that he needs to win more?? y'all hilarious... What competition have u made the final in 7 times in a row?..ill wait.. Y'all might appreciate him after he retire maybe.. Idk 
@KavanaghMartin @TedwardJoyce11 even better than the faint 
Idk y these lames keep bringing up the fact that they lost. AND muhsucka? All he talkin bout is one play.all Jordan dunks and highlights we see aint all from wins u bums. Its just a highlight CHILL.. In a yr or 2 no one will remember wether it was a loss or not except his haters
He will never be Jordan
I'm @KingJames 
I Do @KingJames THINGS 
he can drop that sledgehammer anytime he wants 
Way to toot your own horn
The fact that he’s this deep in his career still able to jam like that!
Amazing
King
Bitter sweet I guess 
King James
