Hi, I’m Codey Babineaux and I JUST GOT INTO PRINCETON . It doesn’t even feel real . From rags to riches. #Princeton #PU2022 #blackboyjoy 
Love it.
Congratulations kid best of luck
@Codeybab awwwwmazing congrats!! So proud of you! 
。。。
I am so glad for you keep pushing hard
I keep replaying this video. I’m so happy for you too 
Congratulations that is simply wonderful and made my day.
So let me get this straight u have to make it into Princeton to feel like u made it. Y'all adults praising a kid for going to the same school of so many racist politicians who have contributed to ruining our communitys. What have Princeton ever did for our people. I'm appalled
Awesome! Congratulations! Education is everything!
Congrats!
You have worked so hard, congratulations! Enjoy the ride. Remember to use the resources that are there to help you.
, Funny how comments only show what YOU think and not what the actual writer of the story intended to tell ..LB ..G.O.A.T 23
Good for him
Congrats, you are now in debt
Way to go!!! These kids from TM Landry rock!!
he's a boy, not a black boy. stop.
He’s in love with his people.
i get it and its fine but my point is to be in love with all the people, u know? :)
Nope,nobody likes black people. That’s why majority of us only love black people.
it might be the thing only in america so.. in other places worldwide ppl are looking at everyone as a human, not as a black or white human.
No,This happens and many places.
Man you live in Croatia what could you possibly know about Black people?
can u answer my question, what am i mad about? what i know about black ppl is ure bringing up ''black ppl this black ppl that''. why u deviding black and white ppl, where have u seen someone wrote WHITE KID DID THIS or WHAT KID DID THAT? Why can't it be just a kid? get the point.
Probably affirmative action bs but I’m not bitter 
Or a smart qualified kid lol
Maybe
So awesome
I love you Black King! I love how you support our community, keep up the good work.
They already here. Took 30 whole seconds smh
Well? What does it have to do with race? When white people or any other race get accepted to college do we mention that they are white when congratulating them?
Ehh, I disagree, I think no matter what race you are or where you live you can achieve anything you want, nothing is holding you back from anyone else, only yourself, why there’s homeless white people, and there was a black president, you choose your path
shows hard work pays off
Congratulations & more success!
This video is so joyous!!
Keep up the great works LBJ, a living example... A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.
Yes....Spending money on military defense is much more important than welfare!
Congratulations, Codey.  So proud of you! Enjoy your college experience.
That was awesome! Congratulations!
It amazes me how many people are calling this tweet racist
Not racist just pointless #
Wow congrats
Ivan Pesa you need a Hug Son
Did he used to be jealous of Arron afflalo?
Awesome that this kid is so excited about his academic accomplishments and his future at a VERY prestigious Ivy League school, Princeton! Congrats young man and in the words of a very successful story we all know in king James. #keepstrivingforgreatness
Can't wait to hear when @LJFamFoundation kids get accepted to colleges! #StriveforGreatness indeed.
You are helping to change the narrative young man.. Real MVP!
So when I get into Harvard will you retweet me?
Not if you're white
Lmfao what a reachhh
Lol I'm black and LeBron is my role model but he's probably right
LeBron is your role model? 
Hell yeah everything he's done for my home state
Congratulations...#EasterSunday
Congratulations!!!!
×w×w××ww××wwwwwwwww2
Congrats, Codey!!! You and several others make us proud of your commitments to hard work that will bring good things for yourself and people around you. Stay strong on your journey! Best of luck to you!
much better than hitting a game winning 3 pointer.
Education is the key to opportunity and advancement. Leaders like @KingJames understand this and are helping the next generation like never before. The @F1RSTglobal Challenge will provide opportunities to students from around the world in Mexico City this summer.
Congratulations! Keep working hard Cody! Help to make this world a better place
Can’t wait for the Kevin Love tweet “#ForTheWhites” when a kid gets into Harvard after growing up homeless.
Keep waiting then.
Gonna be the next uncle Phil.
Congratulations!!
You do know that's old news, right?
Still  though
#RoyaltyRoyaltyRoyalty
This is awesome
Congratulations king James you are the present chosen one
these my fav things to watch on sm
Congrats. Hard work will always pay off. Stay real.
See lebron not everyone “ain’t be educated”
When she messages you back
It’s such a blessing to see kids happy about being accepted in school. Hallelujah
你好
Congrats to this young man!
Congrats young man!!
Congrats to him
Congrats my brother
Ima need us white people to take some damn notes and start hyping one another up like this, they be going too hard
Congrats
Outstanding
Congratulation young man
Congrats! I am Princeton alum!! If you need anything LMK
The King showed love 2 my lil cuz.
He your cuz for real
He’s my mom’s brother son,so I think that would make us related. What u think?
Well yes it does. I was just asking. I am happy and proud of the young man. Leader.
Even though he has my race wrong, Lebron just tweeted my name 
hahah iconic

I love seeing videos like this
Congratulations, future Tiger!! #hardworkpaysoff #princetontigers
Congratulations! What an accomplishment!
Wow congrats bro most beautiful campus on planet earth#God bless
School with no books.
Congrats!!!!
Awesome!!
Proud of you young man!
Hey
Congratulations
Do the dam thing! Congrats!
吓我一跳
The reaction videos for college acceptance is awesome but i wanna see some reaction videos to the parents seeing the cost of tuition for the first time 
Congratulations Codey, I am happy for you. I'll apply for University of London next summer I pray to be admitted as well.
my wife left me for a princeton professor
Congratulations
Indeed congrats!!! The sky is the limit. And king james im a strong fun. Thanks for all you do.!!!
#Love #Congrats
I thought race didn’t exist
Affirmative action acceptance. Took away a spot from a more deserving white person. #WhiteBoyScrewed
Awesome. Why does it matter if you’re black? #blackboyjoy
Song reference dude
From one Cody to another congrats 
Welcome to NJ young man! Hit up Hoagie haven 1st thing
What if my man didn’t get in. How hurt would he be with all those people breathing down his neck lol
Racist
Love
Get that kid a mouse
Outstanding
I love this!
LBJ always keep skin color top priority. #raciestLBJ
I never get tired of watching these!
Outstanding young man,congratulations Cody!!!
whyyy yall so pressed for talm bout WhAts RaCe GoT tO dO wItH iT ... shut up and take a nap

At this point of his life he knew he was gonna be somebody
This is fantastic!
U ever give a white kid gongrats...
I could watch this all day! So happy for Cody!
Yo I got beef meet me behind the arena next time we play. 
Grow up- he is celebrating a young man getting into Princeton and still you troll!!!
Is he ok? Congratulations
Yeah let’s identify people by race
I felt this
Congrats
Great job congrats
Congrats to this student. But I also have a sneaking suspicion this is the next Cloverfield movie
St. John’s making the cut
Not gonna lie got teary eyed a bit, this is awesome!
Congratulations Codey. Best of luck. Great support group around you.  Love that!
Congrats 
Great job!
congrats!!!!
Great celebration here...& Codey didn't have to score a winning TD or hit a game winning bucket during March Madness to get this reaction from those who care about him! Education matters people...do all u can to improve ur station in life and use every resource available to u!
Congrats to Codey...hopefully ur supporters didn't hurt u too badly in this celebration and u will still be able to walk onto the campus! 
Congratulations!! Good job!! 
Congratulations
Thank you LeBron James for being a Man that we can all look up too. I'm 58 years old..
A tear to my eye
LeBron great game last night I watched The King make history
@Dan60123 that reaction
So proud! keep reaching for the stars...God bless
i would watch 10 minutes of this
Go to his tweets. The class he was in all did it. It is so awesome to watch all those kids find out.
Congratulations, young man! Your hard work paid off BIG TIME. Good luck in the future.
Congrats !!!
Congratulations young brother
Why does Jason Terry keep disrespecting you bro ?
Is it odd I enjoyed this celebration more than any one I have seen for a sports acceptance. Congrats @Codeybab keep reaching for the top young man. #NeverSettle
Well done young man, what is noticed is all times you denied yourself to keep working. Hard work pays off.
What a thrill to watch his great come true, never give up
He is a boy.. But of course ppl nowadays have to put race into anything.. I'm happy as for him as a fellow human being.. I don't see color.. But you did vote for Clintonso I can see why your a hypocrite
You don’t see color? Maybe you should start! I guess this is why so many ignorant white people pretend racism doesn’t exist...”they don’t see color.” Here I was thinking it was just bc they’re weak minded fools with zero accomplishments and low intelligence.
First, I’m willing to bet you don’t have any black friends, let alone black siblings. Second, no one asked you to “base everything on race”—you can appreciate someone’s differences & life experiences without having to “base” anything on them. Third, enjoy supporting a racist POS.
Love you LeBron.  You are such a good person and so proud that you are a Buckeye.  @Codeybab we're so thrilled for you.
Like watching the draft...  but for education....
That’s a great idea for a tv show
He is a black man not a black boy. Any black man over the age of 14 should never call himself or be called a boy.
Shut up man
So proud of you. Continue to strive for greatness
Racist.
Hard work& grit pays off! Congratulations Cody. When you have parents/guardians/teachers/mentors emphasizing the importance of education, anything is possible!!!
That’s awesome!!
Pure joy!!
Awesome
This is tuff
This brought tears to my eyes.
LeBron you da goat
But you didn’t go to college @KingJames
What does that even have to do with anything?!
Nothing. He’s just trying to do anything he can to discredit another black mans success.

Love the “love” surrounding him.... that’s what it’s all about
You are the GOAT
You didn’t lead him to Duke like you did Reddish! U lost a huge fan after that stunt
Wow
Strong Work!! Congratulations 
Ma said cash app me $20000 or she’s gonna put you on child support
CONGRATS KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
Just proud of the family support, he could have went to any college and been successful, it's not the name on a building that makes a student great, it's the students ambition and drive for greatness, not the name on the college.
Congrats to you,We know you will do well.

Awesome young Man always remember to give Our God thanks. It was so good to see all your love ones there to find out with you!! At one point I couldn’t see you so I said Lord I Pray he is not trampled! 
LBJ this school is in my town and we are so proud of the Founder!!!
When that affirmative action comes in
That's alright right there.
I love these videos
Way to go!
Congratulations Cody!!!
#StayHumble&Focused#TheStruggleContinues
This is awesome, seeing people hype af about a kid getting into an Ivy League school  congrats to you Codey hell of an accomplishment!!
@prabhusasankan @peachypujj @pribeanz
Congrats and great job! U r special and have a special opportunity! Good luck and make a difference! 
Why i start screaming and cheering too like im there with them  love seeing this...
I got into NYU class of 2022. The problem is how I’m gonna pay for it my family can’t afford $75k a year
Black excellence fym 
I love this 
Feel the same way his father did, proud. Wish would be the same for many waiting for that oportunity. Lots of success!
Watching these videos never gets old #congrats!
Loved it
Great job.
Now the real work starts. Keep pushing, @Codeybab 
Shut up and dribble!
Congrats, Codey!!!!! ALL the feels watching this video!!!!!!
What an awesome moment! Also he is so blessed to have so many around him supporting and loving him!!! #skysthelimit

Happy Tears!! Congratulations 
Thank you for the smile and sharing the joy. Best of luck
Congrats young man
Funny this video is old and now everyone been commenting on it.
It’s literally 2 days old...and obviously more people are going to comment on it since LeBron retweeted it because he has a much larger reach and audience than the kid who posted the video lmao you seem like you’re complaining just to complain
It was deja vu. I had it mistaken for this video
Oh word ha that makes sense then!
