Bronny James can light it up from three-point range.  @SLAMonline_HS 
Amazing he just like big papa
Swwwwwwiiiiiiiisssssshhhhhh... The PRINCE!

Young blood of the KING!!!
He will take the place of your throne

Fire ty lue. He is the trashiest coach of all time
Man, you are like the most conceited player in the world. MJ will always be the real KING.
Lebron a better rebounder, Playmaker, more efficient scorer, more durable, more versatile, faster, stronger, unstoppable in transition and is the most unselfish superstar ever. MJ went 0-6 against Larry Bird in the playoffs and his team won 55 games without him.
Yeah I know. He just won 6 championships in a row. How many has LJ won. Numbers don't matter if U suck in the finals. U can go to 25 in a row and still suck if you lose 20 of the 25. How old are U. U can't be old enough to have watched them live. LJ sucks. KB, TD, and MJ r better
Lebron’s numbers in the Finals are way better than Kobe’s. Kobe averaged 23 ppg in the Finals. Shaq was the better player. Kobe was only the best player for two of his rings. Not to mention, he’s missed the most shots in NBA history. Lebron been better than Kobe since 2016.
kobe is actually a 25ppg scorer in finals which is about same as reg season but its even worse fg%
Its about what happens in crunch time. Period.
yea even LBJ performs better in crunch time than kobe in playoffs crunch
Is that why Kobe has 5 with the same team and LJ has only 3 while bouncing around with 3 different teams?
He looks so at ease with it too
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRx-76WqeFQ …
Ok
What appened to #Cleveland?
Bruh I love the content keep it coming he’s 
Athletic Scholarships are Contracts for 12Fball & 29Bball games? Players must legally decline to participate in any addl game in 2019 until they get a professional Rep to renegotiate Players' compensation for those Addl Games? Make the schools take action to save their cash cow$$
I guess his favorite player is Steph Curry.
Send him to college so he can learn to speak and write properly. Hopefully he can teach his dad.
He is the goat he is better the my 17 year old brother

I'm looking foward to watch Bronny play for Cavs.
Congrats. How old is he now @KingJames ? Makes us old dad’s proud when the kids trying to fill the shoes...
Like father like son
We  you idol #KingLebronJames
Shoots better then his old man.
IS THE EASTERN CONFERENCE STILL CONSIDERED WEAK ???
We're watching with open eyes kid #Go
Youngking
His future is so bright...mostly cuz he has a family who loves & supports him & his dreams. That’s all everybody needs. Nice job Fam! 
how tall is your son bronny
Is that boy a baller or chef?  #Cookin
He gotta better thee pointer shot then you
Lil Lebron here is some help we call him Big Baby 12yrs Old he wants to play with you. He can Ball
Lebron  James jr. and lebron on the same team
WWzers!!!
Maybe draft him to the cavs #familyDynasty
#laprocess
I'm all up for Father's gassing they kids up! 
that boy a killer
This is GREAT news for @RealSkipBayless because without Lebron he may have to cut his show down to an hour lol. #6or7moreYears?
Dang he is better then lemlo
My boy!
Like father like son!
I’m thinking something about the Apple.  #greatwork
How does it feel knowing your son is already a better shooter than you?
How does it feel knowing a 13 year old can do everything better than you?
Enjoy your once a life time Orlando vacation at reunion emperor. Book here: https://www.reunionvacationpros.com/product/reunion-emperor-8-bedrooms-sleeps-18-418md19e …
Loving it
Heir to the throne, I can see the commercials now. Lol
He can shoot.
Send him to college so he can speak and write like an adult.
Maybe he's more Steph than LeBron, which says a lot about who's the best of this generation 
All I can is SUPERB
Go to Houston
Oooooooweeeee!!!!!! Kids got the touch!!! Plus breaking ankles on them crossovers, definitely gonna be a hot pick in a few years! Already better then all three of them Ball fools, #BBBisTRASH @bigballerbrand
Good luck
Im surprised you werent in this pic Queen James with your boy Obama. All racist towards whites.
Yes he can do it but am better than him
Lebron you are not playing defense anymore.. please play defense get one more cup to cava
Impressive
still need 
your help
I have to have your fan in OHIO tryinging to hun for governor as an INDEPENDENT '
in order to be Ohio ballot in November . I am a back to basic needs
plane Jane type of girl .  I need 5,00 sgnatured  thanks Emiky May Lowder
Great skills! Man this young star is on fire @KhamaMtalimanja. Inspired by the best NBA @KingJames!

His game is on point!
Kid is a beast!!  Gos Bless
You still my favorite player and all, but #BronnyYoungKing is gonna be one of the few NBA sons to match or surpass his dad. Been watching u since St. Vincent's/St. Mary's. U weren't as pure a shooter as Bronny at tht age. Keep it up...
Seriously!??? 
Is bronny better on play to care or LBJ?
We fight for and defend the gains we received and for better wages, hours and working conditions...so that our youngin's have what we didn't. The future is not ours, only the present. #PlayersAreLabor
É o orgulhoso pai

KingJames
Trash Jr.
#PrinceJames
Your coach is garbage. Bron where is your defense at? You guys lose to lakers? Just don’t make playoffs cause your team is trash. Clarkson plays reckless
Bring him to the cavs.. Ur guys playin like 
The King of Chaos @KingJames 

#Voodoo ACL, Back Spasms or Cramps ??

#Lakers #Cavaliers
should we call him The Prince?
He is real good .. You gotta admit lebron.. His jumper is better than yours..
A chip off the ole diamond.
Tiger father without dog baby
Amazing!  What a blessing!  By the way my Dad loves you!
Must b nice for @NBA to let u use ur off arm n bully ball.. go ahead n rip us fans off... u seriously never foul out n get every n 1..
Philly is the only place for you to really win the next championship! #PhillyWantsLeBron
@manh_rodrigues
AmazingI expect you and your son to fight together.
Watch out @NBA you got young Lebron coming!!!
Bron I'm glad I'm going to be able 2 watch basketball after you retire bc bronny got some serious hoop game #teambron #jamesfamilyforlife #StriveForGreatness
This gay ia like butler from wolf team
I love a proud Papa!
LBJ, If you sign with LAKERS I'll tell them to draft your SON with their first round pick they got from CAVS. That way the both of you can make history; 1st father & son NBA teammates. Then in 10 years you can pass NBA mantle to him. Bro. it's a win-win situation.
Something his pops can’t do
Bron, U & Savanah,  r Blessed with Beautiful Children & Lil Bron ain't no joke on da court 

Nice
Looks better than a lot of players in the Lithuanian League...
YESSS!!! I was there! He’s definitely #HisDaddysSon
Bronny the heir to the throne. Prince James finna be King James Jr.
Fam Genetics Bron http://JR.is  going to be great .As good as his Father remains to be seen.but on the right path @KingJames
i just know my size in dah box..
Cool
Great family genes
Oh yessss
No.1 #NBA tweet today on http://sportofusa.com 
i mean this kid will have to try NOT to make the NBA, that how good he is.
this kind is still 7 months from being 14 years of agehe cold play in college right now, not even kidding. there a pic him a zaire wade who is 6'2, and he was not more then 2 inches smaller, he has the handles, the footwork, the shooting, the passing the basketball IQ.
Cold
wow..heir to the throne..good blessing
On the G my lil homie got game and my other lil homie too.
Yep he got skillz
But I thought Ben Simmons was the young king? 

#PrinceJames
LeBron and his son are going to be the first and father son To start on the same team same time
Is it me, the way he extends, wow.
How come nba players from the late 80’s early 90’s children suck at ball but players from early an mid 2000’s children seem to grasp the game much easier?
Steph Curry Sucks?

KEKEKEKEKEKEKEKE

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XGu8VoIQbg&sns=tw … LeBron James more than a basketball player
Mom’s skills? Sorry, couldn’t resist. Think you’re great too, on many fronts.
He already shoot better than you! Lol
LBJ 2.0 is the Future FACE of the NBA.
TRIPLE THREAT and probably a better shooter than the KING.
I wonder how scary he’ll be when he gets his hops like his dad
you to old to be using gang
Kid is amazing & very handsome 2!
Alex antetokounmpo better
The James relief will hurt!!!!
Teaching him well and putting him on we love it! Keep being an inspiration King #StriveForGreatness #LLTK
Haha he got them handles too. Scary sight 
Dang @KingJames Your son got better shooting form than you. Lil boy's catching up!
Shot looks better than most nba players
Young Bronny would look great in that Hoban Knights blue and gold #KnightTime #Hoban #ThinkAboutIt
Please make him sign with the Cavs when he gets older
He already got a better shot then Lonzo no doubt
Dang he’s great
Hi
Come to @memgrizz w/ @MarcGasol @mconley11 grit n grind. Bronny can play wit Penny Hardaway. Good career and family move. @KingJames legacy will be sealed don’t join forces come wit the underdog WE READY

Bronny’s game is just like his dad’s. He has the complete total package. He runs quickly down the court, kicks out with the assists, drives to the basket, rebounds, shoots threes, has a strong midrange game, and you can tell he loves the game. More importantly, he’s fun to watch.
Never stop working! 
probably the next big thing 
Gosh, wonder why!
Yung king
Did they win? 
yo Bron he got the SKAT b
He’s gonna be a little king like his dad! Good job!
Please stay in the league long enough to play your son
Damn, dude!! 
How fun is this for you to watch?
His name reminds me of the paper towels. Someone should change this gif to spell HIS name instead of... I will be keeping an eye out for this young man!
@MarkErcanbrack
Get him to Brooklyn
No offense to you but I think he already a better jump shot than you 
Rocking that @kevinlove #0 though...
And his handles are already better than his dad.
Bron my will be the new and improved version of the King!
. Who is your son favorite player?
SSSSSHHHHHHEEEEEEESSSSHHHHHHH
God Bless
Why he doesnt play in st mary high school like bron?
He is a shooter, he's been watching Steph Curry too much!!!
He has talent and smarts just his dad
The best part of this is his jump shot is better than the entire Ball Family lol
What is his FG% @KingJames
don't show this to KD or he'll join bronny
Bronny got the pats!!!
Young man has skills.
Sheeeesh!!
Can he dunk yet?
That lil nigga's name is LeBron James jr lol
 Lavar better dad
His son was snatching stuff in a foreign country, idk about that
Strictly talking about the name. Bronny gonne be depressed when he gets to nba cos his father name
Might out duel dad one -day-

Stay tuned.....
Being a good teammate and passing well. I think most would see that you’re passing on to your son mad ball skills and talent/genetics. But I also you passing on how to be a good man, no a great man, and a true leader. Ultimate respect Bron.
Your kids got a nice shot

Damn bro ur son would light me up!
That behind the back pass/assist! 
Sources say Lebron is open to join his son in free agency 
Happy for you!!
More impressed with his passing! He is like a young Pistol Pete
#LeBronToPittsburgh @TeamJuJu
I recognize this boy since he cant handle the basketball
He shoots and passes must like his dad. The next 
Hey...we know his game is great....but flex them grades as well....for the young culture.
He got better range than his pops
Would be awesome to see y’all both playing in the league at the same time.
Poor kid has it so hard growing up as a minority in the suburbs. Sad!
Young 
Better teach him to shoot higher cause on next level he will be blocked.
same look minus some other kid blowing in his ear. lol
Better shooter than his dad.
