Why do they have to be black? What happened to all that equality talk?
Stop reaching for no reason
Okay so it's okay to be hypocritical about this? A strong father figure can be any color bro.
Bro, the strong father figure isn’t present in black homes as it is in the white homes. That’s just facts. That’s why we have the tackle the issue.
And we all know why. The shitstem gave the black men the drugs to sell and then they threw them in jail for selling it.
Accountability bro. The "man" doesn't make you do anything.
Either sell drugs, starve, or get killed. Those are some good options.
Can you repeat this about 10,000 times please?
Us as a white man may not understand fully what the black man endure and how to get through it. Same goes for every race. But please people instead of use race as a crutch and call out race every time try to understand where one is coming from. Extend a hand if it's needed
Damn. Lavar really is the  then.
Nathan Jordan thank you for being a good man for your children. Their future is brighter because of you.
How you not recognize this is racist. Change the words black to white and this would be viewed different. Why not thank and empower all fathers instead of making it a race thing
No body said whits, asian, hispanic  ect..boys didn't...so your point? Why does it bother you that a black man speaks from his black experiences. Why would he be required to tell whites are Asians what they need? See how dumb you sound implying that he should know? wow
Like I said don’t be screaming racism when white folks come out and support white folks then I’m cool. Hypocrisy is my point. If y’all want to rid racism then it should be all forms
Trust me we don't. get from under that rock. you folks can have an opinion about black men not being fathers but when he encourages it you fuckers still have something to say
Oh I’m on top of that rock smoking a blunt. I have an opinion about men not taking responsibility as a father in general, this shouldn’t have been made into a racial thing by the king. If you feel society has something against blacks. That’s on u
LOl okay we just gonna act like that isnt a running black stereotype..but okay, and just because he addressed a particular race to take action doesnt make it a "racial thing" come on now dude we both know you are reaching.
He addressed a particular race but it’s not a racial thing? Education system has truly failed us
If you cant understand the difference indeed it has...
GOAT
Thank you @KingJames!
Or a man of character and discipline no matter the race.
Preach primal 
I'm viewing this as @KingJames encouraging black men to step up into their much needed role.  He's not saying white people can't be involved as well.  The experience is unique and should be view through that lens.  Black men have much to offer.
You get it.
I notice it’s only white people on here talking about equality.. now y’all want to talk about equality? .. he is talking about OUR issues it’s ok for him to talk about OUR issues .. sit this one out white people don’t have to be included in EVERYTHING.. holy shit
But when Colin Kaepernick said something about Equality. They sent him and his family death threats. They loved it when he got white balled from the league.
Man you hit the nail on the head bro
They love that reverse racism B.S.
“Reverse racism” doesn’t exist. Everyone from every skin tone can be racist to anyone else with any different skin tone. So yes, Black people can be racist towards white people, and white people can be racist towards black people. It’s as simple as that.

Don’t respond to bots bro they are here for 1 reason
I'm still waiting for him to respond to my tweet. But he's too busy trying to prove that blacks are racist 
OMG white people!  Is it so impossible to have an opinion and not share it at every fucking opportunity? I am white and I am trying to learn/understand about race in this country and you're trying to drown out the voices that matter on this issue.  Just STFU and listen.
This is exactly the problem with today’s anti-white culture. No I am not gonna shut up because I’m white. “Oh you’re white so you don’t have a valid perspective”, yeah tell that to all the poor white guys living down in the ghettos of Detroit. Absolute ignorance.
They still don’t have the same experience, you demand to have your opinion valued without taking the time to make sure your info is accurate. You don’t know my experience better than i do. You aren’t that smart man
weed. These were for crimes like homocide, rape, sexual assault, assault, etc.. This is not to say that black people are criminals, in fact, most black people I know are law abiding, upstanding citizens. I honestly feel tremendous sympathy for the current plight of black people.
Folks want to talk about black issues but not why they are issues. No mention of the effect the war on drugs on fatherlessness. Mention how many crimes we are convicted of but doesn’t mention similar data that suggests we are overpoliced
Oh those are absolutely issues. I believe the war on drugs was one of the worst presidential decisions ever made, and I still believe weed should be legal. Lack of fathers is also a problem within the black community with the exponentially high single mother rate.
You overlook the effects of a culture of over policing AA. You assume we’re all those things that stats say so you single us out. We’re arrested more, there is zero evidence to suggest we commoit more crimes no way of know unless they are caught
What did I just say? The majority of black people I know are good people. But you also can’t ignore the incredibly high crime rate within the black community. And yes, it is mostly because they are poor and lack father figures, I get that. I’m not disagreeing with you.
So Richard what can YOU teach me about dealing with black man issues in America Speak up since you want to be a role model. How many are you mentoring? Despite if you are facts are there are some things you will NEVER be able to teach a black man because you havent experienced it
Richard: “all you gotta do is listen to the police and they won’t harass you.  Works for me!”
That’s exactly why you need black male figures. That’s just not enough sometimes.
Oh, I was mocking the old white guy trying to give advice to black men. He has no idea what they go through.
K gramps. As much street cred as you think it gives you, growing up with black people doesn’t make you black.
Your the greatest player ever but your wrong on this one. Every kid/young man needs a man in their life! Black,white,green, yellow it doesn't matter!!! Everything doesn't have to be black and white! You can't get away from racial bias by constantly putting it in the forfront !!!
Congrats! You made it about you somehow! Remarkable!
Jesus Christ he didn’t make it about himself man, he made it about every young man. A father is important to all young men and women regardless of race!
Actually, he did. He pulled the “what about me?!” Angle. Same when people of color say black lives matter, you folk butt in with “BUT AAALLLLLL LIVES (ME) MATTER!!!”.... you don’t have to be included in every scenario. It’s ok.
So... are black boys and men not part of the human race? Where's your issue?
All!!!? Not race related moron
White men can help too man.. Don’t divide. A good father is a good father. Color has nothing to do with it bro
Hahaha but but but what about us white guys?! Omg!! For once I don’t feel part of the discussion and it’s uncomfortable! But the white men!!!! Lebron the white men!!!
Men aren’t determined by color. It’s how much they’re willing to do for their family. When people realize that then the world will be heading in a better direction!!
That's a great take on men. You can keep that, and still acknowledge that young black men need black adult men in their lives. All without being offended by it. 
I wasn’t offended in the slightest. Just tired of color being the root of everything. Then the arguing after. I was brought up to not look at color. Just don’t see the point in saying people of color need a colored father in their life. My dad was shit
Seeing color is important though. Noting that a black man doesnt have the same experiences in this country as you or I is called perspective. Fortunately, we get to live in our bubbles and ignore how crucial color is whenever we want.
Color is only as crucial as we make it
Well. We've made it crucial. So...
Why can’t the black boy look up to a white man? Just curious
B/c they can relate BEST to an Obama > Trump or Kennedy.. a LeBron James > Bird or Love.. A black doctor or lawyer > white counterpart.. ESPECIALLY if they came up from the same struggle and racial hurdles as they'll face in life.. isn't hard to understand; u don't want 2...
And i can’t? Lol your a racist joke i grew up with a dad with no job a mom with no job one on disability and the other on food stamps. So no as a white man i can’t compare to trump or Kennedy and yes i relate to someone who’s grew up in a struggle and it’s made me work harder
Who said the struggle was Financial only.... This is his point..
All boys need men in their lives*
How can you comment on what black kids need? I’ll take LeBron on his word. Plus, he’s trying to empower his community... people love to reach.
Isn’t his community anyone? Or is that racially exclusive too?
It's funny that people call PoC snowflakes for speaking out about what happens in our communities when others get so damn offended

LeBron didnt have a dad. Thats a rampant problem in our community and he wants to empower those who want that to change. Not everything is about you
If LeBron did have a dad...white or black, Korean or Polish...he would have been thankful. So why eliminate potential role models because they don’t fit your racial mold? Only black people can teach someone to be aware of dangers from racist people and how to live?
For fucks sake didn't say that white men can't be father figures.  Nowhere once in his tweet did he denigrate the strength of white men. This has absolutely nothing to do with you, just stop
Lol he posted this on Twitter where there are MANY people of other races besides black.  I think I see where he was trying to go....to motivate black men to be the father figures instead of having a diff person come in and do their job for them? IDK, he didn’t word it right.
Can’t stop, won’t stop...rocafella records 
We are of the Human race last time I checked...it shouldn’t matter if it is a Black, Red, Green, White, Purple human, we all need an Admirable HUMAN to look up too. It shouldn’t matter the color of the skin.
This is you right now
 off dude...never said it was about me I’m saying we as a human race need to show more compassion for each other, raise each other up regardless of our damn skin color! Ever heard the saying “it takes a village to raise a child” shouldn’t matter the color of your skin!
Other races have the ability to understand and learn from black experiences, as well as teach a new generation of youth how to avoid the pitfalls in our current ways.
I disagree. We know that black boys need kind and openminded people in their lives. The skin color doesn't matter. It never matters.
Why is this hard for some white people to grasp? The black male experience is unique. Black boys need black men to help guide and mentor them in an unfair world. Other men can help, but they don't replace the unique need. Only black men fully understand the black male experience.
Simple... because they don't want to 
Orrr is it because not everyone wants to go back to the 1800s.
Bless your heart. Where did anyone say we want to go back to the 1800s? The woman simply asked why is it hard for some white ppl to understand that certain racial experiences are not the same.
All racial experiences are different, that’s what makes America great (when we don’t ban immigration). You can learn so much from a different cultural background.
why do they have be black men. Why can’t the just be good role model men. I’m white but my dad was black. Should I have had a
Congrats on somehow making it about you. Woe the white man!
@Adcockthe2nd it must be terrible living your life hating that you’re white.
Wrong LeBron everyone needs their father.
Rex King > King James
You don’t need to get shot to know the danger of going into the projects at night....just saying.
The black men are in jail
Why are people taking this statement personal.
He is speaking on a specific issue of importance as a black man. If it doesn't apply to you move on.
Because he put it on Twitter where not everyone is black.
So because everyone is not of a certain race, a person cannot address an issue? What???
You lost me.
You asked why non-blacks responded or cared.  Because we’re not racist? People are people. And because he put this on a platform that is racially ambiguous.
So ..... white man or role models can’t help a young black child?  Might be the most absurd and passively racist things I’ve read.
Why are all the white folks looking for mentions and attention on a simple thank u ..is he talking about racism??..the finest dude is describing his raise up as a black kid and giving recognition to those who helped him..Is his mama or papa whites huh??
white people are not looking for attention and mentions, but instead are pointing out the fact that, without any context which I understand what he is saying, when you replace the word black with the word white, you would be called a racist.
lets not make excuses no one would have a problem if you said that. We would respect your opinion as to what you think you need, we would understand nor pretend to have a clue
No one would have a problem if someone tweeted white boys need white men in their lives? I couldn’t care less he said black boys need black men cuz they do but ur lying to urself if u think no one would have a problem if the words were reversed
Dude no one would trust me. Try it
It’s double standards on both sides but according to black people only white people are racist. Except when I heard my black friend telling his mom he wasn’t going to pumpkin patch with his daughter cuz his clip couldn’t hold enough ammo to kill all the crackers there
People can be prejudiced and say prejudiced things and yes we can even say blacks can have racist views and beliefs but they damn sure dont have a collective power to cause any real harm except a few hurt feelings and that is the difference
WE'VE WALKED IN THEIR SHOES: It's Blk men's responsibility two help raise Blk boys. We're taking responsibility.
Sounds like a dope org btw... I just started following...
I'm confused at all the white people getting mad about what this man said lol. He's talking about a specific demographic. Using his platform to bring awareness. Please Speak up like this on issues such as cops killing unarmed black males because when that happens, you're silent.
It's simple really. They want to be the center of all things. So when you don't present an opportunity for them to play Messiah, they get upset.
That’s pretty short sighted! A role model is a role model. There are a ton of white fathers with black sons who wouldn’t appreciate this tweet!
Just stupid Words. Play basketball and turn your mouth 10 Times before a tweet !
I am a father of a child that happens to be black. I’m white! I love him as my own and intend to raise in him in Christ. Ethnicity matters not Lebron. But, to his point, every young person needs a father in the home. The biggest problem in our culture for sure...fatherless homes.
That was a great point. I’ve determined that we will have racism until we open up dialog. We have to stop being afraid to ask how a black man feels about topics. Thanks for confirming your “parenting” (man) views are the same as mine.
What are the real issues LeBron?

Real talk
This is why I follow @KingJames
Lebron is really the greatest of all time
Mate shouldn’t it just be good male role models?
well to say my idol
Thank you that is so true God bless you
Effing hypocrite
Why does everything evolve around race, then you complain when your race gets insulted?
exactly right! Most of the young black men n jail got n trouble as a kid and that lead them to where they r now. #blackmalesstand
It's not about the way you play basket. I'm African man , that lives far way from US, and goshh...you have done so many things for our people , and because of that, you are one of th most dope guys that pass in sports. I wonder why they call you king 
white people: thats why u dont have a dad, nigger! 

lebron: black boys need black father figures in their lives. 

white people: why do you have to make it about race, you racist! empower ALL fathers.
Wow that's what the white race says huh? Stupid racist.
You areeeee my inspirationn
Although we do financially struggle, I am able to provide a safe, happy, and healthy home for them, along with food clothing and lots of fatherly love.
When #BlackMenGuide #BlackBoysShine
To add, representation matters. Yes, anyone can be a role model, however, it has been proven those who look like you help with success rates. The same people complaining about "us" not taking care of our communities, complain when we do. Have a seat!
Once again.... Label yourself. LoL fool
GOAT
#KINGTALK
#blackfathersmatter
Us white people don’t need nobody
Doesn't even need to their father? Wtf is that...is that even proper english...educate yourself haha
yooooooo..jejeje..
Top #NBA tweet today on http://sportofusa.com 
Issues get involved! #pray4peace I belive #330
Thank you for being a role model as a father, particularly with all the distractions you have.
It’s crazy that these replies are about how anyone can be a father to Black boys, as if your message was even about Black boys needing dads....I guess some dads didn’t teach their kids reading comprehension skills
You’re a class act on and off the court.  I’m proud of you. #KingJames

Im the son of a German immigrant who got beat up daily for his german accent. Lemme tell u something NOT ONCE DID I EVER HEAR MY OLD MAN EVER COMPLAIN HOW ITS EVERYONE ELSES FAULT ABOUT http://ANYTHING.my  father is a real man cause REAL MEN DONT MAKE EXCUSES no matter what.
True dat
Listen. Don’t take offense immediately. That’s the problem that ends friendships and lives. Listen
You nailed it King James. Young men need grown leaders in their life.
Thanks for the reminder. I needed to hear that
Dog. Whites are "all lives matter'ing" this tweet.
Follow @Moddagod on IG (ModDaGod)
I agree the absence of the black father in our communities is alarmingly high .. black male presence in positive form is the slow crock pot version of success that many of us often overlook .. you don’t have to be wealthy to be a role model you just have to CARE
That's why your my favorite athlete of all time
Aye man..im not much of a fan of you as a player,but by far as a individual overall I admire that you had never given up, even when not havin a father. There must've been some great individuals around you to support you.That's all you need most of the time 
#realdeal
When SUCCESS is more important than SWAG in the black community, things will change. Education and hard work is promoted a whole lot less than a quick buck and slangin
That's real. Keep spreading the word!
#GOATBron
Invest in bitcoin and get 1000% profit
Reading some of these comments makes me sad.  This is a positive message of thanks and encouragement.  Period.
Agree!!
A young Black is going to see or identify with Black Males before seeing any other culture ,so it’s important for Black Males to be positive influences
LOL.... boys of ALL races need strong mentors in their lives.
THE ELDERS GAVE UP ON US, THEN WE FOUND SUCCESS ON OUR OWN & THEY HATED ON US. DON'T CHASE THAT SELL OUT FROM NORTH CAROLINA. YOU'VE BEEN PASSED HIM UP IN GOD'S EYES & OURS. LET HIM CHASE THE MAN U ARE. ITS BIGGER THAN THE GAME. HE NEVER STOOD FOR US, U IMPODMISE THE BEST OF US.
The @OK_Program is the ONLY Program in the nation that interviews and recruits full time Black Police Officers, who work directly with Black Men in the community, to make a difference in the lives of Black Boys! The @OK_Program is the SOLUTION! 
What about all boys? Not just black boys?
This tweet said nothing disrespectful about any other race yet you are under it crying let a black man address black boys without you (a guy who has nothing to do with either party) crying over it
Yes BUT so do ALL other races
No shit, he specifically mentioned black boys though
Change the word “black” for “white” or “blonde” and you’ll see that this isn’t right.
Amen.

#facts
is this the same labron who claimed NOT to know about Tamir Rice yeah thought so. EVERY child needs Their father now lets talk systems
system that destroy Black families
like @NBA recruiting highschool kids,
 disparaging crime outcomes for Blacks. labron gets on my nerves
this is dissapointing veiwpoint bron. We are supposed to be working towards skin color not mattering at all. I see your point but what your saying is segregation. role models are bigger than color. We all need role models and skin color shouldn't make a difference
By "real issue" do you mean using birth control instead of having unprotected sex? Or by "real issue" do you mean men and women being accountable for their actions when they bring a life into the world?
True we as Black Men have to show the way. Too long Black women had to do it alone.
#TwoSessions #全国两会 #钱旺 #钱宝 用心做事的人，为他人着想的人，永远记在人民心中！为良心企业点赞实实在在做事的钱旺集团，公益事业，一切按照党的规程一路前行，希望中央能看到 ，钱旺实实在在在为百姓做实事，符合国家方针和政策，希望还百姓一个真相，相信党，相信政府。关系到百万家庭，
Black boys have experiences in this country that only black men understand that is what he's saying. Just like women can only understand what a girl goes through. Studies show that black boys do better throughout life when they have black male role models
These same ppl criticizing u are the FIRST ones to holler abt the black father not being @ home.

I only hope you can see the effects of all your hard work and being such a great role model. You amaze us each ay #MoreThanAnAthlete
Education Bureau is very important
Amen
You’ve turned out to be an incredible man - keep up the great work!

I don't know why it has to be a black, not just a positive male role model. Maybe inspiration? Don't understand. But to imply I can't relate to African Americans because I haven't walked in their shoes, is to deny that humans can even experience empathy or sympathy.
All boys need men in their lives that lead and guide them - as do girls - our country is in crisis- parents are not parenting - you and your wife should start a movement!! You would be great mentors!!
So my decade as a Big Brother to a Black boy whose Black father abandoned him means????
God bless you

lets trust the process bro!!!! @sixers
LeBron, I love ya man, but you're one of the people who needs to get educated on these political issues before you speak out. All boys need a man I  their lives to guide and teach them, not just black boys and men
This tweet is funny in an ironic type of way
Thanks for being the Voice the gift!
If that is true then it's true for every race... how about just having a good man in their life to teach them how to be one... your saying all the inter racial parents put there are inadequate?... I have no chance raising an adopted child of a diff color?
They don't need any certain color of man in their lives. They just need a good father, father figure, role model, good example in their lives.
You've missed the point entirely.
Your beating ur head against the wall! Tell your story & bump them! It’s exactly what goes on continues to go in this country! They continuously want to silence us & make it about them or racism. Ur reality is your reality. My 6*2in son has had to have a state ID since he was 12
People can say whatever they want about you, but I’ll always respect you for the man that you are. It’s bigger than basketball with you, and you use your platform to bring awareness on various issues. Thank you my brother. #WeWillNotShutUpandDribble
Just men. Boys need men in their lives.
Yes, that helps but , every study ever done shows they do better emotionally, socially behaviorally, motivationally and academically if they DO have their father in their lives as a positive role model..
Comments like this, is dividing this country.  But I agree that boys need a admirable role model. No matter the color.
Yes sir!!!   White dudes are absolutely no help to black boys
Great to see this from you @KingJames it’s very true
So as a white guy in a Big Brothers program to a young black kid.... I understand the point of the teeet, but as long as they have encouragement and challenged and are respected, the race side of that tweet will not be all that important.
I'd argue a father figure is important to a kid regardless of race and gender.
That's not the point, smh...
Harden still MVP
Racist
Stop perpetuating stereotypes;
If you woke up tomorrow and everyone was the same color there would still be conflict because some people are horrible humans. Perhaps you should say black boys need positive males in their lives regardless of race.
Φωνή
PREACH PREACH PREACH
I am white and in my neighborhood I had plenty of strong, kind and protective African -American as well as Caucasian father figures. I had a father at home and we had many fathers looking after us away from home. To LBJs point, stats show  father figures needed in AA community
Thank you for words of courage
Why are people offended by this? A black kid is going to relate to a black man more. It’s that simple
And white boys dont???????????????? And now another reason to hate him. HES RACIST
Are u a man or woman??
Dawg
I'm serious bro!  I'm confused as f**k lmao 
Talking about it and living it is 2 different things. There's no way if you're with your black child and a cop stops you, you can direct that child or know the feeling that child feels when that cop destroys his manhood for no apparent reason other than his skin color.

We all look up to our on race its a fact..
Yes
this is one smart woman,with balls to  face the nra!!go get that nra.
shut up and practise for the finals. This is prolly the reason to why you always lose it, always focusing on the society and not basketball
Hello Friend, I'm Niaz from kurdistan iraq 
I would like to ask you to follow my new account
because I lost my previous account for no reason
I had had many followers on that account, so I want them back 
follow me and invite your friends
Why does it have to be black specifically? What’s wrong with any other man of any race??
You won't understand... You'd have to be black and a man... Our experience is different from others... Just like you can't relate to the intersectionality of hurdles my black daughter will have to go through as a black woman...
This is the type of stuff that will define you long after basketball. You’re one of the greatest players of all time, but this is more important. I love knowing that someone with your conviction is the face of the NBA.
Amen
Listen Steve Tsai, comments like the one you made on this topic is one of the reasons LeBron tweeted this message. When black cops start killing unarmed whites, and when whites are systemically oppressed as black men are, perhaps you could use that race card. #BlackLivesMatter
As a white man there is always gonna be certain situations that I will not be able to fully understand when it comes to helping young black males. Young black boys need to see ppl that go through or have gone through similar struggles as them.
I'm sure a White man can do the same
Mad respect those who think outside the box for us black males. You are the true warriors god plants as seeds to bring forth righteousness to a people that keep being trampled over and denied the truth!
About time you spoke on a real issue. Not some identity driven political garbage.
I guess I don't get this.. Why do black boys need black men and not just a strong father figure regardless of race?
The fact you don't get it says you're not aware of the epidemic taking place in his community. And if you don't understand it, should you even be commenting at all? That's the question you should be asking...
More boys need to become men and raise their offspring.  Moms get it, but the world would benefit greatly if Dads did too
I think black men are great but any man will do. White, Asian, and Green men can be role models to black youth too.
Amen raised 1 son and now raising a 2nd who’s now 4. Both Raised with respect in their hearts, competitiveness and love for others! God bless
Word up bro
All these ppl screaming "all races" are missing the point. Which is EXACTLY why he speaking this way, in the first place. Stop reaching, and just shut up and listen, for once
This is what we are trying to do at Big Brothers Big Sisters. https://www.facebook.com/BBBSBluegrass/posts/1695650537167805 …
Why do we lable things like this? Black boys, White boys, Asian boys, Latino boys, American Indian Boys, Hawaiian boys just need men in their life period. The character of the man you are would lead me to believe a poison mindset and post like this doesn’t define you . #ChangeLBJ
YES SUCH A TRUE POSITIVE MESSAGE & what is sad people want to argue about this message for no reason HATE IS SO REAL
If a white Father worded a post this way it would be a different story. I love LBJ and we are all just people. But very poorly worded I tell ya
Nope, not poorly worded, just poorly understood. The issue is epidemic in his community. All he's doing is speaking about it and what needs to be done. To find a problem in a message like that is both bizarre and telling...
Facts
Doesn’t need to be their father? Way to encourage absent fathers. Such a disappointing statement from someone who should know better.
GOAT

Can I just say thay I had mentors of different colors and backgrounds in my life? We need ALL men to watch out for and train up our younger men.
sure you are free to tweet whatever you want sir 
Ok
How about a man of any race to be there for the child?
Thats cool make your own tweet, this tweet was specifically about black men and black boys
Let's be clear about something. EVERY little boy needs a strong father/male role model in their lives. NOT JUST LITTLE BLACK BOYS.
I have  never seen a  black  person  or white one. But if it means a person  of African origin and European origin fine. Whites believe they are  superior  and Blacks have believed in that lie. In school we were taught that Africans are primitive unpacified and savages.
Funny... they take/took our fathers from our communities and then come to twitter to call us racists for wanting our fathers in our communities.
Why not go all in and admit that one of the real issues in the black communities is lack of fathers? Stop giving cop outs and demand better. It does need to be fathers!
You are so much more than an amazing athlete! Keep talking. Keep using your platform! Keep speaking out and keep being you!
If we’re all the same white single out the blacks?
Very good
All boys need father figures in their lives. God knows where’d you be if you weren’t good at ball.
I am just a small town special education teacher who considers myself very blessed, and would be considered poor compared to you. If this is true, you are better than that so stop and just play ball!
Bron..Bron....that tradition isn't passed on...Black men been rising children they know arent't their's sense slavery.. And getting no credit .. The tradition is dead and selfishness lives
Racist. All kids need a father and mother.
Ase
Word Bron, you are such a great role model for all of our young black men! Keep it up king!
Sounds like a fantastic way of encouraging a society to grow diverse: by telling people our kids need to spend more time with more people of their own color.
A post like yours exhibits why the tweet was not for you. Single parenthood and the damaging effects of it are most prevalent in the black community, so him being a black man speaking on it makes perfect sense. He's totally right. There is nothing even remotely wrong with it.
Thank you for your role model image for my 15 y/o boy who loves basketball, whose father died of Colon Cancer when he was 4 y/o. The basketball sport has been a part of his family & therapy.
Thank you ,young man well said
Real talk
Mentorship is a key ingredient to teach boys to be men + plus having these men aroubd continuously as a siurces of knowledge! #Growth through knowledge!
Wow so racist
It’s really not u just don’t understand it smh
Oh ok
