@KingJames Only player ever with +30K points +8K assists +8K rebounds ...ONLY PLAYER EVER. 
admitting you only care about stats rather then team victories? and ur what these young players look up to... yikes
To who ever reading this this ant no b.s. I really need help im.doing bad please can so help me I leave in Michigan im about to lose my house please help me
King James going be the only player in story of basketball who going to have 40 k points 10 k assist and 10k reboound
come 2 philly
King  James
PG: George Hill
SG: Rodney Hood
SF: LeBron James
PF: Larry Nance Jr
C: Kevin Love

Cavs win in 6
Yes they will beat the wizards
Thanks for the 146 likes y'all
Lebron a stat padder confirmed!!!
Don't hate just cause your a curry fan, you don't have to like him but at least respect him as a player and as a person off the court, he's one of a kind. We will never see a player even close to LeBron again.
Congrats LBJ!!

Hello
Way to go LJ! 
Get that triple double career stats before you retire pls.
Sympa pour tes autres coéquipiers 
Cavs are going to be a tough challenge for Rockets or Warriors once Love is back.
Thanksz assist
MJ was 6/6 in the finals on the same team. Just sayin
Still not @Jumpman23

Cocky ass selfish player who only pads the stats
Guess what he is a ball hog

I’m “In My Lil Gap”  

https://youtu.be/Knnsbjkqvgo  
*Assists
Come to Phoenix
Deadly stats man!!! I my not be a huge fan ! But the man earned my respect by knocking the warriors off and knocking a few inches of currys inflatable head lol a year before I cheered for the warriors untill I see curry and the way he acts !! Your head shoulders abovein class bro
We miss u kevin love 
Too scared to join the slam dunk contest. Won two titles by swirching teams and joining forces with two in- prime players. Won third title cuz curry was injured and green got suspended
And lost the first one because Kevin love and kyrie was hurt....
Nice
 God bless you and your family
My KING....My IDOL...
#GOAT .....there is no discussion....#PERIOD
Only player ever and best player ever!
Thé King tu es les meilleurs
Kevin Love is the Link the Cavs need dearly, a bunch of great guys with great potential, Kevin can re ignite the three ball as well as be another threat to the opposing defense if he has the same attitude as the group!
So you get more wins..thats greater than getting more assist..
8k and counting 
Congratulation my G
Tryna get that all time Triple Double!!!

Lebron.....really?
Lol
Assists should be plural. You should have went to college.
You re such a solid player  #Legend
Two weeks from today!  My girls’ dreams are realized as they get to see @KingJames in Portland!  #montanagirlslovecavs #montanagirlsdreamscometrue
Let's go cavs!!!
@KingJames is the Best ever, playing the game the right way on the court. But #BlackExcellence off the court, tackling real life social issues. And all his philanthropy.
Love: Only player ever...

Lebron: I already told you we aren't trading you.

Love: Ok, cool.
We miss u kevin love 

congrats!
YOU ARENT THE GOAT. MJ IS WILL ONLY BE THE GOAT. YOUR THE GOAT OF FLOPPING AND CRYING
Too bad the NBA doesn’t record flops.  He’d be on that Mt. Rushmore too.
And 100K crybaby moments!   Diva James will never ever have the earned respect of MJ.   He did it without oozing his PMS all over the place every night and MJ never made up a story about his home being vandalized.  Where’s the picture Lebron?   Still waiting......
Part of me is thinking LeBron texted Kevin "Yo bro can you please tweet this for me" HAHAHAHAH
That's a great record 
Yes the king
Haha
Good one 
lolzz
Best tweet of cavs history
#LeBronJames #KingJames #30K8K8K #Cavs
You are my superstar.
@KingJames ....you're the fvcking best..........all fr u.....kinging.....am taller Dan u tho...6'7.....hct....#YNWA...HAIL LEBRON!!!!
Can't stand some of the political nonsense you talk BUT AS FAR AS BASKETBALL IT HAS BEEN AN ABSOLUTE PLEASURE.. WATCHED YOU IN HUNTINGTON BACK IN THE DAY...I GOT TO GROW UP WITH JORDAN AND LEBRON... BASKETBALL WISE LIFE DOESN'T GET BETTER
Does this mean than Love will get traded next year??  
Don’t be using my phrase Boi without footnoting Bookman
Hey Love there has to more Bron Ass Kissing, you should feel lucky he didn’t throw under the Bus like All that got traded 

@GuapoKon something you would say lol look at the first comment
Exposed boosting
What team will he dismantle next year? Kinda the question for 10 years... congrats on your made up landmark
The rumors always use to be that Kevin love didn’t fit in the mix - WELP! Cavs traded half the team but not @kevinlove so I guess he was never an issue 
The Goat
@kevinlove GOAT
Assists **
Ok that kinda talk makes me feel better.  Golden state better get ready!
@KingJames I am such a fan!! #notsurprised
I think @kevinlove is trying to let the world know who the best player in the league is... Possibly even the GOAT.
Talk about butt buddies

Don’t shut up and don’t stop dribbling! Congratulations King!! #ShutUpAndDribble #KingJames #NBA

I miss Larry and Magic
God, I love you guys!!
Its because players actually played defense back when the game was for men.. if not there would be many more with these stats. Even#gregkite
How to spell LBJ?  G.O.A.T.!
ONLY player ever to go 3-5 in the finals lmaoo
Lonzo lost to bow wow in a shoot out
he actually won. Y’all let Javalle hit faders on y’all? Lmao
G.O.A.T. in my opinion.
Confirmed stat ladder
Only NBA Player ever.. no amount of abuse, or sports repudiation you hurl at Lebron James will or can change the physical fact of those numbers.. ONLY PLAYER EVER!!!kudos King James!!
Congratulations brother! You have surpassed Michael Jeffrey Jordan in every way possible. This is coming from a Michael Jordan Kool-Aid drinking kid! You deserve all the credit. I’m happy for you!
Is Kevin your boi toy?
u mean get back so we can hold a team meeting on how u maybe faking injuries?
You are just a stat padder!!!
@kevinlove
Job security lol
 my favorite player has given up on a championship this year 
3-5 that is all...
corny.
@kingjames you the truth boi.
S
Greatest flopper of all time
CONFIRMED STAT CHASER
confirmed GOAT*
v5  23333
Which player has LeBron assisted the most?
I want to say
you are a  心机boy
Jajajjajajaj
One of the All Time greats, a true King. 

Congratulations.
Yes Sir And Here He is Ladies And Gentleman The One And The Only @KingJames.He's On A Basketball Roll.AllForOne And OneForAll .With The CAVS #1: ) Yezz !!!
Lmfao this man Bron
Who paid these two to pretend they liked each other??
Sheeesh
Assists*
No defense league
Awwww. Bromance. @KingJames @kevinlove
...but less rebounds 
“I’m a fall guy”
And so @kevinlove can get more rebounds if ya dig... 
y'all in the same locker room go over there and talk to each other
You already have 8k
#Congrats My lodi The King @KingJames First Player To Reach  30K  8K 8K
you mean more rebounds?
Defensive player of the year? No
Its MJ 1, LBJ 1b
Keep it up xx
Balling Status ! Another  Please
brotherhood!!! yeah hurry up @kevinlove ,we can't for your comeback! Can't wait to see your tandem with Nance Jr inside and grab those boards 
Assists**
@kevinlove Hey @isaiahthomas they having Bromance w/o you! What kinda shit is that! Did you congratulate Bron on 30K, 8K, 8K btw?
My dude @MarlonWayans said Lebron looks like his gooch.. hair all sparse.. lol!

That's wassup! You go LeBron James! 
El mejor jugador de todos los tiempos King james forever
Hell of an accomplishment !!! That's basketball's equivalent of Barry Bonds being the only person to hit 400 HR's and steal 400 bases... #KingShit
Still ain’t better than Jordan tho 
More assists, less Larry O’Brien trophy’s
决定三要上演了
king
But we all know who’ll be racking up the Assists when Kevin is back
@DMH619 just unzip his pants and get on your knees why don’t you??
Congrats LBJ. Not an avid fan of yours but a fan of your game. #RespectTheKing

Great Job
And rebounds 
https://soundcloud.com/anthonybaconmusic/go-get-that-bag-1 …
I love you guys sm. 
@_ParkerOneil me n u

Loser
Be careful @kevinlove .. what @KingJames really means is “ Hurry up and get back so I can start blaming you again for not fitting in “
lets watch anime broh
You are a good player, no doubt. Yet you’re a big baby and obviously not intelligent by you saying boiiii. Now I know it’s slang but it just show your stupidity and why you should speak on political issues. That is all.
Lots of assists in philly
You know I’ll LBJ once to throw you at least another 500 assist’s so get healthy And get back on the court because we need you
Come to the @sixers
But who has had the longest NBA career?..Boii been playing since Moses parted the red sea
Best answer ever... #altruism 
BUM
@kevinlove jAJA
Assists = yell at you in practice

On Top x Phocus feat. BayMusic 
Full video: https://youtu.be/xXb4FlsJgj8  
I always knew you were hungry for stats
Stat pat headass
Still my dad
@kevinlove honestly i miss seeing you on the court killin it with @KingJames 
GOAT.
#CompleteTheProcess
Why would you want him back for only one assist? Seems dumb
Grow up Adam
@cam_bizzl3 boiiiiiiii 
Congrats bro.. You truly are the .. #Believeland #Cavs
Media be like: LeBron bashes his other team mates ability to shoot

That's my big brother's idol 
Divide it by 1,000 and you have an average LBJ stat line...30-8-8. 

The world makes sense again
Selfish
Alley Oop
Assist’s. Should have gone to college
Wow that really says it all. Congrats LBJ
#PhillywantsLebron

Back on the vino
He coming to Philly too? 
Lebron isTHAT GUY!!!! I would love to see him denie more layups dunks n drives to the basket he should put everyone to the floor who comes in the paint thats what i want not him turning his back so guys can walk it right in
But he bitch tho!!!
You knw @RealSkipBayless gon hate you for this statement.. 
Hey Skiiiiiip... you listening!!
