I wonder if Laura “shut up and dribble” Ingraham will be watching? 
This tweet is from 4/4.  She's too good to watch a black hero I'm sure.
Don't smile too hard in that new Sprite commercial hahsajass...... you look like that other Capricorn are Kelly too much.
If @KingJames is taking over Hollywood, that means he is #kingofthepedos

Keep your kids safe.
If you knew anything about civil rights you would think before you speak negatively of our great president.  King James 
CAN THE NEW CAVS SHAKE THE PLAYOFF JITTERS ???
Multimedia empire!
Did you invent that too? You invented #barbershop talk, and you prolly invented #tattoos as well. #GTFOH
Bro, Lebron isn’t barbershop talk 
He's referring to the barbershop talk uninterrupted series, which yes is LeBron's platform. Not that he invented the concept but yeah what t-rock is referring to is LeBron's
Ohhhh, that makes sense. XD
You right, but to throw salt on nick saben for having a similar show is like hawian punch talking shit to the koolaid man.
Will basketball ever be more popular than baseball? They don’t have a chance to be more popular than football in America but will they take 2nd place ever??
This is cool and all, but real talk, what's the end game? What was motivation behind doing this documentary and what are you hoping to achieve by sending it out the rest of the world?
Great work @KingJames! Thank you!
May want to brush up on the education.  Media isn’t a sport brah.  #MAGA
BLESS GODYES ! Preach is GOOD GOD is GOOD Ezra 3:11 Ultimately GOD is Merciful brother lebron as messenger i Encourage take Courage in what GOD has given you Rebuke when Called for, you! are a Watchman/Ambassador amenbrotherly lovePr15:31-32,Ps141:5,Ezk3,1Cor3
nice
Garbage terrible don’t see it horrible horrific and racist
Good stuff LB
Can we get a black guy to replace Jimmy Kimmel!!! White people have late night on lock! Maybe Charles Barkley can take over for Jimmy Kimmel!!!
Idool ^_^
Beautiful. 
33 yr old Lebron James Prophesy!
Watch "The Scribe; Shutup and dribble" on YouTube
Dude has 0 self awareness
 

The Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him,said O people, ur Lord is one and ur father Adam is one. There is no favor of an Arab over a foreigner, nor a foreigner over an Arab, & neither white skin over black skin,nor black skin over white skin,except by righteousness.
The GOAT on and off the court 
https://amzn.to/2ICIFYI 
Brilliant!  Join us and FIGHT IT NOW!
Hi lebron... hows life there? Iv seen something, you play hard over there, keep going never fall x@ enjoy nba life, michael well? Michael jordan!.,...
Sorry @KingJames but being in a movie is not being yourself. Its all an ACT. I love and respect your game but it seems like you have fallen in love with the money, more than the game
black males between 14 and 17 commit 10x more murders than whites and hispanic males ages 14 to 17 COMBINED.
Jimmy Kimmel is racist!!! 

@TheDeliverer_32 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=74b4hVPLrDI …
Yea you need to learn about the politics before you speak !!! You have no clue what you talking about when it comes to political issues
Mr. James, Please retweet my Movement in DC
I got invited to WJLA ABC 7 for an interview about spreading LOVE. While there I was able to be kind to people. I want to encourage others to LOVE one another. Watch my Video and Retweet if you like it. I Love…
O-H!
.@KingJames taking over the world. Thank God.
Take the hoodie off during your press statement hoodlum BTW you'll never be the goat mj all day
@skills823 you aee it
@skills823
I may not understand it (old white dude), but I sure as fuck will support it.  He seems to be as good a person as he is a basketball player. Plus he hates trump.
Slavery ended in 1865. Every race has been subject to slavery. Why are you still playing victim?
I see you can you give me some tickit to a game
Your a freeking Cry Baby picking on college kids. You voice makes me want to vomit. Your a bad influence for the Black Race!!!
On what
FORGET POLITICS.  IT'S #PRINCE STORY TIME

#PRINCE4EVER
You are really inspiring.  Thank you!
How do I see this documentary?
Lebron James doing it big in areas aside from basketball. Good for him!
@KingJames the best to ever play the game of basketball and doing great things off the court   as well. #goat
https://www.facebook.com/7outof9EntReadyCityRecords/posts/1656060311128981 …
Bot
Thank you for noticing. 

Best,
Valentina Monique Lore.



@lisamurkowski @maziehirono @PattyMurray @SenatorBaldwin @SenatorCantwell @SenatorHeitkamp @SenDuckworth @SenFeinstein @SenTinaSmith thank u

Monster in basquet ball
April 5, 2018 
 God just sat & let Trump & his organization kill my love one. Jesus tried to help the situation this morning, no results. My family has no reason to praise a God, or affiliate with a church. President Trump had no jurisdiction. Indict President Trump, arrest him.
Even if ur a kid u were a monater in bascketball
King james ur the best of all time u can even win a game alone
April 5, 2018 1043 hours CST
President Trump ordered that my love one be killed last night. He killed her after I went to sleep last night. That damn God and Jesus Christ are no good anymore. They just sat and let Trump and his organization kill my love one.
April 4, 2018 1417 hour CST
 The Dept of Justice and other Federal Law Offices are weakened by exthorted money given to them by President Trump. Perverted Porn acts by sick people like President Trump will not be addressed as long as greed and exthortion go uncovered.
April 4, 2018 1417 hour CST

President Trump & members of his organization began to Sexually Abuse me this morning. I don’t believe  pressing long kisses against my lips, fishwishing with my vagina are appropriate/lawful acts by President Trump.
May GOD CONTINUE TO ORDER IT STEPS
your steps
Glad you're not just dribbling. We need your voice.
Well I heard Kobe just won the Oscar
I honestly don't like most LBJ fans because they disrespect the greats that came before him but I love the image of the black man he promotes and embodies. Keep working sir.
I don't like a lot of people on social media due to the high levels of hatred. That said, the LBJ haters all gotta come out of the cracks and compare him to the greats that came before him. I watched him from HS up to now. He's a good guy that doesn't compare himself to others.
He appreciates them for their greatness. And he gives back to the community that gave to him when he was a kid. He's having an awesome year, likely the best yet of his career. Long after career is over, his greatness will live on in his charitable works.
I agree he does. His fans younger fans who never watch the greats are the disrespectful was my point. Not all but the majority discount other greats to prove he is greater. He is one of the all time greats.
I was agreeing with your point in kinda a round about way!
Where can I watch this?
@KlarSage


#MoreThanAnAthelete
He struck a deal with nike a lifetime deal 1 billion dollars its worth
SHHHH DONT MAKE A SOUND 
SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT SHOOT
Your are  LeBron, You are 
lebron gonna build a entertainment co, leave it for a better entertainment co embarrassing and dumping all his employees, then once his new co begins to plateau , hell leave them too, and jump and skip to the next best thing.... just sayin
is he going to chase the next big media company thy that can make him profitable and whe  it cant, embarrass and leave all his employees for a better company and when that when hits hard times leave it as well and continue to jump around the entertainment business .. just asking
Bro stay in school you sound like a 3rd grader
He wants to be MJ so bad.
MJ never spoke up about social issues so how does that correlate?
I have been an LBJ fan since SVSM. Best baller alive since the best baller retired. Ultimate respect for the MAN but, tired of politicking
This ain't getting an oscar
@JZabe
Philly Philly! #TrustTheProccess

What is the name of the documentary?
看来詹姆斯不竞选总统不罢休
Si
UU

?
O
Si

@KingJames just shut up and dribble please. Win me my 4th ring so I can have a good summer

Looks like lebron wants to be remembered as an activist since he failed early in his career. Doing things jordan never done to be remembered for something. Hes sure not a better ball player.
Love you LeBron!!!
Why?
What time?
Started at 10
Shout out to you for using your platform my dude...
“Stole the show” in Train Wreck 
#KingShyt
Lebron please run for pres 2020
Yes please. That way Trump will win in a landslide.
GOAT on and off the court
On court only.

I got a lot of King James junk for Sale. Interested?
Always
Shoes autographs happy to move this junk. Everytime he opens his mouth the value plummets.
I like that king James logo on the wall, what’s autographed? 
4x mvp
Pics???
Yeah give me a little im super busy
@bes_sahitaj
Still not as domonant as...
A homeless kid raised by a single parent became one of the greatest athletes. Banking millions along the way while maintaining a positive image in order to inspire the next generation of men. Long live the King
@SpringHillEnt doing big things
Media Dominance you say ?
What’s your point

What's your point?
There isn't one.
