Much love Kobi Bryan. Me and @CyrusMehr16 love you man. You sure can ball! #takeittothehouse #thenailinthecoffin #spacejam
Who tf is “Kobi Bryan”?
Who is Kobi Bryan? HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA. Good one bro. #kingkobi
R u kidding me??? First of all it’s “Kobe Bryant”Second of all what does Kobe have to do with Lebron James??
Kobi Bryan. 8 WORLD CHAMPION TITLES???? Uhh u even ball bro?? #kingkobi
U clearly don’t watch basketball 
U clearly dont watch SPACE JAM cause youd know my man kobi be in that K??? #kingkobi
I can’t argue with people that have ZERO basketball knowledge 
I think u r the best ball player ever
stop fraternizing w the enemy plz
Who the fuck is an enemy ? You can’t tell a grown man who should be his friend and who should not . Some of you fans are so damn ignorant. On the court, they are rivals but whatever they do off the court is none of y’all business. If they friends...they stay friends.
Lebron. Your such an inspiration to me.  I am 5'9, white in 10th grade and have only been playing basketball for 1 year,  but I guarantee I'll make it to the top and your one of the biggest reasons why.  Thanks.
you are my hero!
Is there anything you don’t do? Many increases and enjoyment to the both of you! well spent, major
Lebron to Warriors confirmed 

IG: @PaintingsByAnthony 

My draw is better
Nope

@KDTrey5 don't want you on the warriors stop dick riding him and @StephenCurry30

2 goats 
Can You Help The Poor Kids In The Philippines?  Give Them Care Centers Too?
LEBRON, LOVE YOU & WHAT U REPRESENT, THAT'S  WHY GOD CONTINUE  TO BLESS U
Fmyznhzc s la de sgto – at William mcCray playground
You could have called him and said this but you made a public statement because it is good for business and your brand. What a great guy.
Oh yeah, how dare you compliment someone in public.  Don't you know that public forums are for criticism and never praise?  Why do you have a twitter account? why not just keep your thoughts to yourself since you want other people to?
Being born after the year 2000 must be tough. It's hard to tell when a brand is pushing a narrative.
Actually I'm almost 30.  What narrative is he pushing?  That KD is a good person?  Why should you only praise someone in private.  People get criticized in public so why is it wrong to build someone up in public.  Giving a shoutout for something positive is bad? Get real

Respect Blue 2.0

So phenomenal!

it's not that deep, mikaylx. pipe down.
Ah lovers quarrel
look at your avi ...
Mine?
LeBron stans when he complainants KD
"complainants"??? LOL! 
KD hacked LeBron's account

Looks like 2 New Lakers for 2019 showing each other mad love lately 
LeBron to the Warriors conformed
So hey King James.  Why don't you have an intellectual debate with @IngrahamAngle 
I see two reasons, fear your thoughts may be changed or lack of intellect. 
#stepuporshutup

FAKE.
you look like Nes from Super Smash Bros .
Nice!

My Son Austin Perine poured his heart out to Birmingham, Al. Please watch, retweet and share. It's pretty cool. 
You can go to golden state  with curry and KD. HOLP YOU CAN WIN 2018 championship  bro
Justise better
He will be EVEN BETTER if LeBron comes and mentors him in Miami 
Until it happens Justise better
Justise > your favorite PG, SG, SF, PF, & C
Stop it kiddo

Lmao good meme but justise aint even second best on his own team
Leave my SF, PF, & PG alone and just know Justise better
Sup bron bron how ya doin?

i love them both
@SommerBackup
Love  you James family.
Awesome
Damn Man U are so soft. Ur lucky ur 6’9” and 250 pounds of muscle
I wonder what Laura Ingram does for her community?
Didn’t he tweet about Step earlier and now KD? Things that make go hmmm???? @stephenasmith @ShannonSharpe @StephenCurry30
you are a warm man
Gatta make a positive impression on the new generation. Love this!!!
You comin to la or what g

Befriending your enemies as usual
Why u bandwgen. U know Kevin is better ?
I love what he's doing on D, too.  U can't by him without that moving screen.

Great job at being a negative influence to the young people of America
I love to hate y’all on the basketball court but I’ll never question y’all as black men
What would the NBA be without your voice @kingjames? Beyond the fact that you are the goat of our time, you make want to do more in my community. Keep it up!!
Good dude....Always love KD.....
Lebron i want to see you win homie this fast break stuff not gonna beat Golden state or houston you have slow the game down and get back to the post jus like you did in miami
@cjandersonb22
What's a "G"?
True G indeed love it.
Using greatness for good!
KILL IT MEAN URYTHING TO HE LOW INCOME AREAS OF PG THAT GET LEFT OUT BY URYBOHY SALUTE DAT MAN KD AGAIN MOE #CAPITOLHEIGHTSAMBASSADOR
Morocho mas te vale que todo este humo no sea lobby pa irte a jugar con estos frescos
Thank God you guys don't shut up and just dribble.
Only your fan
And lebron, that's okay
 Amen KD I love  what my strong blessed men are doing keep up the great work. Much love to you King James and the rest of the crew
Like you LBJ he’s a true Brother with class.
Reverse psychology this year ? Or you just actually turn weird and soft ?
Why do I think you two are going to be playing on the same NBA team some day soon.  Bot of you are going to Philadelphia or New Orleans
I think it is most appreciated, when U go back 2 where U were from, and make a difference! KD has always been a Giver!
As a teacher, I can tell U @KDTrey5 did a lot 4 homeless kids, and kids in the OCPS district, but they weren't grateful!

Snake
Boss moves
He must know KD is his Daddy on the court. Stop it LeBron!!!
We need more people that will take that step
lebron to GS..
At the end of the day basketball is just a job they play. A job that they love to do. When u love something it never feels like work. The world is bigger then basketball why shouldn't they support one another. People need to grow up.
Someone tell kd to get off LeBrons twitter
Thats your enemy. Stop tweeting about golden state players dude
@BarstoolBigCat  #shesssh
KD and LeBron are inspirational on and off the court. Athletes are role models as are parents or anyone children interact with or see.
It’s actually a great thing when athletes do more than shutup and dribble hey
Respect!!!! Dubs in 6
James，u crazy fans in China! ＃CAVS＃
Hats what it’s all about..
It sure does bro 1 day imma build something in my name for the kids .
I agree...a memory for a lifetime..as an educator we love to create those academic memories
Much respect to  you both
My 90 year old mother in law from Cleveland raves about you @KingJames and your work for the children of Akron. You are a great man but I am from Boston, so go Celtics!!
This is so wonderful! I’m glad that KD saw a need and he is doing something about it. You do the same @KingJames as well. Rivalry is only on the court but off the court we have work to do. Thanks again @KDTrey5 !
@KDTrey5 hacked @KingJames 's account
@JackTheLad44 I’m done talking shit with you again yeah
Meaning?
hi~
I feel like slowly LeBron is passing the torch to Durant
LeBron, you are an inspiration to many people.. You are a credit to Akron and ST Vincent/ St Mary’s... You and KD are both caring and honorable men.. Blessings to you both!

Next year come to europe and  play for Fenerbahce last 2 season of your carrer king... take the taste of europe before finish your carrer so after america become  a king in europe too:) first player in the world.. king

Eye see you
Congrats on the legendary stats Braun
#respect
GO TO GOLDEN STATE TEAM !
New Video up PLUS A GIVEAWAY  Check it out FAST 
https://vyper.grsm.io/KonstantinBasalaеv … hi, получи свои 50 долларов LIKe

Your such a great sportsman.
你一直是榜样
Man KD should join the Cavs! Maybe the best player on the Cavs and in the world would take a pay cut for KD to come to the Cavs lol ..KD you would be close to DC to watch your Redskins and go to games!?
The king in the NBA LeBron James
Salute to @KDTrey5 for that and @carmeloanthony as well but we need @KingJames to work on that down low game ..
Sheeeeesssshhhhh

Please help me
Greatness applauding Greatness

U and Anthony Davis are gonna join the warriors and ruin the nba for the next 15 years. It was going so well 
Bron to Warriors confirmed
Come to the dubs bron bron..
Respect on and off court  greatvfolks!.making an impact.!!!!! Just limit cussing the pres to http://much.lb   ;) unite!
Oh where those Shoesz at 8.5
KD and Lebron to Lakers confirmed
This is like a 2k type of tweet
When you going to start that #Me3Three movement of discrimination of all sorts & kinds. #MeToo movement is long overdue before 1920(granted rights to vote) as a start of human struggles. Help them King.. Durant you always been a Knight of struggle..#BlackHistoryMonth Over&Out #
LeBron to the Warriors confirmed
Lebron is going to the warriors.

Just dribble bro
https://www.change.org/p/comcast-wifi-in-my-house?recruiter=860163485&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=share_petition … please sign my petition for WiFi
You’re not so bad yourself, Bron. I see you.
He still a straight pussy though right master LeBron?
You didn’t do too bad yourself.  Generations will be grateful
King Jesus says help bring PLAY4 PAY and @nba to oversee end of NCAA stealing of the players monies$1B. Maybe our new 5-7 game Series in INSANITY BASKETBALL will bring $2B annual Goal to crush no pay basketball Your Efforts is Essential. 808-397-0344
lol
Snakes have always been a  backstabber only .... Not a person who puts themselves in a position to be successful
Trump never did that in DC
We could use your help in Omaha with your friend @WarrenBuffett. We have so many kids that need safe places after school! I have a few great agency that just need your help 
They follow the king's lead
I guess you were REALLY watching so you can see how YOU can defend against KD cuz he is now up to your level.....good luck if make finals ur need it. hahahahaha
I commend you brothers for what y’all doing
Hey Lebron!This is my first comment on twitter!I just want to tell you l'm your number one fan!!!
Soon...
If that happens the NBA should just automatically give them the championship every season no one will compete
Right. Whoever made the pic was smart though. Still put Bron in the front 
wth is goin on these dudes been hella nice to each other lately
Can't wait when both you 2 take action together. Everybody going to know. 

Salute. Dubs in 5
 Boom!

I’m surprised he didn’t leave them too
Yet all you guys do is dribble. #InghramAngle #FoxNoClueNetwork
Thanks LeBron for genuinely caring about kids and promoting so much goodwill - it's awesome.
You only saying that so sports media will talk about you giving KD props cause thats what Drama Queens do.

Lebron to the warriors 
Salute to two brothers moving the culture forward.
We know your just trying to be buddies with KD so he shows you mercy in the finals if you make it there that is. Your an Orc nothing more!
Hope you saw my purple and gold tweet.  Only one organization that you can sport those colors
You’re a great player, but that fact that you call yourself @KingJames is weak
I commend you on all that you do. Keep up the great work and would you please say a prayer for me that I make my quota of a thousand signatures so that I may get a petition going against a hospital that doesn't care about the people. We all have to make a stand and I am but 1
Man putting these kids through school Is amazing @KDTrey5 lead the next generation!!
#Salute
Sheeeesh!!
I love the way you brothers support each other

On Top x Phocus feat. BayMusic 
Full video: https://youtu.be/xXb4FlsJgj8  
Yeah on behalf of all those kids thanksssssssssss
#DontShutUpAndDribble
Grammar not, up-and-coming learning center. Holla.
What would mean a lot to those kids, as well as kids and fans everywhere is you and KD lowering the price of your shoes. That’s real talk and not a puff piece. Stay real bro. Smh 
James wears Hands Up Don’t Shoot shirt. Obama’s DOJ finds FACTS PROVE Michael Brown DID NOT have his hands up, DID NOT say don’t shoot, witnesses admitted they lied. Innocent NY cop murdered by man believing those lies. James don’t care bout murdered cop & refuses to apologize.
勒布朗 詹姆斯！
SHEESH

Dang @KDTrey5 done some brons phone
#newburner
@KingJames can you get any @DNC @GOP @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats to look into getting schools Metal Detectors? Uniforms also help. It helped in Brooklyn. @KDTrey5 #MASS #MakeAllSchoolsSafe #TheNoGunSolution
@RealSkipBayless 
Skiiiiiiip...
Stop it!!
Wuuuuup!
You heard the King Skiiiiiip!
Don’t let this distract u from the fact that Trump donates his entire Prez salary to charity. Boom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcmYwud5LQ0 …

Can you come play in his hometown.. I mean you have your biggest games in DC , might as well make it your home! PRESIDENT JAMES
Go President Trump. MAGA!! 2020 will be another easy election.
Fantastic!
