How’s this for fitting, considering the Kevin Durant-LeBron James discussion that sparked all this was an @uninterrupted production? This is what you see when you walk into their office in LA. https://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nba/2018/02/16/kevin-durant-lebron-james-laura-ingraham-comments/347322002/ … 
Yes
Yea bruh but its cool tho.   Me too
You’re handsome bruh

@sam_amick   haha

NBA is global  #wewillnotshutupanddribble
LBJ Cmon
You have +40 million people following you precisely because they want to hear what you have to say!
Laura Ingraham is an intelligent woman.

The woman that called him out was the same woman that used the Cavs parade and said it was the audience waiting for Trump, the irony
I love Laura.
She's an educated woman.
Let's talk about black education, black unemployment etc..
Nah. But, the white woman who happens to have a segment on Fox News and refers to black people as “they”, is racist. 
White woman? They?
Laura Ingraham is her name, and she isn't racist.
Watch the damn clip, woman. She refered to African Americans as “they”. And yes, she is a white woman. Are you senile? Leave social media please
Agree with his views or not, but what sets LeBron and others like him (@JOEL9ONE, @KDTrey5) apart is their willingness to use their platform to represent those that don’t have the same voice.
It's not "their platform".

Mr. James is a paid entertainer. Moreover, he's paid for a specific type of entertainment.

If Mr. James wants to quit basketball and go into political punditry, he's free to do so.

People don't buy tickets to listen to him, they pay to see him play!
So him being a “paid entertainer” means that he loses all rights as an American citizen? He’s an American just like you and I and everyone else that lives in the US. He just has more money than most people but he didn’t get that over night. Hard work got him where he is at today
I couldn't agree more!

Mr. James is extremely talented and hard working.

His chosen occupation and career history, even - his area of expertise, is in basketball.

I have been well paid for my work, that doesn't mean I know anything about basketball.

Just my opinion.
And he was just giving his opinion in a car just like you just did here. Only difference is more ppl care what he has to say than you.
That's the problem. People need to stop listening to everyone else and think for themselves. Why should people care more about what he says?
“People” will always care about what certain ppl say.. That’s what having ‘influence’ is.
Lmmfao queen james has influence over who again? I musta missed that part
It's very, very clear that Lebron is a racist.  No doubt about it.
Nor should you
Was Steve Kerr or Greg Popovich ever told to shut up and coach for their political views? #wewillnotshutupanddribble
I bet his whole life is going to end because you're not going to watch his games  you can hold this L too

Why you choose to comment on one of his tweets is beyond my understanding. I mean you don’t like him right?
The man is CRYING for attention!!!  must be a butt hurt patriots fan, still hating on the world! 
@KingJames as much as I wish you wouldn't stoop to President Trump's level and basically personally disrespect him, @IngrahamAngle crossed the line in condescending to you and KD, does not reflect too well
I agree that you, nor any athlete, should be silent. However, and this is coming from a huge fan, your opinions and thoughts LeBron, are not any more important or valid than mine, your everyday working person.
He never said his opinions were more important
Ingraham is the one that ripped his opinion, his education and his language. She’s the one that wants him to “shut up and drilbble.” Agree or disagree, he’s got that right.
Who is Laura Ingram anyway?
Since @IngrahamAngle hate-mongering "dribble" against #LebronJames I made it my business to learn about her. She has political aspirations. The last thing we need is another small-minded hater in power. I think it's important we band together and make she NEVER realizes them.
I'll add this, before today, I didn't know much about #LeBronJames either. Except that, he's a talented basketball player. So, I made it my business to learn about him too. I learned he's an upstanding human being who is paying it forward. I support LeBron. He has my respect.
There's more to LeBron James then what you just said. But if that's the picture you want to paint for yourself go ahead. He campaigned with Hillary Clinton, her husband was the worst president for blacks in modern history.
LeBron James was my favorite basketball player for the first 5 years he was in the NBA. Sadly a group of NBA players began to be too political for my liking.
I'm sure he's losing sleep over the loss of your support. 
Hey New York Sports guy... What is the draw for me to come to your website? I went to it and I was confused as to why I would go there over a better site?
Ridiculous
@yumcoconuts 
actually it was booming. The economy was at a 1% growth, obama never went any higher after his first year. 1% is the worst it’s been since the Great Depression. Check your facts tom
You couldn’t be anymore inaccurate in that tweet. It got close to three percent in Obama’s last 4 years

That’s taking account his first two years when we had a Great Recession thanks to Bush and the republicans. So you obviously are the misinformed one. After Obama got us out of the recession, GDP hovered around 2-3%. Just a fact bro. Get over it
it’s not a fact though. Just because it’s a fact in your head doesn’t make it the truth
Of course it’s a fact if you would just do a little research and understand the overall situation. Look it up dummy. Prove me wrong with evidence. I’ll wait...
Dribble and shoot that ball. That's your only skill in life, Lebron. Just keep doing that and letting our @POTUS , @realDonaldTrump make the difference and change that our great country needs. You aren't paid to do that. You didnt leave HS to do that. Dribble. Shoot. Retire.
Shut up BOT!
Not a bot. Just another proud Trump voter. I can prove I'm not a bot if you really care that much. #MAGA #atheistrollcall #AtheistsForTrump #AtheistsForAmerica #Trump2020
No proof needed. Bigot.
We have a reality show star as President we officially can say whatever the hell we want. #FauxNews
We had a cummunity organizer as our last your point libtard?
@KingJames you can call yourself anything you want but at the end of the day you aren’t a politician so #ShutUpAndDribble
Bravo, sir.
You and your kind are the biggest racists in America. You had 8 years of that racist charlatan and now you cant handle a President who puts this country first. And btw under this President the lack unemployment rate is at a 15 year low. Stick to the court
Laura Ingraham made a grave error and needs to correct herself immediately.  You don’t dribble. You travel....It seems like every pro player does that these days and gets away with it.
I’m not a big LeBron fan, but I support him all the way on this .. If he wasn’t playing basketball would it be okay for him to speak his mind then? Or is it just people who are in politics that can speak their mind about other politicians? I’m confused about how this works
This thread from Chris Long is amazing
I’ll be replying to my own tweet with a collage of your network allowing political commentary from a few folks. https://twitter.com/bishopk0s/status/964348499931336704 …
That’s great .. It’s so funny how the media tries to portray things in the way they want people to see it
Yeah it’s a joke. I’m no fan of LeBron either but he embodies the American dream. Grew up poor, single mom, worked hard to escape his situation, the best of the best in his profession, good father, tons of charitable work. If he wasn’t black Fox News would love him
Edit: Fox News is painting with too broad of a brush. I’ll change that to if he wasn’t black @IngrahamAngle would love him
#LeBrute has cheated his way to the top of the league, do some internet research. 

He's never going to play in #Boston because he would tarnish our legacy. 

He's full of "supplements" , is no entrepreneur,  his companies all lose money... #LeBron ... shut up and dribble
@KingJames and @KDTrey5 are the two guys that you can't say anything to or they start crying #Racism. 

It's no wonder, they both had to move around the league so much,  because guys just don't want to play ball with them. 

Next stop guys, try this #ShutUpAndDribble
My mans is saying shut up and dribble while he's retweeting James Woods' tweets hahahahahahahah
Snowflakes at @CNN going on sick leave in droves after having to publish irrefutable fact... https://twitter.com/nick_charlton/status/893926098609819648 …
Real talk 
No, but you really should.
My man
Ignore that woman. Thank you for all you do for children. You are appreciated.
No your not, take your ATHLETICISM away and you'd all be department store/factory/fast food worker just like rest of us, ur ATHLETICISM DOES NOT give you intelligence or the RIGHT to try and DICTATE how OUR country conducts its buisness
What the hell are you talking about to dictate any situation you need to be making demands in this case we have an opinion you really tried it go back to the drawing board and try again
They're using their platform to force their opinion on every station they can thats what makes it dictating if they just said it in a interview every so often that would be sharing opinion however even you who disagrees with me can admit FS1 ESPN all of talk bout this topic a lot
So you should work hard enough at something to become worthy of someone blasting your opinions on the airwaves.

You’re not quite there yet, champ.
"But what about Chicago?" LMAO, it never fails.
Ok or Baltimore, St Louis, New Orleans, Ferguson, Gary, Houston, LA, etc. What do they all have in common? All run by democrats. Nothing to do with race. Everything to do with living in a democrat plantation. Get off the plantation and then everyone will truly be free. #Freedom
Came out of nowhere with his addition huh?
Yeah yeah yeah. Everyone’s a racist who spits facts at you. Meanwhile I don’t want voter ids which is racist. Say illegals should stay because who else will work the fields. Racist. That’s the lefts platform. You’re a victim to the democrat plantation and don’t even realize it
#LebronJames is a joke. There’s a reason people don’t respect him. He’s a big spoiled baby who is used to getting anything he wants. Many Americans are DONE listening to Millionaire celebrities talk $hit about OUR #POTUS who is doing way more for Minorities than #Obama EVER did.
Lebron came from nothing...now a self made millionaire. Donald trump is the epitome of someone who is used to getting anything he wants.
Kinda like Ben Carson?
Gtfoh
That’s pretty pathetic.  unless of course, he was needed to operate successfully on your child’s brain.  Bet you would change your tune.
Maybe your Mom needed him.
All these people saying you shouldn't speak up also voted for a celebrity president who was not qualified for the job.
He’s more qualified then a junior senator nobody from Chicago I mean Kenya. And doing a hell of a better job at it.
Misses the point completely, but thanks for the reply!
Actually he crushed your point with...a Fact!  I just hope that someday people like Lebron, Durant, Kimmel, etc. will actually start to do some thinking of their own and not “parrot” others Talking points. I have an idea! Trump should challenge King James to a spelling contest!
Trump can’t even speak. I wouldn’t be so confident that he could actually spell.
Trump speaks just fine on his own which is more than i can say for Obama who was a stammering idiot with out a teleprompter. Look it up Obama even said it himself about Biden
Just remembered something: Loved Bruce Springsteen’s music but never spent a dime on seeing him live because He always shoved his political views down the throats. So I went to Van Halen Concerts instead. Lebron: be more like Charles Barkley...do some research!
Good story. Please, tell me another.
MAGA twitter with the swing and miss jokes, yet again.
Snowflakes
According your tweets, you're the most special snowflake in this thread.
Living in Akron area, every day I see reminders of how brilliant LeBron James is. Millions of dollars on scholarships for kids, countless parks, several annual charity events, schools and an incredible Foundation. Laura Ingraham... No one voted for you either!

Thank you LeBron!
This means he’s generous, not brilliant. #english
Ok

Absolutely you will. We don't pay you for anything else. Especially not to hear your dumb, useless thoughts on things...
No hate, just fact. His mouth needs to stay shut. Zero knowledge on anything but basketball. He's proven it many times. So he's done one small thing with his millions of dollars. Good, keep it up. Maybe people will change their thought process on the cry-baby...
Married to his high school American sweetheart. 

Doesn’t have multiple ex-wives and kids he doesn’t know. 

#WeWillNotShutUpAndDribble 

#LeBronForPresident
Matters when your president is cheating on his pregnant imported wife
The people of Ohio and Florida watched you chuck and jive for Clinton....they chose Trump...just play ball, you don't got this.
Doesnt work that way. He, like you, gets to do both.
Nope. I get to speak up too and not be shouted down by you or anyone else.
Worthless huh? Thanks trumpster. I wear my Liberalism proudly. 
Of course you are...insanity doesn't come with self awareness
But bigotry does. And you have enough of that for a million people. Typical Trump supporter = abusive. Rarely right but always sure!
Every time a bigot like Laura Ingraham thinks you should stop talking it means you are doing something right.
I love getting political dialog from someone who never went to highschool...
Lebron went to St Vincent-St Mary private school in Akron...
Even if he didn’t go to high school he is well within his right to use his first amendment right to his opinion. No one in America can say that only people in “this” career field is allowed to that right, but people in this career “field” are not allowed to this right.
*anyone
I think we are beyond just the one asterisk with this one.
X0     
Thank you. No one wants you to in this household. We love you.
You made a very sweeping charge that POTUS Trump doesn't care about people. That's a scurrilous and broad charge. Millions feel otherwise and wonder how it is you have any capacity to know that.  You dribble well for sure, but perhaps you don't know people well at all.
I think they want you to get louder!!! #wewillnotshutupanddribble
James Trump is the best president to date not a racist Instead start talking about all the blacks shooting each other in all these urban cities and why there are over 70 percent of black people in our jails? Talk with Durant about all that and stop all criticism about Trump, etc.
Sin is not ended by multiplying words, but the prudent hold their tongues.
Proverbs 10:19
Hey crazy bible thumper - go act on the words you believe by instead of just tweeting! 
Do a good deed - feed or clothe a homeless person or donate to #never again movement!

Yup- exactly what I’m worried about!
He nukes Korea - then Russia and China will nuke US!


#ThenJustShutUP
IT just called .. he said u def won't shut up and pass! @isaiahthomas #ShutUpAndDribble
@KDTrey5 @KingJames  keep speaking & using your platforms brothers...beautiful young men!!
Uhhhhh #ShutUpAndDribble #ObamaGate @IngrahamAngle
How's the investigation into that racist graffiti you made up going?
Hello Mr. James.   Philly is the city of brotherly love!  A place where your views matter and you can make a difference on and off the court.
Entitled crybaby.  I looked up to drj and bird
Can you believe he thinks he is a king? 
You are an athlete that pushes lies so yes, shut up & dribble. It'd be different if you spoke truth. Why you don't go after ur run down districts that are ran by dems. Dems who push for the killing of your black babies and love to keep ur communities poor and dependent. U won't.
Some light reading for you to prepare for your debate with @ingrahamangle https://allenwest.americanewscentral.com/2018/02/17/highly-disturbing-trend-emerges-florida-mass-shootings-demolishes-liberal-narrative/ …
OK, then just shut up. You're a loudmouth who couldn't carry Michael Jordan's jockstrap.
KING  LEBRON JAMES,  DON'T GO ON " THE  ANGLE " LAURA   WILL SKOOL YOU IN POLITICS, KING DON'T EMBARRESS YOURSELF  ? KING THE TRUTH IS YOU DON'T GOT THE GUTS TO GO ON "LAURA'S  SHOW  ! !,  IT WOULD BE LIKE A  " JANITOR " PERFORMING  BRAIN SURGERY  ! !
Won't stop sliding up in these white babe DMs either..huh...king.
@littleredheidihood
That "King" kool-aid ..can make one high on his own supply..
LBJ should stop distracting his teammates by constantly getting involved in unnecessary political debates. They got a championship to win. It affected the previous team, now he has a bunch of young guys who can beat GSW. Focus on the goal. Politics can wait for the offseason.
LBJ can tweet whatever he feels since the Fox news person threw her opinion into the conversation so it is what it is

Cracks me up that a woman who supported a reality TV star for PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES thinks a sports star should shut up and dribble.
My brother you mean too much to too many including myself!
#wewillnotshutupanddribble
"The @NBA & @NFL need 2 take action against troubled players. They have a platform and kids look up to these athletes!!" 

**2 MONTHS LATER**

"@KingJames and athletes need to be quiet and stay in their lane." 
 
#Contradiction #MoreThanAnAthlete
You should use your stardom to sit down with the president and discuss your issues.  Attacking him isn’t getting you anywhere!!!

You have the right to say whatever you want to.. & you have one hell of a platform.. but it's easy to dismiss you as a bball player when you say incredibly lazy, juvenile & incediary things like "trump doesnt care about the ppl"  #weaksauce
LeBron has NEVER worked a day in his life and seeks attention like Kim Kardashian. No one takes this guy seriously. He's a joke and a con. Kids need to look up to our Veterans and to Jesus not these fake superheroes.
Ok then shut up and carry the ball or whatever you guys call that crap in the NBA now. Are you surprised no one watches this league anymore
The Cavs got better and more on #mixcloud 
http://www.mixcloud.com/Swoop_Radio 
When they say “shut up & dribble,” they must think our sports heroes are court jesters, put on earth merely for their entertainment.  WRONG! 
& this is one of the many reasons why you define the definition of a King, a King in deeds, heart & worth.
Keep up the great work on and off the court @KingJames; #Speakup #Rolemodel
Thank you for campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Ohio!
You helped MAGA happen, we reject celebrities and athletes . You only have one vote . Don't forget it
You
You’re truly a legend in your own mind....
LeBron, #ShutUpAndDribble is so dumb. It should have been #ShutUpAndDunk or #ShutUpAndShoot right?
You should bc ur political views are about as good as a HS basketball players #getright
Ingram is a racist idiot, who should #ShutupAndPray if she's such a holy roller.  YOU keep SPEAKING UP, STANDING UP and do what you do! You are an inspiration!
Love what you do for the game love what u say outside the game. #keepspeaking #keepeducating
Uncouth ... use google because you probably have no idea what it means
Just to be slightly petty out of pure annoy, maybe she should suggest this clearly ignorant “reporter”, bow to @KingJames. It’s absurd, it’s 2018, and sh is essentially saying, “Run ——- Run. Not ok!
LeBron be like... @IngrahamAngle
Love ya for responding either way.  In the words of my old man from Cali, Colombia, don’t ever let anyone put you down.  I live by that through and through.
You're actually an uninformed big mouth with a high school education talking like you know something about real life. Any problem you have you can pay your way out of and when things get too tough for little kingy James you run away from them and depend on others ( cough Miami )
Boy, you should shut up and dribble. You're only good at one of those things and you are far from a master of the English language.  Maybe go back to school and try again
Yes because command of the english language is a prerequisite for intelligence.
Everyone has a point, but the question is....What have u done for someone of a different ethinic group or community? IT'S TIME FOR US TO COME TOGETHER.......EVERYTHING ELSE IS BS
If you go away tomorrow no one will care
Nope. Just an athlete. Your job is only to entertain, high school drop out.
u r goat except for kemba
Well said bro! Keep inspiring and keep fighting the good fight! I hope you remind @IngrahamAngle that she wasn’t “elected” either, so she should stick to gargling Trump’s baby nuts and stay out of politics #MakeAmericaGagAgain #ThingsIdLikeToSeeImpeached #TrumpTreason
Seriously,  # YOUSHOULDSHUTUPANDDRIBBLE
Don't ever shut up and dribble. You make sense and stand up for people. 

This other person doesn't. 

(I purposely avoided calling her a c***. Aren't you proud of me?)
@sam_amick Challenge her to a debate "King"
@KingJames  Thank you for using your voice and platform for the greater good. You’re more than an athlete and you’re leading the charge on athletes being outspoken. We need more role models like you #respect #youaremorethanjustanathlete

Will you please do the @IngrahamAngle and explain why you hate POTUS and his policies she has offered. I would like to hear why.
You quiet when obomber bombed 8countries, said he was arming ISIS, deported 3 million immigrants, signed patriot act, ndaa?
1) be willing to take criticism when stepping out of ur element. 2) back up ur claims with something other then the over used word “racism”, 3) we get it u promote liberal ideology & u want make sure u let everyone know
Uh, LeBron!  I have heard your name and that's it!  Must be bball though.  Listen, you are an athlete to to nation....you are more to your loved ones.  Don't get it twisted.
No problem with you using your powerful voice but make sure you say something that is intelligent.
Lets raise the rim say…12“ and see how spectacular you fellows can dunk. Btw - your agents are raking in the $$$ long after your careers are over
@HillaryClinton @ClintonFdn #UraniumOne #Benghazi #wrongside
@TrumpGirlStrong @TomiLahren @PressSec @IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump
Thank you. And she's  dropping your name to get ratings. Old girl must be in bad shape.

Proud of you!  And this is a Heat fan talking!  Always respect what you do and how you do it!
Thank you @KingJames for speaking your mind. Keep up the great work!
Ohio went Trump by a massive margin. Just play ball

Go on bro ..they can't shut u up
He is paid by folks like ourselves. LeBron has a voice and a right to use it, but to make the entertainment that I PAY FOR a political platform isn't what I thought I'm buying. So, yeah #ShutUpAndDribble
F**k the haters! cc @IngrahamAngle

No one gives a crap about your political views as proven by your influence on the last election, so yeah, shut up and dribble
2 Chronicles 7:14 (KJV) If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land. America repent of our sins in Jesus name!
@KingJames let a sista get that stinger from you.
Trump has more women&blacks in his administration than any other president. Black unemploy't is at an all time low. Black home ownership is at an all time high. As NYer he employed huge amounts of blacks&women. He was always very good 2 the communities&projects that needed help.
#BLM + #BDS solidarity
"In the US, we know all too well what it's like to be oppressed simply because you exist, because you refuse to give up your fight for freedom." - @Dreamdefenders letter calling to #FreeAhedTamimi …

#dumbass
SHUT UP AND DRIBBLE!!!!!!!! NICE BEARD!! WHO ARE YOU TRYING TO BE?? CASTRO????

You won't debate Laura #putup if really more than just an athlete
African American athletes are heroes for decades. Tommie smith & john carlos forever. Do not shut up and dribble. You are a citizen, you are a voice dor your community. athletes who are silent should be ashamed. they also have a social responsibility
Shut the fuck up and dribble
@kingjames #V.o.i.c.e vulanteering our insight in common Environments non-profit #schoolingtheyouth global#wewillnotshutupanddribble justiceforMeekMills @diddy @titstante
Don’t do this athletes. If you start whining about not having a voice then no one will listen to what you have to say. They will only hear you whining. Don’t do this @KingJames   You the man
Quincy Blue Devils won 20th game tonight
With your platform (as you said many kids look to you for inspiration) you have a responsibility to not spout off nonsense. Adding in “someone who doesn’t give a f*ck about the people” isn’t inspirational to kids...if you won’t take the time to get informed then #ShutUpAndDribble
If you choose not to shut up and dribble then just please SHUT UP!!!
wonder which is worse HRC called blacks ‘super-predators.’ said "we have to bring them to heel.”
bring-to-heel: to force someone into a submissive condition. Origin: command to make a dog closely follow its master; term used during slavery of blacks https://youtu.be/ALXulk0T8cg 
Bravo!!!
Looking forward to you and Laura Ingraham sitting down and talking about the issues..
just dont like him at all!

I'll bet your teams and teammates would rather you did too. You know instead of blaming them when you were given Dream Teams and you couldn't deliver championships. You'll NEVER be in the Bird, Magic, or MJ conversation...
Hypocrites
We will not shut up and dribble.

DAWG NATION HELP ME OUT 

PLEASE RETWEET!!!!

…

You’re human, firstly. And that itself entitles you to an opinion.
#ShutUpAndDribble am I right @BabaGanoush___
#ShutUpAndDribble
 U !!!! Don't go on her show and give her big ratings that she does not deserve !!!!
I don't like when people say stupid shit like "shutup and dribble" I'm an indie conservative and you have every right and ground to speak,doesn't mean I have to agree all the time,or just cause we dont relate all the time,doesnt mean we cant come together on somethings,ur alright
WE THE PEOPLE agree with Laura Ingraham. LeBron James wants to trash talk the president in the most vile way, then let’s have at it. Come on tough guy, let’s see just how smart you are? Or are you afraid to accept MARK LEVIN's offer to go on his show?
Don’t shut up and dribble, get informed, understand the arguments & positions on each issue, then make informed decisions & statements
Because things like this worked out so well for the NFL, right?  #BoycottNBA
Youre just another celebertian. Remember you earned your fame entertaining us, you can lose it when you stop. Honestly, you're only a few rungs up from a circus performer, don't get a big head. 

If we wanted your political opinions, we would voted you in office, keep dribbling.
#GED
1 Corinthians 6:9 (NLT) Don't you realize that those who do wrong will not inherit the Kingdom of God? Don't fool yourselves. Those who indulge in sexual sin, or who worship idols, or commit adultery, or are male prostitutes, or practice homosexuality. Repent in Jesus name.
My bad, buttwipe, I was tweetin Laura.
Nobody cares what you think, if  you dont like trump the run for office..going forward he is our president..and you should respect that. The american people legally elected him. If you dont like democracy you can leave.
Never thought you would @KingJames!  Thank you and keep going!
I promise2God that’s why the willingness of our heroes 2speak out against injustice means so much.There are peeps who were raised as racist whohold fast 2it.If they could some would enslave us again.Some just hate us for no reason other than we black.
You are a hating racist that constantly cries and complains. You are no where near MJ as a man or player.  Not even in the discussion end of story.  Now go cry
King James Please don’t make this &.’”&$& famous. Say nothing else to or about her unless she has a check for 250 years of free slave labor, hangings, rapes, beatings, until then stick her nose back up trump and keep breathing deep
Don't give that bitch the time of day.....
