Penny Hardaway to Memphis!!! Game Changer! The whole team gotta wear blue foams the first game of the season! Congrats @Iam1Cent
Why did you give Ty Lue health issues? Jordan kept Phil in tip top shape.
Y’all niggas weird man. Just real weird.
How so?
Ya fr ain't nothing weirder than another man telling people they're weird that's BIG weird
I don’t speak Trump. Sorry.
How does this make me a trump supporter?

Tell me about it.

Am I the only person who realises that LeBron always responds to someone called "73-9 and they LIED" Surely not just a coincidence.
Because they know each other in real life 
Aww okay sorry didn't know
LeBron James Jr. to Memphis?
@JohnMartin929 @_MancavePodcast @Devin_Walker5 

This is FANTASTIC...

Best ones ever.
We back baby! It’s about to be a new power house in college hoops! @KingJames  we gotta get you in the Throwback Memphis State penny jersey!
I’m excited I think penny is going to do A GREAT job over there
They could also rock the Memphis Tigers Penny Vs or Zoom Rookie Memphis
I hope Little Penny gonna be Memphis Assistant Coach
I got the original first Penny’s when I was working at Champs Sports in Chapel Hill Mall in Akron Ohio back in the day.
My childhood & present basketball idols..
#Team1Cent
#TeamLeBron
Penny was the man in Orlando.
Bron to Grizzles confirmed.
Best 23 to ever play the game
Nigga do you know who Draymond Green is?
Make lil penny the assistant coach
Penny was my all time favourite. Him and shaq could have brought championships to Orlando. What could have been. Congrats penny you're the man!!!

Lol congratulating another head coach yet nothing for your coach which just had to take a leave for health issues.  attack 
@SkinnyGangPepe facts


#GoTigersGo
Absolutely FACTS!! The whole squad!! The original true blue ones with icy outsoles. Congrats @Iam1Cent. TYPE BEAT
C'mon LeBron. You're supposed to be helping Kentucky recruit. I mean, we let you be the "Y"!!
LBJ Jr. to Memphis?
Has a nice ring to it! NCAA Championships!
They should rock, Penny Foams -OG & Sharpie Packs, 1/2 Cents, Penny 1s and Lil Penny aka @chrisrock got to do some pre-recorded PA announcements for @uofmemphis home games. The Lil Penny doll could sit on the bench behind the coaching staff  That would be hilarious @Nike

@KingJames  will you be in the squad that is coming to Australia for warm games for world championships?
Kind Regards                                             Ash.
Does this mean you will come to Memphis too????????????
damn I need a pair of them
Come to Memphis @KingJames be part of a basketball city returning to the throne. @KingJames @mconley11 @MarcGasol. We need a finisher. We got defense. Man think about it. Critics couldn’t do nun but praise
He don't care about Lue he's locked in @BillyNocera13
This is facts too
La flame 

Lebron will get him fired too!! What a self absorbed egomaniac.  Embarrassing
Hey @KingJames we gotta play fortnite 
Couldn’t agree more!
When are you going to @ @22mosalah
LBJ,You are a real man
If ur the king of basketball im the prince of basketball
Better than Jordan
Can I get a birthday shout out @KingJames ?
Never forget
Absolutely my GOAT
You gotta play in some foams next game bron 
No no NO! NOT FACTS!!!! I am FACTS! atCelticsunderscoreFACTS!!! FACTS!! You are not FACTS I am FACTS! FACTS only!!
Listen to YN Zay -  I Been Doin Me  (prod.c Medina) by YN Zay #np on #SoundCloud
This why the Cavs struggling cause you want to be hip. Smh
Home games all day. LeBron put the call in
Hey remix theses using the weave stitching and leather
Lebaby you try way to hard!!!
And?
Truth hurts!
I don’t think you understand what I’m talking about but you can keep trying as well if it makes you feel better.
congratulations
You 2 are my all-time favorite Athletes! 
@KingJames Memphis going to get Alex Lomax also
It may have not mattered but ole miss shoulda threw that bag at him
Yeah it may have not mattered lol
I read a article on how stacked his aau teams are and have been sold every since hopefully Memphis gets back to normal now
Yeah shit be crazy. It be a lot of Memphis talent but he’ll sprikle in a PJ Washington, Dennis Smith and Kevaughn Allen here and there lol
I never got your save the date btw

Lolz with icy outsoles
That's fantastic!!!  Gooo LeBron James!! 
Still got mine!
The originals one only

You can wear these to if you sign with @OrlandoMagic
I still have a pair....love em
Sentimental
Can they change the name back to Memphis State.
Was happy to see you team up with Penny to do charity work. I saw this YouTube video from when you were younger and said Penny was one of your fave players - https://youtu.be/2GZ4Qb7koYY   wish Pat Riley would have given him a chance
@Undeniable_G
Lebron did you go to blaze in Chicago? My cousin works at blaze but wasn’t there because he was on vacation.
You’re washed up

U suck in ball i like curry

more facts
FIRST TWO TRACK OF MY NEW PROJECT VENDETTA ARE OUT
APOLLO &
TOFU
…
 #Memphis
yea
Science Technology Education Art Maths...I love California...the weather is getting too quick Nestle.
HEI
When @Iam1Cent wanted to play for the Heat when you was there why you didn’t vouch then for my guy
Congratulations to @Iam1Cent ! So excited for the season 
btw Cleveland is looking for a new coach
Let em know, Bron.
You coming to a game next season?
This is awesome! Congratulations! 

I hope other AAU-high school/prep school coaches with a pipeline of D1 players approach D1 colleges, etc., for HEAD COACHING POSITIONS. 

They need a business plan that will make D1 programs  

D1 colleges,etc., understand money
You should wear them icy blues to #SRU when you come play me in pong. #therealmarchmadness
@AaronSisco6
.
Loved Penny as a kid man! Had the shoes and all 
You have been a trailblazer and icon for decades.Your fans can get all the publicity and traffic they need on facebook,Instagram,tumblr etc  by using this software https://jvz1.com/c/991897/292664 
Every game
Foams are the worst hooping shoes tho 
Chill the penny 1s


SHEESH
Bron definitely gotta notate those icy bottoms most def... 
Who has the hook for Air Penny 1s?
Orlando colorway.
No way the original Pennys...Your crazy

Huge facts 
You’re the goat. Screw that overrated drunk they call Jordan
did u fire Lue?
