My brother @KingJames came through with the pony hair on the Zooms and shut The Shop down!!! Sheesh!
#RWTW
hi again @KingJames I am looking for cheap tickets for your games and can’t find any that fit a college student budget. Any chance you want to help me make my bf’s life?
Any updates on your home brooooooooo we have been waiting for months what the hell is going on . white supremacists damaged your property and nobody is found responsible WOW
Most of Ohio is trump supporters could have been anyone
Will see when the video or pictures come out .
 @Apple WE need  BLACK PANTHER emoji !!Make it happen ASVP.

GodSpeed

Damn these Pony Hair Zooms are tough 
"Bro" is racist National Bigot Association!

Lebroonnnnn
10.5 I’ll even pick em up
Sorry, your brother, the king of nothing, is just a big mouthed pri**!!!
dem shits almost neighed- or nickered idk
W

Shut up and dribble
 https://soundcloud.com/justtimmy/especially …
Nobody doest it better than Cleveland!
#H♡metown!!!!
For sure I’m from Cincinnati but i love all of Ohio 


Shut up and dribble 
Shut up and dribble!
congratulations king james for winning the 2018 allstar mvp!
I see that lady invited you on her show. She thinks a person can shut up and still coach. I hope you decline her offer she doesn't seem too bright.

Lite denotes food or drinks that's are of low calories. You meant lit, the colloquia in the hood? @IngrahamAngle shut up & dribble
#shutupanddribble
Lebron..you could do the country a HUGE favor is you met with Trump eye to eye, instead of forming your opinions based on Dem talking points....Trump is NOT a racist and if you met him and KNEW his heart by ACTUALLY meeting him instead of believing the hype ??? WOW what a diff !!

Hi
احبك
Please shave your beard lebron! Everyone makes fun of ME cuz I rep you and the biggest joke is your neck beard!! 
; need a pair in thirteen good looks
Dunk contest 2019!!  Please!   Or give a legit reason!  Y wouldn’t we (fans) want to see best player in world!?  I don’t get it.
#PayWithLitecoin
If still getting LBJ talking to me then I'm OK
LB, it'd be an honor to be your guest @ feb23 game vs mem, ill be travl from stl chance to bring daughter to bday game
How you let this guy rip off Lil bro 
You releasing the Red Diamond Turfs? 
Bruh i heard Nance was robbed im calling the police right now, hope hes ok
Pony hair?  LeBron?  I need a pic.
You will make a great Spur!

We need more AZG best out here on the streets bron! When we getting more colorways?
#TeamLeBron for the WIN!!
BRON/KD 2020
Speaking of something lite, got any low calorie wine recommendations? Sheeeeeeesh! 
Something lite bro!!!!  TYPE BEAT
I AINT GONE LIE DIS DAT 
Ok
Dope
LeBron 2020 #presidentialsh*t
m
Sheesh!!!
King
Greatest. Ever.
LeGOAT
Win your NBA LEAGUE PASS! Special drop for my Fans. We only get 140 to give out. Look at Tweet below!
Hurry Up! We have a limited reward for my fans. First 130 at http://nbawatchbundle.com/?t=19  Get free NBA LEAGUE PASS! 

