This ... this is beyond words, @KingJames. 

in bricking
And winning championships
by getting carried by Shaq and gasol

Imagine thinking any of those plumbers are better than LeBron
Lebron just lost to the Sixers
For the first time at home since 2007
Fake and gay
Well lets see if you get suspended for this... U know if that was @Money23Green he would get suspended #Facts but hey how dat L taste? 
Amazing. But kinda lucky. Jeez

https://www.twitch.tv/silly_burns  PLS FOLLOW
Nice as it was still ended up in a L tho
Who brag about one nice move when they lost tho?
The greatest of all time. Someone who doesn’t care about regular season games because he’s played almost 3 whole seasons worth of playoff games. That’s who. @KingJames
Yea and has a terrible record in the post season he like Peyton Manning he get there and don’t do much his role players carry him or it’s a L
Bruh. You tell me when MJ had to play in a finals Vs. 2 different squads with 3+ hall of famers on it. Spurs when he had drew golden and Anderson varejao. And then GS who he took to 6 games without Kyrie or Love. They had to get Durant to beat him. Why are you so mad?!
Awwww bruh you watch too much @undisputed and @ShannonSharpe 
Game 5 in 91’ Pippen has 32 pts and Paxson hits 5 shots in the closing minutes. 93’ Paxson hits the game winning shot or else game 7. 96’ Rodman(HOF) has 19,9,5 in the decisive game. 97’ Kerr hits the game winner. 
Just cause MJ has a shoe brand doesn’t make him the goat
Kyrie hit game winner against GSW for the Ring Nice try fam

Still mad about your political comments

Was it intentional or luck?
Nice move King
What the!? That was nice!
 
#AllLinksInBio
That was awesome but @swish41 would of stepped back for 3 and maybe got fouled. 
@StephenJFish
And the and 1
It was a coincidence dawg. Nobody can go behind the back and between the legs of a teammate that isn’t standing right in front of u.
Noooo really? Okay if you guys say so.  Of course it was luck man! Didn’t even see the guys until after the ball passed the first leg.
You rock! Keep playing great ball AND leading through example of respect, caring and helping others rise up.
I say trust the process
If you come to Philly I'll drive your kids to school every day for free

Amazing spatial awareness and phenomenal skill is what I saw when I watched it
Maybe Michael Jordan is the God of basketball, but Lebron is the KING!
Wanna come to philly tho? It’s a pretty cool place
The @davidblaine of basketball
I’m not a huge fan of yours, can’t deny your greatness tho, but bruh I knew you did that on purpose. The timing was tooo perfect. Great fucking move bruh.
L tho... so???
Truuuu
Very real tho...Thank You 
Facts!!
This proves this man LeBron is a LEGEND in the game. There's no argument. Many have known for years, but the haters have been hushed.
This totally out of this world

MVP
Nah harden or giannis taking it
Let’s be real Bron Bron. Great move and lucky move. That’s all. No in my bag play bc his knee or anything could’ve messed that up easily. AND I know you was really tryna squeeze that behind yo back not between his legs..
 you mad hating rn
If that’s what you wanna call keeping it real 
Bro he’s talking about the play period, not that it went through TT’s legs. That wasn’t planned
Cuz its really both lol
 @KingJames bro u timed that or was it on accident Bron!???
Idc nobody is tht nice bro 
nigga that’s lebron nice
Lol
LeBron you inspire me each and every day. There's no better athlete than you, in the history of sports.
bob cousy????
Better than Kyrie
L
mehn y'all don't have to hate.... In his tweet!... If uon like him or what hes doing just pass his tweet up... Rather than Giving him him more comments and likes making him more relevant... Use this strength to support your teams
Nah, I gotta call out his bullshit. I like bron bron but this shit was luck.
Lol Most of it is...remember the nutmeg pass to dwade early this season? sometimes u js make a play and it connects... He didnt even know he did it... No player stays planning something like that for weeks.. But still something thats totally awesome
Shut up, you know that was luck bro cmon
He is where he is for a reason though, and I’m not a Lebron fan. #oldskhool #jordanwasfirst #Lebronearnedhisway
I'm arguing that that was not planned
@Willy_go_Wild you know which one you are smh
Lol I’m really not tho... one of Lebrons biggest supporters. I’m just callin it like it is, no way he tried to do that
Why would he tweet this? Why does he care so much about his haters
Cause he 18 year old boy Akron who had to get it on his own  and he want his respect!
Id respect him more if he wasnt begging for people to think he threw it between tristans legs on purpose
 haters gone say it’s fake you heard em
The L they took to the sixers was real. Correct.
It was. So was that wizardry.

lol i'm old too
Well you didn't mean to do it and you lost the game so 
Or, just lucky.  Nothing wrong with luck
Probably one of the slickest moves I’ve seen in a while  james
They hate cuz they can't relate… smdh
@kevinsundstrom
All luck that didn't get kicked around nigga plz
I got them shoes!!$
Isn't that what ur suppose to do King? When u gotta keep telling people ur great UE not, so u got 6 rings yet? Ya Scoreboard#MJ


Believe me... You’re not a King!
He didn’t even look between Tristan legs or nutin but yea he did it on purpose
You’re for sure the best to ever do it, but you know that wasn’t on purpose bro!! you da man #TrustTheProcess #seeyouinphilly
Shut up and dribble
You been in yo bag my boy since 03 well before that but you know what I'm saying 
Bron could walk on water and these fools will be like fool 1: sooooooooo he can’t swim ... 2: fool 2: Peter did it better 3: he the but he too political....I hate y’all y’all don’t deserve him 

HOW???????????
They don't hear you!
Just reading all of these nasty replies: the amount of cruelty that ppl are projecting is nothing like what they say to themselves. Be Kind, its Free and it will take u further. Great move, LeeLee @KingJames
G O A T 
Stop crying about fouls
@Wilfrxddo
I rate u highly, nh 
Sheeeeeeeeeeeesh
That was really dope
“In my bag” - james harden from the night before

YOU DID NOT MEAN TO DO THIS!!!!!
Is this your way of telling us you’re drinking some Franzia? @BarstoolBigCat @PFTCommenter
Its fake
No way you planned that..but it came out sick..#respect
And you lost to the sixers.
@t_lappp juju on the beat
Let’s not forget it was with your off hand!
Change the name in LeGoat James
You’re the best ever.
Doesn’t matter who says what...that was obnoxious and disrespectful...lol.
Bow to the 
Come on Lebron, Now it was wild don’t get me wrong, but you kno damn well you ain’t do that on purpose . Wild move tho lol
That’s was straight I’ll as fuck!!
@morrison_kenny this for you and Craig frfr
Brah that shit was lucky
@shortiecc97 fucking 
I'm normally a Lebron hater... but this was nice, can't hate on that one.
Nice move and shot!

Are you better than Jordan ? I can't make my mind up ? Would Tyson have beaten Ali ?
Not all young Generation sir.. oh wait- im a lil older than you lol goodjob! #kingjames
Haters gonna hate but... even MJ got nothing on dat! 
Or just lucky
Accidentally going through guys legs?
u didn’t mean to do that bruh, Just admit it. lol
You my FPOT
Genius is ninety-nine percent of luck  lol
Yeah you planned that! What a phony!
the man was in his bag
Yal lost
Why Do U Have To Be So Dam Good Like You Are A  or should I say the Goat This Coming From a koby Fan Tho
I ain't saying it's fake..but no way in hell you purposely threw it through his legs aye it looked clean as hell tho. 
The haters, like myself, will say, while this is impressive, the through Thompson’s legs part was 10000% luck
And everyone in between would call it PURE luck lol
@MattySmooth3
@fonzibb @uglyassdev
@bastilb3 @nicoo1104 Smh 
If you ont got no haters you aint poppin G
Go to @sixers  @KingJames , whatever you do, haters will hate... stay or leave it doesnt matter to them. Lead those young guns @JoelEmbiid  and @BenSimmons25  to greatness..
Why do you follow him you hater
sheesh
Brah so saying u did that on purpose?
@KingJames I think you're just wonderful. That play was elegant. Sitting in Hou following your games, cheering & crying w/ you all these yrs. You had NO idea I was here, but I am. I believe in you thru everything, hope it helps.
Fake! 
Damn boy! 
I would say you lost the game
SHEEEEESHH!

And 1....
Buck
I just say you didnt mean to do it lmao.
Lebron, I like this move a lot. 1) you didn’t travel 2) you kept it classy after the finesse
You still suckass.

That’s a fact
The King does not age he still got tricks up his sleeves
Just wondering @KingJames  did Yu know u was throwing thru his legs .... If so just THATS JUS another reason why ur a GOAT
Oh. You. Boss. Ill type moves.

Oh god, just shut up.
Lol. Man that was sick
You’re still a massive choke.
I’ll say he’s using the force
Crazy how when someone says Jordan’s the goat no one argues with it.  But when people say Lebron is goat then everyone loses their minds
For someone so good, you’re pretty defensive
tell the haters to "shut up and eat a d!ck"
Everyone knows LeBron is on the juice. Old man hopping around the court like he’s 22 again
LeBron, in my @HaHaDavis voice!!!! "WHO MADE YOU LIKE THIS!??" Bruh, I stopped watching basketball after @alleniverson retired because it got boring to me, but here you are, taking @Jumpman23 @kobebryant @alleniverson & @SHAQ place, by putting butts in seats. The @NBA needs you
Shut up and dribble

Keep keepin’ on, LeBron!!!
Lebron..... now you know that’s cap 
This is the best #NBA tweet today on http://sportofusa.com 
nah you was in your duffy
You all are clowning there are 2 greats of all time that made the NBA what it is today and that's magic and bird with out those 2 who made others around them better there would be no Bron he is a diva
Cmon Breezy...no way in hell that was intentional...
Okay, confirmed lol @florencki
to badass
One word...LUCKY!
Or haters just hate cuz you the GOAT, period!! Respect for MJ but that clip was of LeBron not MJ, so show some respect ppl, geeze!!
Meh
Nice move
It was lucky
MJ still the 
Realist’s will say you still caught that L #GodsPlan
nice
Quiet time dummy
Take it back
Lamest human alive

Any generation will say why are you bragging about a move that you didn't even mean to do after a loss.
Luck not what his plan was just call it luck bruh
That was good young man, that was good.
Damn bro #Handles
People smarter than both refer to it as "Quantum Tunneling." 

Think we all can agree it was simply remarkable.
@SportsCenter so you getting suspended for pushing that ref or did you blow silver today
New twitter who dis.? 
I thought you were a señora.
Chupa guey! Lol
Sometimes you just get lucky. This was one of those times.
You are one of the greatest of all time. Thank you for your hard work and dedication. The rest of the league deteriorated while you get better.
I call it spicy luck
And professionals would say if your gonna pat yourself on the back like this, don’t whine and cry like a baby when someone dunks on you in the final seconds cause you loafed back on D.
All hail to the mighty king James 
Not fake, but Lucky  @KingJames I can’t believe you intended to put it between his Legs in the first place. Just trying to split the screen with the behind the back dribble. But this gives it a nice extra touch! 
The sixers just became a Monarchy and they need a new King 
#TrustTheProcess #CompleteTheProcess
but your rabid Stans on the internet will claim it's the greatest play of all time and that you're the GOAT despite being 3-5 in the Finals and losing to the Spurs in the Finals by the largest margin in Finals history.
Absolutely love this young man. He puts in the work!

You didn't mean to do that. That's pure luck! I'm not hating just fact.
Impressive
How long before you realized you went through your own guys legs 
Lebron is a definitive player of the game. Like him or not (I do), credit should be given where credit is due. Why so much hate? smh. So unnecessary. Why can't people just chill? No one deserves someone else's hatefulness
Lebron will always find a way to get it to the basket
Hey Lebron my co-worker would like to know what happened to your Bubblicous Pink Lemonade bubble gum? He was/is a big fan!!!
You some ass
bro, you really are the biggest hater i’ve ever seen. get outta here with that nonsense
like if he’s not the goat he’s easily the second greatest player ever. stop acting like he’s a bum. year 15 and still the best player in the league.

you’re honestly ridiculous. 3 rings. no 1st round exits
How many losses in the finals
how many of those finals was he even favorited in? tell me that shawn. tell me a time that he’s lost a series besides dallas that he had the better team. stop hating.
So he lost
Sweet playground move all day long!
Other's would venture to say...IT WAS LUCK!!!

There go that man 
Lebron. You are great. One slight improvement needed though. You should talk about yourself more. Way too much WE out of your mouth and not enough I. Stop being so humble!
Nice man!
I'll just say you the shit, man.
Brother keep Rockin. The older generation would say “he’s got that in his bag” aka the origin of the term. Lemme school the people—you got a toolbox, you got a bag. You keep your tools and resources in these. When a Young Bron used that move summer league 15 years ago..bagged it
well I am not impressed LeBron my man let's fix this up together bro. my lateness an this I will share with you.
Pure luck that it went through his leg.  Pure skill on the actual move and it working.
No even on purpose lol. Get outta here!
Watched u in high school LeBron
Name one other player other than westbrick who would brag about certain plays and stats when they lose a game ..........

That play happened cause u are the best at what u do.U may not have meant for the ball to go in between Tristan's legs like that,and sure luck played its part,but that luck came from Ur hard work,from Ur grind,from Ur hustle and dedication and love for the Game that u put in !!!!
The millennials know shit about basketball and the older generation once watched Larry Bird play the Trailblazers left handed and dominate the game. He finished with 47/14/11 and hit the game winner in OT. More importantly Lebron he let the MEDIA tell everyone how great he was
Larry Bird was a part time garbage man who played against plumbers.
Boi stop.
omg this is cringy
I think the words you’re looking for are “illegal pick”
