Fun fact of the day: 5 years ago today the @MiamiHEAT came out with their Harlem Shake video. 
I loved D, UD, etc.
#CLASSIC!!!!!!!!!!!
soon come 
Lol Noooooooo.Wade won't be his Pippen then. He's on his last leg
Beautiful team...  From Dominican Republic
AND PINK GUY STARTED IT
Memories
I am 99% sure that Bron is playing the rest of his NBA days in Cleveland. But in the 1% chance that he does leave, I guarantee that my Heat will be a frontrunner. Especially since D Wade is back and I hear that he still owns his mansion in Miami
怀念热火詹韦
 i remember when this came out. Birdman looks like a gangster with that bandana.
Lets make it happen again @KingJames !!! Lets win another  together #HEATCulture
u think a lot
What a joke team #lakeshow

Bet y’all wish your locker room still look like that
5 years?

Looks like Houston’s @TrillSammyy having some trust issues... she says she love him but deep down she “Don’t Mean it”  
The greatest harlem shake of all time 
No, the original was.

My Son Austin Perine poured his heart out to Birmingham, Al. Please watch, retweet and share. It's pretty cool. 

@RelaxFrank
We'll be expecting one of these soon
The great
https://twitter.com/hmmartha/status/985659166231597056?s=20 …
One of my fave moments!!
@OG_Magoun Go to this account and retweet prom tweet!!!! Need help.
Support black business all natural chicken tips and bbq sauce no gluten, gmo's or high fructose corn syrup to order your bottle of Chicago Style Barbecue Sauce call 866 535 8850 or http://tip32sauce.com 
Really would like to see the #Heatles return at sum point
@HeyShay_
I love him
I miss these Miami Heat days! #Heatless 
Even D-wade went back to south beach! Hint hint Mr James! 
That's the scariest music video I've ever never seen.
Ummmh weLL better if you add this ALB DDBSF2026
Tomorrow we’re gonna wake up to the these sports outlets going crazy
Been thinking about this for the past few months while I've been trying to process this menagerie in Cleveland
@KingJames had the moves in that video
@wkwII_  miss them Miami days
Why do u want to make me hurt 
Miss this team 
They were on that crazy win streak too right?

Send this to me
Tampering.
@collinsd3 yessssss
Gotta draw 1 with a Cavs trophy. Time flies

Lebron you and Michael Jordan is the best of all time you the goat
Looks like a Busta Rhymes video
Bring it back
As a Bulls fan I hated the Heat, but this was funny af
#heatnation
Remember it very well 
Wade County was Rockin 
Lebron to miami 
ESPN is about to blow up. Lebron back to Miami 
What's the Birdman up to these days?
Remember when that was a thing....
Who is that handsome man in the front?
This was funny was asl
Man those were the good times
He need come back to heat
The best harlem shake video ever 
The best video ever!!!! We really had a good time, 4 years of awesome basketball!!!!! Hope we can get back to it soon, Go Heat!!!!!
The good ole days of beating everyone and being champions.  #MiamiHeat
And they won it all that year!!!!
Bring it back!
I hope they bring it back
:/


Iconic

Looks just like you
Feels like just yesterday.
BRON BYKE
It’s been 5 years? Wow, that trend feels ancient.
Are you starting to get flirty with a potential free agent???
Bron to miami confirmed
after he saw Wade county come thru last night
Same thing I was thinking
Five years ago my profile pic was born!
Awesome lol
Full repost necessary!
