Love how you empower, embrace and encourage our youth .. You make a difference in so many lives 
Your always best always the one we like
Sweetheart.... he is a very busy man. Give him a break. 
Ok..i wait him everyday i konw he is busy i i can understand but...DBC's competition is coming it is very important i just hope he can reply
NBA champion and MVP Kareem Abdul-Jabbar got to interview Martin Luther King, Jr. as a student reporter. And, of course, he vividly remembers that experience today. This opportunity is a wonderful way for these young people to build their self-confidence...
This makes my heart happy to see these young kids succeeding LeBron 
Lebron why couldn’t u be president  I’d vote for the first time
Hi am a basketballer to from Kenya I always wanted to meet you guys how can I come
Just super, Bron !
Awesome
look at me
This is great! Thank you!!
Can anyone tell me if there are any scholarships offered to high school students in the Columbus Ohio area . My son graduates this spring and was accepted into The Ohio State University now we are trying to figure out how to pay for it.  I'm a single parent father passed away.
Spring  is  a good time for outdoor Sports.
You are more than an Athlete, you’re a blessing !! I know those kids in your foundation & even all the youth, adults, and fans around the world has something to hope for!!! You make the world a better place, may God continue to bless you and your family @KingJames


Somebody better put sports clips on notice! How dare they steal Lebrons “totally original” idea about sports talk and barber shops. Yeah that’s right the Andy Griffith show is on notice too. lol please try to sue The King Saban. Please please try
Come hang out with a Retired/Disabled Veteran!!
Cool @KingJames
It is very easy to reply me ,do not it?
Continuing to pay it forward!
Great job,  keep up the continuous education of our future leaders!
It is already veey late in China
Why you just do not reply!!!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
We love you so much and your reply is very important to him
Just reply me please
James JAMES JAMES
I will waiting tonight and i think maybe you never see your fans twitter

Ennnn....so what are you doing why you can not  reply me?is it difficult?


So just reply me and cheer him.up
He will have the nike basketball competition in4.8
Waiting waiting waiting
So just reply me please
If you don not i will insist
Here is your Chinese fan!
Please!
PLEASE!
Hopeing your reply
It is so fun to send so many message to you
Daddy
Everyone bitches about the White House intern photo lacking people of color, yet I'm seeing the same problem here but lacking white kids.  Lmao...

You seem confused.
I do? lol

Fuck off, racist.
Lmao...  Confused and retarded I see!
If you can please send(cheer upDBC)under it
Same as usual would you mind replyiny me?
I just open the twitter and then you use the twotter too！!
That is so excited
hihihi

https://youtu.be/Mb02gJw5QXs 
