I love this man
LeBron you have to come to Philadelphia man
, he’s not endorsing it. Y’all are putting him on the spot so he has to say something. This nigga do not care lol
Social Justice Warrior Lebron James receives almost a billion from Nike

Nike makes billions...

The workers in South America, Egypt and Asia that work for Nike get less than 10 dollars a day...

#LiberalLogic

You are the antithesis of a hero, and people that look up to u r lost
So all of the work he has done in underprivileged communities doesn’t count? Have you seen what he’s done in his own home town? 
What about Luke Cage?
 wtf is that
Jst say u want niggas to be grateful with wat thy have.

HI @mcten  ,We are making a report about the importance of Black Panther for  cinema industry. We would like to use a short extract from your video to  illustrate the success of movie in the USA. Can you give us  authorization for use it a on our program aired on French tv ?

On a side note, Rocky was also a good inspirational movie that promoted hard work, grit, and determination.
Wrote this after seeing the movie.  Let me know your thoughts LeBron!

Growing-up, I was my Own #SuperHero , but now, how AWESOME to see #blackpanther on the screen for the World to See-#Meow
@michaelb4jordan and @sixers agree.
Where are your shoes made Mr. James??
700 Million world wide... 
& counting 
Go to 0:20 seconds @itsJAMZ 
Ahahahahahaha
That’s right...
Absolutely right
@aliceeoolsson
Well said  @kingjames 
I'm Asian but Damn I wish I was black  #Blackculturerules
Screw lebum I literally can’t stand him
If he knew you I’m sure he would feel the same
cc: @Veetus
You down?
Chea!

STFU AND DRIBBLE!!! NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU THINK!!!!!
The  has spoken! Hail #BlackPanther
#Fax
He’s excited bc he can finally see himself as a superhero?  What a douche.
@KingJames @Jumpman23 LBJ HAS HIS OWN BOWLING ALLEY SOME GONNA SAY WHAT @MichaelRapaport will say!!! But LBJ MJ Have thrones of there own! But when LBJ hangs it up 
SHUT UP AND DRIBBLE!!!!


White Heat w/ James Cagney was better.
Such a good movie. One of the best Marvel movies ever
Hi
@ebla614  
Is lebron a movie critic now? Why does anyone give a shit about this? This is the problem in this country. The worship of athletes and celebrities. I used to be a LBJ fan. But since this political virtue signaling bullshit nah LBJ is crap. Stick to your day job lebron.
Trump didn’t stick to his day job of being a reality TV star, why can’t Lebron speak about things bigger than basketball?
Hey where can I find your sweatshop made equality shoes? Or better yet, give me your money so we can be equal. #genericcorporateslogan
Great movie. Really fun and inspiring.
Preach @KingJames !!

Let's support her...

@MelaEla
I love it #BlackPanther 
Now that's what's up
Who cares dribble
My idole King  my page Fbook LeBron Philippe follow me go I love u King James
SHOP THE LINK #BROTHERBANKMILLIONAIRES #BROTHERHOOD #ILLUMINATI #CHOSEN
So Dope!
Worry about your team right now bruh for real concentrate on basketball
I felt like I was listening to will smith talk
Do you think he would say Black Panther was bad?? 
TBH as a Kobe Fan, Kobe would have never expressed himself like this. This is why I grew to love Bron Bron over Kobe for these small reasons. Kobe was always looking to impress.
Swear that’s how I felt when I saw #blackpanther I felt that movie on so many levels 
Come to Philly please!!!!  You will love it 
That movie wasnt even close to the best movie of all time. Not even the top Marvel movie. Stfu
Please shut up and dribble
Pink Panther was much better.

Alternative to NCAA scholarship is "do you want fries with that?"
Seriously, who really gives a rats ass what Lebron James thinks??? 
Kip doing what you do and watch nobody.....
LeBron James has now 81 assists in the last 7 games (11.6 APG). #NBA  #AllForOne
Very well stated @KingJames
Honesty
Well if lebron likes the movie I sure hope it doesn’t flop at the box office
@KingJames 
@Drake 
@OVO40 
@OVOSound 
@welcomeOVO 
…
Truer words never spoken better #KingJames #StriveForGreatness 
That was real genuine from Lebron.

Goat
You all know Black Panther is fiction right???
@KingJames  https://twitter.com/cdonthedon/status/968615002755264512 …
Can I say best responds ever? 
Woooow 
Spoilers LeBron! Come on!
I’m so woke
I Wasn’t LeBron’s biggest fan...but it is undeniable how much he’s grown since his first few years in this league. He really is the KING...him and T’Challa of course
 #CALIFLORIDAMUSIC
Well said LeBron
I've seen it twice already
We ALL know what costume Bron is gonna rock on Halloween

AGREE so Positive!
Spoiler alert (I kid)
Interesting looked up to Rappers. I feel it
The people on the right wing throw around the term "snowflake" yet they got mad at Starbuck's coffee cups, mad at Star Wars, and mad at Black Panther ....  #wewillnotshutupanddribble
Its because you aggrandize things that shouldn't be a big deal in 2018. Like black superheroes? What's the big deal either way.
The same deal that caused whites to do the same thing for white superheroes, until the point where they stopped doing it because it was "the norm". Which is the real explanation for the backlash from the crap-level minority of whites. Because they're overly entitled.

Super bravo @KingJames
@TiagoLeifert
Very well said sir!
Such an amazing philosopher ..
Hi Dave - could NowThis have permission to share this LeBron video on our platforms with credit to your Twitter handle?
This is shocking
Collaborating with the movie production
I like LeBron James' endorsement of the movie #BlackPanther  There's also the T.V. Show #BlackLightingas well that portrays African Americans superheroes in a positive light also.
6  @MiamiHEAT 
LISTEN TO THE YOUNG KING WE LOVE YOU LEBRON
@rodimusprime @RhymeOverReason @ShannonSharpe Ole Bron down with Dat Panther.
Blekk Pintha*

Now Dave, you'll make sure ESPN's parent company sees thus, right? 

