Excuse me. That was http://www.vimeo.com/CampbellsShow  Still serious.

Never Happened 
Good luck team Bron!!! I hope you wear a head band again.
Cant wait to see this project
I would love the opportunity to play in this.
Looking fwd to it..
Gotta get Kid N Play in on that! HOUSE PARTY!
This is my Favorite movie. In the black community expectations will be super high. As for me I wanna say make this shot. 
Their talent in your name cuz off the court you're just a tall black guy
Shut up and dribble the ball
Mn fan
Shut up and dribble
You are proof that bouncing a ball around a court does not make you, like, a genius.
Get ready to sweep the Rasberry Awards.
Lebron is a Racist. That is a fact. Void of anything constructive or solutions to offer. All he has to offer is pure shit talk directed at white people.  That is the sign of racist motives.
@Tjsowa13
Love King James I have watched him grow into the m s n he is today and I am impressed....healthy...happy...humble...good person..son..husband ..father and basketball Star
Would like to see the faces of some people  if Jesus turned out to be an African
Hey Mr James you’re the best in the world I like what you tell the kids if you work hard you can get it I wake up every morning with that same mentality I  don’t care what wall in front of me. So thank you and you are Black history
-Love- 
Cleveland Cavaliers Fighting! ——From Chinese fans
 King
LeBron James 
King james23
She challenged you, Man up and accept unless you're chicken?
If I had a House Party script ready to go, registered and all, (which I do) would you take a look at it? This is the best way I know to contact you. I'm from Missouri City (home of Travis Scott) and I have a short film that went to Cannes. Serious inquiry. http://www.vimeo.com/CamaapbelllShow 
新年快乐！！LeBron

Please like & subscribe for more THE NEW NBA RECAP Highlights all season long. Now i just create my channel youtube THE NEW NBA RECAP and it will be pleasure for me if you take a look and support me. Thanks
Like Us on YOUTUBE Channel:
Happy Chinese NewYear！I’m your super fan from China!
How about a follow Dad?
happy Chinese New year
新年快乐
Happy new year!     LBJ!!!b    Your Chinese fan
you will be better
一骑绝尘！
Make sure you put a lot of white people in the movie too since you require whites to put African Americans in their movies .
Barberton  Magic class of 75 and all we did was kick St Vs butt!
Please give raptors a chance on a one year next year put us on this map have all of Canada behind you loving you help us with a title please just one shot please and thanks think about all the stuff we would buy of yours
Do your damn thing @KingJames I know it will be great!
Stronger than lbj
LeBron I would hope you make your jet move here itz the mozt dangerouz job and built az you are My Wynn card removed Ya know Chinaz officer up but if you wanted to take challege we would all love for a SR 788578431lubbzlate4everinfiniteiarzr71ride But zcary deal after Z o viet z
just so so .because we have LBJ.never lost confidence
Lebron I am your number 1 fan #
Next Cavs practice boxout, boxout, boxout!
Please help
Lamentations 3:27.
Please don't do this
My name is Alfredo Cognati I own international hair design in Beachwood cross to harm from Giovanni's restaurant contact me to 162994660 I promise you guaranteed
More pictures
Hi LeBron I am a friend of Todd Leebo's I gave them some product to get to you that will rejuvenate and grow your hair don't know if they give it to you called Lotus 39 you will be amazed on the results it's all natural and you can literally see the results within two weeks Ji
LeBron James a friend of mine Todd Leebo I gave them a product to give to you all natural I promise it will stop fall out and rejuvenates the scalp and you'll get your hair back no gimmicks Lotus 39 by Valentino Desalva  I'm a friend of Jim Boylin
The reboot is going to have to be better than this:
Love your support of the black entrepreneur.  You should take a look at #frederickbenjamin.
Would be worth your time.
king james，I‘m your Chinese big fans，I am so like to@watch your game，and，I hope you can see it，and give me some playing advice
 Thank you
Brother Bron I think these new additions is a sign of your new calling..motivate and rise the young Gen of nba stars. That's a legacy that you can mold that jordan never did

Now king u are happy, good conection, good quimica, with the new boys, new blood, joy them, i see now u playing good. Even smith is playin good, u have to play the same way all the games. Balls, push, smart, and good luck,
Happy Chinese new year.
great
Straight to DVD. How bout work on your free throws?
Please don't do this. Please. Kid 'n Play are rolling over in their graves.
Hey King, why don't you slip those kids a few trick lines to make it easier for them to finagle the wad they need from their parents to strut down the high school hallway just like you.
  That same old crybaby whine may not work with some parents.  They may have been innoculated.
Watch out LeBrawn.She's got Labrain and may take you to the cleaners with a chinese laundry list.  I could tell she likes to clean up when they made her wear  thickframed glasses to warn us  she's intello.The frames are like the blinders you wear as they work you for their net.
Hhmm
Hey, Where should I send my audition tape & resume? #ActorLookingForWork
LBJ your the my favorite player and my favorite team is cavs I would like you to thank you for being great player ever and you the next game I am be supported to you and to the next year you have a trade at be support you LBJ #cavs
Kid N Play need to make cameos as well
Amazing
Yea would love a small minor role
You should be the old man next door King
LeBron, come on @LightsCameraPod to discuss. Also any movie opinions our discussion points you may have.


I'm expecting for your another change of club
oh
no
Thank You for being great LeBron
Hey Bron ... Let's be more serious from the Free-Throw line alright !!   Good Game though @cavs
#AllForOne #TheLand #Cavs #GoodWin #1 #OKCvsCLE
I'm called NEU's LBJ.
Rea Shermud new Kid n Play?
You bout to throw another Pajama Jammie Jam
I hope it goes back to the original style after house party 3 it became trash.
Don't
Looking forward to this! Great work as always.
Gonna need a Kid for this remake Bron!
@BostonCowboy88
Bogart says “”When Warner Brothers and Turner close the deal, we’re going to make Bones a movie star.” @Barryathree @NBAonTNT @NBAAllStar @wbpictures @shaq @TurnerSportsEJ @3DTV @derekfisher @KGArea21 #PlayersOnly #DavidLevy  @realchriswebber @iamisiahthomas @BaronDavis
Slim says “Rucker Park? Yeah, I know where it’s at. It’s in Harlem, near Billie Holiday’s place. Tell Uncle Drew to break a leg.” @UncleDrewFilm @Lionsgate @LisaLeslie @ReggieMillerTNT @KyrieIrving #LesterYoung
Drive, He Said (1970)                                    directed and written by Jack                     #HectorBloom
Yeah, but do you know how to get to Antelo Road? #Russ
LeBron can you tweet to me it would make my grandson happy because his birthday is on the 28th
When are the auditions??? Check out the hashtag #BarsheaAlwaysDancing on IG.
I need parts bruh!

I did say it was the day after ur game and James harden and curry my son had trouble waking up for school like he was playing he called and said mom I can't focus my head hurting real bad I said go to the nurse then I could feel someone pulling something felt like out my head
Nothing my name is Angela blizzard my son trovel blizzard the nba and NFL is still using us my address is 702 33 Rd street Newport news VA 23607 now can't say u lost my number or no reason u can't reply
What is that they hurting the bottom of my foot my hip my leg the other side yesterday felt like under my foot was being burned and they pulled something out like my leg was twisted on the wrong side I ask u to please help me if u not involved I haven't heard from u moved us
Wuz up Bron keep doing your thang my brother I like how you kill em with your actions on the court
@Palmeiras o maior do Brasil
Tell me this isn't true. Don't you dare desecrate such a legacy like that shine from Immature (House Party 4).
@Palmeiras o maior do Brasil
Might as well bring back School Daze
@MackMAC33162565 @NBA @TwitterSports
Gotta get Kid n Play, Martin & Full Force somewhere in there! Plus I'm pretty sure AJ Johnson should still have a jeri curl! "FOLLOW THE DRIP, FOLLOW THE DRIP!"
Nice
So close yet so far away. Sure wish we could see you play at the game tonight. Good Luck King James!!!
I say use DNA and K Shine
Lebron! They already tried this with House Party 4 with Immature (IMX)! and it was  Leave this classic alone! #NoOneCanRemakeThe90s 
They bringin'back "Top Boy"!!  Made my day with that!!!
You gotta get @RaeSremmurd for this
Can I please work on set for this?
Who else thought it was Steph Curry and Jamal Crawford?
Had me thinking it was stephen curry and jamal crawford
Fire up big boy!

Never thought I'd use this @chrisrock movie line! LOL

Chaka: This movie is gonna make House Party look like House Party 2.
Chaka's Production Assistant: Or House Party 3!
Chaka: Shut the **** up.

Yes! Remaking the classic!
Yeaaaa Hurd about it so Ready!
Don't do it!  Show some respect and have some creativity for once. House Party is a classic and institution.  You don't do this.  I'm unimpressed. Appalled but not surprised.  Why not revisit and rework something that didn't do that well or is undervalued? Go away.
Where do i submit my resume?
When I thought he was talking about Stephen Curry and Jamal Crawford...


Better cast Nicki
Who's on your team guy.  These banal ideas
We already got enough house parties
Salute to the media conglomerate that @KingJames is building. Most of the other greats waited until retiring, but LBJ is ahead of the game. This brother will see a billion long before people expect him to. Cheers to greatness.
Kid 'n Play better have a cameo!!!! Throw in @Sethrogen and James Franco while you're at it. Plus @TheRock and @KevinHart4real and you have a blockbuster!!!
Yes bron !!!!! My fav movies as a kid .
Dear brother, are you familiar with any of your own history? Are you so blind as to not notice how you are being used up? Have you any love?
Let me audition for this
You better count me in 
These new @cavs have swag. #AllForOne
Thank you 
I think I've seen 1-3 more than anyone. Let me know if you need a consultant. 
no thanks. That’s a serious pass for me. Wish people would stop with the remakes.
I need this audition info!!!!!

Keep Kid Reid away from it after his Kaepernick stunt. Kid reid and jason whitlock personae non gratae.

Cool... Just the message we are portraying  #blackhistory lives on
LBJ the 
https://soundcloud.com/gh0stb/froze 
@MrGrinch619
Ok! I’m here for it!
Don’t Lebron!!!!
Can't wait, just get some gooooood dancers!
Lebron James to produce 'House Party'...? It better be sweet! @KingJames @RegHud @RealMartyMar @TheAJZone @FullForceWorld
@isaiahthomas is not invited?#HouseParty
Kid & Play better get a cameo.
Why don’t you focus on the re-make of the cavs...
Where do I submit my resume?
@Makena1727
@TWISTAgmg was just tweeting about something similiar to whats going on here I think... Idk how much this tweet will help as a catalyst to doing what He tweeted earlier today but its worth a shot... #BlackFilms
Bout time somebody thought of this plan. All these artist out here. A.C. The Label shouldve did this first. But now we just need the hot boyz "block is hot" remake and master p "I Got The Hook Up"
Don't touch a classic. Leave it alone.
Finally was the first one rated R I always remember seeing it on basic cable as kid
This should be awesome!! One of my favorite movies!!

I have a series you can produce
put me in it bro
When you need a break and looking for a new Hot Hypnotic T-Shirt or Hoodie....Be the hit of the party and get your smoke on today while supplies last!!
Can we get a Christopher Reid/Martin cameo as well @KingJames? Oh yeah, that’s Kid ‘n Play for you Millennials in here…
Ok, putting in a request to have a song put on the remake of House party soundtrack. You pick the beat I'll do the rest.

What! Cast me!!! I can play AJ Johnson role no jerry but I ll do the corn roll braids those are played out right
Good luck
LBJ is a cancer and we alllllllllll know it..
Bro, Thank  you @kingjames for being you honestly.... Not only are you full of Integrity you represent us so well.. Continue forever #StriveForGreatness #TrueInspiration #RoleModel #Icon #Legend #ThankYouBro

The perfect new kid n play  @RaeSremmurd
Sounds like another stupid show. Man get over yourself. Good thing I don’t play in the league, you’d be my .    And you not even top 20.. Peace out!!
I smell, I smell, I smell pu##y  wonder who's gonna play dem boiz
Shump #mayhavetomakeacameo too
@tylerperry should be the producer.  Christopher Reid & Christopher Martin better be in the movie 
Get @KeithTPowers involved new hotness!
Put me in coah !!!!

Snapchat,Instagram she stalking me, she be lurking my Twitter’ She be stalking me!!!!!! 
Rae Sremmurd the new Kid & Play?
The perfect house party calls for the perfect pizza. Hit us up if you need those  pies @KingJames.
Who gonna be Kid n Play?? Rae Sremmurd maybe?? 
Kevin Durant would have been the better choice.
Go bron bron!

Damn! That’s BiG time! Good luck with the project fellas!
Terrible idea.
Bron! I am available for all your jerk cop character needs.  https://youtu.be/dj8qszEhtXI 
Can I please audition to be apart of this?!
Dope!
Why do you want to touch a classic, though? This is a no-win situation.

wow, will "house party: tonight's the night" be referenced? or is that non-canon? dying to know what happened to dylan
