I’ve never been comfortable sharing much about myself. I thought about mental health as someone else’s problem. I’ve realized I need to change that. https://www.theplayerstribune.com/kevin-love-everyone-is-going-through-something/ …
If any1 ever blames Kevin Love again, they’re going to feel the raft(always wanted to use this word) of Twitter
Did you mean wrath?

Ima keep it real with you chief, NO

Staring line up , should be Nance , LeBron , love , hood and hill please make that happen because we gone win the east but we can't have TT starting in the playoffs or finals , nance is active and hood score more jr is iffy during games make that happen plz
Well said #CavsNation




4th ring incoming 
Thank you to you two and @DeMar_DeRozan for putting your voices behind this issue. It means a lot to people who know.
Mental Health is a problem that we all must deal with, have compassion, empathy and sympathy for..our families, close friends, lovers, husbands, wives, prachers, teachers, sisters/brothers, our youth, people we don’t even know and ourselves...
That’s awesome Gentlemen. Real men talk about feelings and emotions. You guys rock!
You scared him at the trade deadline.
You can't be that dumb , trading love was out of the question he's a big key to the cavs they wasn't that dumb
Just text him dude. We know you don’t actually like him

Go play runescape nerd
Props to @DeMar_DeRozan for starting the trend
That’s real leadership from both of you. This is real life. This is the way to step up.
Hugs and tons of love mental illness isn’t a joke .. anxiety is awful. Do what you need for YOU !! Thank goodness you have a supportive teammate in @KingJames
Kevin, what's excellent for anxiety beside prayer & meditation iz....an aged glass of expensive wine lol the kings favorite
Better than Jordan

Proud of you, Kevin!
KLove. Way to go. You’ve done more than you’ll ever know sharing your experiences.  That’s how to be a man!  Nice job
This response actually made me cry. Thank you, gentlemen, for re-writing the playbook for boys becoming men.
I would like to share my book with you two.  Injured Reserve: A Black Man’s Playbook To Manage Being Sidelined By Mental Illness

Well done Bron, family.

Goat
Best thing ever happened to me was to discover that I was living with depression. Found the medicine I needed and life got better. Hang in brother. Your on the way.
Same here.  Hope you’re doing well.

You are so humble and never a hater.  U never dim others lights,  for yours to shine!
Finish your career like a true King. Uplift your teammates to their fullest potential and you’ll observe your most powerful season.
Cavs in 6
Wow!  Who you telling?!  Amazing
You’re even more powerful now than ever before @kevinlove!!! Salute and respect brother!  TYPE BEAT
@erezshek good read
Oh man. That is a brave, incredible and inspiring read. Thanks for making we aware 
Great Move, great courage #klove.... there for you....
Lol you weren't saying that a month ago
Go subscribe to my YouTube channel for daily alerts and daily run throughs of what I see during the market mornings! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbITe97kUjh6bsSkz_g3XXw …. Make 1k per day eventually once you grow your account.  I’m trying to give everybody a way out ! 
his power level has risen to an entirely new level.

More than basketball.
Respect
So great that some NBA players are starting to speak openly about the importance of mental health as a part of general health! bravo

Good shit!!
Maybe you’ll stop trying to “Fit Out”. As diagnosed by LeChoke previously

BRON THIS MUSIC 4 U

NEW TIC TAC DROPPIN TODAY

DONT SLEEP ON THIS
Bron you are a great human being, God keep blessing you and your family!!! Love from PUERTO RICO!!!
Use your platforms and help other people dealing with similar and other mental struggles and imbalances #StriveForChange #Ipromise

I love y'all
You’re even more powerful now than ever before kevinlove!!! Salute and respect brother! Type beat
LeBron the 

You both are so loved in Cleveland. It is a true honor to watch you both play. Thank you for giving me that joy in my life.
Good luck on your road trip!
I love you dad

I’m telling y’all, once in a life time human right here @KingJames  is doing things and everyone else is stepping up too!!
Donald Trump is YOUR PRESIDENT!
Not for much longer at this rate
FOH, bot。
"President"
"YOUR" PRESIDENT, scrub。
Celtics in 5
Raptors will sweep the Celtics
Yo @KingJames where was @Highway_30 support when he advocated for the @nba to have #mentalhealth protocols, to protect and serve players with mental illness? 5 years ago? @CP3 head of players union, where was your voice then ? It didn’t matter then?
I have ocd, suffer from depression, and anxiety, been shot twice, seen with my own eyes my friends killed, so i also suffer from ptsd, mental illness did not stop or start with royce, he only started the conversation on the nba platform, well attempted to.. but to answer you, yes
This is essentially lebrons 3rd team mate who has publicly came out about there struggles with mental illness, Delante West, Larry Sanders, and now K love, obviously multiple ppl in the nba have delt with this over the years
Just as the British royals are standing up to #stigma with their @heads_together campaign, I love to see our #NBA royalty doing the same by speaking up about #mentalhealth.  If this tweet give even one person courage to seek help, it can save a life. #MentalHealthMatters @BHECN1
Lebron has mistreated Love in every way possible. Now his PR people helping tweet so he don’t look so bad. K Love find a new team get away from that man and best of luck.
As a psychologist who works with anxiety disorders, I can’t say enough about how much your words and courage will help others suffering in silence.
#inspirational
#powersheets 
@PowerSheets 
#amen
hmmm...

U r the best Kevin....your ending effort is greatly loved & appreciated
It takes real courage to speak about your own mental health issues. I give kudos to you Kevin Love.
Respect!!!!!!
I am SUPER PROUD to hear this. Was w/ my mental health/mentor provider yesterday & we spoke of how this IS the future. Anyone can fake tan/be physical healthy. Mental health is for those that are smart, driven, next level. This IS what’s next. I LOVE the brain, it’s AMAZING
Your support of one another speaks volumes. This is why we went to see you in Memphis-you are TRUE role models. And I thank you both.
facts
We are a broken people& r able 2help each other to heal.the more we share our stories,the more others will see how alike we are.Let us get reacquainted with ourselves and each http://other.By  connecting,engaging we will unite &prosper #TogetherWeRise

Thank you for stepping up Kevin
Can't say we're always fans of the Players Tribune -- a bit too manicured and filtered, even with athletes writing in first person. But Kevin's article was great and important -- best wishes for a speedy return and the rest of the season!
It’s more than basketball...
i dunno about this one
Except you’ve probably caused most of his anxiety.
GOD BLESS YOU @KEVINLOVE 
Soo true hope this helps people who need it and they realize getting help is not a weakness but a strength that takes courage and will only make you and the people around you better for the long haul!!! GO #Cavs
Like if Oprah sideverson aproves this
Silence is out of style 
$20 buy in!
https://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/t1/group/20716/invitation?key=1a9ceb272985c30d&soc_trk=lnk …
Lebron to cavs confirmed
My Power Ranger
Let’s get all the negative energy out of locker & win us a titleRedemption 
Let’s goooo!!
#BlackLightning #BlackPanther #BlackMenSmiling  "Ghetto Hymns"  
What's up Boy
Amen y’all will still loose in finals tho
GOAT
Don't blame Kevin Love

As a firefighter, I’ve learned to handle that PTSD and not let it handle me. The more you speak on it (your mental health) the easier it becomes to manage it. Mental health is just as important as physical health.

Love this so much! Fight the stigma!
Thank you @KevinLove and @KingJames for showing the world the meaning of bravery and brotherhood that transcends sports. I'm a @UVA Cavaliers alum, and now I'm a #ClevelandCavaliers fan.
Thank you, Lebron and Kevin.
psychotherapist for 40 years and  a guy who used to have panic attacks when i was kevin's age.  coming out in the open about this stuff can help so many folks. kevin is showing these famous folks the way. kevin love is my new hero.
The pain and suffering from anxiety and depression can be worse than breaking both legs. To recognize the need for help is critical. The sooner the better. The sickness may never leave you, but you can overcome and manage. Thanks for sharing your story.
I have so much admiration and respect for you both, it's hard to put into words. I'm so glad you both are speaking out - your words and leadership are important and much needed.
.......Hey Stormy......How big or small is Trump’s penis????????
Gotta say I don't like u on the court lebron but ur a damn good dude, kudos. P.S. Jordan is still the goat
"And as we let our own light shine, 
We unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. 
As we're liberated from our own fear, 
Our presence automatically liberates others."   From Our Deepest Fear M. Williamson
I have always admired you, but now I have the greatest respect and admiration for you. You are truly a role model, for sharing this with us, you may have saved many lives. God Bless you, I can hardly wait for your return.
We love u KLOVE!!Go play some nice basketball, enjoy, LBJ, U,  JR, the new 4 wheel drive & rest of the gang take us to finals!!
@DJPribleScrible #TheStarters #TOTW
We are praying for you! 
Thank you for sharing! It’s an amazing thing you’ve done putting yourself out there letting everyone know your struggles. It lets anyone who struggles everyday they aren’t alone. God bless!
You're an exemple King J. 

#Awareness #leadership #RoleModel #helpingothers #youth
Shut up and dribble
Well done @kevinlove being transparent and courageous! Respectfully... most players, coaches and staff in the NBA struggle with this subject. We can't change the CULTURE of the league until we change the CONVERSATIONS!
Oo-rah @KingJames and @kevinlove. Good stuff. Our country has a serious mental health issue. Having big voices like yours recognizing that and willing to voice and make a difference is refreshing.
My son is more than a basketball player. He's an Honor Society student. He will not "shut up and dribble". All ECC Honorable Mention out of Cincinnati, Ohio. @ljeezy0812
Didn’t you hold a team meeting to call him out?
Lol. Until you throw him under the bus again...
Fake ass lebron being fake as always
Love that NBA players and role models like yourself and Kevin Love speak what you believe. Keep speaking what you believe in and keep making impacts in children’s lives. Nothing but respect for you guys.
Bron working the phones as we speak he outta there this summer 
Can’t believe you thought about cutting him @KingJames 
Tell lue to start nance from now on he the only idiot that can’t see from jump nance is better than that kardashian
shut up.
Поддержка - это главное !
You think you could be part of the reason for his panic attack?
It’s ok Kev, me and Larry are carrying the team right now, once you comeback you can help us
How is he more powerful today than he was yesterday?
word
IT is scum for calling him out
Tits
The Cavs are gon be Legit when @kevinlove gets back
This is why I wanna go into Sport Social Work
"So.. Kevin is it?... tell me about how  you broke your toe again.. I want you to recreate the experience.." 
Thank you KevinHow true!
Read this article at school and it meant lots to many of us after reading it and understanding what life brings us and how you as a person should handle it and go find help.
Bless u King James
Meant to illness is a problem a serious problem
CLASSIC!!!!!

https://youtu.be/jhHCEaaEd4 
So important to share his story.  He can help so many others.  Thank you, LeBron, for acknowledging that. 
All this year's been your hater but my apologies you are the best ever
#thanks4everything 
#realexample
#Blessings
@kevinlove I read your essay to my 11 year old son. You're right, it needs to start when they are young. Learning it's ok to address and confront the issues in our lives. Even our icons and heroes are human too. Thank you for sharing!!! Everyone is going through something #GoCavs

@KingJames and @kevinlove Thanks for speaking on mental health. It's the biggest issue in this world right now. Keep up the good work!
Somewhere Delonte West is wishing this conversation could have happened a few years earlier.
Im a fan
SHUT UP AND DRIBBLE!!!!!!!
God is Love. Move Forward Like A Giant
Need LOVE as a LAKER
/www.bynomeansradio.net/artists  sign the guest book and win a free tshirt... best unsigned artist..!
Amen! Being authentic is powerful. Shout out to @kevinlove for helping stamp out stigma.  @KingJames: Let's make an "I will not shut up and dribble" tee with proceeds going to the National Alliance on Mental Illness (with a cut to my affiliate in Virginia Beach!)
I want you 2 to win the chip to silence @RealSkipBayless for the 4th time.
Thank you for sharing.
Word

Well said!

Keeping it real. I love that.
You still trying to get him traded? LOL
God bless you guys. I can relate to his story and I know with God we can overcome even the toughest of obstacles, challenges, and adversities. Stay strong bro. 
lebron wears 'equality' shoes but is one of the highest paid players in the nba. odd mr equality doesn't divide his check up equally. WTF. oh, and you can purchase his equality shoes, if you can afford them.
CLE s K-LOVE!!!
加油，乐福


#Obiwan
Too funny... now you support your teammate..he was getting abused for faking an injury by your entire squad.
#KeepStrong
Thank you for sharing your story Kevin

@sleepyeepee
Rien comprit
Congratulations you are now a real GROWN-UP MAN!! SPREAD YOUR LOVE !!! ALL THE BEST TO YOU MAN !!!
@kevinlove is just weak minded. Who would want him as a teammate?
Shoot LeBron.  Now I HAVE to like you.
#NeverForget
4th ring? Aww hell no Not a chance
Stay strong Kevin!
I co-sign!
Support by friends and family are very very important. Now thats is what makes you both special. Its the love not the luxury of money that make a person. Keep supporting each other.
So is this lebron, your endorsing will save thousands of lives PROMISE

Yeah LBJ loves KL...on the bench!
Any words from @IngrahamAngle?? Surely she wouldn't agree with a b-ball player speaking out on such an important topic!
#sheeeeeeesssh

Thanks @KingJames for your support on this topic.
Thank you, Lebron!
Could not agree more 
Didn’t you bully him??
You’re great how you are. Don’t worry about fitting out or it. Don’t try to be LeBron. Just be Kevin. Rebound and hit threes. LeBron take it to the rack. Get another  for The Land.
Amen.
LeBron has to run for elected office.
@kevinlove thank you for the open vulnerable writing. Well done!
Thank you sharing and opening up the discussion on mental health! It doesn’t discriminate nor is it asked for by those who suffer. Peace!
