Need to concentrate your efforts on the 75% of African American families with absentee fathers.

You empower women ? I bet you abuse them more then empower them ! Bet ?
This sounds racist and I’m offended by it.
Is that why you had and illegitimate son with a white woman who lives in Salt Lake City?
Imagine if a white athlete said, "Beautiful White Empowered Women"? We would never hear the end of the racist comments. Just saying....
Why can't they just be beautiful l empowered women, lebron ? Always Making things black and white is part of the problem not the solution
Keep pushing division, Lebron 
Sounds like Racist commit to me.  Is power and its abuses what you're  seeking?
Did your mother teach you about "cutting your nose to spite your face"?
Whew! Girls On Fire. Too beautiful for words
Yess 
See police shoot and kill less thann1% of all blacks killed in a yr. Yet blacks kill 96% of all blacks killed!! Then tack on the 88% of all whites killed. See that says something. First of all  no one owes you a thing.
imagine if we said beautiful white empowered women?
I would think "beautiful empowered woman" would be sufficient! For a man that likes to talk about racism and differences you are sure not helping the cause! We shouldn't see or talk about color! "God's beautiful empowered woman" there is a lot of better ways to word it. #Issues
You do know about the 2 bros who killed 5 whites looking for the treasure chest we are all given at birth. Then in one house they raped both the girls and the guys?!?! Can I ax what up? Anyway if the black community would look inside it selves it might help!
So true.    LeBron keep speaking w/ ur 1st Amend rights.  You carry weight. Tnx.

Beautiful empowered white woman. Nothing better!
Can bi ax you a question? If you couldn't throw a ball thru a hoop what would you do? I would think you and Mike Tyson could open up a brain surgery clinic. Just have to find Jethro Bodie oh yea he be white so he out!! You know nothing other than you are black and we owe u!
Do you love all people? Of every race?
Lebron, do you think white women are empowered and beautiful?  Asking for a friend.
Imagine if a white guy said he loves seeing beautiful empowered white women, he'd be deemed racist immediately. Huge double standard here
Less then 100 years ago (for over 400 years) they were doing that... while they were putting black women down with racial slurs and things of that sort. double standard my ass
You must be oblivious to the word progression
This is pretty racist if you ask me
watch black men gawk over them...anywhere you go...so two-faced. Can go anywhere and watch your generation gawk
If a white celebrity were to say that about white people you'd be shouting racist!
Rachel & Heidi....thats what's up
You know these aren't the first black actresses?
You missed the whole point
What's the point then? Enlighten me?

Lol. Him missing the point:
Hahahaha you got me too. Man you guys are good at showing me up.
It’s all good man 
Here comes DAS RACIST!  twitter. Are they on 10 yet?
why every thing have to be about color just say women you don’t have to say black women 
Lol you must be a white girl
no im just mad because every thing has to be about color 
black month 
black history 
black women 
just say things without black in them we get it u black wow big fucking deal
You Big mad cause you are not black. It's ok my g.

Thank you @KingJames ... You're the chosen king James

Dats Racist.
I know some white empowered women....Do they count?
This comment is everything King! #Wakanda4ever
I’d imagine no one would care. But feel free to try it out as an experiment.
And thats bullshit lol
Why does it matter if they're black? And people talk about equality. .
This comment really doesn't make any sense "wow these black woman are beautiful" =/= "man ever woman in the world who isn't black is ugly and should kill theirselves"
Fair point but if someone posted a picture saying “beautiful white women” they’d be deemed a white supremacist.
Alot to dissect here. black supremacy doesn't exist so there's 1 point. Second white woman aren't devalued like black woman. All types of celebrities have taken time out of there day to stereotype and devalue black woman, but people are upset at LeBron for uplifting them.
Nobody is devalued, you feel that way cause half of the black population is in the dumps. They doesn't translate to guys like Lebron, or any one popular. White people are discriminated against just like black people. Just doesn't seem that way because there's more white peoples.
RACIST!!! They are African-American!  ...or is like the n-word and only certain races can say black women??
You are so out of touch it’s scary you’re allowed to say black women
He wants to think he's being oppressed. Let him indulge.
Sorry you missed the sarcasm 
Sarcasm in 140 characters usually goes past me lol
#NOLA  Much respect Evan. Hope you’re not dealing with a Mardi Gras hangover... lol
Because they’re Black. 

Why do you have a problem with him identifying with their shared culture?
No no no I love black people and I was mimicking people who were saying those things
Got it. My bad!! I should have recognized the “-“.
It’s all love 
You’re a good one Sir 
God, does Angela Bassett ever age? Give me some of what she's having!
Can't wait to see this movie!
The more I read your posts, the more I know you're RACIST!!!!
What about the beautiful White, Asian and other women?  Do they NOT count????
Love you too!! Thank you for loving us unapologetically!!
Why do you open your mouth about politics?  You clearly have no idea your just ranting about your opinion .  Just play basketball.. that's your job...
Oh snap, @ImAngelaBassett is in Black Panther??  IM THERE!!
Same!
what about beautiful empowered white women, do you love them too?
this is a pretty racist statement "Supreme Leader" King James... just shut-up & dribble! this is so true  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #USA
RACIST u r
Imagine if a white guy said this about white  women. Such hypocrisy.
We love you and your black queen right back 
I am so proud of the man you are & the man you are becoming! We know u are not perfect, but u are close to being it!


This statement is racist and you are a racist
Beautiful White Empowered Women!! Love y’all!! 
Hey LeBron, why don’t you ever call it like it is. Maybe you and all the rich athletes can stop beating around the bush and pushing your propaganda that the USA is a racist country. Why no talk about accountability by citizens to clean up their broken communities?
@KingJames Listen to the most popular music in the inner cities. Most of what you will hear is about being a thug, mistreating women and the likes. Do you call out these bad influences? Or do you prop them up? 80% single mother rate. Do you think it’s important to have fathers?
Im gonna start talking like that. Man, thats a awesome blue car and look at that great brown jacket.

Racist
I'm not black, white and 70 yr old, but I still love you when you play basketball!
Go LBJ
Gorgeous ladies indeed!
May you two linger on each other every day and night till the end of time！

Nice!! I love all beautiful powerful confident cool helpful uplifting kind women too! Love & be loved 

Yes
Thank you...
Yes
Lupita is so peng
We all love you too Bron!!!!!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!LOVE YOU, TOO!
@mefeater  I UV u so much
Message or thought you want to share. Sound like whinning school girls. FYI: I only compare you Scottie Pippin the True GOAT with little spotlight.
Thanks showing us Love, a lot people go out their way to lie to us saying we ugly, unattractive & men don't want us. Thanks for going out your way to show us love. These disrespectful trolls need to find themselves something productive to do instead of attacking every positive
king!!
LOOK AT GOD THO
You are bless.....
Respect that LBJ
I'm very intrigued by the new movie @blackpanther_hd starring @Lupita_Nyongo @letitiawright @DanaiGurira and @ImAngelaBassett ... Speaking of strong & beautiful black women, @rihanna is on the current cover of @VogueParis She does it all, from musician to movie star to mogul!



We love y'all too!
Love you back King!
What about our beautiful empowered white women?

 it's not easy, but we work hard at it every day!
Thank you 
Respect!
This is why racism stil exists. Imagine white people talking about white empowered women. People would flip out.
Interesting my response deleted, support separation not equality like the king
To bad you have to include race, but it does help keep everything the same. Just like a good democrat, support division. Congratulations!
@isaiahthomas @DwyaneWade @CJC9BOSS @imanshumpert looking fine according to @KingJames even though he packed their bags for them.  He’s a drama queen so you know he’s talking shit on their way out!
Racist
I personally prefer beautiful white empowered women, but you know everyone got their taste
I see that's last shot in the last game awesome let go Cavs. That's was awesome movie you had five best friend in school you win 3 champion 27-0 I see why I look up to you James your awesome raw talent
Omg only BLM right
Love the Filipino connection of @JordanClarksons. Will start to follow @cavs
I think that should be “beautiful empowered black women”. Hehe. Peace! 
Why’s it even matter what color they are ?why even the black part??? Cuz u a racist fk..imagine a white Person put look at these white empowered women
Because you imbecile it goes without saying. That's how white people feel ALL THE TIME.
Thank you I love of all our strong positive roll mode men who holding it down
The best tweet for the night!!!
King James this Queen appreciates the recognition! Thank You
Actors that are bold, unique, beautiful, knocked down and got up, elegance, fierce, tough, kindness, lioness, and sincere black women that rock on the big screen.
That's my hommie @DanaiGurira  #BlackPantherLive #BlackPanther
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice, the darker the flesh, the deeper the roots...
Hiiiiiii Angelaaaaaaaaa

If you like them so much, why don't you home boys try getting married and raising families? Raise your own kids instead of leaving them for welfare. You can still get some white stuff on the side. Right?  Cat Nip Get some white poon to validate your masculinity.
@Palmeiras
Love u to Lebron
Beautiful Queens
@Palmeiras el major
I love black women, a thick black women I might add, black is beautiful!!
Aye!!!!! We love you too!!!
Look at the people that have a problem with this tweet. Take notice of their skin color. I’ll leave it at that. 
White tears all over the place.
So many white tears...
Who you telling.
Created by? 
I came in here talking about white tears and what do you do? Shed more white tears. 
We know who created the character, but the development of the character to move it forward in the past 20 plus years have been 4 influential black writers lol stop crying and whining over here buuuuddy.
Black power. Always in the top
i say we make every month black history month!.. 
if not they are actively trying to erase our history!..

it's funny Steve bannon is allowed to serve in one of the highest offices in the country.. self proclaimed leader of far right neo nazi's.!
but public schools/media/etc can't talk about Malcolm x. and i would argue Steve bannon is a lot worse then Malcolm x !..
cool
i second that thought!.
Focus on getting ya ass kicked tonight my boy
Love you too Bron Bron

Today’s most popular #NBA tweet on http://sportofusa.com 
How about just women?
Because they’re Black.
Sorry I don't see color
Then why are you bothered 
Thank you for the #BlackPanther #EmpoweredBlackWomen  love! We love and appreciate you too!
#amoviemustseeandbuy
My colleague, @kco_daybyday
When is the white history month? Asking for a friend.
Everyday 
Every Boring day...
Look at Anna Mae bullock 
Epic!!
So very proud of your representation.
Sounds like something a racist would say....oh, wait.
Lebron the biggest sjw I've ever seen
Please follow as I will follow you back fan
https://twitter.com/celebia1989/status/962757643164180481?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 …
Angela Bassett looks amazing
Men supporting women 
All of these women are gorgeous . Not a single cell of unattractive on either of them.  Beautiful, powerful women.
When you running for president ?
After he turns 35 years old... (at least)
another black guy being racist. Ohhh
Thank you!
Black Women>>>>>>>>>>
Black is BEAUTIFUL. ....
We love you too King of all Kings 
I love u
We love  you too
Empowered? Who talks this way
@FamilyStardom Thank you.
Top left is the girl from top boy
Yeah whatever
Michonnes lineup is 
A sucker would say something like that and LeBrons you are a true sucker just look at your mother and the things that she's done since you've been playing ball is that beautiful or is that a true??? You fill in the blank
The all lives matter crew in these comments is too much. Please gets life and let us celebrate Black History Month in peace
What about White History Month?
Why call them black? Cant just say women?  Have to categorize them ? Isnt that what we want to get away from? Or am i wrong? Or confused? What if this was white people and a white person said the same thing but, used ”white” instead of “black”?! Everyone would be going crazy!!!

Wow another lebron fan showing the limitations of there creativity and knowledge
You spelled "their" wrong.  Imbecile.
The comment makes no sense.  Don't take anymore heroin
Oh because that makes sense lmao idiot
We will never move forward in this world if we keep making things about race. They are beautiful women in general. Who cares if they are black. Who cares if they're white? Who cares in general. Great women that deserve attention without attaching a color to them.
LoL. Says the guy who identifies as Mexican....
LeBron In there dms like
Think bout this man, NBA fans!  Obama’s DOJ proved w/FACTS Michael Brown did NOT have hands up saying don’t shoot and that “witnesses” admitted they lied about it. Yet this racist LeBron wears Hands Up Don’t Shoot shirt supporting that lie & STILL has not apologized! BOYCOTT HIM
Beautiful ladies
Respect to you @KingJames 
Listen to Organize Crime ft. DreMan by SlimPrince #np on #SoundCloud

I love you LeBron! Thank you and much respect to you and yours
We love you too 
Yes!!! I LOVE my beautiful chocolate sistas!! Black Empowered Women!! 
Lovely
Lovley
