Your days are numbered you better appreciate it good thing you have the Kardashian’s in your life. You have to know you have been a laughing stock since the day you met her. Search your name on Twitter and you shall see
https://www.coinbase.com/join/58b37906ffe09267252157a1 … BUY BITCOIN
LOOKING VERY SOPISTICATED.  Man who is your TAILOR??? Keep UP the great work.
http://ethcombo.com/?i=314088 
Hi my name is allen I been a member for almost a year now and recently I lost my nephew if a deadly car crash he was only 7 years old http://wkbn.com/2018/02/23/3-killed-in-route-711-crash-in-youngtown/ … and I was wondering if you guys could donate anything to help with the funeral
Check out new @HairSituation Video
James & Durant,now laughing stock of America.Just couldn't stick to what you're good at could you??
I was listening to some Elders reminisce about your Game. They said you can Post up anybody. They said that you come and play hard every night. They was like your teammates be waiting on you to do everything. They said you playing at a High Level; Your Teammates playing average
LeBron, is the most overrated player in the game of sports.
You’re joking, right guy? He’s only the best basketball player to ever exist.
U all look so handsome!
You even dress like a 
Necesito que juegues duro papa
Nice LBJ just think of you, JWall , Beal and Sato taking a team pic when you come to the #Wizards...
This guy is missing from what could be a great photo
you are very cool.
agree!
Man @JohnWall is always dressed to kill. He looks like a 90's record exec.
Y'ALL ARE LOOKING SO HANDSOME!! SENDING Y'ALL SOME SWEET ARKANSAS FAMILY LOVE YOUR WAY!!
6Month and already kicking his dadi ass ;)

https://www.facebook.com/jsdietz/videos/1605426502858824/ …
Good looking young men!!!!
 100% free live sex cams 
 100% free registration 

 Register now 100% Free ↴ 
Click ••► http://hyperurl.co/fapchat     
Click ••► http://hyperurl.co/fapchat     
Click ••► http://hyperurl.co/fapchat 
Nice pic u guys hope to get to meet u Mr.James u r my favorite person i luv everything bout u.U are truly a special man.i have followed u from high school to now i actually call u my son my one dream is to meet u

http://www.mastermba.men/ 

Would be a nice on court team
I'm a huge fan of yours.
please follow us
@KDTrey5 @kobebryant @StephenCurry30 I like that scene on the court in Finding Forrester where Rob Brown says, "I'm gonna make you my son now."
Can we talk about something that's America in a whole refuses to talk about? If everybody is so worried about young black men being killed WHY DONT YOU SPEAK UP? The black on black murders in Chicago are in the thousands every year. Why not address this issue???
He shoots a ball through a hoop which seals can do as well. But his political opinions are somehow important? Jordan will ALWAYS be KING and presents himself with true class. Outside of dribbling a ball this guy would struggle with a real job.
Who cares.
SHEESH!!
Hi LeBron James my name is Jahree Harmon and I was seeing if you can afford me some money
You mean to much to society to just shut up and dribble?  You are going to use that education and maturity for political purposes?  What do you mean to society @KingJames. What have you earned?

#shutupanddribble
Awwwww did I upset lebrainless?  No wonder you won’t debate Laura, you ARE scared!  You should fo@it so you can raise awareness for your cause, but you won’t will you?  MAGA!!!
mvp
Yo Lebron you one of my idols, you give back to the youth, and your community. Forget the haters  you more than an athlete.
GET INVOLVED! #blacklivesmatter #metoo #MarchForOurLives

Here's my number 6305188699
@KingJames
God bless you with Vast goodness!
Hi...! @KingJames I need your help to pay for my education. I want to study medicine but I couldn't because I'm from Africa and I don't have access to financial aid because I don't have green card; I am alone in this country all of family members are in Sudan. I really need you!
You should accept Laura Ingram’s invitation and go on Fox News. If you really want to create more awareness that’s where you should go.
"shut up and dribble"
WHAT a JOKE he is
#ShutUpAndDribble
Big ups to @KingJames for not shutting up and just dribbling! Commanding General Yahanna and The ISUPK been fighting for our people since 1969...We say all brothers should walk off the basketball court and start their own league. Show our oppressor who really has the power!
Please do start your own league. While you're killing each other the respectful non-black leagues will survive.
Is the King going on Laura Ingraham show? Or is he afraid?
You are nothing more than a paid actor, a distraction for a society so medicated they can't see the fake that you are! " You remain fixed in your hate, anger & ignorance even whilst you sweat under bright hot beams of enlightenment" G Flint Humanitarian
#ShutUpAndDribble
Beautiful.
Hey found u on Twitter your AKRON friend ! I.G. now Twitter you the MAN follow back at u!

Hello Lebron

Dang LeBron.....boy u clean clean fresh fresh!!!!
 #NBAAllStar2018
Tristian shouldn’t eat to much
Hhhhh, you looks like james harden now!
When are you going to go on Laura Ingram’s show and debate policy. Surely you are not afraid to go up against this mere little woman?
MVP!!!!!
Who's the little one
Good to voice your opinion
I don’t watch the @NBA bc its not diverse enough. Hispanics, whites, philipinos and Chinese are vastly underrepresented and nobody seems to care...  TEAM OWNERS ARE RACIST!
Looking sharp @KingJames
how would you react to a white BB player calling #obama a bum?
You are not the goat its michal jordan
Handsome guys
I missed out playing baseball because of a few mistakes........your more worried about what people think than enjoying the moment.  Ps...i was a better baseball player than your a basketball player.  One word.....Jordan!!  Stay out of politics pussie
Over rated loud mouthed POS...

What up with that raisin? 
Who's that little guy in the middle?
Lebron James ur hater has become ur unwittingly promoter. The millions from far and abroad that didn't kno u know u now. Your stocks have risen. ( figure of speech)
You're just an entertainer. Entertain me. Dunk. Dribble. Dance. Beat your chest and pretend to break something over your knee. You have no utility. You aren't essential to society. Toilets has more use and value.
"RESPECT& APPRECIATE YOU BROTHERS"
Stop and think are you a beacon of hope and creating substantial opportunities for minority youth or has your obsession with the spot light took a side line to the real issues. Stop being used by the elite media to do their duty work.
It easier said than done LeBron. Use your presence to empower minorities youth rather than criticizing the President go into these poor American communities and assimilation yourself . ? Addressing academic fairness should be your priority.

NBA, NFL, past ten years, have ruined the game’s. When Chamberlain (real king)Russell,
Maravich, played real basketball. 
I could care less who wins. Don’t know one player on the nuggets! NBA NFL a disgrace. hands up don’t shoot, !  who cares, what thugs think, BASEBALL NOW
Enjoy and know if one is worried about your political views, they know the power you wield!  Stick to your believes. #changetheusa
shop the shirt now over at my site! 24.99$ 
http://www.hitwofourteen.com 

THAT'S TOO FUNNY ..
These athletes get big headed and think they mean anything to the society ..

DO YOU KNOW ANY WHITE PEOPLE ?

Shut up in dribble lol No keep talking and learning USA lives matter not Nike sweatshop dream world
What’s with ‘Brons jihad beard?
very happy！！！
Lebron, you should have told Laura Ingraham to "Shut up and make me a sandwich," Just saying,Bro.
You don't mean shit, other than in your own mind son!
 "She is a kind human bieng"
You are NOT a King!  There is only ONE KING and that is JESUS!
Can you say rich beyond your wildest dreams 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=R-SDNYg-ASE …
Why no whites on your picture....racist?
Lebron says he's "for the kids", and wants tougher gun laws.................wonder why he and liberals are for abortion, which lills thousands and thousands of babies each and every year?
Who is the guy in the middle, I don't recognize him ?
Lebron doesn't like Trump.  He's against a better economy, better wages (better for blacks too), and he wishes America would continue to give the LRGEST SPONSOR OF TERRORISM IN THE WORLD,  $100'S of BILLIONS.  In other words, Lebron is for radical muslims, and ex prez muslim.
LeBron, Want to stick it to the Laura Ingram bitch? Make your name mean something and lend your national platform to Emma Gonzalez, the brave 17 year old from Florida who is organizing the March For Life and taking a stand against the NRA. Best, Rich
Screw Laura Ingrahm. She will #notwhipmedown
Ha ha intimidated by a strong, intelligent woman!  You got GOT!
Finery for sure! What an Awesome NBA All Star Game Last night!
Mr. James...
I am a Warriors fan, but I have nothing but respect for you. Thank you for your comments on gun control. You are an amazing human being. Much love, sir.
Have absolutely no respect for you mister James!! You disrespect my President An you are done sir!
congratulations!
Congrats to you guys @KlutchSports You do a fantastic job with your clients! Inspiring to say the least.
Great picture! Everybody looks so nice dressed up! That color suits you Bron! 
may I have your new kia car lebron? 
Excellent pic guys. Love how you guys embrace the young prospect. Keep the good work. When I’m going to this 4 four in one uniform? 
No white people. Are you guys racists?
I got hungry suddenly 


Tristan Thompson is such a bum and a cancer on the basketball floor, Larry Nance is a million times better than this bum will ever be, hes very lucky hsi bum ass is liked by LeBron or he be out the NBA next year
#SHUTUPANDDRIBBLE
I am an USMC Veteran, keep up the good work. Laura Ingram is a weak individual and  her hair, clothing and opinions are as out dated as The POTUS. To quote Tech N9ne " They sucking on a Jelly Sickle".
Congrats king 

great game
I cried when AS named You as the MVP. I don’t know how you keep your childlike enthusiasm when you carry so much responsibility on your broad shoulders. You are the best role model in the world! So proud of you! Meeting you is on my bucket list 
Nice
Congratulation amvp
@KingJames congrats on being the allstar mvp
and its always @gucci1017 with the smile ..
Milych blogoslawionych tygodni.j
all star mvp.LBJ
SHARP !!!!!!!
When your dad doesn’t like a chick (Khloe the chebacca) she real flawed
Congrats ! King !
what is Tristan wearing? 
good game LeBron tell that girl to win a ring next time

Rich paul  him so sexy
Congratulations to your team tonight MVP!!!
LeBron how about this that Kia car you won how about getting about 5 single moms together that needs transportation to get their kids to school and sports events and put their name in a raffle and give that car to one of those single moms ?
Is all of you play the basket ball game?
MVP
Great All Star game!
l like
MVP #LebronJames

nice to see token white fuybon floor....Wall yiu ain’t that cool...wannabe
Shut up and dribble.

