Lebron is the only superstar ever to remind everyone of his accomplishments constantly



 he still never won a title going to Miami don’t count. Going back to Cleveland don’t count they had young up in coming talent.
The man beat the 73-9 warriors and you saying that don’t count 
My man cam back from a 3-1 lead and that doesn’t count
 the hate is so real


Lmao ur celtics getting swept in the 1st round
You’re a cavs fan please sit back down 
And u are a celtics fan
Boston’s going farther in the playoffs than Cleveland is
Lmao what drugs are u on?

Been better than Jordan for a minute
lol  you can’t be serious lmao 
I wasn’t alive for the Jordan era but I can’t imagine anybody being able to impact the game as much as LBJ, doesn’t even seem possible
With 2 different teams 

GOAT doing GOAT stuff 
What about in June?
Have you seen the teams in those divisions?
Yea. And dominated them all
People be saying the east is weak but who made the east weak KING JAMES
And people still love to hate
Yet not enough rings.
The Goat

"Listen, when I come to the Lakers BBB stands for Bron Bron ball. You shoot that broke ass wind up jumper you gon wind up traded." #Donnyism 
Lol
@boppychula_
hahha he’s in the east this isn’t an achievement
Meh, still don't care 

Think about this LeBron, monster team: AD, Cousins, you, Love  and whoever you want for guard
LeBron James is Legend 
As a self proclaimed Lebron Hater, does this highlight the fact that he keeps loosing in the finals despite having a top tier team from the east.... ORRRRR does it say that he is always on top of his division because the East is so weak??
Division titles are HUGE for his legacy ....................................
GOAT
@rvmndz nuna
My MVP... all hail the king!
"But how can that be because Michael Jordan..."-Jordan Jockers

King MVP James!
I didn't know basketball even had divisions. They're pointless!
Wow GOAT!
LeBron is a mediocre player who is completely carried by NBA officials. A legend in his own mind and a joke
god save the king
All Hail The King!
LeBron James is the MVP of this 1st round. Is Tornike  Shengelia #MVPMovistar


and that is because the eastern conference SUCKS!!!!
That’s not something good if more than half of those don’t even mean getting a ring
太牛了
Weak conference for 8 of them.
Lebron Would You Say Playing Detroit In Your First Few Years Made You Change Your Game Up Some?
Didnt even think divisions were still a thing hahahahaha
Yeah really well its snowing here
十五年了，已经变成三旬老汉了。但是依然是联盟第一人！
永远挺他
Beat the 73-9 team and win a championship ring! Thats #facts
King
Notice Skip Bayless very seldom  touch race issue.@ShannonSharpe @RepMaxineWaters @TyronnLue @RealSkipBayless when Blacks defend selves. Racist and not so racist says do not defend selves “continue being slaves.
Lebron watch video tape. You blocked ball and ball hit back board. Find out which came first ball hit backboard first or Lebron blocked ball first then ball hit @RepMaxineWaters @serenawilliams @@TyronnLue @RealSkipBayless backboard.@ShannonSharpe @undisputed
this is for you，lbj！you are 666！
Retire
Lue need to play osman and zinci
Retweet
Whoops that is from Fox...can we depend on accuracy???
Thank you for everything LBJ. You make Cleveland proud!!!
my son!!!! (my "Sugar Plum") Love from your "Pensacola FL momma" Big Hug!!!! sooo Proud of you, LeBron, in JESUS name. Yezzzzz!!!!
modern day Jerry West West. west is the logo but we all know mj is better. Lebron have stats but real basketball fans know kobe is better so the mj comparison is non existent
If @KingJames is not voted MVP this year, I swear he should just retire or leave the league and play overseas somewhere where his talent is appreciated and recognized.
恭喜詹皇
Waiting for Zero Dark Thirst.


How u do it bruh?
We can now all stop making the comparisons about who’s better: LeBron or Tom Heinsohn
ZERO DARK THIRTY
#StriveForGreatness The GOAT is smilingly the  aka @KingJames aka #MVP!
Kyrie my boy! buuut.....
#freedomfiend
@AdamKearney14
long live the king
What Other records will this man beat? He is just simply beyond the best! Love @KingJames

恭喜詹詹！
Say what you want but the east is Lebron's pussy
#Howard #stern doesn't have a #Marconi #award.......
He's becoming a #Goat #club #member his own way.  How do you #judge whos the #greatest of all time #anyway? There's no one #answer so there's no #such thing.

#KingJames4Life

Greatness legendary
He’s a player who plays for stats it’s simple
Only in the EAST. . The weak east. He don't want the WEST.
But 3-5 in finals! LOL
Wait, did Jordan win in AA baseball?
haha had to go to the stats for this one. Even if you count his 2 baseball years...His run would have only been 8. The "Baby boys" @DetroitPistons owned the Central Division early in @Jumpman23's career. And I also had to check. The @BhamBarons finished dead last in '94.
Ha. Eat shit queen. Keep taking HGH until your jaw sticks out 12 feet.
@pigpussy69
Lebron the biggest choker.  Couldn't guard bogdan
Bogdonovich dropping 30 on the queen
How much do you love yourself Lebron? No class.
But he’s still just a stupid loudmouth celebrity full of himself 
@king
Great game Lebron,your like Allen iverson when he had to carry philly.
Congrats and good luck from Montreal
With total help from the refs and a superstar crybaby! Who bullies everyone else and cries about touch fouls ....ohhh that was flagrant!!! He touched or looked cross eyed at the King
G.O.A.T.
Any list with Michael Cooper on is dope.
Stop comparing what BULLS (a good team) accompliced with MJ with what LBJ (the GOAT)  achives with his teams.
#cumguzzlerjames On his knees for the refs
#cumguzzlerjames Xx
#cumguzzlerjames
Boy might have sucked all the dick for nothing with these calls and swallowed all that cum from the refs and still might not win #lebronthecumguzzler
No Homo
Good luck tonight against Pacers!!
Lebron is just a big bully. Cant play basketball. You need to be able to shoot the ball. One dimensional.
Hea ball hogits not a o e man team
So amazing! So awesome @KingJames !!!
lol
He is the queen!
King James
Let's grab this last one like a all black u.s flag on the screen....What y'all doing dominant Cavs history ...let them chase the dream if greatness...
Join the warriors, or you won't win the championship.
胡扯
Going to Cavs game 6 tn against pacers!!! We move on to next series with a win!!! Let's go Cavs!!! #Cleveland #WhateverItTakes  #CavsPacers
Pointless
Hi Lebron please Reunite with Kyrie.please. I promise you and Kyrie are good friends..not only good friends.. but good tandem.. King James. Kyrie Irving. Gordon Hayward. Tatum, Jalen Brown. AL Horford. Youll gonna beat all the teams. # Dynasty
滴 滴滴
Now tomorrow i need our cavs best basketball to close thw series out and LeBron be lebron i need the rest of the team to find there confidence and play cavs ball we know how to play go cavs
LBJ  I think you are the best in the game
LEBRON JAMES IS HANDS DOWN THE MVP NOW !!!
I tried to deny it, but I no longer can. You sir are officially the GOAT in my book...!!
King!!!
https://www.instagram.com/art_juse/ 
LEVRON IS THE GOAT
Very happy for you LeBron ~ Congrats to you! ~ #KingJames  #ManyMoreBlessings
not impressed, he did it with cavs and miami, surrounded by other all star playes, look at those below him, only one team
Anyone that discrepects our President based on opinion is dumber than a box of rocks. Especially when they are role models to our children. Therefore his accomplishments will never matter to millions of others. No class. Learn to be like Mike. That’s class!
LEBRON KEVIN NEEDS TO STOP ACTING SCARED LIKE HES GOING TO GET HURT AND HELP YOU WIN
Congratulations
If he had to follow the same rules other player do & was called every time he fouled, he would only be half the champion. He brings money so they let him make a mockery of the game. He whines & makes a joke of himself with his self-aggrandizement. What a fool he has become.
Oh really?!?! Cause your change the rule with Cavs! Yes, you are... I dont think your go win for Eastern Conference champion. Your only CHEATER yourself! Did you take STERIOD... Yes, I bet.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=616729045374432&id=100011120257639 …

He’s trash not even as good as Kobe  not even in the same room as Jordan
Still not better than Michael, but close.
The king of the mvp
Great
Dippin your shoulder on your free throws..stay square it'll start falling..

Let’s worry about the real stats. Championship rings baby!! LBJ you got some work to do but plenty of time to do it.
Jordan still better.
We need you to get into boss up mode @KingJames  can't nobody stop you
See this #AmazonGiveaway for a chance to win: Wifi Smart Power Strip, Smart Surge Protector with 4 USB Charging Ports and 4 Smart AC Plugs https://giveaway.amazon.com/p/b3513652aebad272 … … NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Ends the earlier of Apr 22, 2018 11:59 PM PDT, or when all prizes are claimed
  
GOAT = @KingJames
The KING is back man
BLESS GODYES ! Preach is GOOD GOD is GOOD Ezra 3:11 Ultimately GOD is Merciful brother lebron as messenger i Encourage take Courage in what GOD has given you Rebuke when Called for, you! are a Watchman/Ambassador amenbrotherly lovePr15:31-32,Ps141:5,Ezk3,1Cor3
Why do they even have divisions?
CAN THE NEW CAVS SHAKE THE PLAYOFF JITTERS ???
He is not better than Bill Russell are none of those die before him he's a f****** bomb he plays for stacks I blame the NBA in the referees and his girlfriend Adam Silver
so MJ fans you still want to debate.. face the fact MJ was the greatest in his time but LBJ is the greatest in his time.....no matter how many rings they have the stats prove that
Legendary, Best of the best !

mvp
gods plan
come on.  LeBron James
Go head BRON BRON

Yea LEBRON      Your the man!!!!
Win  LeBron games

Congrats ChampFrOm me & my grandsons!
THAT'S BECAUSE THE EAST IS GARBAGE AND SO IS THE NBA. LEBUM HAS BENIFITED FROM A WATERED DOWN VERSION OF A LEAGUE.
love you
Not this year, lol
BLESS GODHE RULES in HEAVEN and EARTH! Season Over! you CHOOSE Lebron? Pr21:30,Dt30:15-20,Ps119:24,Jsh7,Nm14,Gen12;20;26Recieve! Turn and maybe GOD will HealEzek3,Dan4,Jn8:32Team! we are Body! Jer5:25,Job22:21-30,Pr7,Lk11:21amen
James can lead the cavs come back although they are down 0-1
Wow what a great accomplishment, you're officially better then MJ now.
https://youtu.be/E8RtGiFuvXo  #goodlife #goat down 1-0 in the first round play this always get me motivated
Hell yes.
I used to back lbj in all mj comments.. not amy more mj is.clearly the best to ever and will ever play the game..PERIOD!
Divisions are still a thing?? Smh js.. i mean cmon man lets be real!!
After seeing.lbj.comments and childish antics against HIS PRESIDENT
..all i can.say is GO TO LA WHERE YOU.ARE WANTED! GET OUT.OF.CLEVELAND LEFLOP! F U HOMEBOY
#SkipForGreatness
LeBron you are the best to ever play...pray your team plays as one unit in playoffs...today game loss was a humbling lesson but a good one...Go Cavs
Lebron, Lance Stephenson owns you...
Way to leave the court early! Great example to those kids that look up to you! The true side of LeBron!!!
Good job LeBron #records
I knew I didn't care about this accolade the second I saw Michael Cooper in 2nd place
@RealSkipBayless
#MVP #LBJ #Thekidfromakron #theKing #KingJames #myfavorite #23
Go get Lebron
You are GREAT LeBron, but there is only one King and that's Jesus Christ, so be careful what you call yourself" and you know in your Heart deep DeEp down, you ain't this good... I dare you to watch...
The name Lebron literally means king. It's an African name.
LeBrons next post will be him with this
