.@johnkrasinski's #AQuietPlace is one scary-ass monster movie http://gq.mn/lkZwJsE  
https://www.gofundme.com/dog-paralyzed-need-help … 
Can you please help me this is my last resort. This is nothing to you but it would be so much to me. At least watch the video and see it’s  going to something good
what's this
For the love of God can somebody please get that man a Rap check?! Whatever the fuck that is.
Yoooooo
Yoo this movie has such a simple premise but it is  and it is one of the  scariest movies I've seen in a long time!! #AQuietPlace
It sucked!!!!! Dont do it!
Why does it suck?
Its about a family who has to stay quiet the rest of their lives because if they make noise, this jeepers creepers looking thing snatches you up and kills you. And basically 90% of the movie you had to read the subtitles since its a “quiet place”. 
But you can’t watch it w/o her 
CAN THE NEW CAVS SHAKE THE PLAYOFF JITTERS ???
It wasn’t that great :(
老北京666

Kráľovná anglicka
The movie was filmed in my town, how cool would it be for you and the fam to see the house in person?
Dude, it was hella dope man! Go see it ASAP
it wasn't really scary at all...
Hi... Idol King James
Follow me

Great movie!  My 9 year old son and I double dated with my 16 year old son and his gf.  Of course I paid!!!
Hey lebron I think the only plot hole in the movie is what if somebody has to fart @johnkrasinski
雷猴啊！詹詹！
Great movie LBJ!!!
That’s weird I always thought you were gay

Did you get to go?? We saw it tonight & loved it!

Big 50 Tomorrow, Stay Calm... @KingJames
hi lbj, I'm ur fans, I came from China, I wish I can see u in the Finals at Cleveland,god bless, please answer  me a word,(๑´∀`๑) my name is Hou
We rally, march, and speak out against everything else, what about these negative elements that plague our communities....lack of education, drugs, jobs, crime?  #BlackPeace1st Pride Education And Community Evolution 1st.
If you athletes really want to involve yourselves in social matters, 5/6/2018 is a national day to recognize the young black children, men and women who have died as a result of black on black violence. This is the elephant in the room that most people seem to ignore.
Can king james see it ?wowooo, I am your fans for more than ten years, the first time speak to you , excited.
This movie actually looks pretty good

z
baby i love you
Lebron please stay with cavs dont worry about dan Gilbert and we wish to see you retired with cavs a big fan from india
I hate tyroon lue
*been


LBJ=PEDs
https://m.facebook.com/groups/442350776193786 …
Make your god damn free throws
Lol
Your Father must/is a Hell of a Man, because look at yourself.
Thank You, I Love You @KingJames 
#TrailandTribulations
#SacrificesandSituations
nice
Nice choke Job last night...
what about the 30 point comeback? i think you forgot that everyone misses free throws. it’s part of basketball.
What are your thoughts about South Africa and anti white violence kang James? And mofuka is not a valid response
I know I want to!!
In LA and Philly you'll never win a title, but maybe that's not your goal anymore?
Goin be dope
Movie was so dope! And it’s a tear jerker
Huh? Next time in English please.
I’ll save you some time so you can work on your free throws: it was GREAT.
Lebron please with cavs dont mind about dan Gilbert and please retire with cavs
Dad, my wife left me
ارجو لك ولزو جتك معايشة المراد قريبا
Just saw it today and IT'S SO FRIGGING GOOD
Goat
You gonna double date with your mom and Delonte West?
@KingJames Aye how many retweets till you join the boys in Philly???

Are probably coming plus everyone loves porzangis even though he is injured he wants the Knicks in the playoffs he is competitive also enes is a great player who knows his future but if he stays he will welcome you here so please come no place like ny to win
You know it’s Porzingis right ?
Are*
Completely unrelated but, I really, really like that you called #DonTheCon a bum.
Lebron i am a diehard loyal Knicks fan thats wants competitiveness at the garden i want the playoffs next year when i heard people are putting up signs to come here please we may not win a championship right away but you got 3 plus doc rivers or Mark Jackson
@KingJames  My day. Tonight is really a magic game. Really let me in again for you. Lebron MVP
LeBron we actually lost because three throws man,hope you will be better in those.
It’s soooo good. You’ll love it!
I’ve never seen one player bitch for calls as much as this guy 
LeBron please work on your three throws man you have to knock all of them down.
Wife and I are* not be.
In your bio you use the wrong to my friend
You forgot to punctuate the end of your comment.

1876 black babies are aborted daily. Hillary Clinton fully supports that.


Love President Obama, God bless


Aye Bron, we’re not trump supporters at the Lakers @KingJames
stop it. LeBron is never gonna go to a lottery team like the lakers
50+ @KingJames
#WeTheNorth would appreciate it if you could schedule this for an evening before you play the Raptors..preferably the late show.
Double date were in Bath,keep it up.slick win last night
segue o @victaoreis 
C tem duvidas? Eu não!
You’re gonna be as scared as those raptors are of you!!
It was amazing!!!!
Really looking forward to watching this movie. I love scary movies!!
You guys are gonna love it
blast from the past
#AQUIETPLACE OMG
é o álcool e as drogas acabam com á pessoa ;ninguém regula á américa
Well I guess my husband and I will have to see it too
I don’t do horror but I want to see this!!!
Looking good man!
King, it is amazing!!!! @johnkrasinski knocked it out of the park
waiting for the video of a Lebron jump scare like
U should win the East now
I guess kyrie  still gonna help LBJ
Nice
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2080660255281850&id=100000136881102 … Please help these kids fulfill their simple wish
Watched it Tuesday it was incredible!
Double Date!!!??? 
Micheal is on his own level 
LeFlop will never Chase his airness
@NBA if @KingJames doesn’t win MVP. I’ll never watch another nba game. Dude is in his 15th season , 1st in minutes , 1st in points , 2nd in assist and 2nd in triple doubles. Averaging 30/10/10 since Feb 1st. Dude is actually not human.
I have a horror trilogy that you will love... I'm serious about meeting with you and your people..www.vincentmward.com
@chloee_maynard dude even Lebron is going to watch it
Hi hi hi
Here i am there again
Do you remebmer me?
I am still waiting you 
Plaese reply(cheer upDBC)under it
I love that it's more thriller than horror.
you know u got da stick bro
@CatherineBush 
@Ilhamfarooque
Delonte West
Quicken loans center is the opposite!!!! You have passed his airiness in my opinion
@abby0radd since Lebrons going to see it, I wanna watch it now
Goat’s only theater
Oh lawd

What does Bama have a show like mine even mean? Lmao
When does this come out?!!! I need to go! Need! Must go! Love a good scare!!!!
Bro same here. It looks good man
@mmcmurrich9
WE HAVE TO GO
I must see this after I complete "Entering the Life of the Exquisite Past"
It looks sooo good!! Can’t wait to see!
It looks okay
A horror movie that’s PG 13 doesn’t make sense to me...
So it doesnt have much explicit language probably
Shit, there's stuff on network tv at 8 PM that would have gotten a movie a hard R rating ten years ago.  People don't care about violence in movies and shows anymore.
Will be*
Going to see it tomorrow
How many times are you going to watch during the first round of the playoffs? 15? 30?? Maybe you’ll just read the script a few times too?
You know if you lived in LA you could go to the premiers early.......ijs
TBH itd be more fun seeing it with a non film industry audience as the reactions to the scary moments would be real af. I feel this goes for any scary movies really
That will be the nickname of Quicken Loans Arena if you leave this summer


Ill let you know how it is Bron, going to see it now.
I hope you’re ready for Kanter to come at you
Me too. That ‘Bad Samaritan' looks good also
Most of the u.s. wishes u would be quiet every once in awhile sheshhhhh
@exception74
Let's go bron!!!
Have you ever watched the movie Barber  Shop?
It’s good af I seen the screen play couple of days ago
Legends supporting legends
I havent even seen a trailer for this but now Im all hyped up
...
It’s really great boss!
Shot in my hometown. Gonna be a good one
watch after playoffs.............................focus on nba now.#nba
Thank you for supporting real film goatv
Wait, I said a month ago I was going to see this. I’ll be damned if I’m going to let someone steal my idea of seeing this movie first and do the same thing I’m doing.  The lawyers will figure it out!
My wifes to afraid...... smh
Can my boyfriend and I come see it with you? 

You will probably have your lawyers send a notice to the producers about how they stole your idea.
#SeeIt
Me too! I love horror flicks!
@bbyheartthrob lol Lebron said it’s a go 
Jim made this, so I’m already goin
@rburrows87
Too scary!

