All athletes please understand this is a business 1st. Nothing comes b4 the business part of professional sports. You can be a fan favorite,a team captain,a blessing to the community and a darn good player but please remember its business 1st. #Truth
Follow ya boi @ZachRapMaster98
This is why you’re the GOAT, and you’ll be building a business empire that will last forever
Cause MJ didn’t do that based on 1 freaking item 
Lebron’s empire will range from sports agencies, to entertainment giants, to a national fast food chain, to a potential high school franchise.
No athlete has ever done that. In fact, not many businessmen period, have ever done that.
THANKS LBJ FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP YOU ARE THE GOAT IN MY BOOK I FEEL SO BAD THAT THEY LEFT YOU WITH THEM BUMS TO PLAY WITH AND WHAT EVER YOU DECIDE TO DO IN THE OFF SEASON I SUPPORT YOU 100% VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH LOVE AND J.R I'M EMOTIONAL FORGIVE ME THANKS BRON!
Cut on left eye.
#LBJmyidolunstoppable
When he gets one more highlight out
A couple tweets of Bronny Jr.’s highlights & we should be good
Aye LeBron I'm a huge fan and would like for you get the 4th ring so please beat the Pacers #AllIn
Hey Bron Bron...I'm a big fan of you, in and out the court. But this right here? I don't quite agree. If it's all business why did you leave Miami for the Cavs that year? Lakers, Knicks, Suns, Rockets all offered better contracts & a more promising future...but you chose the Cavs
Plus why didn't you leave the Cavs after Kyrie was traded? It is safe to say that business wise he is the main reason you returned to the Cavs. I'm okay with you leaving the Cavs... Idrc...I follow Bron anywhere. But don't deny your return to the Cavs wasn't any bit sentimental.
今天的比赛骑士会赢
You need to just go to Indiana and win a chip with @StephensonLance already lol
LeBron James you are the greatest player in my mind ！
@up2dateall this his last warning before he dip out. He just want y’all to understand it’s Business 

LeGOAT!
How bout:
L
stands for LeShon.
There's no need to put quotation marks on his name, "king"....
So we gonna do this again

I'm cool with Westbrook warning:
95% of African Americans vote democrat = electoral slavery = the new plantation.  Every four years democrats drive by the black community to wave and harvest votes then do nothing, why?  Democrats need blacks to be poor and dependent to stay in power.  Kanye = the new MLK
Cavs in 4
Spider-Man dies ... oh and black panther and the green chick -blame star lord  hahaha 
This is New York . Game 7 your team must go in with roughnes, Toughness , defense.  Players not watching the ball.@TyronnLue @ShannonSharpe @undisputed @KingJames @IsiahThomas
#MILLERLITECLE #indians083
He is 
Niiice 
Why you not in Zero Dark Thirty Mode
Til tomorrow huh
Nope just an hour before game time I left a man have his day!
Still not in zero dark thirty mode doe 
Revolutionary Idea!

Planet Stars!

4 commercial labels!

B.A.S.E.(YE)
I hope you can get the NBA championship
King James


Get off social media! The playoffs start today 
Let the man breathe give him a couple hours
Come on,James,u are the best!
Cool
小皇帝  加油！
your big fan from the Philippines #whateverItTakes
#shout out please
the  king

Hi,Lebron,I'm from China,I'M your 4 years fans ,why i like basketball?Because i like you,you are my hero,you are my king!


You may wanna handle business here, too:
Shaq has a VERY special offer for @joelembiid and @kingjames.  (We just hope LeBron sees this before Zero Dark Thirty-23 begins!) 

…
LeBron doesn’t care about your show, Shaq. Lol.
Relax, he hasn’t declared it yet. It is coming though, he hinted at it on Instagram yesterday
He told me personally through a friend

James is ok,you can  go.
Just go！ Choose your own direction.
Signs?
Hi LeBron James


are you serious ?
Hi Lebron please Reunite with Kyrie.please. I promise you and Kyrie are good friends..not only good friends.. but good tandem.. King James. Kyrie Irving. Gordon Hayward. Tatum, Jalen Brown. AL Horford. Youll gonna beat all the teams. # Dynasty
You are the King!
It's a amazing overkill!!!Support you forever!!The chosen 1!
LEBRON THE KING OF THE LAND IS SO RIGHT..??? LOVE YOU MR23 MR MVP.. SHANNON AND I GOT YOUR BACK WITH SKIP..!!!!!!WE WILL ALWAYS HOLD IT DOWN FOR YOU ON THE WESTSIDE..!!!!
You are my idol
This is a great game for you today. I love you
you are so the best @KingJames
Congratulations! Tonight's game. My son Zakuree is unbelievable. Screaming tonight saying " yes! LeBron he's definitely your#1 fan. Always have to buy your name brand shoes...for my 16 yrs.old son Zakuree.
Thanks for this miracle shot #KingJames
In order to get Kevin Love involved you need to run two plays that they run for dirk on Dallas Mavericks. And remember all you have to do is double half court trap Victor instead of giving him a money shot to score if you stop Victor then the whole team will collapse.
Come to Brooklyn #nets

Hey, buddy, you are the best. You are the best guy on the planet. After four matches, I believe you can do it.
I'm from China, I'm your fan. I watched your ball today. You've done the best of this game. I'll support you all the time. I hope to get your reply. I really like you.
2018 final most vaule player lbj
LeBron you are soo good and my family including my 2 yr old love watchin you. but its hard to watch you play with someone like Kevin Love who wears a 0 because he is a zero and helps you less than that
I am your biggest fan I am from Akron Ohio I live at 886 Kling st Akron Ohio 44311 I am reaching out cause I need help see my boyfriend has breathing problem and he can not do the yard work any more and I work as nursing assistant in the nursing home
You are going to be ok LeBron James I was you I still leave after the season over you won the a championship now it time for you to finish your chapter somewhere else
Business first. Which means u retire you need to come back and work to buy the Cavs. Goals. 
When u r the  Cavs owner, can u also coach the team? 
Asking for a friend.  

I Love you LEBRON JAMES...
What ever its take...
IM STILL YOU DIE HARD FAN FROM THE PHILIPPINES....
LEBRON JAMES ALL THE WAY....
NBA never be thesame with out you KING JAMES....
Strive for greatness 

Lebron to philly confirmed
LeBron > MJ and it ain't even close.
Lerbon cheer!!!
#TrueStory. Can't wait for you to buy a team. Oh yeah, #DubNation tho.
We understand it's a business first. However when you follow a team and invest in them you can also be upset when a player leaves.
Make sure you get yours, sir.
Each person comes into this world to positively touch lives, be a bridge to help elevate their fellow man and do what’s best for them first. No one controls a person decisions unless they allow them. Athletes should be able to switch up employment just like owners can trade them
It is what it is!!!!!! #GO CLEVELAND!!!!
mood  for  4TH  CHAMPION !
Finish in Cleveland boss!
So you taking you talents to Central Florida.........@OrlandoMagic
You're right Pro Sports is a business & the. @NCAA's Football & Basketball programs are a multi-billion dollar business, too. I hope one day college players follow your advice, too. B/c it's all about the paper. Don't get played...
Yo Lebron does this mean u coming to LA? (Please come)
He leaving the LAND LOL
Welp. Nice knowing ya king.
Try!
Same as any business. They don’t love you. They love what you do. Don’t get it twisted thinking you are the man and can’t be touched. As soon as you get hurt and can’t perform it’s on to the next strong back/buck.
Bring the headband back
Hello Mr. James Philly looking like the primetime place.  You’ll love it here.
There would be no NBA if the business side didn’t come first!!
Its not time to go dark yet? Lol
I’m no grammar guru, but this is wrong.
He gone


This might be the last or second to last tweet before you know what for us #Cavs fans...ZERO DARK THIRTY mode for The King .
we are champion我们是冠军
Why do y'all keep asking when is he going to close his Twitter? He never closes his @Twitter or @instagram  he just doesn't respond to y'all. Zero Dark Thirty 23 is no response to social media. Understand that!! But he responded to Prime @DeionSanders
So as a team owner, they have no right that to cut an overrated player like Dez Bryant?  Get out!!
"Zero Dark Thirty-23" lying headass
#HeGone
Lebron to Houston confirmed
But....But .....Your businesses is in LA  ?  See you soon #Lakers
When is zero dark 30?
No Zero Dark Thirty mode. .. the king
hot seat: zero dark 30 twenty three
Lebron James ppg avg in the pacers series?
return to Miami return to Miami return to Miami
MVP playoff go on
Zero dark thirty ?
Hey what time are we going dark? Need to prepare myself for the best tweet of the year
Zero dark thirty-23!!
This the first sign of your exit from Cleveland huh at least get us one more ring
Today is that day I'm  wacrhing the king  James  too player apart today C4mvp
It's Zero Dark Thirty 23 time LeBron
Zero Dark 23 mode 
They about to post this all over Sportcenter with rumors that you leaving Cleveland big dawg lol
Zero Dark Thirty timeeeeeeeee

born 12/30/1984 
1+2+3+0+1+9+8+4=28 

the number of wealth in #NUMEROLOGY
When is Zero Dark Thirty?
AMEN
Good game lebron keep up the good work.
Join us at African Museum may 18, Dr Umar Johnson fundraiser. More info 316-721-6555
Umar Johnson is a messenger of hate. For your reputation avoid this event
And the fans aren't gonna pay 200 bucks to watch you play. Business first, remember that fans.... 40 bucks to park, 10 bucks for a .10 cent hotdog... yep, business first. #preachthat #dontoverpay
Spend that money in church... Spend that money in your community.... #thankyou @KingJames for being a leader to these kids. Don't misunderstand my words
@B223Duane lebron to lakers confirmed
He just told you all he is leaving Cleveland lmao
Lebron planting seeds
It’s playoff time what you doing on social media we don’t do that
New to twit. #heat fan 1, 3, 6 #relocated NJ. Amazon workers seeing game on 5/3 Cavs before start of 2nd shift# Florence, NJ.

lebron won championships because he bet on hisself, even though cleveland hated on his success as a basketball player. lebron is an all-time great.
Translation: Bye Cleveland.
First year in the league and he put Jordan on skates. 
#NotMyGoat
@KingJames Congrats. Tornike Shengelia #MVPMovistar
Love uuuuu
Football player------with one hand made it to the NFL

What is your excuse for not going after your dreams

His story http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8279873/1/#new …
Notify me hahahhah @KingJames
So, Lebron you’re ready to leave us?
I would like bro I would like to congratulate you in the Cleveland Cavaliers and the old man keep it up going win the finals baby
How was acting class
okay
Hi LeBron you are the hero I hope to see you in live game
#cumguzzlerjames .
#cumguzzlerjames 
#cumguzzlerjames 
 #cumguzzlerjames
#cumguzzlerjames  
#cumguzzlerjames
Big fan of yours. Im watching your NBA playoffs game....and its cool how you have gotten better to achieve your goal and you are better than Stephen Curry
Y'all ain't Nobodies P@ssy Punk B!tches
@KingJames, @RealTristan13 
@kevinlove, @TheRealJRSmith

lebron... Saquen a clarkson
LeHog

LeBron Shawn Im on win baby win let's take this game we need it I'm watching today my friend
LABron.
ok
Obama was weak, very weak compared to Trump debate me I dare you.
All the people around the world witnessed the last prime time .
I think you all should not go in the locker room at halftime... just stay on the bench and the floor to continue shooting...... Just a thought...... trying something different..... I’m pulling for you all
支持郭文贵
