The BEST REACTIONS... to @KingJames' thunderous SLAM in Portland! 
bruh you still lost the game
He didn’t say he won. 
Correct. He doesn't say it very often, which is a problem. Need less fancy dunks, and more wins.
Peep the box score. He had no help
Yeah, pretty sure blaming LeBron for them losing makes less than no sense.
He's the leader of the team. Lead.
Worst argument ever lol
This guy obviously doesn't know basketball. Those are all grown men out there with different talents and play styles. It's a make or miss league. He can lead all day, but he can only play for himself.
What are you thinking as you start going to the hoop?

One of the best dunks on a nigga that the league has ever seen. Point blank.
U lebron haters don’t understand, he would have needed the entire Bosnian army to do something about that dunk. Not just stop it but call their comrade in every other country they have. I mean He the mf . I’m sure mj couldn’t do things like this at lebrons age.
Yassssssssssssss
“He made Jusuf Nurkic a screensaverrrrr!!” What a call
Crazy
Amazing and Killin’ them $
King James is the god
Waooooooo puntazoooo
That was amazing LBJ
You my inspiration here in South Africa, 

Keep on defending, the Land, with the young team, until we enter playoffs
Can’t wait
Nah fam
nice photoshop…
Ενδεκάδα του αρης στο ποδόσφαιρο

FIRST TWO TRACK OF MY NEW PROJECT VENDETTA ARE OUT
APOLLO &
TOFU
…
Why all the hate??? Bron is the best in the league! Period!!! Folks still comparing Prince to Michael J???

The g.o.a.t still got it
Now that kid knew better should of fallback now every time he goes to stop his kid there response is you couldn’t stop LeBron and all he can do is sit there looking like  that
you are the best
Once again...I'd like to thank King James and his Glorious beard for such a gasp worthy performance!
Lmao. This dude lebron really bitch made
Thanks @KingJames
You are an amazing basketball player with special God given talent! I really enjoy watching you play...you go King!!!
Your my hero

Lol if you're not into wining rings
Rings is team success and superteams didnt exist in those days of MJ.
U lebron haters don’t understand, he would have needed the entire Bosnian army to do something about that dunk. Not just stop it but call their comrade in every other country they have. I mean He the mf 
He posterized a man in these shoes...
The construction zone 6’s
best dunk of the year!!!!

6666666
coz even your teammates are your fans too which means you are so greaaaaat, beyond great!
C’mon man, you lost the game.
Go hard Bron @kingjames
A Beast! 
No, luckily you didn’t get a technical foul 
@ezdeanfassassi
Sad, lol
This hyped me up so much 
@KingJames that dunk on him was like  good job


Br3adGang Blazel - LoKey

Prod.by: @RealTaySupreme…
keeps amazing me every year, every game. Great talent
They should show that kinda enthusiasm on D
Media trained ass lol

Wish you could have done this against the Lakers... I enjoyed watching you play.
I hope u do some like that tonight because I will be in the building
Why you do that man like that King  You in yo bag 

I STILL IN SHOOK WITH THIS VIDEO OMG YOU ARE A LEGEND
SEND IT IN
You’re the greatest of All-Time, w/ any doubt about it either! 
Get Nasty!
I have to Carrie my team and score all the points but I love my teammates
Best entertainer in the world right now.
Oh, besides Trump

Hoping your team mates start giving their best too
Only you could ruin your own highlight by talking about it all day
You need do that more lebron
Beautiful !!
I’m not a LeBron fan but that man raw.!
Posterized.

Falar o quê? Sensacional!!!
And people still act like you ain’t shit.
#Epic #ThoseReactionsTho #THEGOAT
Brah that was a nasty ass throw down! One of the best !!!!!
But you lost! Dunk over a MAJOR defender instead of white dude wit a 2inch vertical
Good Morning & Happy Saturday Son @KingJames (Happy St. Patrick's Day)... giggle,  eat Green & think Green, today. Love & Hugs from your "Pensacola FL momma"
You act like this is your first time dunking. We get it already
You still lost. Sheesh.


Me
You should get hype for ur forget the refs
That was a fantastic dunk!! 
You is incredible it’s fucking amazing OMG!!!
Technicals are meaningless when the king slams!!!
#striveforgreatness#kingsneverdie#witnesses

UGH, why you do’em like that??!!!
y’all lost the game.... and you missed a wide open layup at the end. i’m sleep
Take it to my hole daddy 
You took that L though. Who cares?
Do that on @Money23Green in the finals, Game 7 with 0.02 left on the clock. Don't worry about what your teammates are doing...
I need to eat what @KingJames eats he really be flying over these players
The way the refs are this year...I’m surprised you and J.R. didn’t get ejected
The King JustPosted Somebody nasty you just be Post
@king James looking like no body"s business!!! Damnnnnn
Imagine watching this dude live 
win or lose still number 1 fan...haters just sit and watch.
Wonderfull,
I've liked you for 13 years, Mr. Le bran.
I love this, this is why we watch, you’re a baaaad man LB, fired up for real .
Peep this thread GOAT
Thread of Lebron “Yelling at his teammates/Coaches” : 
bruh you need to help out on defense / when someone gets beat you need to step up and help / this is what’s wrong
Most of you clowns make me sick.fuckin haters.if you hate a team cause it's your teams rival I can dig that but to hate a man for being successful and great at something?....childish...enjoy the man's game while he's playing..someday he won't be....enjoy greatness
Has LeBron given up? He doesn't get mad when they don't win. He talk about his stats all day. Who is this guy? I miss the old KING. 
Where’s their reaction to the L they took after that?
Grow up
I thought this was from @LeGOAT__James for a second. Dude. Come on.
That was me, fym?
Oh snap sorry LBro, my bad.
You good
Thanks LBrizzy. You're great.
We all know that 
LBrow with the eyebrow. Classic.

Those jeans, though...
You know JR and the guy in the suit, and I  my boy with the fro and light skin bruh. My teammates, my boys! LOL
We have had a full squad one time this whole season that's why we're not winning
Is there any other player that tweets their own highlights. Honest question.
Great moment, but please stop playing selfish 1 on 5 basketball, Clarkson does the same when he comes in. If we continue to do that we are doomed!
That's why you're the king 
In your face@kingJames
That's good!
How about win the game!!
My nephew plays for umbc. Can u believe that game? I am still in shock!
Kneeling to you would be more  I supposed 
Before you trade them again
Can someone please support Domestic Violence?
Maybe remember that feeling when you need to “rest” 10 nights a year. People who don’t have the $$$ bring their kid to watch you sit because 82 days of work is too much...for YEAR!!
Too bad is was traveling...
Bronbron poopy pants 
You don’t love his humbleness and humility? 
Cavs are a bit short handed these days
What’s not to like?
Yeahhhh BRONNNNNNNNN
Yeahhhhh
“But You lost tho” Okay and? Devin Booker score 70 points, they still lost by 10 and y’all rode that man nuts for half the season. It takes a TEAM to win and the stats show that his team didn’t pull their weight.
Y’all lost tho 
There is a murder ！Somebody call 911！
Wish my uncle Joe Tait called that!!! "WHAM with the right hand" #realclefansknowthis
Not better than these two @NBA and @FIBAWC
The dunk! The flex! The bench!  All classic!
Or travel because we no you like to do that

Man that slo-mo tho 
李时珍的皮
‘Twas CRAZY tho 
Nice.
But lost

Straight flexing beast

基本、選手もスタッフもコート入ったらベンチテクニカルだからねぇ、#ビーコル みたいに #Bリーグ #バスケ
You lost again. Your new pink booties aren't lucky for you.
You didn’t have to do that to him 
“lUcKilY wE dIdNT gEt A TEch” father basketball face ahh 
Y’all had lost doe
True! Shame you didn’t technically get a W for being on the court either.
Corny
Galactic GOAT of the Universe
@KingJames you still run the sky too?
All these haters want LeBron on their team now LMAO don't show love now when you been hating

Good player. But you have the personality of a god damn ANT  #loser
Stupid. This man is so into himself
At year 15 DAM
Eyes no longer at the rim....sad day
Come join @Dame_Lillard and @CJMcCollum in Portland. Perfect fit for you, great city and Nike headquarters
http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/02/theory-of-life-e69-best-quotes-by.html?spref=tw …
Act like you’ve been here before
I give you the thunderous dunk and it was fun to watch, but you’re patting yourself on the back too much. You basically took off before Nurkic came in and try to defend and he was not in front of you so he was not really “posterized.”
Took that L tho
Imagine how hype they’d be if y’all could win a game!
@CavaliersBrasil @Cavsbrasil seria uma indireta ao técnico?
Lucky you didn’t get a T?  Why- you lost. Getting a T wouldn’t have mattered. But you got your highlight out there, which was more important than the win. Congrats.
This would look even better with a Sixers uniform
Awesome!!
Yes Bron. You should make another post on Instagram to your younger self warning him of the dangers of bench induced technicals.
http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/02/theory-of-life-e68-best-quotes-by-dalai.html?spref=tw …
Luv your game Bron! Always re  ppmain humble. Don't give your enemies more ammunition by tooting your own horn. We fans will do it for u!
I was there and I Am a WITNESS!!!
You helped me to go to sleep 
 sheesh!
No matter what, he still plays OUTSTANDING!!!  You can't hate on that now can you???
Bro share and follow
This dude knows!
#oleskoolgasfacedunk!
My Big Homie LBJ
We lost tho Bron...

R
E
S
O
L
Why do some many rappers go to jail?
Great fan of yours @KingJames but rather than celebrating an individual achievement , it would  be awesome if we can start winning :P


The warriors always does these kinds of celebrations, but better. Lmao
Would of been worth it thou !
That’s why you can’t ever leave us! #CLE
Im sorry king james you have a trash for a team
But win the damn game
U definitely sold them shoes last night! I want em

