LeBron James ESPN Feature Interview back in 2004. 
Your basketball still are awesome  Keep it up!!
LeBron you are the greatest ball player of all time. I. DON'T. CARE. WHAT. NOBODY. HAS. TO. SAY. Michael Jordan is number 2 now.
Emotional intelligence hasn’t changed since HS. Got it.
I was  when you said coach how you going to do that then he say go
@TheHoopCentral  so bixe
https://www.gofundme.com/jfexfj-help-me-achieve-my-dream …
Sorry Bron 
https://youtu.be/EvLV5ursr68 

Subscribe
#mateoahki  #selena #melvelmusic #hot97  #love #photooftheday #FUN #happy #swag #art #music #2018 #nyc
Where Can I Get That Jersey??
Those teenage memories never go away.
Omg that’s awesome!!! I wanna see more throwback basketball 
King.  I met you in the lobby of the Embassy Suites in Dublin, Ohio back then. Y'all we're into for the high school finals. What a thrill. Keep bumpin
Your a punk!
I'm your number 1fan
So long ago but still you keep doing you striving for greatness big fan
Keep up the good job dear. God bless you..
#TwoSessions #全国两会 #钱旺 #钱宝 用心做事的人，为他人着想的人，永远记在人民心中！为良心企业点赞实实在在做事的钱旺集团，公益事业，一切按照党的规程一路前行，希望中央能看到 ，钱旺实实在在在为百姓做实事，符合国家方针和政策，希望还百姓一个真相，相信党，相信政府。关系到百万家庭
Because my bro so love your basketball type,always love you KingJames
#cavsnation I hope you don’t leave the squad after this season hope u don’t favorite player of all time
 #kingJames
你在干嘛慕斯胸dei
Wow
Same humble guy that continues to help the youth and set an example . That’s why your the GOAT on and off the court !!!! Bless up 

LeBron!!!   You need to go to Portland.  You are a perfect fit!!  You dame and McCollum with the supporting cast would be ridiculous.  You know.  Forget the money.  You got enough.  Nike headquarters!  Portland is awesome!   You know it’s true man.
Hi idol
詹皇
What are some tips to create a new legacy?
Along the pursuit of greatness the greatest still strives for perfection. All hail the ...
https://youtu.be/FUkL0eCIZp0 , I have a nephew name zaid that loves everything about Lebron; I’m sending you a clipping of an AAU Tournament over the weekend he is number (25).
Don't stop push and push. You are the best example any young man could have and some older ones as well could take some tip from you.
Still whining at coaches. Nothings changed.

So you condone subordinates continuously disrespecting authority?
LeBron James is equal to Bill Russell so he’s a player coach so how can anybody be his boss on the team, ty Lou is Basically just a figurehead
 Bill Russell has 10 rings... LeBron will finish with 10 finals L’s.
11*
Goat 
Lebron, please stop stressing out your coaches and teammates. First it was K-Love, now it’s Coach Lue. All of them have anxiety thanks to you. You even had D.Wade stressed & drinking wine every night. #KingStressor
15 years later the same result, and that's the reason why I respect as a young black man upcoming rising Star.

I was hoping he'd get some attention.
you are the greatest
my guy. been a fan since highschool
I saw someone wearing your high school jersey on St. Patrick's Day and it made me so happy :D #AGirlFromAkron


Artist-----drew a nice picture of Lebron James and his wife

He's trying to get this painting to you

Picture http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8233759/1/#new …

@KingJames
MR JAMES - please visit http://obamadayaugust4.com  — and call FOUNDER J FORD 586 918 3061
Young Bron! Beast
Hello Mr. James, the young‘ns in Philly could benefit from your example and mentoring.
I only want to hear how you’re coming to Philadelphia! #phillywantslebron
Bron try not complaining to refs for 1 month and watch them bow to the throne..Might suck but just try it

I need some clout! Follow me if you have a dick above 2 inches
https://soundcloud.com/user-720362142/mus-vent-lebron … 
You’re my inspiration

Still chompin off your coaches too  Bron Bron a savage
Not many people seen the greatness in you back then, but I certainly did 
That old gym brings back so many memories
You should grow up a little
Hi,King James.I'm one of your Chinese fans.And i love you so much ,wish you'll have a healthy and successful http://career.Next  god, Next world champion - King James. Wish you'll write back to me!!!
                      Written by Huang（China）
LeBron, I am a loyal fan of you and I hope to see you standing with your child on the NBA.@KingJames 
Still fussing with the coach.

Stop stressing Ty Lue out Lebron!

We Love u king 
Brother, you're old, haha, not so fierce
You got that one right King.  Little do you know how right you are--until it's too late.
哈哈
@KingJames I really want to be in the nba I train a lot I am 6,3 and play center my mane strugle is i live in uk amd i strugle to get notest do you have eny advise to give me.
At 6’3”, most high school coaches want you to play center but you really should learn to play point or shooting guard. At that height, your way undersized to play center even in college. That’s a good size guard though.
i love you james   from chinese fans

"Listen, when I come to the Lakers BBB stands for Bron Bron ball. You shoot that broke ass wind up jumper you gon wind up traded." #Donnyism 
king
so cool
 James looks good in Green & Gold. How bout Purple & Gold? #LakeShow
Omg I love you!! You are the best in the game!! My husband and family get tired up me talking about how great a player you are! You give it 110% in every game!!! You  are a beast and you make basketball so exciting to watch. You are one of a kind!!!  The best!!!!
Remember you got national tv airtime your senior year. People were tripping off the Hummer moms had bought you.

I’d have dunked on that LBJ 
https://soundcloud.com/anthonybaconmusic/pov-make-a-movie-via-the …
The same yesterday today and tomorrow
king

I have a product to bring your hear back. I have proof to what it did to my hair
Big fan your the best iv seen all the greats just stay humble and about your fam....great things are around the corner..
King James I just wanna know can u come to Jackson MS
Good Game, Stay Calm
#Greatness
I love you

Yo Mr Lebron
Hey lebron James I am huge fan
Jordan Clarkson can one day be as good as Damian Lillard

"Takes teamwork to make the dream work!" -LeBron 
This was 
@HoserMess
“When high school basketball highlights weren’t just throwing up 3’s”
Haha nice  just moving and grooving huh 
I’d def drive and kick it to ya for sure 
It’s all good. I’ll spoon feed ya in your sweet spot. That’s what a good PG does 

Strive for greatness
LeBron, come to Brooklyn, and you will be King of New York. Oh, can I mention that New York is great for movies, especially for a great director like yourself! BTW, biggest shoe market in the world!
5th best player in the league.  Has good stats cuz the rest of the team stinks. Cavs won’t get out of the second round. Lebron falls off a cliff next season.
Are you referring to Curry as 5th best player in the league? Lebron is by far the best player in the league. This “cliff” idea is absurd. Lebron will still be the best player in basketball this time next year.
No. I go Durant, Curry, Davis, Westbrook, Lebron. Lebron’s days are numbered. Probably likely will never reach another finals.
That’s just absurd. Lebron averages 27-8-9. Name another basketball player with those numbers. Combined with his efficiency and playing every game, he’s still the leagues best player and Lebron making the Finals this year unless he breaks both legs
If you’re looking at just everyone’s averages then you could say Westbrook has the best stats. But stats depends on the team you’re on. You can put up crazy stats on a shit team like Lebron is doing. I watch a lot of b-ball and judge off what I see.
Russell isn’t as efficient as Lebron and Lebron is a better scorer. Lebron is the best player in the world by far.
Westbrook has led the league in scoring more times than Lebron.
He led the league in scoring while being inefficient. Lebron is more consistent scorer. Westbrook can be a beast one night then go 3-14 the next night

Boy you been yellin at ya coach since high school 
Wow what a story man, im 14 going freshman next yeah, I look up to you!!
@Rampage405 look at your favorite player
Haven’t heard this much truth in a while! Same mindset as a teenager.... lol
LBJ is a once in a lifetime player. I watched Chicago 23 and now Cleveland 23. LeBron greatest all around player of all-time.
Lyndon B Johnson
Definitely before the roids kicked in
Hahahaajajajajajsjssjsjjssjsjsjssjjw get out of here goddamn hahajjjjjsjssjsjsajajakakks and the cameraman ran
He talkin to the coach just like he talk to Ty Lou
I know that's right

16 years and counting still in the plastic  @KingJames #330
This is maaad
My family is such huge fans, parents are season ticket holders!
Went to see you way back when and still have the roster and tix! 
Another coach bites the dust eh Lebron? King coach killer should be your new nickname...
What was up with that warm up gear though
04?really. You were already a monster in the league and just then a feature? Im thinking hoop central meant 03
The guys on par with @MichaelJordaan
#respect !!!!!
Lebron dang it I was struck by a car Tuesday my leg foot hurt
I don't think you can get any greater in the eyes of my grandson. Keep inspiring.
Awwww. Still trying to stroke your fragile ego?
@kingpierce10 beast
He sucked in highschool bro obvi you’ve never watched lamelo play
Dude weren’t u already in the league in 2004
LeBron been telling coaches what’s up since childhood
Mr. James!   Can we please have a conversation regarding your shoes? I know you're extremely busy but......................................
Been on coach’s ass since high school
Come to philly!!
Go Dad

I still enjoy watching More Than a Game every few years

Stockz "Playa Like Me" 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgo4qulO6HU …  
This guy always talking about himself. Congratulating himself or some shit that involves himself
@ShawnKleinveld
congrats on the new coaching position!
I must be Lebron James if he's Jordan
No, I won rings with my performance
I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist
Same coach, same game, been starting
Same Triangle Offense—-
That @LilTunechi verse was sick.
Superhuman 
Goat 
To be this blessed...man! You can't tell me God doesn't exist.
Kobe better
Hey ‘Bron. You might have set yourself up LOL #ThatArgumentAtTheEndDoe 
The young king 
Best team player ever, period!
@Payton__Conner @Gordons_Goodies
#StriveForGreatness 
Huhhjhjjkhff
This is my mindset for 12th grade year
I love watching u playing balls all day. Good luck in the future to come.
You were lil once? Huh who knew. 
LEBRON TO ROCKETS CONFIRMED 
LeBron quoted u guys ur super official in my book 
#sheesh
Same Chale ... Udey kai the game we play for legon?
Man awesome to see him young before he became the GOAT just in high school so much potential considering a lot of people fold when that many eyes are on them
Pre-game tweet while taking a pre-game dookie. #MultiTasking
Sports writers everywhere like...  @KingJames sends cryptic tweet featuring  emoji.. Plans to sign with @HoustonRockets next season. Hahaha! @ESPNNBA @espn @NBA @NBAonTNT
Had to ppv to see a high school player thats bron
@Bhustlaaa
you’re posting your own highlights on IG my man, I think they nailed the “too full of himself” part.
Still going at coach dru at the end tho 
@TheHoopCentral You need a real option #2 like Kobe, Durant, Duncan, Leonard, or Curry. Love is the weak link.
STILL DOIN KING 

Ok bron that’s why you are where you are today. When you coming back to Pasadena ?
Wait, are you Irish???????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XGu8VoIQbg&sns=tw … LeBron James more than a basketball player
You the man for giving us love @TheHoopCentral #StriveForGreatness
https://www.instagram.com/jersey_tha_rapper/ …
Dear Leborn, you're a con artist, you have this generation fool to believing you're this humble bb player. But you're secretly have become "king" of a clubhouse of all your friends aka fake rivals & you convince them it's them vs Warriors to give you clear path in East to finals
Lmao 
I loveeee the documentary on Netflix !!!! Go watch it ! It’s called “more than a game”!
Been yelling at the coaches lol
Nigga said crackheads 
Starting soon at http://facebook.com/senatorsanders  : the Inequality in America National Town Hall

