Hey I have a story that goes well with this dialogue
Yes Sir! Please use your platform, another one killed in Georgia Rockdale County Jail!
#ListenThenFormYourOpionion!!!
How did u get there? How did Morgan Freeman? How bout countless doctors, bankers, lawyers ect...hard work ! Stop making excuses to do nothing but whine
Pointing out racism and working hard are not mutually exclusive. Are you suggesting that those who are discriminated against should accept that the game is rigged and therefore their diminished opportunities?
If one person can do it, so can another. If thousands of ithers have made it, so can thousands of others. Stop playing victim. Find an alternative path. We all have struggles. Hustle.
This is racism 101 stuff. If a society makes it harder for a group to succeed , then those discriminatory institutions should be repaired. If my name alone makes it three times less likely that my resume leads to an interview, that’s a problem.
The idea that those calling attention to racism are not also working hard to be successful despite it, is complete bullshit. Those who make this assertion are likely avoiding accountability for privilege.
I'll analyze 10 random people and their progress. Guarantee every one of them is waiting for their handout ornjust sitting around waiting for change. People of all race are inherently lazy. And when a parent tells them how oppressed they are, they will believe it. And not hustle.
If that is true, then shouldn’t everyone’s laziness be equally penalized or ignored?
It is and they are. But not everyone whines about it. Either happy with their handout, or too stupid to understand, ir just waiting for someone else to fix their situation.

Thank you.

Not just our young ones. Since January 1 2018 my plates have been read 8 times in the suburb I work in. Latest was Tuesday night
Ridiculous
The truth?
That that is happening to you.
No. I stick up for you all the time but you’re wrong on this one. The truth cannot be spoken. White ppl are not allowed to speak publically...not if we want to keep our jobs. So millionaire black ppl will continue blaming poor whites for everything & never take responsibility.
Be an advocate - don’t divide!!
You really gotta see this #BlackFathers viral video bro! Ohio dude too https://twitter.com/mekkadonmusic/status/969192290341326849 … by @MekkaDonMusic
I more then ever started to realize my mortality when my son was born. That feeling scared me into memorializing the things that I’d want to teach him in case my time on this Earth ends early. Feel free to share.…
I will be so happy when you and tom Brady retire you changed the nba and not for the better NBA NFL sports etc should be fair and competitive where everybody has a fair and equal chance to win the championships what you Kevin Durant and people like that makes that to hard
Lol
Thank you for using your platform.
#Caculated #Great Work#4:44
Our black men go through hell!!! This is so true Sad but true!
Already listen to it
People will take you more seriously if you STOP carrying the water for the DNC.
Tired of excuses for failure
Did you listen to the podcast or read the study?
Is there a transcription anywhere? It’s really hard for me to listen to podcasts.
Here’s a summary of the study:
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/19/upshot/race-class-white-and-black-men.html …

Here’s the study:
http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/assets/documents/race_paper.pdf …
Thank you!

I really hope you run for public office when you hang up the Nikes, LeBron! We need more leaders like you!
Totally agree with that Stacy
We go live to Laura Ingraham for a response:
Lol!
Thanks for sharing this @KingJames this was deep
Thanks for taking this king! You are he man.
Nobody is saying it is "just about class"
That’s why you need to stay at home!

Better than your game is the wisdom you can impart on the children that look up to you. Please be louder in this aspect. Many need your voice.

When I read and heard this 
All I could do was say "well damn we all knew that" smh .
I listen to the @nytimes “The Daily” M-F like clockwork. Today is a must listen  to for all Americans. Thank you @KingJames for the man you are. Your a pretty good bball player as well 
Listening 
@CurtisScoon thoughts? This connected to Jay in some way?
Thank you Sir James, America needs you now more than ever!!!
I thought sex and race didn’t matter?
Uh, I only just saw this, @RadioIke
Thanks. Really appreciate the link.
Thanks for sharing @KingJames

I respectfully disagree with these conclusions drawn by Mr. James & others who see this as racism. Racism & discrimination may be at the root of all this disagreement but evil started this madness even sooner. There are factually millions more poor white Americans then poor black
The lives and incarceration of young black man is captured in Empire on Blood. It's heartbreaking - 7 year investigation of one wrongful conviction. https://apple.co/2FvUeTv  Lebron, check it out. #1 on iTunes right now @teamlebron
For those of you who are, as I am, allergic to itunes...
~
Your credibility lowered for me when hands up don’t shoot turned out to be false.  Very interesting study though.
Race is always at the forefront of poverty, especially as it pertains to employment opportunities.
Thank-you.
The worst part is that SOME of our black women act like it’s easy for us. I know it’s hard for the black woman but y’all need to recognize what we deal with too.
Thanks.
Hey Lebron, instead of throwing pity parties and rolling out the red carpet of victimhood for a whole new generation of young black men, how about giving them a kick in the ass and telling them to work hard and be great fathers like u are? That's the only way out, not more gov't.
Hw belive u?
Sorry -- which episode specifically? That link goes to the whole list of episodes. And if you respond to this I will completely freak out.
Never mind, found it! (unless you want to respond anyway). It's the March 23rd episode.
I was floored to hear that it was significantly more common for the children of WEALTHY black men to end up back in poverty than their white counterparts.  There is / can be only one explanation for that - and it doesn’t speak well to where we are as a country.
@sleepyeepee
13k likes out of 41 million followers. Shows you how many people prefer to watch someone’s snap story rather than listen to a podcast. You can show people the door. Tell them whats behind it. In the end, they have to walk through it themselves.
jammy
I think there’s a legitimate case to be made that LeBron should win MVP every year, but what’s more remarkable to me is the man he’s become. One of the best players of all time encouraging people to listen to a podcast analyzing a study on racism & economic mobility. Phenomenal.
Thank you for this but Mr. Fuller and others have been saying this for years.
“Charlottesville’s Root Cause” @amikegreen2
...
Absolutely agree with you at this point. Thx for the post
Thanks

Yeah alot
Keep dribbling and NEVER SHUT UP.
But this Kool-Aid hurts my stomach.
Thank you for posting. I’m sorry this post is so necessary.
Lebron james one of the greatest of all time i cant wait to see u in the finals again
Classic RACE tweet by LBJ.
Please listen when you can. Makes me mad/sad that those who do listen mostly know the New Jim Crow reality and those who most need to hear it aren't receptive
What about the poor white kids that grew up in the hood?  I was one.  I went thru getting pulled over daily and my car ransacked.  I had no father and my mother worked 16 hours a day.  Had to walk our laundry to the laundry mat.  Watched prostitutes work everyday.
But you still alive sweetheart to talk about it! Many of the black brothers I grew up are no longer around to reply to a tweet like this! I am truly BLESSEED and FAVORED ... pray for us because I’m praying for you
I grew far worse off than many friends in Chicagos Southside. Most of them didn't make it. But most of us did. Some stayed lazy, got into gangs, crime, etc. I mowed lawns and delivered papers since I was 10 years old. Got robbed and jumped on the regular. You find a way.
@KingJames heartbreaking
KING
Bron, you gotta listen to this new Weeknd LP fam.
Facts
“The New Jim Crow” is a fantastic read for those who want to learn more
Don’t get me wrong I do believe inequality still exists, but class is still disproportionate. They take a wealthy white and black family. There are 28 to 1 wealthy whites to black families, skewed statistics
Not once do they take in account that the black population is only 13%, 1 black man failing is a far greater probability when the white population is 61.8%
http://blogtalkradio.com/americanmuslim … Listen to the interview I participated in on BlogTalk Radio #TalkUnchained Thank you Marlon Aldridge for featuring me on such a relevant and needed discussion @SavingOur_Sons
Play with a champions heart! I see u with the championship CUP!!
Keep calm & enjoy basketball!! It's hard but u set the mood!Aggressive aggressive aggressive.Steve A said u r going to th finals!play like a champion till June!U got it!
True king
@samdolnick Gun to the head: High praise from LeBron promoting your content, or a Pulitzer?
LeBron Same.
Thanks for the link.  Worthwhile listen
Thank you for being a great example for the young black youth.
https://www.gofundme.com/new-home-to-help-with-my-diabetes … EMBARRASSING AS IT IS IM DOING WHAT I HAVE TO DO AS A DAD AND A HUSBAND
Thanks Bron 
Thank you LeBron.
Hey LeBron, thanks for sharing. I’m a mother of a black son now grown. He is a professional yet I find I worry about things alien to white mothers. And the year is 2018. Sad.
It's pretty funny seeing you flippantly dismiss class struggle as a factor in inequality when you make billions of dollars off of child labor.
This is an excellent podcast! The data is tragic, but one of the data points explains his personal situation which is intriguing.
Have you seen this?  It's shocking.
This is an absolutely INSANE sentence. 
INSANE 
http://www.star-telegram.com/news/local/community/fort-worth/article207176829.html …
Will do.  Thank you.
Brilliant episode
Cc: @mikiebarb
True. It has a lot to do with culture. Everything does
Any thoughts on this @IngrahamAngle?
The Parkland youn student survivors are taking a knee for everyone---
feeling hopeful--
Once again I would like to point out that Hispanics/Latinos, Muslims, Eastern Europeans are facing exactly the same challenges. Unfortunately the media does not pay as much attention.  This is a white vs non-white issue that should be addressed as such.
Yet you don't hear them whining and moaning. They get shit done. Work hard.
My dad has been teaching me this stuff since I was born. sadly I’m unable to really express my beliefs and true feelings because of my brand. But when does it come a time when I should begin speak out against my oppressor ? It might cost me a lot of money. But is money the goal?
Your dad was only teaching you how to play victim. That's unfortunate.
Hey lebron
The difference between black boys and black girls was most striking. We are failing our boys. They need better. And more of what works.
Mind blowing and just amazing!
The police approach citizens, especially black males, as enemy threats as if at war instead of our protectors.  A man is suspected of breaking windows and is gunned down in less than 2 minutes as if we are in Iraq.  Good men would quit after such an horrendous "mistake".
Not police--society. Police get dispatched to more calls of men of color--we are all afraid of black men and it's disgusting
I couldn't find the media on that page... anybody have it handy for a dummie?
I can never truly know what black men go through, not even after working at a Salvation Army Boys Club for years.  I can have empathy, understanding & a willingness to be available.
All the downtown LA stuff near the Staples Center is brand new and they’re still adding to it. All those previous Lakers teams didn’t have any of this. The outside the Staples Center now is it’s own attraction to the main one. You 
Thanks Lebron I’ll check it out. Hey dude everywhere in LA they got your name like bling in the sky. Dude all you need to see is the @Nike building outside the Staples Center about to be finished. The video screens will play your highlights the outside will be packed too 
It’s about class!!!
I so appreciate LeBron speaking out on issues important to our country!
Thanks 
This was a very shocking revelation.
good listen! Something to think about as I’m raising these boys. 
Jordan still number 1 on the influential list. You still won’t beat him at that lol. But good stuff!!
Black women go through shit too. Black men are not nice to black women. I guess I really can care less what black men go through.
LeBron, Thank You! How can you and other athletic and those blessed in other mediums of success in African Americans society pool your resources tgether to HELP at ground zero for the preservation of black society with dignity?! Thank you!
@ezdeanfassassi
have to disagres Bron. Money gjves you special consideration. A black man OJ who pretty much confessed on national tv got away with a double murder because he had the money and connections to get better lawyers then prosecutors who are paid on set civil service pay scale
Did you read the study or listen to the podcast? 

Here’s a link to the full study:
http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/assets/documents/race_paper.pdf …
It’s about the large percentage of young black males that grow up in a household without a father. A big part of the solution is for women to quit having children in a household where no father is present. Never talked about
It’s literally talked about in the study...
Yes, thank you and this is something tangible, more AA men occupying roles that younger AA men can see. Huge opportunity in education/schools to make this happen
It's clearly about both. One has been indelibly tied to the other. Racism is insidious and generational as is poverty. Oppression isn't just about who's called a slur, its about who has a generational and institutional support network and who doesn't.
It has more to do with what happens when you need help than what happens when you're successful. Who or what is available to you both externally and internally as a resource to support you when you're financially vulnerable, like when you go off to college.
Poor people in general have this against them. Minorities, particularly, black males, have 2 or 3 more knocks against them, contributing to their higher liklihood of reentering the cycle of poverty even if their immediate family has made a brief exit.
But young white (or any other ethnicity) men never have any problems in life.
Charlotte fans giving LBJ a standing ovation last night while chanting MVP was cool to see. Recognize what we in Cleveland have been blessed to see, the GOAT.
he's a great player and a needed voice a strong, vibrant, relevant voice in our country but not the #GOAT respect to lebron...a faultless player but with all due respect #GOAT is #33 #KAJ another relevant, vibrant voice, prolific writer
 #respect
Just great!

Thank you for your voice, our voices are strong and we are going to march but your help and our other Black stars voices are key to us actually being heard thank you for always using your platdorm to help, cause they are out here killing us. #StephonClark #fireingraham
Lebron James POWERFUL dunk

Videos http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8229791/1/ …
@KevinQ you did it
So much more...thanks for using your celebrity for this.
The Daily podcasts are all excellent!  insightful presentation into topics we should all learn more about.
You are too awesome
Listened to this earlier this week and so encouraged to see it getting broader attention!
What the fuck
PLz AlsoSee: Broken Dreams and Financial Illusions: The Secret Depression of #BlackMen https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/broken-dreams-and-financial-illusions-the-secret-depression_us_5925e674e4b0aa7207986a5c?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … AlsoSee: "New Research Proves That All Things Being Equal, Nothing Is Equal for Black Boys"  http://www.theroot.com/new-research-proves-that-all-things-being-equal-nothing-1823892660?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=The_Root_twitter … via @TheRoot
Maybe it's not just socioeconomic status at work, but culture! That doesn't imply someone is being racist. There's a reason Asians are more successful than whites and blacks... they're hardworking culture that puts emphasis on higher education. Maybe the problem is black culture.
If you like that episode, you'll also enjoy this episode of @today_explained
@KingJames, you're even quoted in it!
@KingJames if you ever want to be on the show, please consider this an open invitation!
This was good!
Shiit. Y’all should invite my ass to your show. Fly me down there and we can work something out. I’ll make that shit LIT
Not listening to anything by @newyorktimes
Read the study here:
http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/assets/documents/race_paper.pdf …
agreed! you should listen daily. best way to start the day with this podcast.
@KingJames WAKE EM UP!
Read the study before you continue to expose yourself:
http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/assets/documents/race_paper.pdf …
Thank lebron very informative and very sad as well. This makes me think of Malcom adage of self reliant.
You should try @NPRCodeSwitch too
He listens to The Daily, too! @JalbyMD
Marxist divide and conquer stratagems, seek unity among all people, don’t be an unwitting tool for those looking to destroy the US.
.
Bron shouting out the Daily @kylehowlett23
I know, the show has officially arrived!
LeBron my hero....The CREATOR have shown you favor... You are so amazing... Many blessings to you and the family... The Obama of basketball... I pray for you every day... It's not easy being humble.... @KingJames
Trump is the goat
Thank you @KingJames for using your platform to bring awareness to all who follow u and appreciate all u do on and off the court brother
#
He's nothing more than the fourth Dixie chick. Republicans and Dems fans cheered for him. Bought tickets. He let half them down because he don't need em anymore. Sell out clown
REEEEE data doesn't agree with my narratives so I call it retarded REEEEEEEEE
Yeah - its not about just class - it also has to do with work ethic, education, drive, ambition, and luck.   

But evil whitey is keeping everybody but Asians, Jews, Nigerians, Sikhs, Indians, Koreans, and Chinese down.  For some reason these people all do better than whites.
@mikiebarb Whoa.  This is called big time respect.  This was an incredibly powerful story.  On a side note, The Daily is by far my favorite podcast, it is incredible that there are 5 of these every week.
Love lots my LeBron James.... 
Thanks @KingJames for sharing my story, a story that is familiar to so many black boys. I know you, me and many others will keep working until all of our boys & girls have the opportunities they deserve.
Like condemning single parent households and promoting strong families or just blaming whitey.
Who bothers with the failing proven fake NYT?
We need to quit blaming everybody else for our problems and if men would start taking responsibility for the kids they make and get back to family values we are the ones that are at blame for what's happening with the kids these days not everybody else let's get off our ass.
You should listen to the podcast or read the study before your comments continue to expose yourself
The 19th child out of 21 children is the 1st child to graduate from college. Click link
Please quit shooting long jumpers and Go to the GD hole
The hard stats are heartbreaking and sadly unsurprising for my friends of color.
Thanks for sharing. God bless
When you realize LeBron listens to your favorite podcast too!
I’m glad that you ignored whatever her name was and used your platform to spread credible, important information. Thanks for sharing, be well.

What specific episode
Friday, March 23.
I am form Taiwan，I am your fan, You see you can respond to me.
Thanks for sharing, @KingJames . It’s so important for this discussion to be shared and heard. This is not just a “class issue”! 
cc: @willjawando @MicheleJawando
What is your opinion on reparations?
Not really
Did you listen to the podcast or read the study?
No i don’t need to read or listen to biased sources to know that black people don’t have less rights then whites. Just facts.
The study has nothing to do with rights lol and it’s run on data using regression analysis which eliminates biases. But ok keep telling yourself you don’t need to continually educate yourself.
I can’t imagine @KingJames . It’s worse than a stacked deck and puts a lot of things in perspective. Everyone should listen!
Excellent listen @KingJames. You should tweet this article too:
Link to the study itself: http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/ 
If it was ur sentiment alone I would listen but from the new York Times, I pass.
If you're interested in learning about it, but not from NYT, here's the study: http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/assets/documents/race_paper.pdf …
Read it,thnx,quite a pager turner.
@Nick_White13 and the man preaches for the people  he’s always been the king 
@KingJames you’re a great American
that's the problem its all about blacks everybody young old black white have problems and i really love every thing u do GOD BLESS U
So much RESPECT King 
It has always been about race  KING

Can i borrow 20 dollars?  Thanks

Lebron, listen to cum town
I listen to this podcast every day. @mikiebarb is such an admirable journalist and host. This one was definitely one of those episodes that really helped me to more understand how others live life, and if was hard to hear, but so informative and educational.
Can you share exactly which epi it was? The one from last Friday?
Kim, yes! Friday March 23rd episode.
Thx. It was a good one.
We love how you’re willing and able to dive into the intersectionality of issues that plague our society. It’s so much bigger than basketball as we’re glad you continue to show that to others. #StriveForGreatness #LLTK
Shut up and dribble old man
I know some weeb nerd didn’t just make fun of us bills fans with a cartoon avi @bocajllessur
