(1994) Will Smith gets emotional when talking about his father. Powerful. 

Whats wrong with gambling? Its legal
Nothings wrong with it except that it got his dad killed
Damn I was unaware Jordan has a gambling problem or that his dad was murdered cause of it.
HIS FATHER WAS NOT MURDERED BECAUSE OF IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You Are so WeLcome ummh Huron .. Let me know when itsz warm Up..@aLbertaaLbertxy @LinkstarALberta ApriL 12th 2018 Thursday 6:25 P.M.
You broke that cycle tho G 
You tweet this the day I finally had the opportunity to tell what I had to say to my useless dad For ever and always #MommaThankYou 
Dear King I  feel for ya. My nephew and his mom live with me. He just turned 17 yrs old on April 1. He has,seen his father maybe 6 times in his life. He is a smart kid, does ok in 11th grade, wants to be an engineer. With all the men in my family no-one ever has time. I a woman.


Kobe got swept by the same team
Now you made me shed a tear reading this 
hi king
Who tf are you a fan of
didn’t know it was illegal to admire people from two different teams 
Not illegal but lame af
What? Being a fan of lebron but being a fan of another team is lame?
How could you be so sure he’s a fan of gsw or the Cavs
I'm an NBA fan
Facts i love the nba as well,  but the lakers is the squad,If you ask me right now who im taking to take the last shot in a game between Tyler Ennis and 
LeBron,im gonna tell you Tyler Ennis ,cuz that my dog i dont jump on bandwagons cuz someone is hot,unless its my fav team
Truth i grew the same way #momaismomanddad
& your kids will never have that feeling 
I’ve never seen this before. Wow. Made me cry a bucketload.

3-5
Stop stalking my tweets bot
U know it’s true tho 
Stop plz
He is
Damn, I was blessed to have my dad at home, but I feel you Bron. Uncle Phil would be proud of you though...you’re a great dad & a great example to plenty of young people around the world, including me.
Respect 
Fun fact: The hug that Uncle Phil gives Will was completely unscripted. Uncle Phil was so moved by his performance that he just needed to hug him, as it was the right thing to do.
The whole set was in tears during/after that scene. Very moving, Will brought his acting to another level in that scene.

Yeah that’s not true
Read the bottom after the quote

I mean if you read the whole thing it kinda tells you
TO HELL WITH HIM... FEEL THIS SHIT ON A DAILY BASIS 
Same. Fuck em.
SALUTE MY BROTHA
Man....I’ve only seen my father 3 times my whole life...this one really hit home for me....that’s why I want to do everything on my power to help these young men out here to keep on the straight path even though the road is bumpy...
I remember all the drama about this scene and whether or not Will could pull it off and boy did he pull it off!! Thanks for making me cry Labron!
Same 
This is an emotional episode for sure and one my wife relates to tremendously, her dad was never there for her and she use to think it was her fault, until I SHOWED her how beautiful she is. 
Will Smith the genius!
Fosho....this is the moment Will Smith became Will Smith
Damn right
Have you heard this yet? "U AINT GON STOP ME Ft Sharp" by yours truly  -

My favorite episode of all time
Father's and Son's...Mother's and Daughter's. Each relationship has its highs and lows. One thing is for sure. Daughters will eventually become mother's and Sons will eventually become Father's.  The question will always be. What kind of parent will you be?
#MommaThankYou 
How fat
Reminds of of my dad who walked out on us when I was only 4.

Thank God for strong Black Women!!
If your dad was around maybe you wouldn’t be 3-5 in the finals
the media gonna rip him for this tomorrow Smh
Awww man, felt the same way too sometimes, as a child growing up.
Same
I FEEL YA BROTHER!
Man... just a kid from Spring Hill #330
Lebron you the goat. You’ve been my fave since I first seen the nba. I was probably 4 and you still my fave at 11
I totally feel the same, this episode hits me everytime I see it 
I had a wonderful father and this even brings me to tears so I can’t imagine
U ain't da only one bron bron
@timelessclips bro u r the gayest player like wtf is wrong with u dude like holy who cries to a episode of fresh prince of
@Rusjacksbrook wwe diva
Wow! I’ve never seen this.I’m a single Mom that supports my son on and off the court. (He was in the Chicago Sun-Times yesterday... proud basketball Mom) This brought more than a tear! THANK YOU for sharing!  This video  probably expresses the pain my son won’t express. 
I shed a tear or 2 every single time this episode comes on! Can’t help it. I’ve had that same feeling my whole life. #MommaThankYou TYPE BEAT
Professor Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, his family confirmed. TYPE BEAT 
Type beat
bro wht
powerful!
The man that you have become in spite of it all, speaks volumes about your character. continue to be a light and  impact that you have on the lives of millions who are fatherless
The same thing happens with me when i@watch that clip as well...& we both are better fathers our fathers ever were.
Not me.. Fck Em!!! And thanks for showing me how to be a real father to my 3 kids.
Powerful!!
Shed a tear reading your message. Just know your life, your story your example @KingJames is not only inspiring but helping some other kid overcome those same feelings. You may NEVER hear abt it or meet that child but I know u sharing this mesg hit home & helped!  
You have so much love from others around you as well as your beautiful family. Your mum has done such an amazing job with you. So many of us are so proud of the man you are! Be proud of yourself as a person and as an athlete! 
You sure have been crying a lot here lately. Get to a low T center @tennesseemensc1
Damn you sure did own that billion dollar athlete, Mack
Yes I knew you would chime in 
He’s in his feelings as am I

Great reminder to love and provide for your kids. Thanks LeBron.
Damn @KingJames now I’m out here at my desk feeling this shit. Spent my whole life asking why didn’t he wanna be my dad? 35 years old and this shit got me crying like a baby. My Son ain’t ever gonna feel this on my life!
#FACTS
Tear jerker.  A beautiful scene that sums up the underlying issue of so many problems in this country. Kids need love....from both mom and dad. 
One of the most emotional scenes in TV history
This makes me cry every time. Unless you know what it's like to be walked away from, it's hard to grasp the power of Will's words
Beautiful Lebron! Go viral with it
Yo Consequences Pt.1 EP OUT RIGHT NOW #music #SoundCloud

Me too Lbj touches the heart every time Wendy through it myself# good dads stick around #stay strong
Yea this was a deep ass episode.


King James, you could have been a broken little man, but instead you’re a giant with a big old heart of Gold #keeplovingyourfamily
And this was an improve as well. Hats how you know it’s real
Bron you bout to he the Fresh King of LA when you sign
Jesus loves you (John 3:16, Romans 3:23, 3:10, 5:12, 6:23, 5:8-9, 10:9-10, 10:13, 10:17).
Thanks for sharing bro

I’m in the same boat, cuz life can’t erase the scars of the past. We just keep on with the dreams we have.
Took me 40 years to forgive mine...Which is why I go the extra mile to try and be the best Father to my child. For the Dads who missed the class, it's definitely your LOSS!
Bravo!
I was too busy thinkin how this yute 14  and as tall as uncle Phil
He weren't 14 was he
Watch the video
Moms are the foundation....

Me too! But as I grew I learned I was better off without him and it motivates me to be the best husband and father a kid could have.
I’m 46 years old and I can definitely relate to this, I remember going to court, getting blood drawn, because he said I wasn’t his....he’s dead now and I didn’t feel anything when I was told that he passed.... he’s always felt like a stranger off the street!
Sometimes having almost anything isn’t enough when what you want most comes free. I’m sorry you have those feelings.
We all do
You always gonna thank your mom when nobody was there she is
Always tear up watching this one
Thank you for breaking the cycle and sticking around to be a father to your children! #therealproblems
Wow... I have never seen this... made me cry... my son didn't have his dad in his life... I know the pain he felt... he is a wonderful compassionate young man on his own now... thankful 
One of the best TV moments right there.

I know exactly what you mean. Last time I saw my father I was all of 6 or 7 years old. I'm about to turn 43 years old in less then 2 weeks. It's their loss. #MommaThankYou 
I have a nephew whose father has never met him or seen him and has no desire to. I fear this day will come and I pray that my family has the strength to handle it correctly.
But...thank's God...there's always an uncle PHILL
My son posts it every so often. Breaks my heart every time.
You deserved a father worthy of you. He was not the one and maybe he knew that.  
Be healed. 
#mamma #Oooo
thank you bron 
True. "How come he don't want me man"
Every time @KingJames, every time! 
I never ask those questions, i wonder what it would be Only IF!!
Uncle Phil was the MAN
The King you are a good man
I remember this episode-Some of Will’s best work 
As a Celtics fan... +100 respect points sir.
You and me both, King. You and me both.
Uncle Phil was a good man.
Awesome episode. RIP @jamesavery
Too many, too many black men that hoes through this cycle of abandonment. It needs to stop now!
#facts
@KingJames May be the most conscious athlete/star of all time. Dude just gets it.
every single time
Same 
I had/have my dad in my life  but that scene always makes me cry.
Yes indeed! This scene was so powerful and relatable! Will Smith jammed this scene! #MommaThankYou #IWillAlwaysLoveMyMomma
I love that show as a kid!
Every single time i see this scene I am gutted!
Ok its not just me Im going on 40 & I still have to look away  My son's gave me strength last time we watched it Dad u ok Couldn't b better
I concur, definitely a classic moving scene. Great acting
I grew up without my oldman so this always hits home for me.
Is this how you reacted when @KyrieIrving left?
You’ve become a lot like uncle Phil.... we need more uncle Phils
Best tweet of the day @KingJames gd bless you for sharing
Only actors....
 Nothing to see there
So I’m here chilling at work and @KingJames got me crying
So understandable.  Those feelings are real.  How you have lived your life, the choices you have made and the husband and father you are to your wife and children is proof that you have not allowed those early circumstances to define you.
...N yes, thank moms.  Its difficult being 2 roles of a household (the disciplinary and the nurture).  But God; the foundation of a good family.  Plant a spiritual seed in your children.  They WILL need it 1 day.
Same feeling 
Same 
Wonder what it must be like to be the father of KING James knowing you missed out on all his greatness.
Its great you're a father figure for your kids
If you really want to cry over something cry over how many black children grow up without fathers.
Final sec of video goes to the Triangle Orb on the table. That’s how the girl on “Out of This World” talked to her alien father...
on god.
Heaven is under yr mama's feet!! Could be a blessing in disguise u never know! Believe what yr mum tells u bout him!his loss!
Classic show there
Fatherlessness is a disease that has scarred so many young boys, but God always sends someone to fill that gap, but it is a wound that never heals. You get a chance to be the Dad you wanted with your kids. #FatherlessnessIsReal

Should she a tear everytime you flop!
This easily helps me understand how times were different. I never saw this scene until after a decade it was out and I still can’t move myself to shed a tear to this scene, but others say they have. 

I know the feeling though, when Haku died in Naruto I cried 
Always be thankful for the people who support you. #youthsports
Is it just me or at about the 55 second mark can you hear a what sounds like a woman crying in the background? I don’t blame her I cry every time I see it. If you grew up without a dad in your life I don’t know how you can’t.
Real shit !! That's why u the baby goat behind mj much love bron
Same same
Me too man, Ive seen this a million times but it hits home EVERYTIME. 
Happens to many of us but perhaps that commonplace will bring ppl together and perhaps that is the pain we both had that we could see in another early on, it goes unspoken. But stay Blessy as always my friend
would you blame her if she was the reason you don’t got one ???????????
Except will smith had a great relationship with his actual dad.... and will was raised by his aunt and uncle in this show... but i hear you #raisedbyasinglemom #shedonegood
Lebrons Dad actually is a janitor at this school 5 min away from me. I’ve never personally talked to him but there’s been rumors of him my whole life. Hes a low life
Lebron look where you are compared to him. You never needed him. Bless you my friend and for being a great father!
I cry every time I watch this too g, it’s hard not to when you lived the same way. Wondering, asking, why someone that is supposed to love and care for you just bailed over and over. I still have so many questions.
Amen 
One of the best episodes ever. Such a great show.
There is nothing stronger than a single mom! #MommaThankYou 
Hey LeBron @Potus was on Fresh Prince- were you? #MAGA
He knew his father in real life. There’s a rumor about him getting emotional on set. Which is false.
Nothing stronger than a mother’s love @ChrisPaul @KDTrey5 @KevinHart4real @DonCheadle
Oh no is this the episode where it wasn’t acting and it was real tears 
A tear or two? I turn into a blubbering fool when that scene comes on.
I cry every time as well... every time I hear the shows theme song it’s corny LOL
I feel you it gets me all the time too, I don't have a father he pass when I was 3
It’s a shame that some men can’t be fathers. But, with great mom’s and positive male role models, their sons can break that cycle. I have seen it as a teacher. Some of my students have turned out to be amazing adults and parents!
I hope we learn as men what this does to our children
I hear you. I feel you. I appreciate you! 
Delonte West is just a phone call away though 
When Uncle Phil hugs him. THAT is being a father. Not giving up your sperm. Great, touching moment.
I get the same tear in my eye everytime I see this shit
Rip uncle Phil

pussy
Pretty much. My dad was like this to me, but I forgave him moved on and there for my daughter since day one. I wouldn't trade the experience for nothing. It made me appreciate and respect relationships friends, family, and lover all are appreciated and not taken for granted.
#EveryDamnTime
sheeeesh! 
...#singlemomsdoitbetter #motherslove #strivingtobetter #bebetterthanheis #genevaohio #neohio @KingJames - Thank You for all that you do! #lbjbestever
Not only is this clip timeless Will to this day has stayed the same and timeless. Its like he has not grown except with a white 5 0 clock shadow when he doe snt shave lol.
Powerful clip. Wish all kids abandoned by a parent could get the therapy they need to see they are WORTHY AND LOVED. Love to see people like @KingJames put a STOP to the dysfunction their parent(s) bestowed on them. VERY HARD to do. You’re an amazing family man Mr. James
#Teamnodad @CynAbbey
So powerful 
#FreshPrince Best show ever
LBJ u are the right man for this time
And your children can't imagine what it's like. Well done, dad.
I can't handle it now and I'm 34!! One if the best episode's ever
Very emotional episode.  Thank you for thanking your mother in all that she does!  she’s raised a fine man!
I know right but u a wonderful Father u set a very positive attitude toward ur kids and to the world
@pick_ryan  @RyanTreanor9

