The color of money doesn’t change the color of your skin. 

@KingJames keeps it real on #RollingWithTheChampion. 
This is still funny  KD really said “that’s crazy” like he the one that set it up  KD crazy yo 
You are a massive hero to so many. But all of your sugar endorsements (sprite, etc.) are out of character. It's nothing but poison for kids. You must wake up to that. You make enough money.


naw but u need some more education b4 u open that puke mouth of yours about OUR President. U chant be your own person...then rehash liberal CNN talking points. Dont need your vote in 2020...have plenty
https://www.facebook.com/7outof9EntReadyCityRecords/posts/1603417683059911 …
I am wondering how many blacks actually know about William Ellisson during this Black History month. Maybe you could help stop the hate spewing from the LEFT. #MAGA 
It’s #ShutUpAndDRIBBLE, not DRIVEL.
But thinking you mean so much to society only demonstrates two things-that there are plenty of poorly educated people who value a poorly educated athlete more than fixing their ignorance.  Maybe you can star in the sequel Idiocracy 2 as President Camacho.

What have u contributed 2 our youth today besides foul language, poor grammar n hateful words? Shame on u u r nothing like Muhammad Ali or MLK, MLK would be appalled at ur words. MLK was a great man, u r only great at bouncing a ball n shooting baskets get over urslf
I live in CLE and have followed you since your HS years. You give so much of yourself to your community and more, a great role model. I also watch @IngrahamAngle, she’s no more a racist then you are, please don’t throw that card, you’re better then that.
It’s wrong to disrespect the king. He accomplishes anything he sets his mind to. Even the J’ is smooth now!
Keep speaking out #KingJames
Stop that swearing 
LeBron regets not being white I can tell
Yea you are http://still.black  reguardless sucks don't it lebron
Everyone has their own opinion on racism, but as the white mother of a little white boy who idolizes nba players no matter their skin color have you noticed that there were barely any white players or entertainers at the all star game?  But if I said something I would be racist.
I can cros you.... your mom could feel it

You have a lot in common with Trump. That being that nearly half of the world think you are a f$&k wit. Difference being is that Trump doesn't care where as you do. Opinions and comments mean nothing when coming from an uneducated mouth.
Lame...
No, but the more money you make, the more you hate on white people.
Cowards won’t say it to your face!
You mean to much to society for what ? All you ever do is play the victim and cry racism. You are not a victim of society or racism lebron...wise up...trump has done more for black Americans in 1 year than obama did in 8...no wall no DACA...
Tell us all what Barack Obama did for the black community and race relations in the USA.
#speakyourtruthshamethedevil The King always keeping it classy!
But it can make a person (you) think they educated or smarter than they are, or that any1 besides a scrub would be interested, buddy your basically a trained seal, here for our entertainment, if I want any political opinion, I’ll ask the experts... so you  K? Good boy
So tru
Stay. The. Fuck. Out. His. Bussing. L. James. Is. A. Grown. Ass. Man. Color. That
Why is it always an issue that you make out of the color of your skin?This country moved past that! Stop having a freaking pity party all of the time and whining all the way to the bank look at the Native Americans they are not snivelers.
Black lives matter
Amen
One day, @KingJames, you MAY be an educated man to go toe to toe with smart people about politics.  That day is not today.  Complete your great career.  Get a degree, perhaps majoring in political science, and then give it a shot to debate smart people.
You are very intelligent blackman.never give in to that b_llsh_t ,it's all ways gonna be something ,somebody.we no what you do for these kids in the AK.thanks man.
Amen
Yea its so true ,still a n____ger.but a rich n____ger.just do what think is right ,keep helping the youths,keep speaking out about Injustice, you do have a chance to make a difference,we all can make a difference ,# we can.



King James give away “100% of the profits” you take from We the people!
You can help by donating all that money you make from your sneakers, since it comes from the people you claim you’re Helping!
I think your actions are only helping $King James....shut up and dribble!


Just keep dribbling, you're better at that
Poor #LeBronJames @kevindurantn @carmeloanthony life is so hard for you cause your black? Why don’t you go down to So. Ohio Appalachia and see how hard life is for #WhitePrivilege
Don't stop, you have a platform to speak for America and we need you to use it. Love to Akron O and King James.
Amen
If Mr. James really wants equality, give up some of his salary so food vendors, janitors, ticket distribution teams, security, ushers, all the staff that work Cavalier games get paid 100K annually.
James supported @HillaryClinton who said that young black men were super predators who had to be brought to heel. The Clinton admin passed NAFTA and GATT that hollowed out manufacturing in Ohio and other midWest states.  Lebron is racist against his own race.

If so give up the money.
Yes you are a king alright, King of BS.
Lebron James has every right to jump into the political debate. However, if he chooses to go there, expect to be challenged on his statements. Being a star doesn’t inoculate him. 
Immediately throwing the race card when challenged weakens his position. Gonna talk? Man up!
Amen
Listening to that professional news anchor do what she did on TV to a athlete and all he trying to say is what happened at his house the word ((N$&@#))what was on his gate but if somebody do that to u how would u feel((Laura Ingraham))...((what )) i’m waiting 
Hi, while I don't agree with your comments about Pres. Trump, I don't think you should shut up. I think you and Pres. Trump, can talk and work together on fixing racial and social issues. Differences can create solutions and misconceptions can destroy future opportunities. Ytown
Racist....Really Lebron. Get over it
Love how they hate people who want them to have better life and the people that want to keep them in their place.

And it doesn’t make you any more intelligent
Hey, King! When are you going on The Laura Ingram Show to discuss politics & Trump? Let us know please. Don't want to miss it. Should be really good.
And doesn't change the quantity of your vote. I have 1 vote, like you.
I don’t understand the hate on both sides
What I’m saying is I don’t understand why people have hate for someone because the color of their skin. My original comment has nothing to do with me being white.
Also here is a look at all the states Trump won.... including Ohio.  Just a reminder of how many people voted for him.

Figured you would like these:
You’re so much more than an athlete! What you do for kids is commendable. Much more than Fox’s Laura Ingram or the rest of the deplorable Fox News staff.
Tell that to the late great Michael Jackson.
The money can't change you and we can see how you act you never had any class.
Don’t worry about some no name reporter trying to ride your coat tails for her 5 minutes of worthlessness
Amen
Support America, Americans and our president.   He’s not racist.
Nor do I want it too.. I love being black
After months of an investigation there is still no proof this happened
You may never see this, I may never get to meet you and build a great connection, or I may never be great at what I want to do for us as a people and country for the world to see but I will continue to strive for it the rest of my life because of what Jesus has done through you!
Amen
#ShutUpAndDribble. Who cares what color you are? You’re not pd for self-indulgent blameshifting & #RaceFluffing. YOU make everything about skin color: “black” this, “black” that. “Whites” pay you million$$$, but some idiot paints N somewhere and you act oppressed and blame Trump.
Be  a real man,  Show the world your brilliance....
Amen
Dear Laura Ingraham: Now that you've used your First Amendment right to speak up, we'll use our First Amendment right to speak back. And in speaking back, this all we want you to know: #WeWillDribbleButWeWontShutUp
Laura Ingram is a racist period
@KingJames “I’m more than an athlete” ummmmmmm...... no your not
Yes. Fuck. He. Is
I see you love the same language as Mr. James. Way to express yourself. Must be an athlete/zombie fan thing.
Yes, but if you could sing, you would have been told to get back singing.........
Hey Le Bron, your comments actually makes us not watch the game today! Stay in your place my dear and don’t comment what’s not your business.
Seriously stop talking about politics because your showing your lack of intelligence
Keep paying Yellow skinned people $2 a day to make your shoes , #slavetrader
Man!! Just simply love you and your mind.. Stay your beautiful grace
Amen
Appreciate all you do for our youth and their futures. Sometimes people need to walk in a black mans shoes then comment
Amen
This is such a valuable lesson that everyone needs to learn.
Amen
#ShutUpAndDribble
Stop the victim mentality! We should above everything and be better than! Go to school! Get your education! We are being passed down if we don’t lift ourselves up!
Twice as many black on white murder than white on black murder in your lifetime LeBron...the victim card dosnt work well for you...
.Racist Painted Muslim Antichrist Obamanation's Official Portrait Known F... https://youtu.be/a8KHUY7lalo  via @YouTube
Marxist Racist Black Panther Antifa Lebron James Attacks Pres.Trump and Laura Ingram on FOX News  https://youtu.be/RUIz-puyFJQ  via @YouTube
Maybe he should research how fluoride affects black boys brain during development. The rate of autism and brain damage via vaccines on black boys. The deck is stacked and it causes the group as a whole to drop. It is sad.
.Alan Keyes rightly calls Muslim Antichrist Obamanation a radical communist, blacks should have voted for a Real Black Christian Keyes instead they loved the Devil Obama https://youtu.be/3DlTgrMCxPg  via @YouTube
.LeBron & Curry also helped Muslim Antichrist Obamanation sell his Marxist Obamanation Health Care which was nothing but modern day SLAVERY according to leading Black Brain Surgeon Ben Carson. https://youtu.be/dXPuEMC4zLM  (watch the black racist call him uncle tom)
LeBron & Curry playing golf with Muslim Antichrist Obamanation during his Christian holocaust arab spring in the middle east, his changing Gods Holy Marriage laws for same sex marriage, putting satanic pedo sharia law and transgender in public schools, and cop killing spree ect..
only social injustices in America are the racist black on white crime stats and the black on black crimes stats just prove why cops beat the hell of you people so much bcoz theyre tired of arresting you pos.. LeBron and Curry hanging out with Muslim Antichrist Obamanation during
Stop making everything about race you know nothing about politics you’re just a sheep following the liberals do some facts checking first So that your ignorance does not shine through
Shut up and dribble!
WHAT A FREAKING HYPOCRITE.
I’m trying to understand - what has Donald Trump done to hurt black people?
Why dont you ever talk about your illegitimate son who lives in Salt Lake City? Next time ill make sure to post a pick of C.J....
Shut up n dribble.
I grew up in upper middle class and mixed race, I'm better educated then most Americans, still the first thing most people notice about me is that I am not white.

I think the African American experience cannot be understood without  being lived, but thanks for articulating it.
Doesnt make you any smarter either. Stay away from @IngrahamAngle and you wont look the fool
Yup. When you pull up to the tennis club and they think you’re an uber driver. When you’re not famous and all other patrons at the restaurants stare at you as if you came from mars, and the owner comes out to thank you for the 10 years you’ve been celebrating anniv. with them.
Good
Lebron, sou muito sua fã, me dá um pouco do seu dinheiro?
The color of your skin doesn’t change the amount money you could earn.
Alternative fact: Because the things you have to do, be done with, and for you to earn a certain amount of money for anyone and especially people of color in life especially America isn't always the dream (fantasy) promoted it is usually a nightmare you can't wake up from
Amen
R
Stop picking on girls, "king".
That you're an athlete, doesn't make you smart. Here we go. Racist!
Lebron James is raising more kids threw the screen than any other player in America  #NBAALLSTARMVP
Amen
Color of your skin is refraction of light off of cellular pigmentation. Color of your skin is moot & different in different lights (literally & figuratively. You're famous for putting an object through a hoop...very well. Kudos. Don't get it twisted & apologize to @IngrahamAngle
He’s. Not. Wooied
Please add to your vocabulary & quit the f___ bombs. Children are looking up to u & some adults are looking down on u shamefully.... bad influence.
You play the race card like you do 4th quarters in the Finals. Ray Allen and Kyrie Irving won't be able to bail you out of your uneducated comments.
If I were you Labron I would JOIN THE Warriors, a team who had a MEGA RACIST, for a year to show what we can do together as one powerful force many would speak against it but hell they're always against us!
True! It can, however, train you to be more proficient in the English language, articulate better, help you think like an adult & help you be a more intelligent person, none of which you are. So please don't philosophize and pretend to be something more than a basketball player.
Whine, whine, whine. Tears, tears, Tears! That's all I got...
He thinks because these educated business men and elite humans speak better than him, dress better and have intellect he is jealous and feels below them. That is NOT racism. That is Lebron being a meathead and not getting the respect from educated white men. Maybe read a book
Can you imagine how effective you’d be if your disdain for the prez had to do with reality?  He doesn’t give a “f*ck about the people” is a stupid thing to say and is ignorant of how every American who pays taxes is benefiting from his economic plan. Not everyone is rich.
I only make 48,000 a year and I save 2500
Your view of Donald Trump is saying that YOU BELIEVE everything on the news is the GOSPEL-THE TRUTH of what you hear and see about him!!smh...what about Clinton's etc...
You can say demeaning things about the president but someone can't tell you to shut up and dribble? Well guess what, shut up and dribble. You're not a leader for your community. You're a fraud.
The only thing you should interrupt is your big mouth !!! Entertaining ppl is your job ! You know nothing about RESPECT or Politics ! Ask Aretha Franklin ,a good start for u !
The color of money doesn't give you an IQ either.  You're not appearing very intelligent these days
Poor baby:(.  Always complaining even though he has it better than a vast majority of the people he calls oppressors
We don't care about the color of your skin dude..you're an arrogant snowflake who thinks you are a lot smarter than you are in http://reality.You 're hurting people frankly.Started with your lies about Michael Brown and u keep going
Boo fucking hoo. You've got a lot more mouth dribbling to do. Thats what.
KIIIIIIIIIIIIIING OF USA @KingJames
Queen James why don't you and the other multi-millionare pro athletes take your money and help the conditions you complain about in the Black Community? Once you leave the ghetto you never look back - yet you expect America to solve all the problems!
yeah cause your buddy Obuma cared so much LMAO get real. A president who cares does not send 1.7 Billion to Iran
Hahahaha! I love millionaires who blame others for not taking care of the poor!!!!
1001st viewer
Standing tall! Salute!  #iamMore  #wewillnotshutupanddribble #idoitforyou
@KingJames As a Combat Disabled Veteran you have every right to speak your mind on all things not just basketball.That’s what we fought for. I may not agree with every word but I respect you I won’t to hear you. #LoveIsLoveEveryDay Have great  #NBAAllStar game beat #TeamStephen
Don't use any of the money you have made to change the negative culture, just complain about the gov't not doing it. Sad
#NeverBeAsGoodAsJordan
Please position 3-4 of your people to run for government office; then “TAKE-OVER” the government policies and procedures to get goals on paper to make change happen. Also, I would not go on the rude lady’s show. I would go on another person’s show so they can get the ratings.
People told Muhammad Ali to shut up and focus on boxing

It's good that Muhammad Ali didn't listen to those people

People told Dr. King to shut up and focus on preaching

It's good that he didn't listen

The world is a better place because they didn't listen
MJ and Kobe better than u as players n spokesmen.  #3GOAT.  Not bad, congrats! Oh, wilt better then u as well.  Kareem too.  #5GOAT
@KingJames Stay WOKE!! Continue to do GREAT THINGS! MUCH RESPECT!!
SHUT UP AND DRIBBLE
We all love and support you @KingJames
Thank you for what you do and who you are. I am almost 60 years old but I still consider you a role model, for me, my kids and one day my grandkids!
By the way, first priority of a POTUS is the protection of the American people, not understsndiiiiiiiing them
Color doesn’t make people ignorant
Sounds RACIST to me??????
Yeah it’s racist as hell for someone to spray paint on his gate, I totally agree.
From watching you your entire career what you have grown to become that's what makes you the GOAT salute bro and thanks for being a positive role model to my kid he looks up to you. #STIVEFORGREATNESS
You are amazing.
It doesn’t give to class either, which you clearly do not have.
It’s not the color of someone’s skin it’s the character of the person. If you want to try to make a change You should march in Chicago and Baltimore where black on black crime and murder are rampant.
Glad u think you’re “all that”  U cuss out Trump but then get your feelings hurt when Ingram calls u out. Such a baby
You should run for President 2020 to shut up @IngrahamAngle / @realDonaldTrump / @GOP and their #magaminions I am positive you will win. Majority of America will vote for you LeBron. #PresidentKingJames2020
@realDonaldTrump
Sponsored by Vagisil
Why would you want to change colors
Do something for the kids of Chicago! Getting shot up left and right. Black in black crime sky rocketed under, Obama
Lebron James if You Cared You would PREVENT  @akronschools KIDS
ASSAULTING Teachers! @KingJames WHY are #iPromise AKRON Students ASSAULTING Teachers & WHY they worship #Antifa

Parkland Fl Nicolas Cruz iS #AltRight DEMOCRAT used #GunFreeZones to Kill

#guncontrol NOT the answer
You need to post that at Trump and the @GOP
What a bunch of bullsh*t. Lol. Stop trying to act like an intellectual impacting world peace....and just play your bouncy ball game.
Who cares about the color of your skin compared to the content of your character?
You don’t have cameras out to find out who did it
I salute you bro #wewillnotshutupanddribble
For your money i d be rainbow color
You don't speak for us Americans. It funny that you think you do. Lol
Thats Right Michael Jackson tried it didnt work.  Your a Bum Steroid King.
Its sad bro it hurts me to see white America to say those things too you
I was sorry to hear that your Brentwood home had that horrible word spray-painted on the front, but even more insidious are the closet racist that will cheer you as a basketball player, but then turn around & make racial remarks to their other friends. These people drive me crazy
Still haven’t seen any police evidence of this happening...
As long as ignorant ppl in the world, you'll always have that.
