mmmm Gun Control........ protesting something that is already controlled, and completely forgetting how the FBI and Sheriffs department failed. Makes so much sense.
Typing mmmm as if you thought out your comment. They aren’t protesting for gun control as if it doesn’t exist. They are protesting for better gun control. #MarchForOurLives
Maybe Obamas AG Eric Holder will convince you. Mr. Fast and Furious gun runner himself.
Oh look......same year as Feinstein.
Follow back
Shut up and play basketball.
q
Class
Yes, tell us about your experience at Locked and Loaded in Miami.
follow
@Nuka_mussinov follow back 
Follow everyone who RETWEETS and LIKES this 
So y'all except gang bangers, high rating criminals, and dope dealers to listen and follow the rules of gun control. Okay, tell me how well that's working out for us.
Amazing the kids don’t even know they Are being used as pawns. #2A
Since when is agitating mindlessly for the theft of one's rights a "real impact"?

From the Akron march...
Boy, just think what they could do if they cared about anything other than whats trendy and had any type of work ethic whatsoever.
Follow help me <3
Followback thanks for follow
Hates a President that makes lives better for the people in his own community, and fights to have a repel of the right that was given his same community centuries ago that helped protect them from a bigoted government. This is a special kind of stupid.
https://youtu.be/bw1xshDrFlc  
....but just for everyone else, right?
The youth are mostly morons. I ain't saluting a bunch of dipshits who haven't even taken care of themselves, let alone anyone else. 

Who the hell cares what a bunch of snot nosed little kids think?
Follow me
Ya don’t say 
You do know, that is in a shooting range right?
Salute!
Followback thanks for follow
#MarchForOurLives

Says Jon the fake black guy 
This Generation Will be the ones who finally looks beyond Race, Creed, Sex, Age, Religion, Sexual Orientation, Ethnic Background, Mental & Physical Disability’s. It won’t be easy & They will face lots of resistance but in the end, They will endure if They All Stand Together &

Following everyone who follows me. New accnt. For my own music and stuff yo.
Yeah making an impact by spreading lies and ignorance
You are a great basketball player, your politics could use some help though...
Looks like you did too.
LeBron James my king i love you
“make an impact” but all you’re doing is tweeting...
His tweets reach over 41 million people... L
Sure as u hide behind your locked gates n armed guards! Give us a break hypercrit
Hey Lebron
Hope you remember the significance of abolitionist John Brown's raid at Harper's Ferry.   If not, educate yourself before supporting repealing the Right to Bear Arms.
LOL hyp.....O......crite!
Perhaps kiingshithole should practice playing by the NBA rules. Monogamy. Not dropping his baby's mommas. Stop thuggery rap style. Etc
Interesting ...is this a Belt Fed machine gun

So..you cannot have it both ways, sir. https://ijr.com/2018/03/1079679-lebron-james-gun-control-automatic/?utm_campaign=Conservative%20Daily&utm_source=hs_email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=61689031&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8XqeejiyDo9PRU-9__M7jIjISwFPZCn738vOiwIcV7V9FVYp8aqEa8E_KpRNPtkwvGmwdfpODnsEumXe4gnLBtvz7vQdtxe33ridNpbBoFzJs0aqQ&_hsmi=61689031 …
You’re as BAD at understanding the importance of the 2nd Amendment as you are GOOD at basketball. 
#NRA #2A #SecondAmendment
Just shut the f up.
Hey hypocrite , tell your fellow basketball players thst if they want gun control they shouldn’t hire armed guards

http://www.complex.com/sports/2017/01/how-athletes-stepping-up-security-with-guns-bodyguards …

Your average person doesn’t have an armed security detail. For you, but not for us, right?

get the F out of here.
Or how about, only hire security guards that have muskets?
Hypocrite....where will u run to now?
How did it feel shooting that M249? #hypocrite
How many bodyguards, security and police with guns have protected LeBron and his family over the years?
Always the hypocrite
Man they have no clue the the real truth or the real world bro. Even if they make all gus ilegal that wold sove a thing. Drug are ilegal,,,, right ??? so how come the drugs are on every corner bro. Wake up man,,,
Clueless kids being used by media.
Great impact you made on that paper target with the M249 SAW.

Really Lebron James enjoying your second amendment while supporting to take everyone else rights.
So I didn't just see videos of you shooting assault weapons.
#hypocrisy
Saw a super picture of you behind an automatic. Belt fed is awesom isn't it, sure had you smiling. Kind of hypocritical of you isn't it.
Why are there videos of you shooting guns when you are suppose to be against semi automatics. #hypocritical leftist
You shooting a machine gun
You are full of crap. Videoes of you shooting an assault weapon are surfacing.  Do you not understand that they want to repeal the second amendment.
Full auto hypocrisy 
https://youtu.be/4qf7I2VNjeU 
Damn dude....you shot that machine gun really well,,,,hats off to ya!
#IAmTheNRA
Glad you support them...
And don't forget about this one either:
Salute to you Lebron for Virtue Signaling because feelings are more important than facts.  The great thing about Clebs is they get to be hypocrites.
Yeah they are making an impact, destroying Wal-Mart stores and I wonder who they will blame when they fail in life because they kept skipping classes to protest something that Millions have died to protect.
Hey LeBron love u shooting that M249, a real assault weapon used by the military.   People aren't with you, they are laughing at you. Also that H&K was developed for the German Special forces.  You are a Tool and hypocrite.
Says the hypocrite.
Lol, ok bud. 
Oops another pot calling the kettle black on the gun control issue but I guess since he is a mediocre BB player he allowed to make a mockery of the issue
tell us how you REALLY feel ...I'll wait .... in the meantime lets watch a words from our sponsor
now THAT is an assault rifle .....
Join the blazers
Your nothing but a fake just like the rest of them. Do as I say not as do! Go dribble a ball somewhere and shut the f—k up!
Bet that was hella fun lol
Hypocrite!
How do you spell hypocrite? Lebron James
https://youtu.be/4qf7I2VNjeU  

did you forget about this?
Mane missing hairline with a whop jawbone steroid using ass nigga. BTW, who was the 2nd president of the United States?And don't use Google.

yes, amazing. Schools are being shut down daily now due to threats from angry, deranged leftists. Aren't we proud?
Lock and Load says you’re a hypocrite.
How did that shooting range action at the range go 4 years ago with alllll those fully automatic guns you were shooting off? Just wow @ your glaring hypocrisy. Foh
Hypocrite much.
Yet @KingJames goes to a shooting range for some fun shooting with a H&K MP5 and a M249 Squad Automatic Weapon??? Hypocrite!!!
You can contact us, through a new line, we will hu up tomorrow, see if you have room to open the door a crack?
Hypocrite
Amen..Lil Wayne Story of a swimming  

#car #BREAKING #music
#tech #future
#
Ifb
#follow
#HYPOCRITE there is YT video of you shooting MACHINE GUNS!
Hey King James how’s your machine gun doing ?
Yeah! N #shoot a #machinegun.
And fully automatic..Nice..

LeBron James shoot M249 SAW Belt Fed Machine Gun https://youtu.be/1j-VCXmambQ  via @YouTube
Yezzzz (as a mommy, I'm here for it!!!!)... Love & Hug from your "Pensacola FL momma"
'Impact'
Stfu you trendy ass hypocrite
Says the guy who has a youtube video of himself shooting a M249 SAW belt fed fully automatic machine gun. Hypocrite.


Lmao

7,000+ Occupy protesters arrested under the Obama administration.  This isn't change.  This is conformity.  This is weekend indoctrination of kids into communism.
You are making to hard for me to not like you Mr James. But for looking out for things that matter in this world!
There's nothing funnier than someone caring what a pro athlete or a celebrities' stance is on social issues..lol
Let's just hope they stop buying your jerseys. Just to burn them when you leave #theland AGAIN...

I've used U played for me 30 sessions in 2K17 ，the manager mode.Always in Cleveland，so that I missed the 2K18，but who cares.The fans really hope U played for us forever!詹密科密小学生密是一家，中国的老哥顶我上去。
You did it
Hear, hear
Lebron make a difference, Need your help spreading awareness, Music Over Violence, Give the Children a Microphone they will set down the gun! #Help
That city that has more gun violence then nearby states that have more lax gun regulation..that's really odd.
Yessir


Really looking forward to the wall-to-wall coverage of next year's March for Life now that the mainstream media has decided to care about massive political marches populated largely by young people.
March to give our rights away.
Salute to you sir...  #tonysjourney #brittanymarieseifert #brookemace #cancersucks #followusonfb&instagram #tattoochicks #models #allabout216
Real live human
Ay just shut up and dribble bro
Wish they would take a stand against texting while driving too so more lives could be saved.

LeBron, you still have those armed bodyguards?
Making a real impact, WHAT, buy learning you can blame objects for something instead of the person. How does it help our country when the same kids bullying the kids shooting up a school March for gun control instead of standing up for bullying? Please do tell, I'm waiting.
But of course, nothing in response, the king at a loss of words, I understand, if just wrote a bunch of crap for publicity I wouldn't need it to make sense either
The history they don’t want you to know!!  #neveragain
THANK YOU for speaking up. Thank for you supporting this movement 
Ur awesome , from a coral Springs gal, thank you
#GuncontrolWorks An America with No More #MassShooting No More #SchoolShootings No More #FatalGunviolance No More #NonFatalGunViolence Wud it be worth it YES to 100,000 Americans Shot Ea Yr YES To 30,000 Americans Shot Dead Ea Yr YES The Saving $230Billion #TheCost To America Yes
A real impact????   On what?   Furthering the divide in this country?  Little kids cursing and emotional speeches won’t solve anything.  It’s time to have a genuine discussion with the facts and none of the emotions.  Otherwise it’s meaningless
Solutions?
Amazing Kids!!!!!
Better watch LeBron, they're gonna take your armed guards guns too! Lol
Get control of  urban youth  Yea.urban  . Salute the children that are on the news every morning for violent crimes?    Old baby mammas daddy using there Child's miner status to carry out violent crimes.  Hay. LBJ.  Where is Your Mansion? In Glenwood ? Shut up and dribble.
Check out my website, architectural designs, essays, film reviews. Growing.


Love to see people protesting their constitutional rights. Your a great role model lebron!
Move away please
And yet we are not fixing the problem of Mental Health, the gun is a tool, much like a knife or car

Only @realDonaldTrump and the police should have the guns, right? Lebron, you're a genius on the court, but probably the dumbest man in America when not playing basketball. Drink another @Sprite . Keep making millions selling junk food and slave labor made shoes.

The #marchforourlives people are all pieces of shit who have no common sense.
Idiot basketball player salutes trying to take our rights away.

Real impact would be addressing core issues.  Someone like yourself could bring real light to the epidemic of single mothers.  But you're a coward.
Tell me, when is the walk out to rally against abortion and PP? Are the teachers for that too?
Do you still know how to play the ball ？If you are poor in physical fitness 
Yeet
Just a question Lebron,, is your multiple person security detail armed?
By trained professionals. Is training a requirement to purchase a gun?
Does it matter? If you have the money you can hire your own security, normal people can’t. Very easy to tell people you can’t defend yourself
Snow flakes
Haha real impact. Ok
Lebron tweets March for our lives while his life is being protected by security guards WITH GUNS just like every other celebrity supporting this. Smh

#money #follow

Shut up Queen Lebitch Jamie
Go #YOUNGBLOODS !   STAY STRONG!
I don't support banning guns but it blows my mind that people are seeing these kids as the bad guys...all because they love their guns for reasons I will never underatand
This is why I can't take your political takes seriously. Just admit it, you are the best shoe salesman since Al Bundy!
Are you going to see @VanessaHudgens on stage

Are we also going to salute @KyleKashuv for making a legitimate REAL impact by pursuing legislative change, or no because it doesn't fit the narrative? #MarchForOurLives
Lead by my Congressman @TedDeutch, #STOPSchoolViolenceAct passed the House with a 490-10 vote in favor.…
Shut up and dribble!  So when did you realize you'll never have more championships than Jordan?
I wonder how many conservatives are going to say “LeBron is washed up anyways! Nobody cares about him!”
This is a pretty interesting video. They ask actors to read actually TRUE gun facts and you can see that they are utterly confused because it doesn't fit with the lies liberals tell about guns.
How about telling thugs to stop glorifying thug life and stop killing each other. That alone would drop the gun violence statistics dramatically.
Absolutely not


Here is the youth you are proud of and their true ignorance. Lets honor ignorance and stupidity every chance we get. Remember they are the future!
Anybody who wants an extra folllow, follow me and i’ll follow back
