Bronny James showed out in front of @CP3 in Houston. Young  
Aww proud daddy and mommy. Congratulations your raising up good kids 
Reminds me of you when you was young straight beast 
Im trying to get a bronny jersey right now! Get ahead of the curve
Those handles tho 
Omg he is pretty good like his father I am your fan #1 already
Passes, scores and blocks the ball. Reminds me of someone 
New Agent 0 
Tiger Father without Dog Son
Let’s goooo!!
#BlackLightning #BlackPanther #BlackMenSmiling  "Ghetto Hymns"  
Queen James What's This We Hear You Want To Be A Laker What Happened To Your Loyalty To The Cave's I Guess That Went Out The Window You Know You Didn't Make The Cave's A Great Team They Made You A Basketball Player Remember Where You Came From And Your Not King James Queen ie
Those blocks are moster looks just like dad

How can I meet your son? :(
lebron wears 'equality' shoes but is one of the highest paid players in the nba. odd mr equality doesn't divide his check up equally. WTF. oh, and you can purchase his equality shoes, if you can afford them.
That torch will soon get passed. #JamesGang
LeBron our here teaching his son the ways. Respect
Kidz nice
@SLAMonline @CP3 Cavs aren't making finals this season, sorry LeBron
Cavs should've kept @KyrieIrving now the Celtics will win the east
Celtics won the east last year and they didn’t go to the finals. Post season Lebron is the best Lebron
Hey i got right
Ok beautiful thing


Hi
Awww I think I saw Auntie Diedre too. She loves those kids
But will he be a Buckeye tho?
@ChrisHoltmann
He got a better crossover than u bron! Good stuff

How has the black community been decimated by abortion, you ask?
 
There are approximately 40 million black men and…

He's a better shooter than you, Pops
Damn. Can’t a father just be proud of his son?
Being sarcastic is hard with social media!  It was father-to-father jab.  Honestly, @KingJames is the greatest athlete I've ever seen..and I saw Jim Brown live several times. #imthatold #iwilluseemojismore 
Smooth!
How old is your son, LeBron? I swear he is playing like a grown ass man out there. Way too lethal already.
Prince  James is ready for the throne  @KingJames

Sweeeeet!
Like father, like son
Like father like son greatness in this blood word
Them blocks tho ...
Awesome  WOWED
Like Father like Son.. I Salute Congrats  is
This is why we play....for the love of the game
Your sons gonna better than you dang 
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/970950617211564032?s=20 … (PLAYATRUTH’s Uniform not cool enough for an endorsement? What about... Click the link above ) -Steve Lamar-
B.A.S.E.(YE) Puppet of the Day: Super Grover https://www.instagram.com/p/Bf-e7jTBPmF/ 
CP3
young king!!!
OMG! Bron's heir apparent.
That kid is fearless!!!!

He must take after his mother.
Haha
Lebron Jr going to be a future Heat player


The first day
我爱你
congratulations!
Congratulations to bronny his team and his proud papa
Wow he’s a good player
La relève for sur
Your son is nasty.. #lilking
Starts his shot to low anyone with skill will swat that shit every time but not bad for a lil jit
@KingJames your boy is nice! 
Little kid with court vision
@SLAMonline @CP3 Thanks 4 sharing that, he looks like a young LeBron, he must B so proud!
That boy balling out there go head lil bron! 
Lord don’t let this kid get 6’6 +.
@PrettyGirlKeia
He hit that kid with the Bron-Iguadala block sheesh.
@KingJames  zizic looks very good
Hi Mr lebron I'm your biggest fan my birthday is 8/20/18 I wanted to see if u can come to it
Complete game. Love the defensive denials.
amazing.
Baby Bron
Congrats Bronny Be your own 
He might just have a better jump shot then you Bron 

Skipping college also I presume ?
WOW
Will we see you and Bronny playing together in the NBA? He's looking like he's shaping up to easily have the skills to get drafted and with your apparent immortality, here's hoping
Congratulations Team James Gang  #ShakeThemHatersOff!

Lebron I'm gonna make a video in NBA 2k18 with awesome plays of you for my YouTube channel
#Legacy
The Prince  has arrived
Will be better than the king
He definitely your son
You a beast 
https://youtu.be/9RABZq5IoaQ .     Who knew this
King, you going to philly next szn? @rodjaq
Lavar Ball 2.0 
Got all the basics down, nothing flashy! Just the way it’s supposed to be at his age, but when that light turns on, he might be better than you!!
What grade is he in??
@spinosaalec @NYyankeeSteve45 @Thewiseguy973 @LattMisa9 love watching his kid play
Nice 
Lbj you paved the way and are a blessing to the game on off the court passing it down to your seed Lord blessed you keep it real one love
At the rate he and his father is going. They’ll be playing together! 
Hey I'm new to this but I just want to say I'm a huge fan of yours and been since u got in the NBA I just wish I had won your Equity hope u get a other Ring
Family
Just like his dad...they can’t do anything with him
Like father like son 
Gotta get him to start mouthing off about Trump to totally be like the “King”!
This kid is good
Which song is the theme song to this: Funk #49 or Walk Away?

LeBron, u sending him to college? Maybe a good idea in my opinion. He will mature as a player under a great coach and system and experience what you were not able too. Can u imagine him with coach K??? Wow
If only big bron played like this
Makes perfect sense! GOATs offspring are GOATs too. Cant wait for ESPN to cover his high school games too!
Jordan’s kids can’t do that
Hopefully he grows.
Lil bronny looking cold fam
Go to Housten Rockets 
Man youngin go hard
@adam_hakimian he doesn’t have daddy’s awful shot
NBA players back then and today will never have the bond lebron wade cp and melo have
Ya know what they say about the Apple  n the tree  lol
@KingJames He has vision like his pops 
Will his nick name be Prince James then 
Prince James
@SLAMonline @CP3 Lebron is about stats. Kobe is about them rings. The only thing that matters in your legacy. Believe that.
Definitely studies dad at work.
You better win tonight.
Just like his Dad
We have King James II to claim his throne when @KingJames steps down
Yee
You sure you two aren't distance cousins. Your vocal cadas and facial expressions are very similar.
Your kid's ruining careers in the 7th grade...may he get better and better...#KingJames 2.0 that's some serious skill and flair!
Keep him out of Zaza’s reach!
More than a game deserves an Oscar
When u compare the ball kid to lebrons kid. I see lebrons playing the game correctly not just getting hail marrys down the court for layups.
CP3’s reaction 
& the best part- the good sportsmanship you have passed onto the young !
The Shooting Stars use to RUN thur tournaments like this! Y'all were prohibited from playin' in some leagues too!  

A bunch of 8th graders killin' dreams NATIONALLY!
@SLAMonline @CP3 shouldn’t “they won the whole thing” be first in this
There are no words. He Shumped a kid, too!
Bronny has your passing skills, his swing pass looks just like yours 
Blessed to be the 19th child out of 21 children.
Click link
Like Father Like Son 
Young bull 
#LLTK
Our favorite part of that clip was him finding his teammate thru traffic. Great leadership skills displayed by his father. We continue to strive for this example of leadership that you've displayed to so many
LeBron, your son shoots the three better than you! Lol! That's good parenting!!! Lol!
But, wait, if lil man was ballin in Houston that means you were scouting schools like you did in Philly, right @KingJames ? Trying to follow the media hype with you and rumors is like Where in the world is Carmen San Diego from back in the day. #Complete TheProcess
Just wait til he hit that growth spurt and start dunking on folks. 
@FroLuke
Just put him in the league!
I’ll give yo son buckets boy !!!
Work Bronny
Young king 
They better put some respect on his jumpshot
How tall is Bronny?
He’ll look great at Mater Dei HS when you come to LA.
Something you won't do this year
@SLAMonline @CP3 Kobe Bryant makes no excuses. He wins when it matters. On the big stage he always delivers. Believe that.
Ballin!! 
Bronny with the smooth eurostep! 
If my dad was lebron I’d be ballin out too
All I’m saying is that if ur lebrons son, u better be fucking nice at ball
Whaaat? I bet you’re proud as all get out! Impressive!
Whole lotta gang shit
Like father like son 
What a talent already..hopefully when the  athleticism kicks in he’ll be doin it in the association
NEXT GEN!!! 
Can’t wait to have him on the Knicks
Damn!
Dude he’s gonna be an unbelievable guard probably grow to around 6,5 +.
And the fact is he has the whole package. Handles, Jumper, Defense, and just like his pops amazing vision. Passing and IQ
If he's only 6'5 he better have a hell of a lot more skills than his dad. Lebrons  body makes him
A monster
Come to Houston dad
Boy izza beast
I don’t know bout the comp; but I don’t think the world is ready to have Bronny exceed his dad in basketball glory... he looks good in this video
Prince James
#MiniGoat
#Bronny
@KingJames
But he can’t be the  cause we already got of those
Chillout Witt dat JamesGang Shit Lebron .
Are you kidding me? 3 point shot, drives the lane, great passer & defense, and I even saw a Euro step in there.
He gone be dunkin soon??
The Future like Father like Son!
Better than Lamelo
This kid is a sick player,  the only thing is i dont like him wearing 0. He should change it.
I like how he’s wearing @russwest44’s number 0 though. Besides that you must be proud of him big homie! Must feel good to be the third best player in the world huh? J/K
@Beaudin72 the future
When are we gonna get back to winning
@lakeruci Kobe got the Oscar tho - Ant
God damn those blocks
Goat in the making #legacy #youngking 
Little man is skilled up.  Congrats on the win.
Bron said atleast i got a son kobe
What do u do with a kid like that, thats smart and athletic?  Straight to the NBA or enjoy a great college?
