
LeBron can you go to Lakers
Wow people love to come for The KING

Love him
LeBron you are a special rare human being
Hi @KingJames you are the best NBA player for me and for a lot of people. I'm from Dom Rep and I'll be in Miami for vacation in your game with the heat. I would like to say you hello and a picture with you.
This goes without saying, but you are the goat and if you ever become infertile I will impregnate your wife for you. Even though I'm gay.
Classic!!! Love out to those who deserve it!!
Thx
Ohio needs you now in the primaries dont wait til the general like you did in 2016! Just imagine if celebrities came out for Bernie like yall did at the end for Hillary....The country and the world would be in a much better place right now!!! #VotePrimaries #Kucinich
Would be awesome if @KingJames gave an endorsement to @Dennis_Kucinich especially with everything hes been thru with the far right since Trump took office
@hannclissett  special mention 
hehehe love u
Love you so much  @hannclissett
good love you loads
Good  @hannclissett

All to all  Women all over the world who considers you the greatest. We love you @KingJames
Te amo baby
还是留在克利夫兰吧
It will make you a better player i belive you can do it my friend
If you want to be jordan then you must earn it buy team mates not pasing to you when they can get the shot themself!!!!! only then will you be great and i beleive you know this in yourself
i'm not bagging you i believe in you, but you must earn it my friend
thats your challange let your teamates take point but you also earning points only then will be a jedi only truly then will you be jordan
I believe you can do it so its not bagging its a challenge, if your teamate is near the basket let them take it, you must earn the point as jordan did sometimes if you really look people people have there back turned right infront of the basket as they pass
Somebody do an analysis of how many assits not from lebron to other players but his own teammates to lebron, hmm? you want a challange well i given you won want to be jorden be like mike stop religing on your team mate asssists right near the basket!!!
Time to face your demons lebron you talk about how many assists you made but , the true enemy is your teammates pass to you even when there right infront of the rim, face your demons and get the points for real only then and you know it inside will you ever be jordan
I have no doubt you can be like jordan, but earn the points properly ... no more your teamates infront of the rim they can score the point themself and pass to you do it properly it will make you a better player i put this challange to you
If you really want to be like micheal jordan then earn it not your teamates passing to you when they can get the points yourself look at jordan and learn.
do your players on contract to you to pass to you when there infront of the rim? I look at your highlights sometimes your teamates are right infront of the rim sometimes the apponent has backturned and pass to you this is not points lebron
you are alway the best in my heart . go cavaliers
@scoopah yeya laaaabrooonnnn jaaaammmeesssss
Ayo LeBron... You not gonna win the finals this year....
So thoughtful
hi
Yooo
Praises & Blessings to you & your Family!
Now that's one reason you're my favorite basketball player not only your mechanics on the court but you're positive and respectful
go threw his highlights and really look players pass to him when there right infront of the rim sometimes apponants back to him, if you really care for him put it to him to do it himself
Yeeaah #iWD2018 #ALB #DDBSF2026 XLAutoGroup Herron tree ReLay TV
love you
fighting!!!
Wow... why would @GoldenStateShow  take a Happy International Women’s Day post and make it to something else . Thanks @KingJames  for shouting out your wife, mom and the women !   if they ain’t talking bad about u than u not shining on them enough ! #Lebron #DaKing #Greatest
Grte
They are actually good players
King James we all love you a true gentleman, your mom raised you well sir .... Thank you !
Thank you

Thanksssss!!!....
Love you King!
#LABron
stay Classy @KingJames. And from all of us women down here in Akron...THANK YOU!
https://youtu.be/WIWV6NMF5BI 
@KingJames 
@SteveFranchise3 
#LeBronJames
#SteveFrancis
Continue to stand alone. It's nice on this side
Thank you King James


Thanks @King James
This dude WILL NEVER EVER, EVER, EVER WIN ANOTHER TITLE!!! He had to go to Miami to win 2 titles which should've been 4 titles. Not 3, not 4 not 5 not 6, he was right, only 2 titles. Hey LeBron, shut up and dribble.
Femi-Nine The Lotus Of Life
Don’t forget Heidi Hoback and Rachel Bush in addition to @SavannahRB #MeToo #InternationalWomensDay #SecretScumbag @itsgabrielleu @Oprah @maryjblige @rihanna @halleberry @cavs
I love you to bits, LBJ! Love that you're vocal about things that matter. Keep shining on strong and proud, iA.
I hope not going today up without saying
@KingJames  Bron Bron, I know you would be for it man. Trust me man 
https://simplelivingss.com/collections/wakanda-city-council-special-editions/products/wakanda-city-council-special-edition-t-shirt …
@lanaxlaine
Powerful words, thank you for allowing us to know you
Amen 

love

Thank you Mr. James.
Te sientes poderoso hermoso que bien
And especially Ivanka Trump!!!! Right?
Thank you LeBron!  You are a Class Act!  I am so proud of you starting your own school in Akron. You are a role model for the entire world!!Keep throwing that!
I'll celebrate #Nationalfalseteethday alongside #getoveritday and be at the game 2nite. 1st NBA game. Xcited to see LeBron :) #newmexicoveteran
You're the best!! 
Philly wants you Lebron. Lakers are going nowhere.
Txs your Queen  is truly blessed to have a  ike u!!!
@KingJames 
Lebron to Pittsburgh
thanks KingJames!
LeBron. You are truly a wonderful person.
bruh, international womens day and nothing to NOTORIOUS BIG... #RIP TO THE GREAT... CMON FAM!!!
Amem
Thanks!
Asc
Hi sweetheart!  That is sooo... nice! I love you & always got your back.  Your choice cousin Linda, in Georgia now, which I'm from The Land originally.  Can't wait to move back with my family & all my friends & road dogs!
At least you appreciate us!!
@KingJames
Hi
Great Recognition 2day & Always!
Durant can't beat westbrooke judge lebron
It’s how men act, the laws men create, the business exclusivity’s and the long term impact on women that really matters but symbolic geastures are appreciated in the moment
Thank you for Reconizing all the women around the world we worked hard to get athis recognition our ancestors paid the price 4 us
Exactly we as women take on more than the average we play the role of 3 to 4 people we r the strength 2 our families we r Queens
Sweet
This is why I rock with this dude.
u are too much brother......hoping to see u face to face one day
Buzzer beater tweet. Down to the last hour.


Naughty, naughty!  https://www.teeshirtpalace.com/products/shut-up-and-dribble-t-shirt …
I love you
This is why I admire you and love you  you are a wonderful husband and father to your family.
Hey LeBron, your a good person!
You are a class act!!
Going to sixers?
Very nice!
You the best lebron
Thx! From San Antonio
Amen and amen! 
Thank you for recognizing your wife
Yes they are the most precious gift in the world .
Go to the Steelers plz
Thank you . Love you too
SAME TO YOU  LEBRON  #HAPPY  INTERNATIONAL WOMENS DAY ! ! !
TO ALL WOMEN/ WOMAN , HAPPY INTERNATIONAL WOMENS DAY ! ! !

What a social justice warrior! #maga
Happy International Women’s Day!!!!
That's what this tweet was about International women's day nothing else. I think LeBron for being a kind sensitive positive man to the women in his life
Thanks  @KingJame You continue to amaze in every way Such a great human being & a blessing to the world. So happy you were raised by a wonderful woman to give you the confidence to ignore the bigots who suggest you shut up and dribble. Keep speaking your words are powerful
It saids an awful lot of a man that luvs his Mother and wife !
I love you too！
Thank you. It means a lot.
Have a good day
Thanks King, you are the best! God bless you and your family! 
You all wait til the end of its day to say it? 
This might be KD's new dummy account, but i cant stop laughing
Would you be interested in helping  us with this campaign ? 

We are NOT asking people for donations.
Just an ACT OF KINDNESS when we see a homeless person on our daily travels 

A sandwich, a coffee, chat or even a smile

Read all about it below 
The GOAT
Shut up and dribble monkey!
Please read, share, help and leave a positive prayer thank you

how comfy is that crib in Brentwood though?
Thank you
Sign with the sixers
Baba hayırlı cumalar dedin sandım 
U the man lbj love the way u have changed the nba
I think your great man! At times I be upset with you but overall love your mentoring and using your personal resources to help!
corny
My super hero
I like you

Just like the music you love does..wait...what...nevermind just live in your world, devoid of truth.
Your truly have a good heart @KingJames
I love a man.
Thank you ..I’m your devoted fan, as a person & player ..on the court & off . So very proud of you,from childhood til now ,an amazing person  & life  you have & are portraying ! Love & prayers are sent to you from my corner of the world.
Awesome
Drive with Uber and use code @Uber
I’m sure @KristineLeahy will find some way to knock you for this.

Thanks you 
Shut up and dribble
International women's day
Bro u did that 3pt
0
I came to you game

Thank you Lebron! We appreciate & love you always King!
The sweetest, & on behalf of all the single mothers, we appreciate it.
What special interests or lobbyist is behind U #QueenJames? @mavcarter
And for all the bitches that you might take Home. You got the Johnson’s baby powder and cool water cologne?
If you are a straight guy every day is international women’s day.
He posted this at 10:59"PM", so there's that.
Yo....what he said! Happy women's day!
Lebron your the best love you man
Thank you.  I pray God will bless you and highly favor you. Remember to give God the glory because he continues to grant you awesome talent and gifts.
In honor of International Women’s Day, I think every woman should tell a man to “just calm down”. 
I can't believe it! You have actually said something worth reading and listening too! Unbelievable, there is a god!
@degvusser
This is what happens when I try to be nice smh

Lol I am. Night.
Facts
"My cousin caught a body, another one was bodied, another one in prison tryna study up on Gandhi" something for my city,hope y'all like it  

We love your positivity king. Keep being an inspiration! #LLTK
Go to Bed
#LeBronToPittsburgh
Rock that purple and gold next season bruh
Fohhhhhhhhhhh
I did that when the sun was up!!!!!!!!!!!!

WhT about ur daughter?!?? Sheesh!!!!!
Hey Lebron I’ve always wanted to see a game and watch you play and get a picture and autograph you my favorite player but a guy can dream
You’re a tool
#YouRock
Complete the process 
@BenSimmons25 @JoelEmbiid
