To Be A Black Girl  #BlackHistoryMonth 
LeBron play basketball
#BlackExcellence 
#BlackLightning #BlackPanther #BlackMenSmiling  "Ghetto Hymns"  

Someone sadly posted in Black History Month that we have MLK Day & asked why don’t we have Billy Graham day? It floors me people don’t get it. One fought & died for equal rights. The other did something that’s been the easiest thing ever in this country. Be a white male Christian

DAWG NATION HELP ME OUT 

PLEASE RETWEET!!!!

…
Really? So when them hip hop rappers are calling them hoes bitches etc, and I’m sure you listen to this music on those headphones you wear, are they special? Don’t be a hypocrite. Also you say you mean too much to society to jus dribble. Really, look in the mirror. Play ball
Shut up and dribble.

Yo también te amo
https://youtu.be/2SLK02W_r2Y 

My YouTube comments say otherwise lol 
Lebron James if You Cared You would PREVENT  @akronschools KIDS
ASSAULTING Teachers! @KingJames WHY are #iPromise AKRON Students ASSAULTING Teachers & WHY they worship #Antifa

Parkland Fl Nicolas Cruz iS #AltRight DEMOCRAT used #GunFreeZones to Kill

#guncontrol NOT the answer
Russian Trollbot

How come you don’t give @RealCandaceO any love? She’s an exceptionally smart and beautiful black woman trying to make a real change.
I have SO much R E S P E C T for you LeBron!!!  I love you as my Ohio homie AND as an athlete, but I love you even more as a LEADER!!  You ARE more than an athlete!!  THANK YOU! Yara, YOU are nothing short of AMAZING!!! Young Gifted and Black!!! 

Cool
O/M/G.... What a special man you are!!! Thank you, @KingJames, and God bless you and your beautiful family. 
Not Even Ohio listens to you.
hey @KingJames you are amazing and what you stand for is amazing and my best friend is in love with you, and he’s never been to one of your games... plz help
Bron Bron what's up

NEW VIDEO!! "The Left Thinks Black People Are Stupid". Watch the full video here: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KrwmLH8QD7I … 
Is that why you yelled at your mom to “sit your a** down” during a playoff game... or wait, when u repeatedly dropped the F-bomb in front of them and their kids at Cavs victory parade??... or make videos saying F*ck people u don’t like??.....
#ShutUpAndDribble
And another #racist comment from you #smh
What about half black women?
Happy new year！
#LoveleiGymnast #1stPlaceGymnast #OlympicDreams #DreamBig
Why is pigmentation so important to you??

A white woman told LeBron James to shut up and dribble.
Shout out to all white girls out there.
All of you are special? Wow
I feel ya!  My feelings got hurt by mean @IngrahamAngle !!

She should shut up and not read the TelePrompter doesn’t take a genius to read from one as we can all see now
No such thing as Black History Month.
You could just be a woman or a person..labeling yourself and then wonder why people focus on the labels you're so proud of.
I think everyone who’s a decent human who treats everyone who deserves it with respect are special. #equality4all
Why is there no white history month ? Osnt that racist ?
Why is she a "Black Woman" and not referenced as a woman? Constantly identifying yourselves as Black or White creates division. I thought we wanted unity in this country?
I was going to suggest that @KingJames and @YaraShahidi should connect on educating young people about the importance of midterm elections and that their individual voices do matter. Also help them understand how the administration’s policies impact their lives.
You support white pride too?
#uneducated  This is why u go to college
Friendly reminder given LeBron’s comments today that the LA police told @outkick they still have zero evidence of any racist graffiti at LeBron’s LA mansion. https://www.outkickthecoverage.com/los-angeles-police-no-info-six-months-later-lebron-racist-graffiti/ …
I love black women too!
Will blacks ever stop the violence? I think not
The other problem, too, is that you still have to account for the much  lower  arrest rate of Asian Americans - if the system is as racist as BLM claims, why isn’t it racist against all non-whites?
#4everblack4everstrong

You are entitled to your opinion just like everyone else. Not never forget you are just a dancing bear
Awesome !!!
To be a white girl is just as special
No where did he say it wasn’t. Move along.
“tO Be A wHitE gIrL iS jUsT aS SpeCial”
LeBron if you're  going to tweet learn how to spell, you may want to go back to high school and graduate or at least get your GED, your racism is showing, and your're sounding like a d umb as s.
Shut up and dribble!!!!.......you lost two fans in this household. President has done more for African Americans in one year of service than Barack Obama did in 8 years.
Didn't know needed black history month. Whens white history month?  Aren't you American ? Why keep talking about racism just going to continue
TY LeBron for the RT.
I love all women!
Thank u 4 ur voice your courage to b a leader in TRUTH over POWER
RACISTS

Love this! #blackpower #intelligence
Great Role Model for young girls!!
You are a really BIG LOSER 

@POTUS Trump is the new Constantine, as him, he took up the cause of Christianity and won! With mutual benefit and for the blessing of all the American people!…
#LoveOurWhiteWomen as well.
So true and worth listening too over and over #LoveOurBlackWomen
Sorry Faux News is coming at you now LeBron, but NE Ohio LOVES you!  You do alot for our schools, and YOUR opinion on politics counts as much as the Laura Ingram's; don't let racist journalists tell you any differently!!!  Keep on telling us like it is!
العبد عبد ولو طليا بالذهب يا ليبرون يا حبيبي
All women from all races have had to do it all at some time because all races have been enslaved. If you ever actually picked up a book you would now that blacks enslaved blacks right here in the US after the civil war. Get a clue
While I applaud your support of black women does this excuse your rudeness to a white young woman? Common courtesy says you hold doors open for people behind you! Not drop them in their faces...pay attention to your surroundings sir:/
and just keep your butts in those seats...
Songs dedicated-------to uplifting black women

VIDEO http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8209205/1/ …
more color more happy
Black is the best
Guess wht woman suck ! Why do you hate white people ?
40M followers and only 137 replies.. really shows your followers care anything else about u besides your dribbling
Thank you LeBron #RealMenSupportWomen
Yep this is what we should do and always 
Thank you for not being afraid to speak truth to the oppressor
That young woman will be a leader! She is brilliant! I look forward to the day I can vote for her!
THANKS SON WE LUV U BACK LEBRON
I gotsta dribble a ball boss...

Agreed that's why it is important that young men treat women with respect and be responsible in the families they create. Strong role models
Shut up and Dribble.
that's true
Byrd was asked how many blacks he lynched he replies, " I cant recall, that was some time ago" Google Hillary Clinton&Robert Byrd and see for yourself She called black youths evil, lack empathy, when asked why she supported crime bill that incarcerated blks passed by Bill Clinton
every1 love black girls. I get 3 when feel like slapping some booty. LBJ shut up n dribble.
I love black women too.While that dope LBJ is running stealing n shooting (haha) I banging 3 Black biches at 1/2 $
Beautiful! So proud of you

I would like to see where our country stands on the question.

1. Do we need more gun control.…
America doesn't give one fuck about your 12th grade opinion on political policy. We love your basketball skills. One can smash the other quickly. Carry on. #Trump
In case you weren't aware, we have the lowest African American unemployment rate ever. Thanks @potus. Better to give inner city kids a promising future than selling them overpriced Nikes that they cannot afford by certain athletes.
#shutupanddribble
YESS, SOO INTELLIGENT, TALENTED, and SMART THANK YOU
Will you please just shove that Laura chick in a locker and take pics of your houses and cars, then ask her to send a pic of her car and house? Winner, done
Thank you @kingjames. I receive that. 
NOBODY CARES ABOUT THIS LIBERAL BLACK CRAP EXCEPT....you guessed it.... BLACKS!!!  All I know is President Donald Trump DESTROYED everything that Piece of Sh*t Barack HUSSEIN Obama liked or loved and it warms my heart knowing @KingJames is sad or angry about it hahahahaha 
新年快乐，小皇帝。
翻墙快乐
@KingJames you will always be more of a leader, more of a KING, and more of a man than Donald Trump will ever be. Thank you for all that you do.
#BlackGunsMatter 
#2ANow
You are a racist. All women / men of all colors are beautiful. What if a white guy said that about white women?
Lol "Shut Up and Dribble"
Shut up and dribble punk.

Who ever has Verizon or sprint hit my line
Thanks @KingJames
White Lives Matter #Whitehistorymonth
#LOVEALLWOMEN #IDIOT #pedophile #Cannibal satan freak
Thank you for speaking truth to power
Shut up and dribble... maybe one day you'll be as good as Jordan.
Someone sounds salty! Suck it up.
By the way shahidi means a witness in Swahili. Just thought y'all should know.
nice  words
Man did Laura Ingraham hurt your feelings???!! Did your little buddy Wade have to stick up for you because you couldnt comprehend what she was saying? Perhaps if you had finished high school you would be smarter than a shoebox.
It's messed up how U say Donald Trump don't care about people when actually it's people like U that don't give a shit about people U turned your back on your team twice what else U turned your back on and now U teaching your kid all the wrong things bad habits money won't help
Unemployment for African Americans are the lowest ever recorded in history you're putting your own people down you don't like it because now they're making money and you just want to be much more Superior than everyone else you're useless now you're teaching your kids 2 B useless
Love Lebron so much. I officially STAN. Except when he plays my #Pacers lol
White people are special
That's dumbs
God bless The King!
You're trash
king don't fuck @ politics bro, get out u black ass from politics, don't break the codes, players just think to play good, to win, in soccer, basketball, etc, shit politics are big MAFIA,
Shout out to all the strong black woman throughout the world, as a black man I have the utmost respect for yall & all black man should because we entered this world through ur matrix-wound. So for every great man they had to come through a great woman, we love y'all 
Please respond to that ignorant woman @IngrahamAngle
It’s not racist to be black and proud but if this was a white pride post, you’d be under fire from everyone. #doublestandards #theworldwelivein #youarewhatswrong #youretheproblem
LeBron keep being positive and being you 
#allmyrespect #love
LeBron - Trump has given my family hope again! We are finally able to provide for our family!!!!
You should just shut up and dribble.  (Is dribble a basketball term?) 
@KingJames Thank you for being great everyday. It cannot be easy. #hero #rolemodel #neverslippin
#equality #cavs
Newsflash: White, Latino and Asian women are special too bron bron.  Racism is alive and well folks
Love you too
this!!!  Proud to be a Black Girl!
Only one king
Yes, and Jesus
merci c reciproque ne change rien lebron
Why does it have to be one sided ? Why not love everyone? We are all created equal. When we live that way. Things will be that way.
All women should be treated with respect. Not just African American women. If we are are going to do it. Let’s do it right. It’s not a black and white thing. It’s a respect thing. Quit putting people against each other. It’s a World thing.
You are way wrong. You have too much hatred in you to see a difference. Wake up. Every life matters.
It’s your ignorance that keeps these problems going. You say you want change but you really don’t. Wake up my man.
What did i say to make you think that i have hate in my heart? I’m a  Black female and you just proved my point. When has silence ever changed anything????
I never mentioned a race other than black. To be honest you started it and now your pissed. Promoting people does not cause division. Stop reaching and looking for negativity. 
If u don’t like it please block him and move on
And I was getting argued ZOWN about her not claiming to be black and her being Iranian 
Fuk king James. ...
That commercial you made don't mean shit to Donald Trump he's a Gemini just like Kwame Kilpatrick in there screaming ass mayor when New Orleans got hit with Katrina... now his lying ass is in prison and I'm screaming going to get that man no money in his hand....I'M ZODIAC...
Every Harlem Globetrotter from day one was either a Capricorn Taurus the Bull Pisces...... boy do your damn homework they could all play in the NBA... because that's all that's in the NBA dominating those three signs
Don't know who the fuck they are mr. Capricorn and there's millions of Capricorns... LL Cool J John Legend Mary J Blige I can go on and on... you're not special you just born in January with that fucked up goat look.... just like Steve Harvey you're not special....
I agree and support this message! The great thing about black girls is that they turn into Black Women! Love you Braya! 
You don't even understand you look just like our Kelly so what does that say to you you got the same personality as R Kelly... and then you going to grow up looking like Darryl Dawkins... open up you a big ass building and let me run it.... I understand personalities these kids
Triggered racists incoming 
Get this witch craft out of here and go on about your day.
Don't come around here playing.......NO MO
Hey bro I was just thinking how nownwould be a good time to have a one on one interview with the #LauraIngraham this has to stop and fighting won’t do it! Im mad as hell but we seen this before if you got time take her ideas down 1v1 #chess
Retweet this! 
Thirsty ass


Thank you!  . LeBron...must respect. 

We love you 
@KingJames you’ll never read this but I wanna thank you for always speaking what’s real and not holding back. Thank you King.
Maybe the king of my sphincter. I’m sorry is that mean. I mean it in a nice way.
