Bronny showing out 
Bronny goin to Ohio State
He already has a full ride offer to Duke and UK though lol
I already know bro but i jus got this feelin he gone put on for his dad’s home state
I mean yeah I’d love to see him go there because it’d be really cool. I just don’t see it happening as much as I’d wanna see it happen too
I agree
I guess they told him to change his sneakers mid-game :o
Lmao I didn’t even notice that
Showin out fa sho!
Bron, little is coming for you bro. He got skillzzzzzzzz. Do you rich will sign him . Can’t wait to see father and don faces each other on live 
So handsome !
Keep going son, very fond players who can break down def. of the dribble and sees the floor
Gonna need you to stay in the league till he’s in the league so I have someone to root for
Stop posting this

hello
Young KING Balling
Love great passers and players who can break down defenses off the dribble, keep going u r almost the entire package
How old is his son here? Bron doesnt seem old enough to have a kid that old to me but man I guess bron been in the league awhile now... Crazy how fast time flies man
Yeah, Bron is 33, LOL
Wow time flies
How old will we feel when we're watching Bronny and Zaire Wade play in the NBA? LOL
Yep that for sure will be drafted even if they can't ball like their fathers but I hear they're both pretty good
My middle name is Joy and my Mom’s name was Joy. 
Please come to Philadelphia GOAT
Looks good, not sure how old he is but one thing you gotta stop is that 1 black shoe/white shoe thing. Looks like he’s playing with a air cast on his foot.
I go on here to see if anyone said why he did that?
It's the equality shoes lebron wore this year.
Ok , cool  point now I know why thanks.
As he should 
LeBron James has now 81 assists in the last 7 games (11.6 APG). #NBA  #AllForOne
SPORTS REPORTING THE WAY IT WAS MEANT TO BE DONE... UNCENSORED, UNCUT, AND STRAIGHT TO THE POINT... AND HIGH AS SHIT!!! DONT BE THE LAST ONE TO CHECK IT OUT!!! http://youtube.com/watch?v=8po0S7 …
Bronny will be greater than Jordan and The King 
Woah
SPORTS REPORTING THE WAY IT WAS MEANT TO BE DONE... UNCENSORED, UNCUT, AND STRAIGHT TO THE POINT... AND HIGH AS SHIT!!! DONT BE THE LAST ONE TO CHECK IT OUT!!! http://youtube.com/watch?v=8po0S7 …
emmm   he looks like Jordan.
The golden carpet is laid out fa da young bull all he gotta do is follow the path 

Coach Joyce is counting the days I bet.

SHOP THE LINK #BROTHERBANKMILLIONAIRES #BROTHERHOOD #ILLUMINATI #CHOSEN
Have some class when talking about our country and president.  You can help kids that respect you learn a positive way to express themselves va more hate.  Agree to disagree with class, try it and be a leader.
Respect has to be earned. Trump doesn't deserves anyone's respect for his despicable behavior and obsessive lying.
Disagree
The passes are awesome! Kid is already fun to watch
Good king Love u Rings we need
Improve all lo
#PHILLYWANTSLEBRON
Good job lil bron!!!!!
Hi lebron , just ordered your mvp shirt from the All-Star game !!!!!!!! How about we don’t go under but over pick n rolls
hey LBJ man u are my best basketball player u are great
Yesterday during the spurs game the refs should have given u the shots man cmon
LBJx2
His kid is beast #StriveForGreatness @KingJames
Love you King sick pap simpleminimum  normal
Lebron they @ you don’t have it
Looks good!
How anyone, of any race, any American could be critical of the Trump admin,&not critical of the Obama admin when it comes to real actions. President has done way more for Americans, blacks, whites,hispanics in 1year then former pres did in 8 as a matter of facts&numbers dont lie.

Young 
Witness a New King maybe?
Stop losing to the spurs
Hard work pays off!!!
Keep showing him the game bro....you and MJ co 
You must don't know my shoe size itsz auh 8.5 did you get 4:44 too @LBJ @KingJames @aLbertaaLbertxy Monday 26
Greatest of All.
shut up and dribble @KingJames
wsnd
Lebron Ima big fan, but bro can u tell me what's up with the starting line up, it should u, Jeff green, nance, hood at the two and hill or clarkson at the point, tyronne lue I must say has done an horrific job rotating players, tell the front office to fire lue and hire mrk Jkson
Brony
Ifb
Inherited skills.  Now I really believe there is something to this DNA Thing. #goBronnygo
@KingJames your the best ever
LeBron and jr are going to play together in the nba
The Young King!! 
Dunk that shit!


https://paypal.me/pools/c/81LGIFMLnV …

Lebron I know you probably get a lot of people asking for this or that. Im looking to uplift our community(Pittsburgh, Pa) by service. If you could any contributions to the cause I appreciate. Even if its a word of encouragement.
@TyMaverick28
Hey Bron. Still waitin on word about The Wall. Could ya help me out ? Please ? Go Cavs !!!
Love that Boy!!


https://www.change.org/p/mitch-mcconnell-its-about-time?recruiter=859564423&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=psf_combo_share_more.nafta_milestone_share_ask_victory.control … please forward to all your fans. This cause needs people like you.
WOW! Just 2C this Rare Footage of LB’s Son
Is dedicating your life to hating on people in Twitter replies fun? Because that’s kinda sad honestly
@Bhustlaaa it’s happening
When we gonna see the jam instead of the jelly? @KingJames
You’re a great father and a role model to young children. Keep up the good work.
He showed up on that drop step... good ish bronny
He’ll come off the bench at Malvern
Work!!!!!
You should get the rights to Funk 49 by the James Gang and remix it for your warm ups. They were from Ohio too
Putting in the work.
@LandonBeamon11 #JamesGang 
You and yr son rly look alike #JamesGang #StriveForGreatness
But of course!
JELLY ROLLLLL
What a beast!
That kid is going to be special
You are the best in my heart,you have a great influence in my growth.I like you very very very,I am a chinese college student ,thanks lerborn!
How old is Bronny?  Kids got game, but looks small
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE U CATCH A ALLEY OPP FROM JR. ONCE HE IN THE LEAGUE. THAT WOULD BE AMAZING TO PLAY ATLEAST ONE YEAR TOGETHER
We pay to watch you play basketball and shut up.
I would cut this idiot
This kids wearing 2 different LeBrons, he's ozzing swag
I am a chinese,I like you 11years,you are the best!
How old is your son?
13 yrs old
Damn
勒布朗，我爱你
#you have every bit to be proud ....Ps. If you didn’t have no one hating on you that mean you’re not doing anything  (Keep Ballin)
kobe cry 
Bronny is cold
The future belongs to the youth with wisdom of the old
@LeandroJesus_pe
You the man king but I think Bronny gonna be better he’s a beast already we need him on the Knicks 
What they say bout the apple and the tree? 
#ballyoungmanball
My son own are toment
i just wna know if bronny gets pe shoes? since well he is wearing his dad’s shoes
used to wait for @WalshJesuit bus on same bus stop with Sarah Caswell and Yuri Cambell who were waiting for @OldTrailSchool bus.  If u stay in @Cleveland will Bronny go to St V or  Walsh which us closer to your mansion?
Thanx king James....together we stand as a people...divided we fall as a race.
Janes boss you are so cool
垃圾詹
Cool！！
Fortunately the apple does not fall far from the tree! Go Bronny
Bron and Bronny be like...
Hasta los 16 años le podemos sacar el pasaporte dominicano para k esté en nuestra selección
Looks good, but, what happened to fundamentals??
Two hand passes, no scoop layups, hands up on defense
@sgbennett93  wonder how many scholarships he’s gonna get
Nearly as many as me
Like father like son. Kings make Kings. Respect
I'd love to see that a son dunk above his father'head.
GOD BLESS HIM AND CANT WAIT TO SEE HIM PLAYING IN THE NBA
Crazy to think all of these kids now will be in documentaries about these very games 10 or so years from now.
Wonderful!! Just like senior!
Championship
I know you are proud. One day he will be wearing your jersey #23!! And he will wear it proud!! Thank you for being home in Cleveland. Love you tons!!
The chosen one part 2
Nice
Future malvern prep student
@16SamuelGagnon @TristanBonnot @GabGibeau @PatTremblay_
Bron, tell me u ain’t seen zazas “trip” on Westbrook 
wonderful boy
FILAYYYYYYYY
Anti gun Lebron enjoying guns.
itungannya sotoy anjir anak lo
Look out, world- he’s got it!
@TheMikeBrandy not only are you gonna have to deal with king James, but you’ll have to deal with Prince James too, young Bron has some serious skills
“Bath Old Trail” we played them back in the day. John Martin was their BMOC. Work out Bronny!
Hey big Bron, I would love to attend your games, I love sports. Make my dream come true
Just like his dad, his going to be a great player, he was in the same camp with my lil cuz in Houston.
You are blessed sir. God is great!! Congrats on having an amazing son. I know the feeling my son is the best. #BeTheBest
Fruits and salads better health lift run yoga too it works yoga training
James gang was black cowboyswho terrorized everybody showed how to  deep breath let out slow as you can thru the nose take a lap round the gym deep breath slow very slow let out thru nose  then take 2 laps while practicing this old school track training if you can control yo wind
Got to run run run basic balling wins watch but getting ready run run runner run and run till you get tired take 30 seconds like time out run run runem to death go easy not to sprain or injury but CAVS GOT TO GET USE TO RUNNING TOUCH SHOOT MAKE THE THREE EASY
No Question gotta run runner to they hurt and run some more remember go hard in the paint TV ANOUCERS ARE EVEN SAYING IT TOO FRUIT DIET KEEPS YOU IN SHAPE LESS FATS TRIMM THE FAT REASON TO RUN RUN RUN IS DUE TO WARRIORS AND HOUSTON AND TORONTO ESPECIALLY THEM NUGGETS MILE
Those headphones are litty again
Jelly 
Wow he is his fathers.
How does his shoe keep changing colors
To bad you do more harm than good with your political ignorance. Focus on help not hate.
I just can't wait for the day to see @KingJames play Bronny in the NBA!!! Sorry King,  I will have to put my money on Bronny. But until that day, I will always cheer for you.
Shoe game too tight for the Prince
@HoopMixOnly NO1 pick in 2024 draft
Hey @KingJames is his vision better than yours at this age ? 
A little king is coming soon
Looking good Bronny!
Momma James in the building
I love y'all family so much!
God bless you all!
My other one. #StriveForGreatness
I have me two of those 12 yr olds. (twins) If your boys come to LA @NotreDame High School they will play together. #StriveForGreatness #wepromisetoo
期待你的决定三
#I’llbeatyouandyoursoninbasketball
A chip off the old block.
https://soundcloud.com/user-997699199/on-time … #gamesong

Those handles though! 
All hail the king
Proud

Ayo LeBron yo son shoot better three's than you. Good stuff
 doesn’t fall far from 
Proud to see you do this king . Keep doing your thing! #StriveforGreatness
Can I be in the James gang, Dad?
That young man right there is going to be great watch whay I tell you
Like Father Like Son
Strive For Success & Greatness
That's so great! Such a great example of a supporting father!! #striveforgreatness
Sad he has to wear headphones.
@HoopMixOnly keep up the good work. I'm doing it on this end!!!
@djdj8888 @LoveinfinityD

Ballin’

That's what   leaders do!
great
# l.  @shady2jazzy l
Checkout these other 8th graders https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KeilkLN1xs … put Bronny with the competition so you can measure his progress
@Jcobba90
That hop step though 
What grade is he now?
Would be awesome seeing father coaching up son with Cavs#TheLand #AllForOne
