With his 8,000th assist tonight, @KingJames is now the lone member of the 30K/8K/8K club. #StriveForGreatness 
Yay! You are the man!
Congratulations idol ....
Mileny Bernardo  a fogosa

I'm a Chinese.l love you
Hoping you come play for the Houston ROCKETS.  You, Harden and CP3.  3 Great dudes!
What a  King 
You can do what Michael, Wilt, Kobe, Kareem, Magic, Larry, Bill have never done...win the first NBA title outside of the USA!! #Raptors #TDot #FreeAgent #GOAT #StriveForGreatness
Man , LBJ would have been the greatest Aussie rules player ever. Love watching him play basketball though and that coming from Philly fan. Go Ben Simmonds
Still a cry baby ass bitch
Good
Can y'all start winning. It's embarrassing to watch the Cavaliers
.
@KingJames destroying every one love you man
You suck just stop bro you ruinning the internet you should be ksi brother like just stop the cavs suck warriors for life you can call me a bandwaggen but half your fans are bandwagens and stick with a team arealdy bro losing fans by the moment
Great night only player ever haters
Congratulations in making a new category for yourself
@KingJames Congratulations! My 14 year old son looks up to you and has a dream of playing in the nba. He really looks up to you, and I don’t mind that at all!
Idol @KingJames im your no. 1 fan

Ma'am that's that man!!!
And then both of you shimmy off to Philly come summertime!
Your the best LeBron!!!
Yes it was, your the best LBJ!! My favorite!!!
That it was and great to be there and WITNESS!!!!
40,000 11,000 11,000 by the end of your career calling it now
King James and @BenSimmons25 -AKA- Sim-City
Waiting for your arrival in Philadelphia @KingJames
And don’t forget about @JoelEmbiid !!!
No doubt post season is gonna be super challenging though new team mates all kinds of enthusiasms.Dont lose yourselves in it dont mean to micro manage yall gotta stay with the frey adapt to each and every game and to each and every player encourage each other and the coaches!!!!!
You inspire me to play the game of basketball @KingJames they way you pass is something serious...

Congratulations @KingJames for being the first to reach 30k points, 8k assists, and 8k rebounds. How does it feel being the only one in that club?   #StriveForGreatness #GOAT
Keep doin your thing Us #OHIO fans We All In!! #KingJames4Life
Greatest Of All Time No Ifs Ands Or Butts  Boy!!!!

The King is going for 40k/10k/10k!!!
How come you don’t post stuff like this when you play like ass? 
@kingjames they giving y'all  a 13% chance to come out of Eastern Conference what a disrespect to the king
Awesome accomplishment @KingJames Proud to be from same hometown! Thanks for being a great person on AND off the court! Congratulations! #30K/8K/8k
30K-8K-8K.....like, how is that even possible?
Black Panther
Keep striving
I bet you don’t win the finals
Congrats @KingJames always a true professional on and off the court! Go Cavs!
@MichaelPhelps may be literally a fish, but you're literally a GOAT! Congrats KING!
Did u congratulate ur self again young 
30/8/8 don’t mean a thing without the Rings.
3. Rings.
I can only count to 6. Not sure if Lebron can though.
Miracle on！！
Congratulations!! 
You are a legend!
#NoWords
Congrats baby!
 #StriveForGreatness #TheKing
Outstanding accomplishment....Keep it going.。
you are the est ive got all your shoes your the man
Awesome young man!  Always strive for greatness and see those that follow.  One voice, one action, many to follow.  You are a great example for our young to follow @KingJames thank you for being a leader
Goat
U R THE ....There Is No Other
What an AMAZING PRICELESS BB JOURNEY I have been Privy to WITNESS #KINGJAMES 
King lives
I saw you yes it was
What can I say, THE KING is GREAT. Keep up the good work.CONGRATULATIONS SIR JAMES.
lebron definitely the only player all time great that celebrates HIMSELF for anything other than a championship. even stans gotta admit that.
SHEEEEESH!!!!!
It’s amazing
Congratulations
The GOAT
Congrats
He is my hero 
yaasss king
Idc what Lebron has done or does the rest of his career . Stop trying to compare him or belittle this mans doings . He’s one of the best hands down. Every time he does something great someone tries to be like oh but did he do this ? Can he do this ? Who cares.  Do you BRON !!
Great Job King
very niubility
Don’t break your arm patting yourself on the back. You’re a great player but people don’t like you because all you do is talk about how great you are. Humility is a great characteristic as well.
“I just want to take this moment to congratulate my 17 year old self on this incredible accomplishment”
Grow up josh 
You have to stop congratulating yourself.
Congratulations LBJ...I knew you would accomplish great things when I saw you play in Akron...  History made!!!!!
Congratulations! You are gathering lots of milestones this year!! #ProudFan
Awesome! Congratulations!
Self proclaimed GOAT . Smdh 
appreciate the greatness KING
Keep it up you are truly a inspiration king of akron
Wow this Leclown is so humble!
#ShutUpAndDrible
And still behind MJ, Kobe, Magic, Kareem, Bird, Durant, Akeem, Wilt, Oscar, Jerry West, Dennis Rodman, Charles Barkely...because these players had heart. James trails Wilt, Kareem, Rodman, Akeem, and so many in rebounds and block shots. I would put James as no. 250.
The real Mvp
my dawg 

extraterrestre MVP LEBRON
Keep it going Mr.King
That’s my favorite player can’t wait until I get out of AIT so I can come to some of your games
GOAT
Congrats King!!!
The Lone Wolf !!! Great Job KJ !!!
Incroyable carrière 
WOW!! Just WOW!!
Greatest player of all time


Never really been a fan of LeBron. I’ve bought his shoes and even showed a little respect before but last nights game showed me how he’s admired by fans, teammates and coaching staff! One Michigan man to an Ohio man you’re one of my favorite players now!#GOAT#StayHumble#Sacrifice
Love you dog and you one of the goats but YOU CAN'T FINISH, YOU DON'T WIN CHAMPIONSHIPS.
Sooooo he didn’t win 3 rings, 3 finals mvps and hit the game sealing shot in game 7 vs SA and the game sealing free throw in a game 7 of the same series in which he lead the finals in every category? Ok.
Yo ugly, Not a LeBron hater you got the wrong idea but, you ugly that's for sure. I said some things I shouldnt of said to the king and apologize to you ur holiness @KingJames. All in the heat of the moment over the philly and lebron thing. Buy don't want him in Philadelphia ever
My guy LeBron keep doing what you doing
I agree with you you are the best
All hail the King !
The most insecure and high maintenance superstar that ever lived.
You are the best 
congrats GOAT please help trend  http://bit.ly/2F1aQiy 
Congrats LeBron & more than stats, thanks for your Foundation & political work & all that you & your family do for the CLE/AKRON community. Much more than dribbling - so, Thank You!
Congrats! It’s been great watching you play over the years. 
That LeBron James isn't so bad..one of the all-time Greats..Yep
Way to be humble
Happy for you
DaBestOfDaBest  congrats King James !
Come meu cu
Man so humble. Dork
 just make sure yaw turn up the aggressive d in the playoffs. Hood needs more shots too & green needs less unless he's driving 

GREAT DOES NOT BEGIN TOO DESCRIBE YOU         LBJ
Congratulations!! Well deserved


CRAZY to think LeBron James is gonna finish 40K/10K/10K 
Way to tweet yourself loser
AWESOME 
And a W!

Interesting how neither Kobe nor Jordan are on this list since they’re suppose to be leaps and bounds better than LeBron
Cause they on the list about rings my dude
the best what else to say !!
What hppened last night

please reveal the secret about how u maintain ur body! every athlete wants to know 
The LONE member!!!!!!?? WTHECK!!!!??? No one else!?? Are they serious!!!? NO ONE!!!???? #GREATNESS 
Congrats LeBron!
Good players tell others they're great. Great players get told they're great.
G.O.A.T.


Congratulations! Let's go @KingJames
Congratulations!!! Continue to strive for greatness and being a great leader. Thank God you do more than just "dribble and shoot".
Congrats my brother! You are definitely the G.O.A.T #hatershateon
Your the greatest ever
King James has spoken
Best ever #GOAT 
@KingJames Only player ever with +30K points +8K assists +8K rebounds ...ONLY PLAYER EVER. 
Yep! Almost lost to a  Nets team! Congrats King of complaining!

我是一名中国球迷，喜欢你6年了！！！真的真的很崇拜你，希望你能带领骑士拿下总冠军！！I am your fans from China! I admire you for six years! I really love you! LBJ!I hope that I can see you next year in Beijing where my school locates after you lead cavaliers get the championship!!
Lebron please buy out @cavsdan he is terrible owner that I have ever seen
Come to the Nets
My husband is a HUGE fan! We are driving 6 hours to see you play in Phoenix March 13th!
DWade was on  last night 
Congrats Bron,  keep breaking those records!!
Congratulations LeBron!  #StriveForGreatness  and of course... #StayMe7o
Hey @KingJames your are my favorite fan, I watch all your games. I want to travel to see a game and meet you in person. Everytime my husband ask me what I want for my bday I say I wanna meet @KingJames
Did Michael Jordan accomplish that ??? Guess Not, Lebron James  Greatest Of All Time!!!!
THE BEST KING JAMES
STAT STUFFER.
Sheeeeeesh
Its only NETS  hahah
make it a triple double
My dude you beat the nets in you acting like you won the title I guess you no what’s gonna happen in June

Demais né?


my favorite player
Only top 5 superstar that has to be told that’s he’s great
Dope. Keep it up, LeBron.
DAD
Please come to Philly bro. We’ll love you and tell you every single day we promise.

Individual accolades are good but your finals record matters more or at least it should. LJ 3-6, MJ 6-0. I know who I'm taking

King 
Amazing! Been a privilege watching you play.
Long live the 
I’m looking forward to you continuing your greatness with the @sixers next season!

Welcome to #BlackCardRevoked 
Heated edition 

Q1. What is the go to family dance at events
MJ is still the man
He was and never be as self promoting as you are
Wade better
Maybe in a different life he is batter not in this one!!!!
Living Legend 
Not the HS GRAD..LMAO at whatever her name is#Strivr to be great Straight outta HS.
Been following LeBron since high school. He's a beast and seems to be getting better. When you in Columbus hit me up , meet up at Grandmas house.
U've won again @KingJames
@robinlundberg eh @KingJames is taken IN a  Loss again
