Bright lights, big city. The "Hollywood" LeBron 15 releases tomorrow at select @footlocker stores. #approved 


@KingJames Shoe Game 


@Lil_Bell23 coldest shoe in the game bro!!!!!!
Those cool but naa Brodie I will not say he got the best shoes in the game
Besides Jordan Who else??? Haha
Kobe PG harden kd dame Kyrie iverson oh and can’t forget about BIG BENNS !!!
Lmfaoooooooo u had the Big Bens 
Lmaooo I know that’s why they on that list 
Lmfaooooo
Such a Fresh Shoe
I need these in my life!!! 
Imma bust  @Ro_Breezy @osahrour
Too bulky
For basketball or for fashion cuz if fo basketball u on straight crack I’m hooping in them joints
Was it Handmade?
I wish I could get a pair  of those but my mom says I can't have boy shoes when I wrestle and play bb
Those are the ugliest shoes ever. I'd rather wear crocs.
Cute I want some 

so cool
Those are the ugliest shoes ever!! And I’m speaking for most Lakers fans WE DONT WANT YOU IN LA!! STAY IN CLEVELAND!!!
Attention to Details
I want to ball out not get balls in my mouth! Which is the only things these mass produced monuments to technological capitalism serve to do!
Bitch
Can you sent me
Fire




Fire because I just got 4 pair to hoop in
 fire
IS THE EASTERN CONFERENCE STILL CONSIDERED WEAK ???
Those have got to be the ugliest shoes in the history of shoes! @uglyshoes
They look fresh. I would buy them, but I don’t have the money.
Wanna hear a sad fact guys ? : In my country we don't have an NBA shop ...

Incoming bronsexuals...
I love how when LeBron loses its on him. But when he wins its all on somebody else. 
Bcuz The players win it for him
Look up his numbers in the 2016 finals and tell me again how othernplayers carried him. Dude put up all time great Finals numbers in 2016
Exactly LeBron was 1st in every stat in 2016 finals. But because he's a team player and let Kyrie hit the game winner then it's all Kyries fault
Lol... he just ran down and made the best block in finals history to save the game. He lead every single player in Both teams in Points,reb,blocks,steals,&assist..
All you remember kyrie hitting a shot with game ties. Lmfao. Haters got to hate.. do your job. You do it well #hater
Fresh like Ice Cream . This Shoe gat the Sauce
Yuck
LeBron don't go to LA, no matter what, Laval Ball will question your legacy with his son.
These shits Trash AF!
Icy bro 
Hollywood is in LA...ok it’ happening
Nice
给我一双好吗，我是你的粉丝。
Seu programa de recuperação de empresas é muito bom parabéns pela iniciativa
#@Taty_4713 
Since u and the team are L,A.Why weren't u guys at Tristan's birthday party last night he seem to be having a blast dancing the night away
Woooooooow!!!!
Why do those shoes have dry skin?
Copped! Call em my cotton candies, bubble gums, pepto bismols  thank u! http://Theblackjuice.com 
@KingJames your Lebron 7s and these are your best shoes. I begged my brother to wear the 7s to school 
Ewww
I don't know about these they kinda look like some KDs

My son will want these too
these are uglier than your chances to the title bron smh
Welcome to Hollywood  can’t wait to see you play live tonight #LBJ #kingjames #GOAT
Need these in lows please
Love those kicks
Send me a pair lol 10.5

Sign with Philly
The god.
LA
330
The style looks like @carmeloanthony M13 without air bubble 
Can you Imagine these shoes in a sleek gray, or a mesmerizing red and white, or even a deep outer space black and red. I know i can thats why you should join the rockets so you can see what I’m seeing.
These lebrons look like pink moscato straight  
King can i get a pair? I just found out i had gum on on my shoe last night.
Pink pink pink
Love the color
I’m sorry Bron, these are opposite of “fire”. Muhfuckers should be called the pepto-lebrons
Yup he’s going to LA.

He stole someones grams pantyhose to make these shoes? Wrinkled ball sack skin shoes
Them shits starting to look more and more like the KD joints. 
7   ‘s for how many finals you’ve lost
Awesome.....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XGu8VoIQbg&sns=tw … LeBron James more than a basketball player

Fuck China

Hey,man.l am your great fan from china,wish you keep good health towards last day.l always love you and support forever.
@KingJames good
把天赋带到洛杉矶
Seen releasing the new lebron’s where they need to be..
Im sorry Bron but these are ugly af lmfao 
Keyword “Hollywood” = LA
LeBron I got a person to swap The Equality 15 I have the white he has black I'm in Texas he in Maryland.. We both are inspired by your message and believe it's still a lot of good people doing good things in this world!! Thanks again!!
Looks like some old lady accidentally dyed her skin pink and then LeBron made a shoe out of her face
I’m wait the 16
Lol you think these are fire? They're possibly the worst colorway in your line.
Grandma shoes
Bron to LA?
Litttt

the “hollywood” aspect is perfect for Lakers game tom
Shameless & greedy, oh wait, don't forget pompous self-proclaimed king. I can't believe you're against Trump, against America. You love the Trump economy tho.
Ugliest things I’ve ever seen just saying
@JustineSaaalem
@Tatted_Chucks
Yeah already seen them a couple days back honestly..only lebrons i'd ever wear

I want them

@itsashley_cs 
Daaamn
LeBrons are ahead of its time. Believe that
KD shoes are better
Lebron do the league a favor and join the Oklahoma City thunder
Yuck
Obsessed.  @MrDanielFleenor
LeBron playing basketball next season confirmed.
Cool shoes
Zo PG BI Bron Randle = ShowTime 2.0 running every team out the gym 
@ZO2_ Give LeBron the free agency pitch on the court tomorrow. Brandon Ingram down you gonna need to put on for L.A.  #LakeShow #ShowTime2.0Coming
Writing on the wall
Want to have this kicks! #witness
@KingJames 
Please help us Hiathams is one of 200
Please help us he needs so much help 
Please read the article and please share for Hiathams sake he is your biggest fan!

Idk if I’m feelin those:(
Nice Kicks @KingJames
Black you #KingJames and all you do!
Those are hideous
Don't worry.  They'll have plenty of time for retakes if they don't perform like you in their new King of Clevelands.  Perhaps you could have some tiny print in the insole that reads: Of course individual results may vary.  Then they'll realize you had them on the first  take.
Están feos
Plaese regalame 1
Sorry @KingJames I don’t have time to make a pic with @Drake next to your shoes and next to the Jordans, but you know where I’m going with this 
Ankle sprains will be an all time high.
Oh crap, I like these.
Dope color way but the shoe design is trash
How many retweets for a free pair?
Gotta call them the LBJ Rozays
Stop tweeting and dribble #4seedbound
Do you ever check your Instagram?
Looks like something you and KD would wear.
love it
i like it
I’ll pass
damn

Join the Steelers #LeBronToPittsburgh
Nobody going church tomorrow just to cop these before they sell out
The Boss King's #TheLand
Nice! You go LeBron James! 
Those are the ugliest shoes I’ve ever seen.
Damn so 
say your Bronness, how about those Zoom 3s?
@LilCosta83  you like the best player I. The world ever @KingJames new colorways? Imma get them for you!!
I just want the South Beach 9s
When are they going to release the Fruity Pebble LeBron 15’s??? 
I’m coping first thing in the morning. Hottest 15s yet
Are wheat joints coming or have I missed this train
Them boys cold big dogg frfr.
LeBron 2 LA confirmed
James left the Knights so it's hard to get into the championship
Those are ugly. Won’t seem like it’s worth the price
素材はリオレイア亜種

Bladin jimmy
@KingJames u are close, kill the hater and get that chip this year,  show them it's still ur league. 
#lebronallday
Now I do like these, the color is sweeet
Damn thats a Sick shoe 
@Ebarz23
Hi LEBRON I'M AN TRUE TIME FAN OF THE CAVALIERS TELL YOUR TEAMMATES TO JUST TAKE THEM TO THE RIM YOU GUY'S WILL WIN MORE
Terrrrrrible
Needs gold shoestrings
Sheeeeeesh
Nice
I like those..Send me a pair 
Nice!!!
Wow  I need a pair so I can be a Hollywood swinger come on man
Wow @KingJames these are so unique the best design I've ever seen for women feet.
Lebron, my wife and I are flying to Cleveland from San Francisco, CA to see you play on the 23rd. I was too young to see Jordan play in person, I am blessed with the financial opportunity to see you. Could I get an autograph or picture with you?
I like how no is even talking about the actual subject of this post, this man can’t post anything without people saying/posting negative things
Those shoes have shingles...yuck
@bb_wolf55
Ouffff
Nice shoe design for my idol king james23 good always...
Man I need these ASAP
Lebron To Houston  
Can I get a pair? Size 11 please
Awesome  shoe.  ,just wish I could get a pair...Let's go cavs....
Just not a fan of shoes with fish scales on them.
Oraaaayt.
Buy so he gets those royalties !!!
I like them shoes
@issaogo


@joecavan need these!!
#DopeKick
No offense Mr. James but these kicks are hot garbage. As the young people would say, “What are those”!

Those are nice!!!!!
I love the Color.. This is so me!!
“Labia” Lebron 15s
@k_mrw_k  I NEED these... of course we don’t have a footlocker
Those shoes so ugly I think they gave me cancer! 
pls don't be a lakers, we don't need divas and idiots .
