 @JordanClarksons’ #NBAKicks in Miami! 
This jersey would be amazing on you next season lets make it happen King
Sick edit bro! 


Can’t argue with facts

JC and Bron to the heat confirmed
Drop to Lakes
Ayeee Lil drop back again yuhhhh realest the the game  
L



If you like Jordan, you’re gonna love the other Lakers.

go back to miami
W
Bron get off Twitter & warm up so you can drop this 50 piece 
Lebron back to Heat Confirmed!!!

Y’all ain’t gonna forget this performance Ima put on tonight  

LeBron to Miami #TheR6turn 
Ran out of gay things to say... smfh
#TwoSessions #全国两会 #钱旺 #钱宝 钱旺集团几十家子公司，有不合理就整改，说为了保护老百姓，很多方法解决，非的选择最残忍的一种，关停所有的企业，到底是保护还是在迫害，根本就不考虑老百姓死活，扣个非法集资的罪，一个非法集资企业，既然能存活7年，中国中小企业寿命也就三年。老百姓就是草芥
This pair of sneakers is cool
The 6eturn!!!
Those  shoes are lit
2018 COMEBACK
Don’t u got a game in 30 mins?
KISS ME DADDY KISS ME
With both pink and blue laces loose these was a grail back then
You was fire if you had these stamp
Ah bro focus we got a game
Mehmet Sanli live in Turkey. Age 23. A professional basketball player. It's been a disease to play in the NBA. He lives at the airport. "Send me to America, I will play basketball," he says. Insensitive stay is a good one. Find a favor with Cedi. Invite a game.
Whole time we were looking for a W. But since you left Miami you let @DwyaneWade win every trip 
Sheesh!
 TYPE BEAT
MY KING IS RETURNING LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO


Lebron can you pay one hover board I love hover board
Row...
My favorite lebronsI hoop in these. I have to get another pair to wear

You want 6  come to the beach brotha #Wooooo

I need these!!!!!!!  Fell in love with them years ago and then they were gone!!!  They are sexy!!!
@StayAphillyated
Instead of tweeting before the game you should’ve been game planning bc you getting smacked
@jamieennis29 

What shoes do u got on today tho? 
Bruh he toys with us lmao. Like when he was watching the heat game and also a lakers game
Come back king 
Cant wait to see you bring the heat to south beach 
New Video Out now By  @DFlowetry 

https://youtu.be/4meyFrM0wKw 
Retro these!
@JordanClarksons gonna get a ton of buckets  tonight. Those shoes are lit!
哇哇～加油，这场必胜
lebron 15 SOUTH BEACHES !!! INCOMING !!

Buy me Sean Wotherpoons pls
2 GOATS
Greatest ever
@fresh_daily92 throwbike
@Shawn015156 I think they’re Iglu af too be honest
Ugly

what are those seriously just curious
You gotta bring out “the block shot of the century” shoes and use that block shot as the logo.
U Suck at basketball I think
Wow ...
Is that south beach 9’s?
I know you said you think you’re too old to participate in the slam dunk contest on all star weekend... but the way you’re going over top of big men in the league this season...Think the fans would love to see it!
Nice
My lil  player 7th Grade loves Hyperdunks!     I hope Laura Ingraham gets FIRED! For her hateful comment.  My son starts football in a few months months and he has to be a three sport athlete to get a scholarship to college. Praying for NO injury, bullying, or defeat.
A little @Mariners flare?? By any chance?? You know you love the Sonics deep down but @cavs cut your check.
Mr. James, a 20 year old friend of ours has cancer and is in the hospital undergoing chemo and stem cell replacement. He is a huge basketball fan. Any chance you can send a fight cancer and get well selfie video to him? Thank you!! Send to bone7472@aol.com God Bless!
nice
Thank you sooooo much..and God bless you..we love you Lebron James
Hello im a big fan..I wtch evry sngle gme that you'll play..ur my idol..ur a legnd to me..if I cn hav a wsh frm u that's if ur gnna ask me..I wsh nd hope that mybe u can snd a vdeo mssage wshng me nd my partner on our wdding day..that's gnna be the mst happiest mment in our life
Dope shoes bro them nice
Stay in Cleveland a big fan from the Philippines
Lebron James I love when you dunk
#HeatLoveAlways

https://youtu.be/cL9DTCqmRto 


شاهد هذا الفيديو على YouTube:
ارجوووووووك ياغالي اسمع لهذا طلبتك لاتردني

Wow
GRAILSSSSS
@geswank  what’s the coincidence 
UGLY
Sick stuff tonight.  Not sure how anyone can dispute LeBron is one of the greatest ever to play the game.
Only a Fin LLLLLLLLLL like urself would use the media to win s MVP, just get a career ending injury already
LeBron (I get Buckets) James..
Yo that video of you shooting the M249 saw was bad ass that was my baby in Iraq  but why you being hypocritical
Come to LA. you want to seperate your legacy from all the others? Come to the den and get it with us.
#Toldyouso
Can you say HYPOCRITE?
Fire
Should get the Kyrie 4s as they look nicer.
Looks like a little Pink & Green.  Good Choice.  
My favorite pair and I couldn’t get em at the time bc I didn’t have the coins
Those are cold
The 9s were your best shoe..
Your best kicks
Come on Lebron the sweetest ones and they only make em for you 
Part time basketball player. Full time shoe salesman. How much for those ugly things?

Those are SMOOTH!
— because when we as fans talk about the GOAT in basketball, we don't mean the best player ever, ... Here's why LeBron James is the best NBA player of all time but not the ...
https://www.foxsports.com/.../lebron-james-michael-jordan-greatest-best-all-time-nba- …...
@NBA @JordanClarksons nice
@NBA @JordanClarksons
Those SoBe 15s are something I really want in my life. Please sell them!
Keep killin bro
@Palmeiras o maior do Brasil
All that activitism does not mean sh*t.          It does not hurt the power that be.                 Start skipping 1 game, 2 games, 3 games.     Then, they’ll have no choice but to react.

A ship too far.
I understand its Latin month in the NBA, but is it just me or do you match your shoes to the,opposing team? And yes I know these are clarkson, but them shoes versus trail blazers?
More worried about damn shoes than actually winning a ball game. What a joke
Ugly af

Those are hott
The socks look like Cavs socks! Funky shoes
Those are okay
Do you do lady's shoes too, king? There could be a sic-com in your future.
 them joints is #SuperWack 
I don’t understand the “sneaker game”. Those have got to be the ugliest shoes I have ever seen 

New song out Thanks for the support thus far you guys are amazing  this songs for the people who’ve gone through or is going through depression.  https://soundcloud.com/ykn-aaron-4-10/low-prod-kid-ocean …
Hey LeBron.... The E. Cleveland three will be at your game next month it would mean the world if they could meet you. It’s 3 young men who did 20 years  for a crime they did not commit.
Nice
Miami waiting for you
My grade 5 PYP exhibition boys would like to interview you about diet and fitness for their project. It would mean a lot if they could interview you. Thank you
like
Sheesh
Lebron Outchea wearing and sporting new sneaks but that ain't helping the Cavaliers win games. Put on some Chuck Taylor Allstars and do the damn thing.
Come to L.A my bro
Lebron, Los Angeles needs a Superstar like you reignite the fire in the City Of LA we need a winner, come to The Best City in the World the city of Angles, help build us a winner for years to come & set your Legacy
Best south beach kicks
He can wear those shoes but we won't forget that kids heart be broke, not wanting to give a AG.
Nice kicks my man...but it’s time to lose the beard. It had a good run, but it’s spring, time to go.
@gcarosella93
How they work out for you

Wonder if those things caused the loss 
@scottcenriquez SHEESH
Yes!

KD is better than you

Retro pleaseeee  To young and broke to get these when they released 
Can we get some rereleases of these?
Not Stylish,,what now??
You play like  in them tho 
Most comfortable shoe to wear while cutting hair
https://m.facebook.com/groups/297140760642664?view=permalink&id=639975003025903 …
LBJ this is your time!
WHY DON'T U HV CONFIDENCE AGAINST MIAMI HEAT!!BS

I need those new 15 South Beaches!!!
Don’t care about the shoes...start making some shots!
Papi chulo  God bless u today & everyday
That’s the ugliest thing I’ve seen
It’s all I see when he’s on the court. Your kicks are looking pretty nice too. Anything to where those Miami Vice style colors.
Whoa! Jc rocking heat!!
Oh my #god #Spurs #FiestaSA colors
@Klassy_Kourtney  I recommend these for running shoes
Wow, bright!  My niece would love them.
Saus
Yesss
Heat going to that ass up. #Tightenup
Wow i still have mine sheesh
I wonder who his connection is? 
Ok...
You tied your shoes right...
Good job...
Proud of you kid...
@WesleyTabone

I just told my wife: 
Really Lebron? Is he summoning his inter- John Stamos with a touch of Victoria Secret?
Sweet
Just, No
https://youtu.be/FPSt8PtKMH4  #HUNCHO 2018
Sheeesh
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/977997335820054528?s=20 … (Endorse PLAYAZTRUTH !)
B.A.S.E.(YE) presents.... (The “Love....unslave” ) COUPON!  Produced bye : Steve Lamar https://www.instagram.com/p/Bgwi6ZiBDFO/ 
role model
Love those kicks wish I copped a pair
@KingJames how many retweets do I need to get for you to send me a pair of these
Retro all these guy
Check your IG DM!
@DwyaneWade lol
SHEESH
Come too DC please
