That face @kingjames makes when he sees that The I PROMISE School has been approved by the Ohio Department of Education  We’re moving full steam ahead to the first day of school! #WeAreFamily #IPS 
Awesome News @KingJames   Way to keep HOME in the forefront!
King
https://youtu.be/EvLV5ursr68 

Subscribe
Paying it forward .... respect
When the almighty is for you who can be against you ! Keep up the good work.
I’ve seen what you’ve done for the kids in Akron! Thank you from this retired teacher!
this cool
The face the king puts on when he sees his banker in his sights.  A deposit is about to happen.  This jam will be worth more than two points I assure you.
Pulling up to LeBron High like
Beat the raptors
He won’t
Who won ?!!!!!! Yeahhhh never doubt the king
How come when the Cavs win it’s him but when they lose it’s his team. Good game tho
It was a team win never doubt the Cavs
ه7
Thank you for not “shutting up and dribbling”!
@questjm3000
The GOAT???
U already know
@anthony_cava_1
Might as well run for Mayor of Akron after you done with the league bro
But keep telling people Lebron he has no right to speak on social matters
So because he donates a small fraction of his absurd fortune to schools he can talk down to us about politics? Na. #ShutUpAndDribble
That is a face of a basketball player who is the greatest to ever touch a basketball praise to you Lebron
Thanks for always giving back LBJ!
Wow  a lot of families would really benefit from this. Best gift you can give a person is an education. My mom always tells me the only treasure no one can steal from you
Wow just amazing. To all the kids that have this opportunity..... This is a chance and things like this usually don’t happen twice in a lifetime. #AchieveYourGoals
I'm a clinical psychologist raised in Youngstown, OH. I'd love to help you all build behavioral health support in these schools!
don’t ever leave Ohio. you’re too vital there.

I wish I had a dad like you caring for his family but good thing I have my mom
Keep doing what u doing

Yes

He got that hairline back. Nice.
Thank you for all you do. #GOAT
I just love what you are doing for all these Children 
No ice! God Bless You
Congratulations 
King of the monkeys
So much respect for this move @KingJames
Stay Loyal to the Land Big homie if they meet and respect what you've done for the franchise , community, NBA as a whole. Believe in the LAND!!!!!
Blessings unto you and the family with nothing but  and support big homie aka in the youngters eyes OG lol. No matter what they through @ you your strength as I can was tough at times. Take of your Queen and princess also continue to raise the future Kings in your image.
We all know that LeBron is Nations Best Players Athletics
Legendary!
I am 30, not to far in age from you lol. I model my life and new career after my passion and love for the game (basketball). As a huge inspiration for a young brother like myself as well as many others coming up in the game we appreciate your work ethic, mentality, and compassion
James my life was not exactly like yours but the struggle was similar. I am Capricorn like yourself and Wade. My dreams was cut short do to lack of male guidance and the Judicial system. But no excuses on my part just a change of path God intended.
Thanks king James
Haha goat
You are doing amazing
Greatest of all time!
U BALL TONIGHT NEED U TO GO 4&5 SO WIN THE CHIP FOR THE HATER LET DO THID SHOW THE WORLD NEVER TO DOUGHT U
Congratulations to the king #akronproud #330

http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/02/theory-of-life-e69-best-quotes-by.html?spref=tw …
#Respect #RWTW #King #BlackLivesMatter #StriveForGreatness
That is sooooo cool LeBron! CONGRATS on ALL YOU DO for the youth of the Cleveland/Akron area! You’re doing work that REALLY matters!! @cavs
How can I find out more about the program?
Coming to see you play in Miami can't wait to see you beat them you are an inspiration to all never stop talkin never shut up Barbara Martel Stuart
#ShutUpAndDribble YEA RIGHT!! Keep doing what you’re doing King James! What an inspiration!
Get us better lunches
Bigger than basketball
Hey Mr. James, watcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do make our dreams come true? #ScottsTots #BronsBabies
I mean you could try and improve schools for everyone in Akron or you could make a school for a select few but you do you @KingJames #LRMR
LeBron please I need some help to work on my vertical can you give me some advice please
Congrats that’s what’s up
King James and the Cavs are locked in. Let's get this Win tonight no excuses #CapricornLoyalty #CavsRaptors #JamesLand #NoLABron
Shout out to My Cavs!!!!! On a great home Win last night with team looking smooth as butter in the 4th. I'm proud of you all $@/ut3 $oldi3rz!!!!!!!!
The GOAT on-&-off the court!
Thanks for all you do for NEO and Akron 
I can't believe that Ohio let someone dumber than Mike Tyson start a school. Has to be pay to play.
Never shut up or stop @Lebron, youre doing more good for people than anyone who is trying to silence you ever will. You are truly a generational role model that any kid can look up to. You inspire more people than I think you could ever imagine. #PeaceLovePositivity
Congrats to u bro for doing what u are doing for the kids in the Land& all over that's what true leaders do.  Tonight  show the world why u are the best player in the game 2day  by beating the Raptors tonite I will B  watching do ur thing.# Finish the mission
Your a great person
Lol king flop you need quite man haha
Go back to school before you hate on anyone
@kingjames @SpringHillEnt.@mavcarter...I painted this for Savannah & LeBron's personal collection. Its 3ft x 4ft (life-size)...I need help getting this to them...@stephenasmith retweeted it yesterday for me!  Thanks & message me for details...1badartist.com
Keep going @KingJames. Never shut and dribble
.
Congrats. Believe it or not but you are a true hero.
Appreciate all that u do bro.
Good shit boy.
~RESPECT
King 
Atleast someone cares thats a good deed better then our WH
You’re an inspiration; as a man, father and human being. Thank you LBJ for what, how, and who you are.
Click here to learn more of Paul’s story.
Lebron to the Celtics??
we need more shit like this. 
let this be your legacy before you join @CP3 and @JHarden13 for the next 3 rings
YOU are as GREAT A MAN as you are a BASKETBALL PLAYER/STAR/ LEGEND!      Any thought of getting into politics????    PRESIDENT maybe!!!
https://www.fortnite-vbucks.net/?id=fhZ2HRxm 
Come to Houston
Why cause bearded Harden doesnt do anything for HIS community,hes a BUM!!!
Easy ring
#Salute LeBron, you have shown that you have faith in what you believe in ! Education, Kids, and the well being for mankind ! 
#NeverShutUpAndDribble Always #StandUpAndSpeakUp

Thanks,
LBJ,
#STRIVEFORGREATNESS !
" ALL HAIL KING JAMES! I HAD YOU WRONG BIG HOMIE, YOU ARE A BEAST!, ESPECIALLY @ PLAYOFF TIME.$TAY LIT,# BeastfromtheEast

Roses are red
Violets are blue
Jordan faced plumbers
Lebron to philly this summer…
Ur a hell of a inspiration brotha
Ugly face 
G.O.A.T
Thanks for giving back to the community Lebron!
Is that the face you make when you come to Philly to play
King James
congratulations!!  Big props for all you are doing for these kids!  I hope this inspires others to follow your lead
Eu tenho sua pulseira
That is unbelievable man! Obviously Don't know you personally but you seem to be even a better human being than a ball player. You never forgot where u came from and now you're helping kids who are in the same position as u once were. That is beyond awesome. salute
Good shit
I graduate in 2 years if you will need a social studies teacher just let me know 
I remember when the board of education wanted to keep james out of his high school championship game (i think it was because of tattoos)
Hire me @KingJames ! I’ll move to Ohio in a second.
Lebron and the cavs win 2018 championship

Don’t crush Cleveland’s world again. Stay put. Their only hope is the #jamesgang
Or this face..
That was a major move #BuildUpandDribble
The new official slogan for those building a foundation for the youth and dribbling....ahuh!ok!shutup

Your the man LeBron, thank you so much for everything you do for everyone, we are truly blessed to have people like you in this crazy world!!!
Can I be like a PE teacher there or something?
Way to go!!  Man you talk the talk and walk the walk and show results!!!!LovU homie!!
Congratulations!
You're a leyend
Great job King James
Lebrons wearing a green shirt this means Lebron to the @celtics is confirmed. Nah jk

GOAT
Sitting here at work thinking about what LeBron has done for sports. The IMPACT he's had, no other athlete will ever come close. He's truly changed the sports world forever. There's been so many generations, I'm just thankful I got to live during the LBJ era, the GOAT human. 
Your promise turned out a lot better than Michael Scott's promise 
KING JAMES
One of the greatest Americans of all time
Yesss  and athlete
congratulations!
Congratulations!!!!
If you’re a hater and can’t acknowledge the work this man has put in . KYS
Congrats, King!!! Another major contribution that you have made to our society off of the court, please don't ever shut up and dribble #MoreThanAnAthlete
Celtics in 4 don’t @ me
W
The
I love  you, LBJ. Thank you for all you do for the children of OHIO and beyond. 
Looks like you’re doing more than dribbling to me. #salutebro
Ain't that it! Opening schools. Girl boo- as the kids say 
That’s exactly the face! 
Congrats.
We need more athletes to put thwir money where their mouth is.

Congratulations and great work. Your efforts off the court mean so much more to humanity than the effort on the court.
I'm proud of you GOAT

Usually I mock you for flopping, but I’m glad to see the good work you are doing here. Yes that was a slight burn, but also genuine praise. As a Celtics fan I couldn’t just say something nice about you.
Hi DAD
Please continue to hate on this man and look like a goofy
Together! 
today 
sheeeesh that's good news. Celebrate with some Vino?
 or ? Check out Vegas Artist  @DFlowetry 

https://youtu.be/4meyFrM0wKw 
No one talks enough about your amazing work with young people. EVERYONE needs to take a page from your lifestyle choices!

Kral bu gece DeRozan çevirme yapıcak. Vaziyet alın.

Fr
Wait why are there so many Isaiah Thomas’? Who is the real one?

Dear James please answer me I want to give a super gift for my husband please answer me. He is your very BIG fan.

Art.
Congrats legend 
"Just shut up and [build schools]" as the saying goes. 

Great job! What a role model.
That’s exactly the face!  TYPE BEAT
Your the best
8 points in the 2011 finals face 
How many kids you helping bruh?
Green??? Lebron to the Celtics next year confirmed!   
LEBRON you’re the goat 

Josh Jackson> PG13
Devin Booker> Russel Westbrick
Deandre Ayton> Steven Adams
Hand me W’S
LeFam

Kirk Korver 
É BOM QUE VENÇA O RAPTORS HOJE

Like to wish LeBron a great season
https://twitter.com/juice_1222/status/976341162343546881?s=21 …

The face of a GOAT
Goat indeed
KING!

FIRST SINGING SONG Happy Valentine's Day https://soundcloud.com/pjackofficial/dont-go-prod-pjack-x-seamakesmusic …
