Y’all missed out on house parties https://twitter.com/deshaunfrye/status/974483592742137857 …

Let me be kid I’ve been told i look just like him
I wanna go! 
Yooooo I wish I could get in on this. House Party hands down IS my favorite movie. Just know if you need a extra on set I’m down. And yes I know how to dance like kid and play 
House Party 6? 
Wait, Bron and @RomeTrav are old enough to remember the House Party trilogy?  I was like 12 when that franchise jumped off. Went to my first House Party at age 14. These boys had to be like...what....8 or something when Kid and Play and that generation were doing their thing?
If I can remember the ‘88 dunk contest, I’m sure they can remember house party
Not saying they can’t remember. Just find it  odd because most people I know that are 5 or so years younger a than me have a hard time naming one and Kid and Play song let alone having views any of the House Party movies or Class Act. Good for them for remembering a classic
I know class act by heart and house party 1 and 2. 3 was so so
That’s cool. Glad you boys were up on your culture at a young age. Some of peers probably weren’t. I’m 37 and some my peers weren’t even up on it then. Don’t know how. Haha. And yes, Class Act was kinda lame.
I’m the youngest my older siblings had me up on all the cultural movies and music
Same here. My older brothers had me up on it. Everything that they and their friends were into during the late 80’s and early 90’s had me current with the times. Not sure how current I would have been without them me what was dope at the time.
Ima be bilal
House party sweeeet those hair styles were like none other all that hair flopping around

Nyc one
I painted a lovely intimate portrait for Savannah & LeBron that I would like to present to them...please contact me if you can assist!
Yooooo....boy that's dope. You got talent homie! Use it!
That's dope make a movie about Mansu masu
Coogler is working on that one
Nice That's gone be lit
“We going back to wood shop boy”
That's Class Act not House Party
Thanks for pointing that out! I got it mixed up! 
Hi
trailer
FIRST TWO TRACK OF MY NEW PROJECT VENDETTA ARE OUT
APOLLO &
TOFU
…
Holy auto tune!!!
If only you could see
Bron u went to house parties lol I thought u was a basketball robot or something
LeBron did you hear the breaking news that the las Vegas shooter was a Trump hater targeting TRUMP supporters ? FBI has been covering it up, thought maybe you would like to voice your opinion on the shooting sence you aren't shutting up and dribbling.
Sad part is you are the young generation dude. Stop talking and play at your best. Be who you are and stop letting tabloids make your life the way it is. Your a fantastic player bro. Think MJ, never opened his mouth with all this drama and hands down THE BEST EVER.
that is one of the most retarded shit I've ever read 
Hell yea
did u see the portrait i made 2010 its in Cleveland @KingJames @KingJames
@RomeTrav
Yesssss Brother LeBron Show the younger generation how it’s done lol
We ready
all you care about is stuffing the stat sheets thought skip was full of it, but he's right that's all u do, I guess that what u do when you suck 3-5.
I’m coming
Sou bwé teu fã James
Is this a movie about you CHEATING on @SavannahRB while in Miami? #GoodExample #ImportantToYouth #LamboOutedYou @RealMikeWilbon @Oprah @kerrywashington @itsgabrielleu @maryjblige @rihanna @halleberry @MiamiHEAT @ayeshacurry
有点东西
龟龟
As it shall be
Yeah my Nephew don't know nothing about that, that's back when his Uncle was drop'in them buckets!!!
Top #NBA tweet today on http://sportofusa.com 
Yo can i be the dj for the movie? I need this lol

ALL 3 CLASSICS!!!!!!!!!!
Dwade can be Martin role
House Party Original 
Thank you for bringing back. Definitely a feel good movie with a banging soundtrack

Remember the name “FFG”... Your about to hear this everywhere real soon @BoomanFfg #NewBirmingham 

http://youtu.be/pNaC_YgedlI  
@Palmeiras o maior do Brasil
I wanna be in it
Will there or won't there be a high top fade? Important question.
And class act lol
Can't wait Y'all
I'm one excited fan
I got to meet kid and play. I’m only 22, my generation just can’t find it on Netflix
You have to do it like this.. or don't do it at all 
Um please don't mess with a classic
Bring it back king and let’s rock this city on firer all the way live. All in
Yo I just moved so you probably have my old address! Dm me for the new one so the invite doesn’t get lost in the mail!!
No. No. No. you cannot remake a classic. Just make a movie and not call it house party. You will tarnish the legacy worse than when immature did when they tried to remake House Party. If it ain’t got Kid, Play, Martin, Tisha, etc. we don’t want it.
I can’t wait....

2x thumbs up...
Who in the heck are you going to get to #re_create the greatness of the late great #Robin_Harris as the father, he made the movie in my opinion, you can change some actors but his lines & the way he did them made that movie a classic
Please follow as I will follow you back fan
That’s dope
Cast me in it!!!
I just want a role in the movie! Where can I audition lol
You have been a trailblazer and icon for decades.Your fans can get all the publicity and traffic they need on facebook,Instagram,tumblr etc  by using this software https://jvz1.com/c/991897/292664  #HousePartycomingsoon
Well damn
Please do it right don’t just throw Migos up in that piece and act like you did something... do it justice for the older generation
BUT are you bringing back Kid n Play 
Don’t mess up this classic bro
BUT WHAT ABOUT SPACE JAM 2????????
What happen to Space Jam 2? We want Space Jam 2!
When house party came out you were only 6 years old...lol...
Isn’t Kid like a weird Trump supporter/Fox News Guy now tho??
How "we" got down? You were like 6 years old lol. Anyways good luck on the project but that's a classic that just stands alone as classic!
Oh great...
Not like the past few remakes have been trash.
LeBron you were a little kid When that movie came out
@draftlif3 ahhhhhh shiiiiiitttttt!!!!! 
Hes going off tonite
Ohhh really lol why cuz of house party???
@draftlif3
Enjoy your time,your life and everything else bro.
Yo you are great bro.
@KingJames this is awesome! #Awareness
Yo you better star me in that movie if you want a good movie

Don’t hurt em King! 
House party can't be duplicated.
spoken like a real old-timer.
We need an ETA on Space Jam 2, Bron 

Bron come on man...Kyrie now coach lue ..ComeOnMan...Dont bring that drama to philly.We aint having none of it..Your better then that..Get your ass in gear and turn your greatness up a notch.Others will follow Suit...Your better then that #ipromise
Well for the younger generation who missed out, I feel for you but guess what!?!? I’m bringing it back to the big screens to show y’all how we used to get down. #HousePartycomingsoon TYPE BEAT

Don’t forget my invite. 
Yes, let's do this!!! 
Lebron the goat

Love it  I'm happy we can call you one of our owns from ohio because you such a great role model and the greatest basketball player of all time on and off the court
Bring 80% FT percentage again.
Lebron is there any way i can send u an email? Really need to keep in touch with you..
大王，你最棒
I am waiting
What a lame
Good call @KingJames!!!
Gonna be the toughest movie out
LeOscarWinner ? 
When I hear they are making YET ANOTHER movie remake of a classic.

Those movies were epic...nice to see you taking on this project. Hope it works out so we can shiw tgis generation how we got down back then. #getthehousepartystarted
Nice Move, Summer Fun yo
https://gujunews.in/remo-dsouza-video-katrina-kaif/ …

Remo D'Souza: The World Biggest Dance Film: Katrina Kaif and Varun Dhawan See Video
Motown review 1970 best year ever
Lebron just use a emoji next time

Unc know what he doing bro  just wait on it
Nah man don’t do that, u can produce new stories that should be told not exhuming the corpse of a classic to defile it. I’d rather see a short film on JR Smith throwing soup at everyone he don’t like lol
The pajammy jam jam and all! Thanks GOAT!!! And, please keep talking - my seven and nine year old's listen!
The  @swarve_geofs
Oh for the love of God please tell me you are not remaking/dating House Party?  That’s like remaking Ghostbusters but with an all female lead cast.  Disaster.

If Kid'N'Play ain't in it I don't want it.
@Matt_Geer Wow 2003 was lit #SHEEEEEEEESH
You and Kevin Loves handshake when he gets back ???
Dope king shit the good old days an movies 
He don’t know house parties like we do #chodefest
Nice!
i love it
Yay!!!!!!  LOL

Are the Space Jam rumors still just rumors?
“Chill, don’t bump the table!”
Fuck yes
If I could get into a time machine and go back to my childhood, I would. Summer’s in the 90’s were  some of the best times of my life. The 90’s had the best music, movies, fashion, and some would argue the best era for the NBA. #80sBaby #90sKid
We had Jordan, Tyson, Biggie, and Pac...debate over
Leave good enough alone
Well I’m ready to get a part in this new movie bruh
Who all invited to yo party? I wanna slide. Lbs
Cut your beard if u want to win 2018 or atleast being it like it was before
AWWW SHIT
Swiiittcchhhhh!!!
Send me that invite king
I smell pu**y
You’re not old enough to remember house parties lol
L.
Younger generation..Okay Grandpa 
Do you remember when there were teenagers cubs
Can you fix me some of that Dick Gregory?
aint gonna hurt no body
I remember being at the movies for this!
YES!!!!!
@_chiedxa
You were 6 yrs old when this movie came out , I was in high school , you know nothing Jon Snow !
Young King.. You mean how "WE" used to get down. Ever had a 'rent party' or 'blue-light basement' party LeBron..?? Hit me up, I can help you out..! 
LeBron you’re the man. Please please cast @WWEBigE @TrueKofi and @XavierWoodsPhD aka The New Day. And can @KyleKorver do a cameo as a pizza delivery guy? Thanks!
Let's do it!
@ShannonSharpe Unc Shae gotta get some screen time! He’s too funny not to! 
#UncleShae #OnDemMildsSkip
How I'm going to the theater
Let me get that invite 
@KingJames I appreciate you bringing it back...but you were only 6 when the original came out....
You right
Wait, What?? Young King house parties were before your time as well.. Correct?

And @KingJames It Will Be.#1Yezz : ) !!!
And it will take place

Lebron - much respect for everything you do.... however, you were 6 years old when House Party came out.  Hairline doesn't equal age.
Idol lbj
One of my goals is to go to the scene to see your game before you retire. The goal was started in 2007, but for various reasons, it has not been realized yet, but watching your game through radio shows me still very happy and lucky.

Aye Bron....the millennials don’t understand those house parties. Til this day give me a house party over the club ANYTIME!!!
I must see you play before you retire!
Can’t wait!! I’ve seen all the house party movies and loved them!
Do that isht bron!!! YAY!! !!! Browns empire!! .. like my #mamba!! Super excited 4 u!! Shoot I want in!! Do this man!! Hell yes!!

They got ProAm in house parties? Cos I aint going to dem photoshoots nowadays
Cuz I’m the 
Yo hmu with that invite bro
Is this real @KingJames don’t mess with my emotions
thank u lebren
oh wow too bad i don't live in USA man it sucks :(
I don’t think watching a party and being at one is the same thing king.
cast @micahdfowler
Come get some people from Akron 
I ain’t miss out on it, but I’ll watch yours
Just make sure Kid n Play is either played by Ayo & Teo or Rae Sremmurd.
And this is why I don’t want anyone to touch this classic
I agree it shouldn’t be touched PERIOD. But if you gonna touch it they’ll be the best ones to play that roll. Just saying  #facts
U realize u have to act right?

Should I drop?  
Hell yea you gonna do it right.  I have a great feeling about this one 
I’m there big bro just drop the location, got all my VCR tapes with cotton stuffed in the tips from recording the Box for 7 summers
Bron chasing the oscar
So wait..you have a movie production company, a marketing agency, a high school, and a billion dollar deal with Nike. Excellence.
Black Excellence
Can I get on the waiting list?
Please do bron hopefully you can influence my generation
I Remeber the “TIMES”! 
Where is the casting going to be, I want a role!


Who’s the better player right now?
Do it!   #classic
Show us the vintage king James with the hairline before the headband
damn, when i read the tweet on my notif i thought it was gon be space jam 2 starring the king 
Goat
SHEESHH!
The greatest to ever do it, love you king 
Am I invited 
