We are extremely proud of @kingjames’s 330 Ambassadors, Jackson, Lulu, and Allan, who continue to go above and beyond their duties as Ambassadors to our kids. We believe that ‘Together We Can Change The World’ and these three are the embodime…

Let me guess, Soros and the Reptiloids are behind this and the kids are mostly actors who get their paychecks by the illuminati?
You are questioning if Soros funded this event?
Nah, just thought this guy sees a Soros/Deepstate whatever conspiracy in these people practicing the freedom of speech
They are practicing their Freedom of Speech, and this was funded by Soros. Those are not exclusive
Do you have proof or are you just searching for someone to blame for a necessary political discussion?
Who sponsored the event?

BTW - do you have any idea how hard it is logistically to pull an event like that off, from permitting to crowd control, etc. You think it was just a bunch of teens who formed the 503C?
There are enough prominent supporters who paid for busses and stuff. But what’s more sad than your claims is the fact that you try to denounce a group of people because they don‘t match with your political views while using this profile pic of a hero for freedom
And what about your and your team/league security staff Bron? They have flowers instead of guns? The hell man
One thing is security, the other are (underaged) civilians...
I've seen this comment many times on here and I still don't get how people can use this as an argument . It's such basic logic like you just laid out
I'm not even american, I'm brazilian, you guys don't know HOW LUCKY you are to have the second amendment, here in Brazil since 2003 when the communist Lula da Silva have take the power with his infamous PT (Worker's Party) we are not allowed to have guns
and we have 60.000 homicides by year here, it's like a war, the thungs and thieves have guns, the good citizens don't, bro, it's the hell on the Earth in places like Rio de Janeiro and Natal
And so you think strapping people with guns to "defend themselves" with lower the homicide rate? That makes no sense.....
will make the homicide rate to low because the outlaws will think twice before they make bad things to the people, just like a said, see the ratings here in Brazil, when we had guns the crime were low just like yours, yes, your crime rate is low comparing to ours
Go ahead show me that data. If your so certain back it up then playa
How many security guards you have at your place? How many in your entourage are carrying? @

Double standards are easily overlooked when you are a billionaire
There's no correlation between armed security guards and civilians who shouldn't have guns. Nice try though 
Typical answer from someone who doesn’t like guns “If I don’t like them then nobody should have them”

I as qualified or possibly more qualified to handle a firearm than an armed security guard.....claiming I am not is just another attempt to spin your agenda
The sec guard is doing it for security while you're doing it for fun. Thats why your argument is silly. Most ppl don't want to take your guns either, they just want guns to only be owned by those stable and responsible enough to have them. If you're 1 of them, no reason to worry

Go away, Richard.
Truth isn’t pretty. Is it?
Instead of trolling the comments of 3 day old tweet, go do something productive. Have a good day 
If guns are killing kids and should be banned shouldn’t the same go for illegal drugs? We are learning every day with drug abuse that restricting access doesn’t fix the problem rather than therapy and rehabilitation does. These kids need love, they to be taught right and wrong.
Let’s stop the gangsta rap music that would be a good one. Same songs talking about killing robbing and drug dealing. And most of you including @KingJames bob your heads to it. But then you turn around and cry gun violence please stop
Plenty of studies have been done to show music, video games, and movies don't cause these mass shootings. Stop spreading ignorance
Do you get hyped up when listening to your music? Now just think what some other folks might feel when they listen to their music.  Now guns don’t cause these mass shootings either fool take your own advice dum dum it’s always the shooter
"Dum dum" that's a great 3rd grade insult. Easy access to the gun allows the person to kill quickly. People should be mentally sound to own a gun, if they're not, maybe they use a knife but that'll kill a lot slower than a gun
Oh I forgot your knife please stop it. keep guns legal, if we stop anything let’s drop them welfare checks make people work for their money then it might be a little harder to find time for people to be ignorant.
So tell us how many guns did you buy that day?
https://youtu.be/V2nYKRc4icY  
You’re just going to freely give up your rights as well JBJ?
Don’t you like shooting full automatic weapons though?
Hypocrite
Is this you @KingJames?


Hypocrite
He’s fired a gun before oh no
I mean who wouldn’t be proud of this?!  @Alyssa_Milano @andersoncooper thoughts on this?
I thought that was @Alyssa_Milano
LeBron probably will never see this but I have a 330 phone # so I’m cool
@KingJames remember this? 

Hypocrite
Wow ... 

#Hypocrite

Lebron change the Illuminati’s army first and then you can try to change the world!!play basketball don’t Talk!!
Are you as proud as you were when you were shooting these military style assault weapons? #HypocrisyMuch?

Your 46th president
Hahahahahahahahaha wait wait wait hahahahaha



Hmmm... 
Who dis?
This is what we call #Hypocrisy
Fraud!
ME TOO!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j-VCXmambQ&feature=youtu.be … @KingJames loves guns.
WOW Love the hypocrisy from you Lebron. You stand against guns but yet you go to a gun range to shoot a machine gun.
Idiot
I can tell just how “proud” you are as you rip 100 rounds through the M249 SAW.  HYPOCRITE
Anything for a feigned “noble cause” lol. All those children & their indulgent parents being played 

#MassMindControl

Liberals and progressives are out in force; their #GunIgnorance is staggering; it’s more than evident; tragedy doesn’t impart expertise #MarchForOurLives
Assault rifles don’t exist; as reported by #NewYorkTimes; it is a term created by democrats, Bill Clinton, + the Brady Campaign to ban a politically defined category of gun! #MarchforOurLives #NRA #2A #2Adefender #GunControl #2ndAmendmentRights #2AShallNotBeInfringed
http://www.breitbart.com/sports/2018/03/26/watch-march-lives-supporter-lebron-james-shoots-machine-guns/ … #MolonLabe #NRA #2A #2ADefenders #2AShallNotBeInfringed #2ndAmendmentRights
How about u H US up, we need some bank,& a strong back, let's protect the schools, our kids, Tech is reality, adults know well & good, burecrats are not fixing things fast, ur of speed strength, ljifoundation. We have a lot of us to protect, can you get out of that lane?  3 sec
Keep armed guards at every school. The more guns in trained hands, the less shootings will occur!
Affecting the world that’s bigger than basketball  much respect. Keep doing your thing Bron #StriveForGreatness #LLTK
Why don’t you comment on the mess protestors left behind for others to pick up???

 hello king!
TRUMP FANS IN 3.. 2.. 1.. GO! LOL
respect for your foundation.
That's fantastic! 


LeBron - this wasn’t a march against guns it was against Trump. Did students march after Columbine and Sandy Hook? (Clinton and Obama)? How about if the popular kids be nice to the “outcasts” then maybe there’d be less students shooting?
#MarchForOurLives #MolonLabe
Absolutely proud!
Read up on what the laws of the land are these kids are as clueless as you trying win finals
@KingJames I have always been such a huge fan. That chase down block on Andre in the finals you came back to win was probably one of the best plays in NBA history. Such a showing of hard work pays off PLEASE STOP influencing our youth this way knowing people kill people not guns.

Nice Work.
Im proud of U
King James cares!
female MJ - Hortência
And Laura Ingraham is not biased.
Woooooo!!! LETS ADD MORE LAWS PSYCHOPATHS WONT FOLLOW!!! WE ARE MAKING A DIFFERENCE!!!
You poor oppressed snowflake.  Yall libbies trying to take our guns.  You’re paid millions to play basketball.  Not buy into democrap garbage.  #shutupanddribble #NRA #standandfight
Thanks Bron Born... 
Now stay calm


Sir, thank you very much for caring about the safety & lives of these kids!
Sensitive Libtards 
That's Right 
Vote and Vote again young people rule the future
Guns dont kill people wrong people who are using the guns kill people
No
CRIMINALS DONT OBEY GUN LAWS!
Y’all are fucking ignorant, maybe we should raise our kids better and stop blaming guns
He wherein a conflicting message man, he's like "we are family" and then "Enough" to E no u GH yo @Nike new number 1
If America must have a royal family, please allow @KingJames to assume his rightful thrown. #LeBronJames2020. #veteransforGunReform
GUNS DO NOT KILL PEOPLE SICK MENTAL PEOPLE KILL PEOPLE! BY DISARMING THE GOOD GUYS THEN YOU ARE JUST MAKING US TARGET PRACTICE! BAD GUYS WILL ALWAYS HAVE ACCESS TO GUNS U CAN NOT GET THEM OFF THE STREETS JUST LIKE DRUGS!
HOW ABOUT THEY PROTEST AGAINST BULLYING WHICH CAN LEAD TO MIND GAMES AND KIDS GETTING MENTAL ISSUES! WE ALL DONT HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF LIVING IN GATED COMMUNITIES WITH ALARMS AND SECURITY GUARDS!
Very rayt
Liberals have an antigun march w/ armed security & will vote for Democrats even tho democrat cities have the most gun violence w/ the strictest gun laws. The march was funded by democrats. Pathetic that they are putting politics over education & are using high schoolers as pawns
Evil knows no law...
The problem is EVIL. It’s not a gun problem. There will always be hate in this 
Lebron James you are truly a King please continue to grow positively in who you are as you continue to fufill your life purpose.

I painted this for Savannah & LeBron's personal collection. Its 3ft x 4ft (life-size)...I need your assistance in getting this to them...Thanks a Million & message me for details & commissions 
Extremely proud!! Say it again Bron!!
It takes the youth to start it if the adults wouldn’t
Is your security disarmed?  #hypocrite how about other players who carry?  You challenge them to turn in their weapons? @CNN @MSNBC false prophets of perpetual idiocies.  You all disarm then maybe the rest can follow.  Tear down walls around your homes allow others in. #yeahright
You should be... and just know they are just as proud of the example you have set off the court #StriveForGreatness
Of course you are who else is going to buy your shoes?
Akron, Ohio, Everyone is proud of LeBron and the social impact you make on lives.
But, is advertising a very unhealthy sugar soda a good thing to do? Diabetes, obesity, heart disease, etc. from #Sprite and other soft drinks. #justforthemoney?
I don’t think this about advertising; more about American youth taking on activism to change influence of “tobacco era” NRA lobbyist
Yeah take away guns real smart!! 
Hey lebron #SpeakupAndDribble
Disgusting
What a joke.  Funny how no one blames the gun when they shoot someone, hows this different? No need to ban guns.  These protests prove that these kids don’t know a thing about guns, shit most of the@ don’t even know what bathrooms to use most of the time.
Hi How Are You?
Kids are the future , however they don’t have the knowledge or experience to make changes today and I wish adults would stop using them to push their own agendas
Hope your “foundation” isn’t like your Clinton friends foundation. 5% of their went to charity.

Well the kid in the bottom right picture has it right without some sort of safeguard they are 100% guaranteed victims I will not be a victim and I will not disarm
I don’t understand why they will march for gun safety when texting while driving, drugs and alcohol kill more teens then guns but you don’t see them marching to take cell phones away or have more awareness on teen drug use. Why don’t we see teens marching for real issues???
Becuase most kids don’t have guns or care about the 2nd amendment. They don’t want people infringing on the rights they care about lol
Because we are a generation of kids that has seen, over and over, individuals take extremely powerful weapons into crowded places and try to kill as many people as possible. This doesn't happen in any other developed country. We have to put reasonable boundaries in place
Thank you Bron
Hey King, how many shooting in Chicago are with legally purchased guns ?? 
Why do you douche nozzles always bring up Chicago like that stops the current topic from being relevant?
Great stop glorifying it in rap music (I’m sure you listen too) and in Hollywood movies and video games. Oh and aren’t you protected at times by armed guards? Why not take to the streets of Chicago and make a real change with your influence and the powerful people you know!?

Will you stop listening to the migos? Or are you a hypocrite?
What does the music he listen to have to do with it. We know who doesn’t have any black friends.
Make me some fried rice with shrimp now please
I am ok with raising age to 21 to purchase if reason is they are still immature and irresponsible as long as voting age raised to 21 for same reason.
Voting age should be 21 if not higher regardless. I’m gonna go ahead and call them kids because that’s how it is. But most 18 year olds don’t know enough about current politics to vote anyway.
Thank you, Lebron, for your leadership.
YOUR one of greatest human beings that ever lived  and greatest BB player of all time. Trivisono is the most mizsible human being that ever lived.  Shine on
Huge fan @KingJames.. But don’t be a hypocrite bro..
This is the real family LJ
proud of people marching to take away the only right that defends all the others?
@KingJames I’m not your biggest basketball player fan, but I have the greatest respect for you and for what you’ve done and continue to do for the community and civil rights in this divided country that is America!
Much love from France for that, and NEVER SHUT UP!
Yo you will go down as the greatest athlete to use your platform and actually give to the youth. @KingJames that speaks volumes
Bet yet he still charging kids 180-200$ for his shoes. All for publicity @KingJames
You sound stupid ...he spent over 44 million to send 1100 kids he don’t know to college. That for publicity to huh?
Lol. Some people aren’t built to read facts.
Always happy to see you use your huge platform to promote worthy causes! A true role model!
So it went from what can we do for the victims for immediate action in the schools ... to gun control ..which won’t change and shouldn’t .. take about pushing an agenda
God bless your foundation @KingJames Help us Christians remind the World that The Law they seek was already given to us #10commandments if we all live through them then there isnt a need for #Guncontrol #YouShallNotKill #ThereIsOnlyOneGod #PalmSunday
Intolerable ignorance
Proud of what?
Monty, I don’t think he’s going to answer you
Never answeres anyone of a lower life form than himself!
Sure.  Great spelling, Monty
 thanks ass!  
#Great #Emoji #Usage

Whatever happens nothing is going to change. It’s been like this since the beginning of time .
respect #noguns :)
LAME
United, We can definitely make a change! #MarchForOurLives

You are the  because of your outreach. So happy to witness the king.
So hopeful for the first time since I marched to end the Vietnam war. Our youth has such great potential to make our country an even better place.
Keep leading ‘Bron!!
King 
Wow what an inspiration for society. Thank you so much for everything dad
first time on twitter .hello lebron！

#EnoughIsEnough
ignorant
(((TRIGGERED)))
Lebrons the goat
Lebron my dick is stuck in a toaster what do I do?
Hahahahaha!!!

goat 

