

Lmao hey KD
No, this is no burner account
That’s exactly what a burner account would say
KD and LeBron cool off the court 
Not really a surprise lol. They train together I think
People want them to hate each other so bad lol a real mental illness
Yeah I guess people want rivalries like the old days, it's not like that anymore with the formation of superteams
even in the old days, players were cool off court...nothings changed, there were superteams back then too >>> Lakers & Celtics were the penultimate superteams...
KD you use to be my favorite NBA player but since you joined GS the respect I had for your game went to -35, that was the easiest way out and you know deep in your heart that was a coward move. Your still a beast but playing with the Warriors is the weakest move I’ve ever seen
Its been over a yr, let it go
It’s in the hall of lame for life, that’s going to stick with him for the rest of his career

Ay is Dope 
Who is that?
Appreciate that! It’s @OrenOfficial please share 
I will, thanks man 
Who's better?
The guy who wears the other guy’s current Finals record on his jersey
KD to the Cavs confirmed
ur one of many reasons why I quit watching the nba, nfl, & mlb over two years ago.
But yet here you are on a Twitter account of an NBA players with your BS!! Ok sure you stopped watching!

Have enjoyed watching Mr James play but keep singing your disrespect and racist attitude towards our President and I’ll flip the off switch along with millions of other Americans...
Nobody's flipping the off switch we already did that with the nfl
Man. This really opened my eyes to how great of a role model you guys are in my life. Salute to you guys for saying this and bringing these issues out and saying this. I’m at a loss for words. You guys dropped some truth bombs in that. Salute 
Fools
that was awesome,all the best to you both....# equality#end racism!!
Imma check it out like:
Two stupid dogs
You could’ve been a king. but you’re just king’s fool now. Sad

Bron to the Warriors confirmed by Shaq already.
The difference in LeBron explaining the pressure of success in Akron due to meeting expectations & @KDTrey5 to overcoming neighborhood envy is alarming and sad. D.C, has to do better. Get that hate up out y’all heart.
Not even in regards to just KD choosing GSW. But in general support of our artists, our music, our art, our thinkers, our entrepreneurs, everything. We don’t protect & promote our own at all. Not till someone else not from here starts praising them; It’s pathetic.
@KDTrey5 @KingJames listening to these 2 calling Trump a bum and talking about their hatred towards him is doing the exact opposite of what Dr. King preached about peace.
KD is a champ same way James Jones is champion
I hate everything about this

That’s HOT...Money Moves!!
@zanyantix do you think they know how uneducated and foolish they look perpetrating lies
Shut up and dribble!
Shut up and dribble,  that's all that you know.
Loved the interview. 
Wish it was longer @uninterrupted do another with one with only kd and bron
We all know LeBron doesn't care about kd on the court but they're good friends outside of basketball.
So real. Loved this but I wasn't surprised by it. Can't wait to watch you represent the Warriors on Sunday @KDTrey5 #staytruetoyou #screwthehaters
props to Cari for driving in that Akron weather.
@KingJames thankyou for speaking up and being a voice for ppl instead of playing it safe, bc its true... donald trump doesn't give a fuck about ppl
Trump has done more for Americans in one year than any of these dribblers will ever do in their lifetime.
you are misguided in that assessment
I doubt that a 12th grade education gives James any insight on what's being done for Americans. Facts can be confusing for the ignorant.
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that trump doesn't care about people or the earth in general. SOTU he said beautiful clean coal atleast 3x. he gives tax breaks to huge corporations and the 1% at a time its not needed n looks to slash funding for healthcare and food used
KD you look awesome man!!!!
Listening to pac
wow

13 Russians indicted, Gates gets plea deal, Manafort is next, @DonaldJTrumpJr  i would be shaking in my boots if i were you. Donald "Trick Daddy" Trump paying women to be silent. And the NRA paying $31 mil for Trump 2 be silent on gun control. #RealNews #IllegitimatePresidentsong
What mental midgets. Learn to speak our nation's language.
Your political views don’t sway anyone, unless someone cannot think for themselves. Same for Durant or any athlete that thinks their opinion does. 
Didn't take long for them to make this into something negative.smh. keep repping for us n let fox news bury themselves because hate never wins in the end #salute #kings #queen
Lebron, I’d vote for you a million times over. Once you are ready to move on to the next chapter I hope it involves politics! You obviously know how to lead!
I seriously wanna interview @KingJames to ask him ONE QUESTION: "Where did you learn all of your wisdom?" and then I want him to walk me through the journey. I know it would be full of gems!

Think about his upbringing, his push to stardom, him recognizing his legacy. GEMS
Wow lebron what a good way to discuss all of this with an open dialogue.... you and white people having a conversation with two sides each explaining how they feel... o wait right that didn't happen just another example of your unwillingness to make change and just bitch about it
Y’all keep doing what you guys are doing. You have a platform and use it to speak up for what it right in this racist world. Trump has done nothing but brought out how they really feel. Keep up the good work!!
lol
What is all the sensitivity on this post about? Did KD announce he was leaving GS? And, even if he did, SO WHAT?  That man wouldn't be breaking any rules as long as he played out his contract or UNTIL GS traded him. I swear, NBA fans act like preteen girls more and more everyday

https://twitter.com/twitter/statuses/964348499931336704 … SAYS it all Lebron is a few beers shy of a six pack
Laura Ingraham says #LeBronJames should "shut up and dribble" and leave political comments to people who didn't leave high school a year early. 
@KingJames is still whining about Abortion-Loving Hillary Clinton's blowout loss to @realDonaldTrump!  Waaaa baby Lebron, waaaaaa!
thé 2 best...#RESPECT
The GOAT LeBron! U r the Barack Obama of sports and basketball! U r my hero!
Loved it. Great seeing you two together. Society needs your influence.
hey KD.. should I go for a RAN tomorrow before I do my weight training?
You really should have finished that last year of high school.  Stick to your day job because you suck at politics and for that matter you suck at respect or common decency.  Overpaid, self important and underinformed along with your pal @kevindurant.
If u think you’re so smart. Talking bout the POTUS. Go somewhere & get rid of your acne on your face. 
uh. this is a good cautionary tale of what happens when you leave high school early. Congrats on being rich. You're also dumb as rocks.
So EMBARASSING, what a let down...
Your ring is worthless.  It was given to you not earned.  You joined a 73 win team that bitched you in the playoffs.  Your legacy is trash now.  You’re a bandwagon player who took the easiest path to a ring than any athlete ever in any sport.  
Grown hyper-sensitive babies. Not men.
Maybe you should both focus on being more than just a fraction of the champion Michael Jordan or Kobe Bryant were.
Democrats seems to care more about illegal aliens than our people. #DeportDreamers
I fw this
Yo that was excellent much respect to u guys
This was so dope and legendary !!
Go home sit in your mansion and fuck off, im a submarine veteran , hispanic,  dont give a shit about you and who your mom is doing or about the nba or nfl
Bron might not be the biggest fan of yours like you said in the car though ppl tend to go off of there decsions for other ppl,  also I apply same energy to my kids and lady as well your right you learn more and more everyday,  great lesson to the youth and Kd great question bro
Yep my President doesn't care about you and the rest of u-ly a-- NBA players and coaches who whine too much!! Idio-!
show should be renamed...."Rolling with rich idiots"
This was so good! Great convo real talk- loving seeing this! Two amazing Black Men the night before Black Panther 
This is kool awesome
I felt your Pain when you lost your first Championship. You just Hugged your Parents and unleash your emotions. That was Real Big Bro. Though I just lost My Dad in December, I got some great Parents.. I did wrong and bad on my own. Wish I could've suited up and made em proud.
Es PN be like are they going to team up after the year because of this lamooo
Bron KD 2019
I like seeing Lebron and Durant in one portrait ..
KD haters are like Trump supporters. Stuck in their little Looney Tune world and it doesn't matter what you say it just ends up being a waste of your time speaking to them.
Whatever fake tough guy.
omg does that mean LBJ is heading to GS?
means KD is coming to Cleveland bud


It's all good! all right now let's play some basketball ok!
The same Cari who said you had no heart? Hmm, turns out she was right #ringchaser #CupCake
@dpatton1911
Bron....Bron...
Come June.... He'll be Gone Gone....Funny...A$$... Shit....

“I feel like our country is not RAN by a great coach”  rule # 1. When talking shit about other people, make sure your “shit” is straight.
When your education doesn’t go beyond high school we are left with this pathetic commentary from players who bounce a ball for millions. #MAGA
Hay babes
Trump cares about the American people, he just doesn't care you two. Thanks again for spewing the left wing, ignorant propaganda. You should stick to sports.
@LorenzoNeal @JoeFortenbaugh @dandibley @AnnaKagarakis @957thegame  IS LO RIGHT? HAS THE PROCESS BEGUN??
BIG LO CALLED IT!!!!!!
Black Unemployment Rate Hits All-Time Low - Breitbart
有vpn真的可以为所欲为

You Tube: Wes Moore. Yuval Harari.
You’re a fan.

Heat....Yankees....Patriotzz...real teams cuz people H8 what they can't...don't get! Giants fan, but they're liked. 3-13? Wrong
KD. Don't let Curry & Draymomd get you down. Scott Brooks is a good coach. East gotta stop being a DLeague.
Y'all look sad. Chin up. See how hot Maimi Heat gets in the summer. Freezing up north. Get some sun. Riley we trust.
Whaaaaaa !
You say @realDonaldTrump doesn't understand american people but yet millions voted for him. You do realize not everyone thinks like you right. And if they think opposite iu say uneducated or racist.  I don't think you understand the american people. Just saying
#ShutUpAndDribble
Y’all need to shut up and dribble!
what the hell is that? U guys models now?
Durant is so clueless I used to think he was underrated
Laura Ingraham was defending our President because LeBron James and Kevin Durant took cheap shots of contempt against our President and Ingraham responded to those cheap shots. They can criticize, but they can't be criticized. This is the liberal, double standard at work.


Funny, Obama started all this racial tension yet you blame Trump. Why don't you just blame Trump for your father not being around too.
Lebron, no one is trying to silence you but on most issues in this country and world, Laura Ingraham is exponentially smarter than you. When you talk basketball, you are more informed.
WGAF!!!

 
What a powerful video. My Mom raised me and my Father was absent. I have spent my life appreciating strong male role-models, being disappointed in weak ones, and trying to be the best one I can be.

This was good I liked it  !!
Lebron..please tell me what racist comments you are referring to? If you care about having a LEGIT conversation..no hate.Trump is NOT a racist...YOU are actually doing more to perpetuate racism on BOTH sides by calling Trump a racist...and have never even talked to him eye2eye???
I quit watching the Warriors. When a group can't have a civil debate and uses racism when you disagree with a person. GAME OVER! That is FASCISM. Hitler used it against the Jews.
Such a joke. Instead of bashing Trump try doing some actual research. Until then shut up and dribble. #unintelligentfools



You all inspire all of us to be better people.  LeBron for President!  If someone can’t be compassionate with your success it’s cuz of the pain in their lives.  You send them love and healing, and then they can be with you in joy.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_csgUZubd8 …
Oh boy you two are hanging out now.  KD, All your inner anger is starting to show getting kicked out of games.  I guess it's because you are so oppressed in America!
It’s about believing people I believe in people Kevin Durant I feel he doesn’t care about people with special needs kids and people because I think that he marked a guy with special needs
Laura Ingram  was right when she said shut up and dribble!
Yeah my boyz!!  Mean @IngrahamAngle make me cry like a B!!  #TuckAndCry
Thanks for being my voice! You may not ever read this and that's ok ! But you and KD represent the African American male well! You also represent all good Americans well! 
Lebron and KD please keep voicing your opinions because it's the only voice that people like I have! The average person, not just a basketball fan, hears you and sees you! They want to shut you up, do not let them win. When you guys win, we good Americans win!
The faces of racism ...!
@Laura Ingraham made herself look really stupid on Fox News trying to throw shade @KingJames and @KDTrey5. She should be ashamed.
Please FIND Jesus and LOSE the hate-mongering lies. Be a part of the SOLUTION, not problem. Please listen to Tony Bennett's "If I Ruled The World" & think about those beautiful 17.
They have mad respect to each other
By the way Mr. Pity party. More than half of America, & a boat load of white people too, have tragic stories & grew up under much more horrific conditions than you and they are man enough not to wave it about like some crying towel. #Nowhiteprivilegebshere Quit bitching & dribble
Whenever KD/LJ criticized they claim racism. An easy out. Blackness not the issue, it's the stupidity. Progressive tools and don't know it.
Bron's new chapter.
Laura Ingraham invites LeBron on her show
That was pure cancer. You are aware that you and your fellow lefties are creating this "hot divisive climate" right!?! Am I a racist now??
Shut up and dribble
Interesting
Could you imagine if white NBA Players said the things you said at your parade about Obama. Racism is a two way street. #thinkbeforeyoulashout! #doublestandards
Should have white history month to thank all the whites for supporting your ass. We no the blacks have no money for jerseys and hats. That’s why they steal them all forcing people with money to pay more to offset black theft. #disgracetosociety
Too bad you can’t just ply basketball. Your political commentary sucks. You’re ill informed and can barely make complete sentences. Stick to sports.
Just making things worse. How would these racist react if Brady talked about obummer how they talk about trump?!? Plus what makes these guys qualified to talk about this. How would they like it if some librarian or somebody cane and told them how to shoot.
#wewillnotshutupanddribble
KD, there have been some reports that Cari drives like a maniac. Can you confirm or deny? Thanks.
Physically tall, mentally small. Sad you don't see that progressives have no solutions and only pander for black votes.
Rolling with the haters! You think for some reason you actually matter, are relevant? Haha! Most Americans only care about their own lives, certainly not your pampered opinions. You just hate the fact we don't care what you think. You do need to just S.U.A.D. Please!
What’s this?  Antifa?
No way Ingraham watched the entire interview. Outstanding commentary from committed citizens who have achieved things as @CariChampion said “unheard of”!
What
#JohnnyB. Try to put a logical intelligent sentence together before speaking. Oh wait a minute! Is that racist too?
Real lebron!  How do u know who painted that horrible word on stuff? I NEVER hear a white man use that word but everyday hear AA men use it, their music, their talk to each other. So please!
Lebron makes hundreds of millions of dollars to shoot a basketball.

Trump is the leader of our country and he does it for free.

Shut up and dribble.
Lebron is a Racist. That is a fact. Void of anything constructive or solutions to offer. All he has to offer is pure shit talk directed at white people.  That is the sign of racist motives.
Nonsensical ignorance blinded by race , sad here ar some facts on your zero here corrupt lying racist @BarackObama he screwed blacks yet you exhault him simply bc of his skin color , ignorance at its highest level. Be political , but be educated
