This is Trump’s America, Todd.  Can you please get that fool out of office, ASAP?
Nah, let's keep him... and our freedom.
Tell me please, how are we in danger of losing any freedoms if we dump Trump? And how can you love Jesus and approve Trump's actions?
Is that a real question?
Yes. Please enlighten me.
I don't really understand your question. Why do you think someone who loves Jesus can't support their President?
Trump lies, cultivates antagonism, is a fraud, is greedy and vengeful. His first priority is himself. I don't understand your support.
You are throwing out a lot of actions and adjectives here, but nothing specific. What is your biggest grievance against him?
Actually Mr. Young, years of people suppressing others' free speech is causing the division. #longlivefreespeech to correct the narrative.
How exactly is free speech suppressed in this case?
It isn't. That's a good thing. The billboard message is harsh. I don't think it's necessary, but I fully support their right to have it.
If someone has the balls to pay for this billboard, they should have the balls to claim it
True.
Thank You for speaking up. #USA doesn't fight hate with hate.Poor decision made by so many people. INDY is a welcoming city. I Salute you.
The truth hurts.
It can.
Now speak up about @realDonaldTrump separating people from facts & reality.Admire your courage more after reading hateful comments.#NotMyUSA
"we will respond to it the way the Prophet would, with a positive approach and peaceful conversation" #HighRoad
Supreme Court just voted 8_0  this kind of speech is okay and constitutional.
The billboard doesn't mention Islam. It is merely a list. If any muslims are offended, it's because they identify with it and know it to be true. 
Post a billboard saying only "drives a van, has two jobs, loves his wife and his country," I'd know it's me, I identify with it.
Beneath you? Yes. But, sadly, not the least bit surprising :/
There is a website called Truthophobes that espouses the kind of "truth" posted on that billboard. They are misinforming people about Islam.
Oh really? How is it misinforming?
What statement(s) on the billboard are not true?
The child was 9 and not 6! They need to get their facts straight 
'A'isha reported: Allah's Messenger married me when I was six years old 
ahih Muslim, Book 008, Number 3309; see also 3310 and 3311
Anyone defending this is Depraved.
They still do this in the shit hole middle east, and much worse of course
Many are pushing 4 Sharia Law/Special Prayer priv.as Others aren't allowed!Freedom
Thank you @SenToddYoung for condemning this.
And yet you support a madman president who wants to enact a racist Muslim travel ban.
Its not racist. It limits travel from 5 countries. Islam isnt a race either dingbat. Its a criminal cult somehow classed as a religion.
Tell that to the brave muslim men and women who worked with the US Military in Iraq and Afghanistan & faced threats and death for it.
And okay, I should have said 'bigoted'. So much better to be a bigot than a racist?
Islam codifies bigotry.
Painting an entire people with the brush off their most extreme elements. No arguing with idiocy like that.
If they dont police themselves "for real" we will have to do it. Dont expect it to be pretty, snowflake.
Are the facts of Islam "disturbing" & "divisive", or just that someone publicly stated them? Why be leader if you're such coward?
How does this not educate? You & gutless leaders like u tell us we should respect Islam, a terrible ideology. This educates people about it
Thank you, Senator. I'm happy to have found common ground.
Is something about the billboard inaccurate?  Please explain, I'm genuinely curious
Yes, they have the right to put it up. Senator young didnt say they didn't. But again its that it was obviously done out of malice and hate.
Is it malicious and hateful to state the truth?  That's the truth if the Koran. Plus, it doesn't mention any religion by name.
Thank you Senator Young!
We don't agree on much, but when it comes to this type of ugliness, we agree. It has no place in Indiana. Thanks for speaking out.
THANK YOU. It means a lot for you to speak out against this.
Speak out against what?  It's factually true. Does that bother you?  IT SHOULD
Thank you for standing up to hate. Indiana and America have a lot of work to do when it comes to tolerance
Quotes from the Quran do not equal hate. They are simply facts.
Are you a scholar of the Quran? Or a guy who has "Trump" on his profile pic & hides behind a fake name? My guess is the latter
Thank you for saying this, Senator.
Why?!?!  Are you a Muslim?  If so, please tell me what is false about it. If you can't, why are you mad about pointing something that is tru
When its offensive towards someone to point out the truth, you know were in trouble.
It blows my mind he would post this. Where does it say anything about muslims?  It's obvious it's about them because it's true
I love how he said "rather than educate" when everything on the board was right about Muhammad.
So true
Thank you, Senator, for standing up to hate.
And to all you "it's true isn't it?" people... reread your bible. #GlassHouses
Why don't you reread yours?
Doesnt matter how many times u read ur bible u wont find that Jesus did any of those things.
There's' plenty of rape, murder, polygamy in The Good Book. Also lots of preaching about hospitality toward foreigners.
Luke 10:25-37
The Good Samaritan is about Jewish priests being selfish hypocrites, hiding behind the letter of the law and ignoring the spirit of it.
Freedom of speech!  if the illegitimate POS in the WH can lie and make up whatever drops in his feeble brain, it is good enough for everyone
How is the truth harmful? Are any of the things listed a lie? The truth will set you free.
We should elect a President and VP  that stands against this. #2020
Yes, but the 1st Amendment allows it.  You sound more like Mr. Donnelly these days.  Sad! Plus it's all true!
Pathetic and SAD.  Get out of the Republican party if you want to support those pedophiles.  We'll still have 51 - 49 majority anyways.
How can you protect us from Islamic terrorism if your too busy apologizing to it?
Nothing about it is untrue & if it's true there is no defamation how can truth be hateful? It just is. at war w/  ur own constituents
Take it down #indivisiblenwi  #Diversity  #civilrights
I found this very educational, and backed by the quran. I wonder if muslims are more outraged by the billboard or muhammad's actions.
Tell that to your president.
You live in a protective bubble...oblivious to the horror of slaughtered Christians and the Muslims who are against ISIS / Sharia Law.
Put on your big boy pants and tell them to name the terrorist in their communities and then American's will have respect for them.
hey milk-toast you may be offended but no denying it's the truth! Shouldn't that offend you more?
More likely 600 Christians these days.
Also, kinda' hard to kill 600 Jews theses days & live to tell about it. .
Well Sir, you're partly correct. They only have 4 wives at a time.
This is America, Senator! We have every right to criticize religions here. Christians accept this. Muslims who don't can leave
What Christian accepts this????
#the perfect man   Sometimes the truth hurts.  No more PC. It can get you killed.
Ich verstehe es nicht Sie sprechen über Beleidigungen? Ah, weil du Muslime wisst, wie man gut beleidigt
If it's the truth then it IS educational.
It doesn't name any person or religion so how could anyone be offended?
This incites nothing.
I suggest you research the TRUTH about Muhammed and Sharia Law.
The truth is preferred by all truthful people.  Changing the truth doesn't educate anyone, it just deceives them.
Muslims who don't practice this ideology shouldn't be offended. Their anger should be against those who do and rebuke this ideology.
You are DEFENDING an evil ideology when you object to being shown the truth.
What's disturbing is Sharia Law. What's disturbing is FORCING a CHILD into marriage. This billboard is about a disturbing ideology.
So what you're saying is that TRUTH is divisive and disturbing. Right? This billboard IS educational..it gives facts.
You Sir need yo wake up to reality!
Typical politician covering up the truth and they think if you don't talk about it it will go away. Listen to your voters
YES - This is Truth of the Times Now .... Truth sometime is Bitter ....
Its like showing Mirror to Muslim Community-almost All of them wl Keep Silent till they are in Super minority bt wl start revealing TrueFace
WOW, IT IS OK TO PUBLICLY ATTACK CHRISTIANS.  I DO BELIEVE THAT "WHOMEVER PUT THE SIGN UP IS PROTECTED BY THE 1st AMENDMENT
pretty dang tired of "CHRISTIANS BEING ATTACKED COMPARING US TO TERRORISTS, MAKING THEM REMOVE SYMBOLS OF OUR FAITH ETC
NOW SIR, I DON'T HATE ANYONE BECAUSE OF THEIR FAITH, COLOR OF SKIN, FAT OR THIN ETC. I think though that americans are getting
MUSLIM MEN ON HOW TO HAVE SEX WITH LITTLE GIRLS!  HE DID BEHEAD 600 JEWS IN ONE DAY!! SHARIA LAW SAYS WHAT THEY CAN DO!
SEX WITH HER!  IN ISLAM, THAT IS NORMAL, OMGOSH SENATOR THEY HAVE THE QURAN AND THE HEDITHE WHICH ACTUALLY INSTRUCTS THE
, I hate to say it "BUT I SUGGEST YOU DO THE RESEARCH BECAUSE HE DID MARRY A 6 YEAR OLD AND WAITED UNTIL SHE WAS 9 TO HAVE
They forgot to mention that if you don't like him they will kill you.
Do you know what Muhammed did in his lifetime?Why are you defending a murderer,pedophile, polygamist, rapist & an anti Semite.
you are one of those PC who will give in and allow American citizens to be killed before u would state the truth. Vote u out
I do not understand the outrage, what is not true on that billboard. If you think it's not true than you don't believe in reality.
Telling the truth is only offensive to the guilty.
It's the truth about islam. If the shoe fits and all. NO TO SHAIRA LAW!!!!!
I think this billboard does a great job of educating. Quit being politically correct and learn the truth about Islam.
Tell me what is a lie in this billboard.  It's historical FACT. Truth hurts I guess.
It happens to be the truth, why not educate with the truth instead of the lies schools teach.
Since WHEN is actual truth "beneath us"? As Truman said:  "If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen"!
Nomore outrageous than NYC Xmas Eve with T.Sq. billboard proclaiming "Who Needs Christ for Xmas?  NOBODY"/this is Islam
What you don't say is that it is a lie
Since when is telling the Truth beneath us????
Disturbing and divisive?  Have you looked at the number of terror attacks this ramadan season.  Mohamed was a pedophile homosexual murderer!
This sign educates, only those that choose ignorance would ignore it. Try research!
..It's the truth, you dimwitted, politically correct demtard.
This congressman supports pediaphiliacs
what they do is ok to offend us n rape our children, importing pedophiles n sympathizing with them?you must be one as well thxs 4 coming out
You're off Senator. This is the truth and the people of Indiana and this nation are tired of running from it. #banislam
Thank you for publicly opposing the message behind this billboard. I am sad my fellow Hoosiers would defend it.
can't stand the truth?
Every statement on the Billboard is true.
Free speech gives 100% HUMAN RIGHT to state opinions based on truth.
@indystar
Mr Young - are you saying the truth does not educate?
since when are stabbing, blowing up, and beheading Christians not offensive, and disturbing and tell me how it educats us
Well it's a great educative info on display. Truth must be spoken without giving a fuck about what is politically correct.Facts are facts !
Does facts educate?
It's all true!
Please explain to me why this billboard is offensive.
Do you have truthaphobia senator? If the truth is offensive, then your on the wrong side.
Who is this billboard talking about? Who is the "perfect man"? There's no designation, religion, race or personality there?
Screw em!!!  They never denounce violence or ISIS activity!!! They can't handle the TRUTH
I guess not..
Let them be offended Senator. Their "religion" is a disguise for child abuse against innocent little girls having their genitalia mutilated!
So now facts are divisive and offensive?
Freedom of speech is allowed in the . Islam is not welcome! The billboard is the truth. Stand up for American values.
With all due respect Young, you're an idiot. Get your head out of the sand and while you're at it, move from gated community & fire guards!
Why does oabout Muslims? How can they be offended in something they believe?
So, Senator Young, how then would you prefer to "educate" Hoosiers - like me - about the reality of radicals who call Mohamed their leader?
@SenToddYoung all it does is educated, sometimes the truth hurts, this world isn't rainbows and unicorns it's dark and ugly, time to wake up
Is any single part of it false? Can you prove it isn't? If not, how are facts divisive?
The truth always hurt. It needs to be stated, and it is therefore educative.
without a name on this billboard and all of the radical Islam extremist are pissed 
Least the no who their leader is
Senator how can you say that? Do you condone this behavior???? Are a shiari convert???
This is beneath us --disturbing and divisive. Displays like this incite and offend rather than educate, I disagree. I did some fact checking
THIS IS TRUTH

SENATOR 

TRUTH 

INVEST
It's all true. Why not let the truth be told?
- the billboard told only true facts about Muhammad. People SHOULD be offended, AND educated. Read the Qur'an and know.
It may be all the things you state, but it is also quite accurate and true.
But is it true?
But it is all true. Stop coddling them. They try to block the truth.
Why are you against learning history? Have you always hated education?
Awe shucks. Truth hurts. Sharia law is Bullshit. Mohammed was a pedophile. The End.
Your ignorance has lead you astray. This billboard is down the street from me and all of my neighbors and our communities LOVE this sign
Wait a minute, what makes you think they're talking about Islam?
Why are Muslims upset? Zero reference to Islam.
Divisive is these jerks blowing up kids at concerts. This is truth. It is meant as a wakeup call to the ones that won't listen
Senator you are a the typical capitulator. Keep bowing down and maybe they won't blow you up......today. Kissing their asses hasn't worked.
Resign, you don't know what you're talking about. Please take your PC bullshit elsewhere.
It's the truth. Why does the truth offend? Oh and btw the 6yr old girls name was Aisha.
This billboard describes a terrible person without naming him. Why should anyone be offended at the ridicule of such a man? Whoever he is.
Nothing on this billboard is false. Read Koran and Hadith and see for yourself.
Exactly!!  Behaving like that bloke from >1K years ago is disturbing, and clearly way beneath us.  #MAGA
I believe that is completely factual.  So now facts are beneath us?
As it turns out, the information on the bulletin board is correct.  Not understanding this causes inability to understand "radical" Islam.
Do you support pedophilia, child marriage, murder and beheadings.. and you are in congress.. typical...
It's highly educational.
I'm 100% for inclusivity and tolerance, I support my brothers of any faith. 

But every religion, including Islam, is up for criticism.
Funny how everyone know this is about Islam and Mohammed.. without mentioning either. Thruth hurts!
you drew the conclusion to islam bigot. nowhere does it identify 'the perfect man'. boohoo i don't like freedom of speech.
Trying to disrupt the invasion of Muslims is now "divisive".

Fucking cucks.
Odd.. looks pretty educational to me. When the truth upset people, that doesn't make it wrong.
The truth hurts his followers? He definitely wasn't a Devine being.  Stop spreading this false notion that everything's should be tolerated
It may be. But we voted you in to follow Trump.It isn't just muslims, but the truth is on that billboard.Please help keep vile Sharia out.
It educates those unfamiliar with the founding of Islam
Wow ....wake up Young...
Thank you Sen. Young:
http://heartlandnow.com/a-billboard-that-does-not-belong-in-indy/ …
Hahahahahaha you are a beta male
Since when has sharing truth been beneath us?  What percentage of your constituents knew these six basic facts?
is it True? Yes or No.
The billboard is pretty educational since it's accurate. Maybe you need to be educated soon to be former Senator?
That sign is spot on! It's a horrific religion and it boggles my mind why politicians are for it. If he was alive today he'd b in jail.
Is it inaccurate? It's not our fault the false prophet was a madman
Or maybe you're just a coward who can't admit the truth. Oh wait, you're a politician, of course you're a coward who can't admit the truth.
Bullshit, people need to know about the psychopath that started this political system cloaked in religion to understand islam.
Wishing I had enough money to put this up ALL over the Country. Beats CAIR'S billboard of Coexist w/Terrorist. America has AWAKEN
Seems like everything except capitulation is beneath you cripples in Washington. If you won't fight for us...we'll fight for ourselves!
I don't see the name of Mohammed up there anywhere.
What is disturbing? Do you dispute the veracity of the info, or placating to a portion of your constituents?
what makes you think this is about the prophet Mohammed?
disgusitng islamophobe you are
This is what your base looks like, Senator. Own it.
So when will you denounce your president, his administration and members of your party for nurturing this bigotry and capitalizing on it?
"Bigotry"? They're just FACTS about Islam. One can't criticize a totalitarian ideology that considers a pedo warlord "the perfect man"?
But... oh SO true
Another offended truthophobe. 
BTW... How did you guess who the perfect man was???
We need MORE billboards like this ! For over 1400 yrs Muslims have developed very complex forms of deceptions.
Senator, for once I can believe a politician when he says that objective fact is "beneath us"
better wise up
If the facts about their leader being displayed bother folks...Perhaps it's time for them to find someone else to follow.
Your mangina is showing.
The only thing sad about it, is when the truth hurts!
But it's truthful. No Muslim group has denied its accuracy.
It should say hates Bacon too
It appears you need to be educated Senator. I would suggest looking at T. Jefferson's writings concerning a certain religion.
So the TRUTH offends YOU?  What SHOULD offend you is that this is taking over our way of life - you're obviously ignorant about Islam...
Pull it down, put it in a vat of pee, take a picture and display it at MOCA.
This is so true though, and people need to see the fallacy of holding such a person as holy!!
why are you disturbed by facts?  This billboard is educating people.
. NO... it's the truth.
WHAT'S DISTURBING IS YOUR REACTON IS TRUTH YOUNG
