First time as a Hoosier I'm proud of my Republican Senator... keep it up please. Country before party to save our democracy. Thank you!
Were you not a Hoosier when Lugar was Senator?
Good point! He was willing to do bipartisan work for the good of the country.
Good
Any time you do not support Trump's policies it's a big surprise.
Speaking of, any statement on why Senate #AHCA gets no hearings?
We are following that vote from all around the world .. please can you tell us when will the result comes out .
Thank you SenYoung. Your decision gives me hope that this country can value human well-being over wealth&politics and use its power for good
Color me Stunned...
Congrats, Sir !
Idiot
This is a good decision. Thank you.
That's fine to oppose and shine light on this topic, but our President had a reason to do this. Respectful opposition will get us somewhere.
Finally #onetermtodd does the right thing guess he has been watching his mentor and predecessor Dan coats getting grilled on Capitol Hill
Please stop giving our tax money to foreign governments too, thanks
Good on you, buddy!!
Your stance is the correct one! No arms race in the ME!
Thank you, @SenToddYoung.  Please show the same measured restraint and thoughtfulness and vote against the Senate healthcare bill.
Thank you
Applause, applause, Senator. That's the right thing to do.
Republicans have no idea what they stand for. That is why we voted for Trump.
Thank you Senator! Respect! Now, continue to vote your conscious! I may not agree with all but I agree with this!
Glad you're opposing this, but it's also time to oppose #Trumpcare and Russian collusion.
Glad to see a GOP with clear thinking. Trump is a joke.
We do not agree on much. However I appreciate you standing up against Saudi Arabia.  I support this action.
Good decision.
#StandWithRand
trump-puppet I am glad you are standing up to trump's bad policies I hope you'll continue to fight what what is right, NOT what you're told
Thank you for your integrity. Please don't vote for the AHCA without pubic discussion and a GAO report
did you oppose obamas arms gift to the Mexican scum ? the uranium sale to Russia ? obamas money to Iran ? or are you just biased as hell ?
President is insane.   Say it.
good to hear
Thank u 4 opposing arms deal w/ Saudi Arabia. I hope u can persuade other GOP senators to oppose this reckless deal.
Thank you for your vote today against the Saudi arms deal.  Very disappointed in @SenDonnelly on this one. @INDems @IndGOP
Yes, I am surprised by your decision. More info please.
Glad to hear that Senator!  Now please do the same on the healthcare bill.  It is going to hurt a lot of us.
I would be good w/ US to stop arming the world- friend and foe alike. But that would be bad for business, right?
Thanks for this!
That's a start, now vote against the AHCA
Finally!!!!!! Senator proves he isn't a Trump rubber stamp.
I may disagree with you on a number of issues but have to thank you for taking this stand.
Thank you!
Is this just a  Convenient token vote that doesn't matter or will stand up and proclaim your party is wrong.
Great decision. Thank you
Finally. Thank you Todd.
I don't generally agree with you, but am glad you are showing some independence from the administration.
Please stand up to President Trump's treasonable acts.
Please say no to the health care bill as well .

This might be the first thing you have done that is for the good of all. Thank you.
We need peace and more weapons means more senseless deaths. I support #RandPaul #ToddYoung #AlFranken 
Non Partisan Senators 4 World Peace
Well thank you very much.   We the People are very concerned about Congress at this point.
Thank you for taking this principled stand.
I do not agree with Sen. Young's politics, but I do admit that by taking an unpopular stand he is putting his principles before his party.
Too bad for the USA we don't have more politicians with conviction. We need more like Sen. Young.
Thank you
I give you and your office a lot of crap but you deserve praise for this decision. Thank you, @SenToddYoung
Actually, it does come as a surprise -a pleasant one!  Now, surprise me again, don't follow party line on health care bill.
Have public discussion on #Trumpcare
You know what else isn't a surprise, Senator Young? Your silence on your Majority leader hiding a bill which will hurt Hoosiers. Do better.
The surprise is that a Trump puppet like you has misplaced his rubber stamp.
Stay on it!
How about your vote here in Indiana for healthcare? You won't be there long
I appreciate your thoughtfulness on this issue. And I think you make sense. Keep pressing for what you think needs to happen.
Thank you Senator.
BLOCK THE ARMS DEAL TO SAUDI AND STOP THE CHRISTIANS FROM DEPORTING BACK ILEGAL ARREST
Did you let obama do this?
Trump represents the GOP. His voice is your voice until you actively support impeachment. Anything less is irrelevant - Hoosier voter
No, we don't elect people in Indiana to mindlessly follow the party line. We NEED them to think critically & do what's right.
Thank you @SenToddYoung I appreciate your leadership on this.
Ya why arm isis
You don't want to sell arms to state sponsors of terrorism? Congrats on doing the bare minimum to qualify as an ethical human being.
Whats the plan on dealing with ISIS? So far, I like Trumps plan.
Suppling them with arms through Saudi Arabia? Destroying their country then refusing refugees? What plan?
At least two Senators aren't afraid to stand against Trump.

Thank you, Todd! Please also vote no on their "healthcare" bill 
Shameful that our enemies are the traitors within the @GOP.
Thank you Senator Young. Please don't forget the humanitarian effort domestically and support the AHCA.
Not good! Already becoming part of the swamp
You call yourself a republican and I call you a democrat and a traitor! You and other @GOP who stand against our president are our enemies!
I respectfully disagree. We need our legislators to think-not just to follow the party line.
a Republican with balls...how novel!!!
Ha! 
Please do something about Sessions wanting to go after Medical Cannabis Patients and Dispensaries. We are Patients NOT Criminals
@RandPaul @AkbarSAhmed
Get everyone else to say no too. No to the mess we are planning in the Mid East also. We will not recover from this one.
@RandPaul, @freedomcaucus, vote against arms to Saudi Arabia. Save #Yemen.
I Not  Trust No one around the world.
Thank you. Now vote against the AHCA that is being decided without input from your colleagues.
Thank you Todd! Now let's see about opposing the multi-billion dollar tax cut for Americans richest, also called AHCA. #NOTrumpcare
Where do you stand on letting the people see the Senate version of the AHCA
Do you approve of McConnell's tactics, Senator? Or did you abandon all your courage and integrity when you left the Marines?
Where was everyone when obama made the deal with Iran??? losers!
Good on ya
You are all now aware that some Saudis are sending money, no tanks or fighter jets to ISIS. This is all political grandstanding.
It's not even a real arms deal by all press accounts.  It's a bunch of vague letters of interests and promissory notes.
This Hoosier agrees with your decision. Thank you!
@RandPaul when will the government stop treating these countries as friends
Sounds like the perfect thing to obstruct.
@RandPaul @HuffPostPol I guess defeating Isis and jobs aren't important.
Country before party. Good on you.
Neither will your vote for Trumpcare.
Actually yes it does come as a HUGE SHOCK to the constituents that you've been IGNORING while doing trump/pence/ryan/mcconnell bidding.
Wise. Pres. oath is preserve, protect, defend Constitution and protect U.S. SA Human Rights record 1 of worse. 5 bill deal wrong, dangerous
it would be a surprise if you stood up to Trump in any way.
We finally agree. Thank you for this decision.
That is just and moral and I commend you for it.  Please also make the just and moral decision on healthcare when it comes before you.
Now please vote no for Trumpcare & please investigate Trump & his cronies on Russian interference in our elections
I don't always agree with you but this is definitely the right thing to do! Please vote NO on the healthcare bill that is being kept secret!
.@SenToddYoung now just vote against the healthcare bill and your constituents will be REALLY happy
You need to vote AGAINST  the #AHCA. It will destroy us.
yes!!!!! Good on you!
Thank you for doing the right thing, Senator.
Great Move, Senator!
Great job Senator. Please also vote NO on the AHCA, as it will make insurance unaffordable for me. 

Sincerely, one of your constituents.
