Maybe you're talking to the same ones over and over? If you listened to ALL of us, you might hear different.
Maybe if he held a town hall???
Why? Just to have the Left do theirrude routine?
Answering his constituents is part of the job.  Just b/c many are angry doesn't invalidate their concerns or right to be heard.
Shouting and vitriol is not a discussion make.  I would be afraid to attend.
It would be your choice to attend or not but it still remains @SenToddYoung responsibility.  Congressmen should have courage of convictions.
So he is to appear and be screamed at, all the while I can't be heard? That's a townhall? I don't want to be around such people.
- I'm a Hoosier: you should reject the nomination of of Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS. This is an illegitimate appointment. #SCOTUS -
How so?
- If you are seriously asking this question, you have not been paying attention & you don't understand our Constitution. -
Sorry, but I don't know to what you are responding upon.  But I do understand the C...
It's wrong to appoint anyone to SCOTUS while there are serious questions concerning the election of the President who nominated him.
You aren't serious?
I am absolutely serious
As am I.
Time & time again we've asked u to meet & hear from ALL the Hoosiers u represent & u refuse. U continue in putting party over USA.
Why? Would receive nothing but vitriolic words and actions. Wouldn't be saf to attend.
When will @SenToddYoung hold a town hall and listen to voters? Quit hiding.
You expect it would be civil? 
You represent ALL of us, @SenToddYoung , not just the ones that voted for you!! We do NOT want Gorsuch. We want a Garland hearing.
Funny, the Dems didn't want a hearing prior to previous admin change.  People have short memory...and selective.
umm..BullShit, time and time again you have ignored the will of Hoosiers! I know, I am one of them!Youre days Senator, are numbered!#resist
If you are so sure everyone agrees, why not hold a town hall meeting?
You only listened to a few right wingers.  THIS HOOSIER KNOWS GORSUCH IS NOT MAINSTREAM!  YOU REFUSE TO MEET WITH THE REST OF US!
Hoosier voter here. I ask for a no and no way on changing the rules. 60 or change nominee.
Rules just returning to those before Harry Reid changed.
Apparently none of the folks ur hearing from have Twitter accounts.
Wrong
Yay!
Don't saddle the American People with this albatross for life!  We deserve better!
You heard a hell of a lot of opposition that you have ignored. #lies
Not this hoosier
Mr. YOUNG.. your vision of gorsuch is WRONG. He EMBODIES NOTHING OF Indianas ETHICS, MORALS or IDEALS!
Too bad we have different definitions of mainstream.
really? What about the letters telling us you are voting what you want?
I was not one who sees him as mainstream. I asked you to vote no. At the very least, agree to vote no to the "nuclear option"
Nuclear is returning to rules changed by Harry Reid.
True. The context there was that the GOP was blocking every single judicial appt to lower courts. Supreme Court different beast. Unfortunate
Merrick Garland
Oh Todd. you just don't get it! Look at the replies. NO ONE, no matter their side is believing the "mainstream" shit. Meet w/ your BOSSES!
Disagree.
Anti-choice is NOT mainstream.
you shouldn't be confirming anyone nominated by someone under investigation for TREASON
YES!!  We needed a mainstrem judge!!!  Instead, you installed a bought and paid for corporate representative.  And you know it!
Six years goes by fast. WE WILL REMEMBER HOW YOU IGNORED THE REAL MAINSTREAM HOOSIERS.
And Obama found an even better individual, Garland, but no.Why? Racism? Partisan Pettiness? or do you just like the ones with ties to putin?
Racism? 
Senator, you've lost your marbles. You haven't done a single thing #Hoosiers have asked you to do. #goingtobeashorttermbub
If you've heard time & time again tell us how many calls for, how many against because I don't trust you.  ps - public trust is important
You also heard time and time again from Hoosiers who say Gorsuch is not mainstream.
Concerned about what?
So, @SenToddYoung  share with us all your quotes about giving Garland a hearing last year. Why do you keep embarrassing Hoosiers?
I'm a Hoosier and I am not embarrassed  look up the Biden rule to see why Garland never got a hearing
Joe Biden used it. It was good than it's good now. No judge confirmation in an election year.
Name the justice Joe Biden's words prevented from getting a hearing.
Like you actually listen to the people you represent. Right.
God damn, when do you run again?
So sorry to see you follow party lines- Gorsich is a classic case of legislating from the bench
if Gorsuch can't get 60 votes in Senate, he's not mainstream. He's an illegitimate nom by an illegitimate potus. Vote AGAINST
Thank you.
. Hopefully another.
When you are done getting this man confirmed, repeal Obamacare and get going on that wall!
Can 1 of the Devotees of the Liberal Religion define "Mainstream"? Also he was UNANIMOUSLY confirmed by the Senate 2 his last appointment
One more day and the waiting is over! Scotus Gorsuch!
Mainstream? That stream will have coal waste in it. Great plan.
Absolutely NOTHING about Gorsuch is "mainstream". .@SenateMajLdr was totally fine with the seat staying open for 5 years or longer. Why now?
This Hoosier vehemently disagrees! I am also disappointed in your support of killing the filibuster! Listen to us!!!
Not all hoosiers, including this one!!! Try representing everyone
This is a lie.
Gorsuch is a great jurist and deserves to sit on the highest court in the land
This Hoosier disagrees!!!
Disagree
This Hoosier disagrees
Yes, a mainstream justice, not a shill for big corporations and the religious right, so not Gorsuch.
Then CONFIRM a mainstream SCOTUS judge. This guy is not mainstream. He is way alt-right, dishonest to boot. Not out guy. #NoGorsuch
Make sure Donnelly knows Hoosier are coming after his seat! May want to switch parties, after all Dems aren't what they were
Gorsuch is NOT a mainstream nominee. Be careful for the future and do NOT use nuclear option.
@SenToddYoung , thank you for your hard work. I always appreciate the tweets--they keep me informed and help me look for other information.
This Hoosier disagrees!
Merrick Garland is the the only mainstream nominee that was put forward after Scalia's death. Gorsush is NOT mainstream in any way.
Trouble is, Garland issue already hangs over this seat. Add nuclear option to that, a cloud will hang over every 5-4 decision.
Gorsuch is far from mainstream.  Think Citizens United.  #NoGorsuch
Well this Hoosier really wonders if Gorsuch *is* mainstream. And if R’s go nuclear to confirm him, don’t count on my vote.
I'm sure when you talk to your pals @Heritage they say its the right thing to do. Too bad your constituents don't matter.
Not my choice when he displays his negative attitude towards women, based on his past quotes.
I disagree! First investigation of POTUS ties to RUSSIA!
I doubt that! We do NOT want Gorsuch!
.@SenToddYoung You’re doing a remarkably bad job. The 1000s calling since day 1 for you to not be a shill are the mainstream. #1TermTodd
No, we wanted Garland.
You mean Gorsuch, who thinks special needs children only deserve the bare minimum in education? I'm your constituent and I disagree with you
You're just a straight out liar at this point. Stop trying to sell us something we don't desire or need.
Keep ignoring us & you're #OneTermTodd How many hoosiers asked you to vote yes on heinous murder of wildlife? None. Shameful. Despicable.
He is not mainstream. I am a Hoosier. My vote will impact you if you continue to support an elected official that is under investigation
Gorsuch not mainstream; don't you mean Garland? Gorsuch seems to be a cheater in his writings and writes books on dying using no research.
Wrong. Gorsuch is not mainstream. We demand another candidate.
Gorsuch is NOT mainstream. If he was, you'd be against him. I want a moderate judge for SCOTUS.
You and the @SenateGOP refused to do your duty and consider a mainstream nominee in an unprecedented act of partisanship. #hypocrite
Lemmings following the destruction of the process right into the chasm. Thanks for nothing. #StolenSeat
Gorsuch is NOT mainstream- he is extreme. & plagiarist. NO PROBE NO ROBE
Not all Hoosiers Todd boy, Gorsush is a corporate tool.
This Hoosier has four words for you: Merrick. Garland. Town. Hall.
I'm a Hoosier, he doesn't embody any characteristics I'm looking for. Hold a town hall. Listen to real Hoosiers with real concerns.
The "no" votes here outnumber "yes" votes by more than 20 to 1.  Give Garland a vote.#onetermtodd
. IN does not want Gorsuch. He's pro-corporate (freezing trucker), anti woman and an unethical plagiarist. Not good for USA!
Dear sir, I disagree give Garland his hearing.
Hoosier voter here! Vote no to Gorsuch.
so why did senate pass on Garland?  Understand u weren't there yet but that was BS
Give us the numbers; what are Hoosiers really saying ? #resistance #indivisible
time and time again Hoosiers asked for a town hall; important you HEAR US #SOINDIVISIBLE #DEMOCRATS
This Hoosier does not see Gorsuch as a mainstream candidate. I understand that you will vote to confirm, but please, no nuclear option.
You support an administration of Russian crony kleptocrats.
A Hoosier would be kicked out of college for rampant plagiarism. Is he "better" than other Hoosiers? Different standards for Gorsuch? #Wrong
No you haven't; you don't even meet with your constituents, you nematode.
#Crickets
Obviously not listening to your constituents who said no.
IN voter here, Gorsuch is NOT for the best interest of the people, he has proven himself to be in the best interest of BUSINESS! VOTE "NO"
#onetermTodd
Gorsuch is not mainstream if he is against women's rights.
W/ a recess coming up, when will you hold a town hall or open your office to us fellow Hoosiers? You work for US. Meet your constituents
Mainstream? He led a group called Young Fascists. He plagiarized others work.
Fake News that dismissed after a day but apparently liberals still cling to it like you are doing
Gorsuch is a corporatist. Money is speech and corporations are people. Traitor. #GOPlies #GOPcrimes
The plagiarist? I'd prefer you pass on him.
Really, a guy who found for a company's profits over a man's life?
Praying for you across state lines senator. #confirmgorsuch
LOL...Finally a yes from a non constituent. #TownHallNow #voteno
Nuclear Option: I will remember your destruction of the Senate: #Gridlock continues! @Morning_Joe @washingtonpost @politico
do not confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch especially if necessary to employ the "nuclear option" and destroy the Senate forever!
You mean like when Sen. Harry Reid did it for Obama's appointee? Do some research
No vote on SCOTUS until After Russian investigation complete!!!
I do not doubt that the few Hoosiers you agree to meet would want this confirmation. Meet with more of us and you would hear differently.
Doesn't seem u've been listening to those who put u in your place. Continue to do such and we will take U out. Vote NO on Gorsuch
The feedback you are getting here does not support what you are saying.
Gorsuch is not mainstream.
Merrick Garland.
Funny, Garland was "mainstream" and couldn't get a hearing. #hypocrisy
Called and sent letters with the opposite view. Gorsuch is not an ally to the working class.
I agree that it is extremely important to confirm a mainstream SCOTUS justice. Gorsuch isn’t that. Vote no.
No, private, dark moneyed interests found an individual they expect you, Senator, to confirm.
I see that my calls & postcards have meant nothing to you. Glad that I am a transplant from MN so I can avoid deep Hoosier shame.
This Hoosier disagrees. Gorsuch is corporate tool & a cheat. Plagiarism is not cool & shouldn't be sitting on highest bench in the country.
This Hoosier disagrees as well.
no.
If you find one you should for sure confirm one but you need to keep looking
He likes corporations, you like corporations. He doesn't like ordinary people, like you. I can see why he has your vote.
Mainstream does not describe Gorsuch at all.
This Hoosier did not ask for someone like #Gorsuch! He puts corporations before men freezing to death in trucks!
Hardly mainstream and not Hoosier values. -- one of your constituents. You didn't do your homework. Do. Your. Job.
A corporate tool that will always put profits above humanity.
And Gorsuch is not mainstream. Spare me.
These are not normal times or did you forget what your party did last year in the Senate?
