I am a constituent in 47725.  Please vote no on DeVos.  She is unqualified.
higher ed won't be needed if you confirm devos do the right thing vote NO
I know a whole bunch of Hoosiers who would be very impressed if you #VoteNoBetsyDevos
don't lie, you want to make it more accessible for the rich.
. How many thousands of letters, phone calls & emails have you received asking you to vote NO? Why are you ignoring Hoosiers?
#reality  looks like you were all excited to take DeVos $$$
you voted for DeVos and that was a terrible mistake! You know she was not qualified for that position
if you actually cared about public education, you would obviously vote NO on Betsy DeGross
IF this is true, then you must vote NO to DeVos!!  She is simply not qualified for the position!
- please vote no on Betsy DeVos if you truly want to help in education
DeVos bought u all! Explain how this benefits our kids (not ur wallet)! #ShameOnYou #UrGreed>OurKids
so you confirm Devos who would gut the public school system that majority of Ameicans depend on?
You make me embarrassed to be from Indiana. We will see that the vote you sold comes back to haunt you!
It's hard to take your commitment seriously when you Vote yes for DeVos.  Shame on all of you.  You know she's not qualified.
And yet today you thumbed your nose to all education. Better start gerrymandering. #RememberIn2023
has to know how unqualified Betsy Devos is to lead this nation's education department.   Vote NO!
Why bother when DeVos will ruin pubic education? Vote for our children, not for politics. Vote NO.
Vote NO on DeVos-your constituents are begging you! Don't want look like vote is for sale do you?

yet you supported an incompetent person for Secretary of Ed! #shameonyou #NotoDeVos #sellout
I am a voter from 46220 zip code. Please vote no for confirmation of DeVos!
And yet public primary and secondary schools are neglected, evident by your DeVos vote
Do the right thing by students and hold out for a nominee who is actually qualified for EdSec.
.@SenToddYoung @marcorubio @purduemitch Sure. You could probably get four years with 48K you accepted from @BetsyDeVos. Community college.
u lost my future vote today
are you also going to oppose DeVos since she is completely unqualified? our children deserve better.
higher education won't matter if public schools are decimated by DeVos. Please vote no.
Mr. Young, we see your vote on DeVos. WE WILL NOT FORGET NEXT TIME YOU ARE UP FOR ELECTION.
If you truly care about education vote no for DeVos
I urge you to vote against the confirmation of Betty DeVos. Her perspective will irreparably hurt public education
Vote NO for Devos! Indiana and US owe our children better!
Vote NO on DeVos. She is not qualified to run Edu. Our children need you to do this right.
I would believe you if you responded to your numerous calls, emails, and tweets from constituents against her.
Please stop blowing us off regarding DeVos, its rude. Please vote NO regarding her appointment.

@SenDonnelly I am a constituent in 46038. Please vote against DeVos. Our kids deserve better.
that means strong support for public schools confirming besty devos is not supporting public schools
you still have not made your position on Betsy DeVos public as constituents we have a right to know.
yes!! You can't do this with @BetsyDeVos
You excited about getting guns into the hands of the mentally ill?
what abt protecting public education for Hoosiers?? Vote NO for DeVos.
campaign $ speaks louder to you than the pleas of constituents. #DumpDeVos
yet you support DeVos. Can't speak out of both sides of your mouth. #DumpDeVos
prove that you care about education! Vote no tomorrow! DeVos will ruin our education system!
Then why did you vote DeVos through committee??????
Your constinuents would be happy if you would work with them too.
if you don't vote NO on  DeVos our children will not be educated enough to apply to a university
Yet you support the total destruction of k12 public ed. What is wrong with you?
how about vote big NO on Devos.
cool! I am up for that. One way to do that is to vote NO for DeVoss. Your voters are watching.
as someone who works in higher ed, this is great! If you support this, how can you vote for Devos? #VoteNoDevos
Tell your constituents where the "future income" will come from, if they decide to START a business?
This legislation will at once enslave labour to corporations, and therefore harm SMALL BUSINESS
I called your DC office today to say DO NOT vote in favor of Betsy Devos
Than do not support DeVos
I'm a constituent from 46017 please vote No for Devos. Listen to your voters not your donors.
20% interest and no bankruptcy relief? Higher cost than student loans. More screwing of middle class
please vote against DeVos!
Please respond to your constituents about DeVos.  Not too late to do the right thing.
vote NO Betsy DeVos!! She's not qualified.
but yet your vote for Devos signals that education isn't important.
If you care about education, VOTE NO ON DEVOS. The people have spoken. #VoteNoDevos
speaking of education- your hypocritical vote for Devos will link you to FAILURE. U lost my vote
then don't vote for Betsy Devos just because she funded your campaign. Show you really care about ed.
this sound great for higher education costs. Please stand for all education by voting no for DeVos
but why Falwell? Why Title IX De-regs
ISAs are interesting but I am concerned that they would penalize the best and brightest. http://hechingerreport.org/some-investors-universities-see-a-return-in-fronting-students-tuition/ …
vote against DeVos I ask you as your constituent
where do you stand on Betsy Devos? You seem to be avoiding your constituents on this question
Yes, what experience does she have to make policy at all levels of education in America?
senator young pls respawn
He voted for her in her earlier in the week.
Yes, but so did Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski will vote against her in the Senate vote on Monday. @mixzawa @TragedyAnnn @SenToddYoung
if you truly care about education vote no for DeVos
Do not confirm DeVos. She will hurt our education system. I know. I have had 39 yrs teaching experience. She has had none
Please stand for high standards and vote against unqualified Educ secretary nominee #DumpDeVos
vote no on Betsy Devos
Then vote AGAINST DeVos appointment. She doesn't support public higher education either.
Yet if you confirm DeVos, accessible and affordable higher ed won't matter to women impacted by her destroying Title IX
