Despite what @SenateMajLdr claimed last year, there was no precedent for ignoring a President's nominee for 10 months.
Yes there is. Biden Rule.
Some idiots will believe anything. Let me guess, you're a ditto head?
I believe the words out of Biden's mouth and in the Congressional Record.
1) Not a "rule." 2) No vacancy existed and importantly 3) Regardless he said confirm current Admin's nom after the election. Not next POTUS.
It was clear from Biden's statement that he would have followed that rule given the opportunity.
If the word "rule" wasn't even used until 2016, maybe it wasn't a rule?  Nobody in 1992 gave a crap about what Biden said.
a Republican POTUS. Tell me that if the tables were turned, you wouldn't be saying the same thing
how many votes did Garland get?
None. He wasn't entitled to any. Biden Rule.
Biden didn't use his "hypothetical comment" in the real world! There was NO opening on the supreme court at that time! Seriously!
And it wasn't just a comment.
If it didn't happen, it was a comment.
Doesn't matter. Plenty of precedent before that.
So you're insisting Biden obstructed a supreme court nomination, whether he did or not?
what about not hearing a SC nominee for a year? #MerrickGarland
Biden Rule.
You can stop posting that since the 'Biden rule' is not a thing & doesn't exist

Don't @ me again, you're wasting my time.  Thanks
At less you're not trying to say that the Biden Rule doesn't exist. I've demonstrated it does. Bye
Careful #MitchtheBitch That "nuclear option" will come back to bite you! that #StolenSCOTUSseat belongs to MERRICK GARLAND
No, it doesn't  belong to Garland. Biden Rule applied. It has come back to bite Schumer.
I suppose if anyone knows about making up bullshit norms for SCOTUS nominees, it's you.
So you are willing to dismantle gov't just to win? Filibuster is allowed and necessary.
That's rich coming from you!! 
You sir are wrong.
The party bullshit is stupid. Do your jobs- protect and care for all people and the environment. Root out injustice. Stand for what's right!
Pointing fingers is so childish, Mitch.  Worry about your own shame.
.@SenateMajLdr You don’t get to do the Pinocchios thing. You enable a professional liar daily.
let's get Gorsuch confirmed now!
SKEKSIS!
there has never been a "standard" to not have hearings for qualified picks
This is now called the McConnell Rule
What's the rule for nominees of Presidents who are under FBI investigation?
& despite YOUR claim there has never been a "Biden Rule.
A 60-vote bar helps to ensure that the SC is independent of the president and one political party. #NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe #StopGorsuch
Well following what you did to Garland no president in his final year should nominate and Trump is under criminal FBI investigation
Well you broke it first by not allowing Merrick Garland a vote or hearing. THAT HAS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE
Too bad, So Sad, off! No SCOTUS 4 a Treasonous @POTUS!
<-----Traitor
Why are you still supporting anything this criminal puts forth?
im sure there is a "no nominations if the potus is a treasonous ignorant nepotistic kleptocrat" standard, it just hasn't applied b4
Since Trumpsky won't be prez for a year ,no scotus for you! Oh and #CountryOverParty
LIAR LIAR LIAR, Why are You Allowing a Traitor to choose a SCJ? B/c Heritage put his name on a list? NO Garland No Gorsuch!!  #noprobenorobe
@SenToddYoung Gorsuch's legitimacy is already suspect w/Garland issue. Add confirmation by nuclear option and you have a very big problem.
By continuing to remove all incentives for bipartisanship from the system, you'll only worsen the partisan polarization crisis we now face.
There's never been a refusal for a year to vote on a SCOTUS nominee, either.
If you think you're voting for a Supreme Court Justice now, you picked a bad week to stop sniffing glue.
@SenateMajLdr  You have been awfully quiet because you don't wnt Trump to tell you WIFE. "YOU'RE FIRED.
There's no "No nominations in the last year of a President's term" standard either, you turd gherkin. BTW, your boss is a traitor.
MER  RICK  GAR  LAND  #MitchLIES
Too late to preach Mitch. You lost your credibility the day Barak Obama was sworn in.

. @SenateMajLdr  FACT: No Justice appointed by a President named Trump has ever been seated on SCOTUS. It would be wrong to start now.
And we take this as a sign of your honesty and decency??Leave the Senate and try standup in Louisville
One word: Garland. You reap what u sow hypocrite
I honestly hate you more than Trump. You and your dimwitted turtle smile. I will donate to every single candidate who runs against you.
Stop trying to take the moral high ground. You STOLE the Supreme Court Seat. You are just as corrupt and morally bankrupt as 45.
Nope and you don't hold of nominees in the last year of a presidency either
There's never been a President with such a low approval rating
Zero credibility. His allegiance is to is party first and somewhere near the bottom, maybe his country.
Merrick Garland. @SenateMajLdr did this. You set this dysfunctional precedent.  Own your mistakes.
you created this Political mess
I see your three pinocchios and I'll raise you two middle fingers
I can't wait till citizen united goes away then maybe u will too. U r bad for our country.
tRump is in the last few months of his presidency so he shouldn't get to choose a SCOTUS nominee.
Did I say "cheating"? I meant political maneuvering! KY certainly deserves better, after you tried to cover #russiagate as partisan politics
And there has never been a president who wasn't allowed to fill a SCOTUS vacancy and yet that's what you did to Obama.
There is also nothing in the Constitution forbidding SCOTUS nominees in last year of POTUS term. Your hypocrisy is astounding
You were great in Kung Fu panda
You're the genius who got @gop stuck in +%!;# and @realDonaldTrump is set on sinking them in it! Congratulations! All the cheating paid off!
How about the "Biden Rule"? That's not really either bro.
I want to go back in time and join in the bullying you obviously endured as a child.
"One of my proudest moments was when I looked...Obama in the eye and I said, 'Mr. President, you will not fill the Supreme Court vacancy.'"
This is not governance. You do not care about this country. Power over responsibility for you.
U been senator since 1985, getting obscenely rich while denying us deserving taxpayers a high functioning government. U work 4 us, grifter!!
according to your interpretation of a hypothetical by J. Biden - since Trump is actively campaigning, Gorsuch can't be voted on either
Nor a real "Biden Rule" of no nominations in last year of Presidency. Yet that lie served you well, Senator.
Note to future historians:  Mitch McConnell is an excellent example of what folks in the 21st century refer to as an "asshole"
you stole that seat from all of us THE MAJORITY who voted for Obama. You eroded democracy and are no better than 45!
Why do you lie? Don't you know that everything is researchable? Are you just so old you operate from idea your words are unquestionable?
The whole SCOTUS thing is wrong.Look since you're mostly dead why not do the right thing for once?
Are you fucking serious?
Never has there been a 12 month stonewalling to prevent even a hearing.... Stop trying to rush the issue
Then u should have voted for garland and not been and A$$hole. U can't make it up as u go and be a hypocrite
Lol wow you have no idea how SCOTUS voting worka do you McConnell. 
Garland.
Did you take money from Russians?  Your wife?
you wanted to wait until the people spoke, they did they choose a democrat. Give Garland his chance now...or were you lying?
How do you sleep at night after vomiting such absolute hypocrital bullshit? STEP DOWN. You don't deserve this job
And there was never a "standard" when it comes to advancing a POTUS' choice for SCOTUS in the last 11 and 1/2 months of a term
Despite Republican claims, there has never been a "no last year" standard for SCOTUS nominees
@SenToddYoung   GetJudge Gorsuch in now! You have the power! Stand up and stop letting democrats bully! Corrupt as democrats?
Yes their has. And McConnell it was bi-partisan. But that was before the Tea party infection and Trump.
you giving something Pinocchio's is pretty rich buster.  what the actual fuck!
and pay special attention to the one not only confirmed but nominated after the election.
why didn't Garland every get any hearings on his nomination? total OBSTRUCTIONISM by CROOKED GOP republicans!
Congress needs to WAIT until FULL INDEPENDENT Russia-Trump INVESTIGATION is complete before proceeding with this vote!!!!!!!!
GARLAND  You obstructed for 8 years & promised to do the same with @HillaryClinton. KARMA @BarackObama was a REAL President
Rather than try to prove Dems wrong, how abt doing some actual work that benefits the real ppl you represent?
What goes around comes around. And Norquist's "useful idiot" won't be around much longer.
Oh the irony of you using that pic. Granpappy ya done lost the farm again. Are ya off yer meds? Sleep now noble turtle...Sleep
.@SenateMajLdr of course there is. It's called McConnell SC rule. Which can be coined at any time under the McConnell rule of Biden rules.
.@SenateMajLdr @rustiest @roxannelwright how many pinocchios did McConnell gt for inventing 'Biden rule' on the spot? Hypocrisy at its worst
You're a thief, robbing the American people of president Obama's rightful nominee. You will be remembered as a corrupt pol.
you have no right to point a finger at anyone and call them a liar. You're one of the biggest one of them all.
You ignore law, the Constitution, the good of the American people, and make up "rules" to suit your own bottom line. Shameful.
STOP. You have a filibuster problem, and we're not gonna stand for any politician gaslighting us: Trump, Nunes, or you.
and despite @GOP claims there never was a Biden rule
wow what balls you have #MerrickGarland.
MERRICK GARLAND
Thats right Mitch, you tell them, keep taking control, don't let them control us, keep leading Mitch.
Oh the irony...
YOU ARE A BAD PERSON.

garland
Silly.
You are a evil man.
You have to have credibility to rate Pinnochios, nitwit.
so when do your lies ever stop?
History will not be kind to you or your nilhist, hateful, destructive party. 

Mitch McConnell: saboteur & traitor.
The 'McConnell Rule' - instituted 2016 - is that only Republicans get votes and if they can't win they change the rules
you are such a hypocrite
have you in your entire political life ever created anything other than obstruction or lies to aid obstruction? Embarrassing
What say you about that 'last year of a presidency' thing? Any precedent there? Or, was that just a temper tantrum? Got it. 
Change the rules or cheat whatever it takes! The Russipublican way. WIN WHATEVER IT TAKES!
Someone not have even 51 votes to invoke nuclear option?
You have no shame! Your mother should wash your mouth out with soap for that lie!
Hush now, Methuselah. Go get your rest.
You are an embarrassment! Your days in the Senate are numbered.
There is no rule that 8th yr President is not President enough to nominate and get a vote on SCOTUS nominee
GARLAND  You obstructed for 8 years & promised to do the same with @HillaryClinton. KARMA @BarackObama was a REAL President
G A R L A N D, you immoral hack.

Don't feel guilty about nuking filibuster. You said it. Do it and 2018 will be huge backfire on that one. Good luck turtle.
Did you draw that yourself, @SenateMajLdr? A self-portrait of u, Trumputin, & KellyAnne Conway! Y r u tweeting WaPo? DT says they're FAKE!
. And yet, you made up the rule to stop President Obama's nominee. We're not stupid
only when Dems pick'em, amirite?
You broke the Senate with 8 years of tribal obstructionism. Best remember your own warning...
Pot calling the kettle black!  You are a liar and you blindly support the liar in chief.  You've got no room to talk mister.
You of all people to say anything about "standards". Darth Turtle, You're a silly one.

Nor has there ever been a "no nominations in the last year of a presidency" standard.

But that one was OK because YOU made it up. …
It's the new #McConnellRule: no vote on SCOTUS when the executive administration is under federal investigation. #Trumprussia
Respectfully sir, I think you should really consider how your legacy is being damaged right now. Not much time left.
should ha e thought of that before you crapped all over Merrick Garland, Mitch.
hey you turtle faced lying hypocrite, delete your account. Or better yet, ask the head cheeto to get Vlad to hack it.
fuck you, dickhead
Of course bcuz doesnt count as lying if u outright say u wont do your job! Feels shitty to have nom. blocked for nothing, huh?
you stole our pick so #GFY
- Considering how you screwed over Merrick Garland, you have a lot of nerve...and no shame!
I cannot tell you how much I despise you and your party...
You really want to argue precedent? You? Really???
you're pretty much the definition of hypocritical gall, senator...
Why dont you give us the names of SCOTUS who have been seated with less than 60 votes.
correct
Clarence Thomas vote: 52/48
Samuel Alito vote 58/42
60 votes only if successful filibuster
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Appointment_and_confirmation_to_the_Supreme_Court_of_the_United_States …
Proof that ALL Supreme Court Justices MUST get 60 Votes in Senate, Thomas is a Sexual Abuser and a Dunce...Alito is a Dunce, just like Gorsu
I see you validated your lack of intellectual maturity. Name calling is so adult and mature.
M.E.R.R.I.C.K G.A.R.L.A.N.D
If we're handing out buttons for lying why don't you stop bringing up the "Biden" rule. It was never used, thus, not a rule.
You  calling someone.... (oh I can't breathe) a liar!?!? #insanity #bestexample of the need for #termlimits #unpatriotic 
You lying a 
A true expert in saying nothing technically false in the service of always lying.  Genius. A con man of the first order.
Merrick Garland.
stop lying you turtle fraid
remember when you lied and said there was a standard of not nominating a SCJ in a presidents last year?
Merrick. Garland.
there was never a 'cant hold hearings for nominated SC Justices yr of election,' until you made it up
*Merrick Garland intensifies*
