Insurers are NOW upset with skinny repeal. You should look to fix ACA and get over the LAME TRUMP CAMPAIGN PROMISE. Work 4 HOOSIERS, not $$$
We voted you into office, not TRUMP!!!
trump-puppet voted for worst bill ever, not knowing what was in it, it's cost, how many people it would hurt! SAD! 17% favored it! U Own it
Proceeding to take insurance away from veterans, children, people with disabilities is not moral. You should be better than this.
How many hours a week do you and your staff spend raising money for your campaign??? You should be able to answer that, right???
You have abandoned your constituents to give Donald Trump a win and attack Obama.  I hope this spells the end of your career.
Meanwhile....I still can't afford health insurance.  DO SOMETHING!
Ummmm, no @SenToddYoung.  I've written you about this already.   Nearly everyone...??
Call Sen. Young Indy office 317-226-6700 & tell him to vote NO on Repeal/Replace. Washington DC @ 202-224-3121. Make your voice heard.
@SenToddYoung Your constituents will remember your vote against #ACA. #RepublicanRepugnant #SaveMedicaid #ACA
You haven't worked for anyone but your Republican leadership. You are a liar and don't represent Hoosiers
you are a liar! sabotaging a law to destroy it, is not AHA fault. you could improve the law and quit working against it. vote no on repeal
how many of your constituents voiced their concern & asked you to vote no? We're waiting for you to explain the benefits IN?
I would love those numbers. Care to release them?
You lack the courage, honor & integrity so cherished by the Marine Corps. Your vote could've devastated Hoosiers, including #vets
16 million people are going to lose coverage in the first year, so you can talk to Scaramucci about what you can do.
Don't think for a moment that skinny repeal can't become law. You will own the collapse of healthcare. Vote no and fix the ACA
It is time for town hall meetings! You need to listen to the residents of Indiana. This is to important to vote a straight party ticket on.
I know the bill failed, but still, really, really disappointed in you right now. That bill was reckless. Be a responsible human darn it.
they are fleeing the market because of politicians like you...., and mergers..you are a fine trumpie, aren't you
This sounds good, but it is complete crap when @SenToddYoung goes on to vote YES on every ill-conceived repeal option. 

He is no leader.
Hoping DEMS win your seat for your reelection. You are only voting party line instead of thinking of Hoosiers.
Senator, I hope you are hearing your constituents and will now focus on a real bipartisan solution. We are disappointed in you.
This reckless 'skinny' repeal passed in the night could not be further from your promise to "work with my colleagues" This fixes nothing
I hope this is true. Hope you will listen to Sen McCain & not be subordinate to the #SoCalledPresident. Listen to @SenDonnelly.
What a traitor to your home state you are. One term Senator Mr Young. You shame Hoosiers along with @VP
You're promoting a clown show that would put millions lives at risk just to do something against Obama even if your bill is way worse. Shame
If you see Sens. Collins, Murkowski, and McCain today, please say "thank you" for me.
Issues with ACA CAN BE FIXED , U JUST DON'T WANT TO FIX THEM. WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU? GET ON THE BALL !  INSTEAD OF RAISING MONEY !
Your colleagues have had Years to offer constructive ACA improvement. You have done nothing & continue to seek only hlthcare destruction.
Your statement is fallacious! (That means it is Wrong!) Get your act together and do what is right for human beings (that is people).
PLEASE fix the ACA.  Keep our new rights, negotiate lower costs & cover more people!  We don't want to go backward!  PLEASE protect US!!!
We are proud of you, Todd.  Don't listen to the haters!

FYI Class action attorneys are chomping at the bit to file."Depraved Indifference Death" charges against all signers of bill for deaths.
Improve, stay in the nonsense that has us stuck for the last 7 years!!  Talk to the CEOs of hospital systems in our state of Indiana please!
You don't give a damn about Hoosiers! Quite obvious based on your voting. Shame on you!
I will pay you 30 pieces of silver if you will allow my the tiniest taste of your indifference for the weak and the poor, so strong it is..
My statement on your vote:
You are a traitor to the Hoosiers who elected you. We were promised better healthcare for less $. We are waiting.
Doing nothing is preferable to passing an anti-health "plan" that would do harm. Work for a bipartisan solution.
Unfortunately this is worse than doing nothing sen. options on the table are devastating to Americans, 20mil lose coverage, unacceptable
Explain why you're ok with taking care away from my child with special needs who NEEDS ACA to stay healthy. Shameful.
Please leave ACA alone. Hoosiers overwhelming want to keep it!
voting to straight repeal was a poor path to take. It would result in further destabilization.
Cruelty to the infirm is not a virtue. to "save face" on all the empty @gop rhetoric on repeal despite knowing it wil cause suffering #shame
Sad. You have no plan to improve the ACA so you vote to destabilize it.

Dems got CBO to estimate impact of GOP “skinny repeal” bill.

One takeaway: Uninsured would go from 26M next…
Please read the Bible before voting on policy:
Do NOT undermine the ACA by passing the Slim Repeal.  After break, work across the isle to fix the problems in the ACA w/o sabotaging it!
The ACA can't be fixed with partisan politics.  We need QUALITY, affordable healthcare.  People will die if you undermine our new rights.
The ACA needs to cover more people,bring down premiums,maintain our new consumer rights & basic minimum coverage.  Fix it; Don’t destroy it.
As long as you and your family has the same health care that you pass
It's only in a death spiral because people like you have worked to kill it.
America and Hoosiers disagree with your actions. You might know that if you held a town hall
This whole thing doesnt sound too popular Todd. Hahaha. Todd. A senator named Todd. Explains it all!!!
If you sell out Indiana families and they end up uninsured, no one will forget and you're done in Washington.
Why don't I believe u?  How much money did the insurance company pay u?  U turned on us for money.  U need to go
You say you will "work w colleagues to find a solution." But you just voted to repeal w/o any plan to replace. How do these 2 ideas mesh?
Single payer, perhaps???
How many thousands of Hoosiers are you willing to sacrifice with your vote? 10k, 20k, 50k? Reckless, hateful, irresponsible!!!
Irresponsible.
Can you promise that millions of us will not be shafted by the result?
Ensure you come up with something that benefits each and every one, not just the wealthy this time. Taxes is NOT robbery.
@SenToddYoung starting my campaign now for #1TermTodd
Insurers are leaving because you are defunding ACA. Fix the ACA - work together with Dems and stop being an obstructionist.
Not trying to fix anything but your bank account. GOP refused to work with democrats. No hearings. Bill is secret. You lie.
I am disappointed in you. You did not represent me or the vast majority of Hoosiers in your vote yesterday. Do NOT repeal ACA! Save lives...
"Quality and affordable insurance" is an oxymoron. Private insurance companies are for profit and will literally kill to stay in the black.
Why is there so much talk about "working with both sides of the aisle" so little actual work?
Where's the part about doing what Mitch McConell says?  I think that's missing. Completely unacceptable.
I'm so disappointed in your decision to ignore your constituents. Stop your party line voting and think of the Hoosiers you represent!
Shame on you.  You are not representing us.
Doing nothing IS not an option. Stabilizing the ACA is the best, smartest, and most humanitarian option. Choose to serve humanity.
A non partisan approach is key to improvement.  Please adhere to your statement and do not support a simple repeal bill.
You have yet to workwith the democrats. Your health plan includes cutting Medicaid. Stop the politics and keep the ACA and strengthen it.

After rallying on the Capitol steps, I met w/ disability rights activists who are fighting for their lives & right to health care each day 
What is your position on the use of medicaid expansion for disabled Americans?Who have you reached out to in the current senatorial session?
Does the Hoosier families you claim to proudly serve include the 1 in 5 Hoosiers on Medicaid; including 600K children & pregnant women?
Please Senator Young, don't fail your Hoosiers who depend on the healthcare.
Hoosiers don't want this. We want you to improve the ACA, not destroy it. #KillTheBill #VoteNo #onetermtodd
You've turned your back on your constitutes. We overwhelming don't want this. We won't forget your vote in the voting both, #onetermtodd
Statement fails the sniff test. CONTINUE TO WORK...? BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE...? Work for whom? The 1%?? 12 men + closed doors = travesty.
Please do not vote to approve Trumpcare bill.  Work with ACA to improve.
Where did you go to school? The Betsy DeVos Center For Kids Who Can't Read Good? You're a disgrace to this state and to America.
Great diversion but the questions is how do we know you support our healthcare when you've not told us which version of the bill U support?
It's pretty clear you don't want to talk to me but that's part of your job. The beneficiaries of dismantling the AFA are in the top 1%.
You MUST stand behind the people of Indiana. The answer is NOT to take away health care from millions.
I am disappointed in this clearly partisan party loyalty. I have , along with many others in your district, spoken  and you did not listen.
Repeal your healthcare.
ACA is in trouble because the GOP/@realDonaldTrump have sabotaged the administration of this legislation.  GOP has no interest in healthcare
Mere *hours* later, u voted *yes* to try to rush BRCA:
On to stable, guaranteed universal healthcare then? Access to market NOT the same. It is also not freedom, other than to go bankrupt or die.
Unacceptable.  You could have worked with Democrats to improve the ACA.  Instead, you have shown that you simply are a partisan Republican.
Gutless coward.
Where is your statement on why you voted "Yes" on the amendment without analysis on its effects and after only a few hours of debate?
IF you vote to repeal ACA instead of fix EVERY person in my family will vote to send you into HISTORY.  Never to be heard from
Have you seen Dems plans?  Which do you support?
Doing nothing might not be an option, but how is stripping millions of Americans of their healthcare the right thing to do?
When you say "Nearly everyone agrees..." is that like when @realDonaldTrump says "Many people say..."? B.S., basically. Just ur own opinion.
Our healthcare system WAS fundamentally changed. It just needs nurturing and support to succeed. Don't be neglectful.
@SenToddYoung  Please don't vote to repeal the ACA in such a haphazard way. These senate bills are heartless acts of pride, not good policy.
Shame
So you voted yes to take away health care from working and poor people while enjoying tax payer funded health care. Hypocrite much?
The 'death spiral' you all decry is blatant sabotage by the @GOP Stop lying & actually do something that benefits people, not just the rich.
Educate yourself about the "death spiral"
They are in trouble because of obstructionist @GOP who care nothing more than getting the rich richer.
Do you know how many Hoosiers on Medicaid? 1.5 MILLION. I know fully educated, full-time workers that use it for their disabled daughter.
And even if they were unemployed/no college education, they WOULD STILL DESERVE IT. Americans/Hoosiers deserve AFFORDABLE healthcare.Period.
More reading.. in case you decide at some point to actually care about your constituents/Americans #COUNTRYoverPARTY
Per CBO, higher deductibles & premiums under GOP plan would further make coverage unaffordable for millions. http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/06/26/cbo-projects-that-22-million-would-lose-coverage-under-senate-bill/ … 4/9 
@SenToddYoung Hoosiers will hold you to a bipartisan solution or you will be #OneTermTodd #SaveMedicaid
I want to thank you for your vote. It reveals your lack of integrity and almost assures you won't be re-elected. You're disgusting.
Does anyone reading this know how we can remove this guy from office? Repeal and replace Todd Young. Buyers remorse. 5 more years is to long
Ashamed to have you represent the Hoosier state. GOP is a bigger threat right now to America than ISIS is. Might as well bomb Hoosiers.
(Indiana resident) Fine, but why the divisive and misleading language of the far-right? There's no death spiral. Just work on the problems
I bet Todd Young didn't vote to end his taxpayer funded healthcare
Republicans sabotaged Obamacare so they could give the rich a tax break they didn't need.our country shouldn't be just for the  rich.
Clearly you neither listen to nor care about your constituents.  Immoral!
Then please work with both sides of the aisle on a plan that helps Hoosiers instead of blindly voting party-line. Don't be one of those.
Damn. A lot of angry Hoosiers. As they should be
Can you not use Obamacare as a base and then make corrections and improve it, instead of smashing it and starting over again?
Fixing the ahca care is an option. It is in need of repair not replace. It has never been a "disaster". 32 million without insurance is.
Articles of Impeachment of POTUS needs to be started immediately. Boy Scts negative disgraceful speech.
You betrayed the people of this State. You cower to a Orange tyrant. I will do everything I can to stop your re-election.
I really don't think you have earned my trust!
Its called the risk corridor and you can thank Little Marco for attaching that rider to a debt ceiling bill that scared the INS Co out!
Maybe to the insurance companies.  And if some low life senator doesn't torpedo the plan by un-funding it them crying "it is dying".
I can't believe that you actually had the nerve to say your bill (whatever it might be) will provide long term stability to Healthcare-
You all (R. Senate) should be ashamed of your lack of action.  I know I am ashamed of them!
I really can't understand why none of the Republicans have the guts to say NO!  Is it Christian to take from the poor and give to the rich?
Foolish Young one, I disagree. Only abusers profess to love what they will kill.  Perfect is the enemy of good; you are the enemy of good.
You're a constant embarrassment to our state and will be held responsible if my friends and family lose coverage or die due to your vote
Single payer system is the only solution to control costs! Remove the profit motive! Do the right thing. Same insurance for ALL OF USa!!!!
I hope you mean what you say. Only 2 insurers left in the Exchange in IN next year is a problem
There is no "death spiral" & insurers are "fleeing the market" b/c of uncertainty created by Republicans. #TrumpcareKills
Maybe Senators are out of league coming up with an healthcare plan. Perhaps top notch Drs & administrators should be selected to proceed.
Save the ACA. You can improve on what we have now or go with single payer.  Anything else will kill thousands.
Very disappointed in your vote. Work to fix the ACA and improve, not burn it to the ground and say your party can do better. Work together!
Take on the insurance companies! Improve the ACA do not repeal. Oh yeah, and start listening to your constituents, not your party.
Trump says Senators who don't vote for Trumpcare will be in trouble...i'm pretty sure the opposite is true.  Sad!
Your votes tonight are devastating to Medicaid and do nothing to provide access and affordability to vulnerable Hoosiers. Not about the ACA
You lie...#ACA is not in a death spiral, 45 is killing it. How about a few town halls, come to Fort Wayne to discuss this with us voters.
After your BCRA yes vote tonight, we now know for sure you don't stand up for Hoosiers. You are a phony. You WILL own this.
You voted for the BCRA this evening. That bill would have resulted in much higher premiums and deductibles than the ACA.
The BCRA was defeated and was harshly criticised by experts and industry execs yet you voted for it knowing it would cut Medicaid.
You & your staff have been disengious about your position. 2 weeks ago, ur staff said there was no bill. Today, they said you were uncertain
Yet this evening you voted for the McConnell monstrosity knowing it would harm millions. Disgraceful and dishonorable.
How much debating & working with colleagues on both sides did you get done in the 5 hrs before you voted to pass the bill?
Please talk to @SenFranken why today's votes will hurt most of the American people in favor of insurance companies.He can explain it to you.
yeah how bout we join the rest of the world and give everyone free health care? I will gladly pay a little more in taxes for it
Private and employer provided insurance has been an anchor holding people down for too long. Time for single payer or at least public opt.
This vote is sad.  Ur legacy rides on the next 48 hours.
But yet you just voted for BRCA which would exasperate every problem you just described, why lie?
They lie bc they have no respect for those who voted them in & expect with vote suppression/culture war/gerrymandering, they'll never pay.
I'd prefer it if @SenToddYoung would defend it on its merits: Sick should die from treatable diseases while the Kochs deserve tax breaks
I hope you don't leave 400 thousand Hoosiers and 32 million Americans high and dry
Thank you, Sen.
Senator, I hope you will engage in transparent debate and find a way to build on the ACA's best parts. We need you to do the right thing.
Shame on you. @GOP can pretend that you aren't hurting anyone but you are condemning millions of ppl to death or proverty. Evil.
Lot of problems with ACA could be instantly solved with stopping Republican sabotage. As for other issues Dems and Repubs can work them out
Proposed Republican plans solve NOTHING!! 
Yet you voted for BRACA tonight, which would deny coverage to many veterans and pregnant women. So much for working for a good bill for all.
First vote: no bipartisanship, no compassion = a lack of truthfulness
#onetermTodd
I just hope you represent our STATE and not your party. Leaving millions of people uninsured and taking away healthcare is NOT THE ANSWER.
I'll add my voice to the chorus.  Just no.
Well, it's about time you realized you have to work together.
Must #SaveMedicaid - will @SenToddYoung listen to @TheArcUS about needs of people with developmental disabilities? #HCBSwaiver #autism
How many thousands of Hoosiers are you willing to see lose everything if they happen to need medical care?  Do you have a conscience?
You left Medicaid out of the conversation.  You say you "proudly serve Hoosier families."  This says otherwise.
Shame!!
This does nothing good.  Look into the actual cost of health care.  Insured pay less than not insured, or not in group plan.  Why?
The citizens of Indiana do not agree with you.
Without pre-existing protections and Essential Health Benefits, any vote you give will harm nearly all Hoosiers.  We are watching.
Enjoy your job now. You won't have it after 2018.
Coward. You know this will kill my daughter. I've told your staff repeatedly. Listen to your constituents. Hoosiers over the hill!
I read your email today and would greatly appreciate it if you would work on a bipartisan bill for healthcare. That would earn my respect.
Tried to email your site but it is down. I am a nurse, mom, and grandma so please don't let my family and profession down with this bad bill
Just say what you actually mean Senator. "I'm voting to cut taxes for the rich because I don't believe poor people deserve healthcare."
Except hospitals ,insurers, AARP, AMA, all know you're lying. It's going to be a short run for you, hope you have a back up job.
When are you going to start helping your constituents and stop towing the party line?
stop being a sheep and stand up for the people of Indiana or you WILL be voted out - we won't forget
Sorry.  Keep spouting the rhetoric.  GOP and DT have been undermining the ACA.  Insurance companies and big pharma have record profits.
If the #ACA is in a death spiral it is due to #Sabotage  here goes another against you. #shameOnYou
I need details. Which Dem senators are you working with? What improvements are you suggesting?       1
Will you commit to not repealing before you have a replacement? When will you meet with your constituents?      2
How could you? You claim to be Christian? I call a phony
Stop working for your party and start working for the people of Indiana. No one should be stripped of their health rights.
Nice tweet. Meanwhile emails & calls to you go unanswered. My vote is easy: whomever runs against you next time around gets my support.
This is a good rough draft, but still needs some work. Here, I fixed the first sentence for you. (http://www.npr.org/2017/06/28/534612954/just-17-percent-of-americans-approve-of-republican-senate-health-care-bill …)
If you don't like that one, here's another option (http://www.cbsnews.com/news/doctors-health-organizations-reject-senate-health-bill/ …)
I went ahead and took care of the second sentence, too (http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ …)
3rd sentence didn't do justice to the gravity of the situation (I guess YMMV, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/i-dont-know-how-to-explain-to-you-that-you-should_us_59519811e4b0f078efd98440 …, but also see https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/07/23/thousands-nuns-urge-senators-vote-against-obamacare-repeal/502885001/ …)
The second half could also be more honest (refer back to http://www.npr.org/2017/06/28/534612954/just-17-percent-of-americans-approve-of-republican-senate-health-care-bill …; see also your Twitter mentions)
The last little bit is obviously just a typo (LOL). I like the rest, though!
Fix the problems with the ACA. Do NOT scrap it for the sake of tax breaks for rich people. You will be held accountable for your vote
Thank you Todd
Vote "NO" on killing hoosiers. Dont take there healthcare, to give the rich tax breaks.
Everyone agrees Trump has tried to kill ACA. Fully funded & tweaked it offers prime care. Drop your own health care before you drop our ACA.
TrumpCare hurts Hoosiers! Hurts Americans! Senator work for us!
Single Payer Now. It's no longer about insurance. It's about a gov't that allows price gouging that no other developed nation does. IN voter
Ugh! Hoosiers are smarter that! The current program is not in a death spiral! Quit lying!
Shame. Hope you enjoy your great healthcare for life, while 1000s of Hoosiers have NO HEALTHCARE. We no longer trust you to rep us.
I'm sorry Senator but I don't know how we are enhanced by hurting poor and sick people
A reasonable statement and position but for the gratuitous and inflammatory death spiral language.  Sen. Young almost took the high road.
We begged you to vote no and you ignored us.
I hope you're afraid of losing your seat.
What features would you support in a replacement. Does anyone know? #savemedicaid
#savemedicaid
Single payer, socialized medicine! That is the only way to go!
Your DC office told me today you don't support hearings, testimony from 3rd parties, legislative process. How does this square?
That is a false statement. You are lying to not us, but yourself. We here in your district, will not forget today.
I don't want to go back to insurance that doesn't really cover anything.
Why don't we draw doctors in from every single state to determine on what exactly isn't working well in the ACA.  Then listen and fix!
