
FREEDOM BABY YEAH!
you're a joke. $$$ is all you care about. Can we vote you out in 2018?!
government oversight protects people from carpetbaggers. Of course you want to end it.
First and last term. #draintheswamp
What will you do to ensure clean air & water when regs cut? America could be clean energy leader, tech & manufacturing jobs.
YOUR REASONING IS TOO GENERIC. Partial truth is a LIE. HOW about EAST CHICAGO  wayer soil problem. OH its region
do you like clean water? You won't see much of it in the future with no EPA.
as I travel Indiana I am constantly reminded how bad the roads are, the damage done to my vehicle, crooked GOP=no road repair
So brake lights on cars offend you? Why not ban regs on RR crossings? Or ban pasteurized milk?Fire/electrical regs on homes?FU
If there is any environmental damages for those communities how does this legislation protect them?
good idea. Everyone-- let's harvest/burn more coal. Patch up unsustainable jobs. Short sighted. You are.
sarcasm.
your op-ed piece presents zero facts or stats to back up your opinion. Weak argument. BISS does not make it true
Our clean water is not to be sold off for coal company profits. Why else repeal regulations that protect us and our resources?
Do you have proof that the Stream Protection Rule doesn't protect streams? Without it, your argument fails.
retrain these coal ind workers. This tech is dead. Move on. Wake up! Otherwise there will be no planet/water/air for our young
Todd Young doesn't listen he votes for whom can line his pockets with money
Sen.Young supports regulations of the E.O. does that mean he doesn't care about the rest of it, like the earth?
yes! Lets sell off all public assets to the highest bidder! Like Betsy DeVos! We see how you roll.
you will allow our water to be poisoned for the almighty dollar which you deemed more important than human lives
"The American people can hold us, their elected representatives, accountable for heavy-handed rules coming out of Washington."
The results of unregulated coal mining on Indiana streams
@CalebGrssm
It's time to end our use of coal! Besides, Indiana has a plethora of natgas and it burns MUCH cleaner.
#notodd #nextelection
This is whar deregulation brings you, greedy self interest
Your repeal of clean water protections against polluting industries is as heavy-handed as it gets.
I hope & expect that we shall continue to preserve & protect the environment. Without a healthy planet, Americans will suffer.
everyone suffers. We are not on this planet alone.
Very good point.
like dumping pollutants into streams and ruining drinking water?? Gotcha!
and go back to unsafe working conditions and polluted water and air, just to name a couple?
let's start by voting out a few regulators
Thank you, Senator, for your vote on this destructive regulation!  There is not enough mercury or coal dust in my water. 1/2
Because I work, unlike the paid protesters who have replied, I have to rely on coal companies to provide it for me.  #idiot
The responses here would indicate you're not listening, do you think you'll be voted back in?
but entry in an era where you can buy your way into the government, how much money did Betsy DeVos give you
I call BS! Deregulation is what allowed greedy big box stores to run mom&pop's out of business, you need a history lesson!
I believe the Republicans have made a Faustian bargain. Deregulation will pollute, exploit, and corrupt the USA.
https://twitter.com/SenToddYoung/status/827550754546339840 … Youre beginning an Era where paytoplay politicians flourish  @ the cost of its citizens.
We are ending the era of overregulation. Read more from my op-ed in the Evansville Courier and Press. 
http://www.courierpress.com/story/opinion/2017/02/02/young-lets-end-era-overregulation/97410254/ …
ANSWER YOUR DAMN PHONE! We have the right to voice our opinions! You are Shameful!
enjoy this term,it's your last! I will fight tooth&nail to make sure you do not represent our great state again!
, paying attention to the voters much? less regulation on banks? Really?
what about when regulations help the economy, health care, etc?
actually, regulations save our planet and our economy from greedy selfish people like @realDonaldTrump
how about you end the war on our teachers and our youth. #voteNOforbetsy
Yeah! Let's dump more coal waste in the water system? And don't forget the lead!
apparently you have forgotten what caused our economy to almost collapse a decade ago...or you don't care.
Don't blindly follow other Republicans! Remember why you're there and who put you there.
only if you are the first to drink the water after a breach!
You are wrong.  You are short-sighted and are joining the vindictive leadership in Congress.  Shame.
review your PBS debate.....you campaigned to work for ALL Hoosiers. Do your job.
I love regulations that concern clean water
what you are doing is the accepting the private GOP cult agenda of destroying middle class! not governing!
you had 8 yrs and you chose to do NOTHING but OBSTUCTISM. and now U want to play like U care about middle class
Overregulation comes from GREEDY/morally corrupt business's that don't protect workers or environment! GOPsheep!
Why doesn't someone answer your phone. I'm from Indiana and I get no answer. Ditto your website.
What about protecting our environment. We need a healthy planet for our children #regulations #environment
sure turn the reins over to the foxes. 15 counties doesn't constitute a majority of IN voters
great coal dust in our stream...so proud.
.@SenToddYoung "time to allow Hoosiers to pursue their livelihoods without fear that a rule passed by unelected bureaucrats"  - Like DeVos?
fellow Hoosier here. I'd rather have clean water but hey, that's just me
me too.
If we are to deregulate industrial pollution , we must hold accountable the corporations that profit from it.
Can be done through elimination of 'Corporate Personhood" used to mask their env. destruction. #MoveToAmend
We need to worry about how your decisions are affecting our drinking water and environment. #wearewatching #yourjobisontheline
The coal industry is dying because there are much better ways of getting energy, not regulations. This is not good news.
Coal industry less than 1% of GDP in IN. But, hey, who needs water. Equitable trade.
Long overdue!  #DefundEPA a rogue agency if ever there was one!
Dodd-Frank was in response to specific flagrant incidents of fraud and corporate predation.  What are you doing to protect it?
Exactly how does the regulation banning coal ash in rivers & streams "not protect rivers & streams"?
Clean energy is the future. Why don't we get Hoosiers into sustainable jobs that are also sustainable for the environment?
over reg? Is that like the Bowling Green Massacre?
I like clean water
do you not remember 2007? #financialmeltdown #wallstreetmeltdown #recession #bankingfailures
I'm starting early: #DumpYoung You do not represent the people of IN.
Bad Idea! I mean- do you really think us Hoosiers DONT care about our water and climate? What an insult.
silly us with all of these stupid regulations, just because we selfishly want clean water and air.
some regs protect citizens and the environment. Like the ones you're rolling back. Plz work for us, not against
we're asking for clean water and a healthy economy. How are regulations trying to achieve that a bad thing?
this is what we need to invest in.
poisoned water supply in northwest Indiana, probably caused by mills! I want clean air/h20 more than coal jobs!
please research selenium in coal ash before you decide to remove environmental regulations

.@SenToddYoung @courierpress The regulation that prevents them from dumping disruptive amounts of mercury in public waterways? priorities 
yeah, gotta "disrupt" that water industry man
history went out the window, super fund sites, the need for OSHA, IMSHA, or lead in the drinking water,
i enjoy clean water, clean air, not having polluters dump debris in our streams.Your dismissal of our env is sad
Please cite 3 other regulations that you think are overreach & their cost to industry. Numbers make a case, not griping.
Also evidence that the regulations don't actually protect the environment. Just bc he says it, doesn't make it so.
I see LOTS of griping but small biz people, especially, rarely if ever put up numbers to back their claims.
you're supporting coal mining? Is this 1895? Train workers in new skills and advance our state.
Indiana needs to be innovative, not regressive. You'll #payatthepolls
Regulations= clean air and water and hold polluting industries accountable.   Your mother raised a rubber stamp.
what if we got away from coal and provided job training to pivot workers to the renewable energy sector?
How about you pay attention to the destruction of the Exec Branch of what used to be our govt?  Seems a bit more pressing, no?
The coal industry employs 3500 Hoosiers and accounts for 0.5% of the star's GDP.  Env and tourism jobs more important to IN.
So you're saying you don't care about protecting our health and environment? Indiana wants #CleanEnergy!
Because coal/fossil fuels are not damaging at all? Other industries have adapted and moved on. Why not energy?
Banks gutted us once. Shame on them. When they gut us again, shame on you. Your constituents are watching.
except when it comes to women's reproductive health, apparently...
You mean like this.  Were you in a coma in 2007.  I remember some problems with banks.
http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/03/politics/trump-financial-executive-actions/ …
laws forcing mortgage companies to lend when they shouldn't have led to the inflation of housing prices.
the inflation gave false impression housing would always increase in value. Idea was proven wrong and prices fell
it is a nation of people you serve, not a corporation. How short-sighted to be turning back protections so fast
Todd Young represents what's WRONG with the Republican Party. #heinousbuffoonery
Trump wants Americans at the mercy of Wall Street and bankers with no one to protect them,  and you are letting that happen
Ending over-regulation by letting coal companies dump shit in our waterways? Can't say I'm excited about that, Senator.
if that's true, sue for damages. That's how you regulate companies.
Or, just a thought, the government can protect the commons.
but then it has to be perfect. Companies learn to game the system. You have more protection without regulation...
because you, the individual, actually has an avenue to get recourse when damages are evident.
Right. Lets just scrap government and rely solely on civil cases for redress. Alternatively, the govt can do it's fucking job.
well, you seem to only understand extremes. Did I ever say to eliminate all regulation or all government?
I like clean air and water.  Don't you need them too?  What are you some kind of robot
Do we have to end democracy with it?
We have been At the END for 7 Years of Mr. PEN
