taking away tax credits for local& state income & property taxes will not fly with the citizens. Vote NO on this legislation!!
I know you're somewhat new to this, but you might want to take a closer look. This is NOT a good plan for Hoosiers or the working class.

What a hopeless fraud you are.  Did you study taxes at Trump University? I cannot wait until you are voted out of office.
What is the Plan? Only thing I hear is Corporations and Top income brackets are getting tax cuts How about Average Americans
According to Trumps #s today. About $9.62 per week based on $45k per year What will you do w all that money?
Pay the extra tax on fuel.
U would be $18 closer each week to your $150,000 per yr Cancer Pool pre existing condition health insurance they are going pass eventually
A 2% tax hike on the poorest and a 4% tax cut on the richest whilw the middle class is basically untouched. It's more trickle down crap
I hope you're reading these @SenToddYoung because we in Indiana expect you to stand up for US and not yourself and your rich friends!

Analysis: President Trump’s tax plan benefits the wealthy, including Mr. Trump. via @NYTimes https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/27/us/politics/trump-tax-plan-wealthy-middle-class-poor.html …
Bottom rate goes from 10% to 12% and that is a break for the working class? GOP lies get gross at tax table!
This is what a real response looks like, and what your constituents want. Do better.

You're selling out everyone but super rich if you support TMP give-to-rich, take-from-poor tax "plan." So, STOP it! Repubs just give to rich
BS!  Just the same crooked GOP trickle-down economic policy the GOP has been pushing for 40 yrs, Greed will be the end of the USA!
Mercer-money chaser
History shows tax cuts to most wealthy never benefit the rest of us. Hoosiers need you to vote no.
Delivery of goods to corporate overlords is within reach!
And the rich get richer! But, 45 says he won't benefit from it! Liar liar liar!
https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/big-six-tax-framework-provides-windfall-to-high-income-households-with-working … Liar liar Todd!!!
You promised to balance the budget. Trump's plan will balloon the deficit at the expense of the middle class. You lied. Again.
Nice statement with a beautiful background. Unfortunately lowering taxes to reduce deficit has never worked
But he has no credibility & he's the #bankruptcy king. #ratings #MAGA
No longer concerned about the deficit?  Tax cuts for ultrawealthy & businesses don't convince me
Impossible to with all the outright lies which have come from him.
More GOP bullshit. Billionaires do not need more tax cuts. Stop lying to the people. #TaxTheRich!
When do I start getting my 1.37/day elderly care credit? Wow!
The carried interest provision that lets hedge fund billionaires pay 15% is still in there despite Trump’s campaign pledge to drop it.
I noticed Senator Donnelly is not behind this 100% and is already being threatened by Trump. Stick up for Hoosiers. Trump has no power!
Debt debt debt we need revenue to pay off debt not tax cuts
Just keep thinking Kansas, Todd.
I'm a small business owner. I don't want lower taxes. I want ethical, equitable governance. If the latter achieves the former, fine.
Thank you for speaking up.
No.  Snake oil.
Oh my you want to give the rich more handouts! You have it backwards. They need to be taxed like they were when Ike was president.
cutting corp. tax can only help the working man to have more opportunities foe jobs. Sen. Donnelly needs to step up foe Hoosiers
really? Giant tax breaks for wealthy & corps? How are you going to pay for this? Show me where tax breaks Stims Econ longterm
So where's your tweet on your position regarding Graham/Cassidy?
We are watching...will you be voting to deny consumers the option of joining class actions suits against Equifax & others that rip us off?
Again, you are a joke.
Just get it done!  Do something!
What about Puerto Rico? Oh that's right you all do not like people of color
Apparently he can convince you of anything, you know it it's all lies. I guess you don't
What happened to conservative GOP? More debt! More hoarding wealth at top. Funding the rich and killing programs people need! SAD!
And who doesn't like fair and balanced?
Don't believe Trump. He never let the truth get in the way of improving his own personal situation.
You know it doesn't work! Anyone supporting this proves they don't work for Americans and need to be voted out
Trump is too stupid to come up with something like this but his advisers did. Rich bastards don't need tax cuts. Indiana will go in the red.
Make it a dollar for dollar tax cut.  If corporations get a million dollar tax cut, you pay me $950,000 so I may have the same benefit
You do not speak for the majority of your constituents. This is a shallow tax break for the rich while the middle class & poor are screwed.

Fall in line, when will you have an original thought?
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
Like you care about any of us, right.
What a farce
Oh, Todd, you've been drinking the Kool-Aid again.
Plus, he claims he wants to help middle class and poor, then says he wants to get rid of estate tax, which is only for the super rich
If you believed him you are showing your lack of intelligence.
Really? You'd sell your soul for anything/anyone that benefits you and your cronies.
You think he has one? I'm not so sure anymore.
Nope, just more lies.
Not enough information.  Stand up for low and mid income Hoosiers.
If @realDonaldTrump releases his tax returns, Senator, we can go from there. Until then, this is hypocrisy to the nth degree.

You're full of it you toady
You, Trump and your entire heartless, lying party only serve your rich donors. You rob from the poor to give to the rich! #ReverseRobinHood
What a life of crap! Same old trickle down economics. Vote no on taxes until he shows his!!
Girl please, you know that is bullshit and you and your staff will hear about it when I call your offices! #TaxReform #beoriginal
Do math, Todd. 
According to DJT #’s he gave out. Couple w kids make $90k, get $1000 per yr.-$9.62 week each. Big deal. How much the 1% get?
Wow. You are a bold face liar.
Give us the details. What makes this so good Hoosiers? You would have voted yes for the G-C Repeal bill. How can we trust you now?
Pardon me if I don't believe you.
Wow. 
No, Dude. 
Just, no.
Do what is right for your constituents. Crawl outta trump's rear end.
He can't!   He's a @GOP puppet from hell.   Cult member 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Todd_Young . Here's the ONLY place that mentions your party.   @GOP is that shameful?   Yup!!
Trickle down has NEVER worked. Any tax plan that gives cuts at the top is DOA. We need more revenue, not less.
We are so tired of this GOP game: 1. massive tax cuts 2. freak out about ensuing deficit 3. cut funding to programs we depend on, or love. 
Also no corporate tax cuts until every loophole is closed tight. If it's 25%, they should all pay 25%.
...and stop fossil fuel subsidies, they need to be taxed extra to build a hurricane, fire, flood, refugee fund.
Which reminds: if you aren't calling the White House & McConnell, & Ryan every hour about Puerto Rico, why not? Waive Jones, send all help!
this
Minimum rate raised from 10% to 15%. Poor pay more. US at max employment so no jobs will be created but the deficit will skyrocket. Stupid.
Nobody believes this shit anymore, Todd. We know what’s going on.
Too bad your biggest concern is kissing Trumps ass
It's amazing how EMBARRASSED you are to be a Republican!   Your party affiliation is NO WHERE on your Website.
I prefer accuracy over your "convincing case". It does not help average Hoosiers.
You just had to endorse the lies
Trump must release his taxes so we can see how much he will benefit from this plan. Profiting from his office is against  the Constitution.
It's great pass it
lol you misspelled "upper class" and "big business"
Is every Hoosier a millionaire? Maybe you should read the tax package again
99.6% of the benefits go the top 1%
Tax reform and cut, nothing less!
And once again, you’re wrong. Like you have been in everything since you’ve taken office.
The Bush tax cuts were touted by the GOP also. Greatest recession occurred soon thereafter.  Facts are not on your side Senator. Try again
He's a former Heritage Foundation member.   No surprise he supports tax breaks for the wealthy!!!
How about Budget Deficit I am afraid it’s gonna be huge and you will try to cut Social Security and Medicare to cover to pay for Rich’s Tax
Yep.
Trickle down economics has never worked. Never. I thought you were into evidence-based legislation.
Are you high? Tax the rich more, tax everyone else less, so we have money to buy their stupid crap to live our lives and retire HEALTHY
I haven't seen anything of Trump's do good yet.
Get it done!

Town Hall in Fort Wayne, I REALLY want to ask you some questions about this joke of a tax cut proposal.
Statement by @realDonaldTrump & @SenToddYoung is BS
It is trickle down economics wrapped in a new package overwhelmingly benefiting the rich
Oh FFS, it's like we watched two completely different speeches.  This is another scam by the GOP to reward rich donors and big business.
WRONG, Senator. Middle Class with high cost health care or deductibles will be far worse off. You are screwing everyone over 50.
Good grief, you can't believe what you just posted. It is a plan that will only help the rich. You have to know that.
He does...he doesn't care.  His donors are telling him what to say and do.  Todd Young, bought and paid for.
What is cut?
26% tax cut for everyone in the top 10% of earners and a .3% tax cut for the lowest 30%. Good for donors. Bad for middle/lower class.
Over 80% of the tax cuts would go to the top 1%. Who do really work for? Not the average Americans.
You guys suck, more handouts for millionaires. Shocker.
Yes and that pesky Estate Tax, so we working men and women who are leaving our families, estates valued in excess of 5.5 mil, no more worry
They have a lot of dummies thinking they fall into that inheritance bracket. Glad u mentioned it!
No, it wasn't convincing. You weren't listening, but you're like that.
He doesn’t answer his phone. That’s for sure!
Tax cuts for the rich donors. Inheritance tax cut for estates over $5,000,000. Trump tax cut. Will not lower debt but increase it.
