The media absolutely interviewed white supremacist Hoosiers displaying their hateful beliefs in #Charolettesville. I hung my head in shame.
Fringe?!? Traitor Trump leads them, fringe is you! You who enables Traitor Trump Daily!!
#Trump and the #GOP have no interest in tax REFORM - what they want is massive tax cuts for corporations and the rich, higher taxes for us.
Wow, such a strong statement, Todd.  Come the fuck on. Hold @realDonaldTrump to a basic American standard - not being a racist bigot.
As a Bloomingtonian, implore u to explicitly denounce white hate grps. Aryan Natn HQ is in IN. 4active KKK grps in Indiana. NOT fringe.
Say his name!  Chickenshit.
And you've lost my future vote. I'm ashamed I voted 4 you in 2016. I had more faith in you after I heard you speak at SOCC. I was wrong.
Every minute you provide cover for POTUS, you perpetuate the bigotry and racism his presidency has provoked. You shame Hoosiers everywhere.
I'm not providing cover for Trump at all. Hope you meant that only for the congressman.
Of course! Not directed at you in the slightest.
Trump's attack on GOP senators are part of his plan to diminish the legislative branch & consolidate power. Time is running out to stop him.
Just imagine how much more you would see from Hoosiers if you would ever host a public meeting with your constituents.
Please call for dismissal of Bannon and Gorka.
Fringe hatred? Neo-nazis safely nestled in the WH helping the GOP spread hate. Your blind loyalty says all we need to know about Todd Young.
Sorry @SenToddYoung that is not my experience in Indiana. You want to actually listen, i will tell you.
He will listen if you pay him.  That is how prostitutes operate.
You have missed every opportunity to criticize Trump when its merited.  You own Trump at this point.
That hateful fringe votes GOP, Todd.  GOP needs to look in the mirror. Bloomington 47404
The problem Sen Young not all Hoosiers get love and compassion from other Hoosiers. Mention this & You can change it .instead of nice words
Love and compassion? This is in Indiana
Ambiguous just like our POTUS. Which fringe? Both of them? Both of them? Take a REAL STAND. Condemn alt-right kkk hate out loud!
You know what.  This is BS.  Your @POTUS is white supremacist sympathizer.   Hoosiers deserve better representation that your idle tweet.
POTUS has lost touch with country; and now has no moral authority. American tragedy when POTUS won't stand against Nazi and Klan Terror.
CALL IT WHAT IT IS
WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM

THIS IS LUKEWSRM COWARDICE
And yet that 'fringe hatred' supports Pence/Trump. Which side are you on Senator?
Pence stands by Trump. Would you dare speak against him- I would be shocked if you did.
I fear it is too little too late. You boys have courted these types of folks for years - Trump exalting & empowering white supremacist
We have 26 hate groups operating in IN. Your president just empowered them
C'mon Todd, your response is even weaker than Trumps. Voters want to know how you feel about white supremacy.
Nice to hear anything from you, where have you been? Time to start making a difference and distance yourself from POTUS, a delusional liar.
Should I remind you the KKK came to the Hoosier St in 1915 and is still strong here today...so don't kid yourself! #Resist #RemoveTrumpNOW
Hey- prominent Indiana speaking hate. Still want to say it's not here?
That's all you've got? You know there are white nationalism groups in IN where KKK once ruled politics.
Will you go so far as to speak against the statements by Trump specifically?
You are talking about white supremacy right? You know guy who murdered that comrade?
Are you paying attention, Todd?? I think #hoosiers are telling you to #ManUp & stand up to the #RacistinChief. Pick your side of history.
Fringe hatred?  Try blatant hatred and willful ignorance on too large a scale.
Let's see you make some choices based on love and compassion. Haven't seen it yet.
Do you explicitly condemn neo-Nazis and white nationalists?
If you cannot condemn white supremacists and neo-nazis, BY NAME, you are complicit.  Plain and simple, Todd.
I know better than to expect you to show any spine or grit, and yet I am still disappointed in this cowardly, mealymouthed non-statement.
GOP business as usual confirms beliefs of violent racists, emboldens them.
Consider maybe not stoking racist flames in between tragedies.
Your years of silence and your support for bills based on racist myths speak louder than one pat tweet does.
So you're gonna push big against racist voter suppression in Northwest Indiana, right?
I don't see a condemnation of white supremacy, NeoNazis or NeoConfederates in this tweet. Weak, like Todd.
Why can't you call a Nazi a Nazi? Or a terror attack a terror attack? Letting them hide behind a "fringe" label helps them. #Charlottesville
You hide behind words, now standup and tell your president that hate and, like VA gov said,  white nationalists are not welcome in Indiana.
The White House is the new fringe?  These people believe they have support from the very top.  He gives them no reason to think otherwise.
do you support potus statement on charlottesville? is this terrorism?
Tell Pres. Trump to fire Stephen K. Bannon,  Stephen Miller and Sebastian Gorka now! They are a cancer in the White House and to our country
Call the #Nazis & #KKK out! They r there, n #GrantCounty. U didn't c the flyers? U r on the wrong side of history, decency & humanity #shame
When are you going to call that attack what it was: an act of terrorism perpetrated by white supremacists?

It isn't FRINGE HATRED, it's racism, white supremacy, domestic terrorism... call it was it is or you are #Complicit with the #FuhrerInChief
The Bigot in Chief, the Vice Bigot, and their vile crew, including you, need to go.
Your right. And pls do not let Pres. send our troops to Venezuela, please. We don't need to be in another war!!!! Do not let this happen
I'm so glad you think so, Sen. Young. Please press the White House to remove known white supremacists Bannon and Sessions.
Immigration, voter suppression, and health care stances show your "Hoosier" love and compassion
The organization the murderer belongs to has an active chapter in Indiana. It's active here, in the home we share. Do something meaningful!
This is more tepid than @POTUS response. Why aren't you denouncing white racists & Nazis as domestic terrorists? Why aren't u denouncing DT?
Some of that hatred came from Indiana: http://www.indystar.com/story/news/2017/08/12/unite-right-white-nationalist-rally-charlottesville-erupts-violence/562095001/ …. Please help love & compassion prevail w/actions, not just words.
Denounce the white supremacist.
Yes, let's identify those fringe, here in Indiana and across the country
Fringe? Sebastian Gorka, Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller work at THE WHITE HOUSE. Fringe has arrived , Senator.

#rfra
Fringe hatred from who?
You voted for guy who gave them a platform.
Why can't you call them what they are?
TOWN HALL??????
GROW SOME PHUKIN BALLS TODD!!!!! YOU ARE OUTTA HERE!!!!!
Now seriously,if u believe in the direction this Pathetic Excuse4 a human taking r country,then u will have rock solid answers for town hall
It is not "fringe hatred." Racism is all too prevalent in Indiana and the rest of the US. Condemn white supremacists. #Charlottesville
You're enabling white supremacists, bigots, domestic terrorists, and violent offenders with this weak, myopic statement. Disappointing.
Going to stop the @gop attack on voters rights too? Or nah…
When do you see it? You don't meet with your constituents, ever.
I do see the Confederate Battle Flag bumper stickers around town, though.
You mean this kind of Hoosier love and compassion @SenToddYoung?

Aurora, Indiana

#HoosierShame
Trump has been terrorizing America with violent rhetoric since calling Mexicans rapists and murderers and promoting a ban on all Muslims.
EVERY SINGLE MINUTE 
you enable trump and his band of kkk, neo-Nazi rasicts, bigots, money launderers, chaos agents, (bannon, gorka, Miller)
To remain in the executive branch without so much a public statement shaming them,
You are complicit.
What did you learn at Carmel HS?
Where do you actually see all this love when you won't even have a Town Hall meeting?
I was a Corpsman and served with Marines of all colors and creeds. Unlike nearly all of them, YOU ARE HONORLESS. Condemn white supremacy!!!!
So you're on top of the efforts to keep black people from voting then? Or are they not the Hoosiers you're talking about?
DENOUNCE WHITE NATIONALISTS AND WHITE SUPREMACY GROUPS.  YOUR SILENCE IS DEAFENING!
OK, but the voter disenfranchisement in your state against Black voters is part of the problem.
Your blind allegiance to your party speaks far louder than these empty, meaningless words. Hollow sentiment from a hollow man. Shame on you.
Didn't the KKK partially originate in Indiana? I'm sure there were plenty of Hoosiers partaking in today's events.
Yes, and Indiana is a historic stronghold of the Klan. Indy Star reports one of the organizers of the violence currently resides in Indiana.
The guy driving the "killing car" was from Ohio.  Close to home!
I hope he is charged with terrorism as well as murder. Sickening!
You need to step up.  You are a list and coward to continue supporting @POTUS.
That's @POTUS base.  White supremacists.  Shame on you for not denouncing them as such.  You will wear Trump's name next election.
We need more than words. And yes, racism is alive in IN. It happens in Valpo.
I hope you're right
You represent the citizens of Gary. Can you look them in the eye and tell them this is a "fringe" incident only in VA? 1/2
That racism isn't the norm in IN? Let's find out. 

Condemn #terrorism and hatred for what it is. #Charlottesville #BLM #courage 2/2
Call it what it is. This kind of weak statement is what allows this kind of disgrace to happen.
I knew you didn't have the guts to stand up for what is right.  Today some GOP senators showed real backbone but not you.
(2) are you going to call it White Supremacist terrorism and demand @realDonaldTrump do the same? #hypocricy
(1) When 3 Americans died in Benghazi you condemned Obama for not calling it "Islamic Terrorism." 3 Americans died in Charlottesville today,
Are you going to denounce the white nationalist ideology? If not your words remain hollow.
#MAGA
Neo-nazis have been Trump supporters all along.

ALL ALONG, and Trump never said a word.

@GOP @WhiteHouse @SenPatRoberts @FoxNews @CNN @NPR
It's not fringe. It's in the West Wing, Senator Young.
You can help it prevail. In IN and in congress. Stand strong and draw lines. Don't let POTUS get away with lip service. Hold him accountable
This is *not* fringe, it is what POTUS ran on. Your unwavering support of the administration makes you complicit, @SenToddYoung.
Will you specifically condemn the white supremacy at the root of "hatred on display?"
Nice that you actually don't actually call out White Nationalists - just like @POTUS.  Sadly, it's not surprising.
You do realize Trump won Indiana, right?
With the fringe having won the White House, it has embolden the violent followers of said hate monger.
I fear for my multi-ethnic daughter, right here in Indiana. Your wishy washy words don't protect her.
Not strong enough, Senator.
You need to call it what it is and denounce it. #WhiteSupremacyIsTerrorism
Dude, then you are truly blind. It is here in force, and you do not speak solidly against the terrorists for white power.
It was murder, Todd. Murder. Grow a pair and say it. Do something. Useful. Someday. For anyone.
Still can't bring yourself to condemn outright racist/bigots. BTW, it is in Indiana. Every day, every hour, and you shouldn't ignore it.
As David Duke tweeted earlier today, his ilk are the ones who elected Trump in the first place. God help us all.
Indiana voted Trump. That's hard to forget.
You won't even stand up and denouce alt- right white supremacy because they are part of your support base. Time to choose Sen.
You are part of the problem Sen. You voted for 500k hoosiers to loose heathcare. How can that not be seen as hate?
Say it with me... White supremacy is racism and it was terrorism in VA today.
Then why are you in support of the fascists, Todd? Why aren't you denouncing them? Why the silence regarding Nazis marching in the US?
Please come out and say it: there is no place for Terrorism from White Supremacists. Otherwise, your statement is cowardly.
You are an enabler of the white nationalist Trump regime. In case you don't get it, "white nationalist" = "nazi."
Your party has encouraged it. From Obama not really American, Birtherism, Closeted Muslim. and not a peep out of the GOP except McCain.
This is the work of radical WHITE TERRORISTS! Emboldened by @realDonaldTrump and @GOP they went to #Charlotesville to create fear & terror
Grow a spine and call them what they are, TERRORISTS who have no place in our country. Stand up to the Racists in the White House. USA>@GOP
Including the Vice Bigot.
Racism is alive and well in IN. How will you resist leadership that normalizes hate? How will you work to dismantle systemic oppression?
Until the underlying issue of the Alt Right is addressed this hate will spread like a virus. We need the GOP led Congress to do something.
Dear Senator,
What your constituents are looking for is condemnation of an extremist group operating openly on American soil.
IDK Todd you keep acting like a rightwing extremist it just keeps things boiling.
#MadAsHell
Denounce your party's leader, @realDonaldTrump He has emboldened this hate and refuses to denounce it. #Charlotesville
Thank you for speaking out!
Your kidding, right?
It won’t prevail unless you recognize that the hatred on display in #Charlottesville is pervasive, not fringe.
weak response.  Say "White Supremacy"
Get on the Trump Train
Senator stop living under a rock call these monsters what they are. White supremacist also one man drove all the way from Indiana to attend
Thanks, but it's hard to term them "fringe" while Bannon and Miller work in the White House.
and Gorka.
Having a tough time reconciling this tweet with yesterday's praise of @SenMajLdr 's tactics that have exploited the country's divisions.
Open marches don't seem like 'fringe hate' nor is love guaranteed to prevail. Great tweet, but what was that, re: good men who do nothing?
Yeah there is racisim everywhere and indiana is NO different. I experience it a lot even amongst in laws.
Also, please feel free to use these words the next time you address this: 
Radical White Nationalism
Own it Todd Young it's your president and party that's causing it
It isn't fringe. It's widespread, but typically not so blatant. This is your party's base. Do you like what you see?
These words ring hollow as the GOP continues to give voice, and office, to bigotry. When will you stand up to the president?
However, it's no longer "the fringe."
HoosierVet says, if u take down our iconic military heroes statues, then it time 2take down the other statues, such as Martin Luther King Jr
This Hoosier Vet says: You know Lee fought against the US, right?
These Nazis were energized and mobilized by your president, while the rest of the GOP looked away. You own this hatred and violence.
So we can count on you to denounce Trump, Bannon and Gorka and all the Nazis currently occupying the White House?
It's not fringe any longer, and it's enabled by your party and its leader. When will you own up to that? - a Hoosier
But u support a President who bans muslims & is deporting immigrants with no criminal history. This empowers these people.  #charlotsville
I know Am.-born  citizens who have been told to prepare to be sent back and go back to where you came from-in IN. Not so diff.
When your congressman believes it'll never happen here.  #Charlottesville
When  students are told by Hoosier kids "too bad you're not a white dude" and "Guess it's time for you to go back to Mexico," I disagree.
Maybe talk to your constituents and you would know these things.
Gerrymandering and disenfranchising minority voters is just as bad...IN is as bad as VA and other states.
But you and @realDonaldTrump are partially responsible for this. You own unlocking this gateway to hate. Shame.
It's not fringe. And I see it here daily.
By supporting a racist president you have given the green light to this hate. You are at fault.
He wasn't a supporter of Bathhouse Barry Obama as far as I know
He supports trump and your comment makes no sense
Young is a floater, adds nothing, subtracts nothing. Six year vacation in DC paid for by Indiana Voters. He doesn't get it yet..
Not very fringe when the calls are coming from inside the White House and your own party.
You've had many chances to shut down these racists within your party, and you failed. #Charlottesville #TrumpsBrownshirts
The Neo-Nazi's have been around long before President Trump. And they'll be around long after he's gone.
So Trump has nothing to do with this? Sure thing, buddy.
Alt-right marcher shouting  "Heil Trump." 
Ya, I saw that ONE nutball. I don't know where you've been hiding, but I guess you think the KKK and Nazi's just formed up in the past 8 mo
Only if you rid our country of the white supremacist in the White House. Don't pretend you don't know. Complacency means you approve
Hatred is alive in IN, too. Do not delude yourself in thinking otherwise. Especially in small, isolated communities across the state.
Education and diversity would help combat the bigotry and hatred.
I witness racism in Indiana weekly, don't pretend it doesn't exist here.
Agree
where's your "pro gun" hashtag today, Senator?
Research the word systemic, Senator Young. Your blind loyalty to the 'leader of the GOP' speaks much louder than your words on twitter.
God bless Senator Young and his family. We support you, go Hoosiers!!!
@realDonaldTrump.won't be condemning this hate.
When will be voting to impeach the bigot in chief that is the reason all of this madness is gaining traction?
Very good point and yet those in the GOP like Senator Young fail to address the problem.
Todd: Congress is clueless what is going on in the country..
