why aren't your phone lines being answered?  You work for US YOUR CONSTITUENTS.  But you were BOUGHTby DeVos #POS
.  @Prudential is a good company. I worked with them briefly but think they're great.
I was just reading through these tweets, not looking too good for your next election is it? Was it worth it?
was this post supposed to show us you care about kids after the worst vote of all time.  #coward
shame on you for voting to shut down Sen. Warren.
.@SenToddYoung @Prudential It's good that you recognized these students now, since your DeVos Yes vote will destroy their public schools.
I disagree with the 48,600 reasons you voted for DeVoss. I knew you would, but hoped you'd have a bit more spine.
too bad we won't be able to see great things like this much longer because you voted on money not on kids...
I notice these young ladies are from public schools. Sorry you sold yourself and your position.
By taking the $$$ and voting for @BetsyDeVos @BetsyDeVos (pay to play) didn't you just KILL their Public School Experience🖒
Are you going to answer the people you supposedly represent, or keep ignoring us because you know you screwed our kids over.
this is the most important thing you did today? #toddyoungwewantanswers
how much $$ would be needed for you to help your constituents?  I mean it only took $48600 to sell them out.
zionsville and carmel are the wealthiest communities. Look elsewhere to see who is doing the real work
I would like to know your reason for voting Devos? Ps a mother of young Indiana public school children
Honestly you are such a SELL OUT for taking $48,600 from @BetsyDeVos & voting YES instead of LISTENING TO your CONSTITUENTS
.@SenToddYoung Grace & Tara step up to fill gaps in public education, while you vote to further destroy it & line your pockets. Irony! 
Congratulations to Grace & Tara for being recognized as top youth volunteers in the @Prudential Spirit of Community Awards!…
Way to ignore the Elephant in the room.  What a coward!!  I'm Richmond we vote for our people not our party.  We will remember
Shame on you for NOT faithfully listening to your constituents & making the wrong choice. #VoteNoDevos  #sellout
you should be ashamed of yourself for putting kids last- money talks - thanks for the lesson
Stop avoiding the obvious issue, why would you vote in DeVos despite her horrifying record?
He has 48,000 reasons.
$48,600 - do not forget this the next election. We will see to it that Todd Young is a first and ONLY term senator.
Shame on you. I know you heard from thousands upon thousands of Hoosiers that we did not want DeVos. You sold us out. Shame!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=724337794395383&id=131559043673264 … Watch Senator Warren!
please vote no for Jeff Sessions. Clearly we weren't heard for the Betsy Devos, but you're repping Hoosiers, not billionaires.
If you cared about kids you wouldn't have voted for DeVos..shame on you
vote NO for Sessions
Congratulations on your involvement in the stunt the GOP pulled last night against Warren! We women have long memories...
1st you sold your vote to Devos, then you vote to shut a woman up, your next opponent looks better and better to me!
but why did you vote for Devos???
$4k in grants? You secured $48k from DeVos in order to sell out their education. Shameful political self-interest.
I'm surprised you're not bragging about the $48,000 you got for voting to ruin our education system.
You know you're pathetic when the citizens of Indiana start a go fund me page for 48K to buy your vote back. Shame on you!
IN VOTER Very disappointed about Betsy Devoss. I do not want my tax money funding charter businesses.
Ironic that you recognize these students after compromising millions of others by confirming DeVos.  #Disappointed
Angry and disappointed that you ignored the wishes of your constituents and voted for Betsy.
DON'T PRETEND YOU SUPPORT EDUCATION #DeVosvote
You completely ignored us and voted for DeVos. I am for school choice but do not support her, or you now either ! #WhyWeMarch
I will not vote for you and will actively work to see you defeated.  You are a corrupt embarrassment to Hoosiers #WhyWeMarch
when are you going to stop sleeping on your couch in DC and come home? We want to meet with you.
And for $48,600 I'll bet you'll vote to destroy their public schools. Atta boy!
shame on you !!!
$48,000.00 for your vote? Waiting for the day you  have to look us in the eyes and say Betsy Devos is qualified
For the record, there are no charter schools in Wells County. Shame on you. You should have listened to your constituents.
You should be ashamed
Glad to see that $48,600 is the price point for selling your vote to Betsy and damaging the schools my kids attend.
You were voted into office to be the voice of Hoosiers; not the voice of your donors. Release your phone/email vote logs.
Exactly !!!!
shame on you; you left Indiana's kids behind.
Too bad you sold your soul to the devil on the Devos vote . Sad Indiana resident #didnotlistentothepeople
Shame on you. Should've voted no to #DeVosvote.  We get to vote no to you though.  #resist
Yes we do @llbrandall. He just barely beat Evan Bayh!
Congrats to Tara...a product of her public school education I'm sure!  Something @BetsyDeVos would know nothing about.  Shame.
You're trolling us, right?
a pledge I'll keep until the disaster you helped confirm destroys the public school system
You're pathetic. You just sold out my kids' best interests for $48,000. You don't deserve to represent the people of Indiana.
You should change your bio, the only family you serve is your own. #Greed #SellOut #NoSecondTermForYou
#notodd
such irony that you would be tweeting about students just hours after you voted for destruction of eductation by Betsy DeVos!!
I hope you are shamed in every IN school. How dare you desert the same public schools that educated you.
ACKNOWLEDGE US! Acknowledge your constituents who you so easily IGNORED!! #sellout #nosecondtermforyou
these are public school kids .....do you realize what you have done with your vote for DeVos!
can you give us 42,000 reason why you voted yes for Devos?  Didn't realize your vote was so cheap.
Glad to know that your vote can be bought. You sold out America's children today. Hope you're happy.
Congrats, ladies! Both of you seem like you'd be better for Indiana than Todd here. Who wants to be a Senator?
#sellout #nextelection #notodd
Your shameful loyalty to donors and special interests over the future of our children's education is a disgrace.
Like you care. Pat them on the head, then take DeVos money and sell them out.
It's charming you can tweet this, but you can't respond to your constituents about Betsy DeVos buying your vote.
you don't give a flying damn about children. You've betrayed their future for 48k #crookedtodd
i think you care more about party lines than Hoosier kids. Shameful is all I gotta say.
he cares more about that $48,600 Betsy paid him for his vote.
You bring shame to the state of Indiana, Todd. I am counting down the days until you leave office.
you are bad for Indiana, America, Education, and Children. Your morals are led by money. #sellout #nosecondtermforyou
Say it loud and proud, "I voted for an incompetent person to lead the Dept of Ed today!"
So sad you allowed your vote to be bought at the expense of children of IN. Voters remember your Devos  sellout#
Congratulations for your great work Grace & Tara!
Good job on voting for the worse cabinet nomination ever, TODD.  Thanks for screwing over the kids.
I'm as bad as our current WH's spelling and grammar.  WORST not worse (it's an alternative adjective).
to bad you fucked up the education and future of the rest of America today!
