do you know the long term effect of changing Senate rules? Have you thought it through? I think not. @SenJohnMcCain @SenFeinstein
This stinks!  The GOP backing Trump's pick will be an end to them!!!!
Do it now why wait the Dems don't care about the US
@SenToddYoung What Garland? A much more non biased choice... obviously the GOP is not concerned with choice!
"@isamuel I mean… this is not a close call. If one of my students did this, I’d be required to report them" #Gorsuch
interesting how he took the liberty to change "infant" to "baby," but didn't bother to change the rest. 
Is Turtleneck ready to change the rules? If not, we will be very disappointed..............again.
It's happening
The seating of Neil Gorsuch was a mockery of our democracy that began with refusing to give Merrick Garland a hearing.  Corrupt!  Shameful!
The GOP changing rules to confirm a traitor's nominee to a lifetime appointment will destroy your party for generations.  We won't forget.
we will donate to your opponents and fight to remove you. Make no mistake, you are changing our American process @SenFeinstein
This should not go up for confirmation until #TrumpRussia is settled. #stolenseat
You're going to find yourselves on the wrong side of history one day soon.
You won't give a fair vote to a Democrat nominee, but will change the rules for a republican because you didn't have the votes.. disgusting
repeal and replace Paul Ryan
You Republicans are hypocrites & are making  the rules as you go.The rules that apply to democrats don't apply to you.
Very bad president
Excellent!
No, he doesn't have the votes. Don't change the rules to a simple majority!
Still lying? The Republicans are ready to confirm him, the Senate is comprised of others that aren't.
Confirm Gorsuch, because he IS well qualified to sit on SCOTUS! May God be with you as you vote!
#GOP putting party before citizens! Forcing #SCOTUS Americans DO NOT want; nominated by #POTUS under investigation for crimes against #USA.
GO Nuclear
#SenateFOS
Senate has 60 votes?
If Gorsuch can't get 60 votes like every other justice, he shouldn't be on the bench. You are a party of shameless liars and cheats.
#onetermtodd
Terrible day. He should not be confirmed.
@SenToddYoung You really don't care/listen Lets see the data of calls. #showmethedata What do constituents really want?
You will go down in history for stealing the seat!
Quit being bullies... don't be like Trump and the DNC
He's a plagiarist Business Insider Bryan Logan says"the incidences call into question Gorsuch's qualifications for a lifetime appointment."
No!! we already have enough BS. We've done fine w/what we have. Finish the Russia investigation w/ as much zeal as Hillarys crap
#trumprussia
I don't think #garland was guilty of plagiarism 
Amirite?
Assbags. Can't wait for it to bite you in that collective ass
Filibuster
HOW  D A R E  U ACT LIKE U CARE ABOUT POOR PEOPLE. DONT EVER PRETEND THAT TO ANYONE EVER AGAIN
NO COWARDS, GROW UP N STICK UP FOR WHATS RIGHT FOR ONCE
Russian ties should be your most important issue but you duck it!  Disgrace
OF course they are, at any cost to our nation, as they show daily.  Ready to do anything to prove they can.  For the wealthy, not the people
Mr. Corporate Plagerist for Scotus-SHAME!!!!  Took $17M to promote this schill for the Rich-Down with reg folks, God have mercy on you all..
@kountry_glamour do it now!!!!!!!!!!!
Get going! America needs some big wins! Tax cut too!
Don't go nuclear. You will regret it. Dems will have majority sooner or later. Don't sacrifice the long game for short term gain.
should have never even been brought up by ILLEGITIMATE OBAMA.
on a Supreme Court nominee during an election year (unless they are in charge), because they are liars & hypocrites! Which is why Garland..
Finally work getting done
Dems also want everyone to "forget" that the "BIDEN RULE", their pedophile Uncle Joe, made it so that no president should nominate/ vote...1
do it (2/2).
Obama has a fraudulent birth certificate of which there is irrefutable  evidence, but no one is allowed to talk about that. Dems=scum.
Russia/Trump connection is retarded! There is none. And,notice how THEY do not mind that THEIR president, Obama was illegitimate.  (2 /2).
no! He rules with corporate $ in mind and not American citizens. Also encourages discrimination against women in the workplace
Dems are soo funny (not!). They don't want a senate rules change unless THEY are in charge. And anyone who thinks that there is a....1/2)
different than anti-American Dems. (2/2).
With Mitch McConnell in the lead, one has to wonder if anything can ever get done! ESTABLISHMENT Repubs are no better, and not much....1
Nobody else is ready or willing to support the nomination of an unhinged mad man
It's a stolen seat and everyone knows it. Shameful.
Yay! Freeze all the truckers!
The American public. ..is not
Don't blow up the filibuster
So do it.
I am just One of MILLIONS of Conservatives "Watching" to see the GOP Senate's action. If they FAIL, Well, Bye-Bye GOP. ALL TALK NO ACTION
@TexasGOP Lets do this! #MAGA
Yes
Not true, and neither is America. Just ask McConnell circa 2007.
DO NOT CONFIRM
Against the wishes is the American people. Republicans don't care what the American people think. We have long memories.
You guys better handle yourselves like responsible Senators. You nuke him through we may nuke republicans out of office. 2018!!
Putin shouldn't get a scotus nom
Get it done
You people biotching about Gorsuch have no reason to be against him other than he's Republucan. Obama got in his pix. Get over it
Well said!
Another ILLEGITIMATE AMERICAN OFFICIAL.
about  time
Yeah, they did nothing for over a year.  We can wait until after we know what's going on with Russia
Should've confirmed Garland. And you know it. You're playing partisan politics to confirm a plagiarist nominated by an illegitimate POTUS.'
How can you confirm a man who lies and plagarizes? This is wrong on so many levels?
Good for Repubs. Schumer s idea of a "main stream" judge is a social justice Socialist. Stuff it Schumer.
hopefully sooner rather than later
And we are ready to vote you out. #DumpDean2018

Without a doubt one of the most qualified SCOTUS Nominees ever! Confirm without further delay. America needs him.
Do it.
He ruled against a truck driver stranded for several hrs in subzero temps.He called work and was told to wait.Gorsuch ruled against him.
A  nation stands ready for you to regret this by seeing both houses in Congress flip in 2018.  You are nothing but 2 bit thieves
No thanks.... Should be Garland
Wrong for ALL Americans #resistgorsuch @SenateDems @SenSchumer @SenateFloor
HE MUST BE CONFIRMED NO MATTER HOW IT NEEDS TO BE DONE!
Confirm SCOTUS nom backed by $10MIL in dark money, what could go wrong? Corruptn + bribery=@GOP way of doing biz, Russn money in the $10MIL?
can't wait until he plagiarizes his anti-labor rulings from daniel day lewis's character in there will be blood.
Plagiarizism? SCOTUS?
Stop talking about it and get it done. Too much talk, too little action. Only results count, everything else is just a scent in the breeze.
Nice to see you guys destroy the Senate
#FakeNews #GOP #NoGorsuch #StolenSeat
#StopGorsuch. He's partisan,he's an old ghost from the times of Constitution writing, women, disabled ppl and more would suffer w/ him.SO NO
Kagan and Ginsberg are not partisan??? who knew.
I wish they wouldn't. We can do better than Gorsuch.
So sorry to hear this
NO! This can wait. Pls finish Trump-Russia investigations first. U R rushing this for no good reason. Ur choices are wrong for US. SAD!!!
gross.
the American people aren't ready. maybe we're still thinking about Merrick Garland
geesh, that ship has sailed. What do you propose, leaving the seat empty out of spite? part of growing up is 2 know when to let go.
