Simple as that! Make them face themselves and you... since you know them, it's your civil duty #STANDWITHME #STRONGERTOGETHER
Agreed. Also, please be willing to extend Christian compassion to immigrants who are non criminals hardworking neighbors.
This is a one-sided comment. #ANTIFA & #BLM need to be condemned for physical harm & destruction of property. Where's that statement?
Condemn ANTIFA or be replaced.
U must also condemn ANTIFA - they are WORSE. Free speech isnt just for those we agree with- its for all Americans whether we like it or not
Have you condemned Antifa yet!!! Publicly??? #MAGA
Call out Antifa & BLM the ALT Left Marxist are trying to make Conservatives out to be White Supremacist
The President and so many people did that however we must also condemn the liberal leftist violence at rallies across the nation.
We must also condemn Antifa and BLM.  President T @POTUS is correct, these are violent hate groups, being paid to destroy the U.S.
This President is a threat to our national security with his un-presidential un-American demagoguery. In Phoenix he looked like a lunatic.
You must also condemn and marginalize communist and violent groups, not encourage them.
Stand up for our Nation. This is no longer about GOP vs DEM. This is our democracy vs Trump. He is NOT ok. This is NOT ok.
Republican senators better get behind Donald Trump or they won't be  senators much longer . We voted for Trump time you hear us.
Please review the #WhiteHousePetition,  re; #Antifa,
Don't tell Twitter, @SenToddYoung, instead let @POTUS know. Call out @realDonaldTrump on his lack of a statement like yours.
https://www.facebook.com/indianapolisstar/posts/10156958399169852 …

so why do you support the guy that IS encouraging and emboldening these groups?
You need to condemn the group that have attack innocent America for supporting our president. Why R U not supporting the office of Pres. ?

To the @GOP and @TheDemocrats: You want to blame @realDonaldTrump for everything. Please share your accomplishments with us. #SundayMorning 
We will never reach equality in America until we can hold ALL people accountable equally for their good and bad actions. The Pres. did that.
I love my president! Please do not let liberal bots control you-remember WethePeople!
That's gross! Being compassionate and denouncing hate is not a partisan political idea.
We must condemn all hate  groups and lovers of violence! What about Antifa and BLM?
You're correct Antifa is as guilty as any group at inciting violence and attacking the American way of life.
If the #MAINSTREAMMEDIA would #STOP the #AIRTIME OF ALL VIOLENCE IT WOULD HELP
We would be better off without the #mainstreammedia filth. I was bullied by these types in school. Rumor spreaders, instigators, hypocrites.
First thing we have agreed on.
Trump needs to go! I don't need him or any politician to be my moral compass but the president is incompetent & delusional #TrumpMustResign
#ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow #ImpeachtrumpNow
#Save_America #RestoreAmericanGoodness #ImpeachTrump 
#DumpTrump 
#MakeAmericansSmileAgain
Wait for the facts to roll in before jumping to conclusions. In the density of battle this happens, the initial spin is the guilty side

The latest clarification shows the driver was being assaulted with a baseball bat when he gunned the motor to escape. Now what? Wait 4 facts
And BLM and ANIFA also? No, you love them. They're just as much racists as White supremacist are; but, UR too dam  cowardly to say it.
Donald Trump told the truth. He didn't embolden anybody. He stated correctly that there is violent and dangerous extremism on both sides.
Look at Fort Wayne Ind police department they are the worst racism gang in that area
Do you have some evidence on that accusation?
Agreed Senator!
Did you actually listen to all of what was said, or just what you were told? POTUS noted that there were some good people, implying misled.
It took you too long to say this!!
So the GOP and the President??? You're part of the cesspool.
Will you take action to oppose 45's divisive agenda? You've voted for his positions 91 percent of the time so far.
Stand up with President Trump to get the peoples agenda accomplished.
Not just "we", you stop too short. You are still enabling DJT by not calling him out by name.
Then please push House to impeach and invoke 25th amend. @POTUS and his cohorts are Nazi Sympathizers, willfully dividing our nation.
Tell that to the @realDonaldTrump Senator Young 
Say that on TV news
These hate groups get too much publicity.
No censor no real outrage for Heather
the GOP is the face of Nazis Trump loves#Lip service only For votes GOP believes like Trump does
YOUNG.   MUST.   GO.  !!!!!!
Please remember the results of violence is more violence, condemn ALL
I've told you people are mad. Enough talk. Impeach before he further divides our country and sparks civil war. Or WWIII
What scares me is the President pandering to them. #25Amendment
Many critters in the swamp it's good knowing who they are
Do you leaders realize how cowardly you appear  when you are afraid to stand up to Trump?  Did Hitler get his foot in by intimidation?
This is a pitiful comment. Name Trump as the racist who is leading YOUR party. Where is your honor? Where is your voice? Where are you?
Call out Trump by name!
You must condemn the president for his lackluster and confusing statements. His fear of truth is astounding. Nation over party please.
Thank you for speaking out.
He did, I think the left misunderstood what he said, or just twisted it.  I know he is not a racist, both groups came with big sticks.
Call out the president by name for supporting white supremacist groups. This weak condemnation is not enough! #Charlottesville
Took u long enuf to say this!  Now what, business as usual?  Still backing 45 & his sympathy for the white supremacy?  Words r meaningless
Don't forget ANTIFA, BLM, CAIR,&OTHERS.WHY FOCUS ON JUST WHITE SUPREMACY!PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID ALLLLL HATE GROUPS!!ARE YOU GUYS SOROS MINIONS
Then kick Trump out of the Republican party. Can't have it both ways. Either stand with Trump and his ilk or stand against the Hate. Choose!
President Trump spoke the truth--ITS ALL SIDES NOT JUST ONE. Liberal media and Rhinos/never Trumpers all in hysterics. Who gives a damn!
This is simple also--KKK, ANTIFA, BLACKLIVESMATTER are all hate groups! All fringe groups whose purpose is to divide,promote hate/violence
Sorry Senator try again. Not the time for a lame "we must" response. Your tweet was simple, let's see if your subsequent actions mean more
THIS is simple: DO YOUR DAMN JOB and stand up for our Democracy&Country and get control of Trump, for Gods sake, before it's too late.


#VanillaISIS call themselves patriots.
We MUST #StandOurGround AGAINST The #RepublicanReich


Alert #VanillaISIS Looks Like This. Calls himself a #freedomfighters #MAGA #RepublicanReich #StandOurGround Against #TrumpNazi

If repulsicans don't at least censure dt your words mean nothing you are complicit in his hate mongering
GOP ought stand up against 45, & his NAZI-KKK mollycoddling else hand the reigns over to an ever more leftist opposition Build a coalition
What about the BLM, Black Panthers, Antifa, CAIR, Moslem brotherhood? Of course you won't go there. See you at the polls in 2018.
no, you must use his name in your condemnations or else you're not serious
Words mean nothing. Action is needed. Censure isn't enough. #ImpeachTrump #DoSomethingGOP
Get to work
The white groups had a legal permit, the BLM rioters did not. How did u become a Senator?
Not good enough, Todd - will you man up? Do @Potus & @vp have total control of you?  #Magic8Ball, "Your weak ass response points to yes."
What about antifa and BLM. Do the get a free pass?
We need some conservative senators and congressmen with a back bone.
Groups that resort to violence and destruction are hate groups.
IMPEACH HIM.
Say his name!!  Talk is cheap!!
Well...thats absolutely the least you could do. A tweet. How cute. What action will you take?
Not good enough, Senator. You aren't brave enough to @potus or @vp tells #Hoosiers you aren't brave enough to stand for us. #ImpeachTrump
And again your cowardice shows. Call out POTUS for what he is.  A racist.  Your not naming him only shows us the COWARD you are.  SAD.
Kkk are just like the Latin kings , vice lords and two six. Thier terrorist   And no one does nothing to them !!!!!!
What about left wing hate groups like ANTIFA?  I guess if its a left wing group being violent then that's OK, HYPOCRITE!!!
And tell me who is embossing them
U should apologize to @realDonaldTrump ~b/c all the protesters were violent & he DID BY NAME CONDEMN THE KKK & OTHERS!
Speak up we voted you Reps to support our President not the Dem agenda... they are the real hatefilled people, they will never stop
But not one word from you re Trump's defense of "many good people" were among them. Shame on you. Profile in cowardice
The President did & will ,Repubs need to get a backbone & demand they ask Dems if they support Antifa #alllivesmatter
The only leftist terrorist domestic organization that's being encouraged is ANTIFA by the lack of reporting ..CNN most favorite group @CNN
Did Obama admonish BLM domestic terrorist? You bunch of hypocrites. No he invited leading terrorist to the White House. Shameful
SAY CHEEEEEESE.....  Obama invites leading domestic terrorist BLM scum to White House for selfie @seanhannity @marklevinshow @CNNPolitics
Did you say that about #BLM ? Or #DontShoot? Then shup. Please.
So, you support BLM & Antifa?  Of course guy do because it does not fit your narrative

Where the hell are you Senator. Your office in Indy will not pick up calls. Stand up like a Marine.
To make progress on race you must condemn and marginalize your President. Talk to Trump!
Please condemn Donald Trump, and remove him from office.  He's an absolute disgrace.  We Hoosiers will remember where you stood.
You must disavow the president's statements sir. Not good enough.
All you RHINOS SABATOGING OUR PRESIDENT 2018 IS THE TIME WE WILL VOTE YOU ALL OUT SO GET READY!
Absolutely spineless. Mention the scoundrel by name! It is @realDonaldTrump
Thank you
Use his name. Donald Trump. And the republican congress is enabling this lunatic.  Is it worth it?
You know how to do this...impeach 45
The only things that are encouraging all extremist groups, is the attention and notoriety they receive for acting like fools. #AreWe10yo
Why don't you say we condemn ALL supremacist groups?   Wouldn't that be more appropriate?
When our POTUS does it's not good enough. So after the Media, Republican attacks against him he figures say the opposite 2 make em 
Sound silly? Then perhaps u all do as well Sir! U can only attack someone so much that they believe eventually U ALL rather have Drama THINK
The GOP is the preferred party of the KKK based on David Duke's comments about Trump
Then what is your Republican plan?
then start moving to remove the POTUS from office. He emboldens them every day he is in the White House.
You should condemn and marginalize ALL hate groups like @POTUS did. #Antifa #BLM #KKK #WhiteSupremacists
Agreed. Is there maybe a prominent person in your party emboldening them that you could call out by name??
As one of your many Jewish constituents, I expect you to strongly condemn this hate and rebuke 45 for failure to do so.
The @POTUS condemned ALL violence and specifically condemned white supremacist groups. The Senate memorialized a KKK Member.
Empty words. Take steps to remove Trump from office or remain complicit in his support of white supremacy.  At least censure him.  C'mon.
Speak to your president about that.  It's not just his legacy; it's yours as well.  It's time to remove him from office and you know it.
Agreed, but we must also not accept violent, criminal, hate groups that are funded for political purposes!
That's not enough. It's time for Republicans in Congress to take ACTION to deal with this President who is an embarrassment to our country.
.@realDonaldTrump DRUG CHECK CONGRESS!!
So WHAT are you going to do with the position we find ourselves in. He will not and cannot change. Did you sign Censure yet?  #ImpeachTrump
How about a president willing to defend & support neo-Nazis on national tv?  Not a problem in the Trump #neoGOP ?
Start by removing Donald Trump.
You also need to condemn alt-left hate groups like Antifa and BLM.  Some of us good people support the military monuments!
What about antifa&BLM paid & bused to incite violence at a peaceful protest. This was set up by SOROS w/gov. of Virginia. PAID Big by Soros!
AND WHEN R U COWARDS WHO CANT REPEAL ACA GOING TO CONDEM ISLAMIC SUPREMISTS
KKK FOUNDED BY DEMS
Assigning no blame at all to the other side will also embolden them to violence. Violence is wrong, period. NO EXCUSE.
Finally something you and I agree on. But now would you please DO something to grab the country back from the nut in the White House?
You mean the alt right. And yes.
Many are distancing themselves from DJT lies, rhetoric &hate. Inaction beyond statements is for "the" agenda and not the ones you serve.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, you cant just tweet this. It is time for action! Or you are just as complicit!
This is simple.

We must condemn and marginalize Marxist Antifa groups, not encourage and embolden them.

#YouJustLostMyVote
As we also DUMP Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal. All sabotaging ACA medicaid purposefully.
Leader of Nazi group in Charlottsville is from INDIANA. What will you do when they come here?
We need to do more than that...we need to fight them and their hate on all front. #Fascism
Hi Senator Young. It's time to take action. Trump is taking us down a path we can't go down again. Tweets are cheap, action counts.
Does the 'we' include POTUS and President Bannon?
Let's not leave out BLM, BLACK PANTHERS, and ANTIFA as well. All hate groups. Can't condemn one without condemning them all.
Someone who put country above party would be asking about impeachment by now.

Just sayin'...
We must condemn black separatist groups as well, right.
And why don't you say that your president just supports the hate group?
But site with the @POTUS who is for white supremacist groups



Why don't you tweet the same message about #Antifa and #BlackLivesMatter ?
Yes and that is exactly what President Trump is doing. Condemning them. How refreshing!
Not strong enough, Senator. Why isn't GOP Congress taking action against the narcissistic, racist, sociopath in the WH? T's dad was in KKK.
Say his name.   Chickenshit.
Our president harbors terrorists and you have the courage to tweet. Tweets are not leadership. Act. History is watching & waiting.
And what about the groups on the far left? Just ignore them? You are a fool.
The president of this country must condemn and marginalize white supremacist groups.  #SayHisName
Thank you for this. Notice that the white supremacists were organized by a Hoosier in Paoli. Call him out, too!
Great, it's still not a rebuke of YOUR president. Try again. This time like you mean it. This time condemn HIM for supporting THEM.
You must call out the President.  By name.
You've said it --NOW, will your votes on legislation reflect your caring for the people of Indiana, many that need the ACA as it is?
If you don't understand the concept of FREE SPEECH under the BILL OF RIGHTS for ALL, then you should RESIGN!
