.@SenToddYoung I listened to your thoughts here. Will you hear mine regarding @BetsyDeVos? Lack of experience alone should guide your vote.
bad choice, win for Exxon, loss for the country
Thanks for your support in the face of socialist Democrat antics.
Btw, go Hoosiers! And congrats on playing Division 1 soccer at Navy.  I was a D1 athlete at Brown. Loved Newport, RI!
I CALL you everyday - Since you were elected.  I've gotten through to a live person 1 time.  No response. voicemail is full.
As he ran an oil company and got in bed with Putin? You must really think Hoosiers are idiots to feed us crap like that.
You really are a sellout!   #noballs #trumppuppet  grow some #LadyBalls #NoDevos
Where's your celebratory video and statement on @BetsyDeVos? Coward. You know you voted against the will of Hoosiers.
#notodd #nextelection
.@SenToddYoung My my my how quickly you have learned the ropes of being just another politician. 2020 can't come soon enough.
This tweet will come back to haunt you. #sellingoutAmerica #Resist #Resistance #TheResistance
Unsafe and unfair to assume this! Keep watching out for OUR interests and not big oil and Trump's cronies!!!!
@TheRachelMaddow So this guy doesn't think he needs to hear what his voters want. Maybe national press will persuade him?
So disappointed. Will you at least #VoteNoDevos if we start a GoFundMe and raise more money than she gave to your campaign?
special interest much!? No way! What has he "donated"? Personal benefit over citizens
retweet to the Hoosiers all the comments
if "excellent" means having no idea of what foreign diplomacy is other to "get the oil".
ya of course the head of Exxon mobile with strong ties to Russia DEFINATLY has American interest in mind #yourafuckingmoron
Then I hope you vote against this Sec.1504 CRA motion tomorrow . Fighting corruption is a safer way to protect nat'l security!
remember your promise to "do right for Hoosiers" and "never forget who you work for"? Say no to DeVos
I will never forget who I work for. I will always do what's right for Hoosiers. I will carry that spirit with me into the Senate. #INSen 
#notodd #nextelection
Was this a decision based on party lines or the will of your constituents?
an ExxonMobil CEO is going to put their interests before our country. Along with DeVos and - worst of all Bannon! Ashamed
Sir:We the People ask you to review the IDEA and fact Ms.DeVos doesn't know what it.is or how important. Vote No, DeVos
Will you please release your phone tallies about DeVos or do you have to vote yes for her because she gave you so much money?
Todd Young is weak. A yes man. A corporate shill out of touch with Hoosiers, Americans, and humanity.
Putin is thrilled! Where do you stand on DeVos?
retweet to all the Hoosiers all the responses
Hey, how is that replacement for ACA going?
Said no one, ever.
Russia investigation now!!!!!!!
I get you're a rookie and all so can't lead impeachment but you sure as hell can vote no on Sessions and DeVos - election 2022
keep an eye on him as he still has too many personal interests.
are you going to vote party line you feckless wonder?
No. He won't. He is a business man only looking out for his own interests. Thanks for not looking out for Hoosiers Todd.
Very disappointed in your support of this nominee!
Disappointed, but not surprised. Hopefully he does the right thing and votes "no" on DeVos.
HE HAS NO EXPERIENCE! Please send a flare if your being forced into being this incompetent. Country over party. #resist
bullsh...!
please please vote against Betsy Devos
You're just wrong.  Connections to Russia are deeply worrisome.
please make sure that Tillerson doesn't sell out to Russia for Exxon oil. Please protect your fellow Hoosiers.
Great job following the party line. Please, think for yourself when it comes to the #Devos vote. She's simply not qualified!!
Please vote No to Mrs DeVos.   Privatization is not the the answer to improve public schools.
Спасибо for putting Russia before your constituents!
just another party hack, no mind or will of your own. Sure glad we have to put up with you for six more years
you forgot the part about how he's really adept at colluding with Russia.
vote no on DeVos! She has no experience in education. Urge Rs to find someone who is actually qualified for this position
VOTE NO FOR DEVOS. It's not about the money anymore Todd. Your job is to be a voice for us, your constituents. So do your job
so your all for pay to play.Do the right thing vote no to DeVos
vote NO on Betsy DeVos
Please vote no for DeVoe!
Betsy DeVos is unqualified. You failed your fellow Hoosiers. Listen to your constituents. We voted you in. Remember that.
on what fucking plant?
You spelled "big oil's interests" wrong.
Do you seriously believe he'll be excellent? Maybe for Russia but NOT for America, NOT for Indiana.
Terrible vote. Tillerson is one huge conflict of interest. Anything but #noondevos and I'll consider you bought and sold.
NO NO NO!  The people of Indiana are not stupid enough to believe that!  Do any of you have a conscience?!
WOW, you really don't have the people's interests.
I don't think you did due diligence in researching this. You are such a newbie.
Nope
does your mother realize she raised a Rubber Stamp? #payatthepolls #alternatefacts
gross. You are a puppet of #PresidentBannon
Your constituency will not forget your vote if he's too cozy with the Russians and his Exxon buddies!
NO.
How about a town hall in Southern Indiana? Are our voices as loud as Exxon's?
you are quickly making a name for yourself as a partisan hack. #TrumpRussia
I believe you sold your soul to the highest bidder
when are you having a town hall in Fort Wayne???
More like stench advocate. Shut it, Todd. #shutittodd
please vote no for DeVos
if you vote for Devoss   8 years is a long time to get backing from educators so your not re elected. Unqualified, yes!
vote NO FOR DEVOS,  Vote with Collins and Merkowski! (Since you only vote republican) Stand up for your Hoosiers!
no he won't you just sold out the country
You are crazy ! Apparently none of you listen to the people who have voiced their opinion against him.
Say No to DeVos!!! Our children's future is at stake! We need a leader that has experience not just a checkbook.
with these videos? Get here and let's talk. Donnelly was here, Carson was here. Where were you?
especially Russia!!
I hope that clarity, depth of understanding, integrity & knowledge are ur requirements for #BetsyDeVos so you'll #VoteNoDevos!
also pick up your office phones once in a while and LISTEN to your constituents.
you'd be doing us all a favor if you just resigned.
we let the press know often. Remind everyone he isn't listening
Tillerson is in Putin's pocket and cares more about his own enrichment than about this country.
what about our interest in a clean environment and stable climate ? Did you weigh that in your calculations?
I can support this, but #NoDeVos please!
As a constituent of yours, I am greatly disappointed that you voted to approve Tillerson's nomination.
Did you mean to say our foreign oil interests?
pretty disappointed you've chosen this position
He's a smoooth operator...smoooth operator...smooth operator...
Putin is thrilled!
Another Hoosier voter just went blue. SMH.
Rex Tillerson will be a great advocate for #BigOil and other special interests. Billionaires Unite Form of Trumps Cabinet.
#Disappointed Again, not putting #Hoosiers or #Americans before party line voting! 2022 is coming and our memories are long!
I disagree, there had to be a better choice out there and I'm sorry to see "the party" chose not to try harder.
at best you are selling out to the oil industry, at worst you're selling out to Putin. Lose lose.
but @BetsyDeVos will be HORRIBLE for our children's futures. Vote #NoonDeVos or I vote no on you for re-election.
I dad the same thing. I'm watching him @SenToddYoung
said*
Are you satisfied he has no conflicts of interests, especially with Exxon deals in Russia?
I want to know also why? He's oil scum.
