why do you lie so much????
does it give u a warm fuzzy feeling to purposely be so negative?

open your eyes to see how much Obama lie to AmericanHe never help poor and his own community
Russia I'm guessing from the broken English. Seriously, repeat that with accent
only an idiot would still think Russia has any influence over the elect
facts don't matter to zealots. Ya just gotta believe !
oh, making it great by taking away health care for millions, so called Christian.
Not very Christian to take my money to pay for your needs, either. If I want to help, I'll donate. @VP @CMSGov
I work, you do nothing for me. I love and care about people. Do you?
Absolutely! I help them every day in many ways that I chose. Fed needs to be out of my wallet and yours. @VP @CMSGov
I agree, you know, God created one race, the human race. Unity is needed to make us strong.
Yes, I pray for unity in our country daily. And just as God is in man, so is evil, and it must be fought. @VP @CMSGov
I like you american lady. When I feel troubled, I read, (Eph:4:31) I know bitterness is the opposite of sweetness.
A truly great verse for such a time as this. My comfort is Psalm 3:3. And I like you, too, Beatrice. @VP @CMSGov
You are going to have her kill off poor people for you?

No one's crying - except maybe with laughter at how moronic Bible Bashing Conservatives are.
Nothing for us to cry about, just joy of the regressive left showing their true colors
Bullying ethnic minorties, calling trans people rapists and gutting healthcare? Nope, that's you
Ah yes being accused of things that never actually haooened. Nice
No. They all happened at the hands of the alt-right and, more sgnificantly, the GOP.
When were trans people called rapists? They said it could be used as an excuse for perverts
@DrPhilRoe @CMSGov
TrumpGOPcare is a fraud. It is another tax break for the wealthy!
Where did you find this. Send me the page and articles from Ryans Health Care package you read it from.
Gop all does not have the Amercan public at hart.
Don't you mean #Wealthcare? The GOP plan is a fraud and lines the pockets of your puppet masters. #GreedOppressionPiety
The plan is a disaster
How so?
how about being able to move across state lines
That's in Obamacare. Unfortunately, insurers don't want to do it.
I work in insurance. They don't have to.
They choose not to.
You go girl.
OMG GIVE UP
Omg her son looks so cute, & the last pic is awesome.
is this coverage gov will have too?Or just the same 'old' O-Care worked over so the 1% get best on the backs of everyone else?
American health care has only ever been great for the rich or the well insured.
Get a job, welfare was not set up to be a retirement.
TRUE DAT!
AND MIKE PENCE IS FINE LOL
BLACK F/M TRUMP
"restore healthcare decision making" ? Is that when families decide if they want to get their Rx or have food? Shame on you!
Self reliance is not in your vocabulary but surely government dependence is.  Work for a living.
my self reliance isnt the issue, health care for everyone is, yes even for those that cannot be self reliant
Shame on those that chose not to use the gifts given to them and choose rather to leach off society.  #MAGA
bitch there are people that are unable to work, disabled,  elderly, ill. Everyone deserves healthcare. Shame on u
I am happy to pay more for all to have basic needs met, save.ur shame 4  those that dont care for the.least of us
you think the American people are marks! We are on to you and Donald Trump! 
America is on to you and those like you. Get a job, pay for your insurance. It's that easy.
I am one of the privilege,view that have wonderful healthcare my entire life! My Concern is for those not so Lucky!
Neither is true. All health care was changed because of Obama. ALL, my concerns are only truth...
yes, 25 Million are covered 
your plan stinks; Americans will NOT accept it...your administration will go down with it
everybody knows. If you don't, you need to read it. And then remortgage your house, if you can!
well there you go. Aren't you lucky!  Now if you get sick you can get a shiny new mortgage to pay bills
I cant even use the healthcare mandated under Obamacare Im paying for every month!
This is great!  Very excited about the cabinet!
IT SURE IS A BILLIONAIRE CABINET   DEY DONT NEED TO STEAL FROM DA AMERICAN PPL!
WERE IN GOOD HANDS CUZ OF TRUMP!
block grants=rationed  care= death. Your death panels have Arrived wrapped in freedom .
Yep should totally destroy healthcare to the poor and disabled.    Awesome pick. MAGA. Make America Guilty Again
,
NO repeal. You're not listening. #goptrainwreck #wrongwaygop
Only going to make the states poorer and the down trodden sicker and hurt seniors.  Lie after lie from you and this admin.
Wait! Ain't she an Indian? !
ajá!!
States already makes healthcare decisions not the federal government.
Why are you allowing East Indian fobs into office?
THINK if ur the PATIENT, is PATIENT
Centered Health Care in ur best INTEREST? YES....Hell YES...
I need to understand how you are protecting working poor & 55-65 year olds. Why can't we expand Heslth Kids to in use adults
Very special..
christian lying politician
Can we give decisionmaking to patients and their docs?
Great job .  Thanks
@VP @CMSGov
let the Dems keep Ocare, let the Republicans have the new plan! Everyone's happy! Let's get on with it I need healthcare already
Not so sure we're understanding this.
keep up the work on decentralizing, deregulating healthcare and medical insurance markets
somebody needs t to tell the So called President he in D.C NOT  A.C.
great for who? Your rich friends?
health coverage for everyone would be a start... like all other first world nations ...
Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
gop will fix it with Trumpcare aka obamacare lite....
American healthcare has always been worse than Canadian or Swedish or British or French or....
@mike_pence Your AHCA plan sucks big time. #ACHAsucks #theRichGetRicher  #RegularFolksGetScrewed
Seema wants insurers to give back thru community services in exchange for medical benefits! Wew! Weird proposal.
I look forward to your term as POTUS once Trump has been impeached. @NBCNews @realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain @SenJohnBarrasso
seniors have been left behind with no cost of living raise for years now. how about a little help for us!
PROVE IT BECAUSE ALL I SEE ARE GOVERNMENT WORKERS GETTING THEIR FREE COVERAGE.
- How will this return the healthcare that Trump Care takes away from the poor and elderly?  Why is the GOP hurting Americans?
Kick Paul Ryan to curb. Reconciliation IS Obamacare. Start fresh & get Dennis Michael Lynch involved. Insightful man!
there's a reason why even the few Democrat's that did get elected is they admitted Obamacare is destroying this country
Some people will do anything to be accepted, even sign their souls away.
show me one woman that is happy that they decided to have an abortion, and I will show you a liar.
Ryan's cuts care for disabled Americans and huge costs for Americans between 50-64. Billions for illegal aliens covered though
Ms. Verma, my  understanding of new ACA is that Americans 50 yrs and up will pay exorbitant prices while on fixed income.
and in the process cause 24 million Americans (at last estimate) to lose their current health insurance. Great plan!!!
you mean he's not being deported by President Tweet!
How does that make healthcare great again and when was it great?
Trump should resign that would make America Great Again..
the vine you seed will grow and wrap around your neck and strangle you one day...Mark my word
for who???  Oh ya I Forgot . Health care for the rich only. Less waiting time for life saving procedures. Trump is for elite
migrants have to manage @PMOIndia properly. Established escape routes! Forbidden practices. Unfit in all forms©™®
American healthcare was great when cannabis was legal it's gone downhill since synthetic pharmaceuticals dominated. drbob
 #trumpcare is .
I have an empirical study of state provided health care that I've been trying to submit but all I get is gaslighted.
"Way to Go"! TrumpDon'tCare"!
@peplamb @CMSGov Yay Congratulations Seema Verma!
Do you belive what you are saying here? Like for real you stand 100% behind this for the good of most americans?
is this the start of the presidency of the "conflict of interest"? SV has been in the pocket of Pence and HP..utterly predicable
Great!! it is good news!! keep building a Great America again!!!
is electroshock therapy a better healthcare position? What about insurance covered smoking, cigs got vitamins right?
Oh NO so Kasich will be in charge of my health care? I'm so screwed! It's been horribly painful 8 years, God help.
Thank you Pence because now ppl don't have to pay for abortions.
@AziaeLion @CMSGov John Hopkins finest, and she is a recipient of the Sagamore of the Wambash Award from the Great State of Indiana.
when was healthcare ever "great"? Despite the ACA issues that should get FIXED, 20 million now have coverage.
Always working so hard, against the American people and for the American ultra rich! Making America Sad, So Very Sad! #resign
get rid of the shitty obama care!
Giving it back to the states bc @POTUS & #trumpadministration couldn't think of a better healthcare plan themselves? #easywayout
Please keep Rep Steve King away from these people, especially the children and please repent for all your lies.  We are on to you!
congrats 
not really. Especially in states like Alabama
Look at those two kids -- so proud of their Mom. Love it!
Trumpcare, Trumpcare,  call it what it is! Trumpcare! Or would you prefer #Trump/PenceCare!
Well done The truth will set u free 
historically the states don't always do what's right.  We need the federal government to protect us
Ask questions so they know what your concerns are?Be specific Express yourself positively What 3 items are most important to you
Are dead Americans great Americans?
@CMSGovI can get ins from my co at $400 a month for me and 2 kids can the gov plan offer the same? Can ins premium be based on income?
Everyone who commented negative..Give it a break please. We all need to understand this better. This effects every American...
honestly I am so confused about this that I don't know who 2 believeVery confusing-We need open forums on TV 2 go cover topics.
why do so many Indianans I talk to think you were terrible for them and their state?
Open Insurance across State borders NOW.
  Anti-trust laws must be enforced for ALL.
 Keep Fed involvement the low as possible
@SenToddYoung @CMSGov healthcare will never be as great as it could be as long as politicians are involved
PRIDE. GOTTA LOVE IT!
#ObamaCareLite was not part of the bargain.  @SpeakerRyan should be replaced as Speaker, he not loyal or trustworthy.
LIAR.  It's about money in your pocket.  F..k the people.
Please do full repeal of Obamacare.  No RyanCare. Thank you.
GET RID OF RYAN
ALL TOGETHER 

HE'S DANGEROUS
Democrats are complete morons
As the former governor of Indiana, you know that statement is a bald-faced lie. Enjoy your eternity in the fire pits of Hell.
You're a horrible lire and knew about everything the whole time... Americans need to come together for Americans
when was American healthcare great?
Back when insurance companies and gov't didn't manipulate service pricing. @VP @CMSGov
I don't know why I'm starting to hate this phrase "make ? Great Again"
America is already great, traitor.
like u did in Indiana?
Health care in America was not great.  We started gettingvthere with the ACA, but you will take it away from us again.
let's start by looking at healthcare practices in France and Italy as a start. #maketheworldabetterplace
There is that Brainless Pence and Idiot Trump saying make what ever great again  Both need frontle labottomy to become saneagain
pretty sure if people don't like the health care in the US, then give a solution to the issues. #maketheworldabetterplace
#45 has been a man of his word. 279000 new jobs, deregulation, repeal Obamacare, criminals OUT of USA. That's DEMS problem!
@TR84Day @CMSGov No one from gov has called our health insurance agency on how our biz destroyed Boo hiss
I have yet to receive an apology from the government cancelling my plan under the Affordable Care Act. I'm angry too.
@lynmacjay @CMSGov can she repeal EHR/MACRA regs & penalties? Destroying solo practice Drs
ري استارت 
HA HA HA MAKE MICROWAVE GREAT AGAIN.
@SenToddYoung @CMSGov but please don't implement the current #Trumpcare that is proposed.
American Health Care For Only The Wealthy.. So Un American
To be clear, you are saying the when millions lose their healthcare, American healthcare will be great again. Unbelievable.
u r a tool that believes in magic, so no one should EVER take u seriously
Does your god really accept your lies?
@DanMorrow1125 @CMSGov we don't want Paul's Ryan please
Bull shit...it will be destroyed just like everything else.  She made Money off of her last Medicaid Medicare deal
Denying facts and attacking the messenger (CBO) can't work forever. BLS wrong under Obama, right if you like the numbers now.
is it me, or can you tell from the look on her face that she knows she's being set up?
From a family of immigrants?! Is this allowed under this Russian/Republican administration?! #ImpeachTrump
SNOWFLAKE CRYING CLUB GOING ON HERE, HOW SWEET!
Other than Obamacare, when was our Healthcare system great before with millions uninsured? RESIGN
Wise decisions are being made at the WH.
A truly respectable place to be under Mr. P.Trump.
@POTUS 

P.S: Hello from France.
not sure that will work. Not fair to everyone. Everyone no matter where they live should get same care.
How do we know those frog's legs that POTUS fed Romney weren't from gay frogs? INVESTIGATE! #Mikepenceisnotgay
Congratulations!!!
@MR_PUNJABI brooo fellow Indians in the house woo woo
just not living up to the left liberal view of Trump!  Appointing a minority woman to a powerful position. They will find fault!
.@VP @CMSGov So many troll comments in so little space We need cooler heads to prevail Read it & see what changes are made to it Then judge
Indeed
Most of those are paid trolls or bots. Anytime @POTUS or @VP tweet, they're all over it. @CMSGov
So basically southern states get worse coverage than northern ones.  Got it.
America is great already.Trolling around some polarizing Indian family does not help.
She took her oath on the Bhagavad Gita 
(TRNSLXN:) "We've corrupted her as well."
Boy you can tell who the left wing extremist are!!
It is too bad that the only words you have to say is the script written by Trump.
Such sophistry, pence. Anyone with a brain knows you're a programmed wind-up doll.
CEO of her own company privatizing Medicare and Medicaid. Well played gentlemen. Well played.
you are kidding right !!!!!
Not if it's Trumpcare. That will cause greater damage to America than Tinfoilhat Trump's election, but not by much
LOLOLOL LIARS!
That's really going to amount to a lot of nothing here in the state of all of our money is paying for pensions Illinois.
You'll make it great for the young, the well, & the wealthy who don't need it. #antilife not prolife. You are not Christ-like
How about a plan that most Americans can afford. Not tax cuts for the wealthy
If they don't use what they pass, I don't want it !!!!
I'm told if I drop Medicare I lose my disability check from SSI .  That's crazy I'm paying for something I don't use now !
just not alabama please or we will all die.
The only "fix" for our "broken" health care system is national, single payer.  Can't fix a broken, bleeding heart w/ a bandaid
token dark skinned people in your government?  Nice touch!
thank you GO TRUMP! GO PENCE! #MAGA
No she won't
Let's make America great again by repealing and replacing the NWS, which steals 100% of the profits from the GSEs. #fanniegate
excise me, but when was Americas health care great? Obama made it available to more people. You chose not to fix the problems
U R such a liar. Block grants, phase out of Medicare  = no coverage 4 the poor higher death rates. Your ilk are inhumane. Shame
VP sick Liar for small handed egotistical baby DT
WAIT A MINUTE! is Trump aware she's NOT an white man?
Make healthcare unaffordable again, you mean.
keep up the good work
