Last time I spoke to his office....it was a yes.  None of these IN Senators/Rep are having town halls or doing anything much that I can see
@SenDonnelly included. He voted yes to arm the Saudis (one of only 5 Dems) he's not saying much. They are hiding. Putting forth min effort.
I hope the delay in the vote on the healthcare bill means you will hold town hall meetings to listen to Hoosiers.
No way.  He's afraid.
Indeed. Being a coward shouldn't be a part of being our representative.
are you scared to answer questions from your voters, or the people who will vote you out?
Yes
Thank you for taking time to meet with our veterans. Please perfect their access to health-care and vote no on the AHCA.
HES A DAM LIAR

LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
LIAR
There are many of us that would like to talk to you.  When is your next public meeting I can attend???
If you're a conservative Republican (as you claimed during primary race)why are you supporting socialized healthcare? Reagan is rolling over
Did you tell them you're about to screw 7 million of them? 

You're a God Damn Lying Conman! 

#NoAHCA
Do not vote for the senate healthcare bill! You were not put in office to cut #medicaid for Hoosiers!
Please vote " no " on the health care bill
So, are you ok with this? We're not.
Did you talk about how the ACA repeal and medicaid cuts would affect them?
1

The CBO estimates 22 million would lose insurance under the Senate #wealthcare bill — but, hey, Trump don't care! #HealthCare #TrumpDontCare 

Vetrans & their families rely on Medicaid. Vote NO on trumpcare if you're an honorable man.

Did you mention the effects on them from death bill or no...
Trumpcare AHCA is an atrocity against millions of people, it is a mistake. It is cruel and should never be approved. Please vote NO.


Oh GREAT! You're in town. Town Hall Meeting?? #represent
No.  Never happen.
When is your next town hall? I am mad, I am so over the @GOP and this administration. Protect ME and My EARTH!
Todd prefers to meet with small focus groups (big doners and perspective donors).   He'll only listen to you if you grease his palm.
Will you be holding any Town Halls over your break? I'd like to discuss your apparent support of #AHCA. It's time for #SinglePayer.  #indy


Vote no on Trumpcare. You represent us. Remember that!
340,000 veterans receive coverage through ACA Medicaid expansion. TrumpCare will hurt veterans. Please Vote NO
were u also honored to tell them u currently support #AHCA? Or could u not bare 2 face them & say u r scaling back their #healthcare?
He's a coward.  He proves that with every breath he takes.
Disabled people protesting Trumpcare outside your office were treated violently.  AHCA Is an atrocity. http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/06/26/police-just-responded-disabled-healthcare-protesters-brutal-violence-2/ …
Are you ok with 22 million people losing their insurance? Are you ok with largest FW hospital losing 35 million? Then don't vote yes!!!
Do your constituents know how you treat people with disabilities?
At @SenToddYoung office, police dragged an ADAPTer so hard they reinjuted her knee, post knee surgery. #ADAPTandRESIST #nocutsnocaps 

The AMA opposes the #Senate's #HealthcareBill, with physicians' vow to #FirstDoNoHarm at the crux of our opposition. http://spr.ly/60108oyAo  
Seems you have constituents who were injured after they were forcibly removed from your office. There's no honor in that, sir.
Those veterans use Medicaid. Please vote no on the AHCA, do more than speak, help these veterans retain their healthcare. #voteno
Vote no on healthcare.
HIV epidemic in Austin d/t sex trade and heroin.  A yes vote=death.   I suspect you will vote yes anyway because you are a coward.
DO NOT VOTE FOR THE HEALTHCARE BILL #HealthCareForAll #MedicaidMatters
Vote NO on Healthcare Bill- you can do better #ACA #Healthcare
#voteno on the AHCA, @SenToddYoung- show us you know better than Pence's "personal responsibility" nonsense.
#voteno on the senate healthcare bill. Healthcare should be a right for all Americans, not a privilege for the wealthy
No Rep Senator is meeting with their constituents. You've had ample opportunity. Why is that? The ppl who voted for you need an answer.
If you care so much about veterans oppose the cruel AHCA that will take coverage away from them.
Senator, I am a Hoosier begging you to speak out against the healthcare bill.  We are counting on you.
7 out of 1,000 live birth infant dies in Indiana each year. Indiana has one of the highest infant mortality rates. Medicaid cuts WILL hurt!!
You do realize that Trumpcare will make sure many of them have no insurance anymore.
I hope you plan to vote no on the Senate hc plan, considering some 400,000 vets will lose care. Country over party, Todd.
Did you explain to them how you and your counterparts are gonna strip them of their healthcare?
Vote Against #TrumpCare Todd!  Save Hoosiers!
Please, for the sake of all Hoosiers that you represent, #VoteNo on the healthcare bill.
Did you tell them how you will ruin their healthcare?
Please, Senator Young, #voteno on the senate health care bill. Hoosiers are counting on you to do the right thing.
Why does Trumpcare include a retroactive tax cut on investment income?
Did you also tell them you might vote Yes to a bill that would deny many veterans access to Medicaid?
Veterans are being destroyed by everyone right now from the health care bill. By @POTUS and @SecShulkin policies we need help and a voice.
That's great! When are you holding a town hall meeting to speak with your constituents about the Senate Healthcare bill? We need to know.
Healthcare a human right. We the People...created Equal. We all deserve the same quality/cost of medical treatment. #realnews #noAHCA
Healthcare is not a right guaranteed by the Constitution. Govt. has no business in the insurance business
Please have the honor to vote no on the AHCA.
Thank you. My dad and husband were WW2 and Vietnam War veterans. Now about that new healthcare bill...
Please, I ask you to vote no on the healthcare bill. We are better than to let people suffer and needlessly die. Please.
Did you talk to them about voting against this immoral health care bill?
Those veterans use Medicaid.
Did you happen to share the new Senate version of Trumpcare with them?
Please also support the removal of the traitors in the White House. Please don't take healthcare away from regular folks & give $$$$ 2 rich.
Did you tell them about cuts to healthcare for vets in the GOP health plan so wealthy can get more tax breaks?
How many of them rely on Medicaid supported nursing homes?
Did you tell them about @gop attack on healthcare and blatant disrespect for veterans?
Too bad you didn't have the honor to resign right there.
Wear a poppy flower? Or is that the wrong message?
Did you tell them about the health insurance you're planning on taking from people?
Sen. Todd Young I have a question
It's so nice you dropped by the Hoosier state. Got time to chat with a few constituents? No? Yeah, that's what I thought.
Hoosiers look forward to your opposition to the current healthcare bill
Veterans will be hurt by the Senate healthcare bill. #voteNO
Please vote no on the healthcare bill
As a Hoosier voter, I'm asking you to vote no on the cruel healthcare bill your colleagues have crafted.
Was concern expressed about how the GOP's insurance bill would affect them?
