The swearing in of the latest member of the Trump KKK organization
KKK is. Democrat organization
  Check history.
Check your recent history, Donald Trump used to be a Democrat
"PBN" & you used to poop your diaper (maybe you still do); some things change.
Oh yay. More white people!
Well all Obama had was black people, get over yourself already
@SenToddYoung @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov After Sandy Hook Mr. Coats refused to pass gun safety laws- what a great hero. #pos
Guns n laws are not the problem, it is the hatefulness of the heart and lack of value for human life. One wants to do harm, they will!
You may think differently if your child was killed.
You could make your nation safer with healthcare, concern for the environment & fewer guns.
Spoken by a true democrat. There is a real need for physical safety in this country.
actually I'm a Canadian. We have all of those things and are much better off for it.
Great!! Not sure why these topics matter to you@FrankieDrevan?
The current US political climate puts the world at risk. I want better for you.
@SenToddYoung @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov nut job
@SenToddYoung @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov He was failing as a Govenor, so we elevate him to VP idiots
check out how unsafe #maga is in blue country
Indiana is very Proud once again today 
how will he do this. America is tired of promises without action. And promises that become lies. #vetsagainsttrump
He's an Indiana guy & nothing wrong with that except who are us Hoosiers getting to replace him??
everytime you open your mouth shut lies come flying out.
and line his pockets
@NCSCgov @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov Not if the Presidency or Vice-president ignores a Russian spy ship off naval base in Georgia.
yet another white male!
Pence, it's easy to see why you are the Trumpanzee No.1! Monkey see...
want to make are nation safe you should ask your fucking boss to stop tweeting about foreign policy.
God bless you all
Letting people with mental incompetence buy guns certainly wont!
. Who will keep us safe from you crazy people?
Angels don't cry. But children do.
GOD BLESS YOU
sport that #Green homie! #MMJ in da White House! 

@MarieMa49685063 @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov Them Indiana boys on them Indiana nights 
. OMG! I really didn't wanna have Tom Petty singing in my head today!
You should be ashamed- calling yourself #Christian but cutting money to feed the poorest #JesusSeesYou
.@VP @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov Another old white guy? Thank God, this diverse cabinet was making me nervous.
Yeah Mr. Million dollar private flights- of course they cut lunches & Med assist for poor kids and old folks
"When i was hungry, you canceled my food stamps
When i was thirsty, you diverted lead & coal into my water
When i was in prison, you enslaved me to corporations 
When i was a stranger with brown skin you deported me
From the lonely you took away social programs 
From the elderly, you took away meals & medicine
From the workers, you took away legal protections 
From the young, you took away school funding
From the victims, you took away shelter
Instead of diversity, you encourage intolerance
Instead of caring, you encourage isolation 
Instead of equity, you encourage military excess
When the 1% has ground us into the dust, taken all of our money, and let us die for lack of insurance -
Our nation was a lot safer before you and the child President were elected. Trump makes Kim Jong seem sane.
@fish_tell @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov #boycottdisney #BeautyAndTheBeast
bull shit
shame on you Mike!  Don't forget someday you'll meet your maker!
You almost sound like you believe the Trumpbullshit. You're embarrassing yourself.
Did you totally forget to vet this Mike Flynn guy?

how about you stop stealing meals from old veterans? Your elective blindness will catch up to you.
@mitchellvii @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov We would be safer if we could remove all the unhinged democrats. Reopen mental institutions
16
1040.
 now he can remove the left over trash
It's about time he got confirmed!! 
Hey VP Smirk - was this on the same day he laid a wreath on Old Hickory's tomb?   How ironic.
Mr. Vice President, how many @POTUS lies can you tolerate? You can end this nightmare. Invoke the 25th!
INDIANA is representing!!
Do you really believe these people 'make US safer' no really?? you are Chrsitian and these lines are lies.
@rharrisonfries @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov -Impossible tomake safe Itybity judges have more power than Trump theyare Muslim controlled
The only way our country would be safer is to rid it of you, Trump and the entire EVIL Greedy admin!
we are not unsafe
Is he another millionaire?
dummies.
one mistake Mike Flynn
bravo 2,000 more cabinet seats to fill.
Congratulations lets get the rest of cabinet done Rothstein dont let democrats bully you
where is the rest of Potus cabinet tell rhinos to get moving where are pictures for the va
@SenToddYoung @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov  - "believe me" ; how can we trust you with the unfounded Obama wiretap issue?
Great job sir,. Keep up the good work.  We need u & Donald to fight for us!
 thank you for all.your hard work
impossible if the judges make and ignore law
thank you mr vice president.
More Hoosier Proud!
Coats has a TERRIBLE RECORD of human rights in Indiana and along with Burton were very anti-gay for years.
yay .  Another old white guy.  Yahoo .  Diversity is tor loser Liberals
Please work towards the day every American carries a concealed handgun.  We'll be so safe then !
you ALL make us look like a laughing atock@to the rest of the world. U make me sick!!!!!
Glad you are aboard.  Ignore the haters.
I hope he doesn't have any special #russiagate ties in his closet!    #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #resist
You're like a boil on America's ass!
.    go VP Mr Pence !!!
all your selections are great...until they're found to be liars!!!
@blessed4home @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov please keep up the great work
You will all be in handcuffs and hauled out of our White House..
Lying Mike, tell us how you and the Deranged One put Moscow Mike in charge of OUR security?
# it's about time
Thank you for your service.
Spit my water out on that one.
You are obsessed with personal safety.  That's unhealthy, and unChristian.
congrats !!
Their nothing open about Trump, But God will expose that which is covered in Jesus name Amen
Pence God is watching you,you'll are making our country unsafe with what you are doing God Help Us Please
Praying for you and our great country. 
Probably more Swamp material...can't be outstanding..the rest of the Swamp Cabinet Team are all evil bigots
liberals are college educated idiots
thank you MR vice president, you are doing a great job for the American people. Sorry for the ignorant libs
But this doesn't make up for all the ways he has made us look ugly and petty.
We are pretty safe already. Sounding a fake alarm for our fake president in preparation for the real problem you are drumming up. Cowards.

Your statements are always useful in that I know the opposite of whatever you say is likely the truth
PENCE IS NOTHING MORE THAN TRUMP'S LAP DOG. (THE FLY IS OPEN)
@congressdotgov @GOP Don't let this rogue judges make a mockery of USA! Do Ur Jobs & impeach this Traitors
the oath given & acknowledged on the Holy Bible !
people first the American way 
we are safe as safe can bePlease put your energies into infrastructure jobs health insurance
THATS GREAT
A good man
i think GOP has sealed any hopes of re- election. A wasted wall over feeding our elders & kids. So so sad
how can you  leave so many people behind on health care ? How can you hurt our elderly hungry kids ?  Sad
hope he can filter out all the bad apples there so we can get things moving 
are you going to apologize to president obama, since our doofus president won't?
Good job My Vice President.
Congratulations!
Terrific! A new Imperial Wizard aboard. That old one was gettin' tired.
N KY this wk u lied thru ur teeth about ACA bein disaster n 1state where its a success!#stoplyinurassoff
Another crook.
Is he going to address the Terrorist acts of right wing nut jobs? They are the worst now
you know what....I don't feel safe with you all leading this country...you make me SICK
such hatred......and ALWAYS from Democrats....
Awesome. Please investigate Russia.  Don't forget Russia.
Could you please comment on why you displayed fake outrage and lied about Flynn? Cummings sent you a letter so you knew! #resist
Most excellent, congratulations!! #MAGA #BuildTheWall #ProudofmyPresident #BoycottHawaii
drain that swamp!
that's awesome. Congrats
get rid of 400+ military bases around world.  Shut down GITMO
We need every one of those bases. We need GITMO the most to hold the worst terrorists.
A fine choice Mr VP. God bless
is it "mother"?!?!
MAGA
Ya, such a liar Blanche! Ya, was always a liar.
Spicer just Destroyed The Media !!!!   #MAGA
.  Congratulations and good luck
-Too bad we can't get the judges who are sworn to uphold the law do their job. Unless U R Judge in Hawaii
oh yea, that anti- American judge. I know the one you are talking about.
. @VP @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov build a wall to keep people in. Then also add more prisons. Wake up ppl.
I'd rather be homeless than DJT'S dildo...
so far Trump/Pence team has selected only incompetents for office
Birds of a feather....  nuff said.

- #TrumpCare
Are you living in another world? Have you checked out? Are you watching the news?
Yes, he has and Guess WHAT?! It's a bunch of LIES. #FakeNews
Where's the wall, the Muslim ban, Trumpcare, the wiretap, all the winning? Liars. Losers. Putzes.
, If the world would see us as the semblance of love, they would not fear us, or we of them.
Love doesn't lie nor hurt poor people. PLEASE GET REAL
He looks mean enough, but to which side.
Any ties to Russia as so many in the cabinet demonstrate?
@mitchellvii @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov
my ass is always safe for your tongue mr vp
. Every patriotic American shares your sentiments. God has blessed America again!!!
God doesn't bless lies which are against the Ten Commandments. God doesn't condone hate.
congratulations!
@SenToddYoung @SenDanCoats @POTUS @ODNIgov Indiana invasion! Congratulations.
Awesome! Another fellow Indiana native
U & trump are a cancer on America & a threat to her values & people. U select hatred, fear & division.
you have to tweet these kind of statements because I doubt you could say them with a straight face 
I don't believe you
CLEAN HOUSE there!  #DrainTheSwamp
the American people are safe but they are not safe from their lousy president
I sure wasn't safe from the Obama administration....scary
Seems Pence's biggest liability is probably his constant Lying
Mike Pence lied. Bannon wasn’t a captain, and he didn’t serve during war time.
BTW Mr @VP I am still waiting for an answer regarding your voting fraud investigation. What have you learned? Time to share, yes??
get a life
