"Democrats are threatening to hold up a qualified #SCOTUS nominee for 1 reason: to hurt Donald Trump." @SenateMajLdr http://politi.co/2lffTlT 
You're on thin ground senator. In Indiana, we review that facts, records and data, openly. All the data. #DoYourJob
So did Merrick Garland.
so what is your reason for why #MerrickGarland didn't deserve the same?
actually no.  Trump hurts himself and your country. This is all in favor of Mitch and Ryan
Oh?  I'd say he deserves exactly as much consideration as #Garland
Like the one the Republicans gave Merrick Garland?
Hope you will be voting to confirm!
wait a record number of days before we even consider this candidate so we can still enjoy the freedoms MOST Americans support.
will do what is necessary to make sure you are not re-elected

and you thought that about Merrick Garland too, right?   And you shared your opinion with your fellow party members, right?
You wanted to do what was right by Hoosier families you represent? Listen to concerns of your constituents, right?
Epic fail!
Lets talk about Betsy Devos campaign contributions to you,  You should abstain!
Today we witnessed power being put before the welfare of our children. Glad to know ppl of privilege r represented.
Did you allow an up-or-down vote on Merrick Garland?  He had a distinguished record, too?  Tell us why this is different.
#merrickgarland
so did Obama's nominee's but no one had a problem filibustering for a year on that. You're a joke.
oh not the big bad scary democrats! Idiot!
I suggest listening to Hoosiers and not GOP leadership and WH.  Our voices matter.
Said the last POTUS...
but.. Will he have the guts to stand against the president IF the president does unlawful deeds? That will be part of his job.
I'm an Indiana Democrat. We're still upset about having this seat stolen, so don't be too surprised if we don't welcome him.
@SenatorSessions too racist for 1980s @GOP, Perfect racist for @SenateGOP of 2017. We've come a long way! #resist
so my rights and my choice to do with as I choose with my body means nothing g? Wow. Glad to know you care about us
Didn't Merrick Garland have the same qualifications & Republicans were being childish instead of CONSTITUTIONAL?
same was true for Merrick Garland...
fair like M. Garland fair or fair like, it's my ball so we play what I want to play fair? Not following your logic.
where was this sentiment  6 months ago?
fair consideration like Devos? U're a #sen4sale The state of Ind. will remember come next election, u can kiss ur seat goodbye
Judge Garland's distinguished record and previous Senate confirmation prove he deserves  consideration and an up-or-down vote.
upon reading these responses, I don't think you are very popular- maybe it's because you're a POS who can be bought? #pathetic
You will not be reelected.
just as the republicans held up President Obamas nomination. You can't have it both ways. #nevertrump
Gorsuch's record on LGBTQ rights is weak. All deserve equal rights under the law. Oppose Gorsuch! 
http://www.slate.com/blogs/outward/2017/02/01/neil_gorsuch_s_disturbing_record_on_lgbtq_rights.html …
I agree, and so did Merrick Garland. Don't you think?
by this reasoning, you failed in your duty to Americans to confirm Merrick Garland.
maybe people oppose this nominee because of his views. Please consider that.
#notodd #nextelection
I have concerns about his ruling on special needs (specifically autistic) education. Please address.
https://www.courtlistener.com/opinion/171177/thompson-r2-j-school-v-luke-p-ex-rel-jeff-p/ …
Isn't the point of all education to encourage independence & self-sufficency? Don't all students deserve the highest quality?
So it takes at least $48,600 to buy your vote, duly noted. I thought you were going to "stand up for Hoosier families"
you have misjudged your political future, if you had a spine, stood up for our children IN would have followed you to the Moon
if GOP hadn't hijacked our nation via blatant Gerrymandering Merrick Garland had the right to be nominated via Obama, shame
Its time for Indiana to identify and get Behind Todd Young replacement. HE IGNORED THE DESIRES OF HIS CONSTITUENTS 4 DEVOS $
spineless vote for Devos! Lifelong Republican but can't wait to volunteer for your opponent next election
Devos bought your vote! You should be ashamed.
So did Merrick Garland last year. But I'll have to give you a small pass on that one since your votes weren't for sale then.
Please Sen Young vote yes to confirm Gorsuch!
#MerrickGarland
you, sir, are a disgrace
When you're defeated after your next campaign, perhaps Betsy de Vos will give you some money to start your own charter school!
just like Obama's choice was / oh wait - he wasn't
Thank you for showing your constituents that your Vote Can Be Bought. #shameonyou #VoteNoDevos #firethefool
You can be assured you will not get my vote next election.  How about being paid off by Devos contributions??
thank you for supporting Gorsuch!
He will get fair treatment like Merrick
.@SenToddYoung, so what does that mean for #MerrickGarland? Where were you then?

Wow, you voted for an incompetent Sec of Ed...for money, for party loyalty. Be proud of that!
Where was the vote on Merrick Garland?
just like Merrick Garland? Your ilk are disgusting. The gall from @SenateMajLdr is enough to make me vomit.
and what do you have to say for yourself now? I thought Marines were supposed to be men of honor! Your DeVos vote is a shame
you have failed Hoosiers today. This will be remembered when you are up for re-election!
do you mean like the republicans did with Obama?
why didn't Merrick Garland's distinguished record get him fair consideration?  Please respond.
Party first country second.  You fell right in line.
Weak
hasn't Potus already filed papers to run for reelection? Yes, this means we are in an election cycle. No SCOTUS to the Bench.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr  $ more important than constituents! Devos vote proof! Enjoy your 1 term!
Sure. Just have an up or down vote on Garland first. Only fair to those who voted for Obama and were robbed of a SCOTUS seat.
Gorsuch's record demonstrates he should be confirmed. DeVos' record demonstrates she should not.
I see DeVos bought your vote for $48,600. Disgraceful! WE employ you not her. YOU will be held accountable for her perf.
. You are NOT advocating for Hoosier Families by confirming DeVos. You are advocating for your wallet, and personal interests.
why didn't Merrick Garland?
is this not what was done to Obama's nomination? The pot calling the kettle black.
vote no on Devos! How can you in good conscious support someone blatantly against public schools?
your vote to sell out Hoosier Children was relatively cheap.
Vote NO to Betsy Devos! She is wrong for Indiana! Please have the courage to do the right thing!
if you vote yes to DeVos, voters will vote NO to you. We will remember. She's unqualified - money is her fame. Do what's right
but merrick garland didn't ??? lmao ok
remember the Garland hearings for SCOTUS being obstructed for almost a yr, I remember, shame you forgot! KARMA!
were all you crooked GOP cult members living under a rock for the last 8 yrs? your total obstructionism  hurt middle class bad
So get rid of the damned filibuster. It's only ever used to stop Republican nominees anyway. Y'all don't use it.
.@SenToddYoung I see you've been bought and paid for by Besty DeVos. #SwampThings #NoVoteBestyDeVos
Judge Garland's distinguished record and previous Senate confirmation proved...hypocrite!
.@SenToddYoung So your support goes to someone like this? #NotMySenator
we Hoosiers understand you like the judge. You've tweeted several times. Now stop DeVos!!
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @POLITICOMag Gorsuch fine...Betsy Devos is cronyism and a horrible choice say no, please.
Sir, I think you should contribute the $48,000 from Betsy DeVos to a scholarship fund for Hoosier children. And also vote no
on her confirmation to show that you might actually have even the tiniest sliver of good character/decency #DumpDeVos
No! Dems holding up someone who may not be able to separate legal insight from politics.
What about if Senate instead upholds same lofty standards that it set in considering distinguished #SCOTUS nominee Garland?
more concerned re: DeVos for now. Left my thoughts on vmail. Unable to connect with a human. Pls vote children over party
I agree. He deserves the same consideration the honorable and distinguished Merrick Garland received. 
@BetsyDeVos has no such record other than campaign $- 48k to you. Do the right thing for IN kids and vote No.
you wouldn't do the exact same thing?  Let's talk about your DeVos vote. Literally anyone else is more qualified.
Just like the GOP did with Merrick Garland correct?
The hypocrisy of the GOP is comical! How about we discuss the DeVos vote! She gave you cash, recuse yourself or vote NO!
The way the GOP held up Obama's nominee. Karma is a bitch. #nogorsuch #nodevos
The GOP held up a hearing of Garland for a year to hurt President Obama...not feeling the hurt.
does Devos have a distinguished record?
merrick garland never even got a hearing
if you confirm betsy devos this will be the end of your political career Indiana soundly rejects her nomination do whats right
Devos is a conflict of interest. Abstain!
I also find your silence on Trumps potential conflicts with Russia troubling and unAmerican. Country over party. #nospine
.@SenToddYoung #DeVos deserves a NO vote. Stop ignoring your constituents.
fair consideration...hmm. Think about fairness...like really deep down inside your core values...deeper. See anything, at all?
So did Judge Garland.  You broke it. You bought it. Defeat DeVos and we'll talk.  Take a bold stand. Parents remember & vote.
With all due respect, I hope you will cast No vote to DeVos, Sessions and Gorsuch.  Greetings from NWIN @SenDonnelly
How about you vote on Merrick Garland first?
Exactly!
Vote No on Betsy DeVos
Since when does the fact that a person deserves an up-or-down vote matter to you and yours?  #reapthewirlwind
you are ignoring the calls begging you to #VoteNoDevos we know she paid you off #wewillvoteyouout #wewillnotforget
.@SenToddYoung how convenient that you forget Garland so quickly, eh? He certainly deserved fair consideration and a vote, didn’t he?
Vote NO on DeVos. She is beyond unqualified. An insult to educators. Our children and teachers deserve much much better.
since DeVos bought your vote can we buy it for other issues?
Wow I have to agree with the mass of other tweets here - this is dramatically ironic; shows your extreme partisanship > people
maybe they are actually listening to what their constituents want.
Todd, are you really going all in with Trump? Your older self will regret it. Be a man and fight for consistency, not party
do not vote to confirm SCOTUS nominee. 46322
Like Merrick Garland, Gorsuch has a distinguished record and deserves the SAME consideration.
If you vote for #BetsyDevos we will not hear #JudgeGorsuch for #Scotus
Political Tit for Tat.
I agree! Also vote for DeVos!
what about your replacement for Obamacare?Judge Gorsuch is not your biggest problem.
Merrick Garland deserves a fair confirmation hearing & vote.
you sure do have a short memory. Do you remember Garland?
Maybe start by admitting how your party created this situation with Garland
Merrick Garland was a great candidate for the supreme court!  Maybe you should confirm him first.
if you do not stand up for what is right the people in your district will not forget you will never be voted in again
did you see how many women were in Indianapolis for the women's march we will remember if you vote for DeVos
what about Betsy DeVos?oh and how long did the Republicans hold up Obamas choice?
So did Merrick Garland. You cannot say one deserves consideration and not the other.
Distinguished record incl Harvard Law & SCOTUS Clerk, Court of Appeals Justice? Merrick Garland was too. Where was his vote?
What is your vote on DeVos? We don't want her, only you since you got $48,000 from her  SHAMEFUL
Donald Trump hurts himself every time he opens his mouth..Dems want a SCOTUS for all Americans
@SenateGOP as my Senator I’d tell you that Merrick Garland deserved the same. Where were you then?
I represent a large group of your constituents not happy with your behavior. NO on Gorsush. NO on DeVos. NO to @POTUS #RESIST
. Sen. Young you are there because of your constituents! Vote for US! Not your party!
So did 
#MerrickGarland....so where's his vote?? That should be priority!
so did merrick garland. BTW will you give DeVos her $48,000 back and vote no on her confirmation?
Wow Todd you blew it!  @SenatorTillis got $70K for his vote!  Who cares she is incompetent and clueless w/education?
.@SenToddYoung If you refused to vote on Merrick Garland, you should be ashamed of voting for Gorsuch in his place. #GarlandsStolenSeat
He deserves the same treatment Judge Garland got. #hypocrite
until YOU have time post position on Russia, Betsy DeVos & Travel Ban, we cant believe you had time vet Gorsuch. Priorities?
Kind of reminds me of the last 4 years of your party garbage. Karma is such a cool thing!
Just like Judge Garland.
listen to your constituents! We don't want Betsy Devos and we don't want Gorsuch!
You should have extended that same consideration to Merrick Garland
You represent Hoosiers! Don't approve Devos!
So did Merrick Garland's.
if Betsy Devos has teachers unions this upset she must be doing something right I say confirm
In the meantime, what's your stance on DeVos? Hoosiers want to know if you'll support or betray us.
.@SenToddYoung Bullshit, he wants to take women's rights away from their own bodies. He, and you, should be ashamed. #resist
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @POLITICOMag up or down vote on Merrick Garland first.
We will support Gorsuch confirmation ONLY if you vote #nodevos. This is politics, Todd.
Get a backbone! Stand up to the GOP bullies and vote #NotoDeVos She's ridiculously unqualified. #DumpDevos or we #DumpYoung
- Where was this sentiment when President Obama nominated Mr. Garland?
Why haven't you commented on the "distinguished" Betsy DeVos?
if you have any heart at all, please vote NO TO DEVOS. She doesn't have the credentials to even be a high school principal.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Obama could have sought the Senate's advice & consent but chose political hack Garland instead.
and what do you say to Hoosiers who felt Judge Garland deserved the same consideration?
This is the height of hypocrisy, and you know it.
I thought marines were supposed to be honorable.  Being bought off by Betsy Devos wasn't very honorable of you.
Oh, really???  http://www.npr.org/2016/10/17/498328520/sen-mccain-says-republicans-will-block-all-court-nominations-if-clinton-wins …
the same cannot be said for DeVos. What makes her qualified? Put IN residents first not your party.
.@SenToddYoung I don't think @realDonaldTrump should be allowed to make a #SCOTUS appointment in the last year of his presidency.

-not to "hurt Trump"!?As if he hurts? It's about bad appointments he makes- it's about a FAIR DEMOCRACY- not authoritarian!!
So did Merrick Garland...that's his seat.  GOP said they'd stall anyone Clinton put forth, turn about is fair play.
Sorry if Republicans didn't have to do their job w/Merrick Garland why should the CONSTITUTION now suddenly work for your pick
I am ok with that but DeVos and Bannon need to go. I hope you understand why people feel that way.
no, remember Merrick Garland? 
hypocrite.
So did Merrick Garland.  GOP couldn't be bothered.  Live by the sword, die by the sword.
Merrick Garland.
@SenateGOP find a qualified person who hasn't paid you off for dept of ed NO on DeVos
Where was this sentiment for Merrick Garland @SenToddYoung? Your double standards are embarrassing and abhorrent for a former Hoosier.
i like to make fart sounds with my armpits, mouth, and buttocks.
Nope.
I am confused, didn't the Republicans do this 2 Obama ? Hmm, seems familiar
