I want to talk about this:


How much money did you accept from the NRA?  Are you going to send back the blood money?
Almost $74,000.   Blood money, indeed.  His hands are drenched.  No wonder he hasn't tweeted about the massacre.
Including the ads that the NRA buy for Todd Young, he accepts almost $3 MILLION.
What are you doing about CHIP- healthcare for low income children? And hurricane relief in Puerto Rico? #RiseUp #HelpPuertoRico #CHIPexpired
Maybe when you're done with Trump's tax plan which provides 80% of the cuts to the upper 0.5 %, you can address gun control.
Senator Young looks like under your so called Middle Class Tax Cuts Middle Class is going to pay more taxes I am one of them
Please talk to Hoosiers about your thoughts.  Hold town halls so we can have access!  Thank you
Hey Indiana, the NRA owns your Senator! Vote him out of office! You deserve better!
$2.8 MILLION todd?

Is that why you haven't made a statement yet on the white terrorist #lasvegas nra enabled tragedy?

@indystar
Maybe when you are done with your fixation of taking away healthcare from 32 million  you can address gun control. But I doubt that happens.
Says the rich boy whose daddy bought him a senate seat. This tax bill will save daddy money. Hoosiers know better.
I am a Hoosier and I believe it will
I would love to be wrong. And I admire your optimism. Get back with me in 3 years.
Why, you'll still b cryin
Hello Todd----- people are dying and need help. Enough with the tax reform for the wealthy #PuertoRico #CHIPexpired #GunContolNow #ACA
American families need CHIP to be paid for without harming other programs before we start dishing out our revenue!
That slick little smile after each statement is a blatant indicator of the egregious spin taking place here.
We don't want trickle down economics. Doesn't work! #TaxReform #CHIP #Devos #TrumpTaxReturns #PuertoRico
Hey, look at that!  Over 2 million in donations from the NRA!
Would you explain how any of this helps Hoosiers when we our nearly fully employed now??? 3.1% Unemployment
Jobs not the problem. Benefits/Wages are. This plan does not address these issues.
Now IS the time to talk about gun control. We can not control people but we can limit access to ammo for high powered weapons #GunControl
Lie.
You mean more to the 1%

Wrong! Only ones helped are rich and corporations! Paid for on the backs of the rest of us! You’re supposed to represent us! Do your job or lose your job!

AFTER FIRST TOUR OF PUERTO RICO,, top U.S. General calls damage 'the worst he's ever seen' - PBS News  http://hotpagenews.com/r/190238 
Great job Marine!
Liar.
I don't believe you
At this point, you own Trump.  And when Trump's downfall is imminent, only then will you criticize him.
Yet again you are showing distain for your constituents by not being honest about Trump's tax plan.  You are part of the Trump swamp.
Once again, I ask you to listen to your constituents- Trump's tax reform will NOT benefit Hoosiers!  Trickle down does not work!
Get rid of so called "Right to work Law". Stupid law just makes state more poor. I don't see a rush of companies to IN
It’s all lie no Tax Cuts for Average Americans while Top 1% getting half of the Cuts Middle Class gets nothing
Did you look at the numbers Middle Class is getting Tax Increases instead of Tax Cuts and you are promoting it without any shame
My taxes go up and the rich get richer? No thanks
Poor pay 12% instead of 10% 
Rich pay 35% instead of 39.6%
everyone pays less??? @GOP math
When are you going to condemn the racist response of Trump to Puerto Rico?  I assume never, because you are a hollow person.
The safety of Fox News.  Why don't you meet with your constituents?
Your and Trump's tax cut plan for billionaires raises taxes on the poor to pay back your rich friends for their donations #ReverseRobinHood
Liar
Todds a sellout. Fits right in
Surely not.
Hoosiers have already seen what trickles down from a tax reform plan like this and it's NOT better paying jobs, senator
seiously, why is this twitter active, have you not noticed the hoosiers following are too smart to buy the bullshit you choose to post
Do you really believe that load of shit or do you just think your constituents are stupid enough to believe it?
The only Hoosier Families it’ll aid are those in the top 1%.  You’re a liar and a corporate shill.
light bill up21%, home insur up 15% annually, kids going to college, wages are flat. Even if I were getting tax cut...it won't help! 
Once or twice you've said something to make me wonder if there's hope for you after all but then you follow it up with more Trump puppet BS.
You represent Indiana not Trump Enterprises.
Senator, come to Indiana & meet with us. No call in radio, no by invite only, no scripted Q's, Meet with middle class Hoosiers.
Have you ever had a real job? Businesses hire bc they need someone to do the work involved in meeting customer demand for product/service 1/
Businesses do not hire bc they got a tax break. A biz owner who bases his/her hiring on tax rates won't be in business long. 2/
Where are the spending cuts?
It's a lie. Nowadays companies don't use their money to hire more people. They use their money to automate and lay off people
Then they use the money they saved to increase their salaries and give themselves big bonuses.
You're getting your information from a businessman who has made an art form out of not paying the contractors he hires.
Vote no on tax cuts for the wealthy and taking away mortgage breaks for the middle class.
Receptivity? Who writes this?
What LIES
So far all I can tell is that the Rich get a tax break and I pay more taxes.
This is nonsense.
Why are you not talking about Puerto Rico?
The 1% thank you. The rest of us? At least kiss us before you screw us, okay?
Where will the come to offset the lost revenue from taxes and no voodoo economic please.... details
Lies. Why are you selling out working class Hoosiers like this?

Tax reform, are you kidding me. What about the people in Puerto Rico?
I got a price on kitchen remodel20000 not top of the line though new car 25090 so I'll need a bigger cut the wealthy don't !
Next time you talk could you tell the truth and make sense? The #PartyLine is  #BS and you know it  @Senate GOP
Todd Todd Todd when will you start working for Hoosiers? This tax thing will do nothing for the middle. Please stop lying to the people
Horrible plan that GOP has tried many times. You know it doesn't work.
If trickle down Econ worked, why are profits in certain industries so sky high when wages stagnate? What are they waiting for?
Liar. My taxes will go up.
Mine too!
Even a high school student knows trickle down doesn't work...never has. #notrickledown
40% of the cuts go to the top .1%. Do you think those are average taxpayers?
Bull, Todd. You know darn well who this will "aid." #NotOnePenny
Analysts say that HALF of the tax cuts go to the top 1%. How does that help Hoosier families again?
Benefits the super rich and takes 450 billion from Medicare. NOT a good plan!
Trump Tax reform. Transfer tax revenue to the rich. W done it also. Look what happened. 
Adds to debt.
Todd Young a yes man to rich & Trump
Every GOP wants to take $ from Treasury & give it to  1%. Say it “gives” us jobs. Rich never “gave” me anything. We pay the bills, not 1%. 
We fight their wars, they start. We die, so they can sell arms to our enemies, make more $. No thanks Todd. You only care for your wallet. 
Did they teach finance @ Annapolis? You miss that Day? No way they teach this. It’s failed twice. Now we have Bankruptcy King doing it again
Save your $ everyone if it passes. Hard times coming once again. Todd & Trump be ok though. They’ll have “our” money in their bank accounts
Wow, they are really going to hate you win they find out you’re lying!
The pass thru rate has to match the highest personal bracket. Otherwise you are creating the biggest individual tax loophole imaginable.
You think we'll believe this? I have some swampland to sell you. @un_belizable @Marlenedougher @1401bonniek @melaniefeelgood @
Dynamism and equity, you say...
Horseshit bill to give @realDonaldTrump and his cronies millions in tax savings while raising taxes on the poorest Americans from 10% to 12%. #dickmove
It help's the rich get richer not much else
So you lied?
What do you think about lake county Indiana paying more taxes? This county was the biggest income generator for years..
You want to do on US scale now?
Senator, the tax plan would decrease tax of average Hossiers in manufacturing by $40 per year.  Businesses will not increase wages.
This will NOT help Hoosier families. It will only benefit the 60 people in Indiana that are lucky enough to pay estate taxes.
The GOP tax reform is nothing more than the FAILED TRICKLE-Down economics LIE crooked GOP repuks have puke out for 40 yrs! I call BS!
3 weather events increase military spending build a wall how you pay Todd?
Indiana taxes pension social security then lake county taxes an extra 1.5 percent.. kiss my ass
Suuure, buddy. More importantly at this moment: What are you doing to help Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands?
