2/2 Feedback from both D’s & R’s alike will be welcome. We need input from all sides to fix Obamacare mess.
Replacement should allow purchase across state lines, no mandates.
Do not vote in favor of this monstrosity of a health care plan if you give half a crap about Hoosiers!
good then start over. This product is just Obamacare with your name in it. Stupid  #fullrepeal. Then replace. See?  It's easy
House & Senate ARE repeating the mistake of 2009.  We don't want govt. hcare.  GOPCare is just another flavor of ObamaCare.
My family needs your Health coverage, that's the only way a repeal and replace would benefit my family
I guess you changed your mind.
Make insurance unaffordable for the poor and people over 50. give tax breaks to the rich. Sounds like a typical GOP plan.
No you will make major new one.
I hope the Trumpcare doesn't kick the poorest and sickest out of our nations heath care, or make it too costly to enroll.
well again just repeal it.  Majority doesnt want a replacement.
Hopefully not make new and bigger mistakes, like costing thousands of Hoosiers their health care.
.@SenToddYoung #ryancare cements many bad elements of Obamacare in place. This is a piece of garbage. Start over. #FullRepeal.
Where's the CBO score? How much will it cost us? How can u vote b4 disclosing the cost? ACS process was much more transparent
The American people want to keep ACA!
See to a swift health exam of president trump asap.  His recent tweetstorm shows  bad paranoia.  Help him resign.
now that u mention mistakes being repeated- I'm going to do my part to make sure mistakes made Nov 2016 will not be repeated
IF THAT IS THE CASE then WHY the need for closed door meetings? How many "weeks"? #resist #ACA
I don't get the grammar of your Tweet.  You mean your Republican base will be pleased in weeks?
please dont say feedback is welcome. You ignore us
plot twist - there is no replacement plan!
do not raise rates on my mom because she is old or on me because I am female. ACA is fair to all but the richest people.
but you don't listen when we talk to you so why share it?
. @SenToddYoung except you won't even answer the phones to get feedback from your constituents.
If you held a #TownHall maybe you would see why Hoosiers want #Obamacare!
Will you ever be seen though?? I know your constituents would love a town hall or two.
come home to Indiana & hold open town hall.  Stop hiding out in D.  C.  like repubs Fake ACA redo.
Details Details! Closed door meetings & not sharing info with all members of congress. Doesn't sound good- seems sneaky #ACA
We will NOT repeat mistake of electing YOU. #fire_the_fool #NotTheEnemy
been waiting 8 yrs for the crooked GOP plan, a couple more weeks won't make any difference!
BTW enjoying every minute of Pence's AOL debacle & half truths of how his is so different...NOT!
Tired of the buzz phrase by Ryan "you will have access" which means absolutely nothing to the avg citizen. You guys got nothin
And yet no one is allowed to preview it, including @RandPaul .  Stop trying to blow smoke up my --
The horse is dead, you don't need to keep beating it.  Fact is R's have had many years to replace ACA & nothing.
Do the job right this time---and make it strong. Make it work for the working!
btw call it what it is! ACA is what we have calling it Obama Care already makes yours sound stupid.
maybe you could have held a town Hall and seen what your constituents wanted! We would like what you have! Is that it?
face your constituents and stop hiding behind twitter
If you told everyone that you have a healthcare plan but actually don't. If no one else can help. And if you can find them...
the GOP had 8 years to come up with something.  Your party is a wreck.
you're on the wrong side of this. You should #StandWithRand @RandPaul and demand the house show us Hoosiers the bill!
then why the hell won't you show it to us now? Politicians in secret are a recipe for corruption!
When you said you were visiting St Petersburg,  was that the one in FL or Russia? #trumprussia #townhall #voterfraud #taxreturns
Can you explain the Obamacare mess? And weeks, ha!  #trumprussia #demandthosetaxreturns #areyoufascist
but not enough time for the CBO to review its feasibility?
And will you listen to your constituents' opinions? I'm new to IN but I haven't seen much listening from you yet...so curious.
Short answer, no he will not listen. Longer answer, he's proving to be a party puppet and has hitched his wagon to the derailing trump train
you been talking about this for six years where is the plan?
Todd young you are not responding to your constituents remember I employ you
Weeks?  Don't you think it requires more thought and study than that?  No, you are in a rush to do anything, even if dumb.
that's just a lie a dirty lie completely false
no Obamacare mandates! No Obamacare subsidies! No Obamacare taxes!
you are hiding it that's bulllshit and I will lose my healthcare my impending death is on YOU
no,  you're making worse mistakes and hiding like the coward you truly are.  You're an embarrassment to the Marines
What mistakes would that exactly be? Thousands of people in Ind finally able to AFFOFD health insurance? It's 2017 not 2009
With any luck the Senate will be able to see it (and read it) even before that, right? 20 million Americans want to know.
You do understand that there’s an out-of-control dumpster fire going on right now re: #trumprussia don’t you?!?!!!
And will the CBO rate it? Or will you prevent that as well?
WHY IS IT TAKING SO LONG WE HAVE A FAKE PRESIDENT RUNNING THE COUNTRY NOW IS THIS GOING TO BE A FAKE HEALTHCARE PLAN TOO
you mean like how we begged for you not to vote for @BetsyDeVos and you did anyway? How are you voting on HJR 57?
'Will not repeat mistakes of 2009.' No, You're going to make all-new mistakes.
How many will lose coverage?
You will have the freedom to choose whatever you can afford. #townhall #trumprussia #taxreturns #partypuppet #toddisayesman
Uh huh. And people 50 and older will get to pay 5X what others pay. Lots will lose any coverage. #Winning #MAGA
It will be great, the greatest plan ever. Just tremendous.  Obamacare was terrible, but our plan is greater than great, the best. Bigly.
Hearing bad things.. @RandPaul is not a fan

Do we have to go to the basement of Congress to look at it? Hiding the bill isn't a great sign. Can we agree on that?
Well let's see it Todd. We won't all be Young for long.
