Medicaid matters for children @SenToddYoung #DontCapMyCare. Protect Medicaid in your healthcare bill
well take healthcare and hand out a pandemic #geefukinthanks
Try providing full funding for the CDC and NIH as well as fixing the existing law instead of opposing it for partisan reasons. #hypocrisy
Medicaid gives 54,000 kids a better chance for a healthy future. #DontCapMyCare #KeepKidsCovered
He never responds #silent #coward
Experts: Certain chance #AHCA means 23 million lose healthcare in next 10 years. We must improve, not repeal, #ACA.
First, basic health care. Hoosiers need to see you and hear you on the Senate floor demanding #transparency. #ShowUsTheBill
We need to see him in a Townhall but he's too chicken!
Like I told @RepWalorski  #GetYourResumeReady
Wow...you seem to care about a pandemic...but not Afforable Healthcare that doesn't benefit the President and Uber wealthy?! WTH? #resist
yes and you must support affordable care not Trumpcare which will not only eliminate care, but help spread diseases
Read the proposed healthcare bill. It does nothing to prevent this or to make US healthier. We need better healthcare, not different #VoteNO
You need to listen to what hospitals, doctors and nurses are telling you about this healthcare bill and how dangerous it is.
Then why would you support a POTUS that wants to cut funding for medical research? Why support a healthcare bill that will hurt millions?
You should be cowering in shame that the AHCA bill was ever committed to paper. You *ran* on this issue, where is your spine!? #coward
You know what spreads a pandemic? Having folks with no AFFORDABLE access to basic healthcare. Vaccines and early med care stops 'flu spread.
Someone who claims to be pro-life should show genuine regard for human life. Don't let people die to save money. Vote NO
Another thing that may help stop pandemics, a healthy population with good healthcare.  Too bad your bill makes American healthcare worse.
Indiana's infant mortality is one of the worst in US, 7.1%. Cuts or caps to maternal/child care in Medicaid will not help!#dontcapmycare
I am a pediatrician & my patients have one message: #DontCapMyCare #KeepKidsCovered !
Glad you are worried.  #AHCA, as proposed, is not going to help fight a flu pandemic.
Preparedness is key! That's why insurance that covers the shot for free for all is so important. Global health needs aren't met with AHCA
The Senate bill eliminates CDC funding source.The PPH fund provides about 12% of CDC's overall budget & 40% of the CDC's immunization budget
and you want to cut Medicaid funding? Brilliant idea! /s
Senate healthcare bill killing millions! You must improve this!
What about the AHCA, which you endorsed, killing millions of American citizens, Todd?
That won't matter with the proposed healthcare bill!
Good thing we have a secret health care plan
Okay. So you take away insurance. Good thinking. Don't do it.
If only someone could do something to make sure that the most vulnerable had insurance instead of guaranteeing the rich a tax cut...
If only they had health insurance.
Hell no! Gut the @WHO like the @EPA and let private companies do it! That is how capitalism works. Liberals like ToddY are ruining America.
For god's sake get off of the pandemic thing and vote no on the Republican Senate health bill!
Deduction 4 executive salaries over $500k in healthcare bill. Insanity!    Medicare 4 all Only way to prevent civil war!
Can you trust the experts or are they just trying to sell flu shots? Just sayin. Dont care much for the monopoly called the AMA.
Please be worried about the health of the citizens in our country-- say no to Trumpcare!!
WHO is part of equation.  Health care for Americans is another.  Do not support the awful Senate bill!  We can do so much better!
Best way to be ready?  A healthy population. Support Hoosiers by voting NO to anything that restricts our healthcare.  Country over party!
He's incapable of doing the right thing!
can we please get govt. out of the insurance business. get this govt. back to basics
I suggest you resign, and go work for the UN. The left already hates you, now you're pissing off those who voted for you.
Improve WHO, sure, but you have to protect the Affordable Care Act and not deprive hundreds of thousands of Hoosiers of health coverage!
CBO: AHCA results in 14 mill losing coverage 1st year. 23 mill by 2026.
Experts: 1 in 485 uninsured dies of a preventable death. Math.
We also need to make sure CDC is receiving full funding, and 100% of Americans have affordable healthcare. #singlepayer
If you're going to tweet, Todd, read and be prepared for the response. Listen to your constituents...or go home.
Evan Bayh is not our Senator. We are a Representative Republic. Your view lost.
Why aren"t you talk about our healthcare plan?  How millions of Hoosiers you represent are going to be hurt?
Yes—public health is vitally important. Let's talk about how to ensure *everyone* can get healthcare when needed. #ShowUsTheBill #ACHA
Public health infrastructure is critical-/the repeal of ACA guts CDC budget where IN loses $40 mil. #ProtectOurCare and save #ACA
trump-puppet as crooked repuks continually reduce funding for most research
trump-puppets repuks vote to take healthcare away from millions, their death plan is working! now all they need to do, release the bacteria
#Trumpcare will take care of that. The elderly and uninsured will be the first to go. Thanks @SenateGOP
Wouldn't it be great if everyone had healthcare? I guess you're just going to hid behind your party.
Would be great if we all had health insurance if that happens too...
The #ACHA bill from congress, if passed by senate, will tie the hands of @WHO to do anything significant to prevent a pandemic.
The #ACHA if anything like it's predecessor will not provide Hoosiers with the care & prevention awareness needed to prevent pandemics.
Thank you for working on pandemic prevention. Hoosiers need affordable care & access to a PCP for the best chance to avoid large deaths toll
Sounds like a good idea.  Now how many millions is being cut from CDC, WHO, and other health organizations?
How about not taking away health care from 26 million Americans to start???
Repeal Obamacare. Rid the govt of every left wing tick who thought an Ebola quarantine was anti-science. You all know who you are.
A pandemic could make millions face serious illness, loss of life and then bankruptcy and financial ruin due to lack of health insurance.
Maybe not kick millions of people off of health insurance? Or not price them out of it? Just an idea. #ShowUsTheBill #NoAHCA
You can't possibly see the blatant hypocrisy as the Senate plots the #AHCA in secret? #SinglePayerSunday #MedicareForAll
The same @WHO that declared glyphosate a human carcinogen yet US politicians continue to subsidize the people who make it? 
Don't be a moron, affordable access to healthcare will prevent more deaths than this bill alone.  #NoAHCA
Craven does not even begin to describe you and your ilk at this time. #ShowUsTheBill
If only we had a comprehensive, sensible healthcare option that served public health rather than tax cuts for the wealthy. #coward
Try to grasp this, @SenToddYoung... Pandemic = sick people. Sick people = healthcare. Whatcha doing about healthcare? #noahca #ethicsnow
#MedicareForAll is the only way forward. You and the Senate are creating generational damage to the health of America.  Children will die.
Seems like those folks could really use affordable health insurance.

First and foremost people should have insurance.
Yeah, so let's repeal the ACA so no victims of said pandemic have access to health care. Disgraceful. You should be ashamed.
A national health care program would help combat it too!
Same group promoting climate change scam?
Cut the military budget by 1/3 and put it towards healthcare. 

FYI: I am an OIF veteran.
it's ridiculous that you are pushing this initiative & ignoring all the responses from your constituents about healthcare.
You must improve access to healthcare so we don't go bankrupt on 2018 flu season.
And we must have insurance. Will you be able to live with yourself if you vote for a bill that will result in deaths in Indiana?
You know what would NOT help with an epidemic?  24M people losing their insurance. You only care about rich people getting tax cuts.
Agree, but we also must address the secretive Republican health plan. Transparency is what we need at this very moment.
Yes. Be Prepared!  Get insurance and pick a PCP.
Doubt that's in the trump budget with all the science cuts.  Indiana has a great biotech sector, you should care more about science
