Vote NO on DeVoss. This isn't a partisan issue, it's about our kids receiving an education & being productive adults. @SenToddYoung
When $ is taken from public schools the brightest kids & kids that need help suffer. Better IN by making public school better!
If you are ProLife then protect our children & Vote NO on DeVoss. Give our disabled kids a chance to succeed in life! VOTE NO!
so you vote Devos who will gut our Public school systems? You are hypocritical weak man. You sold out or kids
Todd, IN's public school supporters ready to begin the vote NO on Young - get all the DeVoss $ you can
what is your plan to help children with disabilities succeed?

DeVos Confirmation Makes Immigrants America’s Only Source of Educated People - The New Yorker http://www.newyorker.com/?p=3311693&mbid=nl_020717%20Borowitz%20Newsletter%202%20(1)&CNDID=19859911&spMailingID=10383754&spUserID=MTMzMTc5NzE4NzEwS0&spJobID=1100581540&spReportId=MTEwMDU4MTU0MAS2 …
If you vote for DeVos, Hoosiers will make sure you are not re elected.  Enjoy your payoff
We deserve better. Be a champion of Indiana #strongpublicschools Please vote NO on DeVoe
the truth about school choice...
vote NO to Betsy DeVos!
Who are you representing here, your Hoosier constituents... or your out of state donors?
Remember- you rep ALL Hoosiers. We don't want DeVos. Please stand with us rather than your party.
? How will she ensure that ALL children have what they need? Children with special needs especially!
Senator - think twice about approving DeVos...lots of teachers in Indiana...with lots of votes
but you have to protect public schools too. NO on DEVOS!!!!!
This is where the rubber meets the road, Vote NO to Betsy Devos or you will never get my vote again.
my daughter deserves the educ we believe is best, right now we're denied
. Put her in private school.
Todd - just watching trump and Betsy talk about charter schools and was wondering when's your next townhall?
I'm grateful that voters will have choice, too. Have you researched the success of ALL choice IN schools?
got almost $50K from the DeVos family and is pushing their foundation on Twitter. But no need to recuse himself from any votes
Making an unqualified person Sec. of Ed HURTS Indiana's children. Vote NO to DeVos!
Betsy DeVos's father founded Amway, which was the #5 large donor to your campaign, giving $37,500. This seems like a conflict.
As my VM stated - please vote no on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. She is NOT in the best interest of IN.
DeVos is NOT good pick!!

Start over. Her views are skewed lacks any real education experience. #NODEVOS!
you do great work!!! @BetsyDeVos will destroy our education system!
your vote for DeVos shows you don't care about Indiana public education.  You went against your constituents
you must vote NO on Betsy DeVos! Listen to your constituents!
Not all families have the capabilities/resources for "school choice." School choice only true choice for few
Use public $ to strengthen public schools.  Oppose Betsy Devos!  She is not qualified!
no you're not. Your vote for Sec of Ed says you want to put Hoosiers in a bad place.
you sold out education
you don't care about children. You proved that today. Shame on you.
you were paid THOUSANDS by #BetsyDeVos and you turned your back on #Hoosiers you represent #votenoorgo
So approving and saying aye to Betsy Devos who is not qualified for sec. of education helps us Hoosiers how?
You have proven that you care nothing of our children's education by voting in favor of DeVos-Disgusting
but not at the expense of Indiana and US public schools! Devos thinks those are a "dead end" Please vote against confirmation!
As someone who has worked in both private and public Indiana schools, #BetsyDeVos is not the right choice.
Vote no on Betsy DeVoss!  She is woefully unqualified.  Please protect and strengthen our public schools!
why are you promoting religious over public schools?  ALL our students need to have the best education!
then vote NO on DeVos.
no you are not. Teachers oppose new pick for education for a reason! Think about others for once.
Vote no for DeVos.  We have vouchers here already.  Need public school support from DC.
If you care about Hoosier kids, then vote NO on DeVoss.
as a teachers wife, vote No for DeVos! No experience, & no idea what its about. Be brave vote your mind-, not party lines.
Improve ALL neighborhood schools. Think of the rural children.  No to DeVos.
Choice= a thinly disguised substitute for "Privatization". Good public schools should be your highest priority #sayno2Devos
Indiana says NO to DeVos! Listen to your constituents!
This is an ad for a DeVos Foundation project - recuse yourself, Senator Young.
vote No! Do not confirm Pres. Trump's nominee.  

The Trump War on Public Schools, via @nytimes
Perhaps school choice is god.  But certainly Senator Young can help our nation find a better Sec. of Educ.
vote NO on Betsy DeVos as the majority of your fellow Hoosiers are asking!!!
Save public ed in http://IN.How  will rural area students travel to schools 30 mi away with vouchers
I'm very pro #charterschools, but Ms. DeVos is woefully unqualified.
No relevant admin or teaching experience
Please ignore the $26,000 in @BetsyDeVos bribes & do what is best 4 ALL America's youth.  #NotMySOE #NotDevos
Sir: DeVos has never been in public schools.Experience should be a pre-requisite for the job.Please save the children.VoteNo
Choice is good; Betsy DeVos is NOT good. Vote No.
say no to Betsy devos. She is not what Indiana needs to drive our education.
Why aren't you recusing yourself from DeVos vote when you accepted $48,000 from her and her family? #conflictofinterest
You are NOT listening to your constituents in Indiana, Senator! Vote no to #DeVos. At the very least recuse yourself, sir.
How much did Devos pay for your support???  #StopDevos
I've worked my ass off ,paid my support, ,NEVER could I ever afford private school. Entitlement plain simple
DeVos is grossly unqualified. She doesn't understand Fed law and is only  nominated bc of huge GOP donations.
only about 40% of IN counties have a charter or voucher school, but you represent all Hoosiers
school choice means schools select students, not the other way. 90% of IN students attend trad. Public schs
Since you're so committed to Hoosier students, you'll be voting #NoBetsyDeVos right?
no you're not.
what about opportunities for disabled kids to LIVE? Can't educate them if they're dying. Please listen! #coveragematters
Thank you for supporting Indiana families to have a choice in their children's education! Vote Devos!
What about fighting for opportunities for ALL children to be in the best position to succeed by improving public education?
Charter Schools give greedy opportunists to literally steal funds from students and teachers. Follow the $$$
Vote no on DeVos. Not good for public education!
#DumpDevos she is not qualified to be in charge of education.
I understand the partisan conflict, but as an IN resident I ask you please vote against Betsey Devos' confirmation.
Private education is not possible for everyone, and she has no interest in fixing or supporting public schools.
A vote for DeVos is a slap in the face of your constituents and showing us that partisan lines are your higher priority.
PUBLIC tax $$ should #SupportPublicEd not private pocket books
Fight for all students by adequately funding public education! #NOcharters #NOvouchers NO @BetsyDeVos
Indiana public schools are not for sale. Don't you dare let someone like Devos gut them like a fish.
you represent me, vote NO on DeVoss!
#youworkforus #resist #nospin
Ditto! She is not qualified.
Support all Indiana students before they leave the state for better schools and jobs
Then support public schools for all children.  Betsy Devos is not qualified, not knowledgeable, and corrupt.
She's completely unqualified, no educational background.  Would you hire her as an educator for your child?
School Choice is wonderful! Betsy Devos is not.
You can't do that by supporting Betsy DeVos!  Her plan has destroyed schools in Detroit. (Also, stop taking $ from her.)
Vote No Devos!  Support public schools not charters giving corporate welfare to the rich, failing to meet standards & so needs
Charter Schools are not the answer. Support public education for all. #anovotefordevos
don't abandon Hoosier public schools. #DeVosnotqualufied #noDevos
school choice is not a panacea to public school
Please  do not approve BETSY DEVOS!   She is unqualified and not what my 3 children need!!
Thank you Senator!
Amori, no matter what they say, there is no reason to believe in #Transubstantiation #alternativefacts
you could just fund schools to make them all great for all students. #butthenyouwouldntgetkickbacks
Of course you are- Betsy DeVos contributed $48k to your campaign. #draintheswamp #noDevos
then help make public schools better with our $. No to @BetsyDeVos !
there is an overwhelming voice in Indiana against Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary. #dorightbyHoosiers
No you're not. You are voting against roughly 83% of our public school students.
By voting no on @BetsyDeVos , right?
The best thing you can do to fight for Indiana children is to vote NO to Betsy DeVos. Wrong choice for Hoosier kids!
I am an Indiana science teacher. I haven't got any lab equipment since 2008. We don't have enough money.
where will the money to pay the for profits come from?  Did we decide profits are more important?
.@SenToddYoung @SchoolChoiceNow Does that include voting no on @BetsyDeVos who is not qualified to be Sec. of Ed.?
We deserve the best qualified person for the job, not the expedient candidate.
#No2DeVos don't devalue the education of our students.
Don't support DeVos
Only holding a Bachelor's degree, DeVos is not even qualified to be a school principal in Indiana. Why let her lead Ed?
I'd rather see my IN tax $ go into our existing schools, teachers and resources.

as a IN tax payer,I prefer more focus on public schools & keeping my $ in those schools. & keep charters out of good districts
