Hiding still I see.  Contemplating how to harm Hoosiers and pad your wallet?
Gosh, it's a shame there isn't a major vote NEXT WEEK that could potentially harm 1000s of Hoosiers that you're just NOT TALKING ABOUT.
The Graham-Cassidy bill is ill-considered, dangerously partisan, and harmful to the people of our state, sir, and you need to vote NO.
But what are you doing about helping Hoosiers?
Bipartisan healthcare reform & bipartisan tax reform is the only way to get it done. Work together. Stop counting on only GOP votes #ACA

I wish I wasn't assuming you would vote for this bill no matter what it does to hoosiers. But I fear I'm correct. You and VP. MINDLESS
We need to talk about your position on healthcare first!  Still undecided?  How about you fess up on that before we move on  #SaveACA
It is time for you to stand up against the Graham/Cassidy heath care bill. This bill does not protect us with pre-existing conditions.
I have to rely on senators of other states to give a shit about our well being. Disappointing.
Laugh...  You're all about the military machine and doing favours for your masters
It's hard to tax dead people. Take away our health care and we will be. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.
Great why don’t you get out of the limo and answer some questions.  Coward.
You are part of this craziness.  Do you listen to @POTUS at all?
You mean you're glad Repub "tax reform" plan will simplify the flow of even more money to the wealthy.

The Democratic Save My Care PAC is out with a new ad targeting Republican senators wavering on Graham-Cassidy. 
U.S. citizens are suffering in Puerto Rico, which Trump is ignoring.  Please start governing.  Do you job.
We'll never forgive you for thinking it's okay to help kill those who depend on the ACA to keep them alive.  You're evil, both of you.
Are you going to do the right thing and vote "no" on Graham/Cassidy?
You mean a personal tax break for yourself?
Hey, Todd, Look here.  If Ted Cruz can just say no, then you can too!
https://twitter.com/yashar/status/911983177333444608 …
#GrahamCassidy
Breaking: Senator Ted Cruz has just announced, in a speech in Austin, TX, that he's NOT supporting Graham-Cassidy.
It doesn’t make any sense to promote Tax Cuts without any details Americans have no trust in politicians
Time for you to move on Mr Young. I actually voted for you. WOW a DEM disguised as Rep
Simplify tax code benefits the rich and corporations, the 1%. You stand for everything Trump. Embarrassing
Obstruction of justice--Pence participated in drafting letter in Oval Office to fire Comey over investigation:
It's only a matter of time before Mueller lines them all up for impeachment. Hopefully before a war with North Korea #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Honey what did you do today? Oh, I dragged a blind guy down a hallway, because I was following orders...You own this fellas.
Do the right thing. VOTE NO
If you turn The US into Kansas, will you consider it an economic success? Funnel all the money upstream?
What are you doing about Puerto Rico? They have no power, and are a US colony. Also, please don't take away healthcare from millions of ppl
How can we know if it’s beneficial to us? The only thing I heard was removing deductions.
Sir, please use your influence in the Senate to set aside Graham-Cassidy in favor of a bi-partisan health care bill. Thank you.
GOP donors are withholding contributions to GOP campaigns until tax reform & healthcare are passed, why? Because they are the beneficiaries
Is this acceptable to you? Cutting healthcare funding in Indiana? Will you still vote YES?
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill. 32 million uninsured. How many from IN?

Please vote no for Graham-Cassidy. You aren't telling us what you are going to do and you are in Washington to serve us.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Bill. Think about your constituents and what it'll do to them. Put the country 1st for once like u did in marines
Flat Tax and repeal Obama care would be the most fair way to help tax payers of Indiana. Help the truly needy.
Reforming hope for middle class when Corp gets tax cuts doesn't mean they will pay more or hire more just more profits for wealthy
Vote no on the Graham - Cassidy bill!!!
So, take away healthcare from Hoosiers? Vote no on the ridiculous bill , be a maverick for indiana!
Please listen to your constituents!!!! Vote no on Graham-Cassidy, and don't lower taxes for the rich. Trickle down economics don't work!
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/911095285627052033 …
How will you vote on Graham Cassidy bill?  I am a Hoosier from Evansville.
Bless all my fellow Hoosier's heart, Young would jump over all of ours and our children's dead bodies to kiss the Koch brothers ring.
Please represent your constituents for once and vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Please tell me they don't have a fighting chance to pass GrahamCassidy. Shoring up and agreeing on much needed reforms is the way to go.
No tax cuts for the wealthy until we se e 45's returns!!

Don't call it tax reform it's a massive tax cut for the wealthy and corporations funded by a equally massive cut to H C
C'mon Todd, stand with @SenJohnMcCain and kill this horrible #GrahamCassidy bill
Please take a lesson from John McCain.
And just mindlessly opposed anything that challenges your establishment stature?
The VP should stay in DC and wait for his indictment for conspiracy to commit obstruction
I am a cancer survivor now battling COPD and autoimmune disease. We have good insurance and this bill could take it away. Please vote no!
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. 32m lives are at sake. You do care, don't you?
just another way of saying we have to give HUGE tax breaks to the top 1% because they fill our election coffers with money! We know the LIE!
Mike Pence lied "1st I've heard" on televised interview--many weeks after being directly informed re traitor Flynn

^^ Public info. Treason
Please vote no on Graham - Cassidy!! Save lives! Feel virtuous!!
GOP--#GoldBullionTaxBreaks + #PoliteHate + #TrumpRussia ***treason***

Whatever it takes to seize/control power

#Democracy is dead here
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy! You're selling out your constituents otherwise. Millions of us are DIRECTLY AFFECTED by this repeal. We see you.
Will the wealthy share the burden ?
Todd Young this weekend thinking about how many poor people will die without healthcare.
Kicking millions off health care to give the rich a tax cut
Don't change the subject @SenToddYoung. Stop being a Koch Bros tool and listen to our Medicaid director: oppose Graham-Cassidy.
Tax code?  EVERYONE on Twitter is asking you about healthcare.  Is this a true statement? http://newharmonywatch.com/senator-todd-young-vs-hoosier-medicaid/ …
Please don’t vote for new health care bill.
By simplify you, of course, mean deliver a huge tax cut to the rich, while taking healthcare away from the needy
Why simplify?  Flat taxes are harder on poor and middle class people, and provide more opportunities for hiding income for rich people.
I come from a middle class family. We have been blue collar workers who work very hard and make less than $100k and we vote. Remember that!
Show your compassion & empathy!!!Vote NO on the 'Healthcare' bill! It's NOT about caring for the health of Hoosiers! We will remember this!!
How r you going to vote on G-C @SenToddYoung You going to vote morally right? Or vote to throw millions under the bus for your Party?
I'd like your thoughts on this. It's important. https://twitter.com/nwlc/status/911248172579778560 …
Reform & Simplify
VOTE NO on "Healthcare " Cassidy-Graham plan. Otherwise, expect Lots of no votes at your re-election! It's not about CARE, but your DONERS.
All they have todo to pass anything is give the people what they promised not a bunch of crap like the healthcare bill
Hoosiers want to tax the rich, trickle down Reagan economics do not work. Universal healthcare for all, legalize marijuana.  #PenceMustGo
You need to raise taxes on the rich and provide affordable healthcare to everyone
Please tell us your position on the upcoming healthcare bill vote.  Why are you hiding?
. . .to benefit the rich and elite like @ToddRokita
"Tax Reform" means tax cuts for Koch Bros and their donor network. The bullshit never ends!
http://www.indems.org/congressman-todd-young-r-koch-brothers/ …
How about you help kill Graham-Cassidy today by announcing you're a NO vote, then we work on a bi-partisan tax bill.
Todd will vote yes because he only cares about himself.  He’s a GOP whore.
I know, but one can only keep the pressure on him and make my voice heard.  Hopefully he'll see the light.
We need you to help save our healthcare and stop Graham-Cassidy. You said you wanted bipartisan efforts, this is not that. Vote NO!
Tell Todd how you really feel!
I always do in my daily calls to his office!
Have you been given an answer.  I have been told undecided. I found a post from someone that said his staff said he would vote yes.
Oh, and pass this on.  Maybe these people will listen when Todd Young won't.
This is it! Senate Finance Committee needs to hear from you before Monday’s #GrahamCassidy hearing. Email gchcomments@finance.senate.gov
Yuck.  Go away Pence and take Todd Young with you.
I assume this means you'll be voting no on graham-Cassidy. Good.
If by tax reform you mean huge tax cuts for your rich donors paid for by 36M people losing their insurance. Shame on you and the GOP!
Why are you trying to get rid of the middle class mortgage deduction in order to cut taxes for billionaires?
I can't wait until you two are both done making our state worse.
