The ribbon is cut on the new @Healthcare_ABC facility in Whitestown. We're thrilled this global, Fortune 11 company chose to locate here. 
Please do not vote to appeal ACA today. So many depend on it. I'm an MD. This is disheartening.
Glad other Senator in your state did not vote as you did.
Can you please tell us what you plan to do about CSRs? Do you know how vital this is. Aug premiums will increase 2x in sep if you don't act!
Murderer.  Your vote will not be forgotten.  Karma.  
Almost every one of the people responding to you on this issue has urged you to vote no. Are you listening?
Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please vote no on today's motion to proceed.
So proud that you care more for your donors than the people of Indiana, vote no.
Listen to us, your constituents, the ones you "proudly serve," & vote NO on repealing the ACA.
He is VOTING YES just confirmed.  He is a shameful #hoosier #coward. They don't even know what bill he is voting yes on yet. #disgusting
How many Hoosiers relying upon HIP 2.0, no lifetime caps or with preexisting conditions did you fail today, Senator?
shame
How can you vote yes than looks Hoosiers straight in the eye.
I will likely die and leave an orphaned autistic son behind if repeal passes. If you call yourself a Christian, how can you support this?
Vote NO re MTP----all citizens need decent healthcare
Is this why you vote yes for health care bill you have not even read? Is this why you vote along party/donor lines without regard to voters?
How can a bill with such low support even be up for a vote. Something doesn't quite add up!
You don't give a damn about Hoosiers and fellow veterans who will suffer because of your disgusting vote to repeal the ACA.
http://www.toddyoung.org/healthcare 
What's the plan? The above contains generalizations and talking points.
Whitestone is FUCKED if you support this monster MTP
If u repeal the ACA, how many facilities will be able to stay open?  How many jobs will be lost?  How many ppl will u be a part of killing?
I am appalled that you represent me.  Shame! Shame!
You owe nothing to potus. You are in place to serve your constituents. VOTE NO ON NO CARE
You say you "proudly serve Hoosiers" PROVE IT! Vote NO!
You voted yes today. Shame.
Vote NO to today's health care vote! Hoosiers are watching and we will not forget who you are really supporting. People over party!
Please show compassion and vote no
Sure glad you support those Fortune 11 companies, what about the majority of your Indiana constituents?
VOTE NO

Religious leaders have a message for Republicans who are still trying to take health care away from millions of people. 
#HeroNEEDEDNOW U R safe til 2022.#SaveOurRuralHospitals #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut

Dems got CBO to estimate impact of GOP “skinny repeal” bill.

One takeaway: Uninsured would go from 26M next…
What good will this do when nobody but rich has healthcare anymore?
Healthcare facilities mean nothing if no one can afford medical care!  Show that you care about Hoosiers by your votes!
PLEASE fix the ACA. Save our new rights, negotiate lower costs & cover more people!  Please protect Hoosier families.Don’t take us backward!
Or as a Senator from Indiana, you would choose continued medicaid coverage for children, disabled, elderly and vets over loyalty to 45.
I'll be watching your vote on Healthcare Reform today. Vote for a better bill to come forward,  not repeal.
This is result of aging pop and expansion of healthcare coverage.  So why trash ACA now?   Amend it, don't end it.
The proposed healthcare bill is not what voters want. Vote No. Do better for Indiana @SenDonnelly @SenateGOP #VoteNoForHealthcareBill
No on procedural vote. No on repeal. Hoosiers would embrace a repair/improvement, but some won't survive a repeal. Find a way.
Vote NO on TrumpDontCare!!   Hoosiers demand it!  Vote NO.
Please vote no on the procedural vote and then get to work on a bipartisan health care plan the actual works for Hoosiers.

Repealing the ACA could have a negative impact on their bottom line and the bottom lines of millions of families. Many are vets like you.
@SenDonnelly  Hoosiers thank Sen Donnelly for standing up for Hoosiers healthcare. Wish both Senators did.
A business that gets taxpayer assistance should be available to all. Vote NO on repeal
@gop Vote NO. Repeal is not healthcare.
GOP - all about the money. 
They don't care who lives and dies.
Protect Hoosiers, reject the health care bill!

59% of Americans actually *prefer* leaving "Obamacare" in place over its outright repeal, @realDonaldTrump http://time.com/4865579/health-care-bill-changes-poll/ …
As a former US Marine, one would think that you would choose country over party.
4/ and expose poor people to unlimited  medical  costs. What a terrific bunch of soul-less guys we have in the Senate.

It's insane that Senate Republicans are secretly trying to pass Trumpcare. 

Just look at who they're up against ➝ 
3/collapse, make it  harder for people with pre-existing conditions to get  and keep health coverage,
2/ vastly  increase the number of Americans without health coverage,  jumble the  health insurance market in ways that could cause it to
1/ So, to recap: Sen Repubs  are moving forward with legislation that would gut Medicaid

.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
Did they explain to you it will not be able to stay open if you cut Medicaid and Medicare and the ACA
So disappointed in you @SenToddYoung

You still going to vote for Trumpcare even if you haven't read the bill? Sad times how you choose party over people.
Voting yes on MTP, how much did Mitch pay you
How will anyone be able to afford staying there? Oh, right. Need a dr? Go to ER.
And hopefully they told you NOT to support this upcoming unethical Trumpcare bill.
Speaking of healthcare--how about that town hall meeting to discuss the disaster proposed in the Senate? I'll see you there Todd!
Yet you are on board with this?
CBO: Obamacare repeal bill would raise number of uninsured by 27 million by 2020 - CNBC https://apple.news/A5aEBMs0UTuSEX9EWrzyCyg …
Vote no on the MTP. Be a hero, do the right thing, and stand up for your constituents. You're a Marine, are you afraid of mean Trump tweets?
Thank you for attending, Senator. We were honored to have you here in Whitestown.
