In light of recent events I hope you all have a new plan. We need 2 know how deep this goes 4 our own safety! #WeDemandAnswers
Russia want to pay you stacks of cash to reconsider your position they know you are into pay for play is 48.6k good?
More evidence of Russia in the WH. Aren't you concerned this goes all the way to Trump? How much will you demand to know?
can you name the nuclear triad? @realDonaldTrump and WH were aware of Flynn for over a month. Hooray for S. Yates!
We need a full independent investigation on Flynn/Russia and WH. ASAP
*strongly worded letter*
*votes for every cabinet member*
He does not care. All he wanted was the job. Cares less about the  people. Hes not listening we will. Sad
Just remember every sack of shit cabinet member, every dead 8 year old girl is on the GOP's shoulders @SenToddYoung included.
They are allowing, supporting and enabling a racist, misogynistic regime and I'm not going to let them forget it.
you need to start thinking of removing POTUS, VPOTUS, and Flynn.
oh, and you should resign.
Thank you, Senator Young. This is a vital concern for Americans of Estonian, Latvian, and Lithuanian heritage.
Town Hall Senator!
When is your next town hall meeting? Do you support a bipartisan investigation into the Russian hacking?
And what is our policy related to his dealing with Russia? Look at his financials yet? you saw Obama's why not DTs?
Appreciate the sentiments but now we need a bipartisan investigation of contact with Russia, including business and taxes!
I urge you to investigate the trump/Russian connection !
Good start. Now investigate ties to make sure we are not compromised.
We need a thorough bipartisan investigation into the Trump admin's ties with Russia.  Leave no stone unturned. #flynn
Since 45's ties to Russia are becoming more clear, what are you going to do about it?  Bi-partisan investigations.
Why don't you and your colleagues urge him to release his tax returns.Then we could find out just how close he and Putin are!
You need to investigate his ties to Russia. We need to see his tax returns and financial records NOW
thank you. Please don't stop there take the next step and investigate Michael Flynn! #investigateflynn
When Trump lifts sanctions for his pal Putin, then will @SenateGOP finally realize this Prez is a traitor?
Todd, did you find your backbone?  Can not wait til your first Town Hall meeting- Since you turned off your phone/fax!
Why hasnt local media covered this Senators lack of respect for constituents.
sounds good. Don't stop there.
How about protecting migrants!  They are more vulnerable and it's important we open our borders.
yo lay off bro, I love their vodka.  And i don't want them calling my real estate loans
Demand an investigation into Flynn, Pence and Trump what did they know when did they know it
hahaha...where do you stand on an independent investigation of the WH this morning rookie suck-up?
Do you have any comments on Flynn resignation? Will you press for investigation in ties to Russia?
how about answering your constituents. SAD.  Joe Donnaly does @SenDonnelly
We're monitoring your actions as well as your words. It's time for investigation into Flynn & Russian/Trump campaign alliance @SenToddYoung
Thanks. This Hoosier agrees
$48,600 - the cost to buy a vote from Todd Young. So much for working on behalf of the people.
Thank you! We need to get to the bottom of this worrisome connection with Russia!
nice to see you pretending to do anything. How about actually standing up for America and her values? #dumptrump
Thank you.  Please insist on investigation of Russian influence during election.  This is a non-partisan matter!
thank you for your service to our country and now our state!! Glad we voted you in!
And answer for oh-so-much-more. Your constituents demand to be heard.
Kelly Anne Conway broke the law. Do your job and rebuke her TODAY
demand it
Does Trump's call with Russia today concern you? Shouldn't the president know policy?
Lets hope he doesn't give it to one of his appointees you voted for who is personal friends with Putin.
@indystar we the people demand you hold a town hall
how much did you get for that? More or less than  $48,000.00??
Investigate this corrupt president! #doyourjob #resist
yeah, good luck with that..
start with finding out how Russia owns him. Demands his taxes.
thanks for this Todd Young.
Good letter. Just wish you had stood up to trump against DeVos. Your confirmation vote was shameful #Russia #DeVos
Stop kissing Trump's ass.
too bad you didn't stand up for us with DeVos
thank you for being a part of this. Someone will have to read the letter to @POTUS however, and tell him what it means.
Yea too bad you were asleep behind the wheel for Devos and Sessions...#unhappyinIndiana
Too late. Old news. Attention span challenged @POTUS has moved on to more important issues like dissing judges and Nordstrom.
.@SenToddYoung Funny you mention colleagues. I've been talking to mine in re: comments about teachers voting. We'll come back to this later.
Thank you.  Now about that NWI town hall meeting.  Set a date yet?
Grest now how about standing up to him against Tom Price and also being more transparent with your constituents
When are you going to investigate Russia's interference with the election?
wow a stern letter.  How about voting against some of his nominations?? #Cowards
Thank you. Now, will you please answer your constituents' other concerns?
- @SenToddYoung - what do you consider tough-minded?
thank you. Now please listen to your constituents on other issues
, I am trying not to be skeptical. As a teacher of English Language Learners with families in Ukraine, I like that part
Thank you. Winter is Coming s/b required reading for congress and all Americans. Access to oil will only empower.
Did you ever imagine having to stand up to a president because of suspected ties to Russia? How much will you demand to know?
Yes. Maintain sanctions, demand Trump release taxes, investigate Trump/Russia business ties and potential blackmail. Please.
Good luck with that. Russia won him the election. Spend some time investigating that.
Good now demand his tax returns to ensure there is no conflicts of interest.
how about checking the Russian-trump campaign? There's something there. He can't bash our allies and then praise Russia
war lies within ,fuk soros get him,hang him
An urging letter- when you have actual legislation as an option? Seems pretty mild.
fuk that we went to war with russia as allies chump
they think they know it all, over this senate..vote them out
45’s in Putin’s pocket, Todd.  Good luck with that.
