reading all these replies. Looks like Roe v. Wade repeal isn't top priority. I vote and will be emailing you. #keepACA
Call Young instead. Harder to ignore than an email.
Can't call him; @SenToddYoung no longer answers calls or takes faxes.
If we can no longer participate in our own government, what are we? #NotADemocracy
Guess we pull an @POTUS and shame him on Twitter.  Lookin' at you, @SenToddYoung
please consider the needs and rights of citizens from birth to death as well as those of the unborn.
affordable and comprehensive birth control lowers abortion rates.
He's really just anti-abortion. ProLife means keep ACA, women's health as priority & quality ed&security for children
But screw the refugees?  And screw your constituents trying to get ahold of you?
A #MarchforLife means praying for #healthcare, #equalrights, and stopping #climatechange. These are important to life, right?
Choosing life and supporting adoption is admirable but then you throw the kids under the bus with DeVos.
That $48,600 she gave you helped ease your conscience, though, didn't it?
Adoption is not a cure-all. Reproductive health care is a civil right and when you deny it, you endanger women. Many will die.
if you care about life and our children, vote no on DeVos!!!!
Don't defund Planned Parenthood. Their services reduce abortion rate by providing health services to women. Look at the stats!
what about all the children that are already born Jesus knows your hatred! You are NO CHRISTIAN!
.@SenToddYoung C'mon, lets cut thru the BS. It's pro-birth. You people have no intentions of helping w/the care of a child once it's born.
you should care about all life, please oppose trump's ban.
As a voting constituent, I emphatically say that if you cannot support pro-life legislation, you will not have my vote.
Will u pray for children & women who r victims of domestic violence, ppl dying due to hunger?  Face it u r ProBirth @INDems
This is all your are worried about with all the chaos Trump is causing...WAKE UP you work for ALL OF US
big man you are deciding what woman should do.  Maybe stick to real issues like your cowardly vote for unqualified people!
remember, you represent ALL Hoosiers, and there were quite a few of us at the women's march, acknowledge
where is your concern for the fetus' once they are actual people you faux life creep?
This is not pro-life, it is anti Planned Parenthood. Abortion rate goes up when women are denied contraception and IUDs.
.@SenToddYoung many of your constituents are pro choice. That doesn't mean we are pro-abortion. It means it is a personal, private choice!
You are suppose to represent the majority, not the crooked GOP cult agenda, Taking away women's rights is WRONG!
I am old enough to remember orphanages not a good time in history!
please remember the separation of church and state your religious views are not mine
How about pray and provide health insurance for the children of Indiana and the whole country......#takecareonesalreadyhere
You're a sensible leader. Why this position? GOP has legit stances on vets rights, wasteful spending, Ed. Focus attn there.
If he did for all life, he would support a living wage & universal health care. #prolife is not just for fetuses.
women's bodies women's choice. Women's bodies women's choice. Women's bodies women's choice. Grow a uterus than we will talk.
THANK YOU for supporting our voiceless ones
in your district how many children are waiting for services as their families cannot care for them, please look that up.
abortion rates are at their lowest due to Planned Parenthood and affordable care act. Please do your research
What about the refugee families who are making a better life for their children by taking them away from war?
Maybe pray for refugees while you're at it. Jesus, Mary and Joseph were refugees in Egypt, pro-immigration is pro-life
As a Hoosier I'm disgusted you would write about being pro-life as you support a ban of refugee families #adoptedcountrymen
Please stand for life for the refugees who are now restricted from entering the US
What about refugee children now being turned away from U.S.? Or is it only in-utero American life you care about? #NoBanNoWall
I am an Indiana voter and a Christian. We need to help ALL lives, refugees most of all. Will you speak out against #muslimban?
If you want fewer abortions, fund comprehensive sex ed and provide access to contraception. Much cheaper and more effective.
Does your pro-life stance apply to Syrian refugees?
how about caring about life after birth?
In the spirit of protecting ALL life, pls consider immigrants & refugees. Pls oppose #MuslimBan-It is making us all less safe!
Time to stand up for the American people and get on the right of history. Say something! #NoBanNoWall #resist
Stand up to Trump!
Unsurprisingly, you are conveniently silent on the existing people fleeing LIFE endangerment being barred from our country.

But no concern for those already born.
.@SenToddYoung If you care so much about "life," why don't you do something about the lives of refugees and immigrants? #Muslimban
Tell us where you stand on the #muslimban. You cannot stay silent. We are waiting & watching. And WE VOTE.
What about the lives of those escaping horrors? 'Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free'
make sure that you vote AGAINST @BetsyDeVos for Sec of Ed!!!! U care about life, focus on the quality as well!
Not all children/families/lives. Silence on Exec Order/ Muslim ban = complicity #Resistance #NoBanNoWall #HistoryRepeats
you care more for the unborn than the living. you just cut off CHIP, no insurance for kids now they're relegated to the ER
Stand up and say something. Being quiet is giving approval. The next act of terror is your fault. #muslimban
What are you doing to protect the innocent refugees' lives? Hoosiers reject the unAmerican ban on immigrants.
If you were really #prolife you would make a statement denouncing the hateful refugee policy. Your silence is shameful!
Please extend your pro-life stance to include refugees and immigrants, and all life after birth.
what about children & families turning to the US for sanctuary? Will you stand with @SenDonnelly against the immigration ban?
if all lives matter to you so much and especially children and babies maybe you would rethink a vote for an UNQUALIFIED Devos
#StopPresidentBannon I know you have shown to have zero political courage but now is the time to change that. #nospine #resist
: You can't have it both ways. If you #MarchForLife, you can't be silent. #NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome #ACA
we Hoosiers WILL hold you accountable!
as group of ppl marched many existing lives were put back in peril by being banned! Your job is going 2B short lived #resist
will you show your support for all children's lives by condemning Muslim Ban EO? #NotOurValues #DefendUSDemocracy
what about all of the refugees?  Do their lives not matter?
what about those refugee children that US policy will now condemn to the risk of death?
Wow...nothing to say about the amateur show of DJT & his advisors w/their poorly thought out Muslim ban. Just wow!
Poorly thought out in this case is better than stupidly let in. Ciao Uno Animo
Let's just all agree to keep DT informed w/intel briefs like Bush was!Know he hates 2 read, so try interpretive dance
What about those ALREADY born who are now being detained or refused admittance back in our country? #nomuslimban
As you show your concern for the unborn, expend it to the born. #NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome
I am pro choice, u are pro birth, anti choice, not pro life.
Do you oppose the death penalty in the March for Life? Or are you selective in which lives are saved through public policy?
you represent me and i demand you denounce the #MuslimBan as unAmerican and inhumane. #resist #nospine
.@SenToddYoung what about the people already born fleeing the war torn regions of the world? When will you denounce the #MuslimBan?
March for the lives of Muslim children.
You are a vet. Is this the kind of America you fought? Want to represent?  Grow some balls. Stand up to Trump AND Pence!
... of us to be like that too. I called you office and got a canned response. We will be calling and monitoring you. /3
... It's only been a week and look at the carnage.  He is bitter, spiteful, racist, and insecure. Now he wants the rest /2
I am ashamed that you are my senator.  You let Trump run amok while he uses you, WILLINGLY, to pander to the worst in us. /1
you aren't pro-life, you are pro-fetus and if you are a Christian, than I will happily wait for St. Peter to turn you away.
what about refugee children? Children of people who have gone through 2+ years of vetting now detained at airports??
I hope you also pray refugees that just had doors slammed in their face.
Let us celebrate life by supporting our Muslim brothers and sisters.
Care for the living as much as the unborn.  Hypocrite.
what will you do, senator, about the ban on Refugees and the discrimination based on religion???????
Life begins at conception and ends at birth? Why aren't you speaking out on the #MuslimBan? #MuslimBanprotest
Dont stand by silently while this administration buries American ideals in xenophobia. The state country and world is watching
Your silence on the #MuslimBan is unacceptable. #ToddYoung supports #Islamophobia #RefugeeBan is NOT #ProLife This is #carnage
#AllLivesMatter
All lives matter, including the lives of Syrians fleeing war. No more US disgraces! @Stl_Manifest
how about the right of women who don't want to carry the child of a man who raped her?
Since Betsy DeVos gave you so much $$$, are you going to abstain from voting on her confirmation? >$5M to GOP in last 5 years
Please also protect these innocent lives and allow refugees into America.
.@SenToddYoung If you don't like abortion, don't have one! Stop imposing your distorted views on a woman's right to choose.Govt no business.
#IStandWithPP  Myself and 500,000 others who marched in DC last Saturday!
You're not paid to pray.  Recuse yourself from the DeVos vote.
Judging by your policy positions, you are not prolife. You are probirth. Your policies don't support children after birth.
If you call yourself "Pro-Life" but oppose common sense gun measures to prevent mass shooting you're a hypocrite
#MarchForLife
Stay out of my uterus, senator. I'll keep calling your office and holding you accountable.
When did  become a theocracy? Get your religion out of our government! Didn't you learn history? 
#ShariaLaw
.@SenToddYoung If you're "pro-life" why did you vote for #ACARepeal?! I depend on #ACA in IN to treat preexisting condition.
glad to see you are praying for children & parents. Now vote No to Betsy DeVos; she is unqualified to be Educ Secy.
No more lip service! Take action and protect Women's access to reproductive serv.
There is a better way to stop an abortion from happening. Education and access to birth control are key to prevention. 
we pray to continue to choose the right to our healthcare and our ability to choose. Respect the constitution.
you should work to make adoption more available to everyone. Not just rich white people.
if you are willing to foster its very affordable
I stand with PP. Access to healthcare and contraception reduces abortion, not eliminating choices.
Unless you are willing to help those who birth those babies with health care, living wages, etc.  you are a hypocrite.
Be a consistent Christian & not a hypocrite! Do what Jesus would do: Support the safety nets for the poor and downtrodden!
And denying evidence that birth control and women's care lowers abortion rates more than actually banning abortion.
What are you doing to ensure evidence based sex ed and access to contraception to help prevent unwanted pregnancies?
#recuseyourself
pro choice and pro life are not mutually exclusive! Trust citizens enough to make our own healthcare decisions!
Well Said!
What about the already born? What are we going to do to help Syrians & others fleeing violence? #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall
Then you better feed them, provide healthcare and educate them after they are born.
1/Women who are pro-choice also deserve your prayers and respect. They too want to bring children into the world to be...
2/the next artist or astronaut. But sometimes they can't. Without affordable healthcare, they can't. Support ALL Hoosiers.
Keep your theology off my biology! Do what I like , but don't decide 4 me
If you are really #ProLife don't forget to support #Healthcare #maternityleave #education after birth
Thank YOU AND your beautiful family Sen Young. God will bless you for your choice to support LIFE that God gives us all!
Can we expect you to push for better healthcare and paid maternity/paternity leave so families can enjoy the gift of life?
Now pray that you grow a conscience and keep the ACA so the newly born can have healthcare.
I agree with everything your followers have said before me. Please support life after birth. Life is more than the womb.
Do you also pray for those needing welfare programs and those being abused in their foster homes?
While stripping their health care and denying mothers paid maternity leave! #prolife
we are pro life. We are registered republicans. We are YOUR Hoosiers. But my child deserves to have a promise of health care!
we knew before birth she would be very ill. We chose life. YOU are choosing her death! NO caps NO pre-existing cond NO blocks!
what about those you are trying to kill w/ after-birth abortions by not having Heath coverage?  We chose life. Don't kill her.
-- Let's be so pro-life that we include feeding, sheltering, healthcare, and education for all children.
