I will make sure to let everyone in my community know that you don't care about kids with disabilities.
Because you're a useless snake with principles or value.
Gorsuch is the worst. People before party & money. He just got overruled today for extremism
Seems too willing to put corporations befor people. 
You've lost my vote Senator.  Nobody should be nominated by an administration that's under FBI investigation.
He didn't have mine. But I don't always vote straight ticket & looks like he won't sway me to vote 4 him.
Just say your are a GOP Senator, no need to justify your parties awful actions
As your constituent I oppose this confirmation. I know you do not give a rat's ass about what your constituents want tho
boooooooo
I am glad you will vote to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch for the U.S. Supreme Court. I know he will be a good Supreme Court Justice.
.@SenToddYoung @GorsuchFacts Op-ed: because you're a sociopath who hates Hoosiers.
#GorsuchHearing 
#BlockGorsuch 
#StopGorsuch 
#PeopleBeforeCorporations
You will do anything to court favor with the Rep. Party!  How about listening to your constituents?
Well we definitely have a 'yes man' for old 45. Maybe you should be investigated as well.
It's not "Merrick didn't get a vote," @SenToddYoung. It's "you didn't do your job until a guy that matched your ideology was put forward."
The statement was generally directed at the argument against Gorsuch that he was dismissing.
you've lost my vote
Town Hall??
hell no!!!
with Koch brother execs now working in the whitehouse and that money threatening congressman to vote thei way?
You spent time writing this and as of yet not a single word speaking against the lies of our President?   Weak!
@susanwbrooks @indystar History has it's eyes on you R's,it will not be kind.There will be indictments for Trump Russkie ties.
once again putting party over people.  How much were u paid to cast your vote for him?
The Constitution is a living document and not a holy relic. Represent all of us or we’ll vote for someone else who will.
I'd love to see some numbers that say your constituents want this.
Do your job and listen to the people. No one with brains wants this man on our Supreme Court.
I am against you voting to confirm him
shouldn't be confirmed 45 under investigation. He's against women workers and students w disabilities
This hoosier DOES NOT SUPPORT GORSUCH'S confirmation.  You are not representing this voter.
You and I rarely agree on anything and this is no different. DO NOT VOTE TO CONFIRM THIS PRETENDER!
he was nomitated by a president who is under FBI investigation. Just for the record
Just for the record, its "nominated".
it sure is. By the time I realized it was too late :)
Ahhh, forgiven :)
when will you start actually working for the people of Indiana
thank you Senator
For voting to confirm a Christian extremist who sides w corporations over ppl to a stolen SC seat?
ok? And
tl;dr "I don't mind confirming nominees of a Russian puppet. lolamerica"
.@SenToddYoung @GorsuchFacts, so you support a judge who lets a company fire a guy for not wanting to die of hypothermia?
You're a cowardly disgrace to the Marine Corp. The entire GOP is FUBAR and you're part of it.
I don't trust your judgement
good luck in the private sector
I think you are corect on this one.
This fact plus your vote against broadband privacy proves you put corporate interests over people.
Well..Todd. 45s pick is tainted. He is too. U know that but voted party over country. People will remember. Boo!
You are really looking forward to being a one-term senator aren't you? I know I'm not voting to re-elect you, you don't listen to us.
You sent me an email, I didn't subscribe to your list. Are you buying email lists? Also #BlockGorsuch #ImpeachTrump
I was wondering the exact same thing! I get letters in the mail from Sen Donnelly. Only emails from Young.
GOP voted to allow internet providers to sell our browsing history and private info w/out our permission. 
@JustinPSexton @GorsuchFacts Obama is a treasonous dog.
Because there is something in it ($$$) for you?
You're fresh meat but smelling pretty rancid to me, Todd. #hoosier
The fact that the vast majority of feedback here is negative is a warning, Senator
You R a military veteran. There are LGBT people who served their country. Why should you have rights they don't.
Because you are a rubber stamp for that guy & McConnell.
BAD MISTAKE!  The people of southern Indiana do NOT want Gorsuch confirmed he is Illegitimate just like blotus!
And this is why we'll call you One Term Todd.
Why did you vote to allow ISPs to sell my private data?
Thanks for selling my browsing history and my personal info to Comcast. I'll expect my cut in the mail.YET another mistake GOP
I hope you reconsider. He is not the man for the job.
it's not the fault of Gorsuch but the legitimacy of the person who appointed him is in question. This is a problem.
please tell me why you're voting for him?  Your piece doesn't say why except that important people like him
I find it interesting you didn't do this for DeVos. I would still like to hear why you confirmed her.
The only candidate that should be considered is Merrick Garland. The pick was Obama's and Trump only won bc he cheated. SHAME!
Because he donated $48,000 to your campaign.
Great pick should be confirmed unanimously
NO
He's just taking orders. Accept that he is a GOP yes button for the next few years.
because you are a lemming.
You will vote for him because you don't represent the people of Indiana you are a trump puppet. You need to be only one term
Thank you Senator Young!
you're a traitor to your gender. The man said maternity leave was a scam
Did you ask him if about Thompson R2J v Luke P? Did you ask him if he supports autistic people's right to quality education? Bc I've asked u
disappointed but not surprised on your choice, but I am surprised on you taking a stance before your vote. Interesting change
You voted to sell out Americans' privacy & online data today. Not surprising given you support a corrupt, lying White House.
I figured it was his mutton busting experience.  Either way, good pick!
You and Trump don't have the right to fill this stolen seat. Shame on all of you for this historic injustice.
You voted for every Trump nominee, even the ones that lied to your face under oath. How dare you talk about the rule of law.
you left out, because I'm not very bright
Chicken Young won't meet with Hoosier voters, voting for stolen SCOTUS nom, sides with corps not ppl. Disgusting #GOPlies
a traitor 2 ur constituents #draintheswamp
Why I will vote to replace you in 2022. Voting to confirm him is a vote for Russia.
You do not represent honesty or integrity, and you do not represent Hoosier values #GOPlies
You support party over country and your constituents. When are you going to have a meeting with constituents?
vote NO or get voted out
You have 1 senator and 2 representatives I think Donnelly will be gone first
'no matter what happens, you must protect the future of the Supreme Court." Changing your tune from last yr.
you're following party line instead of truly representing your constituents. Your thoughts on treason?
Theft is not a Hoosier value.  This is a stolen seat.
explain how this is a stolen seat
No real comment on Garland not getting a vote.  Sticking to party lines.  You literally make me sick.
and what did rubber stamp Joe do for Obama marching in lock step with the Dems.
of course you will! Corps don't vote tho Todd
if he turns out like Roberts, you own your decision; he seems a little goofy but other GOP are giddy over him-u fall in line
because you put party over country
DO NOT VOTE FOR GORSUCH. he is a corporate vs worker supporter. he is against women's rights.
