but u were in favor of leaving it open for a year....u will not get my vote 4 anything!!!!
in his defense, he was not in the senate until this year, so he had no role in that.
Ok  but i still dont agree with ideology
me neither, & I think he should vote no on Gorsuch. But important to keep facts straight.
well i just sent u a new fact abt his campaign stance
do you have a source for that?
review his campaign when he was ask about it
you're the one making the claim. You should be the one to back that claim up w evidence.
.@SenToddYoung "The calls I’ve received against Judge Gorsuch simply didn’t convince me he wasn’t right for the court" You're not listening!
.@SenToddYoung You're still not convinced? HAVE A TOWN HALL! We will show up and convince you. You represent your party, not Hoosiers. Sad.
you will show up and scream a shout like children I'.m a Hoosier and he represents me
I'm a Hoosier and he's not listening to a lot of us.  Why is he so afraid?
He's listening to the people that voted for him not the vocal few
I also like the implication that he's listening to anyone. Hasn't had a town hall. Listening to no1.
wow I hope you got that out of your system that must hurt having all that built up inside
no pain at all, just want my Senator to listen to his vocal constituents.  #HoldATownHall
I didn't miss it the first time, he's a nominee from a POTUS under FBI investigation for espionage. VOTE NO.
what has that to do with the qualifications of Judge Gorsuch?
and why didn't the GOP vote on Merrick Garland?
the Biden rule a rule made by Sen Joe Biden it was good then it is good now
Lets just say this "YOUNG'S VOTE FOR SALE"
New OpEd idea: Explain how a sitting president currently under FBI investigation should be afforded a vote on a lifetime appt.
- Respectfully (to a fellow Christian),  our President is being falsely accused by the left, aided by the MSM #Selah
If that is true an investigation will clear him. Let's find out the truth before giving him opportunity for a lifetime appt.
- So guilty until proven innocent!? Have a blessed day 
Please do not confirm him while POTUS is being investigated for treason!
As your constituent I request you reconsider and vote NO on Neil Gorsuch's confirmation. He does NOT meet Hoosiers' expectations.
There is NO GOOD reason to vote for him! Mr. YOUNG..WHAT ARE THEY PAYING YOU? You got 48.5k from debos & 28k for our internet privacy.
You are not listening to your constituents. Only the voices in your head #boughtvotes #TownHall
@SenateGOP @indystar Because you care more about taking away rights than taking care of citizens! Coward!
one term and done when you don't represent what your constituents want
omfg Fuck that guy.  Gorsuch is not a good fit for the country
Hint: if something is so imp. it s referred to as THE pill, maybe don't mess with it.  No Gorsuch.  Contraception shouldn't be controversial
Gorsuch is an excellent choice and will make a great Justice!
@SenateGOP @indystar ICYMI we will vote you out!
Why would you start listening to your constituents now? #onetermtodd
remember your campaign promise to work for Hoosiers. You are beholden to us, not your party.
Too far right for Thomas and Alito-reversed 8-0. 8-0!
Listen to your constituents!  There should not even be a vote on this! Gorsuch is bad for America! NO Confirmation!
Gorsuch has failed to give substantive answers to most questions, has not met Hoosiers high standards. #NoGorsuch
Still nothing about #Trumprussia. Priorities?  Jeesh you would think....never mind, thinking isn't part of your MO party man
look how much he got for selling out Hoosiers to the ISP companies. Typical GOP. $$$$
I am an Indiana resident I say NO to Gorsuch! He sides with corporations over people. Do you?
it's fairly obvious he chooses to. To quote #DearLeader: Sad!
Why did i have to go to 3 websites to find out if you're (R) or (D)?  Hiding from your party?  #NoOneSurprised #ConfirmGarland
Get the Countable app...you'll see everything your senators and reps are up to
Tell us why you wouldn't vote on Garland? Like then, let's wait till next @potus in office to vote on @scotus, seems fair #gop
No confirmation until Russia investigation complete. Voting to confirm this man will lose you my vote.
cries for bipartisanship ring hollow when you didn't fight for Garland to have hearing when all same good things true for him
the GOP is fu of hypocrites at the moment. Young is surely one of them.
As a constituent I ask you to vote NO. But of course you do not care what your constituents want because you are a GOP lapdog
For once, pleas listen to your constituents and vote NO!
This is why you'll be a 1-termer. How about holding a Town Hall instead of sending your propaganda email concerning your Hoosier Huddle?
He's too busy finding his next paycheck for the next vote. Only makes stops in tiny red towns who love him.
NO TO GORSUCH
Thank you
.@SenToddYoung Gorsuch didn't pass the Franken absurdity test. Partisanship aside, he made an absurd decision. #NoGorsuch
Why you will be voted out on your next election.
This is why you will be a one-term Senator. You are a puppet who is trying to build political clout you'll never get to cash.
and why I won't vote for you next time around
sell out
NO on Gorsuch. He is a big corporate lackey. But apparently so are you. We'll have your seat thank you
if u were c Incerned about ur constituents u would be asking 4 an independent invest trump&Gorsuch wouldnt be confir
I really wish you would listen to your constituents and not your pocketbook.
@SenateGOP No!
I'm your constituent and no president under investigation for treason should make any lifetime appointments. Vote no!!
@SenateGOP 
Obviously freshman Young has not done his homework on Gorsuch revealing incompetence. Plus the seat was Garland's.
Please stop supporting an administration that is increasingly clearly the puppet of a Russian dictator. #TrumpRussia
didn't Garland meet these "standards" too?  & wasn't he appointed by a sitting president who wasn't under fed investigation?
he is nothing but for the big corporations and the big business people he is not for working people just like you
you vote for him you're a traitor to all who's your people and the Working Class People of the United States
Thank you. Judge Gorsuch is a good judge.
Hope you enjoy your one and only term in the US Senate. You're such a yes man for Ryan & McConnell.
#confirmgorsuch      @SenToddYoung @Merry__Can
@SenateGOP @indystar Good
Just say no.  Do the people's work, not the party's. Stand up for us.
@SenateGOP @indystar unfortunately, a lot of ur fellow members like @chuckschumer will not bc of Garland. Immature Congress.
@SenateGOP I don't care
alternate title: Why I Am A One Term Senator
Duh, because you are a Repugnican! Is any other reason even necessary?
as a Hoosier, I'm disgusted that you would confirm Gorsuch. If you do this you will completely lose my support in the next election.
@SenateGOP @indystar Are you sure it's not just because you hate people and think Corps are more important than citizens?
@SenateGOP @indystar GARLAND!
As one of your constituents, please please do not confirm Gorsuch. He is not fit to serve on the highest court.
You just lost my vote.
you continue to vote as a puppet of trump. He would be a terrible Justice.
@SenateGOP one reason party over country = greed
didn't you accuse Evan Bayh of being a Washington insider, not for Hoosiers , during the campaign? And yet here you are
@SenateGOP @indystar kudos to Todd Young for recognition the genius of Gorsuch
How about impeaching activist judges thwarting POTUS. Just do the whole bunch of them @ once. It'll send a message.
@SenateGOP @indystar bc you're a sheep?
ICYMI: Russia interfered in our election and Trump campaign colluded, so no nominee for this Pres., just #impeach
What happened with Garland simply DOES NOT MATTER and will continue to be ignored. Elections have consequences...remember? Suck it up libs!
#confirmgorsuch
Given the volatility of childish legislators, the only smart thing to do is go nuclear. America, dump the congress.
Not from Indiana but I expect a judge to rule on law not legislate from the bench... #ConfirmGorsuch
@SenateGOP   You better get this through or we are going to be looking at voting some of u out like we already r in House now.
The simple answer is because you don't want the weight of the National Repubs against you. It's not cuz ulike Trump
unfit uneducated for ur posting! What ur resumé look like. Piss&prints at where©™®
@SenateGOP - Thank you Senator Young! 
And election is coming, tell it all. Don't leave this out.
@SenateGOP do the nuclear! We're fed up.
you nothing but a rubber stamp.
great analysis mr senator
Thank you, Senator.
Why not put on hold until the Trump investigations are over. Is this legit?
"We will not let a president have a supreme court pick in his last year."

- The GOP, 2016
because you will blindly follow like the rest of the GOP?
Forget that your boss (not the Country), McConnell and the Senate didn't do their job w/MGarland. Stolen Seat.
, you have proven you do not rep ur constituents. You will never get my vote & I will donate $ to those that run against you.
In your meeting, did you ask him about Thompson R2J v Luke P?
you can reference this tweet as to why I will support your oppononent in 2022. #iResist
You really didn't need to explain this, no one thought otherwise. You DO need to explain other positions. Hold town hall mtg.
sadly this mistake alone will cost you a re-election! You are voting for the GOP party and NOT for the people you represent!
No confirmation until after a full INDEPENDENT  investigation into trump/Russia collusion!!!
good for you, thank you
confirming a clearly fascist political nominee is an  incredible poor decision. We can not support u or the #GOP
You need to do some reading there chief. Gosuch has a stellar record and we are lucky to have such a person WILLING to serve.
thank you and I will vote for you again. Northwest Indiana resident here
you should be calling for an independent investigation into Russia.
how high is this "high expectations"??
I disagree with decision to support Gorsuch 1) DJT campaign under investigation 2) Gorsuch ruling on truck driver. Vote NO!
Irrelevant. He will be confirmed.
you're a follower, that's why you're confirming him. Until the Russia mess is cleared up, he shouldn't be considered.
because you're a Republican robot.  How'd that ACA repeal go for you? #resist
as one of your constituents, I ask that you do NOT confirm Gorusch until a full investigation into the Russia scandal is done.
you mean the investigation that has been going on for months with still NO evidence.
Gorsuch will follow the constitution
Todd, you're nothing but a partisan hack. It was, and always will be, my pleasure to vote against you.
For such WILL follow the constitution
Thank you Senator. Judge Gorsuch is the right man for the job.
Trump shouldn't appoint a lifetime position when he is under investigation. R's waited a year. You can wait a little longer
Not happening.
Is it true that Gorsuch voted 91% w/corporations in pension cases, meaning that 9 out of 10 times he acted against pensioners?
"Yes" vote for judge whose decision denying autistic education was overturned by #SCOTUS 8-0?! UNCONSCIONABLE!
You have my support!
Judge Gorsuch: "If you don't like the way I vote then change the laws!" 
#WhatElseNeedsSaid
#Russiagate is all that matters
this is why I will be voted out of office
Gorsuch is experienced but not mainstream.  #onetermTodd
Because you are a lackey, a rubber stamp. We will remember you next time your re-election comes up. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Todd Young you have been contacted by many of your constituents what do they want you to do?
You do realize that you were voted in by only 33% of eligible Indiana voters...you do not speak for many. Look out next vote.
27 followers makes this statement stupid.
Thank you !
