Then I look forward to your bipartisan work with @SenDonnelly to improve ACA/Obamacare and protect the health of your constituents.
You and your colleagues are also working for Breanna, nursing student & former foster child, receiving lupus treatment bc of HIP 2.0.
Curious how many Hoosiers asked you to vote no for Betsy Devos?  More Hoosiers are asking you to vote no on this repulsive Healthcare bill!
so then you oppose the #AHCA right?
@realDonaldTrump promised insurance for all at lower prices. AHCA isn't that, but Medicare-for-all would be. Now's your chance. Fix the bill
If you mean this you will vote no for the new healthcare bill. Your Hoosiers are depending on you, your nation is depending on you.
hey what's it like to know that you're not getting re-elected?
Have a town hall or maybe we can get your advisor to explain your vote. no worries I'll not vote yes for you since you won't vote no for me
Please vote NO on the AHCA. Please fight for the Common Good! We need you to fight for us.
Little Man, Were you laughing when you posted this wondering who would actually believe your BS?
Senator, I read your piece--do you think your colleagues will? Many didn't read the health care bill they voted on today
If you're "for the common good", you'll be prioritizing the healthcare of middle- and lower-class Americans over tax cuts for the .01%
How much $ does it take to get a 'No' vote for the new healthcare bill?
Then support a bipartisan effort for an independent prosecutor into @realDonaldTrump
Hahahahaha, stop it! Back up your rhetoric with ACTION! Stand up to Trump and demand a special prosecutor and his tax returns!
Right (with great sarcasm and disbelief).  I'll believe this when anything is done with the interest of Americans in mind.  Talk is cheap.
Wouldn't the common good of the American people be a healthier society? Vote no on AHCA
'common good' bywords often used by socialist,liberals, to excuse oppressive policies. better: 'interest of individuals rights of all Amer..
And yet I have no doubt you'll vote Party Line First and try to keep #Trumpcare. Just like @ToddRokita. So much for Hoosier common sense.
Jared Kushner's sister woos China's "golden visa" investors - CBS News.
Says someone who refuses to hold town halls and meet with constituents like a confident leader would.
Then if your concerns are for the American people I trust you will not allow this ridiculous Healthcare Bill to pass. #AHA #Heart strong
.@SenToddYoung If you really believe those words, you'll vote against #AHCA. United opposition from medical field
"A message for my colleagues (that I like to ignore), inspired by Hoosiers."
If you're fighting for people relying on Medicare, then vote no for this healthcare bill that will take nearly $900million from Medicaid.
Interesting that you told your colleagues about Hoosier common sense when you emailed your constituents a newsletter telling us we lack it.
What's the difference between "all Americans" and "the American people"?
Give up your government insurance!#killbill
If you would have held some open town hall meetings..you would know what Indianas values really are! You are a faux-Hoosier!#Hoosiers4ACA
I watched your speech,felt that it was disingenuous at best,so far you have gone against your constituents@every turn! #killbill #supportACA
A marine wouldn't make a wounded comrade leave and join a higher risk pool, would he?
Yeah, that's all fine and good but I hope you fight like a marine to let people keep meaningful health insurance.The house bill is grotesque
If you vote yes for #AHCA what is the point of this quote? It will be used in attack ads against your reelection.
I mean congrats on your maiden speech though, dem or Repub that's still an accomplishment.
If you are SERIOUS in the words you spoke today and tweet now, you need to commit to a NO vote on the #AHCA. We will remember.
You better vote down this abomination of an insurance plan when it gets to you!
Talk is cheap,Healthcare is not.
Blah , blah , blah! Your actions speak louder than words
I call bullshit
I hope the "common good of the American people" includes women, those w/pre-exuating conditions, and the poor" #VoteNoAHCA
Prove it !
What would the "common good" do for children w/ cancer? Allow ins. co to set annual and lifetime maximums that will be met b4 they are 10?
You LIE.
You have made a mockery of your oath to protect the American People.
People will DIE.  And you couldn't care less.
Common good= vote no on Trumpcare
.@SenToddYoung Please show some Hoosier common sense & don't let them take away my health insurance again. I didn't "choose" to have asthma.
as a senator will you vote for a law that exempts you and congress making you all above the law. R republicans above the law?
This bill will break the backs of most Americans & end the lives of millions...It takes a evil soul to put their name on this! Vote NO!!
I guess you aren't common since you are exempt from this law. Why don't you think about that from your ivory tower overlooking the peasants.
Vote NO #trumpcare
You talk the talk but dont walk the walk, empty words
I hope that doesn't mean passing Trumpcare.
Right!!! Prove it and vote NO for this HORRIBLE care act!
Just a hunch, but I feel like a town hall would give you more insight into what your constituents- "Hoosiers"-want.
Obviously doesnt care
You don't own any mirrors, do you? I would imagine it would be too hard to look at yourself in them.
Yeah? Seems repugs think NOTHING ABOUT PEOPLE FROM WHERE I SIT!!!
So many hollow words! Actions speak louder. Know you were paid for by big money. Rob the poor to give to the rich!
If you really believe this then you should vote NO for the #AHCA
Yeah so why don't you start listening to your constituents
If only we could find a Hoosier Senator who would act upon these words. We're watching and it sure isn't you.
So then why are you working to strip Americans of health care, a human right?
So stand behind these words and vote no on the abomination of a bill on "healthcare" that just passed the House. #PayingAttention
keep working for the majority of Hoosiers unlike the loud and left we appreciate all you do for us
You are trumps and Pence's puppet
A yes vote hurts breast cancer survivors. Me going on year 3! Thanks for supporting Hoosiers with no per-existing health issues
Thank you, Senator. As your constituent, I hope that you always remember that all of this - especially compromise - goes both ways.
And we are still waiting!
HACK HYPOCRITE HAS NO MORALS, ONLY THE GOP SKILL OF LYING
DID YOU TELL THEM HOW YOU HELPED VOTE IN THE MOST CORRUPT WH CABINET IN HISTORY
You have yet to vote for the common good.
That was a lot of words to say nothing more than "party over country." Vote no to #AHCA. Do you job - that's common sense.
Bring that message in person to your Hoosier constituents!
I wish you work work for us I will go with out heathcare as I will be unable to pay 7500 a month for healthcare with this new bill. SAD
I hope you plan to vote no on the AHCA. #onetermTodd
The common good = a no vote on the revised ACHA. #kidney strong.
You have not once walked this talk.
Btw sir I'm from Hammond, In.  Kidney patient, KAC Member, Regional #5 Leader with NKF.  A yes vote hurts Kidney Hooisers! #MyKidneysMyLife
I'm in Hammond too. Rheumatoid Disease and Fibromyalgia.
Vote no on Trumpcare
Repealing the ACA is not what's best for kidney patients Sen. Young. https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.kidney.org%2Fnews%2Fnational-kidney-foundation-statement-macarthur-amendment-to-american-health-care-act&h=ATN5Y3m9Zt5JE1x0g1ZjYL9gMOCedyx-RxpH2J21y7_OMesPJzDvYIZg_VwV4WqdvveUPbeX5IjXA6lfwi--mlwWw8OrDzDdN9KPiSAb6IsCrRYazzmCbFg9okI1igYRoFZjQq3jtSJ9z5i2j6o&enc=AZOnkc8k8jVN53Kb7AhVYQB8PAVjw7MZjOy13e4a8m6RAPVLLa1leutBtxxcUciIt8E4-OO-A0y7rhzoPPFyzv7Kp0a7sbJgVvbtGJfBUwkzlw-9uvFEEjLXJVwkRIVlmMbwXFkGl9rTVSOR4mg7nRYEif568FVSCZbIjIaTz-XecRuoaqNbS-1AesIHfz6ZrmFkSOiOqASCtPAWMUtD7-g2Wv8OdRg6zs4W6l8ZfjlRlYxEfC1Vksr26DqOWhH3kTsQn_AkHSkfEOfYmnoI3-JhHtRkNStbpqOexsDBjcpc5Td_wopJIoXuNQKdnkr21o3xtI2A0Ytr5w4yiSNHYovwhDdV2XgF6cUEF3KC6DClD4aQybHCaczOrAyt5bk7tsCiUldPiGUjqRg1B2E9tPhnGXrFKTqRfMcELZRJEYMj6g&s=1 …
Common good? What have you done that helps the common Hoosier?
If only your party believed that. Best of luck. @SenToddYoung @SenateGOP
You have an opportunity to prove that every day, but you don't.  Eliminating health care, civil rights, and feeding the wealthy are proof.
trump-puppet sold out working Americans for GREED!
Please work for the common good and vote against the humanitarian disaster that is the AHCA when it comes to the Senate.
