yep know that, when are you coming to Bloomington?
come to Evansville too. You probably will ignore this as you have my other attempts to reach you.
BTW nice job voting for Flynn.
stop TALKING and start DOING! We didn't send u 2 DC 2 talk, we sent u 2 support @POTUS, build wall repeal ACA!!!
vote no for Gorsuch and yes for judge Garland
How about you meet with your constituents?
Meet with your constituents.  Answer questions without canned responses.  Town Hall now!
when are you going to have your town hall meeting?
Oh please...like we don't know how you are going to vote on this...
Town hall. You are ignoring us Senator
A Senator's job is to listen to and represent constituents. Are your phones working yet? When's the Town Hall?
You are nothing more than a yes man.  I will do everything I can to see you never get reelected!!!!!
time you hold a town hall, we need to talk. Your losing your credibility. save it, VOTE NO to give mentally ill access to guns
love seeing the hypocritical liberals on here calling for baseless impeachment and listen to me, yet was fine...
And the job of the legislative branch is to hold the exec branch accountable when it oversteps its bounds.#checksandbalances
Funny that a carpetbagger wants laws interpreted his way.
Let's discuss in open town hall meeting along w healthcare and national security issues!  Thank you!
Exactly!  #ConfirmGorsuch @SenDonnelly
the job of a senator is to represent his people, not line his pockets.
Stop hiding behind the camera and meet the constituents in person.
why won't you hold a Town Hall meeting! You need to answer to your constitutes, NOW! @GorsuchFacts
it's No. he is bad for women & pro corporate elitist
this is the least of our concerns.  Trump and his Russian connenctions need investigated NOW!
Define "case law".  Your constituents in the 8th Dist. want a Town Hall.  Who do you work for? Hoosiers are watching.
Thanks for the civics lesson.
Thanks so much for this insightful comment.  Now, have a Town Hall with those you, supposedly, represent.
The job of a senator is to listen to his constituents. Remember when you didn't do that on DeVos? How about a town hall?
when is your first Fort Wayne town hall.  We're anxious to have our questions answered.
Then you mean the judge should support the Constitution.  Right?  You've chosen sides.  It's the wrong side.
...When Obama was trampling the Constitution and forcing big govt down r throats w/ unconstitutional overreach
thanks for stating the obvious. Here is another one: Your job-represent your constituents. We would like a moderate judge.
Time to quit hiding Todd. Have a town hall.
When will you be holding a town hall to finally answer questions? You can't hide forever. Don't be a coward.
and the job of a senator is to write laws and listen to their constituent. People before party.
You should be ashamed for not giving Garland a hearing. Confirm someone who will interpret with all Americans in mind.
You're right. But interpreting through the narrow lens of a Christian Right mindset is not what America needs.
you may want to point out the "interpret & apply" aspect to @potus. He seems to think he is all 3 branches in 1
town hall, please. We really want to talk with you in a 2-way conversation. Not us leaving msgs and you posting videos.
Trump's lawyer's "Fair value"  defense relies on a *liberal* reading of the Constitution. So is this about textualism, or just
liking the particular ideological results it tends to yield, really?
Under a textualist/originalist interpretation of the Emoluments Clause, Trump must be impeached, yet no one going there.
You only have time for Gorsuch promo videos? You lost all credibility when you voted for Sessions and DeVos.
#DoYourJob and schedule a townhall meeting during the senate recess! You work for us and we have questions.
Hoosiers would really like it if you scheduled some town halls across the state for Senate recess
elementary. But what is the job of a senator? How would you say you did at that job last year denying Judge Garland a vote?
Did you ask him if he regrets his decision on Thompson R2J v Luke P?
The case where he ruled that providing quality education to an autistic student was not a priority.
Call me crazy, but I thought the point of all education was to promote students to do and be their best.
if you're SO impressed with RIGOR, I assume that means you're impressed by your constituents RIGOROUSLY calling for a townhall
@podod12 @GorsuchFacts You all took an oath to uphold the Constitution. Obama showed how to subvert and run over it
Including the guts to say, "No this is wrong, this is unconstitutional." Agree?
- no shit! That's quite a profound statement there, Todd. When is your next town Hall? Do your fucking job!
Oh! So you mean judges shouldn't make law like Justice Roberts did in Citizens United?
and your job is to make your people's voices heard. When's the last time you did that?
.@SenToddYoung @GorsuchFacts when will you be meeting with your constituents? Happy to tell you to say No to Gorsuch. @thelandsiren
it's the job of a president to nominate a judge but you didn't let @BarackObama do his job did you? #notogorsuch
remind @potus of that fact. He is not aware. Btw you suck for confirming Betsy DeVos.
your job is to be an advocate for your constituents. When is your town hall meeting?
While in the military did you ever think you'd be serving Russia one day?  Amazing what you're willing to ignore
Ads are running. MORE importantly, where is the your statement about nat sec given recent events in Trump admin.
Out standing review. I Sugest you review / impeach Judge Roberts who sought to ignore Such Constitutional order
The job of @SenToddYoung should not be to accept $72,900 in bribes from Betsy DeVos, but to listen to his constituents (for a change!)
Like he said, a judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge.  I hope he's confirmed!
Fellow Hoosier here. Please confirm #NeilGorsuch for #SCOTUS . Thank you.
and the job of a Senator is to accept campaign donations for Secretary confirmations?
how much you getting paid for this conformation vote?
