The continued negative feedback above is a ominous warning, Senator
Sadly, Srini, Todd Young does not care about his constituents.
Do you even read the comments here, the emails, faxes, listen to the calls against Graham-Cassidy? People don't want this bill. Vote no!
Sadly, Bonita, Todd Young does not care about his constituents.  Every e-mail I've send has been answered with a form non-responsive e-mail
Your vote for legislation that would cause such harm to elderly, children and adults with disabilities would be pathetic Senator.
What about Gary, IN?
What about Puerto Rico? No word on what the govt is doing for these citizens.
How does repeatedly voting to take away the healthcare of our neediest people help better serve these communities? Grow a heart, man!
Go research socialist healthcare then come talk to me
1/ Tax credits for health insurance coverage purchased through the marketplaces established by the ACA and subsidies to reduce cost-sharing
Then will you vote against the atrocious Deathcare Bill your party has put forth? Unaffordable Healthcare is no Healthcare.
Try getting a couple jobs and provide your own health care. Why do u think this country owes you anything?
Puerto Rico? Or are they too dark skinned to be concerned about for Republicans?
So, you started by trying to take away their medical care and make it unaffordable???
Get work it helps pay the bills.
One thing that will really help is not taking their healthcare away. Oppose Graham-Cassidy. Support Alexander-Murray.
I’m in Starke County, the 1 with the most orange on that map north of Indy. Any thoughts on how we make this county attractive to industry?
CBO indicates that Medicaid funding would be eliminated for adults made eligible for that program by the ACA.
And tell me how the CBO can even begin to accurately score it when it’s going to be in the states hands.  It’s impossible to score, Fletch.
Todd are you going to support the Graham/ Cassidy health care bill? I have called you repeatedly to vote NO.  Please vote NO
Senator Young does not listen to his constituents.  Period.  He is too beholden to McConnell and Trump.
How about doing the right thing for your state?  Keeping healthcare for the millions of us that depend on it.
How about working two to three jobs and provide your own. Why do I owe you healthcare?
That's some pretty deep BS Todd boy, trying to look human while you take Healthcare away from the people who need it most.
What about Puerto Rico as well? Are you aware these are American citizens, many of whom have served in the military? They need help!
Please offer specifics on what you've learned and how you intend to help. Platitudes and lockstep with partisan agenda isn't convincing.
Which is of course why you're trying to take healthcare away from these communities while cutting taxes on the rich.
Try getting a job maybe two pay your way. I've never had FREE anything. Oh wait I'm White that can't be true
This is important. Great article. Thank you. We also need ACA safety.
3/CBO expects that millions of additional people would be uninsured compared with CBO’s baseline projections each year between 
2018–2026.
2/ payments for certain low-income people would be repealed.
It helps if people have reliable access to health care. Not that you've ever had an opinion about that when I called your office to ask.
Yep, he doesn't have an opinion? What? He's WEAK, can't even stand up for his belief that we aren't worth the cost
@SenToddYoung ...and what have you learned? How will you help?
What about serving the AMERICANS in Puerto Rico?  https://twitter.com/NOAASatellites/status/912342036975669254 … #DoYourHomework
Satellite night images of #PuertoRico. #HurricaneMaria knocked out power grid, millions without electricity. More @ https://goo.gl/CiuhJ1  
Universal healthcare, would be a great start.
A Noble country takes care of its people when they are the most vulnerable (meaning the sick)!! Period! SHAME ON REPUBLICANS FOR THIS BILL!!
shouldn't you be heavily focused on Indiana??
Get on the Trump Train
Recently terminal cancer diagnose  & put on disability. Off empl ins. Not 65, so no Medicare. Only opt is Medicaid which drains 401k. Wow!
Strip healthcare from millions and see what happens!
Serve them by not taking away their healthcare!
What you need to do is back President Trump or resign. Stop listening to the so called Antifa. Cmon Marine
Why isn't your focus on Indiana?
All you've done is toe the @GOP line.
Nice map. It's wrong but pretty colors
work on improving voting rights and have them vote democrat
Have you actually listened to the people you claim you are heavily focused on better serving? #DoYourHomework
Liar!!  You have voted Party Lines!!!
"people in distressed communities die five years earlier" -- Access to good health care is so important. Graham-Cassidy will hurt.
Sure seems like a mega-tax break for the CEOs of companies who abandoned or polluted those areas isn't the best way to start...
Oh, working for increased federal minimum wage, funding for public schools, clean air & water, better healthcare? Who knew?
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy.  Show some integrity.
So then you will be voting against Graham-Cassidy repeal? G-H repeal would make millions of lives miserable.
Supporting tax cuts for the rich disguised as "healthcare" bills is not better serving us. Please vote no.
I'm not rich but I have always did crap jobs that provide health coverage. Why don't you try that
Please vote to get Trump out of office before he destroys the United States
Does Trump know that Puerto Rico is a US territory? Does the GOP know that? What is being done to help them? #RiseUp #PuertoRico
We need less mergers- this is not helping the small businesses which are the backbone of our economy #RiseUp #SmallBusiness
You have been called out Todd on this hypicrital tweet.
Better serve...uh huh...starting by pulling the plug on their health insurance and financial regulatory protection. #Newspeak
You were sent there to reduce excessive government and  taxes.  You have failed miserably
Here's an idea--don't slash funding for Medicaid. And no tax cuts for millionaires. Simple.
Then get out and see what Hoosiers want
Start by not fucking with their healthcare!
You want to better serve the community? How about starting by not taking away their healthcare?
Half a million Hoosiers will lose coverage under #GrahamCassidy. HIP 2.0 will be gutted. Do the human thing and vote no.
You said you wanted to work on healthcare in a bipartisan manner. You also said you think it needs a full CBO score before voting.
So by your own words, you should be voting no on this bill. Let's work together to improve healthcare. Screw this hyperpartisanship in D.C.
You represent all Hoosiers Senator. Taking away access to affordable healthcare from poorest, the elderly and children is heartless.
Well Todd I'm gonna have to call BS on that statement #SaveACA
I thought your party just wants to deport everyone? Hate the poor?
How about a living wage?
ONE: Don't take away their health care. TWO: Vote to combat climate change. These community members can't do it on their own.
I have some bad news for you then...
Perhaps a townhall meeting with some of your constituents who live in these depressed areas of Indiana would be informative. Stop hiding!
No, you've been too busy defending Trump and aggressively avoiding your constituents.
There's a lot still to be done. Keep shining a light on opportunities!
