Kids, addicted folks, pre-exists on & on...but now we know you don't care about majority of constituency just toeing party line.
Actually, the Senate bill covers pre-existing conditions. Stop lying.
As prior to ACA.
Prior to ACA was better than ACA. Community ratings should go. Mandates out. Lower premiums. Abandon insurance-as-access model. Sounds good.
Disagree, many went w/out insurance due to one diagnosed event which caused them to reach cap.  Others, mostly poor, went w/out & used ER /1
Which is why we shouldn't use an insurance-as-access model. Just focus on lowering actual care costs. Let insurance be 4 catastrophic.
Here we marginally agree.  Let's just go to single payer system.
Single payer? No. Free market with direct subsides? Yes.
Prices will rise regardless of which party's plan is in place. But #AHCA throws 23 mil off coverage, high cost better than no coverage.
"throws 23 mil off coverage" <--Nonsense.

I think you mean, "doesn't require people to purchase coverage."

Fixed it for you.
Ah, but those who don't have health insurance and utilize the system (like ERs) drive up costs for the rest of us. Take some responsibility
The other half is that the people you say you don't want to pay for are people you're currently subsidizing under Obamacare.
I'm happy to pay more taxes so that no one goes without healthcare. Unfortunate the top 400 families are unwilling to do the same.
Excellent! If you don't have a problem subsidizing them through the exchanges, you shouldn't have a problem subsidizing them in the ER.
Hoosiers are suffering under ObamaCare. I'm one of them. This bill ends the individual and employer mandates. That's enough. Vote for it.
if you vote yes, the effects will be felt just in time to vote you out of office. Good luck blaming Obama!
Trump won Indiana by 20 points on the promise to repeal ObamaCare. Young's only risk is to not vote with Trump.
This bill will hurt people. It must not pass.
This bill will be awesome.
because republicans are drafting the bill and tax cuts for the wealthy are the #1 republican goal
Can you help us understand how the new proposed plan affects lifetime caps and Medicaid for people like my son who has muscular dystrophy?
Rand Paul is right
Hoosiers need a leader not a party follower.  My wife and I did not vote for you...because we did not think you would stand up to the party
Take the best of Obamacare...add some Trumpcare and provide Americans healthcare.  Stop your party banter and be a leader.
to be a Fabricator, Liar, Fibber, Prevaricator, Storyteller ( @SecPriceMD above ) is beneath you 
#NoTrumpCare
When and where will you be holding Town Halls?
STOP PLAYING WITH PPL's LIVES!
Vote no to trumpcare and vote to fix ACA
# TownHallPlease
I urge you to FIX what is wrong with the ACA then. The BCRA  would be much more damaging to Hoosiers than the current state of the ACA.
Be bold and lead.  Give us a reason to vote for your in five years.  You have courageously lead in the past when you wore a uniform
Only irrational thinkers who needed a house, but already had one built, would start from scratch instead of just fixing the roof! #GOP
Any time 1 political party foes something on its own, it fails. Work together please.
1 in 5 Hoosiers r on Medicaid

400,000 ppl on HIP2.0 program that will be phased out if federal funding drops

Too many people at stake!
And...take down your post...it is a party line that is not true.  Lay out a long term path and the insurance companies will step in
Hoosiers and many Americans are counting on you to courageously lead again.
Work with Rand Paul on the new version
You DO understand that the GOP sabotaged Obamacare, and that's why it doesn't work...right?
Signed,
Hoosier Voter
You should actually fully implement Obamacare. It can't work otherwise. Open your eyes; the problem is not Obamacare.
Then fix Obamacare. This bill does nothing to increase access to health insurance or lower prices.
It will give the 1% a huge tax cut at the expense of the poor. It will literally kill thousands of Americans every year.
Doctors don't want this bill. Hospitals don't want this bill. Even GOP governors don't want this bill.  AMERICANS DON'T WANT THIS BILL.
2/2 work together to improve ACA. Be a courageous leader, not a follower. Represent your constituents - not your party.  I have faith in you
So do something. Cooperate with democrats and fix it!
Higher premiums with less coverage plus millions that will lose insurance is unacceptable! ACA needs help but BCRA is worse! U can do better
Vote no against the new healthcare bill. With a Pre-existing condition, I will not be able to afford the medicine I need to survive/thrive
Is this a joke? The RNC had 8 years to come up with a better plan and we get a plan that kills. Wake up and help Hoosiers!
A bill that puts life time caps kills. A bout of cancer can hit that in a month. No treatment=death. Pre existing=denial=death
Your right doing nothing is not an option.  But after seven years of saying something has to start with repeal is the only path...get smart
For 7 yrs #GOP has been whining abt Obamacare, but can't come close. You say you wanna fix something? FIX OBAMACARE! EASY PEASY WIN 4 ALL
If you were truly committed you would be working to solidify the ACA and not being a spiteful agent in forcibly collapsing it.
Now...do not take seven years to figure out a skinny repeal is not the way to start.
"speaking with folks at home"? How about a town hall meeting?
How about @SenToddYoung you conduct them throughout the state at a time when people can attend?
When will you be speaking to constituents HERE in INDIANA?
61 y/o constituent. ACA is breaking  because of uncertainty your party is creating.  We are not fools, vote yes and you own this and kill us
Are you still reviewing with your IN stakeholders? EM docs would like to know if you need our input.
1/2 Doing something that will take away insurance and reduce coverage is not an option. Repeal without replace is unconscionable.
Are the Republicans more interested is removing Obama's name or fixing what is broken?  Work with the Democrats to make a system that works
How about starting by repealing the Marko Rubio bill from a few years ago that defunded risk corridor payments
If you show us that you REALLY stand for the ppl, we will have your back. IN is a state that backs the man, not the party. Stand Up! #NoAHCA
How does this bill provide affordable health care for Hoosiers? How does this bill expand coverage for Hoosiers?
Personally, I would rather have the ACA fixed, not repeal & replace it. Just my 2 cents from Indiana.
We were right...you are blindly following a guy who has been a toxic leader and accomplished the least of any modern day leader.
Keep the promise of lower premiums, better coverage and everyone insured
Carriers are leaving due to Trump admin sabotage. #Trumpcare will raise rates 20% next year with less coverage and higher deductibles!
Carriers have been leaving states for years, dummy.
This is unconscionably deceitful. You know very well if congress committed to funding ACA that most marketplaces would stabilize.
Folks, the ACA is operating today as it was passed in 2010 and implemented by previous administration. No conspiracy. Collapsing on itself.
The law is functioning, congress is not. It is creating uncertainty in the marketplace and, in their own words, insurers are reacting to it.
Congress has passed no bill at this point, insurers dropping plans for a year+ (when it was presumed Ms. Clinton would be in office today).
Insurers reacting to fixable shortcomings in ACA markets & government-created uncertainty in those markets (they're flat out saying so).
Sending me a form letter does not equal "speaking with folks at home." I'm a Hoosier. Vote AGAINST this bill.
The BCRA is terrible for Hoosiers. Be a leader for all Hoosiers. Don't cut taxes...Expand coverage and protections.  That's Better Care!
Doing NOTHING is all this republican congress has accomplished. Stop wasting our tax $ chasing things no1 wants. Fix ACA & stop hating Obama
Indiana was one of two states where Obamacare prices went down in 2017.  And if it fails now, it's because you let it.
The ONLY option is a BIPARTISAN effort to make sure ALL Americans have access 2 affordable coverage& those who already have it don't lose it
Anything short of that & ur not doing ur job. If ur job is to let the sick, elderly, poor, mentally ill & addicted die, ur not doing ur job!
You can't rob millions of Americans of their healthcare & say well we had to do something because doing nothing isn't an option
I beg your pardon, but nobody wants you to do nothing. We want you to do your job & fight for us like you swore to do.
Anything short of that & ur not doing ur job. If ur job is to let the sick, elderly, poor, mentally ill & addicted die, ur not doing ur job!
If that is the case, Senator, then tell your potus to stop sabotaging Obamacare. Millions of American citizens depend on that care. I am one
The bill will save the gov $$ and citizens without healthcare will parrish- It is literally putting a price on human life. Please vote NO.
You can fight to fix the #ACA, and 'doing nothing is not an option' is fine. But Anything you do should increase coverage, not decrease.
The ACA has made insurance possible for MANY of my friends and family, including my 6 yr old son. This new bill will be catastrophic for IN.
Insurers are fleeing due to uncertainty of BCRA. Make ACA better but don't abandon those who need HC.
Please slow down and really consider the impact this healthcare bill/draft/discussion will have on your constituents.
Health insurance costs were skyrocketing long before Obama took office. Engineered failure is what it amounts to.
You were military. You took a vow to protect Americans. This bill would do harm more Americans than any foreign threat. 22 mil more @ risk
Please vote "NO" on the current draft of the healthcare law. All of your constituents are counting on you to to the right thing.
Listen to the PPL of IN: VOTE N ON AHCA! Facts R facts & CBO=FACTS.Thousands of IN's depend on U! Plz don't let us down. 
VOTE N ON AHCA!
How could this bill possibly help anything? It won't. Please work toward making repairs to ACA. Replacing just for the point isn't helpful.
Doing the wrong thing is worse than doing nothing... #FreeEnterprise 
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
Do not vote Yes for Trumpcare. Giving a tax break to the rich is wrong. Do not pee on your poor constituents
Don't gut ACA - fix the problems and quit setting it up to fail. Please let us know where you will be speaking to folks at home.
Indiana residents WILL hold you personally responsible for the deaths that this bill will produce. Just imagine the wrongful death lawsuits!
Then take a look at the ACA and figure out what is driving prices up and FIX it instead of voting on a bill you know is going to hurt people
Call it what it is, Sen. Young.  #Wealthcare, not healthcare.
if you want voted back into office you had better vote no. I'm from IN, and will work to VOTE you OUT!
This bill is not the solution!
Tax cuts for the rich at the expense of health care for the poor and middle class. That's it in a nutshell
Please do not support this bill, work together to fix ACA   #INconstituent
Exactly who do you think you are kidding?
Senator, your moment in history is soon approaching...where will you stand? Choose to stand for the vulnerable. Hoosiers will remember.
Disingenuous.

You know this attack on "Obamacare" has racist roots--& horrifically hurts the poor to give tax breaks to the super-rich
"Doing nothing" is absolutely an option if whatever you do just makes the situation worse. AHCA is _WORSE_ than "obamacare".
When you say Obamacare failed Hoosiers, you misspelled "GOP".
Obamacare collapsing leaves US closer to #FreeMarketHealthcare, the only sure way to excellence + lower prices. Your best move: #FullRepeal.
Many hardworking Americans and small businesses have health care under ACA. AHCA takes away health care for taxcuts to the rich. #fixdontnix
Please do not deny insurance coverage to tens of thousands of IN residents and millions of US citizens. Vote NO.
The blood of Hoosiers will be on YOUR hands mr.young
Your ONLY choice IS TO VOTE NO. If you have 2 CHOOSE between MONEY and human LIVES THEN YOU HAVE NO PLACE IN POLITICAL OFFICE
and I suspect Anthem timed their news to help bolster the case for repeal. Pls prove me wrong.
270K Hoosiers will lose healthcare under the shitpile of a bill you're supporting. Support ACA and improve it not replace it with AHCA
Sen Young, agree OCare needs to be fixed. Repub repeal will hurt the most vulnerable Hoosiers. 22 million lose HC,
The only reason Obamacare has any issues is because GOP has been trying to kill it since inception.  Work to improve not repeal.
19 disabled ppl just held sit-in @ Senate office in Indianapolis 
2 were "thrown into wall & badly injured," reports ADAPT's Teresa Torres
What a cop out! How about you grow a SPINE and come up with a fix, oh wait it's easier to blame someone than to fix it
Than do it right and have hearings and make it work for all.
Vote against this terrible bill
Can you defend your position. Now with the new CBO score???

The AMA opposes the #Senate's #HealthcareBill, with physicians' vow to #FirstDoNoHarm at the crux of our opposition. http://spr.ly/60108oyAo  
Misguided
VOTE NO
Anthem just informed my husband our family of 6 will no longer have healthcare. My husband is a small business owner in your state.
Vote NO! #SaveMedicaid
Please vote no to the AHCA.  Please listen to everyone else on here.  Indiana NEEDS the ACA (fixed, but not gone).
I have affordable insurance through ACA. The AHCA bill is terrible. You cannot defend this bill. Vote No. How about having a Town Hall?
Who are you speaking to at home?  Because everyone I know here in Indiana is terrified of the AHCA and wants you out.

You need to address insurance companies!! They are the vultures that have robbed many. Why is nobody doing this?? Look at their profits!!!
Healthcare is a commodity--
Free market creates competition and organically brings down cost. 
#FulRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
Meet my daughter. ACHA-proposed Medicaid cuts threaten programs that enable her to attend school w/her peers. Still undecided?
Please vote NO to this horrible bill! Many Hoosier lives are depending on your vote.
This is not a Healthcare bill; it is a tax cut for millionaires that steals life saving care from sick children. It's an absolute disgrace.
Your statement is based in lies and is in fact a lie in and of itself. If you vote yes, you will be repealed and replaced.
#VoteNoAHCA
Keep your promise of full repeal. #KeepThePromise #2018 #UnitedForFreedom
For YEARS we voted for the #FullRepeal Repubs promised. Instead they give us Obamacare II. BETRAYAL! #UnitedForFreedom
No. Obamacare saved my life. Don't take it from us!
NO trump or Obamacare! #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
Let it collapse. It was doomed 2 fail 2 begin with. #FullRepeal ACA! No 2 socialized medicine for all. Common sense legislation is needed!
I hope that every single person who commented on this will turn their tweets into votes in the coming election cycles.
Trying representing your constituents for once? They want Single Payer. Do that. You are a servant. SERVE.
So I have not seen one person responding to you in favor of a yes vote! Not ONE!wake up, wake up, wake up, these are people's lives here!!
Wow look at all these constituents that support your decision!

None
Who have you talked with?

Really, I want to know because you don't hold town halls or communicate with anyone who doesn't like you.
It's no use calling your office, which I have. You're a lap dog who doesn't care about constituents. 

You vote for this bill and people die
Dead people can't vote. You're deceiving many with this statement. 

Fix what you feel is wrong. Don't replace it with pure shit.
Fix Obama care and stop give tax breaks to your buddies
Does it make u feel better to call it Obamacare? It's the Affordable Care Act- make healthcare affordable or is that too hard for GOP to do
My name is Todd Kostecki I know if this law is signed my father of 71and I  will end up without healthcare lose our home y should we have2
This bill will hurt untold number of people. Insurers pulled out in IN because of uncertainty of GOP plan.
You have let us down by not supporting the ACA. Get the insurance companies back. Do your job!
Affordable for who?  The middle class?  What about those slogging away in low income jobs who's employers don't offer insurance?
We must reject the AHCA in current house/senate form. YOU must partner w/ @SenDonnelly & come up w/serious bipartisan reform not a tax break
Please be honest. I am a hoosier and, like many, I know that Repub plans are all far worse that fixing Obamacare.  Do right thing: fix ACA!
@SenToddYoung I agree that the health care system is broken. Destroying HIP doesn't fix it. Let's expand HIP! Vote no on #AHCA
Work across the "aisle" openly to improve the ACA. This new bill is irresponsible to your constituents.
This is not for Americans, if you vote for this give your uniforms to a real Marine, shred your discharge and never speak of the Corps again
Obama Care worked. It was flawed, but worked. u remove previous condition protection I will personally lead the fight to bring u2 ur knees.
In 2 years this vote will be like Iraq war vote...don't support it and you may get re-elected...although, your conscience should tell you no
Please quit lying about the ACA .
What about Medicaid? The money allotted does not help children with complex needs? Will these children just die? Are u ok being responsible?
Insurers leaving marketplace because Republicans playing Russian Roulette with future HC policy which is really just a tax cut for wealthy
The only solution to health care is for both parties to work together on it.  Otherwise...you break it you own it.
Talk with people whose membership in middle class depends on affordable care. Should we go bankrupt because we are sick? Or die over it!?
The AHCA is not the answer. It would leave many veterans and others in need without coverage. FIX THE LAW DON'T DESTROY IT OUT OF SPITE.
hoosiers please email Todd Young's assistant
not one single reply has been in support of this bill. I hope you read your responses and remember who you work for. The voter
get your head out of "party politics" and start working for your fellow AMERICANS and not just wealthy tax cuts.
If you repeal it...you own it. Hurting the people of Indiana may turn this state blue...and leave you among the unemployed. We're watching.
The current Senate and House plans are a disgrace. Fix the ACA, do not repeal. Insurers are pulling out bc of uncertainty over future.
Please oppose. #trumpcare will kill Hoosiers

It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
I'd like to know who the "folks" are that you are speaking to at home?
Your response was party-line almost verbatim. Are you thinking for yourself or being a lemming? What about your constituents?
Are you only talking to party-line republicans at home? No one has talked to me.
When and where will you hold a town meeting?? Don't run from your constituents.
The uncertainty about healthcare has generated the retreat from insurance providers. This bill is shameful - and deadly for many. Vote NO.
This is disingenuous and misleading. If Obamacare is failing, it's because the republicans have made it so. Do not vote for this bill.
Why does this bill include a retroactive tax cut on investment income?
Doing nothing is a better option than doing something evil.
Thank you Sir. I agree. The current system doesnt work. It's a burden on small businesses also.
Don't play politics with PP. our small Indiana towns suffer when you do.
Pls oppose, as neither GOP proposal nor ACA address cost/innovation. Only markets & informed patients can bend cost curve & improve access.
Just come get the rest of my $ and hand it to the first uber wealthy campaign donor you are in contact with. That's pretty much it right?
Nothing in this bill addresses the loss of younger healthier people in the market. Should we not focus on that?
Insurers are leaving due to the uncertainty and that is what should be addressed.
Please consider the impact on Medicaid and millions with disabilities. It will be devastating. Sure you don't support that.
I guess no square deal for us huh? The rich get richer. The middle class is going to take this one in the pants. Attacking the sick. Nice.
In 1908, R, President TR denounced "the representatives of predatory wealth.â€ He denounced plutocracy and greed, which the bill embodies.
The bill you all propose is horrible. Go back to the drawing board. Or, you must be satisfied with hurting old people, children, women.
Anthem MDWise pulled out because @realDonaldTrump stopped cost sharing payments for ACA. Stop this vindictive madness #voteNO #AHCA
Your last statement tells you what to do. If you want everyone to have access to healthcare, don't support the current draft.
If 24 million lose coverage as CBO said for AHCA, voting for it would mean voting to kill 217,000 Americans in the next decade 2/2
Research published in the New England Journal of Medicine shows insurances saves one life per 300-800 insured each year. 1/
Defunding Medicare or Medicaid does nothing to address this problem.
Hoosiers are stuck with this guys for a long time which he knows and is relying on short-term memory.
It is the GOP's fault for it collapsing. It has nothing to do with HC...It just has to do with money which is all you people think about
You can say whatever words you like, Senator, but it is your vote on this disastrous, rapacious bill that will tell Hoosiers whom you serve.
You cannot support this abomination of a bill! Voters will remember! #Wealthcare
This is not a clear statement. How are you going to protect the poor, those already ill, and the elderly?
Join with Dems. and work to improve Obamacare like they have been trying to do since it passed instead of making it worse.
Do not vote yes on healthcare bill !! BILLIONS going to big companies !! PRE-  EXISTING conditions ,  Indiana will OPT out & you know it .
