2/9 My hearing on the World Health Organization and Readiness for Global Pandemics will now proceed as a meeting.
3/9 This topic is too important to do otherwise.
4/9 Here’s an excerpt of one of our witness’s testimony:
5/9 That’s right: there is a “high probability” of a large-scale pandemic in the next 10-30 yrs that could kill 10s of millions.
6/9 Global pandemics know no national borders
7/9 We’ve already seen during the Ebola crisis what ineffective responses can do to worsen an outbreak.
8/9 With a new WHO leader just elected, there is no better time than now to hold this meeting and improve the WHO.
9/9 We will be proceeding with the meeting and streaming it on Facebook live: http://Facebook.com/SenatorToddYoung …
Be a human being VOTE AGAINST "trumpDontCare" and that disgraceful budget. Do the right thing. Care and vote for US, Not MCCONNELL & RYAN!
Stop being sactimonious. Disappointed in you for cutting 24M Americans from health care to find your tax cut for the rich.
You've got to be kidding. Get the health care bill out in front of experts and give them time to read it. Then complain about process.
Not seeing a lot of #Hoosiers weighing in here in favor of the #trumpcare process. Show us #AHCA n' u can have as many #who mtgs as u want.
Hypocrite.
You have got to be kidding. You seem to be alright with an all white, all male super duper secret healthcare bill. Secret=block. Same thing.
We are against everything the president is doing. He is destroying the country. What about all the jobs not filled (State Department etc)?
Thanks for nothing looks like you are going to screws the Hoosier state with Trump care..
You're channeling your inner trump. Stop whining. You made this mess. All on you republicans.
Without insurance the death  #s will be higher because of the ridiculousness of the GOP Bill. Vote no. Fix ACA. Don't repeal.
I'm disappointed in this https://twitter.com/diogeron/status/879789098306863104 …
You're kidding, right? "Blocking" is somehow worse than throwing your constituents off Obamacare? Or voting in secrecy? Disgusting.
If you'd convince McConnell to put the ACA repeal through normal process, you'd have your hearing. Instead, you're a disgrace to Hoosiers.
Don't count on being reelected when the time comes if you don't represent Hoosiers when voting on the ACA repeal!  Prove you represent us!
You mean that the GOP was going to come out of the closet? From behind closed doors? Who knew?
Who blocked your town halls? #GOPlies #GOPcrimes
You know what else kills people Yhe 23Million people who will not have healthcare after you vote. That will happen next year not in 10-30
Shhhh... do you hear that? It's the whistling breeze of thousands of hands making the jerk-off motion at you.
Best tweet tonight to you......
You got some hate for this one...
Almost seems like everyone who didn't vote for you still doesn't like you...
Really?  Because we're disappointed with the decision of the Republicans to hide behind doors while crafting a healthcare bill.
Exactly. Maybe some public hearings!!!
He and fellow Republicans are chickenshit! He won't even hold a Townhall for his constituents in Indiana!
I can't believe anyone in Indiana voted for him.
It's Indiana!!
Do you GET why they did that? The #AHCA is a big deal! We have been saying that for weeks. #ShowUsTheBill #NoAHCA
Put country over party. Your credibility is on the line.
This rant would b far more effective if McConnell wasn't trying to pass a bill that takes healthcare away from millions in secret.
At least the dems gave repubs a say in the ACA. Your party obstructionist in charge, McTurtle, took away your right 2 fucking whine about it
You should be ashamed of yourself! At least give us a good reason for not making this public! Oh I know, it's part of your coup! You suck!
Are you reading these replies? Your constituents are upset with the lack of transparency re: AHCA. Listen to us! Stand up for us!
Publish your numbers. How many people who have contacted you are for or against this bill? How many want transparency?
You talk about Hoosier common sense. Use some. You talk about bitter partisanship. Fight that. Do the right thing. #ShowUsTheBill
I'm disappointed in your hypocrisy. And your decision to not encourage an open process around your party's passage of the new ACA bill.
Don't be a hypocrite. You aren't holding any hearings on our own health bill. How can you whine about not getting hearings on your bill?
I'm disappointed in back dooring us on health care . You've got to go .
With 100% certainty, many Hoosiers will be harmed over the next 1-10 years if *you* have your way. Don't tell me about pandemic response.
Is Twitter just a place for you to promote your agenda or do you read the responses? Hint - your voters are not happy.
Look at all of these replies from people, including your constituents, who are appalled by your disappointment. You're not listening to us.
the replies to your thread are loud & clear, senator. you can represent us or follow the current path of your party. you can't do both.
I'm a Hoosier that lives in Boone County. I support the dems for looking out for the American people. The AHCA is a disgrace. Do your job.
Disappointed in the Repub decision to block the entire country out of the debate to improve healthcare. Do your job for #indiana
Do you hear all of this feedback from your constituents ? It's an ominous sign
You're disappointed? As disappointed as US victims of a pandemic will be when there's no healthcare to depend on for survival? #transparency
@SenToddYoung are you reading these replies? Are you listening to the calls to your office? Hoosier voters don't support @GOPSenate.
Unless you announce your support of hearings for AHCA, or you will vote no, your disappointment is hypocritical at best, cynical at worse.
You could help to end bipartisan gridlock by encouraging GOP to open AHCA to hearings. Only cooperation will benefit Americans.
Disappointed in the decision of the Republican cause not to hold hearings on their health bill.  #ShowUsTheBill
Wow I read many many of the replies not one positive one might want to think through that AHCA vote
Block what hearings? You mean the 10 hrs they have to read, review and respond? You had 8 YEARS to put something together. Be a man.
I am disappointed in your approval of the horrible cabinet members & your party's obstruction on health care
Disappointed as your constituent that you won’t push for normal process for AHCA.
Quit whining ToddY and step up and demand a hearing on Senate #AHCA @gop . Crybabies get no sympathy from me 
#ShowUsTheBill
How can you be so disconnected from your constituents? Even the ones that voted for you deserve to see what is in the healthcare bill.
Sucks to suck.
I'm a Hoosier and I went to high school with your wife and I'm disappointed you won't allow a public hearing of ACA act.
Disappointed in you @SenToddYoung. From an IN constituent.
Disappointed in the decision of the Republicans to draft ACHA which steals from the poor to pay the rich
Disappointed in the decision of the Republicans not to hold confirmation hearings for Merrick Garland
Disappointed in the decision of the Republican senators to draft a bill in isolation. #thatsnotrepresentation
Disappointed they needed to block just to get a hearing. Stop allowing McConnel to force this bill through w/o full text or CBO score.
Dissapointing that @gop does not respect democracy.  Stop hiding healthcare bill.
Global pandemics are important, particularly as you are voting to deny millions of Americans health insurance so they can't get treated.
So much backlash on your outrageous tweet trying to deflect from your support of AHCA, harming ALL of us. Jobless in 2022.
Wow, this msg backfired on you. Massive backlash from constituents. Ouch! Maybe time to listen on AHCA. Protect us. Not wealthy+corporations
Disappointed in the republicans not supporting a better health care plan
We're disappointed in you. You weren't sent to Washington to play party politics. U know shoving a healthcare bill thru in secret isnt right

I'm disappointed that the republicans won't hold hearings on the health care bill. Don't pick/ choose if one upsets you the other should.
PS - did you really think these tweets would go well? If yes, you're totally clueless about how your constituents are feeling theses days...
Your constituents (I am one) are beyond disappointed that the GOP caucus continues to take away people's healthcare without hearings.
Disappointed Trump and Price are happy with huge budget cuts that could help prevent this...oh, and sorry for the suckas w/o healthcare!
Complaining about the dems is not being a participant in democracy. Join forces. You are the one who is obstructing the govt. you know this
Really? You are a disappointment to all of the Hoosiers who won’t have insurance soon thanks to your decisions.
Senator Young:  Don't even attempt to spin this like the craven liar you are. Good chance your voters see through you as well.
Hogwash. If GOP engaged in transparent process, this wouldn't be needed. Stop embarrassing Hoosiers & do something to help those in need.
Get the ACHA out in public and maybe you can get your bill inserted when they rewrite it in the 11th hour before the vote. NOT.
If the GOP would #ShowUsTheBill, you would have had your hearing today. Hoosiers are disappointed in you for not demanding it
So where's the Senate version of the #AHCA? Why is it hidden? Your work is important but why isn't our healthcare?
The irony of you trying to shame Dems over world health issues while you've torn those efforts down every chance you get is really amazing.
Disappointed in how you've been as a Senator
AND You are all so obtuse you have NO CLUE how angry people are getting at you do you? Ask yourself why people are shooting at you
Please read all your replies citing @GOP un-American and cruel lack of transparency during AHCA process. Add mine as a "ditto" to all. Boo.
You have crossed the line with this outrageous tweet. It is supremely dishonest. You're perfectly aware of the reason; it's McConnell
Hey he should ask Pence for tips on how to create an HIV epidemic in this day and age.
Really dissapointed in Repubs decision to go about trying write and pass AHCA they way you all are. Shout out to Dems looking out for us!!!!
What you get when R leadership puts together a tax cut for the rich with a plan to kill the disabled & the poor! It's what the fk you get!
I can't believe you Tweeted this, given what's going on w/ AHCA. Blame Senate GOP - esp. Traitor McConnell - not the Dems. Shame on you.
You know what's also helpful in readying ourselves for global pandemics? NOT DYING FROM PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS. #SaveACA
Disappointed in the decision of the Republicans to conduct business that impacts all of us behind closed doors.
Because open discussions about healthcare aren't important? Hoosiers want transparency from our gov., and the GOP Congress continues to hide
You won't come to the people. Hoosiers will come to you on July 4th break. Indiana at Todd's house. We want answers!
We the people are disappointed in the @SenateGOP decision to make our healthcare more $$ & have it provide less benefits to less people!
Maybe if your party had open hearings, amendments, expert testimony, women panelists, Dems, you'd get the cooperation you seek.
Oh really?? Thanks for confirming you're part of the problem @SenToddYoung
If you're concerned, get two of your colleagues and force a hearing on AHCA. You have the power to do the right thing
Give us the same health care plan that you enjoy
WE the MAJORITY are elated by it! Also counting down the days until each & everyone of you are VOTED OUT! #KARMA
20M+ ppl will lose health care so richest 1% can get huge tax break. Ppl will die. Do not approve Trumpcare.
They are doing it for us, not the 1% at the top tax bracket. You know that good healthcare should be a right for all not just the wealthy.
You're joking, right? What about AHCA hearings? Btw...I'm sure having health insurance would be helpful during a pandemic.
Disappointed in you and fellow Republicans for putting 24 million people out of insurance! How about a Townhall and tell us to our face?!
While the WHO is important, to most of Indiana our own health care is more important. Tell your fellow GOP senators to SHOW THE BILL.#noahca
You are kidding me right?  Let's see that healthcare bill why don't we?
Wouldn't it be nice if Americans had insurance in the case of a pandemic?  Get your own house in order, then come back.
MAYBE JOIN THEM. Why? Because your caucus is law-making in SECRET. Which is ANTI-AMERICAN.
Are you equally disappointed that Rep leaders are excluding Dems from the political process? Speak up about that, then ask Dems for help.
@SenToddYoung, things will turn to regular order the minute things return to regular order. No more secrecy by the GOP. #WITHHOLDCONSENT
I'm disappointed in you and your inability to openly discuss the details of the secret healthcare bill!!
Millions will lose insurance. Thousands will die.  @SenateDems are heros. You're #Complicit
Show us the bill!!!!!
You all really need to grow up and stop acting like spoiled brats fighting over a toy. What part of "Working together" don't you understand?
Disappointed in @GOP refussal to hold hearing on #AHCA. 23 MILLION PEOPLE
We're "disappointed" your party is trying to take health care away from our families. Why don't you put a stop to it?
Disappointed that you refuse to stand up for what is right, like transparency. WOW! Sad.
You talk of pandemic and yet do nothing to protect our healthcare? Show us the bill!
Really? You lost my support. Hypocrite. Pull coverage from our disabled children+elderly parents wo remorse. Lover of money
Hoosier voter outraged by the GOP health bill process and that millions will lose healthcare. I am voting against you in 2022.
I can't tweet what I want because it might get me kicked off twitter. 
What a disappointment that they had to do this to protest your party's secret healthcare bill!  Fix that before whining. AHCA will kill
Awww poor baby, show the bill then
#ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill
Are you also disappointed in your treasonous GOP colleagues for hiding the bill from EVERYONE except old white boys?
It's important but Americans' health care isn't? Get the text of the revised AHCA to the full Senate. Whatever the 13 do, you are complicit.
With all your talk over the importance of transparency, I'm disappointed that you decided not to speak out about this secrecy.
Really dude...were you on board with the years & years of OBSTRUCTION of the last administration? "Disappointed" then were you...? 
6 retweets, 85 replies.  This message is failing.  Bigly.
It's even worse now. 9/193. Epic fail.
are you kidding me? taking away insurance from millions so the rich can get tax cuts is ok with you?
how will we treat epidemics without a health insurance system?

will the epidemic strike before senate recess? lolololol
also, hope you don't pass presidents budget as that strips funding from research and the CDC. Hypocrisy at its best.
Maybe you should talk to McConnell and tell him to show us the healthcare bill and go thru normal process of hearings, and amendments.
Disappointed republicans are not representing the people who elected them.
.@SenToddYoung You're disappointed? What a coincidence! The rest of us are disappointed about healthcare bill secrecy #NoHearingNoVote
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. This is rich, coming from the party of obstruction. Your moral compass is MIA. #shameful
You are NOT doing the work of the people Turd Young. 
What choice do they have?? You are plotting in secret to take healthcare from millions and expect anything different?!
We're disappointed you're not showing us the bill. So you can get over it. Your life isn't at stake. #HoldTheFloor
You and your party are beyond disappointing.  Secret #trumpcare bill is 
un-American and pretty fucking evil overall. Shame on you.
today. He has set back progress and simple human decency because of his lack of it. He dances for his masters Koch, Mercer etc.
We're disappointed the @SenateGOP and @SenateMajLdr have refused to release the text of a bill affecting millions and 1/6 of the economy.
13 GOP white men are literally meeting in secret to steal healthcare from 23 million Americans and this is your complaint?
We're thankful Dem's are watching the deceitful @GOP from ruining this country, so shut up and sit down!
We are disappointed that the healthcare bill is so bad the Senate GOP is afraid to show it or debate it.
The irony here is rich, concern for @WHO is legit, but what about #AmericaFirst 
Trying to uninsure $20MM+ w/out a hearing? #WITHHOLDCONSENT
Has anyone stop to wonder why the dems got fed up and passed ACA without GOP?  McConnell. This nasty old man has made America what it is...
These tweets are the height of hypocrisy. You're not disappointed by the lack of hearings on healthcare bill affecting millions? #trumpcare
You would better serve your constituents(like me) & the nation as a whole if you would vote against ACHA. Be the Christian you claim to be.
So many Riley Kids and sick Indiana children depend on Medicaid the most. I'm so disheartened by this. I hope your vote represents Indiana.
You know what's disappointing? Writing a health care bill that affect millions of Americans in secret.
You are an absolute joke, but I'm being redundant here.
I'm just shaking my head.  There is no end to the GOP hypocrisy.  #ShowUsTheBill
Wanna debate the bill then? Coward.
Awwww...Disappointed by Dems trying to look out for healthcare to ALL Americans and not just the rich?
Don't try and paint yourselves as the aggrieved party here. YOU are allowing the AHCA to be hidden from us. This is YOUR fault.
Are you fucking serious right now??
You & @SenateGOP might want to consider getting McConnell's #Trumpcare out in the open for serious debate first. This affects ALL Americans!
Hope you remember this when you are voting on the #SecretHealthBill #ShowUsTheBill
I'm disappointed in the @senateGOP and the secretive and un-American way they're going about healthcare reform.
So how does that pandemic thing work when Americans don't have health coverage?
How ironic...will your meeting include discussions about how said pandemics will be worse if Americans only have your "mean" #Trumpcare ?
#ShowUsTheBill
Shame on you! Why not fix the problem by restoring democratic processes to the Senate? You are the problem, not Dems.
Good, because we're all disappointed in the secrecy in which you Republicans are deciding my healthcare! Dish it out but can't take it, eh?
TY for discussing risk of pandemic. However, don't blame @SenateDems. They're eager to preserve/protect US & global health. #ShowUsTheBill
Yes your hearing may be important but so is the healthcare of 23M people and 1/6 of our economy. #holdthefloor #StopAHCA
Very disappointed with your decision to support #AHCA
I'm disappointed you're having zero hearings and zero markups on the terrible AHCA bill
Oh no a senator is disappointed, Maybe you shouldn't support a party who hates humans and thinks we can live without healthcare..
Hello hypocrisy! #holdthefloor
Epidemiology is crucial. That is why we need to better fund CDC. Also, they wouldn't be blocking anything if we could keep our healthcare.
Get your leadership to discuss the health care bill if you want regular Senate business.
Disappointed in lack of transparency and lies about the tax cut camouflaged as health care bill y'all are ramming down America's throat
As your constituent, I am beyond disappointed that you are apparently ok with this process.
As an American, I am disgusted with both the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP’s handling of AHCA, regardless of what is in the bill.
#onetermtodd is severely out of touch.
With all due respect, Senator, you can’t have it both ways. If you want Dems to behave, then the GOP needs to do so, as well.
BITE ME! I'll give you credit for being ballsy but not for havin a pair! If you did you would stand up for your people, not bow to the king!
I am disappointed that Republicans are deciding the future of healthcare behind closed doors.  They must have something to hide.
Disappointed in the stunning display of hypocrisy the GOP is showing in allowing this sham of a health care bill process to continue.
We are disappointed in @SenateMajLdr closed door backroom-dealing on AHCA #ShowUsTheBill
#ShowUsTheBill
