Sir, the time for "Obamacare is broken" is over. You've had 6 years to come up with, "and now..."
never too late to replace a system that was designed to fail & that BHO lied about to be passed. #repealBHOcare #MAGA
Keep yelling into the ether if that's what you need to do.
no time, we're too busy #MAGA and #repealobamacare is just a small part of that
Know that the irony of you saying you have no time while taking time to tweet at me again is appreciated. Next level.
had a few seconds in between collecting the salt from your tears. Enjoy the next 8 years #repealobamacare #MAGA
You could visit me and my family. We rely on the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) for our health insurance. It's our life-line.
P.S. I am a Hoosier. I vote. I'm paying VERY close attention to what happens to my family's health insurance & your next steps
your vote against him didn't matter this time, why should he care? You're gonna vote straight D no matter what
Because he works for her regardless.  Most senators want more people to vote for them not less.
they want ENOUGH to vote for them. And he got that, w/out promising to keep BHOcare. #repealobamacare
They could put people over profits and offer plans that fit the requirements. No one forced them out.
They didn't have to do anything. They CHOSE to drop out, thus putting additional pressure on the system.
And: "PHP said in a news release that individual insurance plans make up a small percentage of their business."
I see that you care more about corporations than actual constituents. You rather meet with them then have a townhall.
so when all these companies get a return on there investments in your campaign will you meet with us, your constituents?
He doesn't plan on holding a town hall meeting. He is too chicken to meet with constituents unless they agree with him.
HAD to or chose to? There IS a difference.
So why are you smiling?  Your constituents were hurt by this companies actions.  Life is more important than profits.
good to understand insurers point of view while also listening to your constituents.  Hold town to listen to us!  Thanks
Had to, or CHOSE to?
time for a town hall meeting. We're starting to think you can't explain your position.
Why did they drop out? Was it because profits were down? Poor rich people how sad.
That's the way to show who you care about! Photo op with an insurance company but won't hold town hall.
is there an alert for missing a senator??  Maybe we could call it a coward alert
Probably because Indiana purposely tried to cripple the ACA for political reasons. Don't repeal it. Fix it.
I donated $50.00 to Jon Ossoff campaign in your name today. Lotta dems will get elected while we wait for your town hall.
Again. When are you holding an event for your constituents.  Pretty disappointing.
Hello?  Where is Todd Young?  Hiding?
Instead of gunning for a full repeal, why don't you come up with a "better" alternative? That's what your constituents want.
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT! Stop using term Obamacare- enough people r confused. Don't add to it to help your agenda. #townhallmeet
Look at what happened to the risk corridors. You'll find out why companies left ACA.  TLDR: it was your Party that killed it
I'd like to hear what you've got planned to guarantee health coverage for all Americans. Preferably at a town hall in Gary.
Are you seriously pretending an insurance company is some poor, beleaguered waif? Plenty of companies do just fine in ACA.
Why don't you visit with your constituents next?
HAD TO DROP OUT OF THE ACA? Chose to because the CEO's needed bigger bonuses.  Health care companies should be not for profit.
Sounds like you are working with insurance companies - not for the people of IN when you choose to take away their healthcare
sucks to be a company losing ACA. Sure glad that's not happening to individuals, too - oh, wait, you want to repeal it.
hey great, you want to just start executing poor people now or wait for disease to do it?
call it by its real name: Affordable Care Act.  Seems they did ok for their shareholders, why the drop?
"Risk corridors."
or had to because congressional republicans blocked the risk adjustment payments meant to stabilize the young market?
Had to because they didn't price their products correctly? #UniversalHealthCare
When is the town hall? When will you stand up against Trump?
Didn't have to. They chose to. But I know, a NPO that had net assets ending 2014 at $44.8 billion must be in dire straits. 
how about meeting with your constituents who will be losing their coverage when you repeal the #ACA ?
Oh then it must be true @SenToddYoung one rich insurance company who could because of the GOP gutting it. IN pop. health is terrible
Visited PHP, an Indiana health insurance company that had to drop out of the Obamacare marketplace last year. 
I'm one of your constituents and I want you to know that #Obamacare saved my life. Why don't you talk about people like me??
Dropped out because of the GOP!
And by meeting them you agreed to their greedy perspective on serving the folks of Indiana?
do you plan on spending the whole week avoiding your constituents? I know we don't pay as much as Betsy DeVos, but still.
When is your next town hall in southern Indiana? Very interested in meeting with you.
Town Hall, please! Donnelly is meeting with constituents everywhere. You should, too!
please make sure you have a replacement for what you repeal, because many people are relying on the ACA at this time.
really why did they have to drop out tell the truth
From the photo it doesn't look like they're hurting for $. More wealthy patrons like @BetsyDeVos? #wheresTodd #TownHall
like Im supposed to be impressed? Time to reign in big money in Healthcare,  not cozy up to the crooks
oh, and btw, Im a hoosier who votes.
Didn't visit any of the thousands of Hoosiers that depend on Obamacare. #TownHall  #StopHiding
really, and what have you done in the last 8 yrs to make it better?  Did you offer suggestions, ideas, NOTHING you did NOTHING
you also have constituents that don't run health insurance companies - when will you meet with us?
I'm sure If you let your constituents know the next place/person you're meeting we will meet you there. #ImpromptuTownHall
This does not legitimize an Obamacare repeal.  Fix, don't destroy!
Why did so many IN employers abandon PHP?
Our business had PHP policy for many years.  The premiums are very expensive.
because their price was too high to begin with
and when will you meet with the rest of us? #whereistoddyoung
did they have to drop out, or just couldn't make record profits from it?!?
Why did they drop out?  Only making millions instead of billions?
If Senate Republicans hadn't blocked funding of the risk corridor program they and the co-ops would have been fine. Town hall?
Talk to your constituents for the real story. Stop letting business scratch your back as you serve their interests alone.
Wish I could have dropped out. Hopefully this repeal and replace will move along quickly
Protect Hoosiers by protecting  the #ACA. Repair not #repeal. Vote for people not profits!
When are you meeting with constituents?
"had to"?  Why exactly?  Please improve and enhance ACA rather than yanking the rug out from the currently insured.
and then?
Visit your constituents who are regular working people instead of businesses that put money in your pocket.
Why did they have to drop out?
PHP has good coverage, physician owned, but some of the highest premiums in the industry. Not a surprise. #onepayer
