Poverty in Indianapolis has doubled in recent years
We also have issues with fetal and infant mortality, food insecurity and a heavily segregated city
It is HARD to make a good living in Indiana in general - I am 32 and most of my friends left and took their degrees with them
Thank the "right to work" for less legislation passed by Gov. Daniels as his parting gift.
Thank you Mitch Daniels for setting Indiana on path to an incredibly low unemployment rate and great business climate.
Anyone in Indiana who wants a job can find one. Not the case everywhere...
Wage growth in IN lags behind the rest of the country's since the Recession. Indiana had the 9th slowest wage growth in the U.S.
But everyone can find a job. Under a Sanders utopia, what would wage growth look like? Do we have any examples?
U can thank Trump 4 that.

Still losing :)
You need to check your data genius.
U need 2 check real data.
Why u tards get no RSPECT.
Ahhh...can't spell, cap lock, and name calling.  You're either a Trump supporter or a bot.  #Sad
Go get a 3 letter word JOBS cupcake. 
Time  2 leave the parents basement.
Yup...definitely a bot.  #reported
Thank you, @BarackObama!!
Are you taking Obama for all his scandals and everything that went bad during his time?????
Okay. Whataboutism.  Seeing a lot of this lately.  Please help me understand what Obama "scandals" you are referring to.
But you obviously are.I don't waste my time on fools. Goodbye
And here comes the name-calling. Where does that get us?  I do wish you well and we should do our best to remain curious and of open mind.
Nah I said I don't waste my time on fools. But thanks. You too Hoosier. I'm no lapdog nor did I vote for him in general.
Welcome to Indy, where we have the most meth labs and the worst water pollution than any other state #MethLabs #Pollution #DeVosVote
Indiana, where ppl won't bake a cake unless we can peek in your bedroom to make sure you're only having hetero sex. #RFRA

#EmptyThePews
Hey trump boot licker Todd (don't let my supporters know I'm from elitist Carmel) Young:
United Nations Statement
UN issues formal warning to the US over racism issues, a rare move often used to signal potential of civil conflict http://u.afp.com/4uFv  
It's also where Republicans are too scared to hold Town Hall meetings with their constituents.
Also where pp like you just like to go  to town halls to be uncivil and disrespectful
You are a liar
But how many of those jobs actually pay a living wage and offer decent benefits?
Also near record lows: income growth, IN ranks 42nd by @CommerceGov. Youd know that if u met w #Hoosiers. When r u going to hold a townhall?
IN wages are so low that 72% of Purdue graduates go to NY and CA  after graduation. IN: Educating engineers for other states!
Support the President!
And our @vp privatize the Toll Road, then received 100k in campaign $$$. Company went bankrupt,,PENCE where the cash? Todd wants same $$$
We got the money up front, 3.8 billion if I'm not mistaken, plus the company pays for maintenance... Seems like a win to me.
You obviously don't have to use this Road. It's run by incompetence
You already forgetting about those major businesses that almost packed up over gay rights when @VP was Governor? I didn't forget.
Like Sales Force, who bluffed, then rapidly expanded.
Like Angie's List that didn't go through with an expansion costing $40M in economic activity.
Angie's List wasn't financially solvent. Didn't get the govt. infusion of $ they lobbied for. What's next on list?
That wasn't apparent in 2015 and they looked good on paper. And you are forgetting that GOP CAVED on the bill before Salesforce expanded.
Take a good look at Angie's financial history. Burned $. 1 quarterly profit posted. Competition charged $0 for subscription.

@sentoddyoung Like the men and women of Vichy France who began their collaboration  with the Nazis seventy-seven years ago, from now on, https://twitter.com/BillMoyers/status/901560636798246912 …
You'd do much better supporting  your President to make America great again, oh my mistake YOU do support Trump, great choice Todd!
Except for people with disabilities

I dare you to ask him in public. Love 2 watch him chew up those talking points & hit you with some truth. Dont think you have the balls tho.

Welcome to Indiana, home of some of the biggest dickheads in the country.
HEY TODD, don't forget INDIANA is the 2nd WORST STATE,,to grow OLD IN!
Do you even know what rural Indiana looks like Senator?  You are out of touch with most Hoosiers
Indy great.  How about Laporte, St. Joseph, Starke and Pulaski counties.  Indiana has more than Marion County c
No thanks to you!
The water and air are shamefully dirty, and there's a drug and STD epidemic. Also literally every road is crumbling.
Low taxes?   My property and income taxes have increased over the last few years, while our schools are starving for money.
WHAT? You just raised the Gas Tax 10¢. City taxes going up. Don't piss on my leg & tell me it's raining.
Don't forget that pin head moron Pence left. That helped alot
Why are unemployment and GDP the only things republicans use to gage wellbeing of a population?
Don't forget tomorrow, we are pleading with Young to spare our community college @IvyTechCC
Our schools suck, our roads are crumbling, an AIDS crisis, heroin and meth are rampant, our senator won't hold public meetings.
Your party has made it nearly impossible for some to vote, infant mortality is on the rise, our last governor legalized discrimination.
We give huge tax cuts to corporations so they can ship jobs overseas because your party encourages it.
Hundreds of thousands of Hoosiers would lose health insurance if you had your way.
It's not like you've passed a single law that has helped Hoosiers.
No thanks to you Todd!
True, but they're mostly low wage.
You are so smug. Why not bring some of that attitude to a Town Hall? Answer for your healthcare votes that hurt Hoosiers!
and President Obama's strong move's to save the economy from Republican championed deregulation #ThanksObama
Don't forget, also near record lows: Indiana's ranking on a range of health measures! (https://www.americashealthrankings.org/explore/2015-annual-report/measure/Overall/state/IN …)
Yes! When are you going to meet your constituents in a public arena, a town hall, if you are so confident in Indiana's trajectory?
& little 2 no environmental regs let alone enforcement of the ones we hav. IN chronically ranks last in environmental quality & qual of life
How many of the jobs include health insurance? Not full time employment, hence  "great business environment" how about the worker?
TOWNHALL
Also added a nice 10 cents/gallon gas tax. Gee that isnt regressive.
Low taxes? Compared to what states? Property tax assessments are stupid and we are taxed 10 different way.
Indiana has been pushing regressive tax policies for years. Taxes and fees keep taking a greater % of lower payed.
Thank you President Obama
At least Sen Sanders isn't afraid to stand before a room full of people whereas you refuse to have any Town Halls! Grow up and prove yourse

And you want to strip Hoosiers of health care.
Another photo op without facing your constituents. Another day without condemning the menace in the White House.
OUT OF TOUCH, let's have a townhall and talk about Indianapolis.  Hoosiers are working hard and to the bone. You are a TrumpStamp. 
Public services are inadequate
Medicare for all so businesses can be more competitive on world stage & raise employees wages

Funny guy Todd...He who attempts to repeal healthcare for Hoosiers! Fail.
What about the rest of this great state?
Did you meet with @SenSanders or hide like you've been doing
what low taxes? what happened to 5% sales tax and no tax for stupid stadiums and such? how about all those road taxes?  income taxes?
He means for corporations.  You know, his true constituents.  Wonder how many meetings he's had with THEM to hear their thoughts.
Thanks Obama!
And some of the lowest wages in the country, so lots of crap jobs making the rich richer!
Oh sure, the business environment's great but it sucks for workers! Too bad all these jobs you tout don't pay a living wage!
Not in SW Indiana!
Welcome Sen Young to dreamworld. Indiana has lost more jobs in the past 10 years than 47 other states. Unemployment reports 14%. Just read!!
are these jobs service industry jobs that don't pay a livable wage and have zero benefits???

Phucking LOVE!
The economy is like a supertanker, hard to stop once moving. Obama got it turned around from Bush's disaster. And you want to claim it ?
Sir, your words have zero merit/credibility, if you did not denounce 45 in 2016 as he claimed "real" unemployment was 20%+ under Obama.
Where the middle class is disappearing because all these jobs are barely enough to live on. Get real @SenToddYoung
When is your next town hall Senator?
While riding on Obama coattails.
Welcome Bernie. Please enjoy your visit.
Lol.
Now to arrest the Socialist, for anti-American Communist Idiology and doctrinal precepts. The very presence of a Commie is anti-American.
A Socialist is not a Communist.
How's KS doing vs CA?
Yes, feel free to ask Grover Norquist what a spectacular failure the Brownback model was
I don't understand the snark, @SenToddYoung. Show some class and be a good host.
He doesn't know how
Thanks Obama!!! #ACA #AffordableCareAct #GreatRecession #AutoIndustryBailOut
No thanks to you or the GOP!
Our schools are over crowded and we are paying for kids to go to religious schools.  #voucherssuck
Because Jesus.  
The current economy has nothing to do with our current mess if an administration.  #thanksobama.
And how does our average wage compare to other states?
Not good. Right to Work is called that to fool stupid people. Hey casinos pay $9.00/hr so u have the right to work 3
Yet most Of Indiana's educated youth has to leave to find jobs that find pay what they are worth. @SenToddYoung  stop taking out of your ass
Unemployment has nothing to do with earning a living wage! Employment is up because Hoosiers are working multiple jobs!
Sounds like businesses are making out great, but what about workers? You should ask Bernie bout that.
Nailed it
"Great business environment" =  low wages and bad benefits/protections for people that aren't rich.
Good one, Todd!
Despite those things
It would be nice if we could welcome our own @SenToddYoung to the State for a Town Hall!! Where are you Senator???
What, so y'all can be uncivil? Yep
You didn't mention anything about wages: http://www.ibrc.indiana.edu/ibr/2010/spring/article1.html …
Today would be a good day for @realDonaldTrump to resign.
If he wants to understand the true difference, tell him to ask Illinois how many businesses left them for Indiana.
Throwing shade today I see
We dont need your smart a__ remarks. Arrogance of GOP is astounding.The economy is from Obama era.Trump has donr nothing but break democracy
Also. Is This how you reach across the isle? We are sick of gridlock ideology and lies. Indiana can go blue........
and wages are low so people are able to work 2 and 3 jobs to support a family. p.s. don't drink the water and watch the pot holes.
hey @sensanders, can you talk THIS senator into doing a town hall?
No because many of you just want to be uncivil an rude
You misspelled "Thanks, Obama!"
Senator Young, why be a dick?
Default setting
#THANKSOBAMA
Take the time to enjoy capitalism Mr socialist sanders
Then why the urge to lower corporate taxes?
And the Obama Recovery!
Is that socialist is my state?? !_!  :/
