How are you thoroughly vetting him. How are YOU doing this?
I find it ironic you can pump videos out on this every day, but you can't listen to your constituents re. DeVos.
or have a town hall meeting with us.
Or even pick up the damn phone.
Sounds like your vote is decided already. What a surprise.
so companies being people, no separation of church and state, fascism, and eliminating worker rights are constitutional?
is fascism mainstream now?
educate yourself re Founding Father Thomas Jefferson Islam/Muslim impact religious freedom n America>
Your vote to confirm Devos is going to cost you your Senate seat. Hoosiers WILL NOT FORGET!!!!
Gorsuch is NOT mainstream.
I agree with the choice of Neil Gorsuch.
Plz vote no against DeVos. Her inexperience will hurt our nation's children and discourage our teachers.
Senate Rs denied Pres Obama's last SC nominee the courtesy of a vote; where were the ethics for all those senators?
NO!
not mainstream actually but Garland was a qualified respected moderate
it's not too late to make the right decision and vote no on #BetsyDeVos. It's what is right for Indiana, and you know this.
Like Scalia: protect corporations, not people; religious beliefs > health care, gut Voting Rights Act, big money in politics
sounds like the GOP and Gorsuch's view of constitutional are very different than the authors of it.
let's get this judge confirmed! Learn from Harry Reid and "get er done"
Things are different now. All ages, races are awake, watching and keeping score on you. 6 years go by fast. #wontforget.
THROUGHLY VETTING RIGHT! I'Ma Hoosier, I vote, and am not supportive of Gorsuch...NOT, SIMPLY NOT, MAINSTREAM. DO YOUR WORK.
answer your emails, answer your phone calls, answer us on Twitter what about your vote on Betsy
Let's agree to seat Gorsuch when there's a second vacancy, but only if Scalia's seat goes to Garland as it should have
you received 46,800. From DeVos. Hoosiers are paying attention and we are the ones who put you in Washington.
actually, it was more like $78,000
you're a joke. Enjoy being a one term senator sell out. $48,600... sounds like you already did your "vetting".
No one is buying what you're trying to sell. How much did you get paid for this vote?
not sure on this one but here's what Betty paid him. nice to know your more about money than us
good! Children deserve a choice to find a great education. Here comes school vouchers for all !!
@CannonballRoll 
Don't like that #Gorsuch ran his mouth against @POTUS.We don't need another John Roberts. #RescindNomination.
I strongly disagree with you!  and as a Indiana voter I recommend you vote no for Gorsuch!
he believes that corporations should have the same rights as individuals and the ability to discriminate
what about your vote on Betsy DeVos
Neil Gorsuch has been a fascism fanatic since high school. If you support him you support fascism.
Will he uphold Roe v. Wade? If not, vote no. #SCOTUS #GorsuchNomination #prochoice
No NO on Gorsuch!! Bad choice....
are you going to go down with trump.
Wrong.
As a parent of a child with special needs. I ask you to vote NO on DeVos. You Rep. 4  us or we vote someone in who will.
As an Indiana resident, I trust you will rep us and confirm Gorsuch ASAP
Your mailbox for your constituents to voice their concerns if FULL, thanks for making sure our voices are heard
He is the right man for the job. If only your leftist counter part could see that also
enjoy your term. It will be your only one. #VOTEYOUNGOUT2022!!!
too bad you didn't vet the completely unqualified DeVos or listen to your constituents. #NoToDevos #wearewatching
you are not listening to the people who put you there.  I was not one of them
Do your job
answer your phones.
#noDevos  Answer your phone and listen to us. We will put our $ to run a liberal woman in IN-9 then come after you.
I believe you the Senate should give him the same careful consideration they gave Merrick Garland. Shame on the Republicans!
are you sure you know what "mainstream" means?
Gorsuch sides with corporations against women. Vote NO
wrong!
not voting for you if you support this, and I'm in Fort Wayne try me!!
You need to worry about DeVoss and you being reelected here in Indiana! Give our kids a chance! Please vote NO!
This may be true. The problem: this is a stolen seat.
Didn't take you long join the zombie Republican lockstep march. Sad
#NoDevos ! #NoSessions Grow a pair of #LadyBalls and #StandUpToTrump #EqualityForAll
- Your constituents disagree. Merrick Garland is the correct choice for #SCOTUS
just saying since DeVos paid you $46,800, we the people can do better. We know you can be bought, whats your price. #resist
how much does it take to buy your vote? Im sure we can raise enough money to get you to do right by your constituents. #resist
The same Neil Gorsuch who called Merrick Garland "among the finest lawyers of their generation"? 
http://www.upi.com/Justice-White-and-judicial-excellence/72651020510343/ …
do the right thing and vote no on Betsy DeVos. This is not a time to stick with your party.
will you thoroughly vet DeVos for Ed. Secretary? More importantly, will you listen to your constituents who oppose her nom?
what do you say about the Republicans who wouldn't take a vote for Obama's nominee?
Your stand re 'beginning of their terms' is total bs just like you taking $48,000 from DeVos & not recusing yourself is bs.
no to Devos, no to Sessions, no to Price, no to Pruitt, no to Gorsuch. We are watching and organizing.
Since your phone NEVER gets answered, I would say Gorush is  fine, BUT DeVos is a NO vote! We love our Public Schools zip46368
Will you condemn the #MuslimBan?
.@SenToddYoung Will it be as "thorough" as your #BetsyDeVos vetting?
like the way you vetted Betsy DeVos? Lining your pockets?
you are lying.  Gorsuch is FAR from a mainstream choice. Just because you say it doesn't mean it's true.
Thank you, Sen. Young. I agree that Judge Neil Gorsuch is the man for the job. He will be an excellent Supreme Court Justice.
You should give Merrick Garland a hearing first! @POTUS
DeVos will be bad 4rural Indiana schools...  u should consider that just like Murkowski. If not we all know ur price is $48000
Your saving grace is that you're so inconsequential you won't actually be named by history books as one of Trump's enablers.
mainstream my ass
you mean like you failed to vet Betsy DeVos?  Hopefully you'll do a better job on round 2. #NotoDeVos
mainstream, my ass. He is regressive and your constituents will remember how quickly you betrayed them.
better start listening to your constituents....otherwise this is going to be a painful term for you. Devos money helps I bet
no hearing. If Garland couldn't get one, this guy can't either
no he isn't! You need to stand up and vote no on DeVos. My children and yours will suffer along with millions others!!!
his children won't I'm sure...special privilege.  He seems ready to sell our kids down the river though. #$48,000
your probably right! Load of pigs depriving ours! @SenToddYoung
No on Betsy DeVos. Please
there is nothing mainstream about the Hobby Lobby decision.
nope. He's a white supremacist. I will never vote for you and I'm ashamed that you represent Indiana.
Gorsuck is a religious zealot who does not obey the US Constitution. Dems will filibuster & keep this clown off SCOTUS.
There is no such thing as mainstream. He is, however, certainly to the right of the existing court.
he is not a mainstream choice, he elevates big business over people and your support for him will hurt our country
he's not mainstream.  You need to listen to your constituents.
no he is not and you should not allow #Trump to pick a #SCOTUS
you wont answer the phone, will you be at the Klan meeting tonight?
you are quite the heroic egg 
If you would have refused Garland a vote, then shame on you. If you would have called for hearings, kudos.
please don't hand your vote over to make Pence look good casting the dividing vote on this.
your phones too busy to answer? I hope so.
He is in Palm Springs getting money....
The will of this Hoosier is that you vote "no" on Gorsuch and DeVos. So far Mattis is the only Trump pick that isn't insane.
While we have you here, where do stand on Jeff Sessions? Is he able to to enforce the laws, given his close ties to DJT?
only if he stands for the rights of all Americans, not just the Christian Right and protects the separation of church & state
It's interesting how far to the right 'mainstream' is now. Gorsuch should be treated every bit as fairly as Garland was.
DeVos- please represent our children and vote NO.
I not only won't vote for you I will fight for anyone running against you.  Ashamed you represent Indiana.
@ealight461 @SenToddYoung 

Same for me!
That vote is a way off...Where is your public statement on DeVos? Inquiring minds want to know...
DeVos probably contributed to his campaign.
$48,000
"more conservative than 87% of Federal justices" is *not* "a mainstream choice," Senator. https://twitter.com/adamschilton/status/826941400616935424 … #p2 #MAGA
Based on past donations, Gorsuch is more conservative than 87% of federal judges. @nytimes drawing from our project on ideology of lawyers. 
Which is more important individual rights or corporate rights? Just wondering...
and what about students right to education? NM, we already know you don't care. #NotoDeVos
"vetting"?  $46,800 is the going rate --
excellent use of "s.  He certainly didn't vet DeVos.
What about DeVos?
