We urged you to vote for clean repeal.
You sold out Ohio last night Rob.
Yes! and I urge you to protect our #healthcare for Ohio and this Republic
Stop pretending to be patriotic. This wasn't a battle of ideas. And you sided with 20% increase in premiums and 16M losing health ins.
You low-life you voted for that bill yesterday 200000 Ohioians would have had no medical insurance
Like you did to #RepealAndReplace ? #fraud
We urge YOU to Vote NO on #HealthCareFreedomAct. Hope @POTUS listens to you more than you listen to us. #SaveMedicaid #IStandWithPP
Trump should not sign this bill until you put a healthcare bill on his desk
It won't happen
Get ready for the retaliation against the US for these sanctions. It will cost businesses economically and jobs. You warmongers never learn
All #Ohioans urged you not to kill babies, but you still voted to do it. "Urging" is purely symbolic, Baby Killer!
And when Trump vetoes, pardons himself and fires Mueller will you have the courage to impeach him? Or will you let him remain above the law?
Past history shows that you always choose party over country. You should be run out of office with him.
Are all these tweets to distract us from the fact that you voted to take away our heath care?
And I urge you to vote "no" on this ridiculous legislation to take healthcare away from millions of Americans.
the Iranian people support #Trump on that no doubt #Iran #MaryamRajavi #Syria #IRGC
Who are you to urge anyone to do anything? You promised Ohioans you were going to #RepealAndReplace! Where was your urgency to help Ohians?
Kudos on the sanctions though odd you guys feel the need to do that yet still say Russia is a big "nothingburger"...
You wimped out again on health care. Fortunately, courageous Senators Collins, Murkowski, and McCain voted NO on skinny repeal. We won! Yay.
#VoteNo
HOW MUCH ARE YOU GETTING PAID TO BE A TRAITOR TO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND TO THE MAN WE VOTED http://FOR.YOU  WILL B OUT!!!
And I urge Senator Rob Portman to vote NO on the Skinny Bill. In all my life, I've   never seen a more convoluted Congress than this one.
A pathetic GOP group we have in DC supposed to be leading our country & working 4 us! Anyone voting yes should be given a 1-way ticket home.
We urged you to vote no on Trumpcare and you didn't listen. You think this man child president cares what your urge him to do?
#coward
ah yes casually ignoring the healthcare mess?

When is the world going to impose #sanctions on America? http://sptnkne.ws/eZPY  
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first & last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
Coward.
You have no credibility with me now, Senator.
And that's what you were thinking about a few hours before you TRIED to sentence your constituents to death?? #skinnybill #healthcare
YOU AND THE OTHERS THAT VOTED AGAINST REPEAL&REPLACE WILL B VOTED http://OUT.YOU  ALL HAD 7 http://YRS.YOU  R TRAITORS.
Cool. And your constituents urged you not to vote for repeal without replacement but look how that turned out.
His constituents voted him into office and reelected him to repeal Obamacare.
Why antagonize them more. Why not try to cooperate with other countries instead of trying to enforce our ideals on the world.
Our insurance was affordable with more choice before ocare.
And we urged you to vote no on health care bill.  You came through loud and clear. Greed, help the big guy, screw the little guy.
YOU have left out healthcare. Are you selling out Americans?
I urge @senrobportman to provide all of us with proper healthcare.




What an easy little lift when practically 100% of Congress voted for this. You are no hero or savior for Ohio. #healthcare
I urge you to vote no on the repeal bill and put an end to this.


I am a constituent. What will YOU do if he doesn't? Will YOU stand with America? Will YOU speak up? This is NOT normal. Stand for something
My you have a lot to say all of sudden. I'm certain Trump will do whatever you ask since your nose is so far up his ass.
Pls Save ACA & FIX IT...Rename it USA CARES....LIKE CBS CARES...Don't kick 32 mil ppl off, or 22 ppl or 16 mil ppl off their healthcare for
I mean does he have a choice?? Come on senator stop trying to distract us from the healthcare vote!
how about urging him to resign
I urge you to vote against this terrible and immoral skinny bill.  Kicking 16mil off insurance and raising premiums 20% would be YOUR fault!
Hey, how did you vote for the Health care bill? https://shar.es/1Tebix 
https://twitter.com/marklevinshow/status/890671912791056386 …
#gonein2018
The greatest hoax http://fb.me/4Vwwetk2G 
What will you do if he doesn't?
Full repeal
We urge you to vote against the skinny repeal. Trying to bury your pro-repeal tweet, aren't you?
He should veto!
I urge you to #RepealACA
You should urge him to resign. He is a shameful president.
it don't matter you all have the votes, Don't need that crook in office get rid of him.
Vote no on the terrible Skinny Repeal bill. It will cause premiums to go up for the middle class. Work across the aisle to improve the ACA.
If he doesn't you should realize that he is #putins #puppet and you should move to #ImpeachTrump he is not a #president he is a #fool
GOP trying to pass something, ANYTHING, on healthcare 

But the argument now is: Vote yes as long as it won't end up in law 
You know he's going to veto right? He's afraid of what Putin will do if he doesn't appear to be trying to lift sanctions. Proud now?
I am thoroughly disgusted with a Russophile @POTUS whose staff communications are filled with X rated language.  When does GOP say STOP?
And our President? Focus on the big picture.
@POTUS was installed by Russia. They own him. He won't sign. They must own you & your party too, as you always do his bidding. #coward
I URGE YOU TO VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE!  It's not good for us. We don't want tcare. Can't you see????
Your distractions won't keep us from remembering how you vote. Ohio doesn't want your bullshit. We know you don't care about us.
Vote no for Ohio! Do what's right. Don't trust Ryan or Trump. They will ram this awful bill through and GOP senators will pay at the polls.
DEFLECTING, Rob. Not the hottest topic tonight and you know it.
So brave...except when their is controversy. SAD!!!
Americans were urging @POTUS to sign the repeal bill that you and 6 other Senators punked out on #FlipflopPortman
I urge you to vote NO on healthcare
Well you did him a solid by voting for that shit burger motion to proceed.
And what does it take to get you to listen to us. You ignore the majority of Ohioans.
I urge you to vote no on the #SkinnyRepeal .  How do you think that's going to work for either of us?
You prince and leader, so bold about a bill that passed with bipartisan support of 98 votes. How about some real leadership on healthcare?
Huh. I think there's another bill being considered today, sir, one that's kind of important to the lives of your constituents.
I urge you to resign. You have failed OH #fakeconservative #fakerepublican
I urge "Portman the cuck" to stop obstructing the president's agenda. 
Trump has to check with Putin if he should sign the Russian sanctions bill
When you have to "urge" the President who is under Investigation for collusion & such. "Winning" has never looked so pathetic.
Rob have you always taken the easy road in life? Go along with the herd? Pick on others? Never stick up for anyone? Take away healthcare...
I urge YOU to vote NO on this 'Skinny' Repeal bill. It's awful; if you wouldn't sign it in to law today you shouldn't send it to the House.
Do something worthwhile,  like #Repeal #Obamacare
Congratulations!   You've officially terrorized more citizens in Ohio with your #SkinnyRepeal vote than North Korea
Wrong move senator. We don't need sanctions especially against Russia. Good grief.
A lot of Ohioans, me included, have urged you for weeks to lead & say NO to the broken senate process and bad health care laws. OH-05, 43606
.which of your on-the-record health care objectives do any of these bills accomplish? More insurers in more counties? Lower premiums?
Sen Portman, you have lost the people's trust.  Changing your vote to Repeal is the legacy of your Service in the Senate -  UR a disgrace.
Who the hell votes on a healthcare bill that affects millions of Americans as long as the House doesn't pass it? This is the BS ur pulling?
Unconscionable and effing unbelievable. Not one member of this @GOP deserves to serve Americans. Your party will fall with this admin.
Putin's Puppet will not sign it
Yep    And if not.....?
The president doesn't even know who you are Rob and doesn't care as long as you keep sitting like a nice little doggie
Yeah sign it into law to try too take more power away from the President
Lots of tweets from you today about NOT what Ohioans are focused on: THE ABILITY TO PAY FOR THEIR HEALTH CARE. Do you represent us or not?

https://action.groundswell-mvmt.org/petitions/health-care-for-all-let-s-fix-this …

Please sign and retweet as I don't want to die…
How much money did the pharmaceutical companies pay you to lie to your constituents about repealing ACA?
Just under $400,000.00
I'm honestly not surprised Cruz sold out for so little...
Well Rob did sell our children's futures for a $22,000.00 donation from Devos...

News: Senate Majority PAC, the main super PAC for Senate Democrats, raised $4.5M in first half of 2017. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/27/majority-pac-fundraising-241050 …

Looking forward to taking your questions during my Facebook Live town hall on healthcare this afternoon at 5:05pm → https://www.facebook.com/SenatorSherrodBrown/videos/324341527991114/ … 
God forbid Portman hosts town hall or answers any questions to anyone in Ohio.

Up next: a vote to protect Medicaid coverage - the #1 tool we have in the fight against opioids. 
The house will rubber stamp not-so-skinny repeal and it will become law. You must really think premiums are too low for Ohioans... Shame!

This fight isn't over. #StayLoud & demand @senrobportman #ProtectOurCare & #StopTrumpcare: 844-432-0883 #KillTheBill 
Just like we urged you to vote NO on healthcare bill? Look how that turned out.

http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/trump-administration-used-public-funds-to-sabotage-obamacare.html … 
I really wish you would stop trying to normalize him
Vote NO on this skinny repeal nonsense- it's a hot mess. Start over, fix the ACA with bi partisan input and hearings- use common sense! Geez
Can we PLEEEEASE have a signing ceremony with POTUS taking every last once of his strength to push pen to paper?  I would DVR that for sure.
I urge you to not vote for this skinny repeal!
It is the will of the people, as the vote signifies.

This Senator Isn't Letting A Cancer Diagnosis Slow Her Fight To Save Obamacare - HuffPost http://crwd.fr/2uHcd1D 
You meet him but he'll say screw you just like you're saying to the health care for the elderly the kids and vets
Ohio urges you to resign #RecallPortman
And if tRump doesn't sign it...impeach him. And if he does sign it...Pee pee tape will be released. Win win
Quite the tweetstorm today. Don't bother - we see you. We hold you responsible. You're against OH, and we will make sure everyone remembers.
Can you believe the fact that the Justice Department is attacking civil rights on LGBT too. Rob chooses Party over country AND family. WOW
Any thoughts on the male preening going on on the White House today?
@senrobportman  
What is your stance if he vetoes?
And we urge you to put country over party and ensure everyone has access to health care.
Treasonous traitor @realDonaldTrump's biggest supporter in Congress.... 
you guessed it, #ConMan @senrobportman!!! 

#PortmanRussia
I urge you to listen to your constituents and vote NO on any legislation regarding healthcare that is being dealt with in this shady manner.
And we've been urging you to protect our #healthcare and #SaveACA, but a lot of good that's done us...
Um, yeah, you really need to say that?  When are we having a #PortmanTownHall
and what will you do if he uses his power of Veto???
