how can you be so out of touch with what your constituents actually need?
what the fuck is wrong with your shitty party? If they don't have to pay overtime, they won't. You're all so out of touch
So the ones who would have benefited from the regulation arent hard working Americans? Because I work hard, and this hurts me
BS
so $4.2M Americans find out they aren't worth the extra money and you cheer? Disgusting.
isn't THIS is how Trickle Down is s'posed to work? OT pay taxed benefits State & Worker's budgets. Trickle Down is Big Lie
Good News? Not for the person working in a minimum salary job!
are u sure hard working Americans who are forced to work overtime hours for free think this is good news? May I see the data?
I've been personally hurt by this. I'm a hard working American. This only helps the rich. This is why you're detested.
ITA @SenPatRoberts Ignoring the fact OT pay is taxed, benefits state & worker's budgets - disposable income that is spent!
how is this good news for working Americans? Your logic is terrifying.
@missb62 What a load of crap. Why screw the working man out of overtime?
screwing the working man out of overtime enriches the wealthy bosses. DUH.
anyone guilty of conservatism should have their property confiscated and redistributed to real Americans.
why don't I deserve to be paid for all of my work?
wow., dude, who's been in congress for 35 years, just gave a big ole eff-you to the working class. Welp y'all made him king.
how is that good news for 'hard working Americans'?
I too believe that there's nothing wrong with child labor and slavery.
you're disgusting
Senator, why do you hate hard working Americans so much?
"Come now you rich, weep and wail for the miseries that are comping upon you"
James 5:1-5 ...Behold, the wages of the laborers, which you kept back by fraud are crying out against you.
Wage-earning employees ARE the job creators, and you clearly detest them.
Jerk ...
Employees are the MOST important resource for any business > conscientious pay is not a job killer ...
Can you explain how blocking much-needed overtime pay is good for hard-working Americans? But without lying or spinning it?
Well, not the hard working Americans.
No it isn't good news for hard working Kansans you Scrooge. Thx for nothing from ppl who really needed xtra $$.
Really more hours for less pay is good news for hard working Americans? You eor

ok, how is not getting decent overtime wages good for hard working Americans? some of us are confused on that point. @SenPatRoberts
c'mon all you "tweeters". It's Republispeak; where up is down, etc. If they say "it's good for workers", it means opposite.
The only people happy about this are the fucking people making a killing off it. Labor gets fucked, as usual in the county.
how is it good news for hard working Americans? It's now ok again to NOT pay salaried employees for working over 50 hours
#hardworkingamericans will have to work even harder for less and you're glad? What's wrong with you? You should be ashamed.
-
.@SenPatRoberts' net worth = $3,131,013

He's 
cheering…
Exactly how is this good for "hard working Americans" who now won't be paid for their extra effort? It is good for Wall St
This is why you shouldn't vote GOP if you are not wealthy. These gutless politicians do NOT care about the working class.
That's a good corporate shill. Nicely done, Mr. Republican. Walmart & your other corporation overlords thank you.
KS voters, make him pay! Vote this guy out! Or are you going to sit there and take it like good little non paid workers?
Better headline: Senator worth 3mil dollars helps rich friends save money by making it so they don't have to pay a fair wage.
Bad news for hardworking Americans who will now be paid less thanks to you. They will remember. Happy Thanksgiving, turkey.
You have, again, betrayed your constituents. And right in time for the holidays! You are vile.
How is it good for workers if they don't get paid overtime? Lol.
Dear Kansas,
Vote this bum out. YOU have the power, not him. Hold him accountable, he is not in this for you.
yeah, I mean, who wants to get paid for their work? Losers, that's who.
Very specifically, how is this good news?  Can you quantify this or is it an insipid talk no point with zero to back it up?
: A lawmaker worth nearly $3m cheering that 98,000 Kansans earning less than $47,476 now won't get paid for working overtime.
No its not. You can't be that dumb
Oh yes! Let's go back to the slack rules that let co's get away without paying people for working >40 hours. Good Republican!
good for hard-working Americans?!?!? You just screwed hard-working Americans.
it's actually the exact opposite for hard working americans. Shame on you
how on God's green earth is this good news for hard working Americans?
explain how it's good for hardworking Americans?
That's bullshit, "Senator". Those hard working Americans are going to have to work harder for NOTHING, thanks to you!
Idiot.
Great!  Who needs overtime anyway.
you realize people making under 47k won't be paid now right?
not the hard workers who get exploited by their employers to work 50+ hour weeks on salary but, sure.
Great news hard workers, you won't be getting paid extra for all that hard work
hates workers.
You suck at your job.
