Then stop trying to legislate the rights of LGBT people out of existence.
You can do more than throw in thoughts and prayers. YOU are capable of making change.
Why don't you 'think and pray' about giving that $1,584,153 back to the NRA?
.@SenPatRoberts You don't care about LGBTQ, Senator. You have $44,585 that say so and money talks.
would you please start wearing an NRA placard on your suit jacket, going forward?  Thanks.
why have u accepted thousands of $ in donations from the NRA? Why did you reject the 2013 background checks bill?#Orlando
Your a $300,000+ hypocrite with blood on your hands
As an lected official owned by @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
that's not enough, Pat. Take on the few who have hijacked the NRA for their profit.
A
And yet you voted against a measure for stricter background checks.
.@SenPatRoberts Your #ThoughtsAndPrayers are meaningless. It’s time to start doing what's RIGHT, not what the @NRA pays you to do!
Give back the boatload of cash you got from the NRA and vote to protect citizens from gun violence.
you will never get my support until you're off the NRA tit and help fix this!!!
keep your hypocritical prayers unless u donate $1.5 M of #NRABloodMoney to victims& enact  meaningful gun reform #Enough
your thoughts & prayers are worthless when you vote against the safety of the people you were elected to represent #Orlando
How many #republicanthoughtsandprayers does $1.5 mil of NRA blood money buy? Go back to VA. Oh, wait...
that should solve the problem.     Dick
Prayers aren't enough. What have YOU done to stop mass shootings? Stand up to the NRA & reinstate the Assault Weapons Ban
Thoughts and prayers are equivalent to staying silent. Silence = bloody hands.
-less thoughts and more action VOTE FOR BAN AGAINST ASSAULT RIFLES! No hunter uses them except to hunt HUMANS!
Enough of your hypocritical "thoughts and prayers."  You have blood on your hands.
.@SenPatRoberts Save your prayers.You'll need them to keep your job.Give money back to the NRA.You have the blood of 50 people on your hands
Seriously? Your thots & prayers?? Do something concrete like pushing for legislation against easy access to assault weapons.
listen old chap do you think you might consider banning military type weapons because otherwise this will happen daily
I think you and Franki should start praying for yourselves and your failures to protect the people of this nation
You could also send back your NRA  money and actually do something to protect people.  Better than empty prayers.
#VictimsRightsMatterMore than #thoughts and #prayers stand up to the gun lobby!
Prayers are empty words unless you take responsibility. Love God and love God's beloved children. Guns=idols.
You are complicit @SenPatRoberts Kindly quit your job, your services are no longer required
is it hard to look in the mirror at yourself today? Nobody believes your empty condolences. I'm embarrassed for you.
Glad you suddenly give a crap about LGBT Americans... How about after praying you do something to curb gun violence?
You received $322,453+ from the NRA. Your prayers are tainted because you pocketed money for the lives of innocent people.
instead of praying do something. And stop taking money from NRA. Your hands are bathed in blood.
Does your wife know that you keep these guns on the street with your votes? 50 people dead. you are part of the reason why.
You rejected hate crime classification against LGBT. You refuse to ban semi-automatic guns. You condone "horrific violence".
good try... Quit accepting @NRA money, prayers do nothing... Actions do. 70% want better gun laws
as your constituent,I pray that you will admit your mistakes and work toward sensible gun laws.You can prevent future attacks
Yet I assume you won't be sending back your pile of @NRA blood money #lawsnotprayers #doyourjob
in order to pray, you have to fold your hands, but yours are full of NRA blood money, so I doubt you actually did.
After all the @NRA money you have accepted? Your prayers fall on deaf ears. You have blood on your hands. #NotOneMore
You foment hatred against gays but NOW you care? #TooLittleTooLate
you forment hatred against gays but NOW you care? #TooLittleTooLate
Cha-Chinggg! 
.@SenPatRoberts Hypocrite.
do something other  then send prayers!
that $322k from the  @NRA ought to buy a lot of #thoughtsandprayers. Go home (which isn't in Kansas, btw)...
your thoughts & prayers mean nothing since you took over $1,500,000 from NRA to do nothing. Hypocrite.
please read Matthew 6:5 And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray...to be seen by others...
Then direct your thoughts and actions towards rejected $ from the NRA and put commonsense laws in place. #Bloodonyourhands.
no more prayers -- you have the power to take action -- assault weapon ban!!
and after your #ThoughtsAndPrayers you will go to DC and start working on gun legislation to at least ban AR15s?
Ken Burns on Trump at Stanford's commencement https://youtu.be/7F8zCQ4YnZ8  via @YouTube
Thanks for attention to #KenBurns Stanford commencement speech on #Trump
why don't you blow Wayne from the nra
Send all that money back to the NRA. Send your vote to stand up against guns. Get a backbone and do the right thing.
save your fake sympathy for those who would actually believe it.
Thoughts & prayers for #Orlando? Maybe you can gag on the $322,453 you took  from the NRA that makes mass shootings possible.
Franki is out getting Tea bagged by #NraThugs #FOH #NRASukka
Prayers do nothing. Do your job, make stricter gun laws, prevent these tragedies!
You hate us. Stop pretending #gopfakers
How about condemning gun violence?
take your thoughts and prayers and shove them. How about standing up to the NRA you brainless twit?
You're useless. Hopefully the people in your state will wake the fuck up and fire you.
fuck you
how's that NRA blood money treating you? How's it feel you helped a terrorist kill Americans? #Treason
You make me sick!!! You send your thoughts and prayers and still take blood money from the NRA. IT'S YOUR FAULT!
The @NRA owns your mind, body and soul.
I think you will find
When your death takes its toll
All the money you made
Will never buy back your soul
Let me ask you one question
Is your money that good?
Will it buy you forgiveness
Do you think that it could?
You hide in your mansion
While the young people's blood
Flows out of their bodies
And is buried in the mud
You fasten all the triggers
For the others to fire
Then you sit back and watch
When the death count gets higher
screw you hypocrite......blood money from the NRA and you have the balls to offer prayers? I live in KS by the way....
You put a gun in their hand
And you hide from our eyes
And you turn and run farther
When the fast bullets fly
With your record on gun control, I hope you are wearing a Kevlar helmet when your prayers hit the ceiling & ricochet back.
Take tons of money from NRA. Offer prayers for victims. Try not letting people on the terrorist watch list have guns!
Come u masters of war..
U that hide behind walls
U that hide behind desks
I just want U 2 know
I can see through ur masks
Much easier to think and pray than actually work to stop this. How about a 500% tax on bullets, if you don't have any balls?
.@SenPatRoberts you lost the right to grieve for those lost when u made it your mission to vote against their lives.
How about instead of thoughts and prayers, you do something about guns, or is the 9900.00 the NRA gave you enough?
Oh shut the hell up. U cashed $11k from gun lobbies at the time of gun control vote. Spare us your senseless politics today.
Want to change this tragedy, make sure it never happens again, you have the power to do it.
Just another pig with his sow.
.@SenPatRoberts America is SICK of your thoughts and prayers! We want your action. Stand up and say #NotOneMore! #NoMoreExcuses #Enough
We dont need your phoney thoughts and prayers.  Not when you have accepted $300,000 from the NRA. @SenPatRoberts #gunsense
is there a reason you and your fellow Republicans aren't mentioning that the victims are LGBT?  #stopNRAnow
Whorefic that you do nothing to stop these because your political fund is heathier with the NRA's "donations".
your opposition to people on the terrorist watch list from getting guns made this shooting possible. Are you Proud?
you and Franki should maybe do something besides take money from the NRA.
Franki needs a husband capable of making good moral choices, like banning assault weapons after 27 kids are slaughtered.
Prayers dont bring lives back, America is a shithole and you're one of the biggest reasons.
thoughts and prayers won't stop the next shooter in US of A
well, the important thing is to staunchly defend your constitutional right not to have to reload mid-massacre, and NRA cash
Do you realize that you have been bought and paid for?
keep your thoughts. you've stood against LGBT rights in Kansas since you were in the House. we endure regardless
How about you stop accepting $300K+ from the @NRA and actually work to protect the citizens you swore to serve?
u are part of a party that promotes hatred and discrimination against the LGBT community. #wordsringhollow #fakeasscompassion
Thoughts and prayers from the infamous GOP template on responding to mass killings in America.
Everyone thought you'd retire years ago, but the money's too good, plus barcalounger. #GetOutofDC #GunsKillPeople  #BloodyGOP
I strongly recommend using your firearms to stimulate your prostate!   #fuckyourprayers #endtheNRA
You can buy a lot of things with +$320,000, but apparently not integrity. DO YOUR JOB.
WOW 322,453 is a lot of money you must be set for life, to bad the 50 poor soles in Orlando aren't, shame on you.
Your wallet is full of NRA money and the blood is on YOR hands. You are personally responsible
Not interested in thoughts & prayers, only interested in gun control. If we give you more than NRA will you do something?
.@SenPatRoberts Ur #thoughtsandprayers mean nothing. By taking NRA money & voting against gun control, you're complicit in #Orlando massacre
send your NRA blood money to the victims and do your job pass gun control NOW #ENOUGH #EndGunViolence
You are a hypocrite.
Their blood is on your hands.
F@ck you, you have blood on your hands, you are the NRA's bitch.
May GOD give you the strength and the courage to care more about our citizens than the NRA!
.@SenPatRoberts record setting NRA lobbying = the most fake tweet on Twittet today.
.@SenPatRoberts I want to apologize @joniernst at $2.8 million from @nra makes their contribution to you a pittance.

.@SenPatRoberts got $322,453+ in expenditures from @NRA, so his response to biggest mass shooting will be this tweet https://twitter.com/SenPatRoberts/status/742013786165415941 …
stop pretending to care. You take money and promote these events. This is your fault. We all blame you.
since you took $322,000 from the NRA you don't care. You're probably golfing today.
instead of praying, you should take that 300k you got from the nra, and maybe do something to prevent this from happening?
Your thoughts and prayers are worthless when you accepted $663,384 from the NRA in 2014. #corrupt.
keep enjoying your NRA money you hypocrite
Franki and I send our thoughts & prayers to the victims of today's horrific violence and their loved ones.
you can send them that $300,000+ too.
You don't get to take money from the NRA and then invoke God when NRA things happen.
Stop taking money from the @nra and voting against laws that could have prevented this. You should be ashamed.
Unfortunately God can't hear your prayers over the stacks of NRA cash you've surrounded yourself with
it's weak minded  politicians like you that made this happen
I'm sure you have 322,453 prayers for the victims.  Hard to pray with crossed fingers behind your back
Do something about this
NRA whore!
https://youtu.be/1FLGEr1zJYo?t=45s …
Sorry there weren't any transsexuals in the ladies room for you to rail on about
$322,453+in expenditures from @NRA, Wow,so you excepted payment to allow killings to continue..guilty man
i think the loved ones might appreciate laws ending this more than they would appreciate your thoughts and prayers.
What will it take to get Congress to pass meaningful gun reforms? is this enough? is 50 people dying enough to make a change?
your bible says us gays should be put to death. Isn't this an answer to your prayers? #liarsforjesus
Return the blood money. Save your meaningless thought and prayers. Act to control guns now.
Just when I thought I couldn't be more embarrassed by you "claiming" to be a Kansan, I learn that you are an NRA lapdog.
Gee, Florida has 1.3M concealed carrying citizens.   "Good men with guns" as the best defense does not work?
stop taking money from the @NRA. You have blood on your hands. SHAME ON YOU.
.@SenPatRoberts keep your useless fucking prayers and fix the problem.
blood is on your hands. Despicable 
the purpose of prayer is to align one for powerful action, NOT as a substitute for action.

If you have the power to do more and ALL you do is pray, then you're part of the problem. https://bruiserblog.com/2016/02/04/prayer-and-guns/ … #guns #pulseshooting
your thoughts and prayers mean nothing and do nothing. God will not change culture of gun violence. You can.
Are you going to give the NRA back the $9900 they gave you and start doing your job?
you support the NRA. You support crimes like this. Your thoughts and prayers are insulting and empty. Hypocrite!
Your prayers are not enough.
SHAME
Did you just copy and paste this from the last time there was a mass shooting? Your prayers are worthless. Do something.
how are you still mucking up the senate?
you're part of the problem. Stop praying and act. Blood is in your hands.
did the NRA pay you to say that too?
blood is on your hands. Stand up to the NRA. Say no to the NRA
