many prayers from SW Kansas
fingers crossed and catch the perp!!!
WE MUST BAND TOGETHER IN A MEANINGFUL WAY TO STOP THIS ANARCHY. LEADER NEEDED.
@PatriotBrother Prayers.
I'm really sorry about your fallen officer. Praying for his family  #copslivesmatter
May peace be with he, his family and friends.
I am so very sorry to hear that. Praying for him and his family. When will it end?
:(
I'm so sorry for your department's and his family's loss.
#BlueLivesMatter
Prayers for yall
Why was this not on national news? Is it too common?
Prayers
love blessings and prayers
Our Prayers for your fallen Officer and his Family.  Blue Lives and All Lives Matter!
Praying for Captain Melton's family and the KCKPD
So very tragic: we send profound sympathy to his family and friends. May the good memories of his life overcome present sorrow.
So, so sad!Prayers
prayers to all of you..
Rest peacefully sir. 
So sad!!!! Praying for our officers!
'This so sad! U people out their need to take responsibility and do something positive & support our law enforcement
Thank u and God bless u for asking for prayers. I'm sure God was with the officer.
The u for asking for prayers. I'm sure God was with the officer.
can't even begin to process this. So sorry from a KC area PD recruit.
Prayers for your officer, and all the men and women in blue risking their lives everyday to keep us all safe #BlueLivesMatter
Sending prayers from Massachusetts.
RIP
RIP:,C prayers to you and loved ones. This makes me sick how horrible
So sorry to hear that. I hope he recovers.
PRAYERS FOR BOB MELTON.  RIP
@KCKPDHQ so sorry. I grieve with you.
Prayers sent! Is there a description of the shooters?
So sorry, Chief.
Payers for all officers.
prayers from @ConwayPolice to your officers and your entire department.
I've shed so many tears already & now for y'all. Praying for all Police & for your officer, too.
prayers from @CKSO_Sheriff Office
prayers to the officer's family and to all police in the nation...
Praying...
Praying for the injured officer, and also praying for all of your officers out there, that you may all stay safe!!!
prayers for this officer's family and the men and women in blue.
We send your officer our thoughts and prayers.
Sending prayers from Boston. #BlueLivesMatter
praying for all you officers there from Kenya i really empathise with you all
Colorado FOP sends its thoughts and prayers.  We stand with KCK in this time of tragedy and sorrow.
Heavenly Father we ask for mercy and grace on this officers family Lord stop these horrible killings, we ask in Jesus name Amen
Sending prayers and support from Olathe.
Praying.
We are with you in spirit. Officer in our prayers this very hour.
RT @KCKPDChief: We have an officer shot at 22nd & Haskell. Start prayers, unknown condition.
Even Deputy Public Defender @JonesWright4DA Agrees: @SummerStephan brings a thoughtful, forward-thinking approach to criminal justice.
