Except the GOP HAS NO solutions, just wants to take care from 30 million people and give rich pricks tax breaks. #HYPOCRITE #FOOL #LIAR
Republican Repeal & Replace bill would make it not affordable for people with pre-conditions to buy healthcare insurance. DISGRACEFUL!
Hey Pat - You had 7 years to propose a solution but didn't. Why can't we have the same level of healthcare you receive?
I'm one of your constituents in Wichita. Please consider supporting single payer healthcare for all Americans.
Please call his office or contact him directly via email
Ttrumpcare is again a total flop in the Senate.
What ARE those "real solutions"?  You've had years to propose and nothing except last minute attempts. Do your job.
I pledge allegiance ... one nation, one payer, under God, indivisible with justice and liberty ...
How dare u take our healthcare old man!

Real Solutions = Allowing INS companies to raise rates, cover less, and make obscene profits. You are a true champion of the people.
What is a real solution? Oh yes, universal health care like the rest of the world has. The Senate embarrasses us all.
@SenateRPC @SenTedCruz Vicious Barrasso interviewed about people dying because no insurance, Dr. Mengele Barrasso couldn't care less
Used to think Wyoming GOP @SenatorEnzi was the most evil man in the state for telling Middle School Students to torture gays, not any more
Could you reference specific actions you've taken to make the healthcare system better? Your inaction to improve healthcare speaks volumes.
Republicans don't care about sick and dying, so they support the @GOP Mengele Plan, Republicans KILL MILLIONS TO STEAL BILLIONS
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
What "real" solutions? Only ones you've come up w/ involve hurting the lower income folks & rewarding wealthy...
Neither of these is acceptable. You have more constituents than the Koch Brothers.
Ignoring the wishes of Kansans as usual. If I refuse to do my job like this, I go to jail. Seems you just get re-elected.
Text 'resist' to 50409 and follow the prompts keep fighting for healthcare
Yesss I love resistbot :D
Aren't you all lucky to be rich enough to afford healthcare for your families? . #Complicit #YouAllMakeMeSick
Not you @SenSanders , just the selfish members of the #GOP

@BillCassidy is all over TV grossly misrepresenting impacts of #GrahamCassidy…
Real solutions? Like screwing o Dr your fellow Americans? No thanks! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill #HealthCareForAll #HealthCare
Let Congress buy their own #Trumpcare with their salaries, not additional taxpayer funds:  https://www.change.org/p/remove-health-care-subsidies-for-members-of-congress-and-their-families …  #MAGA #DrainTheTrump
Be a leader and find a few RNC & work with DNC to resolve ACA.Foreign countries hve ACA yet we can't come up with anything at all.Not good
So you prefer millions to lose their healthcare
Hehehe. This is funny. I haven't heard one proposed solution from you.
Corrupt @GOP always supports rich, while selling out vulnerable Americans! #TrumpCareKills #GrahamCassidy 
I'm sure that exactly what Jesus would've done.  The hypocrisy is deafening.
Only if the problem you're attempting to "solve" is too many people having affordable health coverage. But that would monstrous. Right?
There's this guy Jesus. He's the main character in a book called the New Testament. He's v. lovely. Ppl seem to like him. Check him out.
Try proposing a real solution.  So far the alternatives to #Obamacare SUCK!
You just hate Obama.
You are not serving the American people.
And @SenPatRoberts MUST be replaced. Another senator out of touch with the people of the US.
GOP hasn't put forth a credible, real solution for years.  GOP is Potemkin party.
Could you remind us of the "real solutions" the @GOP has offered thus far?
Give them another seven years and they might think of something.
What are you trying to convey here? Very obscure. Do better.
Tell us about your "real solutions".
and those solutions are... ?
And those "real solutions" you offered were completely rejected. Find another dead horse to beat.
Wow @SenSanders is trying to move the United States forward while #Republicans drag feet and whine about doing their job.
I don't see you or your party coming up with Any ideas.
I support @SenSanders & hope that single payer shifts the burden of health insurance from the small biz. owner onto to me while  DOD $war$
Senator, this is an extremely irresponsible position. Rather than blindly voting to repeal, why don't you actually come up with a solution?
You need to look at poll numbers. A majority of Americans are in favor of a single-payer healthcare system.
Remember "My Cousin Vinny?" 

The laws of economics apply here as much as they apply in every other industrialized nation. #SinglePayer
You're proud everytime you embarrass your constituents.
Medicare is popular.  I rarely hear any complaints at all!  Private insurance--different story! #MedicareForAll #nurse #PeopleOverProfits
Yeah but we see actual economic impacts. The dollar has been crushed due to deficits and Medicare contributes to that. Take out military
Spending and we are still in the red. So something has to give. Either we will have to jack up interest rates and have a recession in order
To raise the dollars value and default on what we have now and then pay for this in the future. Or we will need to increase taxes on
Everyone substantially in order to pay for what they want and force people into the healthcare sector to make costs as low as we can. It's
Something that not a lot of people complain about because they don't realize the economic impact of overpaying for healthcare. And to an
Extent we choose to run up debt instead of actually paying for stuff.
Is keeping sick and dying people "in their place" something you enjoy doing? Kansans are better than that.
But you, @SenPatRoberts, wouldn't know what it means to be a Kansan because you're literally never here. 
Pride has nothing to do with this!  Please help my patients live better lives!  #Findasolution
.Pat, seven years and you have no plan. Nothing, nil, nada, zip, zero, the big goose egg, bupkiss, Jack Squat, less than bubkiss #ACA #GOP
Ok so what's your solution? We're waiting.
Repeal an-*vomits*
Senator Roberts, you're not doing a good job serving Kansans.  If I were still doing editorials on TV I'd be having fun with your record!
Single payer sounds good to me. You should listen to @SenSanders; he's got some good ideas!
We will remember how you have betrayed us
Obamacare helps keep me alive. But since you live in Virginia I can't vote for/against you, so I can die as far as you care.
Please support @SenSanders and vote for single payer
Single payer is a real solution, Senator. In fact, it's the one that all other modern nations have implemented. Do you think we are stupid?
I hope you understand that higher premiums cover many more services than previously, including those pesky mamograms, which saved my sis!
At least Bernie has the sack to make his opinions public. You just wait for your donors to tell you your opinions. You are corrupt.
Kansas deserves better than what old men like Pat Roberts has to offer. His pride in his vote is singular. He's the past. He'd needs to go.
Anything involving private health insurance is not a 'solution.'  Private health insurance is the problem.   #SinglePayer
Sen Pat we want what you have. We pay for yours. A$&hole #stupidsenator
Eventually we'll end up with single payer, Medicare for all. You are old and part of a dying generation. You're the past, not the future.
Stop being a Dinosaur Pat time to evolve.
Like what? Give us a single real solution you're fighting for.
Sounds like you are saying you support single-payer, if so, it is the first time we have ever agreed!
I will be proud sir to be able to vote you out you don't represent the people of Kansas you are a dog on a leash being lead by your party!
Single payer IS a real solution @senPatRoberts. I lived for a decade in a country using it. Please study the possibilities! @SenSanders
And that's why I'll never vote for you.   You don't care about kansans!
Just curious.  What is your specific objections to single payer?  Don't you like Medicare?
Enjoy your government provided health care, Senator. Can we have some too please?

"Medi-care is the answer."  - You, about 4 months ago.
Do what Jesus would do and support @SenSanders .
Sir you have completely lost the plot. Bring a real solution. Single payer and insurance cost control are the answers.
So @SenPatRoberts stands for expensive, bad health care. Good to know.
Wow, lots of insane in these replies.
After 7+ years, we're still waiting for those promised R ideas on health care.
We have been waiting seven years on the GOP to produce a 'real solution'. Still waiting...
How about instead of REPEAL EVERYTIME!! You try offering solutions and having a meaningful dialogue that benefits citizens.
Pat, you're doing the right thing but for the wrong reasons. YOU want to repeal Obamacare, BERNIE wants to uplift the American people.
We in #KS look forward to seeing you put forward any solutions other than NO to everything.
You should take note of what @SenSanders is doing. Putting ideas out in public to debate on. Much better than screaming REPEAL all the time!
Why are you proud of that? What a despicable stance to take. Maybe you should evaluate what ACTUALLY helps your constituents?
Works well for some G20 (& non-G20) member nation-states who have it.
P.S. FEHB: not a form of "socialized medicine" then?

#MedicareForAll
New China adopted American private health system, reformed OLD Gov. single system. Their system is much efficient now. MAGA
Why is his not a "real" solution. Perhaps try to find middle ground and actually get something done.
You're on the wrong side of history and the citizens of KS are sadly paying the price.
Issues NOT about privilege or right! Is about healthcare administrative system! Government Vs. Private; capitalism Vs. Socialism=communalism
