How does it work in every other country? Are you saying Americans are too stupid to do what everyone else figured out?

I just want the same tax payer provided healthcare as you Pat.
Single payer is THE only answer.
The government need to control at least how much the insurance companies screw Americans! Affordable meaningful healthcare is a right!
and your care?
Said no advanced nation ever except for the United States.
Wrong. What we need is a health care system that is affordable so that EVERYONE can benefit from it and whatever it takes to achieve that.
No. You're wrong.
Trump working with Dems must really get your briefs in a bunch.
The answer is representatives who pay attention to their constituents. Kansas wants and deserves Medicare for all!
We need a health care system that is for all people not just the wealthy. But you know that...you just don't care.
Your justification for voting for Graham-Cassidy? You have no idea what will occur as a result of your choices. You get what you give.
We have had that for years Senator. Healthcare costs have always risen with it. Single payer WILL bring those costs down.
Millions disagree & think you need to retire.
People deserves #healthcare and now the government spend more tax payer money for emergency care that it would for universal one.
No, Pat. We need LESS government "control" (spending) on pointless Middle East wars and MORE money spent improving Americans' lives.

Hypocritical statement if ever I heard one!
So says you, how has that been working out?  NOT!
Easy for you to say with government provided insurance--people love Medicare!
You should have a chat with Sen. Sanders. He appears to know much more about this than you do and can offer guidance.
Wrong- you are out of touch with the needs of your constituents because you can't get past your ideology
Legislating your way out of a job?? Lolol suuuure you will.
Then why does it work for just about EVERY other country on this planet?!
Nope.
Bullshit, look at the prices of healthcare without insurance! Look at the prices of just insurance!
What would you know about it? The GOP has done nothing appropriate to make healthcare affordable. All you do is defund what we have.
You are wrong
Maybe, but gov't can provide valuable protections as well. "Less government control" is not a sufficient reason in itself. Be more specific.
the insurance companies ARE in control and they're bleeding us dry!
Your party didn't consider #healthcare to be an issue until @BarackObama made it one!
So we need to close down the VA, Medicare and your taxpayer funded Healthcare.  Go for it, boy.
Once again you are exactly wrong Senator. Kansas wants single payer.
There are only 2 choices. 100% free market. Drs pick prices people pay with private insurance outlawed or national healthcare. Nothing else.
Basic healthcare is a right, not a privilege. Please give us your solution to the problem of millions of uninsured.
We need a health care system where my doctor's say counts more than my insurance provider's.  #ACA
Well said by someone who's been living off the government for the last 20 years.
Can't wait to vote you out of office!
We want a plan designed by and for the people (govt) not a plan designed by and for rich corporations. Find a heart.
Well then it will be back to the ole emergency room health care plan.  People will just wait til their condition gets bad enough & go to ER
Why haven't you held unrestricted community forums in the state of KANSAS on this subject? Are you afraid of the people and their ideas?
Can we all get your (congress's) health care plan? Since its so good why not make it the universal plan??!!
ahhhhhhahahahahaha. You received donations from socialized-medicine company (DaVita) and from BC/BS.
Difference w/ government control is that I might have a say in how it's done. Your brand of capitalism doesn't give a damn about lower class
We've been under the same broken healthcare system for years. Every other modern nation has universal healthcare. Why not us, Mr. Senator?
So, you DON'T like Medicare.  Good to know.
Looking for the goat gland cure?
WWJD
The problem is astronomical health care costs, but you'll never address that because they contribute so well to your campaign.
Why do we live in a country where others profit off of the illnesses of others? Small govt? stay out of my reproductive system.
Get the government out of health care... agree 100% with you Sen. Roberts...
I beg to differ sir, the insurance industry needs to be regulated a lot more, not less... #factsmatter
Didn't work before ACA why would it now?
The majority of people who don't get top-shelf healthcare on taxpayer dimes (you) disagree.
So how the hell would you know?  I'm willing to pay to care for all, like a good Christian.  Quit worshipping money.
Then more people will die.  You've had health care for life from your few years in the Marines, something no one gets now.
Less consumer protections.
Got it.
Works with building codes in 3rd world countries.  What could go wrong?
who paid you to say this pat? insurance companies? it was, wasn't it. congrats on selling out people for money! was it worth it?
funny thing is that he got campaign contributions from a socialized-medicine company (DaVita).
You. Are. Wrong.
So explain how that works Pat. It's easy to say what doesn't work, provide a viable solution. It's literally your job.
I'm sorry, what was the GOP plan?? **crickets** Well, when you figure it out let us know. The rest of the country will progress without you.
Then come up with a better plan!!!! You've only had your entire career in the senate.
Oh so you're cool with abortion access then? Cause that's controlled by the government for some reason
No!!! I don't want your version of insurance where corporations control my health care. 
Quit taking money from insurance companies & big pharma. That's one way to get government out of healthcare.
Continues to protect Koch Bros! What a dick.
I respectfully disagree. Reading some of these replies, I wish there was more respectful discourse.
Kansas voters are getting smarter. Senators like Roberts are on shaky ground like never before. Winds of change are blowing.
No, hell no. You couldn't be more wrong. When everyone does something different we are wrong. Single Payer Now! Please retire.
Ancient thinking! We have a good system now if you're 65 or over. We need a government that governs. Go to work.
Even Trump knows that Australia's single payer system is superior to our private insurance price gouging system... #SinglePayerNow
Good onya mate!
Sen Roberts is using the old talking points. Eventually, voters will accept health care is a right for all people.
Thank you, I'm sure they can't fathom the types of freedoms they'll lose. Most likely denied treatment because cause always life expectancy
For profit insurance companies have abused the health care system to where we are now. I used to feel as you do. No longer.
Go away
If you don't have a plan, don't criticize
Let me explain this again, healthcare is a fundamental right in ALL other leading countries. Their health is better. We only lead in price.
I wonder what the difference is? #makeamericahealthyagain #savetheaca #SinglePayerNow
I disagree. Single payer is worth a try. We've had private insurance for a long time and the free market didn't produce a viable solution.
Forgot your morality at home with your bible?
You and Moran both voted to continue AUMF even though it's obvious executive action has done nothing but create more terrorists. Failure.
Works well for some G20 (& non-G20) member nation-states who have it.
P.S. FEHB: not a form of "socialized medicine" then?

#MedicareForAll
Amen
I agree completely. I'm stupid and don't want to be healthy :)
Do you remember healthcare before ACA? Or are you just hoping we don't?
We need a heath care system where the providers are NOT allowed to overcharge us. That won't happen all on its own.
Yeah less gov control so big pharma and private insurance can further price gouge. You don't represent me. You represent highest bidder.
Who else is going to keep big pharma, and corp healthcare in check? Corp who would rather us die if we can't pay isn't the ans either.
How about you bring an idea to the table then? Must be nice to know you have great health care
PrivAte insurers have shareholders 2 answer 2, the Govt has the people 2 answer 2 . Put it in the people's hands and be held accountable
Do you have a solution that keeps health care affordable for everyone against any needs? If so now is past time to present. I am listening.
We want repeal and replace, tax reform, and the wall. That's why we have President Trump, we voted for his agenda. Thx for no single payer.
Replace with what?  Even Trump says that was a fail. Single Payer is at least an idea that is on the table.  What is yours?
So what is your proposal then? If you could rebuild/redesign the system, how would you do it?
Like pre-existing conditions. Remember those? Back before the govt. stepped in, they were screwing over the sick...
We keep trying private options and they consistently fail us.  Why not try something that works in other large democracies. Americans first
I beg your pardon, but less government control seems to be what was causing some of the problems in the first place...
Why? So for profit companies can dictate who can get treatment and how much treatment? Profits for shareholders and CEOs over healthcare.NO!
Yah, it is.
SHUT YOUR DIRTY LYING MOUTH! Every American wants Single Payer Healthcare for all! Except the money grubbing soulless corporate owned trash!
How much are you bribed to have this opinion?
Just a guess, but A LOT!
Gets campaign funding from DaVita (which is funded by your tax dollars) and from BC/BS.
We need a health care system that actually covers people. And if you're so about LESS government control, why do you restrict repro rights?
Excellent point!
No, it isn't. He's received donations from a company funded through single-payer (DaVita).
You and your Republican colleagues have been complaining about healthcare for 7 years, and the "solution" you proposed was a joke.
So what we "need" are Senators who work for the people instead of for the Koch brothers.
Empty meaningless platitudes like this ARE NOT THE ANSWER either. Where's *YOUR* solution? Oh right, you don't have one.
Control, the gov't already controls every aspect of the hyper-regulated health care industry so we may as well get the monopsony benefits.
WE WANT SINGLE PAYER, PAT. -Your Constituent
Yes we do.
Go back to bed Senator
It's Virginia. I think you meant go back to Virginia.
Wrong, just wrong.
