Celebrate by banning the cultivation of GMO crops and toxic poison herbicides and pesticides.
never happen.he's getting rid of regulations. back 2 the bad ol days company's policing themselvesTrump doesn't care
yea! the bad days when we all had high paying jobs, and a single income could pay the bills, and still have savings left over! 
also White Anglos can work on farms growing USA food  hahah bunch of lazy people
I want fairness, by the way I have a degree in production management, so your calling me ignoramus what's your degree?
nice I love Math. Have a great weekend
Don't know why you'd proclaim a national ag day. You're deporting all the ag workers leaving farmers with no one to reap their harvests! SAD
@SebGorka @POTUS @WhiteHouse Those same farmers Obama threatened, mandated, attacked
lol and yet the Trump budget slashes funding to agencies like the USDA. so much for farmers lol
let's all hope their crops still grow when their water supplies are polluted with coal ash and industrial waste
Overreacting,wait and see, govern with environmental safety and wk , so both wk to sme gols, not chpoff feet, to save body,u live that way
Thanks for the Administration's recognition of men like my grandfather and great grandfather, who both were farmers/ranchers.
And this is why you cut the dept of ag and services for farmers? Brilliant
Does that include all the "imminent domain" farmers on the border who will lose their farms when the wall is built?
hope they still have people to work for them.
God bless our farmers. They are down to earth great people. Best of the best.
@SenPatRoberts @POTUS @WhiteHouse just take their healthcare though. Since they make a living by, they don't need mammograms right?
#FFA teacher fired, no Illinois state budget thanks @GovRauner
Then why do you treat them with disrespect by slashing their budgets and aid to their parents?
because we need to cut everything. We're $20T Dollars in debt.
Remember you are in Criminal observation. Shame on you people
your saying shame on you people. Meanwhile you want to invite people like the ones who killed people today in Europe.
feed the world aah! They are gained intrest nor feeding.
.....Ok
I am grateful to them.
you're both anti immigrant a$$holes that do not value the work of immigrants working in these fields that do in fact feed the USA
small farms are best, local and clean.
Hey, farmers... Good luck growing crops with no rain, and nothing but mine sludge in the rivers for irrigation.  Sincerely, DJT
Trump can make it stop raining? He's more powerful than I thought.
He's magic.  Like David Blaine, but without the talent, charm, good looks, or common sense.
But WITH ultimate power on this planet for at least 8 years.
IMHO, the power / influence of the US on the planed is diminished each day Mr. Trump is in office.
That'll change when he starts planting mushroom clouds.
Yeah, but only if they're male, hey veep!  Because we all know women can't be farmers. I feel sorry for your wife.
Then screw them out if health care ONLY because if your hatred of President Obama
Get off corn, get off soy. Ban Montsanto, Dow & Dupont.
Do you think they know you're working to kill the EPA which helps protect a lot of their land?
Bull, Obama to end private ownership forcing government control of land people and products...end of  rural living too
my name isn't "Bull".
Ha ha .. funny I wasn't addressing u as Bull. I'm a little more polite than that.
Guess the comma confused u...sitting here in towel after shower, trying to hurry
I have family that explained the following...Vacations are rare when there's so much to do everyday!  Many Hugs!
Celebrate by cutting Dept of Agriculture? Cattle ranchers in Kansas sure don't have lot to celebrate.
I agree!!! It's the farmers which feed cities.
God's Blessings upon all of you, may he grant you the dew of heaven, sunlight, and rain in its season.
How can @GOP be pro-life and not feed our children and elderly too. #ProLifeContinuum #childrenneedtoeat #MealsonWheels
why can't libtards be like "Yay farmers", instead of "Trump did it, F*** it"? Too immature for even that. Sad Smh
All farmers want to know what to wear to a USA Inauguration, Vitezi Rend

The farmers are not fans of Nazi loyalists.
.@VP .@POTUS while doing away with the very agency that protects their land from industrial waste. hypocrisy is strong with this admin
As a citizen, I thank you for the Federal Recognition of celebrating the source for our needs as human beings.
in the same breathe as you deregulate ecologically protective legislation. Hypocrites.
America first not murderous refugees who sneak in the border than @bencargin96  calls citizens.  #pathwaytocitizenship #USprocess
Keep up The Great Work!! 
Then why r u cutting funds to small farmers?
can I have what you're smoking??
You are pieces of 
you are a crazy person!  Step down now...before we see just how in bed you are with Putin
With the farmers we need to worry about the bee population too for our food to be able to grow
hahaha who's going to pick the crops???
Then why are u cutting funding to the Dept. of Agriculture? Do we need another aircraft carrier more than safe food?
celebrate by abolishing Ag-Gag laws and investing in sustainable, environment friendly farming
we really need to focus on our S.S. Needs .... We need to put money into it now & give better raises
words are so easy--yes? How about showing real care by actually doing something to protect citizens?
Then you might want to make sure they all have health insurance they can afford. Oh wait, they do!  It's ACA!!
