My statement on the revised draft of the Senate health care bill: 
You're drunk on KOCH !!!
A consensus between the extremists and the bat shit crazy Republicans. Which one are you? #GOPtraitors
Need you ask?
Soon Kevin you'll be selling pencils on the street. #unemployable
You & Sen. Roberts are both out of whack with your constituency. I'm an R KS-03 resident, and I'm now a single issue voter. You've lost me.
Fix aca. Trumpcare not worth paper it is written on. trump did not elect you.
Again, F' you, Yoder
Is the president even behind this bill? I never hear him advocating for it in any way.
Your handling of the health care bill will be your downfall, and we can't wait  #boybye #soonunemployed
I am afraid you don't know what consensus means.

Is it a "consensus solution?" 
To me that would be bipartisan.
Not behind-closed-doors.
Please vote only for a TRUE consensus.
THIS IS NOT "SOME PROGRESS", IT IS OBAMACARE MODIFIED BY A BUNCH OF LEGISLATORS THAT DON'T HAVE THE STOMACH TO REPEAL IT LIKE THEY PROMISED.
Kansans overwhelmingly do not support this. Are you listening? #AnyoneButYoder
This can't be repeated enough..2018..2018..we Will vote you Out#resistance
With no public hearings (and your lack of town halls), care to explain how you arrived at "consensus"? #fireyoder18
How about a consensus to fix our broken government, mainly you Trumpers
Consensus means working with moderates for all Americans.
Healthcare plan still a no vote please.
Some representatives see this bill for what it is.
New #Trumpcare is even worse. Insurers can trick you to get a plan that doesn't cover you if you get sick. That's not insurance. It's fraud. https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/885516734320529412 …
Ok, Kev... Will you change YOUR insurance to one of the new policies that cover nothing but cost more? If no, why not?
That's a good question. Where does Rep Yoder get his coverage from??
Gangsters gotta stick together.
The sens exempt selves from loss of protections. Hidden in bill. You have to know  “1312(d)(3)(D)” is the provision
Still not listening....but then, it's hard to listen when you don't meet face to face with your constituents, isn't it?
Shame on you. We will not forget. #OverYoder
All talk as usual Kevin, actions speak louder. Schedule a real Town Hall meeting and hear what the tax payers have to say.
Work with Democrats. Is the right thing to do. You will be praised for helping regular people. Our rural hospitals at risk, Medicaid cuts.
Consensus is what used to happen when Republicans and Democrats worked together to create something positive for all Americans. Not this
Have you noticed how many "likes" this post has received v. the number of negative comments??? @PatRoberts
You're full of it. Hold a town hall.
This is NOT what your constituents want.  Do your job and protect your constituents healthcare.  If you don't, we will vote accordingly.
Doesn't sound like they worked very hard at all.  We need Obama care in place until congress can present a plan for universal healthcare.
Come out of your slimy cave and tell your constituents that you don't care about their health in a town hall. People over your party.
Stop with the GOP and Trump rhetoric of how horrible Obamacare is. You hate it bcuz you were told to, nothing else. You couldn't care less
How many times are you and your cohorts gonna keep trying to sell us a turd?
I will believe this when I see it.
for many, less care for more, no care for greater numbers.  Savings depend on more people dieing.  Dear God, what are you thinking? (2/2)
Nothing in the house or senate bills addresses the real problems. Less cost for a few, tax cuts for the rich, greater costs (1/2)
As my 4th grade teacher would ask......  Is this your best work?
FACT: Kevin's health care is regulated differently than any one else who is  reading this thread. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
No wonder he's encouraged.
When you and the rest of Congress have to have the same insurance as the rest of us I might believe you.
If YOU'RE encouraged, I'm discouraged. The reason you think it's broken? Too many kids get healthcare & not enough billionaires get richer?
When will we learn healthcare isn't health insurance. Govt shouldn't be in the health insurance business. #letthemarketdecide
Broken record defying facts.  Voters will let you know how they feel in the next election.
"Consensus"?!? Is it coming out of a committee w/ democratic senator support?!? Like the House version did?!? That word doesn't mean that...
Single payer now. Our current system costs tax payers 47 millions. Single payer would only cost 33 million.
What a horrible bill this is. Nothing encouraging at all.
akshully no still bad
Then why did you and the rest of the House refuse to even try to work on a consensus solution?
Fucking Yoders.
#SinglePayer would save $800 billion/ year and cover everyone!

#BCRAP  kills through lack of $$ to buy insurance 
NOT lack of interest.
your support of this will lead to your defeat in '18.
@SenPatRoberts Uhh, Kansans have limited options because or your TERRIBLE decision making. Enjoy your last term! #BoyBye
A huge step in repairing our broken health care system is insurance reform, not this.
Do your job!  Protect your constituents' healthcare and our Constitution and democracy!!  #traitors #TreasonWeasels
I don't think your constituents are encouraged.
Can we wait until we see what the CBO says before we indulge in talk about consensus and fixing the healthcare system? thx
Why?
Funny, the system isnt broken. Does anybody know what he's talking about?
I keep waiting for Kansans who support this disastrous bill to like your tweet and comment on their support. Why isn't anyone doing that?
So true! @RepKevinYoder Never forget, Sir, your seat has been marked as #flippable!!
Doesn't
a) lower costs,
b) improve insurance,
c) increase liberty, or
d) make health care better, and
e) have a CBO score.
What's the point?
One party only is not consensus.
What about Medicaid for the poor and homeless? Cruz wants everyone to buy a cheap policy that doesn't cover 
It's a freaking joke. Read it. They aren't working hard. They had 6 years to write a bill and wasted time. The
You have a weird definition of consensus.
