Say it! Group = Neo Nazi white supremacists!
Are you speaking of the Nazis or their victims? I'm a constituent, I deserve to know whom you are speaking of.
Name the group!
Plz DO something: impeach this president who incites & spews divisiveness & hatred & is harming our country!!!
Denounce white supremacists, neo-nazis, and the KKK.
Or maybe you don't want to because those are the people voting for you?
Shameful.
But they are Republican values. They are supporters of your president. They are in the White House.
Take a closer look at WH staff,  we all most protest this nationalist and white supremacist attitude in WH
And what group is that, senator? You also spelled #Charlottesville wrong. SAD!
? Who are they
Name the group please.
Call out this hatred by name Senator!  Don't do like our President here.  You will show you have no backbone.  Take a stand!!!
Very weak Sen. Why can't u call the group what it is (i.e., White Supremacists, KKK, & Nazis). They committed an act of domestic terrorism.
Saturday afternoon you're finally aware that the UVA Trump supporters are a hate group? You're part of the problem. You support him too.
Can't say White Supremacists?  Too vague and much too late.
What will you be doing to end white nationalist terrorism in our country? Even in our state this threat is growing. #TakeAction
What the hell are you talking about your white!!! Whatever agenda you go after is considered white nationalism!!  Duhhhh! Cuz you're white!!
This "group" has been encouraged by & has taken over your party. You've allowed it. You've done nothing to stop it.  #complicit
What group would that be senator?
As spineless as the rest of the GOP
Your support antifa terrorist group? You support harming other Americans? Hatred and division from you is the problem today for all American
Why can't republicans say Nazi?
Nazis followed the Democratic structure for their creation! Antifa use Nazi tactics.  you act like a thought Nazi is that enough!
Thank you for the public rebuke but your party and your boy is enabling and encouraging this. Too little too late. Useless again, Pat.
Call it out for what they are, white nationalistic supremacists. Or don't bother. Trump would too if they weren't his valued base.
Can you be a little more specific? To which group do you refer, senator?
At my father's nursing home today-plenty of seniors that served, like my Dad in WWII. They FOUGHT Nazis. Do more to condemn and stop this.
Please name the group Senator. We know who committed the atrocities, we know they stand for hate/bigotry. NAME them.
Hatred and ignorance abound in the Republican Party.
Your support of the antifa terrorist group shows you support terrorism in the United States. You want your fellow Americans harmed! Shame!!
and what group is that, Senator?
You mean both sides right Patie right? It takes two to tango. Both sides are equally at fault here...

Nah they're just republican values.
By which group mr Roberts.  Please be more clear.
Trump and his cronies must be removed now!
Gov failed to protect the 1st Amendment rights of ALL of his citizens regardless of their viewpoint.1st amend is for ALL. Antifa= terrorism
It's not enough to claim there is a problem. A true leader must step up and decisively deal with the issue. Please stop Trump.
Intolerance is the enemy of tolerance and cannot be tolerated. Tolerance has a red line that we cross at our peril https://i.redd.it/tlyoidfqe3gz.png …
Then please urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amendment. @POTUS said there are fine people in that group. GOP now complicit with neo-Nazis.
"violent and pathetic group"? Way to not aggravate your base Senator.
How about your President? Has he demonstrated American values? Will you call him out, or do you agree with him?
Which group.??? Name them explicitly. EVERYONE is watching.
What "group" would that be Senator? For all we know, you could be referring to the BLM protesters.
Fed up with Trump but especially spineless R party.  Do something!
Condemn the group by name! You are representing us poorly with your wishy washy statement.  No comment on loss of life?  BAD!
Disgusted! You dishonor the memory of our Kansas ancestors who lost their lives & homes to keep Kansas a FREE STATE!You must censure @POTUS!
Senator Roberts, your failure to call out the racist views of Donald Trump is unacceptable!  Your silence is deafening . KS deserves better
SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? You have powers beyond 140 characters
Nor does your president's support if these acts. Step up for once.
@jerrymoran and @RepKevinYoder get it and now I get you.
Thank you for your sentiment @SenPatRoberts. As a KS resident, I look fwd to hearing what actions you will take in support of it
How do you find the hateful ignorant comments from Pres. Trump today?
Name the groups.
Most of citizens replying here are unimpressed with your denunciation of violence, terrorism, and murder. You missed the Nazis, too #sad
SAY THE WORDS: White Nationalist Domestic Terrorism!
You do realize that trump will be the downfall of the Republican Party? Unless thru gerrymandering/voter suppression & Russian hacking. SAD!
Please call it what it was. White supremacist terrorists. Nazis and Klansmen are trying to overthrow our government.
Real Republicans, like I grew up with before this circus came to town, are no clarity problem.
What group Pat?  What group is that?
It's radical white supremacist terrorism. Congress and our POTUS need to call it what it is.
Weak AF! Allow me, Senator. #Nazis committed an act of #domesticterrorism. Murdered #HeatherHeyer. #SayHerName 

Time 4 U to GFO of office.
This paralegal, someone's daughter, did not have to die for peaceful protest. Terrorism is terrorism. Call it what it is @POTUS.
Sadly I have to disagree with you. These ARE the values of many americans. Hiding the truth that we have hellions among us is wrong.
Name them. 
(Hint: They are racist + march w/ Confederate and swastika flags.)
This shouldn't be difficult.
Demand that @POTUS condemn Radical #AltRight #Terrorism
Your party. Your president. DO SOMETHING!!!! 
So cowardly of you. What group? Say it. 
Yeah, just another pussified GOP politician hugging #NazisIntheUSA
Please let the Kansans you represent know which group you are referring to.
You will gain more support than you will lose if you name them. They are NOT a majority in KS, not close.
The RACIAL hatred specifically Senator!!??
Please tell Mr. Trump.
They're terrorists, Senator. Call them what they are.
What group is that @SenPatRoberts ? Check @cnnbrk if you need help figuring it out. Bet you won't do it. #resist
Typical weak response from a toady like you. Name the group.
Call it what it is KKK, White Supremacy and Nazi groups!
If our Senator from Ks cannot even state the true names of White Sup. Nazi's etc in America, you are complicit in the hate.
THank you, Senator Roberts, for denouncing this. Your leadership is much appreciated.
What leadership? He has no spine! He tweeted meaningless gobbledygook because he's afraid to #SpeakTheirName. American Nazis did this.
