Put on tombstone! When time comes u know when! Enjoy ur life!Check box for scientific research ultrasound now improve organs appropriately©
Pee better @AmerMedicalAssn u see truth @DocYilk u real tired ! One day u just wont wake up. Real restful. Have lots of people to talk too©
Wars , immunity! Immogloblin. Harm neither hinder life. Theory of I love to live! Kidneys talking Trickles without request. Squeeze from 
Last time u emptied ur bladder.  Wake up slower got to walk a little too. ©™®
Crush injury issues sag of internal tissues. Theory for science.©™®
Yes he is,he even stepped up to pay Newt Gingrich's $300,000 eithics fine. Not everyone would do that.
Traitor to his own party! Get this man out! Call your representative and ask to have this man challenged! REPEAL RYAN!
Why all he does is resist the president.
The best thing you fools can come up with is patting each other on the back and giving each other metals?  Do work please
I wish you and the rest of republicans would emulate this great http://man.support  POTUS agenda #frustrated !
If weasels were heros, Paul would ride!!
@SenPatRoberts @SenatorDole Would never fail to support seniors and rural hospitals. Get out of the car; vote NO GrahamCassidy
You may think so
NO DACA!
https://twitter.com/TruthinGov2016/status/909450044763525123 …
U voted 2 award him a medal, because he has been in the boys club for long time. He doesn't deserve award any more than me 4 my service 2 US
I've agreed with you twice in two days. That has to be some kind of record. Senator Dole is "an American Hero." Well done Congress.
Just thinking the same thing.
He was a respectable Republican unlike you nutless wonders
We don't like u Paul Ryan! You're part of the seamp!!!!
Yes, by all means honor the DC Establishment. You guys are just too much ... of something.
Remind me again what branch you served in? Any of the trump's? No. Thought not. #chickenhawks
The same branch that Obama served in.
.@SenatorDole is an American hero.
And that’s why Congress voted to award him with a Congressional Gold Medal.
back when men had honor and not out for power grabbing.
https://twitter.com/mla1396/status/910235619615526912 …
Don't mess with healthcare
Paul Ryan your a Democratic lap dog! You should have the @POTUS back matter of fact the American people's back we want change not the same 
Good. Now give us the wall!
Really...
As long as we have hungry and homeless veterans and folks working 50+ hours struggling to pay bills you people don't deserve even a paycheck
Aren't there better things you could be doing with your time and our money?! No offense to @SenatorDole but stop wasting our $ on ceremony
Jesus, that all Obama did! Loved those photo ops with celebrities over real heros.
I don't understand if this is true why now why did it take so long or is this just posturing
McCain would do well to see how heros act!
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
That's lovely, but ? about health care debacle? Public debate on Dr v. Patient. $20 trillion deficit? Illegals Gone Wild? Where's the Wall?
@SenatorDole deserving of these recognition.  @SpeakerRyan will be recognized as the traitor who sold out USA 2 globalist #TRUMPTRAIN #MAGA
This is so wonderful.
Maybe that will finally cure his erectile dysfunction


congratulations!
Who says Congress doesn't do anything, they found time to give an award for no reason, to an old gop er, congrats patting on back
Get your crap together!!
Not knocking Dole but congress doesn't have time giving out medals the people are waiting for you to pass Trumps agenda...
... agenda- Tax reform 15% corporate tax rate,healthcare reform,infrastructure,households making under 50000 student voucher,...
And @realDonaldTrump is your @POTUS, so start acting like it.
If he weren't a professional politicians he wouldn't be honored. Biden, Dole...you guys r like old Soviet Union giving medals to each other.
Amazing how much you have accomplished-repealACA, Border Wall, RAISE Act, Tax Reform
Bob Dole is a great American. Congratulations to one who has served our country with great distinction!
Did he show you all how to take RU money?
Bob Dole's voice is sorely missed in the Senate.
Was he one that wasn't captured??
Hats off to senator Dole but imm sure the senator himself would agree YOU ALL SHOULD BE FIGURING OUT THIS MESS OUR COUNTRY IS IN NOT THIS
Our democracy is dying before your eyes and you are busy giving medals. You must really hate the country you claim to serve.
Your job is to bring the Republicans together. When will you be handling this Speaker Ryan?
Frat boy giving out awards
Question. Do you ever do things that actually aim to help people?
Ryan has proven over and over he cares about no one. If he wanted to help the country he would never have supported Trump. His mask is gone.

Lonely eyes behind blue eyes
He still owes money to people in a Russell KS who helped him after WWII. He would have died without their help.
He fought against Nazis.  American hero who would fight against American Nazis today!
Too bad he's been a sell out in his later years
Senator Bob Dole did a lot for this nation and Kansas. I can't think of anyone more deserving than Senator Dole!
He is you are crap
He may well be a swamp hero, maybe a green medal!
Might not agree with his politics, but Kudos who thought to honor him while he's still able to know he's appreciated!! Cheers!!
Americans have know this for years. So much for GOP's timing.
FINALLY
DID SOMETHING RESPECTFUL
AND
RIGHT
Keep patting yourself son the back for doing nothing while the citizens are strugglingHow's your health care benefits bet they're great
Congratulations Senator Dole.
He has the tools to be something good and great but he has to see it for himself
Senator Ryan needs to grow a pair and stand up to tricking Trump and quit being a yes boy.
And Sen  schumer is a snake
I don't doubt Dole is an American hero. There are millions of Am heroes. Should they all receive that honor? Your comment means nothing.
Dole was slimy just like you. You're a spineless bastard whose only concern is ensuring the rich stay rich. You little bitch.
I'm going to BARF BIG TIME
I wish you and the rest of republicans would emulate this great man . support POTUS agenda #frustrated !!!
Don't RT Paul Ryan, Rep. Kinzinger, it's beneath you.  We love you Bob Dole!@senatorDole

Wonderful
Paul R, I agree with you.
@realDonaldTrump had fake heelspurs and a letter from a quack
I bet Trump will never get one
Spineless Coward Paul Ryan.

Gee while you people r patting ur selves on the back and all, the people need some real representation. Get to work!
How much did he give you?  5k?  10k?
LOL !!  Ryan must go in order to #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDamnSwamp
How will you choose to be remembered Speaker Ryan ? Might want to try putting country first agenda last
If he & colleagues did such great work? Why is democracy such a mess? GOP propitiate that message! It's working!
Too bad Congress waited until the Bob  Dole is nearly dead, jays he has one foot in the grave! Foretunately we don't wait for ceremonies.
To many, Dole has been a hero for decades.
Ass kisser
No hero to Americans that fly the skies of terror. Regulate flyers rights so tickets mean something. No beating passengers!
Love both Senators Dole!! Great American leaders and heros!!
Good job, Bob.
Oh please.
He is, truly, you are not.
Ceremonies, photo ops & syncophants wont  make your record as Speaker any more memorable or effective, as you shrink the GOP to irrelevance
Better man than you Paul.
Yes Mr Speaker, he is. And he is so much more than you will ever be. For BD, it was country before party, you should take a lesson from him.
Dole was veeeeerrrry much creature of his party.  Make no mistake
.try getting 2 #DACA clean citizenship bill for all. @realDonaldTrump
Folks just receiving awarda that they don't deserve just for a  smh #SHAME
We know you knew who was taking Russian money. We have not forgotten
^ ms coulter fam thinks she thinks for herself! Hahahahaha
As long as he wasnt captured ya know then hes a loser. Lol
Such important GOP work - taking care of their own while cutting insurance to the poor. Special place in hell reserved for you.
Wow! That helps Americans! No disrespect to Robert Dole, but, dammit do something for AMERICANS! #repealandreplace, the wall, tax reform
Need a definition on what an American hero is. I do not believe he qualifies. Made a living off the American people. Insignificant career.
You have no right to talk about American heroism. You're a traitor handing USA to Putin #PartyOverCountry #DoYourJob
We Americans who voted trump in R not fuckn Russian lady! Stop bashing real U.S citizens who are sick to death of status quo! Just STOP
How's the wall coming along ?
Get to work!!!
Go to 51 votes scum!
There he is AGAIN self praising himself
The real heroes are everyday Americans. Stop patting yourselves on the back and start paying attention to real America.
Sure, keep it in your little group
You should honor him by upholding the Americans With Disabilities Act.
Political posturing, grand announcements and really doing nothing.  #ImpeachTrumpNow  #25thAmendmentNow
And, Sen. Dole is not a five-time draft-dodging pussy like tRUMP
@SpeakerRyan Is this tweet a deflection on your part, from the REAL ISSUES here in USA?
@randal_wallace
My all time biggest hero, @SenatorDole , no one deserves it more
We want the wall
when I was in the USAF, dole was supposed to be the guest for a dinner for NCOs, he canceled at the last minute because he wanted money. 
Was another RINO. 1 vote away from term limits on the Senate side and refused to force the issue. Another failure of Rep leadership.
A champion of animals and believes horses should not be slaughtered! Best way to live up to his legacy is to pass SAFE Act, HR 113
Glad that Congress has solved all the real problems so you have time to work on pressing issues such as this. 
Can you guys do the people's work anymore??? Enough shenanigans
Translation: So THIS elderly disabled man is OK b/c he is rich white and Repibliklan. But FUCK anyone else! Especially poor people!!!
Mr. Speaker, I hope you have plans to subpoenae obama to testify in front of Congress for sodomizizing our Constitution.
Trump doesn't like people that got wounded. In fact he doesn't respect anyone who served; there all a bunch of losers to him
The GOP voted against him on ADA. Funny way to treat American heroes.
He was a courageous war hero
Not that he doesn't deserve it but Ryan has more important things to attend to?
pauls back is out today?  paul was bad at pinball?
And you Paul Ryan deserve a Yellow Ribbon for being Trumps lapdog.   #lockthemup. #anybodybutRyan2018
No GOP member is a hero NONE
But he keeps stabbing Trump in the back!
Dole is a Republican who cares, unlike you and yours.
The Senator sacrificed for all Americans.  Something you will never do, Mr. Speaker.
Who
Hard at work patting yourselves on the back
He's a great legislator the laws he came up with actually help the people not just the wealthy that you support Greed Over People party
Get shoot now are you hero jails are full of heros
Thank you Senator Dole for your service to our country! If you were still Senate Majority Leader, we would not be in so much debt today.
Good man, but it sounds like busy work to me.
Paul can you please explain your connection to George Soros!!

Congrats to Senator Dole!

Paul Ryan, why don't u follow the example of Sen. Dole& work w/ Democrats to get things done? Stop trying to turn Medicare into Vouchercare.
Mr speaker is it your job to represent all American people our just the republicans to silence someone because off party is wrong and stupid


Is there really an difference between Ryan and Pelosi?? NO! http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/14/speaker-ryan-asks-gop-panel-amnesty-plan/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+breitbart+%28Breitbart+News%29 …
#NoAmnesty 
#FireRyan
#DeportDACA 
#BuildTheWall
That's nice,good for him. So Ryan, I take it you have the Tax Reform & Tax Cut ready? You continue to play in the sand box, its ready right?
Focus Ryan, get the freaking job done! You act like you have OCD, move your a$$ and get to work! #mcmconnellisFired
@jaketapper It's "Medal of Honor", leave out "congressional".
Oh, the irony.
stop w/ ceremonial gestures & start implementing the agenda that the people voted for when they put Trump in office ...or you're a lame duck
You have SQUANDERED the biggest opportunity of your lifetime. You are not up for the job @SpeakerRyan. Step aside.
He must be horrified to see what Congress has become lead by the likes of you & Mitch. Dole stood for something, he had backbone. Unlike U.

More heroes in the US than Marvel and DC Comics combined. Funny.
You are corrupt and you should resign because we the people aren't voting you or the other Republicans who support you back into office MAGA
Few heroes left.  Well deserved.
Bob Dole made sure poor children got school lunches and food .You call them takers and hate any one poor .You will sure never get a medal
I'd give Ryan a medal...but it would be attached to my boot and inserted directly up his ass.
Congress loves to give each other tugs.
Who got silver and Bronze?

Thats just what Congress needs right now, waste time patting themselves on the back #GetToWork
How's the E.D. coming along? ... that's not a pen! 
What are you,like 5 years old? Grow up !

Frightening to think you oversee anything,.
"former" is a key word here.
Irregardless, past, present or future..frightening thpught!
whatever a thpught is... sweet father in hell you are damn lucky i was
My life doesn't depend on you. Whatever good you may have done, you've squandered  it foolishly.
But not his bill for those living with disabilities...

PUKE!
...and you and McConnell are not...two of the worst and weakest "leaders" in Congress in history! Just vile!! @SenateMajLdr #theresistance
Could we try focus on dole and the medal he received and save the carping for another day..ya miserable twit?
Nice to see you patting yourselves on the back
And you're a treasonous villain!
And you do know that we all know really what you're doing is pandering to your base
you have no back bone and you show no loyalty , see you at the Ballot box

