So did Merrick Garland. Fair is Fair Pat. Go get a mammogram!
Vote no on Big Biz Gorsuch. (I did when you ran, but apparently my vote was intercepted by Kobach...)
Merrick Garland deserves a chance before this clown!
...so your plan is to ignore the numerous and substantial allegations of treason against the White House?
This should have been done when Obama was in office.
#GarlandNotGorsuch
Really?? On what planet??  He is more for corporations than people.
Except for that time he ruled against the worker who left the company truck to avoid freezing to death.  #GarlandNotGorsuch
Don't agree he will be good for American people, which is exactly why you will vote for him-that and the #GOP told you to.
And, incidentally, nominated by a Prez under investigation for colluding with a foreign power. Reject Putin's pick for SCOTUS
@SenateGOP That's just not true.
@gop how can you consider any nominees for anything while @lotus is under FBI investigation?!? #stolenseat #fakepresident
Looks like the OPPOSE are running about 20 to 1 here Pat. But don't let that bother you. Never does right?
No confirmation while WH is under investigation. #NoGorsuch
we should wait for the next Presidential election, they people's voice should be heard....
@SenateGOP No!
right and he has swampland for sale in Florida. Get Real @SenPatRoberts he drank the koolaid just like you! #NoGorsuch
So does Judge Garland. But, you choose to do your job only when it suits you. #getout Your ideas are all old. Time for new.
And he lives in Virginia.
He should not be considered until the administration that chose him is cleared of Russian Collusion suspicion.
@SenateGOP #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland #FilibusterGorsuch
@SenateGOP Russia
this is a stolen nomination because you shamefully neglected your duty by avoiding a vote for the previous nominee.
And is being supported by a $10million dark money campaign
@SenateGOP Not the man for the job. No one is talking about his deficits
With respect to the FBI investigation of Trump and Russia, shouldn't this be put on hold until investigation is resolved?
he doesn't deserve that seat. Garland should be there #stolenseat he is a threat to us all
please tell us about the campaign to sell Gorsuch to you b4 his Senate vetting. KS voters deserve to know!
Pat Roberts is another con man just like worthless trump and worthless @gop
, Gorsuch's views on women, civil rights and labor are FAR out of touch w the majority of Americans!! Vote for GARLAND!!
I respectfully disagree with your advocacy in light of more important constitutional considerations.
But the Senate does not have the courage to confirm him.
@SenateGOP Especially for those who support the big corporations . He should not be the next Supreme justice
another old white guy, who has issues with women, endorsing another old white guy who hates women.
And he's a racist misogynist.
Has McConnell been sharing his crack again?  He was told to keep it on the qt.
.@SenPatRoberts I am your constituent and I support Merrick Garland. There is no reason to not approve his nomination. #GarlandNotGorsuch
That’s pretty much contrary to what everyone else, including all the current Supreme Court members, say.
@SenateGOP what about that whole nominated by someone campaigning for re-election and also being investigated for treason?
@SenateGOP REPUBLICAN BS, REPIBLICAN LIES.  WILL THEY EVER LEARN TO TELL THE TRUTH.
ABSOLUTELY PUT HIM THROUGH.. he wil be replacing a conservative & has a stellar record, there is NO reason not to.
Which is why Democrats are truly Constitution and law haters for filibustering him.
@SenateGOP Go nuclear, GOP. Let's see how that works out for u. May be only GOP'S victory anyway & will be tainted. Sad
respected by whom? Not your constituency
Gorsuch will be confirmed, no nuclear option will be necessary. Even most lunatic libs know he's not partial to anything but the law.
MERRITT GARLAND
So does Judge Garland, but you never gave him a chance. So anyone you put up will be tarnished by your wickedness.
garland was turned down by The Senate
