Rip
How bout a seat belt buckle for a team patch?
My deepest condolences.
it brings me to tears to see such a rising star have his life cut so short. He lived and breath Royals. We loved him & miss him.
Far too young. #RIP Yordano
RIP
ganen
why am I just now seeing this this? Smh so sad..
I'm sad too
come on guys, win the World Series for Yordano Ventura, please. That would set my heart at ease. #RiPACE.
salvador and hosmer tristesa :(
YORDANO IS NOT DEAD. Yordano is in the DUMBS (deep underground military bases)&is a slave&forced2play for the Brooklyn Blazers
@Enrique_Rojas1 En grande la memoria de yordano siempre los dominicano te recordaremos como un grande#royars
it is truly heartbreaking
@GraedenS  what happened?
killed in a car accident at 25 y/o.
"@Royals: We are heartbroken. #RipAce " lost way to soon
RIP Yordano Ventura, was very sad to hear this on the mlb network and all over yahoo news last night!! :(
@iLetsPlayBall Something about him was #electric on the diamond!
yes Yordano didn't back down from any type challenge it was part of his talented make up Learning from every outing
we will all miss him #RipAce

que tristeza de verdad
Sorry for your loss
Really sad...so sorry for the entire Kansas City Royals family...may your loved one RIP.....
@RyanMattheus What a great loss to the baseball world. Your hurt is all Our hurt. Rip
Condolences to his family, Royals family and friends.
today will be a tough day for all of us 
Cubs fans are with you in these hard times May Yordano rest in peace. You guys are in my prayers.  Dios los bendiga
prayers to his family.
a tragic loss for the royals family
RIP Ventura 
muy lamentable su muerte estamo de luto paz asu arma.
#RIPAce
@Brock7118 a talented life and human gone way too soon. Bless his family
RIIP many prayers for the family and teammates
very sad day for Kansas City gone way to soon # Ventura #30 #FOREVERROYAL
so sad to hear terrrible news @ventura
so messed up
I can't believe this, I don't know what to say or what to think, this should not happened but is real and I feel so sad... #RipAce
#RIPAce
so sad for the Royals Nation
prayers to all Ventura's teammates, family and friends. May God comfort you all during this   time.
so are we I love baseball was happy when you won the WS
so deeply sad
me so sad for yordono Ventura
@tigers A sad day for all #mlb fans. Sending prayers to his family and teammates and all of Royals Nation. #RiPACE
@aguilascibaenas 
so sorry for your loss of your team mate and his family and friends, God bless all of you guy's and family
can't believe this shit 
not yet Jose and now this, another heartbreaking loss of young life and talent. I can't even think about watching baseball this year
the royals lost a great player but the Latin community has lost a great young person
RIP God Bless you and your loved ones.
I am so sorry for your loss.  Prayers sent to his family and friends.  ♡♡♡
sorry for your loss.
Red Sox Nation is praying for you and his family #RiPACE
Sorry for your loss from a devoted Orioles fan. He was a good pitcher.
RIP
@nicolevogelsong why must the good die young?
RIP 
very sad day in sports. Will be in my prayers. A Met fan who enjoys competition.
very sad. My condolences to the Ventura & Royals Family.
my heart goes out to his family such a tragedy
so sorry for your loss... 
thoughts are with your organization
tragic. I am so sorry for your loss.
we are praying for the family and team from Chicago.  As a @Cubs  fan we are thinking of you all.  Such a young talent
#RipAce I'm sorry for your loss.  He will always be in your hearts.
sorry for your loss
I still have my memories. He won't be forgotten. #RIPAce
I Can't believe I'm not gonna see this amazing talented man on the mound this spring. Doesn't seem real. Loved his passion. #RIPAce
I'm so very sorry for your loss. Sincere condolences to everyone in your organization. 
- A Blue Jays fan.
Still in shock!  #RIPAce
Haven't been on all day & just hearing the news. I am in SHOCK. Wow. Thoughts & Prayers.....
still in disbelief... #ripace
Such a young talent gone at at a young age. Our prayers are with the team and the family .
God Bless
God speed Ace!
KC Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura died in a car crash, only 25 yrs old.
such a tragedy. God bless you all
so sad to hear prayers
is royals fan fest still on??
sorry KC. I'm a @Indians fan but to see a player in the league pass away so young and so talented it horrible. Sorry for your loss
so sorry!!
we are too.
Thinking of you all today. Such terrible news.
My sympathies, this stuff has been too frequent around mlb recently
gonna miss his fire
- so sad for your loss. Condolences fr a Rangers fan. Prayers for the entire Royals organization & Yordano's family.
Absolutely tragic, and he was one of the incredibly loving players who gave love and respect when Oscar died. From a Cards fan, #RipAce
@GDubscards So hard to believe 2 were taken so young  #GoneButNeverForgotten #RIPAce #RIPMarte
@MLBNetwork Rest in peace. Condolences to his family, friends, and the Royals organization.
so sorry for your loss 
you were there for us after losing Oscar. We're here for you. #CardinalNation #STLCards #Royals
sad day for all Kansas Citians
A sad day for the Royals family. Way to young to leave. Will miss is fire and competition he brought to the mound.
sending my condolences to the Royals, and the Ventura family. R.I.P 

- Blue Jays Fan.
Praying for his family, the organization, and KC fans...
I am so very sorry for your entire Royals family. I'll always remember his competitiveness & big, beautiful smile.Devastating loss.
my condolences so sad 
I'm heartbroken :( I saw him pitch against us in World Series. This Mets fan feels your pain. Prayers to KC organization/families.
damn
....Love and prayers from a cross state cousin.
I am SO sorry. He was such a wonderful team member. My heart breaks with you.
as a @Marlins fan we went through this not too long ago. We all feel for you. Another young star taken too soon.

that's very terrible to hear
Prayers up to all Royal's fans, the team, and especially this young man's family...so sorry 4 ur loss...#RIP
so sad, Forever Royals 
RIP  and prayers go out
he was a great pitcher who's career was cut tragically short, we'll all miss him #RIPAce
@16SRrebellion 
very sad news. Hate to hear it.
man. No way 
He was so much fun to watch! So sad.
#RipAce
@Marlins fan here so sad to see this another young talented life gone way to soon prayers to the family we know how you feel
So sad to lose anyone at 25 years old. Such an important part of the Royals family and team makes it even more tragic. RIP Yordano.
my condolences to everyone
Very sad indeed
I know. I'm so heartbroken.
sad day for the Kansas City Royals #RIPAce
Gone much too soon. RIP YV
condloances
Guy was a confident player and a heck of a pitcher. Took care of business against my Giants in the 2014 WS. RIP Ventura. 
RIP Ace
I am so sorry for your loss. My prayers are with you...
Condolences to all at this sad time.  RIP Yordano
I was so sad to see this. I've watched him pitch against the Tigers several times. My heart goes out to the team and his loved ones.
my heart is breaking. #RipAce
Definitely heartbroken!!  We will miss him terribly, prayers to his family and organization.
sorry for your loss
Condolences!
he got in a car accident
God Bless you guys. I'm so very sorry.
your loss will be felt by so many. Prayers for all of you and his loved ones. Tragic.
Cardinal Nation knows your pain. Your I-70 family is sending nothing but love & comfort. RIP, Yordano. #GoneTooSoon @Cardinals
You're all in my prayers.
We lost a solider and a brother, you will be missed @Royals
@ToddGreene20 truly Pedro Jr. Threw BB's
@StrangeMusicInc wow man at so young age ;(
@RebeccaHaarlow Such a tragedy. Way too soon to pass. #onlythegooddieyoung
My thoughts and prayers are with his family, friends and the Royals organization.
thoughts are w your entire organization!
I am a Cubs fan but in baseball there are no borders. I am so sorry for your loss and condolences to his family. #royalstrong
씨ㅍ.......명복을 빕니다..... fuc.....RIP Ace. Miss you
as a orioles fan My heart prayers and condolences goes out to ur organization during this time
So sad. This city will be in mourning for a long time on this.
@CobyGrimes
So sorry you guys. 
I am just sad such a young life lost
#gonetoosoon #foreverroyal
sorry for your loss from an Os fan
I cant believe it, I am sorry to hear that...
Absolutely heartbreaking! Prayers for his family & team family.
such sad news. My condolences to his family, both off the field and on.

Very sad day for KC. Thinking of The Ventura Family & The Royals Family and wishing strength for you all. #30 will be missed.
#RIPYordano   Deepest sympathies to his family, friends and team mates.
@TSPNNET
rip ace.. you will be missed.... condolences to your family.. also to the @Braves  for Andy Marte 
he gained his angel wings. Truely saddened and he witll truely be missed. #RIPVentura #ForeverRoyal
yordano has been given wings, and traded to the Angels.
So sorry. Prayers to his family and friends  @Royals
RIP, Yordano :(
@BUnderwoodWKRC So sad
prayers for the entire baseball community! #RIPYordanoVentura
Sad day for us all. #RIPace
My condolences to his teammates, family, and friends.
I think I'm going to be sick...
so sorry to the family of Ventura and to the Royals family.  Heartbreaking to say the least.
Man, This sucks. He was such a talented player and teammate. May he rest in peace. #royals  #ForeverRoyal
sorry for your loss @Cardinals fan #RipAce
I wonder if this was done on purpose? It just seems unreal #RestInPeace #YordanoVentura #Royals #KC
as a true baseball fan, my heart  aches for your team, city and Yordano's family. Rest in peace.
I speak on behalf of all @Cubs fans. We are terribly sorry for your loss. Such a tragic accident. You guys will pull through.
RIP
So, so sad. Prayers for his family and the team.
Stunned and saddened to hear of the lose of a very young man in the early years of his career and life.   My condolences to all.
R.I.P Champ, now you are in heaven playing good baseball with the Baseball Legens.
