Going to use the same stock photo every time to SHOW you are on the phone? Why not just a photo of your answering machine?
Are Kansans born in the banned countries true Americans? Do you have their backs at all? Can they ever go see their families?
.@SenPatRoberts Thousands of your constituents went to this FB page as your phones are still busy. You didn't listen to any of us.
as your constituent vote NO on Devos. Please WITHOLD CONSENT.
hello dear how are you doing today
am doing well and what about you too dear
please vote no on Betsy DeVos. Public education deserves an advocate that inspires change not one that abandons need.
is that phone plugged in?
I've called, I've emailed...please do what is right. #VoteNoDevos
@SenPatRoberts we Kansans are not impressed with your unavailability. You work for us, remember?
vote no on DeVos. Get Bannon out of the NSC
this is also a repost of the picture from Jan 24, 2017. You didn't do any work for this either. Just like the seat you hold.
please vote no on Devos.
... and then you hang up and laugh and laugh and vote along party lines regardless.  SMH  Kansas should be ashamed.  I am.
Made so many attempts to have discussion with you regarding DeVos but all failed due to different reasons! Say no to Devos!
KS Dist 3 voter here. Please vote No on Devos, and Bannon must be removed from NSC, never approved by Senate. Pls see Code50
total bullshit.
You haven't listened to ANYONE. Your lines were so flooded they failed! And yet, despite all the people and their input...
on the phone telling his spouse dinner better be on the table and steaming HOT when he gets home after voting yes on DeVos
Here are my thoughts and concerns. No on DeVos.
Price has too many conflicts of interest/insider trading to guide healthcare for KS. Please vote no. https://www.wsj.com/articles/rep-tom-price-got-privileged-discounted-offer-on-biomedical-stock-company-says-1485800769 …
please stand up for us! Vote no!
KS voter in 66213. Please vote no on DeVos. Privatization and charter would destroy KS rural public districts.
I don't think you were listening at all! Otherwise you would have voted against Betsy DeVos.
THOUSANDS OF CALLS....but you didn't listen, did ya?
no you don't. No one wanted #DeVos
extremely disappointed in your approval of DeVos. Interested in data re: your constituent communications in favor v. against
Please vote no on DeVos. Public ed needs highly qualified leadership for the challenges kids face today and in the future.
U represent KS Teachers will remember how U vote #DumpDevos Bad 4 KS Education #resist Politics can't be as usual
NO to DeVos!
What are you voting on DeVos today?
.@SenPatRoberts except y'all don't respond to emails. I'll stick to calling. Might want to hire more interns.
they can't afford any more unpaid interns.
pls vote No on Betsy Devos & pls withhold consent on immigration ban. Do right for USA!
Please stand up to President Trump. Fix travel ban mess and vote no on Sessions,DeVos and Pruitt.
please vote NO on DeVos. Do not stay silent on education for KS children.
Betsy DeVos is the wrong person for DOE.  Don't vote for her confirmation
... No on DeVos!
this land is ashamed as an American of the actions taken by Trump. Extreme vetting already exists. #StandUpToTrump #noban
Please vote no on DeVos. You have been a strong supporter of education in the past. Please don't stop now.
Kansas has a proud history as a Free State.  Keep us proud. No to Sessions.
@ksucats96 please vote NO on DeVos.  Uniquely unqualified.
For Kansas' sake, please vote no for Betsy DeVos!
Senator, I've been trying to call for 30 minutes. Please vote against Sessions for AG and Devos for Education. They're unfit.
Please vote no on DeVos.  Not qualified.  Insult to U.S. Constitution separation of church and state.
Vote NO on DeVos! Support public education in Kansas and across the U.S.
vote no on DeVos.  Join @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC in standing up for the legislative branch. Love from Shawnee, KS
oh and definitely no to Tillerson.  Russian isn't taught in all KS public schools so we are at disadvantage.
vote no on Devoes and Sessions. Actually they are all unqualified for the jobs they are seeking, but those two are the worst.
Been calling and writing for days. Vote NO on DeVos. #noDeVos When have you ever seen this level of opposition from Kansans?
Im a proud grad of Randolph Elementary in Topeka, and now a prof at a public univ. please vote NO on DeVos & defend public ed
vote no on DeVos. This is not a Republican issue but one of protecting public education for Kansas kids!
Vote no on DeVoss. Her policies will be harmful for Kansas.
Vote NO on Betsy Devos.
.@SenPatRoberts PLEASE vote NO on Betsy DeVos.  Thank you.
As a lifelong Kansas resident with 2 children in public schools, I urge you to vote NO to DeVos. #StopDeVos
Please vote NO on Devos.  We need a leader with public education experience.  Please!
please do not vote in favor for Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. #supportpubliceducation
Kansas special election in April. Wanna see democrats in droves? #StandUpToTrump #removepresidentbannon #stopTillerson #NSC
please do NOT support @realDonaldTrump cabinet picks. WE are  outraged in the great state of Kansas
I received my awesome elementary public education in Kansas and I am a teacher now. Please vote no on DeVos
support Trump!
Kansans don't want DeVos. Schools are the cornerstones of small towns. Don't let an out-of-touch billionaire call the shots.
I'm sure you'll ease the stress on your phone lines if you commit to vote NO on DeVos!
please stand by your state and your country and do not support DeVoss or Bannon.
vote NO on Devos, put the kansas and the country first
vote no on DeVos! Kansas public ed is in enough trouble without Betsy DeVos! Property tax doubled to keep schools open.
vote NO for Betsy DeVos!!!
As a public school teacher in Kansas, I urge you to vote NO on Devos!
Registered KS voter in 66224. Please vote No on DeVos. She is absolutely, uniquely unqualified to run public ed. #StopDeVos
@ksucats96.  Vote NO on Betsy DeVos!  Please put our state and your constituents ahead of your party affiliation.
Vote No on Devos.
tried to call for many days and your mailbox is full. Please, please vote no on DeVos. Your constituency is depending on you.
Since @SenPatRoberts DC ofc couldn't connect, I called the Topeka ofc (voicemail full) and Wichita (left msg w/staffer). Keep calling!
We can only hope you're listening to, and will abide by, the will of the people that are filling up your phone lines.
i'm sure the phone lines are busy! NO DEVOSS, SESSIONS, PRICE, MNUCHIN AND ALL THE REST OF THE SWAMP DWELLERS!!
A resounding NO on Devos! She would be a disaster for our kids' education.
vote no on DeVos.
No on Mnuchin
Oppose Bannon on National Security Council. No on DeVos, Sessions, Price, etal.  No muslim ban.
Permanent retirement will come for you all after the next election
There is a real problem if the Koch brothers don't even support this administration. You all need to wake up soon
2018 elections are just around the corner. Republicans are going to lose a lot of seats in both house and senate.
Get your decency and morals out of your pocket and get the dictator and his ban of cronies out of the People's house
How about do some work and vote no on Devos and try and get Bannon out also.  this is not a party issue it is country issue!
you want to know what I think?  Devos, Sessions, Tillerson are a NO. Our representatives need to grow a spine
Please start impeachment proceedings or mental health testing of @POTUS .
#stopbannon
What the hell are u Republicans doing. Are you sleep. 2018 can't get here fast enough!
