I hope a mammogram saves the life of one of your loved ones--like it saved mine. May you live in interesting times.
People's lives depend on HC. We pay for your Cadillac HC. All Congress needs to have same HC as the People!!
When U have same HC as me then I know that U understand the People!!
Access to healthcare NOT #mammogram benefits outcome
https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.d4411 …
Check out WHO data
no! You meant it, you OWN it.Karma is REAL.so maybe one day you might TOO need that mamo:
You truly sorry? Buy your own health insurance.  You think we all like paying for your rich pasty ass to get a prostate exam every year?
I really regret that people didn't find my joke funny. I still do. Is basically what you mean Pat
Thanks to her annual mammogram, my mom's cancer was caught at stage zero. ZERO. No chemo needed. #SavetheACA
God Bless her and you!
hopefully pat roberts does not need a mammogram like some men who have breast cancer
I hope you get kidney stones
fuck yes
Of course you did! Don't try to weasel out now!
Were you making that idiotic only-pay-for-what-you'll-use argument again? See, THAT'S your problem: your logic makes you appear barbaric.
#HawHaw
If you vote for it, then this post is all talk, no cattle. All dick, no head.
appreciated, but acknowledge the seriousness with your vote
Just to let you know I had a successful lumpectomy 5 yrs ago. Think about the women in your family before you speak. Thanks!
Sorry you said it or sorry your true character was revealed and that the women who pay your salary called you on it?Shameful
sure you did, stop being PC.
Do you think this photo might contain a clue as to why jokes about women's concerns aren't going over great?
What group is this? Is this the talk on health care?
yup. This is the House Freedom Caucus meeting at the WH today in bid to convince them to vote for Trumpcare.
peak overprivleged white male
Their taxpayer paid programs will cover their mammograms.
Yep. You're right.
Hey Roberts - are you taking away prostate cancer screening & treatment? You are a despicable POS
Translation: 'I regret that the public saw what a useless misogynistic goober I am."
actions speak louder than words Senator
Fuck off
Your flippant comment was a direct insult to anyone who has lost a loved one to breast cancer or is fighting it themselves
Your "Sorry for sarcastically dismissing access to preventative care that has saved millions of lives" tweet doesn't cut it
@1CynicalCyborg @SenPatRoberts Damn right
Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women
this plan will hurt rural poor and elderly Kansas.  Guess you don't care since reelected and back in Wa
Men's health too. After you've finished voting no for the ACHA you should read up on it.
You're an uninformed fool that has been in the Senate far too long.
You don't give a shit about your female constituents.
glad you figured it out
@velvetbarstool when next you read of how divided nation is now - revisit your ugly tweet.  Mean/petty has become SOP for GOP
https://www.cancer.org/cancer/breast-cancer-in-men/about/key-statistics.html … and your apology is too late. You have shown your values. 
You can make up for it by voting for healthcare for all - you know, the Christian thing to do.
You also probably don't know that dudes can get breast cancer, too.
your comment shows your ignorance, greed, hypocrisy. We pay for things we don't need so all can benefit.
You can repent with Medicare for all.
I believe your first comment is how you really feel.  This is "I'm sorry I got caught"

Your apologies ring hollow. All the women I know will remember this at your next election.
.@SenPatRoberts It's almost like they're an "essential health benefit" and insurers should have to cover them.
Engage brain before operating mouth.
Your comment wasn't about whether mammograms were essential. It was about whether you valued our lives.
Then vote NO. Otherwise, your words are hollow.
resign. Step aside. You are empty.
Hard to imagine "deep regret" when you are so clueless. Shameful that you've got a vote on healthcare.
I don't want an apology, I want women to have proper healthcare. Actions speak greater than words..vote NO on #AHCA
Of course you intended it. Not much room for interpretation in what you said. It was painfully clear.
you regret saying it or do you regret getting called out for saying it?
You going down son, you just lost your job. You're an insult to all Americans.
Do you regret your comments or are you actually SORRY?!
Prove that you actually care about this with your vote.
You just meant to indicate that if a woman is too poor to afford coverage she should just go ahead and die.  Screw you.
let us know what hell is like
@jbarro too late.
.@SenPatRoberts thank you for acknowledging how hurtful this was to us breast cancer patients.
.@SenPatRoberts mammograms are one of many diagnostic tools that help save American lives. Breast Cancer is not only a women's issue.
.@SenPatRoberts every American woman who gets cancer has a family. Men are affected when they get sick. So are kids who lose their moms.
GOPers are in denial about the real costs of repeal.

Even if you have no empathy,it'll still cost you, bigly.
@xeni
.@SenPatRoberts every American woman who gets cancer has a family. Men are affected when they get sick. So are kids who lose their moms.
Are not!
enjoy losing your job.
Unfortunately, there's too many anti-choicers in KS that can't push a button that doesn't have (R) next to it.
same in my hometown of Delaware Ohio and Pat Tiberi.
Your comments were disgusting, and  you cannot just erase the impact of them with a Twitter post
what did he say?
he joked about being "disappointed" about losing his mammograms in response to Qs about services being cut
every woman on my mom side has had breast cancer. My dad did NOT smoke or drink had 3 types.
.he's http://dead.how  @SenPatRoberts will handle cancer if/when he gets it.cancer does not care.#shame
Or if someone he loves gets it… Then I'm sure it would be a tragedy not a joke
very true. Easier to make snappy comebacks than to watch someone you love die.
Well, some men need mammograms. Mr. Trump has "man-breasts."  I think he could use a check-up; I say this lovingly.
man born of woman should take care of women. Man born under Rock has no heart. Which one are you?
Shame on you!!! not only for your inane comment but also for your lack of knowledge concerning preventative care and ACA.
That's not going 2 fix what u did. Breast cancer isn't a joke. Women's health care isn't a joke. U need 2 get out of office.
Maybe you'll think twice before denigrating women & their healthcare needs again. Considering your beliefs I'm not optimistic
What's disappointing is that it took public shaming to change your perspective and solicit an apology.
Too late.  You showed your true colors.  For GOP, healthcare is about insurance company profit not people.  We see you.
I doubt you're sorry at all.  Judging by your voting record.
Words matter Senator. we know where you stand. @obamacare saved my life too. regret all you want, we hear you.
U were right the 1st time. Don't be gutless & apologize to the bastards. We are forced to pay for coverage we don't need.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
..........YEAH RIGHT!!!!!!!!!
Too late, you showed how little you care for your consituents
Sure easy 2 say when you're busted. How about giving up your Prostate exams and Viagra, then you can talk. Until then shutup!
you should experience a mammogram or one on you manly parts to understand health care.  No Viagra coverage either right?
.@SenPatRoberts As the daughter-in-law of a breast cancer patient, I hope this experience helps you get on the right side of this issue.
that is awful, and she was far too young. im sorry to hear that, and sorry this jerk is making a joke of her 
To little to late, Good day sir YOU LOSE. How long before we can vote you out
#trumpAntiCare  #trumprussia #TheResistance #resist
you showed your true colors (ugly). Now you need to start being an advocate for women. Btw, men can get breast cancer too.
then what did you mean to say? Because you don't have breasts you don't worry about your healthcare? Must be nice.
perhaps the reason u thought it was appropriate was because there wasn't a single woman in the room!
this
My mother had breast cancer 2 times. Decency is dead in a post Trump world.
I'm glad you remembered that women can vote.
if you never intended to indicate that mammograms were unimportant, perhaps you could explain what you did intend? #ACARepeal
THEN STOP TRYING TO DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD. HOW MANY WOMEN WONT GET HEALTHCARE IF YOU DO THAT
My uncle had a breast cancer. You not only disparaged women with your callous remark, but also showed your ignorance.
ahh the backlash hurt from you ignorant comments eh Senator? They'll be back to haunt you when you try to get reelected.
My grandmother and grandfather both had breast cancer. I don't know what it is you hate about people who need insurance
only reason you regret it is because it clarified how empty your soul is. Indicative of the  GOP as a whole.
all of us that have tits understand. Your tits r important 2.
I would hope you regret that comment! Good grief!
so tired of the assault on women and our healthcare.
P.S.  Next election, you're toast.
My grandmother died from breast cancer! What the heck were you thinking!? Cancer isn't a joke! Ps #AHCA is crap. #Obamacare 
The only time we ever hear from you is when you say something stupid
but be sure to vote not to cover them in full tomorrow. Then we will know your apology is sincere. #SavetheACA

Your supposed regret means nothing. You're back peddling. Shocking.
Your degrading remarks about women's health care is abhorrent & vile, as are you.
then why do you support a plan that takes this essential benefit away?
Too little, too late. You just joined the Earl Butz club.
MANY working women 50+ are on thyroid medicine!Depriving Americans of Affordable CARE can wait! Take care of traitors first!
On behalf of my wife, mom and 16-year old daughter, I wish you a speedy recision of your prostate gland.
Essential to women's health, but not essential to old white dudes in government. Hope it shrivels up and falls off, a-hole.
This is becoming the NORM for the @GOP. At some point the importance of letting the brain engage will become apparent.
Too late, you already showed your true colors.
Damage is done, big boy. Suck it up.
Dip stick.
The best way for you to repent is to become a champion of women's health. If you do not, you should be voted out.
shame on you for taking this cavalier attitude to health screening. Do you not have a wife? Did you not have a mother?
you're old enough to know what's wrong and right.
When someone shows you who he is, believe him.
MAYBE THE INSURANCE COMPANY  SHOULD CUT OUT PROSTATE EXAMS  THAT WAY ALL REPUBLICAN WILL DIE OFF WITH PROSTATE CANCER.
I'm sorry women exist to put the GOP out so. We're so expensive with all our special lady parts and those babies we make
if you actually care about this essential screening tool then u will fight vocally 2 ensure insurance companies must cover it
#MAGA How dare you call yourself a religious man. #hypocrite #hater #breastcancer #mammogram #BreastCancerAwareness #tcot
No you don't, the only thing you regret is saying the words in your head out loud this one time. You're despicable.
MEN get breast cancer too! As well as Wives, daughters, moms and graddaughters. Keep essential services
Uh, yeah you did. You're just sorry because you were called out.
Show your commitment to women's health and save #ACA.
Really?An apology?How about don't be a misogynist.Frightening that you're representing the people. #NoAHCA #DumpTrump #Resist
you should know better, especially in this day and age. #thinkbeforeyouspeak
I suggest that testing and treatment for prostate cancer not be covered.
too little too late. Empty apology from a bad human being. BRCA is no joke. I'll bet your voters deeply regret supporting you
Then why say it?  It was despicable. So glad you take protecting constituents so seriously.
Thank you for the apology. A small percentage of men get breast cancer every year & they need screening too. #ACA
You may not miss your mammogram but you would probably miss your "right" to Viagra
Prostate cancer?This woman wouldn't  joke abt coverage 4 screenings & treatment. Viagra coverage  -> birth control coverage
Women woke up after Viagra was covered: had paid for their own birth control.  #WomenInYourLife? #WakeUp!
I guess you haven't done the simple math that preventative care reduces long-term expensive care later. Do you know math?
Misogynists have no right to decide women's healthcare Repubs are greedy bloodsucking parasites and must be removed from gov.
your tweet brought tears of anger and shame to my eyes. You do NOT represent me or the state I love. #Mammography #KS
no person in your family should ever be allowed to have a mammogram EVER again. KARMA bites!  #Trumpcare #DonTcare #jerk
we don't need regret over comments. We need your courage to defend breast cancer screenings for American men and women.
How about fighting to save the ACA? That'd be an amazing form of apology!
can't wait until KS wakes up and stops electing people like you & @JerryMoran @RepLynnJenkins @govsambrownback @KevinYoder
And @RogerMarshallMD too.....
my mother died from breast cancer, thanks. Mammograms benefit 1/2 the population. Concentrate on your man screenings instead.
Wow -  @SenPatRoberts  U R confused. Health care is A Right NOT a PRIVILEGE>.  & Guess What .. Men can get Breast Cancer @BernieSanders
it's because you have a prostate that you really don't care about women's health or you never would have said what you did
exceptional care. Because that's what decent human beings do for one another.
Douchebag.
You comments demonstrate more ignorance than you realize. Mammos also detect breast cancer in men. Aren't you self examining?
A BOOB like you should be tested, to see if you have a brain and a heart
But take away their Viagra...oh hell no.
for your callous disregard for women and Americans who need affordable coverage for lifesaving tests & treatments
Karma: someone you trulyloved could not afford the care they need and suffered //assuming you could trulyloveANYONEother self
does anyone actually believe this dinosaur is on Twitter? You know he didn't write this shit.
Think before you open your mouth and spew stupidity.  There's enough of that coming from the Oval Office already. #wtf
Yes you did. Jagoff.
too little too late
shame on you I expect more from you!!!!!!!!
Why are crass "jokes" so easily slipped through GOP lips? Twisted thinking about women is obnoxious, sir.
you should vote no.  Or you meant every word you said
Your comments are appalling and illustrate your bias with startling clarity. The electorate won't forget. #WePersist
Try thinking about ALL your constituents before you open your mouth.
you never meant to indicate otherwise? What could you possibly have meant by your comment?
I missed it cable out dang it
Then what DID you mean?  Cancer doesn't give do-overs.  You're supposed to be a PROFESSIONAL.
Yes, yes you absolutely did. Denigrating women is how you get your praise from cretins just like you.
did you just mean they aren't worth paying for because they are for women's health and not men's?
Shameful comment by a horrible man - why are republicans so anti-woman?
How dare you joke about cancer? My father DIED of colon cancer. My mother had breast cancer twice and had two masectomies.
what @LoganJames said.
apologizing is not going to mask your true self. Now that voters see your vileness, we're all better informed.
.@SenPatRoberts from the bottom of my heart, eat me.
We don't want to pay for your Viagra or prostate screenings either, Senator.
you're just trying to save face. Not going to work
Mammograms benefit Americans as a whole society, not just women. Why don't you understand that?Your regret is well deserved.
