Dear Mr. Roberts, I pay for your salary & healthcare. If you can't agree to give Americans AFFORDABLE healthcare, you should lose yours.
According to some estimates, approximately 4,148 Kansans could lose their jobs under provisions of the proposed legislation.
This bill eliminates the Obamacare coverage gap? You mean the one created when KS didn't take free money to expand Medicaid? Take a hike Pat
This healthcare bill is a disaster. Your enthusiastic support is alarming, especially after CBO review.  Please listen to KS and reconsider.
I'VE READ THIS BILL AND IT IS BULLSHIT, SIR.
Your net worth is $3.13 million.  Of course you want tax cut called healthcare. VOTE NO
Seniors will pay up to 5 times more for premiums.
Seniors won't pay up to 5X because they'll all be dead as can't afford the cost.
This bill will hurt the $ and health of many Kansans. If you cannot stand up for everyday Kansans we can no longer support you. #2020
Good god you make me sick. You're the crusty old man telling the poor and vulnerable to get off your health care lawn. GOP=Greed Over People
This Kansan demands single payer, socialized medicine!
The Senate Health bill will throw a vast number of the poor off health care. I urge you to reconsider your eagerness to accept this bill.
The Senate h/c bill is going to close rural Kansas hospitals, like the one here in Larned.  As a constituent, I ask you to vote no.
Kansans know that U & @JerryMoran don't give a damn about us. We understand that the two of U have sold your souls to Kochs.
Trumpcare threatens the entire insurance market.
Also deficit will go way up. Republicans have gotten their tax cuts i.e. Regan GW.
Before you vote, explain to Kansans why AK, MT, WY, ND and SD get a sweetheart deal to help rural care at Kansas's expense. Vote no!
The plan protects only the wealthy & ins co. Youre a dispicable human being.
I'm your constituent and would definitely consider single payer over the Senate's bill. And I know I'm not alone in that opinion.
Senator - Today's CBO score confirms how devastating the pending health care bill would be for so many Kansans. Please vote "no"
Did we read the same bill?  It does nothing of what you say.  It destroys the protection for children, the sick and the elderly. VOTE NO!
You are lying.  #VoteNoBCRA
The score is in and its terrible. You KNOW this bill is wrong. This bill will destroy Kansas hospitals and rural care. Vote no!
You do not represent the #majority of #kansas citizens. Quit blowing smoke and do your job, #represent.
You need to read and understand this "Bill". It will kill millions of people. Do not vote for this #TaxReform. It is not in my best interest
Under the House plan, a 64 yr-old making $24K/yr would have to pay $14K in premium. If Senate bill does that, that's not protecting seniors.
That would be me.
Would you agree to wait for the Congressional Budget Office score before fully supporting? Millions losing coverage is not an option, agree?
Ha Ha Ha Ha, Pat was supporting this 2 hours after it dropped, think he read it? Rubber Stamp Roberts!
MEDICARE FOR ALL. -KANSAN
VOTE NO. -KANSAN
Explain what "very sick, seniors and young people," this protects.
How come this is the exact opposite of what everyone else says will happen?
many of your own constituents that are disabled, elderly & poor.   This bill is not better care it is #Trumpsdeathcare
This is NOT a good health care plan. Please vote NO. This American does not agree with tax cuts for the rich & increased costs for the poor.
Please have your staffers answer the phone or at least clear out voicemails. You need to be hearing from your constituents.
When is your next town hall meeting?
Let's have open debates with experts about what works. Your statement that this bill protects the sick, seniors and young people is false.
Shifting dollars from the poor to the rich is just plan wrong. You should be ashamed.
More than 20 million people will lose healthcare coverage.
States can opt out of essential benefits; with the deficit in #KS this is bound to happen.
Pple will die. Millions will lose access to health coverage and become  destitute. The ACA wasn't perfect, but this is heinous. Pls vote no.
60% of all children with disabilities rely upon Medicaid, too.
64% of all nursing residents depend upon Medicaid.
Trumpcare dooms anyone who has family or loved ones who may get old, disabled or sick w/o money to pay for care.
Trumpcare leaves #Kansans at risk of a crisis that could easily bankrupt them.
Have you listened to the experts? Hospitals, physicians & insurance co. are all AGAINST this bill. This is not about ideology!
You said in a taped interview that single payer wasn't off the table. You are not protecting #KS with this bill. And we will remember!
Reading the Kansan responses to your hyperbolic rationalization, it would appear that your positions are inconsistent with constituency.
I believe your correct grammatical structure will confuse @SenPatRoberts.
Wrong. A lot of Americans think that a single payer system will actually work better at lowering healthcare prices. U r too stupid to listen
I called to encourage you to not support Trumpcare and your office hung up on me. Is that what you mean by you "welcome the feedback"?
This plan cuts up to $175k in Medicaid funds for students in our district with disabilities.That should be enough reason to vote "NO".
You're not listening to us. This Kansan had no coverage before the ACA. My premium is affordable and I like not living in fear of illness
Also I've noticed that once again your phones are not being answered and your voicemail boxes are full. This is unacceptable, sir.
Sir, your facts here are incorrect. Gallup polls show a majority of Americans DO support single payer: http://www.gallup.com/poll/191504/majority-support-idea-fed-funded-healthcare-system.aspx …
The @AmerMedicalAssn disagrees with your views @SenPatRoberts. Why not listen to tens of  thousands of doctors when it comes to health care?
I #vote for single payer
This bill will harm Kansans and leave many, including my elderly mother with premiums too high to pay. Vote no.
Your statement is WRONG and not true. Vote NO #NOT KIDDING  OR  i 'll vote yes on someone else for your job. NOT good for majority of KS
do you really feel it is fair to allow older Americans, most with fixed incomes to be hit with huge premium increases as new bill allows!
Look up the number of your constituents that now have access to preventive care that would lose that under new bill.  Please vote no!
If you want our feedback, perhaps you should COME TO KANSAS and hear us. This bill is terrible, as are your incessant lies.
This bill is terrible for Kansans and a death sentence for rural hospitals and many of your constituents. Voting yes would be immoral.
You need to resign old man. You are harming and KILLING us. Get out.
Filthy bill, supported by GOP HATE group.
What crazed ego gave you the right to say what "American people" want or don't want? Kansans are also poor and minority who need help.
responded to me. Vote No No No
a murderer. Represent KS protect our Health Care. Take time to work together. Fix whatever needs fixing. You have not
4 the parade. Now there is no hospital. I'm on oxygen. Without my insurance I die. Change your vote to NO please! You are not
2non-racist Man Mr. Roberts. I was raised in the town of Independence Kansas. I go home for Neewallah and have seen you in
You been on the committee's more than 7 years? What did you contribute to change AHCA. I believed you to be a Upright Honest,
You want feedback? Stop being a sellout stooge for the GOP and do what is right. Not that you truly care for what Kansas have to say
You don't care how bad this is as long as your party gets it passed. Disgraceful
That statement is a lie. Gutting Medicaid and cutting taxes that pay for the program isn't better. This is your best?
Also, can we get some term limits for senators and reps? You've made a career of collecting lobby money and not representing our interests.
Tweak the ACA. Swallow your pride and tweak the ACA. Most Americans have pre-existing conditions. Don't cut Medicaid. Ever. Tax the wealthy
I dare you to come back to Kansas and have a town hall meeting and say that.
Feedback? We call, write & never hear back. Rural health will die & my students won't get needed services under this bill. The end. #voteno
Ok, my feedback. This bill will kill Americans w/pre-existing conditions, only to give a tax cut to top 1%. You can do better
Would love to hear you defend kicking millions off health insurance but I'm sure its hard for you to talk with Trumps ball bag in your mouth
To you from me in the 66213.
Soooooo damn tired of the old crusty white men in charge.

May you get what you deserve...
PV mom here. Vote no on this cruel bill. & our legislative process needs transparency & deliberation, not secrecy & haste.
Socialized medical care is the only solution to this country's healthcare crisis. Allowing companies to profit while people die is immoral.
THIS BILL IS NOT WHAT AMERICAN'S VOTED FOR.   IT'S NOTHING MORE THAN OBAMACARE ON STEROIDS! SHAME ON YOU!   #TrumpTrain #MAGA 
I'd pay more for healthcare if it meant everyone has healthcare. You are so out of touch. Ideology aside, people want single payer.
and if we did what just about every other developed nation does, we could pay less for healthcare and give everyone healthcare
#AHCA is a loaded weapon, cocked and pointed at over 300 million Americans. Disarm it. Vote NAY.
Vote "NO" in order to raise your dismal approval ratings.
Kansas has seen enough far-right economics & tax cuts to the rich.They saw firsthand what happens when you let billionaires run the economy.
I'm sorry Senator, but I am asking you to think of us and what you said in Ottowa! "medicare for all is the only way to go." #VoteNoAHCA
We are fine the way we are. This bill will hurt millions. #voteno
You are IGNORING your constituents! Vote NO on this bill. It leaves millions without care! SHAME on you.
Vote no.  No more party over people.
Vote no.  Born, raised, and continue to live in Kansas.  Bill doesn't represent the kind of people we are.  We don't leave you in a ditch.
Vote no.
Don't worry! You get a tax cut and the House Bill protects you so you can keep Obamacare. It is the rest of us who suffer. Take care of you.
This American, (a Kansan), would like to have single-payer, socialized healthcare. Maybe you should visit Kansas sometime, ask around.
Your statements say nothing.  His bill is set for higher premiums higher deductibles and higher costs-  why are you voting yes?
Are we reading the same bill? I will not be covered as a Bipolar, Type One Diabetic. I will have no assisted living care. I am dead
I'll be dead too.
ACA has issues, but slashing Medicaid to finance tax cuts for wealthy is not a solution. This bill is catastrophic for kids #KeepKidsCovered
Get and stay behind our president #MAGA
So glad to see you're in favor of hurting so many of the thousands who voted for you! But hey, section 120 makes it completely worth it!
No! Go back & try again. You're clearly not listening. If you were then you'd know many Americans DO support ACA or socialised medicine.
Way to save the top 2%. Man, I wish Orman won in 2014.
@SenPatRoberts Obamacare is a colossal failure-only one expensive plan available in Maricopa County AZ - do not fail! @RandPaul @SenTedCruz
You couldn't be more wrong.  The Smerivan people do not want this "shrouded in secrecy" plan, and your reasoning is false
American people
You know nothing about what the American people want. You never bothered to attend any town hall meetings to ask. You are a disgrace to KS
Like I've said to you MULTIPLE TIMES, Introduce an amendment to open the insurance market nationally so it's competitive!!!!! Get it done.
@JerryMoran I want a competitive market. Kansas alone will never be competitive and affordable because the population is aging.
Too many people relying on free healthcare while the low middle class suffers. We need change and people on Medicaid should go to work
Nearly everyone on Medicaid either can't work or they already do.
If they're disabled (can't work) then they're probably on Medicaid. Most chose not to work.
Do you have a reputable source to show the majority of medicaid recipients are lazy freeloaders?
Everything I've read says majority of people on medicaid are disabled,  children, caretakers, or are working but still live in poverty.
I know in our town in kansas, most on Medicaid are either drug addicts or illegal immigrants.
How do you propose the drug addicts stop being addicts? Laws already prevent undocumented immigrants from receiving aid w/ a few exceptions.
How do you even know who is on Medicaid?
Medicare 4 all Only way 2 prevent civil war at this pt!  Deduction 4 executive pay over $500k in this bill. Insanity!  Medicare 4 All!!
#partyovercountry
If you are such a proponent of this then give up your government health care and join your constituents in this mess. Yeah...didnt think so.
#worsecare #VoteNoAHCA I want single payer socialized medicine but I'll take #ACA! You jumped off jesus' ship a long time ago. #Deplorable
Literally all of this is a lie. This bill harms the very sick, seniors, and young people (and women not that you care) unlike the ACA
I am from KS. Stick your statement & this cruel boondoggle for the rich & slowmotion genocide for the rest of us up your ass-Plan to retire
Did not occur prior to #ACA. I agree that #ACA is not perfect. But it's good & needs adjusted & tweeked but I dont believe it needs replaced
I was baptized the First Christian Church in Liberal, Kansas in 1965.   Taking from the poor and vets to give to the rich is immoral.
My current insurance comes through my employer now but that too is b/c of the #ACA. It pushed my employer to offer insurance. Something that
The insurance market place in KS was limited. I know. I looked. But part of that was the state's fault for opting out of the full #ACA.
Thyroid that I was diagnosed with at 14. Until the #ACA, I couldn't buy insurance even though I wanted to.
Before the #ACA, I was denied health care coverage 4 times. I still have the rejection letters. I was 24. I was denied b/c of an underactive
You "urge Kansans to examine the Senate bill"? You let your colleagues conceal it for 2 months and left us 1 week to examine it!
Capping Medicaid will be a death sentence for Kansans- or at the least the rural communities they live in now.
This bill is going to kill thousands, if not millions, of your constituents. As one of those constituents, I urge you not to vote for this.
Lining the pockets of the rich, of course.
Keep funding for Planned Parenthood! When my vagina was raw & bleeding from a yeast infection, PP was the only place who could see me!
Actually, single-payer sounds amazing to this American!
This bill takes money used to give poor people healthcare and gives it to rich people. Stop pretending it's not about that.
You're deaf and blind to the needs and wants of Kansans. Keep the ACA!
Apparently Senator Roberts hasn't taken the time to actually read the bill !
I'd prefer single payer, Medicare for all. It's the only fair way to remedy health insurance. You say we don't want this, but you're wrong.
My feedback: ACA resulted in lowest uninsured%, covers pre-existing con, care for women, & according to CBO, reduced deficit. Don't gut it
How can u penalize & punish the sick, kids, elderly?  What is wrong w YOU?
Thank you, @SenPatRobers! This is what we voted for in November!
#AHCA
#Trumpcare
#MAGA
Try reading this for yourself instead of republishing distributed talking points.
this is a tax cut 4 the rich.  ONLY the rich can afford health care. How can u b behind taking Essential Health benefits?
Resign
I would gladly pay for socialized health care to ensure that people are taken care of rather than topping off the bloated military budget.
Seconded.
Ive seen more ppl on twitter want single pay or socialized more so than not. So I'm not sure this Senator is really in touch with the people
