You didn't mention that states can OPT OUT of covering pre existing conditions etc, Brownback would be 1st on board, NOT good for KS
Full repeal and replace. Us ks farmers are going broke with hc premiums and fines. We all had ins before ACA, now the poor do an we don't.
Would you like to join our Governor and kick us while we are down. It costs us $500 per child for tuition for elementary school.No Mas
We can read Senator why are you lying your constituents?The GOP cant wait to give hundreds of billions to the rich and piss on the wiorkers
Take Senator Rand Paul 's RECOMMENDATION 
TWO BILL HEALTH CARE PLAN, one to repeal, one to expand,
Will SATISFY ALL Constituents!
#SinglePayer
This bill w/ the Medicaid cuts specifically hurts rural hospitals and nursing homes. Visit a few of them and find out for yourself.
Obama care doubled the premiums well your bill lets seniors get charged %500 more for way less coverage.
You still suck Pat
The bill protects seniors?!? It allows insurers to charge seniors exorbitant premiums, does it not?
Single! Payer! Health care! It's not a hard concept to grasp. Please and thank you.
This is a disgusting example of how little you care for Kansas and your constituents.
We can read too and you are a damn liar.  You're not listening to your constituency.  You represent US!
ACA is struggling is because your brethren keep poking holes in it, wishing for it to sink. Fix ACA, don’t replace it. SINGLE PAYER.
Expand Medicare, universal cradle to coffin coverage, SINGLE  PAYER
Obamacare's "inevitable collapse" is a direct result of the GOP's relentless defunding attacks at the state level. #PremeditatedMurder
This isn't an improvement on healthcare. It's a tax break for the wealthy. #ProtectOurCare
Re: your mating -porcupine quote. Is the healh bill a baby porcupine? I've seen quilled dogs-- they're tortured and embarassed.
SHAME on you!! You are ignoring the life needs of your constituents, preferring to profit from their suffering and death. MONSTER
How does cutting 800 billion from medicaid square with not touching it? GOP senators sneak around to shove this turd down down our throats
You lie.  Others will die.  Hope you come to your senses and represent average Kansans instead of the wealthiest few.  Lives depend on it.
Does this still apply? Because my undersanding of #Trumpcare3 is that it guts medicaid including Kancare...
The only solution is a bipartisan one. Stop giving the party line. Work together for American health care
Yeah, well KS couldn't afford a Medicaid expansion even if we wanted it. Soo, you can thank GOP "logic" driven economics for that one.  
Yet another example of you not paying attention to your constituents.  You always put your party wants over your country.
Glad to see you are still voting for the party and the Koch Bros. Screw you, people of Kansas! Quit sabotaging the ACA.
What are you a mini Trump? I felt like I was reading something he is trying to pedal. FFS
How does bill protect seniors with severe cuts in Medicaid which pays nursing home care?
This constituent disagrees. Will you be having any town halls this recess? #homecarenurse #hospice #SaveMedicaid #veterans #SaveObamacare
Town halls in Kansas? It would be a miracle if he still remembers where Kansas is.
