do you expect half the country to forget what you've done the past 8 years
and you should have taken your balls back from your President and voted no on two clearly corrupt nominees.
Have you no shame? Or at least a sense of irony?

- HMMM where di they learn the obstruction? From the GOP over the past 8 years. The disrespect will not be forgotten.
You would know all about those kinds of stunts after obstructing the previous administration for the last 8 years.
And what did you do to President Obama?
You did same/worse to block Obama. KANSAS 67215 is WATCHING you. #ImpeachTrump #Constitutionalconvention2017
Juvenile stunt is leaving your phone ring and allowing your voice mail box to fill so I can't call.
you embarrass my great state of Kansas. It's time for you to resign.
obstruction doesn't feel so good on this side, does it?
A juvenile stunt is showing up and voting for totally unqualified Ed Sec. Coward. Answer your phone too.
@DonaldT4Prez @GOPSenFinance 
Tweeters have long memories
You should stand up for the citizens you represent and demand the ethics review. And vote NO on devos!
But not even considering a nominee for over 10 months isn't a juvenile stunt? You're a hypocrite and an embarrassment.
awww too bad ur leader is an idiot n selected horrible people #obstruct #resist #IdiotTrump needs to go
Take your heads out of your *ass and clear the swamp slime out of your ears for god's sake!!!!
Juvenile is not even living, or owning a home, in the state you claim to represent!!
They are just giving you time to find your conscience.
and you should consider the needs of your constituents in Kansas and support the public education that youth depend on!
Rep obstruction during the 
Obama administration laid out the roadmap for this. You reap what you sow, sir.
Name one thing, just one, where you cooperated with president Obama.  You can't.
How could you support a Sec of Ed who does NOT support PUB ed when you have received 100s [or 1000s] of calls for a NO vote?
preferably down
Change Senate rules to reflect intentional failure to appear for confirmation votes will be recorded as an aye
Have @stevenmnuchin1 @RepTomPrice answer @SenateDems ethics questions.
Complete vetting of Trump #SwampNoms.
Apparently a staffer is name calling. Surely this wouldn't be from you--who urged a vote up or down on Garland
You mean following the precedent you and your colleagues set for the past 6 years?
Sound like just what the Republicans did to President Obama - block and obstructed everything they could.
How hypocritical can you get? Your party did nothing but obstruct. Have you forgotten how to govern?
you would know, you guys have perfected those juvenile stunts.
.@SenPatRoberts The GOP stole a SCOTUS pick last year with juvenile political stunts. You have no leg to stand on here.
My grandparents family had a farm in Barton Co. for over 130 years. They'd vomit in disgust at today's Republican party. You. Will. Lose.
That's the pot calling the kettle black.
Real mature, Senator. I just hope you realize the hypocrisy in your statement.
Pot. Kettle. Why did we not have a Supreme Court Justice for the LONGEST period in history?
you are gonna name call after voting for #DeVos?
Stop the mudslinging please. This does not represent me or KS well. What you say or do now affects my vote.
They want Trump to have to seize power.
GOP wants to do to America what they've done to Kansas. Turned this place into a hell hole on backs of poor.
WOW. What about all the stunts the Republicans play during Obama's time in office?
Aren't you the yahoos who refused to give Obama's Supreme Court nominee and up-or-down vote? Why yes you are!
the GOP are acting like kids-grow up and get some balls against DT-otherwise you will deal with a dictator!
How'd you type that with a straight face? @SenPatRoberts @GOPSenFinance
Put up reasonable nominees and they'll show up. These nominees mislead senators.
Make these nominees provide factual and honest papers so they can be properly vetted! #WeVote
so we can count on you to represent the 90,000 Kansasans on ACA right? Enjoy your last term senator
how is it "juvenile" to insist they tell truth?
NOT JUVENILE to object to Price an inside trader & Mnuchin who exploited people and both lied to committee!
You supported this BOZO ...now you must deal with the consequences of his actions!
