q11qaqq
It is legal for an employer to refuse to hire snowflakes. They cry 4 imaginary rights, yet do not represent a legal class
@mrsgondola Free the Hammond family Obumas apptd judge "imprisoned" 4 their 700 ac ranch. A 1999 case. They R Not Guilty!
You know nothing of farmers and ranchers. #AmericasWorst
Aha
Need Fed investigation of Oregon Bureau of Land Mgmt, Sheriff Wade & Gov for murder of LaVoy Finicum & jailing of Hammonds!
Best Wishes sir. Best of luck .God Bless you and your friends. Take care Always.
I am not one of your nay sayers and I am happy to hear this but, I do worry about GOM do you have anything in your agenda to control this?
hhhhhhhj
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers &amp; ranchers. Their hard work &amp; dedication are ingrai...
@realDonaldTrump SUPPORT THE AMERICAN HEMP INDUSTRY!  
Day honoring   the farmers ..work hard
Praying for you @realDonaldTrump #MadeInTheUSA
@JamesComeyFBI Why doesn't Comey excuse himself? He can't do the job correctly. Obama fan I'm sure
Farmers are the beating heart of society. Respect them, they feed those who are too ignorant to know how to feed themselves
You're the BEST PRESIDENT GOD BLESS we finally have someone who really cares about Americans n stand by what's right
Remember, you're one of the most hated people to have ever lived.
By Globalist fascist like you . AGREED
That's so cool! Farmers are not only in touch with nature but hope to improve our food (organic or not), & ecosystems. 
No longer forgotten? Thank you Mr. President!
Psalm 20:4
May He grant you according to your heart’s desire, And fulfill all your purpose.
this farmer seems troubled - maybe he's lost his health insurance?
lol I like how all his clothes are brand spanking new.
yeah but your denial of climate change and budget cuts will adversley affect the agriculture and farmers you speak of
repeal obama Care keep you promise
the trucking industry is being overrun by ridiculous regulations. We need your help!!
You suryly knotty-clawed puttock
Just remember, if our soil is no good, and water is contaminated, even an excellent farmer won't be able to do anything.
aren't you cutting the agriculture office budget?
paper means nothing when you cut ag dept & epa funding

.@realdonaldtrump
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS The Unreal Donald Trump should read this.
.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP
"Nixon was a far less dangerous man than Donald Trump," Carl Bernstein says. He “lies in a way we've never seen a president of the US lie” 
funny, I'd think today of all days would be declared Twitter Day by none other than you, but Ag day is alright I guess
#RESIGN
Thank you. I'm a farmer and working outside today in the heat of March. Global warming is a huge threat to all of us.
... on converting all of Trump Enterprises to coal for energy, gonna run the government on maybe pay Congress coal as well?.
But, aren't you taking away their affordable healthcare and diminishing their way of life?





Did Skeletoress actually said that!?
Yes. It was when she was working for Cruz. Her facts aren't transferable 
I would ask that you review the budget where cuts are made towards agriculture, and consider impact of tariffs on food sold
you certainly supply enough bullshit to keep those fields fallow
Odd how you were being investigated at the same time Hillary was and no one said a word about it.
I love you President Trump! Thank you for giving up a billionaire lifestyle to help a nation in great need of awakening.
what is it you think he gave up?
your current budget destroys the Great Lakes possibly causing severe harm to the residents living along its shores
lol. Total political rhetoric. Friggin Blowhard
Governator says your ratings suck 
Wouldn't it be great to have our election on twitter! It would be private and you could do it on your smart device.
So obvious that illiterate #LiarOnChief now has staff composing his tweets. That is, until his next impulsive tweetstorm #ProvokeAndReplace
Every day I hope we are one step closer to your impeachment.
Maybe if you actually cared about the farmers, you wouldn't massively cut the agriculture budget?
Also, I find it funny how every single one of your congratulatory tweets are via "Twitter for iPhone" #FakeTrump
Also, your climate budget cuts will destroy the very middle-American farmers who voted for you…
https://www.epa.gov/climate-impacts/climate-impacts-agriculture-and-food-supply …
Will Trump's budget cuts be detrimental or beneficial to our climate and, by extension, US agriculture?
Automation transformed fulfillment centers in just years… imagine what it'll do to agriculture
Today is #NationalAgDay & there's no better way to honor our farmers than this video! @realDonaldTrump
National Farmer's Union: "It's a good thing it's Congress that writes the budget, not the president."
U wanna make a difference? Get off Twitter, stop harassing ppl who disagree w you, get a job & contribute
I hate u
Then leave.
No. Unlike some ppl in this country I don't bail during a time of need #MealsOnWheels
Neither do the rest of the Americans who continue to fight for our President.
Agreed. Which means your argument is moot. Hating someone is not a reason to leave, it's a reason to stay
bet that's what you said to him after he was balls deep in your mum
Wow man. You're real mature. Must not be getting any yourself. I can't imagine why.
Right? Who goes out of their way to use "balls deep" and "mom" in the same sentence?!  


From the American Farm Bureau:
From the National Farmer's Union:
The President of the National Farmer's Union:
From http://Agriculture.com :
Let's be clear here, farming will be affected by a 21% drop in USDA funding:
Meanwhile we have a debt of 19 trillion
America would be nothing without it's farmers!
Farmers are the people who fought in the Revolutionary War to create this great nation.
Trump cares about the average. From farmers, to coal miners, hard working Americans can always count on President Trump!
you need to wake up!  45 is concerned about his wealthy friends!  Not those of us in the middle class!!
those "wealthy people" are the ones that employ millions of people and move economic progress forward.
Employ millions and screw each of them every chance they get.
the idea of capitalism has lifted millions, at home and abroad, out of poverty.
eventually, there won't be any agriculture left if you continue to deny 99 per cent of all scientists on climate change.
but that is beside the point. No-one wants to talk agriculture today. They want to talk about the FBI investigation.
Can you remember when you said Hillary shouldn't be president while under investigation for her emails?


Don't waste your air. 45 tells them to eat a shit sandwich, they will

FBI INVESTIGATING TRUMP TEAM.  Let's talk REALITY.
what do you know about our nation's fabric? All of yours is imported from China. #shutupandshowyourtaxes
WE STAND UNITED BEHIND @realDonaldTrump #TRUMPTRAIN UNITE
We all must unite yes
farmers and ranchers are the real wealth of america.  Thanks president trump for your attention. 
Yes
Yes. We did get off of our tractors ,as the  Democrats sarcastically said, and we voted. For You. #MAGA 
We certainly did :)
Your actions do not back your words.
Yes, bring our country back to real farming! We need laws to support local farmers not Agribusiness who destroy our seeds!
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Think we can get a mention about all the Ag losses from wild fires across Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas on #NationalAgDay?
- We are all praying for you Mr President.   Watch your back.
you honor no one except yourself.
Does @realDonaldTrump get someone to tell him what "day" it is every day, so he looks like he's working & distract his voters from RUSSIA?
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'd be glad to do so for you.
So stop destroying their lands and lands of Native Americans! No pipelines across their lands!
Don't look now!
You're such a phoney!
u r a liar, u care 4 no one but ur self, u colluded with Russia 2 steal the election & will pay 4 ur crimes. #Crookeddon
Agriculture Day! Gee, how appropriate, considering  all the manure you've been shoveling at us.
NAZI
as you cut the budget, I'm sure they will appreciate that shallow gesture.
Who do you think is the best comedy team? ME? I think it's your parents....they made the biggest joke!
yes because they are the ones Who voted u
is it true twitter is going down? Please say it isn't so!
BEST WORKERS ARE US-Russian miners & children - sometimes we need to be open to hard working peoples and get over politics!
I thought you weren't going to golf like Obama did?
don't forget the pipeline deal you signed and the great people who taught us how to farm. #Hypocrisy
wHEN i wAS a YOunG BoY My fATHER TOoK Me IntO THe cITY to SEE A MArcHIng bAND
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
Yep all those farmers that due to you and the swamp will be starving by next year.
Any comment about the Bundy Ranch situation?
"ingrained" ... I get it. Wait, do you? 
... by taking away healthcare. #russiagate #yemengate #lyingdonny #crookeddonny #impeachtrump #trumpyouarefired
RELEASE YOU TAX RETURNS
#Trump is the great president
you don't give a damn about anyone but yourself
You've already screwed them over.
Just not in our budget?  Shameless.
do they know that you're screwing them?
You dont honor anyone but yourself and your family People re facing that fact by how low your approval rate is PEOPLE DONT TRUST YOU
you wouldn't know how to honor anybody if it kicked you in the head.
how? By eminent domain? Taking good farmland to destroy it for your pipelines the majority hates?
yes that is good job
the exact people who get screwed over by #Trumpcare
Don't forget their genocide

FAKE National Day of Agriculture! Hypocrite! You are doing a TREMENDOUS job of shitting on America
Thank you Farmers. You keep us breathing.
i'm sure you'll figure out a way to ruin them too
Try naming three of either.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
and a dying breed once again, now that mining and oil interests can pollute the water supply.
john Wayne another coward
as a rancher, I thank you; and I look forward to COOL'S big comeback!
you Honor them by taking away the money they need
farmers are the backbowwwwne of our society
You were hired to rid America of illegal allians and to build "the wall".  You were also hired to repeal obamacare. ??
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
please help patriot ranchers who protested at Malheur..they are being railroaded and much worse! http://redoubtnews.com/2017/03/24/judge-navarro-says-defendants-3-rights/ …
.@realDonaldTrump we honor them by making health care much more expensive & harder 2 access for rural communities??
Leftists will have a hard time when they pass from this life & realize they were wrong, & get punished for it!
- I hope that you'll be getting around to that $1 Trillion in new spending on infrastructure that you promised soon...
How could u talk about American Steel 4 pipeline, LAST NITE, when U APPROVED RUSSIAN STEEL 4 IT WEEKS AGO.Liar & Hypocrite!
Your mom sent you back to the hospital for a refund.
and they were all IMMIGRANTS!!!!!!
can we also acknowledged the pollution and erosion that most big industrial farmers cause to land & water?
Do you have a day set to honor our great American underground coal miners, buggy whip weavers and VCR repair technicians?

Nunes 'Unmasking' Report Vindicates Trump Claims on Surveillance - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2mtzfIi  via @BreitbartNews
right on. Check out "eat right for your blood type" can't deny it
And in the fat rolls around your belly after scarfing down all those Big Macs! You don't know beans about hard work.
Trump is destroying farmers and ranchers.
thank you Mr President for honoring us, the farmers of the US!
It's very "interesting" that it seems no one knows anything about it. It didn't happen in an urban area so.....
Wide Open Spaces...We love you in Southern Arizona Mr. President. 
everybody knows when your daughter Ivanka is tweeting as you because you sound sane for a change. Give her the Oval Office.
Learn from your parents mistakes - get sterilized
We surely do, and We don't appreciate Monsanto in USDA or your favoritism to big Ag.  Out you go!
IMPEACH! IMPEACH! IMPEACH! Karma is catching up with you for ALL the bad ways you've treated people in the past! SUFFER!
I thought you made a clever pun with "ingrained" but then the mixed metaphor about fabric revealed it was just bad writing.
millions of democrats are behind trump and we are happy to have him as our president.we are behind him 100%
My farmer son would like to keep his current health care and so would most of his farmer neighbors.
THEN CAN YOU HELP THOSE LOSING CATTLE TO THE WILDFIRES???
You're ingrained like fleas on a dog. #idiotinthewhitehouse @dccc @POTUS44
then why are you hurting them w/your budget & messing with #NATO, #NAFTA which helps sell produce
Realise Trump that a man of greed n no character or dignity or principle, sounds like a fool when they say they are not.
#Guilty
You say "We honor AFR," but what you really mean is "We will succumb to the demands of corporate farming companies
Guess who did NOT write this full, grammatically correct sentence? 

then why does your budget slash their funding?
Stop Tweeting! Be the President or don't!
1200 VETERANS COMMITTED SUICIDE SINCE YOU HAVE BEEN PRESIDENT< #NEVERFORGET< #TRUMPMAFIA< 2o a day since you took your oath
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
Harmful Bad putting in Sonny Perdue!!! BAD BAD
Did you know they used to be called “Jumpolines” until your mum jumped on one?
but yet you still ignore the devastating losses of the TX OK KS CO wildfires.
