Oh please. He's being given the green light to be bigoted and prejudicial about any religion except his own. Another embatrasment by Trump
Unless you're a person of color, a woman, poor, or queer...so most of Kansas's persecuted populations
Or 90% of people not Koch elbow rubbers. Brownback sucks. He is that evangelical prosperity preaching "Christian" who is backed by CNP types
They love wielding religion as a weapon to subdue and make the brainwashed masses obedient to their power and money grabs. It is fake piety.
Oh shut up.
So the disabled and seniors are not part of the”persecuted”?
Ambassador for International  Religious Freedom...as long as you're Christian.
This 1000 times!! Horrible man.
Christian Nationalism
Riiiiight...." fighter for the persecuted". 
You clearly understand nothing about our state anymore. #VoteMoranOut
At some point and time. All of you will have to realize you are out of touch with a significant portion of Kansas citizens.
25:4 TRUMP NO MORE!
He's run our beautiful state into the ditch with his asinine tax programs...  At least he won't be hurting the hard working KS taxpayers...
Are you high? Fighter for the persecuted?? I want whatever it is you are smoking. It will make living w/ this admistration a lot easier.
And he put Kansas' budget in the crapper. But he's good with Jesus so......ya.
Jesus would slap him upside the head for abusing his name for raping the economy of flesh and blood people for big monied interests.
Had no idea that the wealthy, small business owning Christian Kansans have been persecuted.

Ever
You can't have an idea, because your brain don't work, just like your Commaner n' tweet
LIAR.
For the persecuted? What? He fought for white, rich people and that is all.
I guess that means more Muslim immigrants
Correction: Brownback has long been a fighter for the privileged, conservative Christian demographic. He hung the rest of us out to dry.
Brownback doesn't care about anyone but the wealthy.
He will do even more destruction to our country like he did in KS. Sorry US for another fanatic from KS.
I agree with u!
Brownback cut off their life-line by denying Medicaid benefits: actually persecutes the persecuted !!!
Thank you president Trump for electing him. Where is your thanks Moran?
Why would you lie about that?

UPDATE FOR CALLS: skinny now includes "1332 waivers." DC speak for letting states waive essential health benefits. Aka insurance gets worse. https://twitter.com/caitlinnowens/status/890595703885635584 …
Please provide specific examples of of him fighting for the persecuted?  I have a hard time thinking of any.
I moved here from Texas 17 years ago and was impressed by the social programs. After Brownback, programs were defended under this RWNJ!
Funds were cut for the vulnerable. It looked more like Texas that had 500 child abuse cases per one social worker. Education underfunded too
Honor separation of church & state
Not 1 tweet in this thread is in support of brownback including this one. Screams volumes. 
He is a CNP hack. He wants a Christian nation, which is against the founders wishes. He has a fundamentalist extremist vision.
You go with him, Pat. You are a FAILURE at representing Kansas. You don't even live here. Just GET OUT!!
Aaaaaaand any remaining credibility now gone.

He's been a horrible Governor. Hands down the worst in the nation. Remember the separation of church and state? The founders weren't fools.
He trashed our state! Worst gov in our history. Totally incompetent. Private religion can't play a part in public politics. Good riddance!
.@govsambrownback has long been a fighter for persecution - will be tireless in attacking international religious freedom #fixedit4u
This man has bankrupted Kansas.
I hope this was sarcasm. Because no he hasn't and no he won't.
Really? I'm going to need some evidence. I'm not trying to be a troll here. I'm actually curious about what you're referencing.
I met @govsambrownback when the US senator urged divestment away from Fidelity due to Blood Diamonds. So 2007-ish? That's my only example.
That's something, I suppose.
Anything to get him out of Kansas.
C'mon now. Don't make up fake news. Brownback is a selfish greedy man who has wrecked Kansas and is now leaving us for dead.

Sam Brownback has been a fighter for the Koch brothers and has destroyed Kansas.
Come on Jerry, call it like it is, the majority of Kansas are cheering the fact Brownback will be gone from the state.
Not believing it. Is that why he sold the whole state down the river and now abandons ship?
