If you would be so kind as to leave your home in Virginia and hold a town hall or two in Kansas, we could explain to you why you are wrong.
He has no business representing us
Run to be a Senator from Virginia instead of Kansas....you know where you actually live.
Isn't his wife in real estate up there?
Yeah, I just Googled it she is.
Ugh. They both need to stay away. We deserve better
You & your Obamacare sabotaging cohorts are committing malpractice & hurting the American ppl. What is hurting Obamacare is the fact 1/
states like ours didn't expand Medicaid, the fact you are creating uncertainty in the ins market, the fact you have tried to tear it 2/
down from beginning, the fact that the fine for the ind mandate wasn't significant, the fact that you didn't impose penalties on ins cos 3/
& drug cos for raising prices unnecessarily, etc. Sen. Roberts you have a duty to Kansans to make the law work instead of sabotaging 4/
it so we will want it gone. We are on to the GOPs nonsense. The only thing repealed will be YOU if you don't serve the ppl of KS. 5/
Where ya been, Pat? Not representing Kansans...
I guess @POTUS ought to have withheld one Cabinet nominee for LAST so as to get all his others & H/C bill
You do not represent Kansans. Please resign and retire and just stay in VA where your heat and mind is. If you hate Kansans so much just go.
If you actually cared about people you would be hustling to fix problems of the ACA so we all have comprehensive, AFFORDABLE healthcare.
You still suck Pat
So maybe your job now is to help ensure that it doesn't collapse - just a thought Senator - you know that whole service to America thing.
Maybe you should be encouraging Medicaid expansion in KS rather than trying to see the ACA fail. You don't live here and you don't visit
So in summary, party before country.( Can I keep my chairmanship Mitch?)
Ditto
Amazing that for seven years you all talked about doing something different regarding our health care system.  You had nothing after all.
I have to ask Senator what were you doing al this time?  I saw no townhall meetings in our parts? Get off your a** get out in the community.
You should have been voted out last election. Reports show you don't even show up to vote so you probably just read this somewhere.#Retire
Honestly, Senator - do you even remember when you first sold out? You stopped representing Kansans not named Koch years ago.
Put us and you on the same plan. Problems solved, never ever happen
You are a lackey for rich donors and do a disservice to the people of Kansas who elected you
Work with the other party to make the ACA better!  Expand Medicaid in KS.  Cause ACA to purposely fail and the R's will pay next election.
Roadblock Roberts, if it was called #trumpcare you'd be totally ok w/ it though?
Like Brownback, youre a failure as a Senator. You do not represent Kansans. You were voting to kill them and proud of it. Please resign
We want single-payer. Stop with the secret closed door white supremecist tax cuts for the Kochs and represent the people. Shameful.
You're disappointed? YOU'RE disappointed? Put yourself in constituents' shoes. We're "represented" by you. THAT is true disappointment
Quit undermining it. Keep what's good. Come up with bipartisan solutions to improve whats not working. Listen to John McCain.
Thanks for trying and all, but hope you come up with a better repeal bill next time.
Sir, you have not represented your constituents in Kansas.  Have some courage to hold a town hall so we can tell you yet again what we want.
You are not doing what we need you to do.  Work to fix it and stop whining.
All I here, single payer, expand Medicaid. Throw trillions more at the problem. Put this country deeper in debt, Yea that's the solution
Single payer for ALL!!!!
Pat, you and the GOP made Washington a place where change goes to die. Results never happen and deals are never cut.
Thank you Senator Roberts! I sure wish you were the leader of the Republican Senators. #MAGA
Return to regular procedures, allow bi-partisan committee work, hold http://hearings.You  failed because of politics, partisanship.
Voting to deny Kansasans of health care coverage. Exactly, who is being represented? Start acting like a statesman and improve ACA.
If you let the ACA fail, you are not doing your job. Do your job-FIX IT! If Obamacare fails it's because of YOU! He is no longer in office.
you are a coward who neither listens to your constituents nor represents our best interests. You serve party over country. #shame
I'm disappointed that you are my Senator. We can't have it all.
No pat, you and your cronies are the disaster. Repealing aca will bankrupt kansas residents and hospitals. You own it now.
I urge you to quit playing politics and do something positive for Kansans on healthcare. Less cuts to Medicaid and pre-existing conditions.
Obamacare a disaster. American carnage.
I dunno. I look around KS. It's pretty great. Super nice people. You should visit sometime Senator.
Do as senator McCain suggested- return to regular order and work with the democrats to repair the ACA-that would be serving the people of KS
So fix the ACA already. Omg.
Here's a novel idea: fix the problems. Stop presenting trash bills that hurt Kansans.
Respectfully, Senator, you are wrong. Look at what you think is wrong with it and fix it. Quit thinking win/lose.
The ACA does have many redeeming qualities so repealing the whole thing on principle is not helpful Please consider more than the GOP agenda
Our health care system needs to be improved. Work in a bipartisan way to make it happen. Time for action not blame
The only disaster is that you love power and money far more than you love God.  Jesus prevailed last night, praise his name!!
Sir you are part of the inaction work across party lines and get something meaningful done
 Are you that clueless?
Your bigotry is showing. Get over the fact that he's black and start working for Americans.  Lord I'm tired of your all talk no action self.
awesome! How about doing things the right way instead of slapping it together last minute?
3. Senator of Kansas. You allow the trump to lead wrong. USA is being laughed at. GOP need to get some guts to impeach.
2. Uninsured a plan that will not drop their insurance. Approval of murdering people is grounds for you to step down now as
1 I find your comments appalling! Please provide your Kansas constituents with your Healthcare plan to replace ACA. Give the
You are ineffective and out of touch and I can't wait for you to retire.
I am disappointed in your decision, as I feel it was nothing more than partisan http://politics.You 've lost my vote.
Not looking for rescue. Looking for medication reform, negotiations between medicare and pharma, and solutions for exchanges to work.
Please go away Pat.  You're not wanted as a Rep of the state of Kansas anymore.
Instead of a repeal without a plan leaving millions without healthcare, how about come up with a plan and then move forward. #FailureFriday
@JerryMoran #MoranOut @patroberts @SenPatRoberts #RobertsOut #Kansas #healthcare #HealthCareVote
You had 7 years to come up with a plan. Republicans literally made one up (changing it several times). It failed. You all are the guilty.
What did you expect to accomplish in a week that didn't get done in seven years, @SenPatRoberts?
Everybody doesnt agree that it's a disaster. DO YOUR JOB &Listen to the country. FIx the problems. Repealing the protections is NOT correct.
That's what we want to hear, you are quitting on us. How about work across party lines to find a solution that works for everyone.
You are a complete embarrassment.
U R an #EpicFail
If you would have town hall meetings instead of hanging with your buddy Drumpf, you'd find out that maybe we don't want the ACA repealed!
If you are sincerely interested in fixing things, why not begin with some bipartisan meetings and KS town halls to listen to constituents?
He may have forgot how to get back to KS from cushy DC suburbs (hint: follow the yellow brick road ). At least @JerryMoran has been around!
Horrible statement. You don't represent Kansans, and definitely not the most vulnerable citizens. Stop lying to all of us.
Bet it's tearing your heart out. Clearly we want it, must be why there's a fine if we don't take it.
I get it--that smart Black guy who was President was an insult to their white male egos--SAD!
I wish there was a way to recall federal representatives.
Americans like Obamacare more than they like the nothing but garbage the GOP dishes out.
Provide relief?  Are you kidding?  I'll give you this, you are consistent, consistently trying to hurt Kansans.
If you can't work across party lines, you have no place fighting for us. Shape up or get out. We are sick of the partisanship in DC
I'm disappointed in YOU, senator. You know it was a bad bill, you know the vast majority of Americans and Kansans opposed it.
It is collapsing because you dunderheads are letting it. Wake up and get a fix for all Americans.
Shame on you.
Single payer
More lies than you could fit into 140 characters.
Please fix the #ACA!  NO repeal. People want & need affordable health insurance. Health costs are the problem not the #ACA
how about you look at the worlds 2 highest ranking healthcare systems (The UK and Australia) and model ours after one of them
Senator, you are wrong about the ACA. Your GOP proposals are bad for America but you can't see that because you aren't one of us anymore.
See @SenJohnMcCain comments about working together. A must to make the necessary improvements.
Obamacare needs help, it's not a disaster.  The replacement bills were disgraceful.  Stop lying and do your job
Hm...not helpful.
You know nothing except how they increase your bank account to vote a certain way.
Or, KS can expand Medicaid, opening the insurance market, saving rural hospitals, covering thousands of your constituents, Then fix the ACA.
Seven years, Pat. Seven...and yet, no plan.
You and your spineless GOP co-conspirators are beneath contempt.
We want you to work on a bipartisan fix. Instead of building a useless border wall,  put that money toward a single payer system .
True Kansans will not stop fighting to provide relief from the disaster that is you.
I'm a Kansan. Listen to the people responding and help fix the ACA. Be brave!
Please face my patients and tell them this in person.
Thanks Doc!
You can fix it, without taking healthcare away from millions...
Did you hear us yet? McD's is hiring. @JerryMoran #MoranOut #Kansas #HealthCareVote
You & GOP set ACA decline in motion by choking it with the intent of not owning your resistance to repairing it despite voters wishes.
How many more years and branches of government do you need Pat???

What's it like to know you sold out to Donald effing trump?

You suck
The way forward is not shutting our Dems and supporting bills that hurt instead of help. Sabotaging the ACA is criminal.
If you would try to work with Democrats to fix issues with the ACA you would be serving your constituents who need healthcare.
How about we improve Obamacare because a lot less people are going to lose coverage now then under any single bill that the GOP has proposed
Thank you once again for voting against the best interests and wishes of the majority of your constituents.  Would expect nothing else.
Thank God it didn't pass!! I am disappointed and ashamed you even voted for it!! #ACA #Obamacare
FIX the ACA!  You've had 7 years to build a better system and you didn't.  So get off you're behind and FIX ACA.
Term limits.
After 8 years under Obama & 6 mos. w Trump, still no actual policy ideas. Can't speak in + terms abt your own bill, so trash Obamacare.
Nobody cares what you think. You are a failed Senator who should be tarred and feathered for NEVER listening to US. tRump lackey, no coyrage
Try working with Democrats like @Sen_JoeManchin or your fellow KS senator @JerryMoran to solve Obamacare's problems.
Also, stop calling it Obamacare and maybe you won't hate it so much. It's the man not the policy you hate. Affordable Carr Act, better?
Take the #ACA , fix it, rename it something that sounds patriotic (The GOP like that). Like #Americare. Problem solved
ACA isn't perfect, but hyperpartisanship is a bigger problem. Work with your colleagues on both sides of the aisle to fix ACA. Please.
I'm going to need to see receipts for these bold claims.
Single payer. Represent Kansas even if you live in Virginia.
You invoke HELP committee... does that mean that you'd support a bill that *actually* came out of committee, instead of back-room?
Sen. Roberts could have called for hearings in that committee on the AHCA. But he did not. All talk, no constructive action.
You could expand Medicaid and fix the problems instead of taking care from your constituents and hiking our premiums. #PeopleBeforeParty
The only disaster is you politicians who have made it clear we don't matter. Voters have been quite clear: fix ACA, don't repeal. Stop lying
You could do so much, yet you don't. Keep sitting on your hands instead of fixing the ACA. It'll be your legacy if it fails.

Single payer.As one of your constituents, you need to listen to us, not Koch.Or retire from politics.KS deserves better. Sick of dark money.
My name is even Koch, and I endorse this message.
I am disappointed you tried to pass a bill that wasn't yet written or vetted & deviated from the normal procedure to try & do so.
Why don't you retire.
#InvestInWomen
I would agree if the bill had any meat to it, it was a place holder bill at best. I hope your committee decide to craft actual laws soon
Single payer   
Here's an idea. Get over Obama and do what needs to be done to improve the ACA. Listen to John McCain
Can I  a tweet 10x? 
You still don't get it. We want the ACA fixed. Quit calling it Obamacare and get to work.
Title to ACA transferred on January 21st. No more bitching.  R's have the power to do whatever they want. R's own it and #TrumpOwnsIt.
I am disappointed in all of your votes. I am disappointed you don't have the ability to reach across the isle for THE solution.
Listen to Trump. He said Australia's single payer system is better than ours and he's right for once. Let's join the rest of the world.
Regular Bipartisanship and FIX IT!
I respectively disagree with your stance. - A Concerned Kansan
Pat, honestly sir, be ashamed that you have had 7 years to create a plan if you hated this one. You're morally bankrupt on this issue
Then cooperate with democrats and fix system.  Country before party.  My parents voted for you every election and now you are hurting them
you could like... fix it instead of repealing it.
You are a horrible senator and actively support cutting health care for tens of millions. Have a great day! —Your KS Constituent
