Still angry in Kansas on your DeVos vote! Plan on returning and explaining your vote any time soon?#devos
still trying to get a tally on phone calls for and against said were overwhelmed sure would like to see num
party over everything. Right?  I can't wait for you to stop representing KS
again and again you fail us.  #notmysenator
POTUS and the Republican yes men do not care about us. Disillusioned in KS.
how exactly will racism serve the American people well? #gaslighting
seems like your people are speaking and you are ignoring. #notmysenator
what a joke
way to represent the "free" state senator. How's Virginia this time of the year anyway? #brownbackistan
GIVE US A BREAK sure thought you were better than this must be age getting to you time to go
I am so disappointed in you. You do not represent KS constituents or our interests.
serious question: have you ever read Michelle Alexander's book "The New Jim Crow"? If not, please do!
maybe Trump's illiteracy is contagious?
At least white males, right Pat?  #integrity #DoYourJob
Disappointed. We will not stop asking you to acknowledge us.  You represent all Kansans, not just Republicans. Hear us.
We won't forget Sessions' history of racism and we won't forget that you supported him.
you are bragging about this?????
he will serve white men well.  You republicans should listen to your constituents.
you guys would confirm a turkey sandwich as long as the orange orangatang wanted you to racist to the core
shame!!!  #letlozspeak
He will serve white men well.
Ugh. Yes to DeVos, Yes to Sessions, and Yes to silencing Warren. Women are watching you and we will remember
voting party lines does not make you a good Senator...it makes you a puppet.
Thank you, Senator Pat, for getting AG Sessions on the job. The USA hungers for the Rule of Law!
we will be watching you #democracy
he will serve white men well #resist
you have voted for a racist and vote suppressor. Kansans ashamed of u, will vote u OUT!
I think the entire cabinet and most of Congress have proved how racists and bigoted they are!!
this is not a proud chapter. @SenPatRoberts you are losing constituent support.
His rule of law-stomp on LGBTQ rights,women's rights,&on minorities rights. I can see why you are so happy.
Freaking coward!!  You're gone next election. Between Devos & now Sessions, you just ensured your defeat.
another bad choice
Disagree. You should not have confirmed him or Devos.
Shame on you! You are supporting a racist and taking America back decades.
*if they're white
How can you blatantly ignore racist facts about Sessions?  I would love for you to actually step up and answer...one time.
We are ashamed and embarrassed of you!!  We're getting our VOTE ready!!  Bye!!
we deserve better than @SenatorSessions.
well the white people for sure. We'll see about the rest.  But hey way to sell out our kids with Devos too..
what a disappointment.
SHAME ON YOU!! You rep an abolitionist state and we are PROUD of our heritage! @SenJeffSessions makes me want to . You 2!
racist in 1986 still racist in 2017
You are a feckless yes man for a racist administration.We demand rights and respect for all people. Retire.
you on the wrong side of history, bruh.
you support a racist bigot. Must make you one, too.
Ahh yes, a racist for AG. No wonder you're the second most Republican-leaning in the senate. Shame.
Sessions and De Vos - I'll so everything I can to make sure you do not get re-elected. No backbone No Vote.
Ashamed to call you a Kansas senator today. You've alligned yourself with a dangerous president at all costs
if by American "ppl" you mean people that look, think, and vote like you then yes, Senator. You're right.
Congrats to him maybe. Sad for anyone who is not straight, white and male.
His experience with racism? I don't think that'll serve the American people well at all.
yes so will his personal believes and hidden agenda.
NO
are you for the majority or the minority
shame on you
shame on you. Another disgraceful confirmation.
I believe you both are wrongly convinced you represent our supreme leader President Stevie Bannon!
time for you to retire.
Congrats to racists everywhere.
change "the" to white and straight. No friend to minorities and LGBTQ
all these plebs are breaking Rule 19. Wtf?
Yes, one must always watch out for the plebs.
I will be protesting outside your office tomorrow. You represent me, not Trump!
You're a weak little man.
He will only serve you treasonous racists that put him in. Your political career is over as is the GOP!
everything my parents fought for in the name of civil rights will be destroyed by the new AG.
disgusting.
and he will lock black people up everywhere. Kansas deserves better. And so does America. Shame on you
please be respectful of all Americans, not just the ones you like. Love America more than you hate others.
who you fooling. He'll serve the KKK well and not the American people. You are dinosaurs.
yeah okay sure it he will he is a disgrace just like trump and the rest of the administration
Thank you for your professionalism and respect for rule of law.
A sad day in America. You have voted for a vote suppressor. #ShePersisted
No he won't.  He will just be a little pet for trump.  None of you have the fortitude to stand up to trump.
As long as you are a white male alt right Republican, all others expect your rights trampled. Shame.
Along with his bigotry.
you spelled "white" wrong
I think you are hallucinating.
