God's response to your glowing endorsement of #Deathcare. Loaded with half-truths and complete lies. Only a sociopath would vote for #BRCA
Ever wonder Y America has so much trouble with single payer healthcare that works so well in other countries? Could it be greed & stupidity
Not that hard. Expand Medicaid and fix #ACA instead of joining DT in sabotage
Right now I am ready to set up a kick the RINO's out superpac with $10 Million of my own money. #bernieisbetterthanmcconnell
What is your position on term limits for members of the House and Senate?
You've come out of hiding to spout GOP talking points. Talk to the hand, senator.
@SenPatRoberts you have 14 likes 4 days after supporting this horrible bill.   @JerryMoran has 2k likes just 3 hrs after opposing.  LISTEN!
Vote NO! The Cruz amendment alone is horrific and could result in many people losing coverage. Kudos to Senator Moran!
Gave a kidney to my son 1/11/17. His twin needs 1 within 5 yrs. I am high functioning w/bipolar. We all need ongoing care. No #BRCA! 1/2
Support single-payer or get out of my country
Here's hoping Kansas gets a senator in the next election who isn't afraid to buck the party.
Roberts never should have been re-elected.
Moran announces opposition to this bill. At least one of Kansas' Senators does what's best for Kansans and not just vote along party lines.

#BRCA will put all our health/lives in jeopardy. It isn't too late to reverse course and be human rather than monstrous. #VoteNoBCRA 2/2
This is a horrible bill. Even Blue Cross came out against it. Please vote NO! Congress should not be exempt if it is so good!
Not one Kansan wants this disaster of a bill. Why would you push something awful like this bill off on us?
What happened to Trump's negotiating better Rx prices? One of his first meeting and have heard nothing since. Please respond.
Sorry Pat, it is time for a clean repeal; 7 years of promises are worth nothing to GOP voters we actually need action.
if this bill is so great, why are you exempt from it?!?! Shouldn't you want the best healthcare we all have
You & @SenateGOP are shameful. aca #REPEAL should have occurred in Jan w/ taxes reduced. Take your statement and shove it. #NodonationforYou
The current bill substantially cuts Medicade and fails to adequately address pre-existing conditions, does nothing to lower drug costs, etc.
So are you also ok with having a double agent and a known conspirator advising the President?
@SenPatRoberts Protect Medicaid in your health care bill. #KeepKidsCovered!
Translation: The GOP hates Obamacare because it was named after Obama, but is too inept to come up with a better plan.
Roberts and yoder, 2 pieces of dhit
Please repeal ACA; get the bill to floor of Senate to debatewe need our hospital in Fort Scott to continue to provide services.
Screw fort scott
Can you pinpoint the moment you stopped caring about Kansans?
The moment the shit bag took office
I want you to take a tax hit, not this bs tax break for you and yours that you are pushing. Be more like Moran, a better individual.
Medicare4All only way we don't end up w/civil war & there's a lot more poor folks than wealthy donors.
Single payer, please.

Do you feel you are representing the people of Kansas or the insurance companies
The sens exempt selves from loss of protections. Hidden in bill. You have to know  “1312(d)(3)(D)” is the provision
Does the term "disabilities" also include those diagnosed with mental illness? It often is a catalyst associated with SA and disabled.
You just buy into anything the party spits out. Stop!!  Represent Kansas. We don't like the new bill either. #voteno
That's bullshit Senator!
You do not speak for the majority of Kansan's. Vote NO on new healthcare bill.
Did anyone ever remove the penalty for not having health insurance. That was the 'tax', remove the 'tax' and Judge Roberts is wrong.
Ladies and Gentlemen - It's Pat "Party Over Country" Roberts.   Folks, we need to vote this crusty old man out.
Funny to see all these comments against this awful bill. And only 3 likes for your actual pathetic statement. Please retire.
When's the town hall? Or do you only come to KS for Memorial Day?
You stopped representing Kansans YEARS ago. Do us all a favor and resign, you are too inept to stay in place until 2021. Just go.
and you don't speak for me either.....can't understand you or Moran screwing the folks from where you came...Rich in Prairie Village
It's dubious that you live in Kansas, so I'd be careful when speaking for Kansans.
As a Kansan, a small business owner and someone involved in healthcare my entire life I vehemently oppose any bill that increases the (1/2)
You will be held to account by voters.
You would've agreed with this regardless what it says and how many Kansans it screws over.  You're a cowardly party hack
You don't know what Kansans want or like - you won't listen to Kansans. Come "home" (ha, we all know it's not your home) & hold a town hall.
If this bill is so great why did @SenateGOP exempt themselves?
In other words, screw Kansans. I'm putting party first.
ACA's sabotaged by @GOP. No longer the party of #ProLife when post fetuses DIE w/o healthcare. Both parties can fix ACA if U let go of ego.
The revision includes EHB for you but not Kansans...and still causes many of us to lose coverage including children and the elderly.
Today your president ogled the French 1st Lady. What an embarrassment he is!
WATCH: POTUS to Mrs. Macron: "You're in such good shape. She's in such good physical shape. Beautiful." 
Sir, that's just enough money for the opiod crisis and you're ignoring the fact that the new "choices" and "freedom" are substandard.
And you're ignoring the fact that it's in order to give 400 families a tax break that they'll love fine without.
And the sad part, the part that makes me ashamed you represent me, is you know all of that and don't care.
20 something millions Americans, 120,000 Kansans will suffer and you. don't. care.
You keep mentioning "Kansans" but you don't even live here.
You are an OLD, IRRELEVANT WHITE  MAN who clearly doesn't give a damn about people. You need to get out of office. You are killing people.
As a Kansan I expect you to vote against this bill.
You tried to shove first bill down our throats and now this?  How many democrats do you have on board for this new bill?
Is #Trumpcare good enough for you? Then prove it.
Can you know what Kansans want if you don't hold town halls or take our calls? Affordable plans =/= affordable healthcare.
Continued improvement in the bill is what the ACA was all about in the first place, it was the GOP's fault that the updates were not done.
Senator Roberts does not represent me.
It is a bad bill. Vote no.
this bill is horrible and you are sentencing people to die for supporting it
This is bullshit and you know it Senator. Good luck with all the blood on your hands.

Please read the Trump/Price HHS report - ACA is NOT dying. Please help us by fixing ACA, not forcing through something worse.
When is your town hall?
Rural hospitals will close under your bill Senator.  You don't speak for me
Obamacare isn't failing. Strengthen the ACA.
tl;dr: “I don’t listen to Kansans and pretty much vote straight GOP party line. Also fuck rural hospitals.”
