You need more than prayer. There should be a ban on ALL assault rifles. NO American needs a silencer for their personal guns
That moment you ban all assault rifles, but criminals don't follow laws and so the only people dying are innocent people
Your blessings aren't helping.  A vote against assault weapons would.

pat roberts got 300,000+ in expenditures from the nra this year https://twitter.com/senpatroberts/status/914808576224497666 …
So this senator has blood on his hands if he accepted $$$ from the NRA. Another morally corrupt senator.
Well, you know. Party over people.
If there was a gun in our house growing up I wouldn’t be alive today. It would have been my 1st choice for suicide instead of what I chose.
glad you're here
You’re so sweet. I’m 51 now it was when I was 17. My emotions over-road my logic. If I had a choice of gun or pills it would hv been a gun.
Prayers are useless now.. why didn't you vote to ban assault rifles?  This is on you now!
Put your voting where your tweeting is!!! Pass strong nation-wide gun control laws!!
Now It's Time YOU Do Something! Vote to #BanAssaultWeapons to save lives!
Lol Lord forbid we ban knives, which are used in 4 times more deaths... not sure you wanna get into handguns... with disproportionate stats
BULLSHIT! MURDERER!
Thanks for the blessings. Could you tell me more about how scripture informs your leadership to stop this kind of violence?
How much money do the NRA give you a year Pat? #crocodiletears
According to others, 300k.
- Can we all talk about guns now?!! Not the Texas Church but Las Vegas or if that is too soon can we talk about Sandy Hook?
Your thoughts 'n prayers aren't enough. Do your job. My late veteran father fought for an #America that deserves better!
Really? You could have voted against owning assault weapons! Your God must be another God. Not buying your words as real!
Why not do something constructive for a change and pass an assault weapons ban!
Hypocritical useless words. Cease being NRA toady- vote for laws controlling types of gun and ownership. Massacre on your head!
Don't ask God to do your job!  Act now to prevent a copy cat!
Back your blessings with legislative action.  Put people's lives ahead of your career - google Altruism -
Bless instead the representatives who care about the people they represent and support common sense gun control.  Your failure to act is senseless!
Blessings not helpful after loss of kith and kin. Gun safety regulations exponentialy more helpful.
Maybe you should do something about it and not just send blessings. Start caring about the people and not the nra
God Bless the people who believe and obey "Though shalt not kill"
God bless any senator who has the decency to vote for a ban on assault weapons
Stupid bullshit "god bless" does NOTHING, and you craven idiots know it-grow a spine and pass gun control laws instead of sucking the NRA anus!!
hyprocrite!
WE NEED GUN REGULATIONS..10,000 A YEAR DIE BY GUNS?
SO VOTE 4 THE ASSAULT RIFLE BAN OR REMAIN JUST ANOTHER CONGRESSIONAL HYPOCRITE!

don't waste your time unless you're going to follow that up with some meaningful action such as an assault weapons ban!!!
and God dam the legislators who voted against the assault weapons ban.  Hope the NRA money makes you feel better.  These killings are on your head.
Gee, aren't you a deep thinker
stop fake prayers and do something! Ban assault weapons!
How can you look yourself in the mirror? When you are bought and paid for? You're so right about the senseless of it all!
HYPOCRITE CHANGE THE GUN LAWS TO PROTECT THE INNOCENT
If You would've voted for ban on assault weapons, maybe this "senseless shooting " never would've happened!
Where was your god before they were shot? Guess they weren't "blessed."
YOU VOTED AGAINST THE ASSAULT WEAPON BAN SO YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE!!  Pray to God to forgive YOU!!
Quit praying and OUTLAW ASSAULT WEAPONS!!!!!!!!
FOOL!
And god bless you too if you have the courage to stand up and make a change
Yeah, God bless the victims, because he sure won't be blessing your sorry ass for supporting the carnage.
And God bless the legislators brave enough to do something about senseless shooting. No auto weapons, silencers or convertors
What's also terrible and senseless is voting against gun control.
#MASA
We don't need thoughts and prayers, we need a ban on assault weapons! NOW!!
