Me reuní con el Presidente-electo @CarlosAlvQ. Lo felicite por su reciente elección, hablamos de la importancia de las relaciones entre EEUU y Costa Rica.
Does he now know and understand that you are a total fraud hypocrite and that your word is no good and useless????
Excelente. Muchas gracias
Senator did he ask you why you consistently vote with @potus & against the right thing to do when it come to healthcare, the economy & immigration? Perhaps he had just read the Economist article too.
Probably @CarlosAlvQ was telling him that free and universal healthcare is possible and it has been in Costa Rica for the last 70 years. Just saying.
is true. Is a big pride for us, the costarrican people.
Marco’s Makeover Shows The Senator Doesn’t Understand Tax Policy
3000 Facebook ads alone. As my Senator, you expect to co-sponsor the Honest Ads Act (S. 1989) to disarm foreign actors and bring transparency to the digital age. As always, I would anticipate that your intention is to be country of well-being ahead of your Sincerely party line,
I've been to CR. There is nothing about it that's important to USA.
I ve been to USA and it applies also for Costa Rica. There is nothing about USA of interest to Costa Rica, not at this moment, not at least for the next three years.
Rubio, you're full of it
Please!! Please!! PLEASE!!!! Don't listen to the ISPs!!! LISTEN TO US!!!  THE PEOPLE!!! Support the CRA and get that last vote in!!!  Save  #NetNeutrality !!! STOP PLAYING GAMES WITH US AND SAVE THE FREE AND OPEN  INTERNET!!! WE deserve BETTER!!!
You realize he won by soundly beating a right wing religious fanatic....
When’s your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
#pandering
What the hell has gotten into you Marco? There is literally nothing businesses would do with money from a tax cut that wouldn't benefit the working class. Nothing. Don't turn into a class warfare demagogue. You're better than that.
Little Marco the Fake Christian Fake Human Being. Just curious Little Marco did you tell him how to take " bribe money " or should I say contrabutions. Start out slow and soon it " could" turn into 3 million dollar.  But you still have to pay because they bought your vote.
Senador Marco Rubio 284 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 202-224-3041 4/29/2018 Estimado Senador Rubio: Estoy preocupado por la influencia de Rusia en nuestras próximas elecciones de mitad de período
. Robert Mueller ya acusó a las compañías rusas que gastaron $ 100,000 en 3000 anuncios de Facebook solos.  Como mi Senador, espero que usted sea
copatrocinador de Honest Ads Act (S. 1989) para desarmar a los actores extranjeros y llevar la transparencia publicitaria a la era digital. Como siempre, anticipo que su intención es poner el bienestar del país por delante de su línea partidaria. Sinceramente,
3001 false or misleading claims!!!! That should be a president of US??  neverever - he is only a minor intelligente (IQ: 85) clown who wants to play a king... and an urinator-heroe as we learned from Russia 
Senator Marco Rubio 284 Russell Senate Office Building Washington, DC 20510 202-224-3041 4/29/2018 Dear Senator Rubio: I am concerned about Russia's influence on our upcoming midterm elections. Robert Mueller has already been indicted by Russian companies which spent $ 100,000 on
Hey Marco, you’re an embarrassment to the American people. We hate you.
When are you going to meet with your constituents in a Town Hall? China, Venezuela, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica... what about Florida?
When can we elect God. YHWH is not elected, it's not democracy. Weke up guys, we must take our rights back. Electing god is basic human right.
you finally ADMIT the TAX GIVEAWAY is a JOKE on America?... anusbrains
No te juntes con la chusma @CarlosAlvQ
Did you give him lessons on what you did to set up ISIS? #LockThemAllUp
Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Hey Senator why don't you tell him how stupid it would be to cut taxes to stimulate the economy even though it's work every time maybe he'll go along with your reasoning but the American people in Florida voters will not of which I am one
eat shit rubio
Hey little Marco, I regret donating to your f presidential campaign! I am saving 200/month on taxes and you come out with your f shit! Are you afraid of Parkland Dems? I thought you didn’t want to be a Senator anymore... U are just another swampy pos

Rubio you are showing off just like Pence. And doing nothing important, wasting taxpayer's' money just like Pence. We don't need people like you in our government.
I love my tax cuts
Found someone shorter than you. But with bigger balls.
Considering everything else that's happening, kindly explain the relevance. Put another way, so what. #BlueWaveIsComing
Kind of relevant to us in Costa Rica. We have been solid partners with the US in general and Florida in particular. There are issues of commerce and security that interest us both.
Well, as long as your self-interests work to "enhance" Sen Rubio'ss self-interests and self-promotion, you have nothing to worry about.  Would you have time to ask him when he'll hold a town hall meeting w his constituents? Apparently, its never on his calendar. Thank you.
BTW. Costa Rica is an absolutely beautiful country. We went as a family and found it to be so welcoming. Surprised at the number of ex-pats living out their retirements there. Your country can teach the State of Florida how to create a green, healthy place for folks to live.
Nobody likes you
