If you really wanna get rid of most of Chinese spy in our country, You might wanna chat with Chinese billionaire Guo WenGui who has extensive info on this!

btw, Guo like you very much & would love to open a dialogue with you in the near future!
how about Russian espionage. They have already shown us they can and will do it again.
Yes!!!who knows what kind of tracking or spy capabilities they install
Thanks for sharing! United monster is the true face of China shown to the world：no difference b/t gov and ccp; b/t military and civilian;b/t private coand national Co; b/t socialism and capitalism.... ccp is the nick name is evil!
Thanks for sharing! United monster is the true face of China shown to the world：no difference b/t gov and ccp; b/t military and civilian;b/t private coand national Co; b/t socialism and capitalism.... ccp is the nick name of evil!
Funny that you say that because it was the US government who let companies of Technology move to Japan and China for the slave labor.
The next generation of evil education in the Chinese Communist Party
Yes , you are absolutely right , I'm an Australian Chinese , I was born in China, immigrated to  Australia when I was 24, I'm a supporter of dissident guo wengui,  here, I'm strongly request US government  issue him asylum visa immediately, He is the hero for fighting autocracy.
me too!
The power of the party organization of the Chinese regime has already been established in U.S. universities.
It's dangerously vulnerable to Russian espionage and cyberattack when there is a direct pipeline from the nominal POTUS to the Kremlin.
If you want to protect the Internet you need to hire black hats, and then turn them into white hats... they know what’s going on, where it goes, how to fix it, and how to track it http://down.Pay  them well.
Yeah? What about the electric grid software vulnerabilities left antiquated by business men who didn't want to waste profits protecting the grid?
U.S. government is dangerously vulnerable to Russian meddling, thanks to @gop @realDonaldTrump

Marco Rubio after Tillerson's confirmation hearing vs. Marco Rubio today 
At this point the Republican Party is laughable when it comes to national defense. Protect us by protecting Mueller you spineless SOB. #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller
America must stop business with thieves and liars.
Ccp steal and buy high tech to built internet Great Wall to barrel Chinese there, to make face identification system to control Chinese there, they don't focus to develop chips because the system can't make it: no freedom thinking there.....  it is time to end this evil system!
The Chinese Communist Party secretly funds Middle East terrorist organizations and North Korea and Russia. Buying Chinese-made goods is equivalent to indirectly killing American soldiers。 Support Trump's trade war。God bless Trump
共匪一直在压榨、奴狱14亿中国人。很多公民被非法关进监狱，甚至非法地无限期关押。
必须继续严厉制裁共匪，一旦共匪偷窃到全球的高新技术，全世界的災烂降临，那时候共匪将压榨全世界。
——共匪是人类的魔鬼。
I have been saying that for over 15 years!!!  No one listens!
The cyberattack is undertaking by CCP, if you wanna this not happen in the future, just help Chinese people destroying the "Great Firewall ", let 1.3 billion people know the evilness of CCP, all Chinese people are brainwashed by CCP since childhood!
共匪一直在压榨、奴狱14亿中国人。很多公民被非法关进监狱，甚至非法地无限期关押。
必须继续严厉制裁共匪，一旦共匪偷窃到全球的高新技术，全世界的災烂降临，那时候共匪将压榨全世界。
——共匪是人类的魔鬼。
Bless your heart. Somebody 3:16
What no bullshit bible verse to protect us from cyber crime ?
US GOV is dangerously vulnerable to the POTUS you support!! Get real Marco. You sound so foolish and clueless.
Senator Rubio please press through the approval of the president's nominees especially the new Secretary of State, we are counting on you! #TeamTrump
Speak up amongst your colleagues Mario!
Integrity - The quality of being honest & having strong moral principles.

Obviously, Marco Rubio has difficulty w honesty & has weak moral principles since he has ZERO integrity.

Just look at Marco’s statements concerning the NASA nomination & compare them to Obama nominations.
Shina (支那) Thieves steal technology trust and confidence.
U might want to talk to your president about this since you give so much deference to him instead of being a man and standing your ground. This is the problem with you guys in office, u just want ur position, u dont care about the people
And whos fault is that? American corporations having the stuff made in China.
We are vulnerable everywhere thanks to you and your party
And Senator you would do good to investigate how our own government policies let's take the F-35 for example have forced the Outsourcing to Nations that are not friendly to us turkey a prime example key components made there key defense infrastructure that can easily infiltrated
Lying hypetcrit
YOU do YOUR job. Pass the ENTIRE #MARCHFOROURLIVES AGENDA, then move on to other important items.
a little slow on the uptake 'Little' Marco. the real world knew this years ago. get with the times.
Trump solicited a bribe from Japan.
Japan paid. (pay to the order of Trump Organization).

Who will the GOP blame? Clinton or Obama? Certainly the treasonous GOP can't be trusted to hold Trump accountable. That is a bridge too far for the corrupt, spendthrift GOP.
True! And all our TVs and smart appliances!
good know somebody is standing up for USA!! china is worse than cuba
Yep
Russia  cyber attacks and propaganda barely  concern you. Why are you freaked so badly over China.
Yes, and we're dangerously vulnerable to Russian espionage. What is wrong with you? You all ignore the BIG FAT ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM
You don't say Sherlock.  Once again a day late and dollar short.
@Univision @MiamiHerald @TB_Times 
Ok, so what’s the solution? Anyone can define a problem, leadership provides solutions. 

A Rubio tweet: Fools take no delight in understanding,but only in displaying what they think. Proverbs 18:2

Looks like Rubio may again be a fool!!
I have Nortin, case closed.
I’m your fan from China and I’m very sad and disappointed that you hate my country. I mean, the trade war and all these hates is bad for both countries.
呵呵 傻逼一个
Thanks to Obama & Congress, would not have happened under Trump Administration.
YOU SAID  RECO NOT ANDRST ..
rubio's iphone made in china is already bugged by chinese gov....hahaha
Espionage? Look at the White House and GOP congress. SANCTION RUSSIA. PROTECT MUELLER.
China has been stealing American intellectual property nationwidely for decades,most of the software running in chinese computers are piracy. If u are an inventor or a designer whose intellectual property are stolen by China,when u buy moreChina goods,u hurt yourself more deeply.
He tweets from his Chinese made electronic...
deal with our Russian puppet first, Rubio. It's not rocket science, man.
Idiot, American companies control all key technologies. Just see what happened to ZTE
 G Morning ! Marco . Thank you , for the information about security .  I hope we can bring security back to the US and file  it under TOP SECRITY .  FINE the company until they transfer our data home base .Thank you                  I. LVE. What you do !
Not to mention dangerous cyber attacks from Russia to discredit and destroy democracy. Any chance anyone is colluding? @realDonaldTrump brings it up a LOT.
We need enemies. Keep the paranoia coming. Please resign.
please don’t change your mind if CCP BGY you!
What about all the warnings WP gives on traitor in WH? Or danger to our voting systems? Yours are selective gutless warnings. China needs to be looked at but immediate danger is compromised WH. PS You are a Senator so do your job for us legislate in Senate not Twitter

#Mueller
China has no human rights at all! The CCP’s degree of evil has reached a level that people cannot tolerate! Please ask the international community to help the suffering Chinese people get rid of the evil CCP’s tyranny.
@POTUS @statedeptspox @AbeShinzo @EU_Commission @nikkihaley
Worse-the companies that do business in China participated in giving away technologies. They willingly hand over everything needed to produce their products, then ignore the duplicates that hit the market afterwards. They order 10k pieces; 20k are made; then dumped on the mkt.
there is actual proof the Russians interfered in our elections and USA does nothing. China being a threat will see this and do as they will because they know there are no ramifications. Stop the dysfunction in congress and resign
Rubio is silent about russia attacking America
Why such an obsession with China and yet complete silence on @realDonaldTrump and his refusal to institute sanctions against Russia? We aren’t that easily distracted.  #Complicit #TeamTreason
Just figuring that out now wow
You are concerned about that now?  What about the past 30 years or so?
CONSPIRACY ALERT!!!  CONSPIRACY ALERT!!!
we are in danger from Russia, China, N.Korea, and probably a whole lot more, what are YOU doing about it?
Very few American know that, so you are a great people. Thank  you.
Make them here. Oh but we won't be satisfied with 50 cents a week for 80 hours of work.
Disgraceful  slave masters.

Thought we were supposed to be buying American?
And what about the Russia attack any thoughts on that, I guess not you don't want to piss Trump off, got to be a good little  lap dog.
Thank the pushers of globalism the last 20-30 years
Let me rephrase this for you:  the US is vulnerable to Russian espionage or cyberattack because trump is in the pocket of Putin and all the GOP members are spineless traitors for not standing up to their president.
#GOPComplicit #GOPTraitors #GOPTreason
As a Chinese citizen, I always thought US is overcautious until one day I became a victim of cyberattack carried out by my own country
Not to mention all the shit the Trump family manufactures in this country
Thank you for providing this tweet for us to collectively set you straight. You're absolutely pathetic.
.., gee who shipped all the factories to china ? OUT OF SIGHT !  THE USA GOV BY TAX LAWS, EPA BS RULES, & MAKING $$$ under the TABLE
READ “secret empires” THE BOOK > congress SPEAKS W/ FORKED TONGUE ! @NahBabyNah @OverTheMoonbat @CRTV @BillPeriman @TeaPartyOrg @freedomcaucus
You took Russia's side when they successfully attacked America. I guess China hasn't given you money yet?
No, I do believe ccp did it but he denied!
You seem to move in quickly without resolving anything. 

Are you working for the media or as a leader representing Florida ?! 

#GunControl #NRABloodMoney 
#TrumpRussia 
#Healthcareforall 
#TaxCutsForTheRich 
#cabinetcorruption #DrainTheSwamp
US government offices have computers made in China, and we really don't know what malicious hardware or software may be hidden in them. Our cell phones and routers are also problems. We need to bring manufacturing back to the US, or China will own us.
Rise and grind

China bashing are we? EVERYTHING is made in China. Now find a bible verse for that!
#NRAWhore #BloodOnYourHands
Why don’t you comment about your leader (45), he is making a mockery of the presidency. #complicit #yousilencesayseverything#coward
US is dangerously vulnerable to GOP economic terrorism ,
The Chinese steal about a billion dollars a day in US company trade secrets.  It’s costing millions of jobs and competence advantage and executives are silent.  Enough is enough.
I wish you paid as much attention to the Russians attacking us as you do China
And, you know, Russsia and dear leader who you support.
So what are you doing about it?
Duh!
When will Russia deserve sanctions? You keep ignoring this question.
20+ years into the IC silicon chip tech boom and supply chain becomes an issue! 21 years too late.
NRA Shill.
The answer is pig Latin. Worked for Napster. Btw, the IRS is using code that is 60 years old. We have many issues and all point to government is bad at what it does.

But not a word about Russia and its cyberattacks. You’re so predictable.
You stupid mind, Chinese even set up the spies in American universities. Russian is weaker than China nowadays.



You have NO idea how the world works. We are gonna do our best to Vote You Out.



Maybe ya’ll should have thought of that in the first place?

...what about Russ...

sigh...

...just forget it.  Don't know why we bother.

We need #GunReformNow
