"China continúa su expansión en el hemisferio occidental. Bajo presión y sobornos de China hacia la República Dominicana esta rompe relaciones con Taiwán" Que feo suena este tuit  y pensar con los bombos q anunciaron la noticia en  RD. #uff
Ya arranco el Tio Sam, imaginate un bloqueo por parte de los gringos donde el 70% de nuestras exportaciones van a USA, no sobrevivimos un mes
Estos tigueres no van a salir de este lío ilesos, la situación que han creado se le escapa de las manos!
Thank you Senator @marcorubio for speaking up for Taiwan.
Almost the Dominican people prefer to keep Taiwan as our partner, because Taiwan had been helping Dominican Republic in every moment, China must paid a huge amount of money to our corrupt politics... Thanks Taiwan for everything!!
@marcorubio does anybody bribed the US officials who agreed in the 1970s to establish the ONE China Policy? We just follow you guys, but 40 years later! These accusation it’s unfair and ridiculous!
Excelente respuesta.
Gracias!
Must protect Taiwan
If the USA  does not have diplomatic relation with Tiawan. why does  Dominican Replublic has to.?
Well TBH, Taiwan has made so many good things for us, they have been with us for over 70 years, much longer than any other country IMO, they have donated a shit ton of medical equipment, build hospitals, send food, emergency vehicles and much more.
Taking advantage of the letter from Dionisio Gutierrez who supports Cicig, besides supervising very deeply such questioned entity, it would also be so good to demand that it must investigate more thoroughly the denunciations of Margory Chacon, the southern queen of the drug.
Watchout for Dionisio Gutierrez of Fundación Libertad y Desarrollo. Not to trust his support for Cicig’s #SelectiveJustice.  #SelectiveJustice has equally corrupted the Guatemalan judicial system protecting only those who support or share Cicig’s poltically leftist agenda.
Maybe it's time to make a long-term investment in a nation that isn't determined to rip-off everything America has achieved. Think the PRC would be as patient with the U.S. as Taiwan has been? The PRC is our enemy. Support #Taiwan.
The CCP government is the enemy of all mankind, but it does not include our Chinese people.
I support the will of the Taiwanese people. Too many Chinese threatened my wife while we lived in Shanghai for me to empathize with them. I wish them the best of luck, but its the 23 million Taiwanese I support.
I live in Shanghai just like you.
Japan is already too late. Domestic land has become the land of China unknowingly. From north to south, lots of Chinese land. Hokkaido, Okinawa, and Kyushu have turned into names in particular on the land of China.
In Japan, the number of law enforcement is increasing as Chinese violence increases. An armed ship comes every day.
What a shame! I am Dominican and couldn’t be in more disagreement with my country’s present administration—¡the most corrupt political machinery in the history of Quisqueya, Colombus’ Island!
You have a PHD and did not know that USA does not have diplomatic relations with Tiawan since 1979 , that only 19 countries reconices Tiawan as a country.  Non of UE, USA,Canadá, londres or Rusia , so why do we have to.
You’re wrong about it... US has “unofficial” diplomatic relations with Taiwan. But what DR has done is betray her loyalty with a great friend since 1944. Just out of hypocritical convenience...
Please brother , "unofficial". means I do not reconice you as a country .
Nonetheless, brother, Taiwan and US have a “fully” working diplomatic relationship all the way, “unofficially”. Find out!
Who knows how much money China paid for that and will pay for that. The Chinese government takes wealth from the people and buy political influence they desire.
Why exactly did you come out against the tax cuts?
The people I work with have definitely benefited from the tax cuts on paychecks and in the economy. Looks like @marcorubio is nothing more than a poser elitist now. #bought #sellout #phonyrepublican
The corrupt government of the DR will be better off with China, since no longer the bribes from #Odebrecht are happening, they need a new source.
Never in the life the DR will be better with China rather than Taiwan, stop believing that fairytale.
I was being sarcastic.
Stop wording about China and worry about the people of Florida you represent #LazyMarco #Whatdoesthis #LazySenator Do #AllDayLong ???
I’m confused. We’re you elected to be a senator representing Florida or a senator representing foreign countries? If you are anything, it’s consistent: You consistently ignore healthcare policy, gun reform, immigration policy, climate change & the real needs of your constituents.
China's nefarious activities include delivering toxic Chinese drywall to thousands of unsuspecting homeowners in Florida. Our Florida elected officials have yet to hold China accountable on behalf of these victims. Why not? Corporate creed and big political donations. Shame!!
How come @marcorubio isn't doing something concrete about this? #clown
Senator Rubio, the “Dominican Republic” did not succumb to bribery from anyone. If you meant the “government” of the DR, you should say so loud and clear, and state your facts.
This is a great move by the Dominican Republic. China is already its 2nd largest trade partner. Establishing diplomatic relations and securing pledges for future aid is a win for them.
Dear senator ，please help Taiwan people, because they have real freedom and democracy . But they have been under the threat and the huge pressure from evil China government all the time. 
Thank you from my heart 。
Please go there and investigate this and stay there forever and never come back you incompetent little tit
Senator my favorite piece of Economist article is when it concludes you are a 'gifted politician with a history of disappointing'. That's why you ignore healthcare policy, gun control reform, immigration policy & climate change. You're not just a disappointment you are a failure.
We have a long Rubio term ahead of us. Can’t wait to vote him out of office.
Your inabilities are the real threat to our economy and leadership I. The world.
https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5ae78e3de4b055fd7fcee214/amp?__twitter_impression=true …
Well keep enabling Trump & China is on its way to usurping the US as world leader.
Rubio talks about "BRIBERY"................ELSEWHERE..............HYPOCRITE
Why did you break with Taiwan and get married with China in 1979?#DoubleStandard Cheater!
Senator, You don't have either quality or authority to judge this diplomatic decision...please mind your failing popularity elsewhere.  Gracias!
I’m afraid still in the American people are going to break their ties with you Marco.

How come @wapo is fake when they report about all of this administration’s corruption, but you reference them when they agree with you?
President Donald Trump’s personal lawyer Michael Cohen was in communication with the then-presidential candidate the day Cohen wired hush money to Stormy Daniels, according to previously unreported tweets.

why does trump lie so much Rubio
any idea
Leave already
Rubio still ignoring Americans in favor of communist countries? Of course he is. Why would he waste his time responding to floridians when he can ignore us
A lot of countries near the US have broken ties with allies and go with communist alliances! They will eventually have us blocked! But just worry about your lil town and ignore the big picture!
Great, a reply from a communist.
hahaha why not the America brake up with China PRC？ 红红火火恍恍惚惚 coward！
Because they US think that by helping China develop its economy, Chinese people will be civilized and realize the importance of democracy. But the communist party make the Chinese people poor both in their pocket and their brain. Apparently US underestimate the evil of communists
哈哈哈哈 你高兴就好
Tenemos la decisión soberana de hacerlo ¿Ok? ¡GRACIAS!
China will continue to extend it's reach as long as trump continues his war on trade.
ur "donations" seem to be increasing as well from pressure & bribery of NRA.
The Communist Party is educating the Chinese people to hate democracy, Americans, Japanese, Taiwanese and Muslims. The Communists persecute Chinese Christians and they intend to rewrite the Bible. They also persecuted Muslims, Uighurs. Tibetans burn themselves in desperation
Beware of the Chinese, who are stealing your intellectual property and exporting corruption and despotism.
@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump 
The Communist Party of China is now! They're desperating to steal semiconductor manufacturing technology using any illegal method! Please should be more careful.
Thank you, Mark.but we don't care. On Earth, "Can the ROC represent China?" Americans should beware of Chinese spies stealing American, Western intellectual property, export corruption, which is a big problem
Countries with full diplomatic relations with Taiwan:
- Paraguay
- The Vatican
- Swaziland
- Burkina Faso
- Haiti
- Belize
- Guatemala
- Honduras
- Nicaragua
- Solomon Islands
- Palau
- Tuvalu
- Kiribati
- Marshall Islands
- Nauru

Uhhh! I don’t see the United States on this list
You are the senator of America, do your job why you are elected for! How much did those Taiwanese pay you?
Esto es muy grave! Mr @marcorubio diga los nombres!
Stop taking the NRA money Mr. Rubio.
Dominican Republic is being used politically to continue enriching corrupt Dominican politicians.
Cite your sources. #fakenewsfactory
Please understand China is the 2nd biggest trading partner for the DR !!! USA has excellent relations with China , why not DR?
@drpinedat @Socram_anidem @Marialisu Here we go!
多米尼加认中国有钱大哥
RINO...lil Marco.
the US did the same thing in 1979
Thank you president Trump for doing more in 1 year than obama did in 8 wasted years
Thank you Senator @marcorubio for speaking up for Taiwan.
What option they had with the hate speech of Trump on Latin America?.... during too many years USA forgot Latin America and now has to pay the consequences....
China is learning from the great USA on how to pressure countries.
Florida Needs You Lil Marco! Fight the Sugar Cartel & the Fanjul Brothers who lawlessly poison our waters! Save The Everglades. Our Florida Keys Reefs are Dying! #SendItSouth  #NowOrNeverGlades  Don't belittle us by telling us the tax cuts aren't working, they are! #MAGA
Thanks to Donald Trump the lying commi.
And in more local terms, Puerto Rico will break ties with you and your party. Floridians from PR won't accept your #ThoughtsAndPrayers 189 days from now.
And whose fault is that?  Let me give you a hint.   You’re complicit as well.
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
Marco don’t forget Venezuela is time to act now, criminals will not leave in their own will we need military force to help us,  Marco be the difference that make this happen
Funny, after your tax cut comments, I told everyone you'd wake up today & get back in line to smooch some Trump butt, and that's exactly what you did. No surprise.
If you’re upset, maybe you shouldn’t have supported the idiot in the White House whose family business interests hinge on China.
Too late to change topics.
Frim Guatemala , we need Ivan OUT, CICIG OUT
I have said it before, we need to be aware of China’s long arm reach into other countries.
PRESS:

And exactly what makes the US expansion EVERYWHERE more acceptable, and its pressure and bribery on nearly every other country, something more decent?
Puerto Rico is next, they should go where they can get help. If US is more concerned w/ hedge fund bond holders than the people, then the PR people should look elsewhere.
While thr DNC keeps WH occupied with Russia Russia China is taking over
We need #GunReformNow
So Marco, how come the US does not formally recognize Taiwan as a sovereign state? Is the US also under bribery and pressure from China not to do so?
Yes.
Rethorical question Ulises .
Oh, and by the way, MIND your own business and stop messing with other countries. You should worry first and foremost about your constituents in FLA.
So is the US  cutting ties with China too? Hipócrita.
shame shame shame
Thank you for Chinese freedom and democracy !
The remaining 19 Taiwanese diplomatic relations are able to adhere to foreign policy. Shina uses money to buy illegally established diplomatic relations.
Taiwan isn't apart of the People's Republic Of China. Taiwan doesn't need diplomatic allies because most of them are corrupt regimes who have no regard for Human Rights. Why should the Taiwanese tax payer continue to fit the bill?
Why are you delivering fake news about bribery and pressure,DR is sovereign and could pick who to have diplomacy with, maybe the U.S needs to focus more on the region and make it competitive and stop investing so much in the Middle East
Yeah, they’re following our example...
I am a Chinese but I hope Taiwan can be indepent.  Taiwan shoulnd't be merged by the evil Communist China. I hope Mr. Rubio will promote the independence of Taiwan,  promote Taiwan and the United States establish diplomatic ties, and Taiwan join the United Nations.
Me. Rubio don't forget the wall, the contempt and forgetfulness towards Latinoamérica! Let us play our game!
That evil China. Wait, who was it that bailed us out a few years ago?
That is terrible.
Entonces sobre la base de especulaciones podría dar por sentada la afirmación que establece que usted Senador Rubio se opone a que EEUU elimine el embargo a Cuba y mantenga relaciones armoniosas porque usted se alimenta del exilio cubano? 
Absurda explicación entonces RD mantenía relaciones con Taiwán por las cooperaciones y donaciones que realizaban?
And you are  making this statement from Costa Rica a country that in 2007 decided to break relations with Taiwan?. Maybe you forgot that the US embassy its in BEIJING not in Taiwan. Entonces senador DOBLE MORAL? Hable mejor de el dinero que le dio la NRA.
Idiotic statements like these are what makes you and the GOP then laughingstock of the world. A once great party has been hijacked by demagoguery such as the one displayed by you and the president. You ignore history.
Stupid
MARCO; Are you are in transition, to become a voice for DEMS, instead of the GOP? Your emphatic statement that the tax was 'not enough' resonates as an echo of the Pelosi/Schumer mantra. MSM is having a field day w/it!!! What's going on? are you now a RINO???
 Buen Payaso, y cuál soborno recibió entonces el Presidente Dick Nixon para hacer lo propio hace más de 40 años??
You are such a hypocritical spinner! The US broke relations with Taiwan On January 1, 1979, when the United States recognized the government of the People's Republic of China in Beijing. You are a two-faced greed monger. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @maddow @chrislhayes @hardball
China has been squeezing the democratic Taiwan internationally. It is also true that Western democratic countries have not given sufficient support to Taiwan due to the greediness for the Chinese market.
Cool
Tha’s a good trade to us senator,,,,,,,
Be wary of China's long history of broken promises.  I guess democracy isn't important?
Sr. Marco Rubio deben de sancionar a los politicos del gobierno Dominicanos.
Recuerde que Danilo Medina es un servil tambien de nicolas maduro
Siii muy de acuerdo pero primero auto sancionarse ellos
Quienes?
Marco a mi ese presidente Dañino (danilo) Medina de Dominicana no me gusta para nada. Siempre le mece la cuna a Maduro y su régimen.
@fnova96 @laluzjose vengan a ver como acusa directamente este carajo a RD, eso pasa porque nuestro país está acostumbrado a hacer lo que diga USA
Go home Marco.
Marco Cari-pelao says tax cuts didn’t help. If he only had every imaginable resource to help him make good decisions.
And as they continue that, you continue to post bible verses trying to save the world with your thoughts and prayers!! Thanks though! We as Americans all really appreciate the prayers!
Senador rubio, El pueblo dominicano nunca ha olvidado ni el pueblo de Taiwan ni su gobierno. Nosotros (la mayoría) no estamos se acuerdo con ese adefesio diplomático, todo por la plata. En un proximo gobierno que no sea del PLD vuelvan las relaciones con Taiwan nuevamente.
That's not good
The same way that US lawmakers receive pressure and bribes from the NRA to not establish gun controls.
So...about all the US workers who benefited from YOUR tax bill...
And USA knows about the trafficking, the curruption in DR, when u need to get something u bring the politicians and military extradited to USA to get justice here, but not for corruptions
You talk to much and the corruption in DR is a monster and you guys keep giving money to the government,u should put pression so that stop but u don't care soon the get the loans from USA everything is fine, so now u are crying because China is getting everything.
La providencia esta de nuestra parte...
Sorry to hear this. That’s what happens when MAGA is the priority
https://twitter.com/stinkpickle1976/status/991433929818279937?s=19 …
We need China’s support in Asia!
So we get Taiwan right?
not a good development
Mistake
Seriously - you care? You care about our country? Shock.
You fisted America and now you’re sorry for it?
When’s your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
You guys are sad. ALL TALK AND NO ACTION!! Don't tell us you do not know how corrupt the #Dominican government is.  ... Now, with $3 additional BILLIONS from China, I wonder, how many more TONS of cocaine will the 3DominicanRepublic land in Florida? @RedDigitalUSA @VP @POTUS
Thats interesting... where is that gun control legislation your constituents asked for... cause I am pretty sure they dont give a fuck what the Dominican republic is doing.
You had your second chance, Marco. There will be no third

#DrainTheSwamp
You need to apply all those bible verses to your on life An quite working for the Deep State.
China will be WW2 Germany and Japan and Cold War Soviet Union all rolled into one. Our Allies in Europe are sick and divided and cannot even counter Putin. Only an alliance between the US, India, and (to a lesser degree) Japan will save democracy. Sad part: we bankrolled them.
Money can't buy love and royalty.
Civilization is too long, easy to ignore the existence of evil. Let us immediately awaken the American people, unite all the civilizations in the world and destroy the CCP's evil political group!

Reagan what forces destroyed the huge Soviet empire? 

Never believe the CCP!
It's bound to happen.  The USA treats its neighbors awfully instead of helping them grow so China will fill that void.
The Dominican Republic prefers to support regimes like China and Venezuela
This is VERY VERY VERY BAD.
Right choice
Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Well we need to stop talking about other countries dictators when Donnie boy is traying his hardest to be one. Lie # we stopped counting.
$1.05.
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY

Yes! Jennifer asks the question I've had since Rubio decided to run again. He clearly loathes Trump and is a reluctant Senator. Why not be a truth-teller and help save America? https://twitter.com/JRubinBlogger/status/991313836161585154 …

Rubio you need to be schooled on the Tax Plan, you should call Charles Payne he will help you understand
So, China enacting a China First policy is bad, but the US enacting an America First policy is absolutely right. I get it. We are the only ones on the planet who are allowed to look out just for ourselves. Isn’t that how wars get started?
Marco, WaPo = fake news
China is greatest! Have smart president !  we have stupid president
You RINO. Going against tax cuts. Just change to the party we know you are. A democrat.
Dear Marco Rubio:

You seem more confused than Nancy Pelosi on the benefits Trump's tax cuts are providing to American workers. More winning, in spite of your hot air.

NEWSFLASH: When people call you McCain Junior--it's not a compliment.

Pound sand RINO,
~ The People
Why are you not concentrating on issues in the US? Oh, wait, you are - you're concentrating on downplaying the tax cuts by making inane remarks about them not benefiting We The People. Bugger off back to the swamp and wait until it's your turn to be drained!!
If nothing is done to prevent China from doing it, trust me Senator @marcorubio, soon Taiwan will be swallowed by China!
China does the kind of international outreach we should do - building schools, roads, dams, etc. Unfortunately, they are smarter than we are.

啧啧啧
China hates Christians:
Unfollow Marco #unfollowrubio
Unfollowed you because of your comments today. You cannot be trusted Marco. Goodbye.
You told the truth about the republican tax plan. It was a fake from the start

Why is there nothing about FLORIDA on your page?  Aren't you a FLORIDA Senator?  Not your job to worry about foreign countries, what the hell are you doing for FLORIDA? Change your (R) to a (D).
This is the consistent practice of the Chinese Communist Party--Sacitian diplomacy。
As we pull away with Nationalism, China will fill the void and seize the opportunity.
Too bad DC can’t be relied upon in this hemisphere
Taiwan is the last hope of Chinese people, it's everyone's duty to prevent such democratic society from being isolated
BUENOS DIAS SENADOR SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA. FELIZ DIA DEL TRABAJADOR....GRACIAS POR EL TRABAJO QUE USTED HACE PARA AYUDARNOS A SALIR DE ESTA DICTADURA DE MADURO....ESPERO EL PRESIDENTE @realDonaldTrump NOS AYUDE. POR FAVOR VENEZUELA ESTA DESAPARECIENDO. MORIMOS TODOS
What we need is Universal Medicare for all American citizens we must break the Monopoly that Big Pharma has over our Lives Future Generations of Americans Need us too get this Done Now
It hurts that I've not done more in my life to prevent people like you from getting into office.  This has to stop. #NeverAgain
This is my daughter learning her solo for this year for the first time.  I MISS MY BABY GIRL!!!  Every day that she is gone from me, my determination to do something gets stronger. WE MUST PASS COMMON SENSE GUN SAFETY.
…
I'm sorry, but an assault weapons ban will not make this never happen again. It just won't, and believing it will propogates false hope.
Senator Rubio has pushed protection orders to confiscate weapons from dangerous people and increased funding and programs to connect suicidal young people with mental health support. I don't know if these will work to stop shootings, but I'd bet on them before an aw ban.
:::sigh:::  You must be enjoying is daily bible class, then.  Are you even in Florida?  Did you vote for him here?  Do you know that he has taken Russian money thus he protects Trump?  Are you aware of how corrupt he is, selling influence and has since he was in FL legislature?
*Eyeroll.* I do like the Bible tweets. They're nice. Yes, I have voted for him! He has not "taken Russian money." One of his PACs took donations from a Ukrainian-American businessman who also donated to other "establishment" GOP. Probably he wanted tax cuts.
He has been a consistent Russia hawk for years, as opposed to all the paranoiacs who have been driven Russia-crazy by the last election. Did you know that extreme right-wingers hate Rubio for not protecting Trump enough and for defending Mueller? It's true!
Nope.  He's laying down on Russia now, and instead, doing another of his pathetic 'diversionary' attacks on China.  I don't CARE what 'extreme right wingers' think or do. I just know that we have a rep who refuses to respond and interact because he feels superior to contstits.
We don’t care about any of that right now. We care about children being slaughtered in schools and nothing being done to try and stop it .                       nra/gop no lives matter has to stop putting dollars over lives
I don’t trust China or North Korea, this new aligent with South Korea... somethings up.
China China China ..... don’t look at our administration and it’s abuses! Look over here at China!
Fund & build the wall
All politics are dirty. No exception. Mr. senator, you can press and bribe  this Dominican back to Ms. Cai.
No different than pressure US puts on countries.
Seems that USA should have official ties with Taiwan.
as traitor trump diminishes our standing as the #1 we will see China rise in power.
You lil marco are complicit in our downfall.
Ojo con esta! 
get rid of CPC
You should learn from this. 

China's soft power projections has much better results than our force projection. 

Learn the lesson, end the imperialist wars.
中共是世界亂源
They are also had a hand in the crap  Venezuela is in.
And, you are facilitating their entry into the Western Hemisphere by aligning yourself with the isolationist in Chief @realDonaldTrump.
Okay Mr. Reporter what is the solution?
America has poured our vast wealth into the sands of the Middle East protecting Israel. Nothing has been accomplished. Don't blame China.
RINO
Rubio Knows He's a Corporate Control Puppet!!
Do you support democracy or #TheRepublic #ForeFathers created in your country? I mean haven't you read ' a Republic form of government'- USA Constitution. I'm happy is gobierno de #LaRepublica otherwise we would be slaves of populism like #Venezuela
They are free to make their own business choices.
Like Taiwan gives a rat's azz what Dominica thinks.
If the DMZ comes down; North Koreans will flood into the South and assimilate it, , The North Korean Chinese border will come down and the Chinese flood Korea driving America out because they don't want the west on the border, Kim Jong un outlives his usefulness,..."endgame".
Es un gobierno corrupto que apoya la tiranía en Venezuela. Si no cae Maduro, ésto seguirá pasando en America Latina.

Tell us more about the effects of that #TaxScamBill you voted for, Bible boy?
Holy shit. Are you still here?
