Senator in order to be taken seriously on the world stage you must first have your own house in order. Issues like healthcare, gun control reform, sensible immigration policies & climate change all matter to us Floridians. You should try visit with us sometime. It's nice here.
How about Israel just stop bombing Syria. They were not invited there. Clearly attacks against a sovereign nation.
Israel has invaded many places & occupies land in Palestine & even Syria - the Golan heights. The U.S. is an unwanted & uninvited guest in Syria. France is only the latest crazed bomber. Israel can't keep playing the victim card. New game is on & getting more serious.
Didn't Trump out Israeli intelligence to Russia while he was alone with them in the oval office?
@Univision @MiamiHerald 
Marco, where were you when Trump gave the Russians top Israeli secrets in the Oval Office. You didn’t make a peep!
Russia WANTS war in the Middle East. Jesus dude how are you a Senator?
Why are we so beholden to Israel? They're the cause of majority of the problems in the ME. Why should we risk nuclear war with Russia because Israel provokes Iran?
The PUPPETEER................And Rubio........One of his Stooges
Warmonger much Marco. I’ll tell you what, come wear this uniform and then let’s see how you feel. It’s easy for you to talk from your warm cozy Senators seat.

Ew, you got some red likes on my tweet Rubio. Gross.
America  Stands With #Israel!  #PutinIsEvil so is Iran!
OWNED...LOLOLOLOL........
Another hawk pushing for holy war in the middle east
Auditioning for Sec of State? How come we Floridians are never your concern? At all?

Nothing says drain the swamp like telling a room full of bankers to give more money to politicians who put the interests of banks ahead of people. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/988953504764059648 …
Yes Marco. Risking WWIII for Israel's regional ambitions makes so much sense. Maybe you should pay attention to what the founding fathers said about allies and enemies too great. #Israel #Iran #Syria
You should have been a citizen of Israel, not the US
The 3 questions I have are will Trump warn Russia before we take military action again? Who will Trump truly support Russia or Israel? Will Marco cave in and support whatever Trump does?
Rubio remains silent about russia attacking America. Why is rubio protecting Putin? #RussianGirl
let me get this straight—isreal actually bombs iranian base i’m syria? and you want russia to not snitch because isreal will face the consequences of their actions? got it
Don't know why Israel is complicating an already terrible situation. Wishing for United States to get out of Syria, as promised by President Trump!
Hey Marco Sucio, we're waiting for you to say that Kim Jung Un is not an "honorable person." When you get done writing tweets about defending Israel, if you could just mention, your constituents don't think he's an honorable person.
Nobody going to keep dying for a bunch of fake Marco and then Congress try to refuse the real--
Have no fear, Obama is out, Trump is in... Israel has our 100% support.
Yet you've done nothing about gun violence and you've taken $3.5 million from the gun manufacturers association.   #EndGunViolence #NRABloodMoney 
https://www-m.cnn.com/2018/04/25/us/dallas-police-shooting/index.html …
And pulling out of the Iran deal pushes us to war.
WWIII ,Russia,China,Germany,Koreas,etc. vs USA etc.Nuclear warheads,ICBMs &dead bodies allover.Hopefully we prevail.
you probably should make clear that you dont support Israeli killings of protesters,
and demand to an end of it,
bevore offering support
but all you care is $$$$$$$$$$$
 btw. wasn`t your last tweet about human rights?
This was osama Hussain barrack administration and his plan like I've been saying for over a year funding to IRAN Hezbollah to build nuclear weapons to use on isreal then we get involved then Russia it was his plan the whole time then the new kingdom!!
We must ABSOLUTELY #StandWithIsrael our greatest ally!
Please don’t speak on my behalf! Not in my name!
You and the rest of Congress act like we live in the United States of Israel. It’s funny how you want to support Israel at all costs but are silent about Israel’s ILLEGAL OCCUPATION of the Palestinians. Why are you & Congress SILENT about Israel’s illegal occupation? 
Tel criminals...
trump didn't want to take a  picture with two other heathens
& Hitler XI
This is exactly what is making our world. Why is Israel going to attack Iranians bases? And why should we support Israel no matter what? When your friend does something wrong you should be able to tell him, if you don't you are a bad friend. Israel should stay out of Syria.
So you are threatening war with Russia?
No @realDonaldTrump has set the stage.
Trump has put the WORLD in danger
America is tire of "supporting" other countries.
Israel sucks
Perhaps we should demonstrate some resolve to not look the other way every time russia does whatever the hell they want where ever they want to whomever they want. We should be LEADING the effort to hold russia accountable

boogie boogie
Watch it lil marco your god's (trump) boss Mr. Putin is not going to look kindly on you talking about him
Iran sets up a base in Syria for the purpose of exporting terrorism against Israel. 

This shows that Syria has little or no sovereignty with regards to Iran.

Further we must stand by our allies or show the world that our friendship is meaningless.
Silly adolescent comment
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Never believe them！

Picture in the text: 
Our party's idea of ruling the country relies only on one character, and deceives！
Finally I agree with you on something
Now there is some stupid logic. Calling out an illegal military action in another sovereign state By Israel will cause the perp to retaliate against whom, Russia?
What are your thoughts on Kanye West? You've been critical of Jay-Z in the past, so does this mean you're Team Yeezy?
#ThrowThemOut
These foolish leaders need to wake up and understand the consequences of their actions
You need to see this , if you haven't already. Blowing my mind
Did Israel attack the base? Then they have taken a risk that may backfire, and for which not one American life should be sacrificed

Yes we do . Stand tall and strong for and with Israel.
Why?
Why, so they can kill journalists standing by a fence?
I wish you had this anti-Putin stance when he was swaying American elections and infiltrating the White House.
Putin is cornered into a very tight spot since he has to think about his base which is on Syrian territory, plus an awkward ally on the ground like Iran and company augmented by US presence he doesn´t want to cross. Too many fragile toes under the Russian boot. Eventually.
Our country that is your job. Go give the nra a blow job
I guess that prolonged war is going to happen soon very soon
Putin has tertiary syphilis
they are an illegal occupation and I do not want my tax dollars going to israel
Why don't you make it clear you don't support Putin?
Putin thrives off of chaos, he understands that opportunities for Russia will arise from the instability
Some facts. It's the US who have created the chaos and the mass murder. Putin is trying to put the brakes on the murderous rampage of the US.   The US are the mass murderers of the 21th century and somebody has to stop the butchers. If it's Putin I will take off my hat to him.
#UnitedWeStand 
#StandWithIsrael 
You set the stage for a dangerous chain of events when you refused to acknowledge that Trump is Putins bitch!  #GOPTraitors
Maybe you need some balls and should stand up to his puppet, little Donnie Trump
It ain’t gonna happen under the New Conservatism umbrella...
The time has come to force these maggots hands the chances of us having a president worth a crap again in the next 50 years is minimal if we do not solve this we condemned our children and grandchildren to a fate no one should be condemned to
Where have you been regarding support for the Russia investigation of voter interference?  NOWHERE!  Where r u calling out Trump about his support of Putin?  NOWHERE!  Where r u supporting Mueller?  NOWHERE!  So u have no base here!  VOTE THEM ALL OUT!
Evidently these two guys have not realized that they are NOT dealing with Obama no more!
Marco: read Ezekiel 38/39. 
This will make you cry
This montage of Trump yearning for the "good ole' days" in @AVAETC's searing documentary "13th" is just devastating: 
Like I said. Unfolding before our very eyes. So it was in the days of Noah. Keep it up people.
We? When did you start speaking french?
#Liar
BUENOS DIAS SENADOR SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA...Y PARA CUANDO LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA????RECUERDE SOMOS EL CONTINENTE AMERICANO @realDonaldTrump
It’s imperative that we support Israel… Any nation that goes against Israel will face hellfire and damnation. @POTUS I thank you for being the man God put into power to protect Israel.
Who will protect the Palestinians from Israeli genocide?
Oh no
Congrats, Buddy! Your love of AR15's keeps doing us all good!

Aurora: AR-15
Orlando: AR-15
Parkland: AR-15
Las Vegas: AR-15
Sandy Hook: AR-15
Umpqua CC: AR-15
Waffle House: AR-15
Texas Church: AR-15
San Bernardino: AR-15
Actually the Vegas shooting and Texas church shooting didn’t use ar15.
Oh Marco. Does Jared agree.
Forgot you were here. Go away, please. And thanks.
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
@realDonaldTrump is s dangerous potential chain of events. So is the NRA except for the potential part.
Viva Israel  America should help the Iranian people to get rid of the Mullah regim
OWNED...LOLOLOLOL........
Israel must stay militarily out of conflict w/Syria as long as Syria stays out of Israel.  USA will handle ours & Israel problems w/Assad.  Israel needs to understand she can’t expand settlement at the expense of Palestinians lives. That is not the UN & American way. @smerconish
Is there any point in time when you will address what Russia did in our country? What they are still doing? The chaos at home? The suppression of the press? Our loss of ethical leadership? #Hypocrite #ResignNow #RecallRubio
What did Russia do in your country I ask
No doubt that #Trumpovitch leaked it possibly using his unsecured android device. When are you going to wake up, Marco?
Exactly what Israel needs another enemy. Then the world cries when we have to use military force.
How about what Putin has done to our country?  Election meddling.  This president does nothing.  And 45 goes out of his way to stop sanctions and the man who has a nasty comment or name for everybody will not say a word about Putin.  The enemy is here. GOP?  Nothing. Sad.
Well if Russia did meddle in your election they are quite entitled to. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. So long as the US keep meddling in Russian elections I would stop crying foul.
The American people do not want any more regime change nor nation building by Islam, communism, nor by the West. Americans want peace in the ME and Europe. That includes between Iran and Israel. No more nukes and no more madness!
Bnos dias como venezolana madre, abuela .le quiero preguntar si nod va ayudar a sacar este demonio ya no se aguanta nos estan matando de hambre y sin medicina
Hey Putin:  
I cannot see how much more we can affirm our support.
Let us also make clear that Rubio supports the NRA and allows them to "buy into his agenda," better known as, "buy his vote." This privilege includes blindly supporting the NRA as his constituents are being picked off in mass shooting by hi-powered AR15 type weapons.
I don't know between you and Trump who would have been the worse president for the United States.
I do not always agree w Israel on issues. But they are the only democracy of free people in the Middle East. It is a no brainer we support Israel
Time for a 'Regime Change' for Syria. Russia, Iran and Turkey.
First, we need regime change here in America.
You're not building that temple in Jerusalem.
There will be no APOCALYPTIC ending to your story. I read the bible, I see exactly what you people are doing. You're all quite insane.
Lying hypetcrit
Your dirty politics have led the Iranians into being miserable and have killed millions of people in the Middle East. 
Stop it.
And you keep kissing Trumps rump...hmmmm..

Yet, you fail to speak out against @realDonaldTrump for his unexplainable behavior towards Putin?  Mr. NRA why is this? Why do you remain silent when Trump counters the U.N. Secretary's imposition of just penalty on Russia?  Why Mr. NRA?  Florida does not need an Alabama senator.
Thank you  
Even Putin knows the Russians do not have the resources in the Mediterranean, Tartus notwithstanding, to take on a full Israeli assault. He won't.
Trump is a dangerous fool, like Putin.
@AlbertVillasana como ves esto?? Gog y Magog?
Este hijo de putin es un desgraciado est parece familia del otro hijo e putin d Maduro
Good luck convincing the Traitor in Chief to go against his master to support Israel.
Who cares about Israel little Marco let them fight their own wars for once.
.....and then there’s the Leader Of The Republican Party which will Own This for decades #trumprussia

I don’t think there is any ambiguity about who’s side we’ll take
Con Obama no se sabía, es bueno saber que con Trump...SI DE
SE SABE!
