How about the NRA???
I guess when Republicans like you realize that's selling automatic weapons is a very bad the idea
It’s sad 
You’re a senator. If you care about this, call a humanities professor at Reed and ask them their reasons... don’t be afraid to learn new things...afterward, you could quote some semi-relevant bible verse abt it
I learned more in college humanities course about history, history of other countries cultures, the arts and oh yes music too.
@ 1.05
They need to be flushed out.
Exactly.  Keep the faith, Marco.  Your day will come.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=616530278696366&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.616530278696366%3Atl_objid.616530278696366%3Athrowback_story_fbid.616530278696366%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A-1738490037756749036&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Maybe when you stand up to a president who destroys our classic democratic norms and institutions for his own proffit. Until then maybe sit down and shut up. You have no credibility.
It seems a bit hyperbolic to say that expanding a Humanities course to cover new ground in addition to the well tred Judeo-Christian histories is lunacy. There are focused Humanities courses that cover specific eras if somebody doesn't feel like learning the general curriculum.
Why doesn’t the left realize people are laughing at them finding racism in every corner while calling any disagreers racist or one of the other -ist’s and -phobics? School admins are losing control of their institutions.
School administrators fear the chaos and Marxism they have spawned and let fester.
It's ridiculous. College students have always 'complained' and made 'demands', been idealistic. Finding your voice part of growing up, but it is foolish and irresponsible for academia to acquiescence.
Well put.
Wow. And meanwhile, only 40% know what Auschwitz means....
Maybe you should ask when the 36% of the people in the United States that I'm not going to not be racist. #TheResistance
@marcorubio lecturing us on standing up to lunacy is like Keith Richards lecturing us on the benefits of moisturizer. 
#StopTweeting
#NRABloodmoney
And they keep producing undesirables like the newly famous Prof Jarrar, hating America and everything it stands for. They have that right, until they teach our young people the same ideas.
But you let the NRA bullying you!
When are you going to do your job? Let’s stop spreading lies about colleges and start working on making community colleges free and drastically reducing tuitions at state colleges and universities. #hypocrite #ResignNow
As the #NRA's dictate,there may be no more kids to teach, at the rate Children are Slaughtered by GUNS in schools! Little marco, "when are responsible #GOP people in congress finally going to stand up to this lunacy?" RESIGN, You are Corrupt, little marco!
And you take time to tweet about this and not about Trump using the term “breeding concept”?
You probably wish you were white little Marco hypetcrit
When you stop being a hypetcrit little Marco
Worry about FL
I dont know.but I wish some one would.stand.up to.this ridiculous mess. That why I support President amTrump. He stands up to ridiculous mess even even when it's not popular.
Other civilizations have great works of literature as well, but you may not know that because they didn’t teach it in college. That’s the point Marco.
Sounds super tolerant of you. But is it true? Can you give an example of another civilization contributing more to philosophy than the ancient Greeks? Doubtful.
Yes..because we have nothing to learn from two of the greatest civilizations that ever existed?
Reed College is a progressive liberal arts college.  Roman and Greek texts are INDEED the standard for Western Civ and Eurocentric text.  If you don't know, don't say.  There is meaningful literature from South America, Africa, and the Pacific Islands that is never explored.
The cult45?? Yup
$ 1.05
Are you surprised...? Reed College is the most liberal school in Oregon. Students actually give themselves grades because faculty is afraid of inflicting micro aggressions.
They weren't forced to do anything. They wanted to do it. Was the photographer forced to take that picture? No, it was carefully thought out and staged.
Either approach is short sighted. There are classics before the period of ‘western civilization’. We need to do better to work to pull these into the curriculum.
Have you make a statement about ANOTHER Florida school shooting yet?
any college or university who shuts down free speech, accepts bullying of other views, or allows bias should have all federal funding pulled.  unfortunately the left wing radicals in these institutions will only change when the money gets tight.
When are you going to stand up to the lunacy in the White House? You love to wave your Christianity in everyone's face every chance you get, but Jesus stood up for what's right. You have yet to do that since 45 has been in office.
NRA best thing left in America! Go Trump. You are doing great Rubio, don’t listen to this left liberal crybabies. God bless you
You and your policies are the result of learning that is taken out of context. I am glad that these students want the full picture, African, Asian, Arab society, science, medicine, and culture was amazing.
Hypocrite
LISR LIAR LIAR -
#Florida voters please relieve @marcorubio of his job as senator in 2022. @FlaDems you have a year or two to identify candidates.And an independent might be ok too.But Marco must go. #Resist
Hmm “when are responsible people going to stand up to this lunacy?” I’ve been wondering the same thing about you and the Republican Party
Agree with you Senator
The problem is not studying Greek and Roman history; the problem is when we study EXCLUSIVELY study Roman and Greek history. Those cultures have been foundational of white exclusivity.
You're really not one to lecture folks on standing up to lunacy, Senator.
Mr. Rubio liberalism is a disease! Our country is being rotted from the inside by this disease!
There are other contributors besides the Greeks and Romans. They had teachers as well. You'll be surprised
The dream is done.
Where is yur Bible quote ? For someone who likes to thump it have you ever noticed how the big OT only has only a few words about the Greek Alex the Great even though he conquered that region  A king of Grecia.  So the purging started even in BC Lit
Senator, did you never notice that the cannon classics are all focused on white men?  The intellectual traditions of Africa, Asia, and indigenous people all over the world are ignored.  And women? Read Mary Beard’s “Women & Power”.
Sad
How about YOU standing up to Trump? Don’t concern yourself with colleges, your employed by the people in Florida. Do your job!!! Oh, and please, if you want to be a minister, resign and apply for work with a Church.
Unfortunately Marco, it’s hard to stand up to anything these days, especially if you look to Washington, have you tried to pick out a role model there lately? Freaking ridiculous. Bunch of clowns.
Academia has been standing up plenty, what are you doing? How are you? Ready to take Paul Ryan’s P90X spot?
The sad part is, the responsible people in academia perpetuate the issue. Need an academic overhaul.
We wonder this as well.
Are there any “ responsible people “
Marco, you are missing the boat!   Conquers wrote the history.
HUM professor here; students are consumers in the financial climate of today’s higher ed. Take their power away to dictate curricula; make (at least) two-year college free.
The soon to be head of NASA:
- Has zero scientific credentials
- Doesn’t believe in man-made climate change 
- Plummeted the Tulsa Air and Space Museum into heavy financial losses by using its money to prop up a failing company that he co-owned. 

What the fuck are you doing?
They're all gone.
When are you going to divorce yourself from the NRA?
About the same time that to YOU stand up the the @NRA lunatics! But thanks for being a hypocrit
So the Far East and other civilizations did not exist in your mind?
Man, you really are making your bones on grievance politics, aren’t ya?
Romans and Greeks...  owned slaves, conquered other nations to takes slaves, build armies, and gain wealth... a wholly male segregation of knowledge and power.... yeah those kids are bullies.
Why does this surprise anyone? The progressives have owned the NEA and colleges for years. That is why they are fighting tech ed. No time to brain wash.
When are responsible people in our government going to stand up to the bullshit that is trump regime?
The responsible people resigned, retired, were fired or are too scared to stand up for fear of being branded a racist, sexist, deplorable who cannot accept change and is a dinosaur sharing a pedagogy & educational philosophy worthy of the title "toxic waste dump" from Fish!
What KJU said today is not CVID and furthermore KJU claimed that he doesn't need nuclear test because Noko has already NUCLEAR BOMBS. it means that KJU didn't give up Nuclear bombs at all. It is Still Cheatimg!!
History should be taught - pretty or not. That's how we hopefully learn from our mistakes & make the world a better place.
I have to agree this is lunacy. It’s literature. Classic literature
Ban the damn guns!!!!!
No one seems to question The NRA lunacy to fighting responsible gun laws. Officers could have been saved this week, Parkland HS students could have been spared. When is that lunacy going to stop?
It is when you exclude African and Asian texts. BTW, we are standing up to your lunacy.
Time and time again you prove that your thinking is just as warped as trumps. You know, good people on both sides.
Do your homework, Senator. There are a lot of errors and misconceptions in the WSJ editorial. This was a syllabus revision and update (of a syllabus that has undergone many revisions). Still a year long, req’d Hum course with focus on core texts.

You are race baiting. The course was up for review prior to protestors. The Mediterranean & Athens classics will still be taught, only now the class will expand the syllabus to include Mexico City & Harlem. How dare students learn more, right?
Thank you @marcorubio 
It’s racist to the core
???
Focus dude. #VoteNoPompeo #StolenValor
It seems apparent from reliable sources that Mike Pompeo did NOT serve in the first Gulf War, but nearly half of his public bios--including his Wikipedia page--and contemporary write-ups claim he did. Is this something he's been content to leave uncorrected?…
Apparently you aren't aware the ancient Romans and Greeks had slaves.
I like all this wacky ness. Been making a list of where my 4 kids won’t be going to college #college
Don't worry about it Marco. After @realDonaldTrump and Secretary DeVos finish eviscerating the public school system, there won't be many people going to college anyway.
Lunatics running the asylum!
Leftist madness
They want to teach our kids a fantasy and call it legitimate history.
You realize that there are several other cultures that contain literature that is considered classic, don't you? Off the top of my head, Sun Zu comes to mind. There are many more. Rome took over most of the ancient world. Not all of it.
They are not "forced". They are spineless and lack leadership
This is what you focus on?  When are Floridians going to stand up to your lunacy?
I think it's more that there are more pieces of literature than just Rome or Greece. Nothing should be off the table.
Deflecting from the school shooting today I see. It was in Florida in case you hadn't heard.
When’s your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
No, you nincompoop. Restricting "the humanities" to white cultures is white supremacy. They're still devoting the first half of the course to ancient Mediterranean study. But now the second half will introduce the study of humanities through other lenses. Why are you mad?
When the GOP gives voice to it.  We sit back and say it’s not gentlemanly. This is war!  We are in a civil war for our country.
We can use much newer 'old classics' or include (and use) some new with the old ones. I hope they also consider what to do about the old classics that degrade women. You, Sen Rubio, have much to learn about where our country is now. Being first gen American is no excuse for you.
You do realize there is more to history than just European, predominantly white, history
Maybe when more republicans start choosing teaching as a career.
Lotta hostility directed toward caucasians.   Iv been one all my life.   Stop the hate. Improve your own lot. Bitterness is deadly.
Guess what? When our kids were in college in NJ in the early 1990’s they studied Indian and African cultures in addition to the Roman& Greek texts you mentioned. Try to stay current. In education there is always something to learn and appreciate that will benefit us all.
Sick of this #crap and if you are so upset about it all, go live someplace else.  Lines are long at "check in" and only let in the best of the best from now on.  Kick out ALL who broke our laws to be here.  Maybe the new president of Cuba will help them out?
Jordan Peterson to the rescue.  The actual RACISTS are decrying "racism" is utterly laughable given the fact that the very breath of their outcry is post modern MARXISM!
$1.05
I’ve been asking when YOU are going to stand up for our Democracy! This humanities class is the least of our worries!

They will never stand up to this lunacy because they have so watered down academics even they can not recognize intelligence when they see it. God help us!
La supremacía no está en el color de piel sino en la genética de las personas y resulta que los blancos no son los mejores en genética
Must have been a difficult course. Of course the foundation of western democracy requires thought. Is everything “caucasoid” to be eliminated? That’s equality.
This is how Dark Ages develop. People willingly turn their backs to knowledge and history.
This is your battle today? Really?
Humanites studies how we process  & document the human experience. Reed has consistently ranked in the top colleges for producing Ph.D's in humanities. Yes texts may be written by humans rather than the divine. The lunacy today is the GOP protecting the derelict in the WH.
Marco.
It’s Reed College.
what does college matter when you OK Jim Bridenstine as NASA head. Seriously? Weasel Rubio.
Most are libs, it’s fashioned after what they believe too
It’s absolutely much worse than you realize
When people wake up and realize thier is still discrimination and racism in the world
Rubio the biases from people like Trump and his supreme supporters like you have encouraged such idealisms. Live with the disease you spread!
Another example of the immoral socialist liberal progressive sewer that our educational system has become. It is a propaganda machine that relentlessly spews their perverse ideology at students to indoctrinate them. The system is a national threat security and must be cleansed.
Immoral? No. Hippie-dippie-let’s-make-the-world-a-better-place-philosophy-majors, yes. It’s a private college, very expensive, and not at all representing any public college nearby in a meaningful way. But your cleansing comment sounds like you support another holocaust.
Thank you Senator for shining the light on this PC lunacy. #Stoptheinsanity #MAGA
Oh and google Ren Fayre and see if you are still surprised they encourage free thinking...Ass!
Include all not Romans n Greeks only. Learning is great, open the circle of knowledge to all civilizations Senator
About that Bible.....
Is this your new wedge issue, Senator? What happened to your gun control fervor? Thought the voters had forgotten and moved on?
Who are the one doing these changes? Put them in the spotlight to get the ball rolling here

Probably when responsible Republicans stand up to this lunacy called Trump.
Show them how little Marco. Renounce the NRA and give them all their campaign contributions. Or are you so deep in their pockets you can't SEE daylight?
Don't you have better things to worry about than a private school in another state?
PROTIP: he does not.
If he needs problems, I can lend him some of mine.
When will Obama’s crazy policies be removed from public schools and colleges? When will Pearsonntexts be removed? When will teaching made up gender studies be outlawed?
That is just stupidity at the highest level.
Ridiculous, ridiculous, ridiculous.
There are NO “responsible “ “adults “ in academia anymore
To quote POTUS " There are some good Nazis"
Marco support Nicaraguan people! !
This is another attempt by leftist to destroy America from within.
Do you mean to say we should stand up to the lunacy of schools being forced to revamp their science courses to take out evolution and replace it with creationism?
They won't, they're a product of their environment.Their parents/instructors came from the Viet Nam era & passed on their "flower children" mentality & values. When sociologists look back at our once great Country they will site Viet Nam & BHO as the breeding ground of our demise
Perhaps they don't have any responsible ones left.
The parents paying for their children’s education should start demanding commonsense colleges not These indoctrination camps.
Students “Forcing” a college to be inclusive is NOT a bad thing. The palette of education should be broad and varied. Open your mind before you open your mouth.
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
Time for @BetsyDeVosED to check all materials and curriculums used at schools .  Our kids are learning garbage!
Totally agree
When are you going to grow a pair and stand up to the NRA?
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
They are afraid to
Good for them!  It's about time our students started learning about all cultures - Asian, African, all the South American countries, the whole world.  The course (Humanities) is plural for a reason!
Reed College teaches literature from all regions of the world. They have other classes for that. This is just an absurd appeal to what people see is colonizer literature even when these writers, from Aristotle to Cicero, were nothing of the sort...
Really? The Greeks weren't colonizers?
Ancient Greece was a collection og city states that were threatened internally and externally (by Ancient Persia). That being said, Alexander was a conqueror, that doesn't mean Aristotle was.
When are you going to finally stand up to 45, Spineless Little Marco??
Completely absurd. A direct attack on western civilization.
When are you gonna stand up for anything?

Oh yeah, you're spineless, NM
Crab much?
Maybe try to learn what they mean instead of tweeting about something you don't understand?
Ok. Then is it too much to ask college students in a humanities class to study classical philosophers a little too?  You know, to “learn what they mean?”  If they did they would see that white supremacy has nothing to do with it.
Sen Rubio you are showing your ignorance about what white supremacy means as well as the broader value of an inclusive list of “classics.”
1985 called, they want their gratuitous right wing talking points back.
Should history show minority's are responsible for where we are at today?
What’s wrong getting close to your bigoted friends and you
And we fall farther behind as a country.  This is why so many of us are sending our students outside the country to get an education.  Here all they learn is how effective 2 year old tantrums are.
My generation is freaking crazy. Besides, all professors are liberals so why are they complaining? 
If you think everyone around you is crazy... Maybe try some introspection?
When are you going to stand up to Trump’s lunacy
Yes roman Greek text are white supremacy they turned Jesus white dude
$1.05
None of these folks have been to greece, I guess.  White?  Really?
Senator, this is how the main trend in our education looks like, and the  "responsible people in academia" are fully behind it. You can help  to stop this lunacy by killing any legislation that promotes this kind  of 'education" in humanities and social sciences
That is quite OK. It is the Darwin theory of education. The top 2% will still rule the world and these poor little apparatchiks will be grovelling around at the bottom of the pool for the rest of their lives being hopeless, angry, useless and pathetic.
No mr. Rubio it's stupidity this new generation is either so Stone or so high didn't know right from wrong or we could blame their parents who taught them but you either follow Law or not if you don't follow Law then you go to jail no matter who you are
Seriously what the fuck does the law have to do with a Humanities course in college?
You get to comment once your party studies history, values public education, or in any way advances useful discourse in this country.
Oh, The Course Name is "Humanities"
Rubio rants about Academia..................Whey are RESPONSIBLE PEOPLE going to STAND UP TO THIS LUNACY??
There was a student injured in another school shooting in Florida today. Good to see you focused on curriculum at a private college in Oregon. Brave.
We stand up for Lunacy because it's the Latin word for moon. We are controlled by the moon, so that's why. It's MAGA-Compliant!
Sometimes it's difficult to sort it out. Often, while looking in The Mirror, a man doesn't see a True Reflection of himself. What seems "normal" really isn't.
Look to Your Soul, your Heart . . . not The Image you WISH to portray. Others See what You refuse to acknowledge.
Ummm. Senator. Think again. Nothing wrong with these classics but when that’s ALL they read. It’s a problem. And we’ve known this for far too long. We need your leadership. Not your pandering.
I respectfully disagree with you. That isn't ALL the college teaches. There are plenty of other classes that go into the literature of other areas of the world... Saying the class is white supremacist is idiotic. Not every Roman was white.
Defund everything but STEM for a generation.

Might as well just cut out school all together
You’re right. Ridiculous. But please quit denying the hypocrisy on your side of the aisle.




