Good morning
 Today would be a great day to refuse any more #NRABloodMoney
Today would be an even better day if Planned Parenthood didn't end the life of a single unborn child.
If you're pro life, the loss of 33,000 American lives every year should also concern you.
You realize that 2/3 of that number are suicides, right? Let's focus of stopping abortions first.
Yes. That's how my daughter died. She was able to buy a gun using the gun show loophole.
Which of your kids would have to die to make you regret lax gun laws?
Asking for my dead daughter.
So you are suggesting that without the gun your daughter wouldn't have found another way to end her life?
She would have been alive long enough to get her Baker acted and through the crisis. But you have a lot of nerve putting me on the spot.
Who the Hell are you to second guess me??
Sorry, your post doesn't make any sense. Also, I have a lot of nerve? You put you daughters suicide out in this conversation. You tried to use it, not me.
Weird we have have leaders in gov doing this
The whole freedom of speech thing bothers you?
No but asking stupid questions does
Yeah, so the freedom of speech thing bothers you, got it.
You refuse to have a townhall and favor the “lowly” with a chance to speak and hear from you. Once again proving that you know the words but don’t live by them.
Many progressives choose to not speak but rather scream and be disrespectful.
$1.05.
$1.06
What about powerless children gunned down in schools in your own state?
This constant bible thumping shit has to stop, dude your loosing more people every day, it's not even genuine and no one believes it. How can you be this righteous on Twitter and still support Trump and his neo nazi buddies, that would happily send you back to Cuba.
But he hasn't lost you, you are still following him.
Huh?

Your party just fired the priest from congress. Don’t give us this hypocrisy and expect us to believe you are sincere
He should retire from Congress since he seems to want to quote bible verses.  He should switch to that instead.  Not saying that is a bad thing but maybe something Mr. Rubio is suited to do.
“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves”

                                   Matthew 7:15
Marco..we love u so much.

I think the founding fathers may have had Florida senators tweeting bible verses in mind when they talked about the separation of church and state. As part of the government is this even proper? If I want to get preached to I will go to church
I would ageee if this was coming from a private tweet account but he is sending it as senator of the US would you feel the same if a Muslim senator sent out quotes from the Koran? I am betting not. My opinion stands.
I agree with you 100%!
#MarcosBibleVerse
Those who scoff me I scoff at and I am lowly with no favors. The wise will vote against the GOP as we bear the shame of corruption & complicity. I’m an awful representative. The people of Florida deserve better. I should resign. #Resist 04:25:2018
Quanda Garland, Boynton Beach  florida is guilty of domestic violence,  kidnapping, extortion, entrapment, family violence, perjury, falsifying police report, abuse, conspiracy to deprive rights using and abusing the mother of my child Brianna garland.
Those children who need his help, he scoffs at, but the @NRA he favors.
The gun murderers will possess AR-15s, but anything other than assault weapons will bear blame. RUBIO 04:25

Amen
Shame on you, huh?
You should be very very ashamed you FOOL!
So shame on you.
Then you should be ashamed
More Bible shit. Who are you trying to impress?
I like your daily scripture tweets. Thank you
Whatever happened to the separation of religion and state?
The lowly He favors with extra taxes.
God is Good
Separation of Church and State - United States Constitution
Fools will bear shame! God is good
Well that makes you shameful
Yeah.
$1.05
Kiss off...Nobody wants to hear your idiotic rants..
I agree, but where are you on the issues? What are you going to do to pump the base and make sure the midterm turnout favors the Republicans?
Summed up your entire existence in one verse. Nicely done, Senator Hypocrite.
򛐽򛐽򛐽򜑉ncreible buen día. 3 dólares el salario de un profesional en Venezuela. De verdad que nos revolucionaron . Y al cambio en Colombia el sueldo mínimo  venezolano no alcanza a 9000  pesos .򗐽򛐽򛐠. Feliz y bendito día. Solo en revolución se ve esto:
You mean trump likes you. He has become your God and the real God will punish you.
hugh ross   http://reasons.org 
Laughable you quoting that Mr. Anti-Christ. You worship and serve the minions of the golden calf.
Please live what you preach!! As a believer I beg you to live what you preach!!!! Jesus was never about hate!!!
Fools = @GOP

CCP officials sealed off the Catholic Church.
Why don’t you just become a preacher
Rubio, you are really getting sickening with these BIBLE quotes.  
Jebus scoff wise  blah blah glory blah wise lowly fools skra skra shame.  

Bear!

Fixed it.
I am so old I remember when there was a separation of church and state in this country.   Good Times.
I guess you got a shitload of shame coming
Thank you for sharing the Word! Please don't ever stop!

Maybe you should reconsider your career. Seems you'd be more comfortable in the pulpit than the senate floor.
Your Bible quotes always make me feel better about myself. Because I know I could never be a bigger hypocrite than you.
You are a terrible human
praise the Lord!   thank you Jesus for a godly man serving USA.   THANK YOU JESUS   

Dios le bendiga Senador Rubio! ! Gracias por ayudar a mi país. Dios con nosotros! !  SOS Venezuela.
I finally figured it out... You’ve been trying to repent all this time
Do you feel ashamed for doing NOTHING about Gun Safety, our lying president or about anything else?
I guess you will be one of those fools bearing shame Little Marco!
Why do you keep quoting scripture, you don't subscribe to any of it?  Plus, you're weak and cowardly.  Fear is not of God and your have great fear of Donald Trump
This man is fake like a $3 bill.
But, lil Marco,  you're a fool and have zero shame! Ain't that crazy?
Not fooling the sheep Little Wolf Marco
You’re the fool in that cool story, bro
The Old Testament violence and creation of enemies to be smited and oil to be poured on heads to mock the enemies continues to repel me. I thought you were, like, into the “good news”. ....
Town. Hall. Now.
Can someone please give him another book to read?
#WhyNoTownHall Mr Hypocrite
#WhyNoTownHall Mr Hypocrite
#WhyNoTownHall Mr Hypocrite
what do you think if this?
https://johnpavlovitz.com/2018/04/23/waffle-house-shooting-a-white-shooter-a-black-hero-and-white-presidential-silence/ …
no words to pay respect to the dead, no words at all... silence is compliance with the events...
How do you see yourself in this context? Is it a wise move for you and the GOP to support th fool occupying the White House? #FoolsSupportTrump
Matthew 6:1
Marco te propongo que como muestro unico senador para mi le propongas al senado y al Congreso que lo de las arma que el pueblo de EUA sea el que decida mediante una votación
You must be bearing much shame then.
Which Bible verse says triple the rent on the poorest Americans?
So... you bear shame?
Yes, that’s right. Fool.
Please stop.......
n the Old Testament, bringing dishonor on God’s name was done by failing to perform an oath or vow taken in His name (Leviticus 19:12). The man who used God’s name to legitimize his oath, and then broke his promise, would indicate his lack of reverence for God .
I wish I only needed a 44% approval rating from my boss.
Fire and brimstone wait.
Is this habit of tweeting scripture your version of holding your hands over your ears and shouting?
He is laughing out loud at Trump.
What if the lowly scoff? Then what does "he" do?
Oh boy - here he goes again - pretending to be a Christian
JUST. STOP. WITH. THE. PREACHING.
Amen & Amen
That has to concern you.
Oh Lordy Lordy
How you holding up?After all,thats a lot of shame.
Fools - you mean the people who voted for you? #Spineless
So why are you in the Republican Party?
Eat a duck  i.
Stop. Please stop.
Amen I hope I would never scoff at God or his people but I don’t understand why you u feel the need to preach God’s word.   Marco, as an end times watcher your making we wonder about the message your sending.
#sycophant
Did ya ever consider that the Bible might be the original Fake News?
Is there anything worse to be around than a scoffer? Not really.
Please stop quoting scripture.
Do you think the President knows you’re throwing shade? He doesnt understand subtlety. Criticize him openly if you want respect.
Can't do anything but quote scripture 
All you politicians have a lot of shame don't you?
You're a fool who should be ashamed

You will be bearing quite a bit of shame.
Hey there holy one.    Does your shame have you under wraps?   Put kids first.  Support and vote for reasonable gun regulation for a change.
Hey little Marcos are you a minister now?
How Christian of you to hijack scripture and use it to push your own pathetic narrative.
Imagine if @keithellison tweeted Quranic verses every week. The right would have a collective stroke
suggestions go in the suggestion box, Sir.
I think this should have an @realDonaldTrump tag right?
When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom. Proverbs 11:2. (PROTIP: The lowly does not mean you.)
"They profess to know God, but they deny him by their works. They are detestable, disobedient, unfit for any good work."
Titus 1:16
Shut up Lil Marco!
Maybe Beto will knock him out.
Fortunately, the word of God is double edged sword— so it cut both ways, the NRA beneficiaries and the NRA! Hebrews 4:12
Really, Mr High and Mighty? Learn some humility, seriously. And if you have something to say to the great unwashed who think you're a phony hypocrite, just say it directly, without hiding behind scripture.
Like people who scoff at those who need affordable health care? Access to food? Affordable quality education? Safety from being killed by a bad guy with a gun?
Marco,I'm hearing Broward country in Florida is having "Muslim awareness month".. is this true??PLEASE STOP THIS!!Why no Christian awareness month? Why pecial treatment for Islam?? I'm sorry but Mohammad was truly EVIL!! And Muslims are told he's there example. Stop this please!!
Luke 6:46 46"Why do you call me, 'LORD, LORD,' and do not do what I say? Matthew 7:21“Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.” You keep quoting scripture but support evil liars
What is the point of this daily torture?
I don’t even know where to begin with this.
The GOP is not wise.
Looooooser!
I mythology.
Pearls of wisdom Senator
Amen, keep fighting the good fight my brother from another mother, but we have the same Father!
@Rosa052629191 so sick of your hypocrisy. You don’t care about immigration, gun control and speaking out for your party against this corrupt president. You use the Bible to make you look good.
STOP!  You are not at all fit to preach to anyone!!!!
Marco - Teri ma ki chute
Words to live by
" . . . the lowly he favors." So, Senator, why do you go along with the greedy rich instead of supporting programs that help those in need? The Lord favors actions, not just words.
No one even knows what you mean, Marco. You are the most laughable falsely sincere Tweeter in the gov. Just as ridiculous as The Donald, Little Marco.
Feeling like a fool, Marco?
Pray for Puerto Rico . Never Forget Puerto Rico
And what have you done for the "lowly"? Toss us breadcumbs for a limited time? Saddle us with an ever increasing debt? Prioritize a corrupt party agenda over compromise & the needs of the people?

The GOP used to have backbone but even that was sold. Shameful.
So why are you still supporting 45?

Stop preaching
Why don't you sit down and read the entire bible to understand the teachings of Christ. Taking money from the NRA, voting to give tax breaks to the rich while taking from the poor is not a teaching of Christ.
Are you now a man of the cloth?
Amen Marco, Amen!
Just stop. #Resign
May he who taketh money from thy NRA lick the blood of children from thy own hands whilst the stroke thy rod. -- Dave 3:16
Feel ashamed yet, Rubio?
You must be FULL of shame!
“And lo, the hypocrites like Rubio will post Bible verses on twitter because it is cheaper and easier than doing the real work”
What happens to the corrupt?
The immoral? The unscrupulous? You should probably check into this stuff.
Think about that, Marco....is that YOU you are speaking about??
Uh oh... Leftists

What exactly are you trying to say
Ugh...
There goes CONGRESS!!
Look in the mirror much?
#Resist

Matthew 20:16 Jesus then said, “So it is. Everyone who is now last will be first, and everyone who is first will be last.”
So where do you fall First or Last?
Enjoy your shame.
@Univision @MiamiHerald 
First of all, He should be capitalized. Secondly, I don’t think He would like you and GOP having taken healthcare away from lowly. Third, you must bear a lot of shame!
#falseprophet
Trump is a huge fool
Do you must feel very ashamed.
What is your attendence percentage this past year. Anybody know he won’t answer
I cant even believe you quote biblical verse! You're such a hypocrite.
Or maybe this: Helping the POOR
There will always be poor people in the land. Therefore I command you to be openhanded toward your fellow Israelites who are poor and needy in your land.
Deuteronomy 15:11
1/
Pompeo should NOT be confirmed.
Well Marco, you emailed me this:
"At a crucial time when we face growing threats from North Korea, Venezuela, and Iran along with an increasingly hostile China and Russia, we can't afford the role of our nation's top diplomat to remain vacant...
2/3
Given his qualifications and history of service, does Mike Pompeo  really merit being the first that does? Of course not. But I want to  hear what you think. Should we confirm Mike Pompeo? I look forward to seeing your response. Please let me know what you think right now!"
3/3
Sincerely, 
 
Marco Rubio  

Problem is, the only choice you gave me was to agree. So, please be advised that I DO NOT AGREE. POMPEO SHOULD NOT BE CONFIRMED.
Get real, learn facts and start living by the verses you sacrilegiously tweet.
I am confused Let us NO if UR changing careers U seem 2No the BIBLE much MORE than the CONSTITUTION! I will come visit U in Miami @ UR new church. Let’s start out slwly how about PREACHING about GENDER Equality tax cuts 4 the Rich & #CommonSenseGunLaws 2 start
I’m here for your aggressive foreign policy tweets, not for this god nonsense. Pls stop it.
Hmmm
Puerto Rico.  Gun Control. Town Hall Meetings. NRA.
Hey, this is about Trump supporters. Stop hiding behind bible quotes and start speaking up like a man. You can lead republicans to the center and back to respectability. Someone please take the damn wheel at the GOP and point that thing toward morality and justice.
Considering your stance on healthcare and entitlements, you’re the last person who should be quoting the Bible. You shitbag excuse for a Christian. #nrabitch
Were you taking adderall during the debates? Asking for a friend.
I'm thinking about the phase "The wise will possess glory, but fools will bear shame". Does "the wise" mean those who use their wisdom to help the favorable lowly? I'm seeing one fool, many lifeless wise, and a suffering lowly. It's sad that only the lowly help the lowly.
REMEMBER, GOD ALWAYS LOVES the POOR people TOO
Quoting an outdated ancient mythological book is for fools.
Some congressmen are fools for hire. 
And yet,  no shame.
Senator I cant quite tell if these are irrelevant or actually calculated to be spiteful. Perhaps if you would engage with us at say something as mundane as a townhall we could find out.
I wonder if that will make u grow. If u were taller mayb everyone wouldn't b laughing at u...also, stop bein such a wuss!
He who hesitates masterbates...

Marco, how about some separation of Church and state? Besides, you are literally using a piece of electronic science to push your fictional made up religion BS. Just stop, and resign. Bye bye
Wow, a pretty damning assessment of @realDonaldTrump. Have you given up being a Republican and started being an American? Sad!

“Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.” [Matthew 23:28 KJV]
Blah, blah, blah ..
