Another quote not in @TheEconomist article: “I had no problem with cutting the corporate rate. I had proposed a cut myself. I just felt that we could have cut it a lot,to 22 to 21,& use that extra point ...instead of for the multinationals,applied it to working families 2/4
“if you're a multinational corporation,you may be growing but that doesn’t necessarily mean it's helping Americans. Your shareholders are from all over the world,your customers are from all over the world,your supply chain, & your production chain may not even be in the U.S.” 3/4
If these quotes that didn’t make the @TheEconomist article sound familiar its b/c I used them again today in my opinion piece. It’s an innovative technique that works every time, “backtracking” from a previous statement by repeating previous statement. https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/05/corporate-tax-cuts-must-help-working-families-marco-rubio/ … 4/4
You almost had a Spine, now your back to hunchbacked little Marco. SAD
Nobody GAF what you are saying.  You are a slime bag.
BS. Corporations are pouring money into stock buy backs. Doesn't help American economy. Just fattening their bottem line
You are a self motivated individual who puts his political career about the country. You and a whole bunch of democrats have that in common. Your criticism of the tax cut was a major breach of trust.  Benedict Arnold!
RUBIO, the only FAKE REFORM in YOUR FAKE TAX BILL was to steal health insurance coverage from a projected 13 million Citizens, so YOUR MASTERS would get significant tax decreases. YOU ARE A DISHONEST FRAUD. THIS IS YOUR FINAL TERM IN SENATE
This is what I got from the article.
Please tell us what they are.
Coward
RUBIO, you are an absolute http://FRAUD.YOU  VOTED FOR PHONY, NO REFORM TAX BILL. DO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY HAVE EXCELLENT HEALTH INSURANCE? YES? Your fraudulent vote stole health insurance from millions of extremely poor Americans.  This is your LAST TERM
Just stand for something Senator.
It makes a difference in context.. I can't stand when media /news decide to omit quote or edit them like movie Industry does. Shame
Trump may get away with the backtracking and Twitter “corrections”, but you are not helping yourself, Senator. Time to let it go.
You must be starting you re-election campaign, pretending to represent We The People instead of the NRA and the Koch Bros. Who is fooled???
Representing the NRA IS representing We The People—8 million members! And tens of millions more who believe in the 2nd Amendment! A MAJORITY of Americans, as we should! You keep at it, Senator Rubio!!
The net positive Rubio is you voted for it and it is detrimental to avg. America. Go home, Rubio.
We know the tax cuts were for corporations and the top 1%ers... Once again middle class gets the discards. No tax reform just tax cuts for the greedy. Don't care how you try to spin it Marco!
Walk it back baby!
1 prez to get this reform thru. U and senate fumbled for years. American people suffered cuz u wanted more of our money to waste. Prez Trump gave u and IRS a slap on the wrist. Now u r mad cuz your name not on the reform. Stop shafting American people
Think always in The Economist bad faith: they are anti-republican after all. Do not trust them ever. They decontextualize all your answers to put bad ideas in your words
Yeah, everybody seems to be misquoting you lately... I think it's about you never giving a short, straight, truthful anwer...
Face it Rubio. There are positives for the wealthy and big corporations. Not for the majority of your constituents. You're pissing on our leg and calling it "Trickle Down". Your tax and healthcare votes and your support for Trump ended your career.Go Home.
Nice spin.   The tax cut helped the rich.  That is the truth
How does it feel when others misrepresent you with lies?
Too little to late. You told the truth about a terrible bill now live with the truth and the bill
You rail against a Cuban journalist for a lack of free press then fall in line with @potus as he tries to destroy the free press here in this democracy. Grow a pair Senator.
“Once you have their money, you never give it back.” Ferengi Rules of Acquisition #1
Rubio have you met Kanye West, Kanye meet Marco Rubio, Rubio meet Kanye you do have a lot in common, "Trump".
I m from singapore and i think mr rubio is a honest and great man.
It's so sad that you don't know your political career is over. It's funny watching you trying to save it.
Squirm Worm.
Marco, you are a rube.  A sellout.  A fake.  You are cut from the same cloth as McStain.  

I trust you ZERO to ever look out for me and my family.  If you want to impress me, endorse @POTUS for #2020 like @SenTedCruz did.  You won’t, because you’re a little pussy.
Plain talk, I like it.
But you were doing soooo well.. 
With you occupuing a senate seat obviously for the cushy benefits, there is always doubt.
And... you are still a man that tried to USURP the Presidency. Shame on you Little Marco Foam Boy. No credibility, just a NWO puppet.
#DrainTheDemons
#TheGreatAwakening
#MAGA

TENGA PRESENTE LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA SENADOR ESTAMOS MURIENDO POCO A POCO
Shut up Marco, nobody cares what you think anyway.
Now that’s more like the Marco we’ve come to know! The one time you show a hint of a spine, you immediately reverse course so as to not offend your donors. For a moment, you sounded like you were actually going to represent your constituents. C’est la vie!
Scared of dear leader Trump? You are what everyone hates about a politician.
You're a petty RINO Lil Marco
Qui s’excuse s’accuse (he who excuses himself accuses himself)
That an $1.05 will get you twisted
No one gives a darn about what you spew or your verses that mean nothing. You bet your future on the wrong dark horse. Time for you & the horse you rode in on to go....
I keep watching the tape of Rudy Giuliani going on Hannity and confessing to Trump’s guilt, and all I can hear in the back of my head is President Obama saying “please proceed.”
Didn't you vote for it?

If some people on twitter have never seen a weasel look at this man
If you believe that. you have spent too much time in politics and not enough in the government tax system. There were so many advantages, tax and business strategies before this tax cut that most Corporations didn't pay taxes. The tax cut bought me another unneeded vacation home.
With all due respect Senator. I think you should stop.
You lie like a rug.
Stop@doing interviews. You must be so embarrassed.
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
You ate a horrible representative for Florida. #gfu
Instead of saying "not claiming bad faith", it is my understanding that the prevailing politically correct response is to loudly shout "FAKE NEWS!!!!".
Just kidding sir.  Keep up the great work.  We need you.
L'il Marco, Are you a half glass full or half empty Rubio.  No one knows with you... you're like a child dressed in sheeps clothing and unfortunately in our higher office - pathetic!
Why would you not claim they were working in bad faith? Why would you extend them that courtesy? 
Why do weak-kneed conservatives always grovel before the media?
Interesting article
And there was a lot of bad faith in this deal from the republicans who voted for it. Like the Real Estate pass through for investors! How did that get in there? And why does it seem almost all republicans are now real estate investors? Seems like a tax scam!
Florida, Texas, and Arizona have something in common: retrograde voters electing the wrong guy.
Your brethren in the @GOP Sanhedrin know what you said and what you meant, which is, the GOP Tax Bill is a scam.
Confusious once said a man who goes to bed with smile on face, wakes up with a frown in Hell. Guessing that a lot of Talibans will be taking the elevator down. Little Marco God doesn't like greed.
PERFECT
Yes. Blah, Blah, Blah! How About You Think Of How Your Party Is Going To Impeach Trump!!
Here’s you, trying to talk your way back.
Did you actually read what he wrote?
Hell no. It would not matter what he said or wrote. Never read the comments... I tell myself.
Lot of positives for rich people... no doubt!
I'm going to vote on Tues to vote you out
Well, well, well, so even non political media like #TheEconomist is #FakeNews just like #CNN. Marco Rubio has to tweet about editorial bias in excluding another view than what they want to present.
Another flip flop
You have zero credibility of anything man. You voted for that bill and you own everything in it. You’re a huge fraud.
You don’t read well, do you?
You know what excuses are like, don’t ya?
......and yours definitely stinks.
Backtracking, yeah you know what, you aren’t even good at that
RICH GET RICHER EVERYBODY ELSE ELSE GETS CRUMBS
A lot of positives for the rich. For the middle and lower class, it’s a complete negative. But, you only work for the rich who own your ass.
You are too wishy washy Senator.
Yeah net positives for the wealthy and Wall Street. We know this
How about that Rudy interview tonight? Hot damn! You GOP traitors are fuuuuuuccckkkkked.
Dude you have been seduced by the Establishment you are no longer one of us.
You say that now... How convenient
We need #GunReformNow
Why
