I support you.
Yes! More elected officials need to read “Dune”.
um, I just finished dune the other day actually. No robots whatsoever in the book. So what are you on about?
“Thinking Machines” in the book are robots/computers.
$1.05
You're not going to be re-elected. Anecdotal evidence in my own circle of friends backs this up.

Reportan que en la tarde de hoy salió un vuelo de la rampa 4 con destino a la Habana. A bordo estaban Nicolás Maduro y 6 oficiales de Casa Militar para asistir al brindis que se hará por el nuevo Presidente de Cuba. El regreso será mañana al mediodía. Estos viajes son frecuentes
Folks want better, faster, less expensive products.  That’s why we went from Horse/Buggy to auto to aircraft.  Complain about Amazon but they can deliver any quality product in two days.  People will choose a better robot made product over an inferior more expensive man made one.

You’re not in senate to work for president. You rep us!but you don’t. Traitor.
Now that Marco Rubio has killed off Science it appears that he's going after modern industry and economics too. Long live coal!
Hope so then maybe you will stop posting all of your politically robotic tweets!!!
Are you still a senator?
If they replace corrupt Politicians like you, I am all for it.
I wonder if they could build you a spine

Marco Rubio after Tillerson's confirmation hearing vs. Marco Rubio today 
Boy, glad you're all over the issues of the day.  Anything on an out-of-control, unfit prez? DACA? No Korea? Iran? Deficit GOP blew up w/ tax giveaway to rich and corporations? Parkland? Gun Control? No??? #VoteThemAllOut
Shhhhhhh... Don't mention DACA. We almost got rid of it, don't get them started again!
Didn’t realize you had passed the Turing Test
What are you talking about? If you lived at the turn of the century would you have said cars would never become popular? Or later, that computers were just a fad? That the Internet was just for playing games? Whatever can be automated to save costs will be automated.
共匪一直在压榨、奴驭14亿中国人。很多公民被非法关进监狱，甚至非法地无限期关押。
必须继续严厉制裁共匪，一旦共匪偷窃到全球的高新技术，全世界的災烂降临，那时候共匪将压榨全世界奴驭全人类。
——共匪是反人类的魔鬼。
Very disappointed that you voted to confirm climate-denying, non-scientist Bridenstine as the new NASA administrator. I will remember this in 2020.
#VoteThemOut
Trump puppet! You think he will help,you someday. Hahaha.
Mr. Rubio earlier today you said "... the more important the job, the more discretion the president deserves"

That’s the exact opposite of how it should be viewed... especially with the calamity that is this POTUS.

 
Robots can be quite useful: maybe you should hire one to hand you a little bottle of water next time. And they're also perfectly capable of sanctimoniously tweeting out Bible verses. However, they can never replace your primary functions of being a tool for Trump and the NRA.

“Exterminate all Politicians that take money from @nra “
The anti marco Rubio deference to the undeserving president is coming Jesus you lack principles
I'm with you all. Robots might be the cheaper route to go but in the long run will really destroy many economic opportunities for real people. Question: If robots create higher paying jobs...why would companies want to switch to them to begin with then?
Chris Christie began the anti robot movement in that debate right?    “Barack Obama knows exactly what he is doing.   Barack Obama knows exactly what he is doing.  Barack obama knows exxx.......”
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Yeah Rubio, the anti-robot movement is underway. We hope to replace you who can only follow orders of a corrupt administration.
You’re still what is synonymous with cat.
You have no friends.
So, you expect us to believe #corporations will be less likely to cut their highest cost of doing business, #human workers, instead of putting #robots who don’t complain, get sick, or need vacation? Yeah, I don’t think so, Marco. #Greed rules.
You have friends??
You don’t have friends, Little Marco.
Pathetic.
Marco Rubio after Tillerson's confirmation hearing vs. Marco Rubio today 

Marco Rubio after Tillerson's confirmation hearing vs. Marco Rubio today 
"Anti-robot", wait a min, r u john Connor from the future to save us all from the machines?? Thank god, now tweet some random bible verse..
hi marco
MIL BENDICIONES SENADOR GRACIAS POR SU APOYO PARA VENEZUELA
Integrity - The quality of being honest & having strong moral principles.

Obviously, Marco Rubio has difficulty w honesty & has weak moral principles since he has ZERO integrity.

Just look at Marco’s statements concerning the NASA nomination & compare them to Obama nominations.
Right on
My god, you’re just the fucking worst. $1.05
Fake News.
I hated when @realDonaldTrump called you "Little Marco," now you're deferring to him and proving him right. Unbelievable. Spineless. GTFO. #ITMFA
Rubio on the floor explaining his turnaround to support Bridenstine for NASA chief
"We give great deference to the president ... and the more important the job, the more discretion the president deserves"
#Repeal&ReplaceRubio
#RusskieRubio
#TrumpTreason
Anecdotal is not evidence
Nobody cares about robots!  Robots are good-they replace missing hands, protect borders, take pictures inside the body to diagnose illnesses.  Robots don't threaten American workforce - illegal/H1B visas DO.
Cars, washing machines, ATMs, TV, vacuum cleaners, computers, Mars Rover are all robots-programmed machines that allow complex tasks to be performed. Amazon should use robots, instead of making workers pee in cups bc they're not allowed to waste time walking to the bathroom!

Says the guy who quotes every day from a 2000 year old book of fables. Yeah, and I bet your friends are lining up to exchange their cars for horse drawn carriages too 
Did a robot make you vote for Bridenstine, even though you KNOW he’s a terrible choice?
Yes Rubio we know you're a robot  and your friends don't understand why you are, well neither do we.  Anyway when did you get friends?
Marco Rubio fact: Marco has never given his wife an orgasm
Can't you see from his post.. He's too busy with his "circle of friends", you know what that "really" means.. 
Marco Rubio is the Reek of Ted Cruzes
sycophantic, lying, greedy freak says: "We give great deference to the president ... and the more important the job, the more discretion the president deserves"
He's just simply disgusting in his sycophancy. And everything else about him, including hair plugs, is disgusting too.
Senador tienen q poner en su lugar al presidente ortega de nicargua q est reprimiento al pueblo tofo los dias y el pueblo ya esta cansado de tanto abuso estados unidos deberia de hacer algo para sacar del poder a daniel ortega
your circle of friends consists of you and a few Freedom Caucus zealots.
Google is smarter than all humans.   Put Google inside a physically correct Android body, and we humans,  are obsolete.
But yet AGAIN you, Mr bought by Big corps, acts like he’s for the little guy. Big corps will move to faster, cheaper and more efficient automation. It’s a proven fact, you know like your tax cuts NOT bringing any benefit to the little guy. GOP’s Reagan proved it wrong.
I believe there was an anti-automobile uprising for a while too.   Ah, we'll always have Republicans, I suspect.
All nonbelievers in Rubio's anti-robot message MUST read "Android in Black Wool Suit." Science fiction has seen our possible future.
Humans need jobs.  Humans need to feel productive.  Slow down on the robot revolution.
Or maybe you could stop holding onto antiquated ideas and help Florida become a leader in clean energy, infrastructure, engineering, and education?  #makeamericasmartagain #BlueWave
Ever shop Walmart? Self checkout. It’s not a robot but it takes the place of a person. That’s the REAL issue right? Too late. It’s happening.
Your friends probably think coal is coming back too, right, Filthy? The Mercers can afford their own robots. Probably cheaper than paying you. #russianpuppetregime
You have friends little Marco? Like this guy?
You have friends?
This could be the end for illegal brick layers at least the robot can lay a level straight line unlike the illegals
Engage with more youth.
The anti-robot uprising is coming, just like vinyl and tapes made a comeback. Vinyl/tapes are bigger but not dominant. Robots are already dominant. Get a clue
Hey, Marco, this is where we are as a nation - Have you stopped to wonder why trump allies are worried? That maybe trump is guilty of numerous crimes. Stop standing around. There is so much corruption happening and you seem oblivious
For readers, he isn't anti-robot, but it is an issue. I advise people feeling threatened by emerging technologies to study and expand their skills. Luddites will not survive this global economy
We need to add your face.
As a passenger on the ever-growing High Ratings (A+) #TrumpTrain, I welcome robots. They promise more leisure time for Americans, as it's been promised since the 1950's, when America was Great (10/10 A+) Again the First Time. #MAGA 
This is good news! Maybe we can replace the political robots in the GOP soon...Lil Marco.
Are these your NRA friends?
You have friends?
You have friends?  The ones who pay you for favors?
Wait.  You have friends?
already causing problems on Tesla's model 3 line
I’m not worried about automation, I’m worried about Skynet developing AI to the point that I’m running from these guys!
Oh good grief, Marco.  Don't you have more important things to do?  Like supplying AR-15's the masses and cashing your NRA checks?  Jerking SS and Medicare from old folks and needy families?   The only "anxiety" we're seeing from you if your desperate attempt to remain relevant.


Will ther be a minimum wage set for robots?
What???
Your friends are troglodytes
Made in Russia with blackmailing and bribery
Then where will you get your never ending bible verses
If only there were robots to replace senators. Boy, would we save money!!!!
The anti-republican uprising is coming. Anecdotal evidence in my own circle of friends backs this up.
Senator....must train the next gen worker to secure a greater competitive future for the USA.  Maybe its is delayed for two years but the outcome doesn't change Machine Intelligence will dominate. Remember Napster!!? Legacy companies lost that one.
If we got to vote between you or a robot you know you wouldn’t be in office right?
The anti-horseless carriage uprising was coming. Anecdotal evidence backed it up.
A robot would be a better senator than you. 
Logical thinking & wouldn't take the Loyalty oath...or $1.5 million in laundered campaign donations from Russian THUGS. 

#Florida #Sayfie #MiamiDolphins #Duval #Miami #Jaguars #Buccaneers #Tampa #ThursdayThoughts #Jacksonville
At least $1.5 million from thuggy Russians. You are so owned and can't make good decisions for #America or #Florida. 
#Sayfie
Why?  What's wrong with letting the robots work?
He is robotist.
The man you've sworn undying Loyalty to is hurting our fellow Floridans. BIGLY. 
#Florida #Sayfie #ThursdayThoughts
Florida newspaper forced to lay off dozens after Trump tariffs cause cost of newsprint to skyrocket: http://hill.cm/ERhXClN  

What form the resistance will take, Frye has no idea. Maybe Similar to that of the horseless carriage.
I think we have to have a robot uprising first...  @elonmusk

Perhaps. But Trump didn't blame "robots" or "automation" (which would have been truer). He blamed IMMIGRANTS. Where were you, then, @marcorubio? Oh, Grandson of Immigrants?  P.S. - The Industrial Revolution came anyway. We're humans. We adapt.
Robo-Rubio has other robot friends!
Senator Rubio, one of the best decisions I ever made was to vote for you. Please don't be a luddite.
This take is shortsighted and woefully naive
I'm not sure it's a "take" per se. It doesn't really say Ludditism is good or bad. Just that it exists.
There will only be more robots. The key is to get corporations to share the profits of this.
So, you are in jeopardy?
Wait ... you have friends?  C’mon Lil M, tell us another story.
Not our friend!
"Anecdotal evidence in my own circle of friends backs this up"
I'm going to guess that this is how you see the world, right?? Forget science and #Facts, if your friends say it's good, ... it's good
Using robots in manufacturing Will be the norm
The ONLY uprising that's coming is against YOUR political party and YOU.
People have the right to survival! Businesses take and use resources from this world we are all given for use in our survival. People have a right to participate in the production of goods when the use of these resources are at the root.
Robots are only as good as the programmer
It doesn’t take much of an AI machine to replace you.  
Will this bill hurt the NRA?  Vote NO. 
Will it hurt my constituents? Vote YES. 
Will this bill show I am a spineless robot for trump?  Vote YES
Your own circle of friends? 
You have friends?
You have friends?
You have a circle?
WTF? No really. WTF? #PuertoRico #GunControlNow #RussiaInterference #ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein #CleanAirAndWater
Rubios silence on trumps corruption shows he is spineless.
“Anecdotal”?
TOWN HALL?
The coward will not face his constituents
The anti-robot uprising is called UBI. And your position on that is?
He likes wage subsidies.
I know an older person who refuses to use any automation instead of a teller or cashier specifically so those people will have jobs.
Wow, you're more despised than even @TedCruz
Anecdotes assemble! Defeat the the robot invasion!
Anecdotes may be facts.The rest of this answer presupposes factual anecdotes. But keep in mind, it sometimes happens that an anecdote misstates or omits relevant information.But they're isolated facts — information without a larger context, often contradictory to a greater trend
More lies upon lies
We've got 99 problems and robots ain't one. Anecdotal evidence among Republican's circles of friends is though
This is actually what is coming.

clearly you are bored, I would think a Senator would have issues to work on and solve, just a thought
The 600 series had rubber skin.  We spotted them easy.
Seriously Marco? Industrial robots have been around en masse since the late 70's, 50 years. I started my career in this industry. Displacement of workers was worse then, but people retrained to work on / with robots. Education is the answer, not your ignorance. #BlueWave2018 #FBR
Not all true, Tony.  Google is smarter than you & all humans.  Put Google inside a physical android body and you , as inferior, are obsolete
Don’t take it personal it is against all robots not just you
Think you can program a robot to run a block on @NRA payoffs?
We need ro bots Guns 
Anti science has been in vogue with you @GOP types since the Tangerine Traitor took office. Anti robotics is a sub branch of that narrative. Remember Clovis? The Chief scientist of the USDA? The radio talk show host? Keep up man or get out. Hell, just get out. @NRA shill.
No it’s not...you can’t explore space, let alone get to Mars without them.
The anti Rubio and NRA is coming. We need gun control measures and the November election will be the catalyst for both. Rubio, you’re through in ‘22.
Anecdotal confirmation from friends is almost always bullet proof.
use Human being Working too too Many robots, we worry about Human being will not have a Job to do. and Human being have No money to pay bills and economy will be bad
Tell traitorous @SenateMajLdr to allow vote to #ProtectMueller 
TRUMP will do whatever he thinks will hurt the most Americans. He is garbage, and McConnell knows firing him on Friday evening is his plan. #ProtectRosenstein #ProtectMueller
I doubt you have any friends
I M  PROBLEM LIVE  FAMILL     WHY  ..  ROBOT MACE  BUY  ..  NOW  4 PERSON WORKS ...  ROBOT 1 PERSONEL WORKS ..........
NOW  PROBLEMİ LIVE PARIS MY .....  LASS YEAR  OIL 46-50 $ NOW  64 -70 $ ....  HOW MUC $  RAND LOOSS 
Who on earth would call you friend??
Dictatorships don’t like progress. #VoteThemOut
No, little Marco, the #BlueWaveIsComing and it comes for thee...
can't wait for the robot politician that does what we want not their own agenda
Stay focused on what is important to your constituents. This time we won’t forget your failures as a leader. This time we’re coming for your seat. #GunContolNow #NRABloodMoney #BlueWave #VoteThemOut
So is the anti-electricity uprising. Bring back the horse and carriage!
this anti-tech sentiment is straight up dangerous and dumb.
You cant stop progress. Ask the Luddites.
And this is why virtually everything Donald Trump and the complicit GOP are doing to prop up dying industries like so-called "clean-coal" by placing tariffs on SOLAR (which is as of last year CHEAPER than fossil) is so backwards. Those workers should be retained for the future.
stop this neo-Luddite anti-progress rhetoric
...you have friends?
Damnit, you beat me to it!!
Help protect Juan Gaspar-García from deportation.
You have friends?
We need #GunReformNow
