Do Republicans EVER come to the defense of other conservatives???? Any comment  on last nights trash fest
Against a Conservative woman ???
I didn’t see what happened but if have ppl in office that will not stand for someone if their right, may want to make sure their not compromised by the evil in government. We have to stay together strong if we want to get rid of communist control in government. Expose traitors
There’s no denying available job training is essential but that’s the tip of the iceberg. Also essential is a living wage, student loan forgiveness, PELL grants & government scholarship programs. If you REALLY want to help educate Americans, you must promote ALL those things.
“남북정상회담은 한국 죽이는 자살회담이다.” Michael Yi, Veteran of US Intelligence for 30 years
Marcos hermano, en la florida esta un informante de Maduro y su combo, el delincuente se hace pasar por perseguido politico. Se llama Diego Palacios. Pide su inmediata deportación.
PAC for Mitch McConnell, Rubio, Walker, Lindsey Graham, John Kasich and John McCain accepted $7.35 million in contributions from oligarch Blavatnik.
No wonder Mitch  will not help to save Mueller.
Please kindly keep an eye on Taiwan's MediaTek and RealTek, don't let them sell the IC to China. And should also have the severe restrictions on the IC companies worldwide. Thanks.
Scott Bennett PHD USARMY Counterintelligence 2012. You knew and did nothing. World is about to know that
mr.marco rubio i need speaking for you case venezuela, i am in colombia i am, venezolano please wrinting my emails granpalmer@hotmail.com,is importan, tanks
The Democrats are waiting for you
How will job training help those who've been killed by your donors?
I completely agree with your thoughts on the economy. Thanks senator Rubio
Where the hell have you been? You talk like this is something new.
If a job doesn't pay well it should Not exist 
.
.
#Starbucks #walmart #McDonalds 
#FederalJobGuarantee #Resist
Lil' Marco voted YES to the TAXSCAM...
Stop feeding the left with BS about the tax plan only benefiting the wealthy.
If it does, it’s because they pay more taxes than the rest of us.
Nobody ever got hired for a job by a poor person, remember that!
Just remember that my friends who are contractors, landscapers etc have their businesses registered as being Incorporated or LLC as a “Small” business.
These guys are happy the corporate tax rate has been dropped to 21% instead of the old 35% that was killing them! Remember that!
Your inability to detect spelling errors or to even use spell check indicates a lack of attention to detail on your part. You may want to address this before starting your career as a lobbyist in the very near future.
So what have your leadership abilities gotten passed to address this.  DO SOMETHING!
We need More Training Colleges. So it all stems on the subject -of/for Graduation at that specific College. From a Travel/Hotel/Airline degree to a C.S.I. degree without all of the other NoneSense
Rich people who see a brother or sister in need, yet close their hearts against them, cannot claim that they love God. (1 John 3:17)
What he said:

Chairman of the US Congress China Committee and Republican Congressman Smith said: The United States cannot silence China’s human rights issues.

Does anyone know Mr. Smith's Twitter Twitter account?
“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves”

                                   Matthew 7:15
Deep down, you are good enough to lead US, but what an uphill climb.

Marco, Marco, Marco. You vote against this stuff. Why do you lie? You will be voted out next time.
Urgente ayuda amogo ya esto no se aguanta mas
#ÚLTIMAHORA #NoticiasEVTV ¡Aumenta la persecución! El régimen de Nicolás Maduro habría emitido orden de allanamiento a las residencias y oficinas de los 30 magistrados de Tribunal Supremo de Justicia en el exilio @tsj_legitimo. Además ordenó que  bienes y cuentas sean congelados.
@realDonaldTrump Shell Game by Scott Bennett 2012. You knew and did nothing.
you knew about Scott Bennett 2012 CIA funding ISIS guns Libya, Syria. Why didnt you stand up for good in the world?
I appreciate the nuance you show here. Some of us are yearning for nuance and you’re good at that:
Marco now is the time to become center left and join the democrats.
Opportunity Zone, for the rich to get richer off of the poor.
Say what?  Mr. NRA?
Putting a small, valid,  block long neighborhood mall in city desert areas works.          Makes the neighborhood safer, looks better, people shop.They do it in Syracuse.
Hi！Rubio。
And yet you vote against a living wage that might... might allow them to pay for school. Oh wait, you’re also against student loan forgiveness or PELL grants, government scholarship programs and any other kind of assistance. #hypocrite

Que abra más los ojos el gobierno norteamericano: elecciones tuteladas por Rusia bajo la fachada de observación internacional. Al paso que van las cosas en menos de 20 años USA estará totalmente rodeada por el enemigo (Rusos, chinos, iraníes, gobiernos terroristas y narcotrafico) …
But Marco, WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?  These are not new ideas and/or initiatives.  What do you think the last president was doing AND you resisted at every step!  NOW!  It's a good idea?  You're full of shi... crap, Marco!
NRA HACK
You're human garbage.
Maybe you can get the NRA and the gun manufacturers to hire them
Agree, although GOP has long resisted funding job training programs. So get your colleagues to wake up!
So what are you doing about it you Fraud!
You guys just fired the White House chaplain because he is not a political stooge
You guys just refused an inquiry into it
Cannot wait to see what Bible verse you pick this time
You debase your religion and the Republican Party with your hypocrisy 
DRAIN THE SWAMP

Father Rubio - position just opened up for you thanks to shady Ryan “Paul Ryan's firing of Father Conroy should worry us all”
I have one word for you Senator—PRIVATIZE!

Awwww....that almost sounded like he cared. But I’m really gonna have to call BS. “Communities left behind by the new economy” don’t pad his wallet.
Grateful to you and Senator Tim Scott for passing this impressive legislation.
Please appeal to those who are imprisoned or missing in China for any reason. Please use the Magnitsky Law to sanction China’s Wang Qishan, Meng Jianzhu, and Fu Zhenghua. Their persecution of conscience and dissidents in China is anti-human.
为什么中国不担心美国的网络产品呢
In other words, we need to make more pliant wage slaves as we invite more democratic mercantilists to take over our local economies.

Forget that! We insist on the #1500DollarWeeklyAllowance so that the people can build their OWN businesses serving their neighbors.
$1.05 when is your town hall ? 
What do you expect!  You GOPer' cut public education, and you wine because some teacher can't put 'pray' on her shirt. Get your damn priorities right and prioritize funding to public education, facilities and teachers, and we'll have good qualified workers in the future.
$1.05
So tell me how the hell do you intend to pay for all of this job training oh you going to use some of that NRA money now that's a good idea thank you.
Noko did not come back to NPT and furthermore Noko did not allow IAEA to inspect all areas in Noko.Noko did not make any credible verifiable plans at all for CVID. But Noko asked Soko&Hyundae in secret way to reopen Kaesung industrial complex. Noko is fake,fake at all the time
I heard two Cuban girls say it was to late. I guess it's because
They didn't find the 92
Just stop. Resign.
Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Too bad you don’t believe in education.
Do you have a Bible verse picked out for accepting bigly laundered money from our worst adversary through the NRA?
NRA is preparing for investigation into ties to Kremlin-linked banker: report http://hill.cm/cf2YJce  
Where is all the money coming from Marco?  Have you told your kids and up coming grandkids that they’ll be paying for this most, if not all, their lives?
You know what doesn't help people that have been left behind? When your rich buddies like @seanhannity take advantage of government programs meant for those left behind people and make a killing...
Those people shot and killed will never have the chance to invest in their communities or train for jobs because the @NRA  owns you! Nothing you do or say means anything! Blood is on your hands and you will stand in judgement!!!
Your TaxScam also gave all the money to corporations and the wealthy , leaving a few small crumbs for job training . Please resign .
Those zones are nothing more than another way to concentrate wealth and power into the elites.
Didn’t @HillaryClinton campaign on this?
Hands off Social Security. Our investment.
Lol you time ban  ??too late no good  wake up
You mean for the overlooked people you crapped on by voting the #GOPTaxScam into law to take care of the rich?  #Sellout #MarcoRubio #FridayFeeling
Cracked me up.
Shush your lying face. Amen.
Here's an idea. 

"Help People"

It's a radical idea I know. But your idea will do little more than give more welfare to big business and price little people out of markets. So I'd say your idea is more damaging than my radical one.
help chinese get freedom.
#NEVERRUBIO
I want to shag you all night Senador Papacito
NRA Russian traitor @marcorubio
Take the @noNRAmoney challenge, Senator.
