Missing in most of the domestic coverage of #SummitPeru is that @VP announced U.S. bid to host the next #SummitAmericas in 2021. Last night I was able to speak to leaders from the 2 other nations considering their own bids & they indicated a willingness to support the U.S bid 2/2
Today the Venezuelan National Assembly (former Congress) have to choose between a pen or a missile.
We are waiting
Just like me! only that instead of pock corn I eating my nails. (not because of bad manners, but for shortage of pock corn)
Of course
April Cook. News flash. Kids under 18, and non-citizens are not constituents. The cops, FBI and school let you down, not Rubio. So did every democrat.
Agree. But I'd add that mental health professionals shpuld have been added.
QUE LA ACCION SEA LO MAS PRONTO POSIBLE. CUANTO MAS TENEMOS QUE ESPERAN LOS VENEZOLANOS PARA SALIR DE ESTA PESADILLA. DE ESTA DICTADURA QUE ESTA ACABANDO CON EL PUEBLO Y CON VENEZUELA
Hay guy.  This is the USA.  We speak English here.
Right on brother  and we support shutting down sanctuary Cities. #This is America, Get in line or Get Lost!

When .@marcorubio talks of "stronger" action against #Venezuela we know what he means by this.this is the same man who has called for Venezuela's military to rise up and oust the democratically elected government of .@NicolasMaduro This the sort of "action" you mean Marco?A coup? …
Hello
Welcome home Senator. What an amazing job!  Thank you so much for doing our country proud!
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.slideshare.net%2FAdalbertoCervantesRo2%2Fayd-censjai4652018-adalberto-cervantes-rodriguez-4162018&h=ATOvTFqCvW9Xj68AQtMFwUQtDbGeqMJFF2us4AbgMtFX159xJi-w3aBngVclDulmHrjw1KbGDyTegJU71c4kjlmUO1Ebr5qBgVzH112TE7hugQcDHUa-lyyGnimvfxFsniKogQkpzc8UMaIDKKFJTWFmxht1oeUzbGMbrTzvwRlT7oTFuadXhiCHTUZdrERtclrCvcVxNhuf_vieofMHt8bNTkQd2o7RP3HV-gF62ysQ_3uu3cz4Zrvm7-aWxF3ZsbgcS498ViOp4Qv1cvN8gxXBcm9OpsjEnsI9o0kGNqE6iMqTlRRhNT_E2__5MBXA1geUjZZs3tmyvnEy-4EvbTeCTfltWP34QtcSZzVYlg …
Keep up the good work Marco. Your political future is the White House. Together with President Trump and his cabinet you all accomplish success in Mid Term election, so in 2020 we are ready for 4 more years...and more.
#Gracias por su gran labor y constancia en la lucha contra la #NarcoDictadura  venezolanos todos los días mueren de #Hambre y #Mengua por ineptitud,maldad y corrupción de gobierno venezolano #PorFavor #AyudaHumanitaria e #IntervencionMilitar + tiempo+ inocentes mueren
Hello
so will we be bombing venezuela next?
Unfortunately, the situation in Flint, MI "requires stronger and immediate collective action." What is Congress doing about that?
You should be asking that question to @debbiestabnow & @garypeters oh wait they don’t have a Twitter........
You should hold a summit in your own back yard! When is your town hall? You need to stop taking money from the NRA and you need to stand up to them and vote to ban assault weapons. We’re waiting Marco. And we won’t forget. #neveragain 
Can we stay on topic?
What’s the topic? I’m still focused on the fact that Senator @marcorubio hasn’t held a town hall meeting even though his constituents are begging for gun reform. It’s been just two months since 17 of his constituents were murdered by an AR-15. His silence is deafening
Collectivism is what got them in that mess.
Good job Senator! It was Gods will for you to go to Peru. You are outstanding and nothing short of amazing. You have made us soooo proud!
God Bless You 

I agree. No more Dictadura
If you don’t do anything about the NRA you will never win an elección in Florida, the people have spoken and you choose NRA
Hello
You will never be president.
As does the situation in the US, so fix your own house before you whine about the state of the houses of others.

How many bribes did you collect?
#PuertoRico 
#PuertoRicoRelief
#BigOceanOfBullshit
#AuditCongreas
#Russia 
#GOPTaxScam
#VoteThemOut 
#Syria 
#Cybersecurity 
#ImpeachTrump
You’re continued support for the people of Venezuela is more than appreciated senator
Los cubanos te necesitamos esos que botamos por ti y estamos en espera que hagas algo por el programa #parol que está olvidado y nosotros desesperados has algo @marcorubio

Just keep your greasy li'l hands off Cuba.
@marcorubio did you find much consensus in the region at #SummitOfTheAmericas on your policy regarding Cuba?

Or maybe "stronger" action such as that seen in #SyriaStrikes in the last few days? Is this what you are pushing for in #Venezuela too Marco? https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/985647845528276992 …
SEÑOR  Marco  Rubio, totalmente  URGENTE, VENEZUELA  NECESITA  DE TODO,SOBRE TODO  MUCHO APOYO INTERNACIONAL, Y SACAR A MADURO  LO MAS PRONTO  POSIBLE, ESTO AQUI NO AGUANT, LA DESIDIA, EL HMBRE, FALTA DE MEDICAMENTOS, ATENCIO EN SERIVICOS.  GRACIAS  SR. MARCO
Chinese president declares himself eternal ruler, America decides to invade a 3rd world countries for lack of democracy. #Hypocrisy #imperialism #neocolonialism America doesn't care about democracy, only power and control
Colonial puppy @marcorubio the American golpista, sell out uncle Tom
16 out of 35 is still a minority, you do not care about democracy, you care about imperialism, you just follow orders from your white supremacists grand dragon @realDonaldTrump
Where was our fearless, or is it feckless, leader in all this?
Lying hypetcrit
I agree Marco. Don't take your eye of Colombia as well.  Petro is just as bad and will turn that region into a nightmare for the US. Military Intervention in Venezuela is the right thing to do and will send a strong message.
@AlvaroUribeVel 
@realDonaldTrump 
@MikePompeo_
What about the overthrow of the American government happening in our country today?
How is the Russian?Trump Cover-up Going ? The DACA bill ?? Protection for Mueller & Justice Going ? True GUN Laws?? Time you become a Patriot and Not a Puppet. Your OATH ??
Estamos secuestrados senador , este gobierno que se viste de demócrata no es más q una fachada de su verdadero sistema criminal de narcotráfico , no tenemos ya para comprar los alimentos básicos y los servicios los quitan a propósito , necesitamos una intervención internacional.
What about Puerto Rico? Don't they deserve stronger and immediate action? As a tax payer, I am sick and tired of MY MONEY being used to support other countries when people in the US are not getting the services they pay for!
The only way it could have been productive is if you would have resigned from your Senate seat. You have ZERO leadership qualities you are a spineless putz!
Rubio just wants to get back to Washington. Stop him he doesn't care abt Floridians until election time. Rubio is a PUPPET for the NRA!

Want to make sure this is not quiet. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/985558640236138498 …
What about Cuba?
Hope about some gun control for your constituents. Ban automatic weapons.
"& bombs, don't forget the bombs." - Trump
Lo siento mi niño pero eso no vale la pena el pueblo le encanta todo eso
Marco Rubio Mighty man of God u r and humble servant  always remember there r more for u and with u then against u. Keep up the good work
I believe most of you people need to take a deep breath and bow your heads in prayer and ask God for some peace. You all sound so full of hate.
Why did they let you in?
Traitor.
Pray for those in Venezuela because as recent actions show EVERYTHING OUR PRESIDENT would try to do on behalf of the American or ANY OTHER PEOPLE would only serve as fuel for the Democtatic tar & feather fire.
To hell with South America. Get behind the President and his policies before it's too late. Clocks tickin Marco. Stay safe, get replaced. Stand up, and help M.A.G.A!!!
Was Trump there? No.
先生，能否转发我的第一条推文，为世界民主作出贡献。
Lol. Is Trump gonna ask Congress for permission to lob 112 missiles into Venezuela? How bout another biblical quote Little Marco.
Please stop this CrAzY Traitor!
What’s the next step?? Or it will be just another“boon doggle”
So what’s the action plan?
F Off
 #TodosConVenezuela

Dude, your Little Twitler is curled up in a fetal position mumbling and screaming incoherently at a recorded loop of “Fox and Friends”. Maybe you could help the U.S. from imploding?
Isn't that where you are from?

Go away. NRA BOUGHT! #VoteThemOut @amjoyshow @davidhogg111
Get rid of socialism, they have enough oil to make it

NO THANKS!! You work for Americans. Do your job.
1/2? I have read that verse.
http://www.southcom.mil/Portals/7/Documents/Posture%20Statements/SOUTHCOM_2018_Posture_Statement_FINAL.PDF?ver=2018-02-15-090330-243&timestamp=1518703441992#VenezuelaSituation …
we need actions intervention militar faster for venezuela!
All you done for the past three days is talk/// get the guns off the street //  do your job if you need help ask
What would you know about being strong // NRA puppet
$1.05
.
Now! It can’t wait any longer!
Why don’t you worry about your country and state and handle the business there not Venezuela they all bring problems to the US. And why don’t you investigate the FL DOC and he abuse they have with inmates and supervised individuals. Don’t worry about Venezuela it’s not our Issue
Puerto Rico also needs action. Trump is spending money to build a wall, technology the Chinese mastered 2000 years ago. Chinese are now building trade routes around the world and replacing America as global economic leader. Save the sinking GOP and don’t go down with the rat.

While Rubio meets with Latin American leaders to build consensus, improve trade,& address corrupt leaders in Venezuela & Cuba; Nelson is talking about his love of chocolate. #byebyesenatornelson
How bout meeting with your own constituents! How much money did you take in on this trip? We know you only care about what lines your pockets! #ResignNow before #MuellerInvestigation comes for you!
Wasn’t Jared with you Senator?
The gun problem requires stronger & immediate collective action.
It's time for an intrnvetion
No way
Did the NRA give you permission to post this?  1.05 #boughtandpaidfor #GOPTraitors
hogg includes Obama in hid blurb ... he says "our parents" which is generation X and the baby boomers, don't know how to use a democracy  - share like mad (link: https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillU/status/977444751875235841?s=17 …)
#coocooforcocopuffs #goptraitors
All great. Let Florida know when your back to work for US. TOWN HALL?
Are we going to bomb Venezuela too?
that’s what we want
WE don't care about Venezuela, just keep them out of our country ! Seal the border ! NOW !  DO YOUR JOB AND PROTECT AMERICA !
Florida didn't even know you were gone....as usual
#ProtectMueller

stop talk bad of the senator marcos rubio -.-
Thank you for your service, Sir
What about Cuba?
No more Citgo that is run by Venezuela
Thanks for forewarning us you're #Back to do #Nothing
What collective action would that entail? More sanctions will only affect the poor majority who are being held hostage by the Maduro regime. What can you actually do as outsiders to improve the situation and not make it worse.
The US and all those nations know well that an oil embargo would end Maduro’s regime in 24 hrs. The Venezuelan people can’t suffer more than they’re suffering now. Do not hesitate to cut those US$ that Maduro’s gang are stilling and using for killing
Embargo hasn’t ended Castro regime in Cuba. These people will hold onto power as much as they can.
Venezuela is not Cuba (a prison in the sea) Venezuelan military forces are not communists, they are thieves, they love money and freedom to move around the World. You’d have to be a Venezuelan citizen to understand this
Lived in Caracas for 5 yrs. Unfortunately, the Vzlans in power are the same as Castro regime and most hard line left wing govt officials, thugs who steal money and deepen their pockets. The thugs in the regime are being helped by other countries money-wise.

Venezuela no el problema de Los Estados Unidos y mas que muchos Venezolanos son creido y den creen superior.  Una cosa que se olvidan los paises es que los de Washington trabajan para nosotros y lo ponemos o sacamos de su poder si nos nos gusta algo
Personally, I believe you should move to Venezuela and represent them. CLEARLY you are more inline with them than the American people
sopla pipe
Did you tell them you betray your consituants, religious beliefs and support the destruction of democracy because you want campaign donations from the NRA?
You know that the kids in Florida are going to vote you out. You are spineless.
Anti-Castro Rubio, using the terms, 'collectively' then 'collective action' is ironic after crushing the collective actions of a socialist country for 20 years because they don't want to sell oil in dollars.
Why was Ivanka there? Who is she to pledge 150m bucks? Is she paying for it out of the phony trump foundation 
Why is your God so insecure?
You are so irrelevant it’s pathetic. Stop trying to get a seat at the adult table. You sold out too many times you’re a joke to everyone.
He is a joke to everyone but he received the most votes anyone has ever received in a statewide race in the state of Florida? You wish you were 1/10th of Senator Rubio.
We the #PEEPS agree with you...
No one cares about you.
Then why are you tweeting to him and following him on Twitter?
Cause She's a witch stalker Lol 
Why aren't you at home and sounding alarm bells for US. Trump is a wannabe dictator. Open your eyes
BUT IF WE TRY TO HELP
THE DEMONCRATS WILL
LET LOOSE WITH THIER
LEFTIST CRITIQUES!!!!
"shithole countries" need not apply?
#thankyouforyourleadership #yourfaithagift
You should have stayed.
You should change your Twitter bio, Kasky, it's not in keeping with your Twitter persona.
How did Secretary of State Ivanka do?

What is the advantage for the US in hosting?
Did it take a Summit to realize that?
#goptoday
how were the hookers?
