I love that a 13 year old girl runs our state
What does it say to girls when calling someone a girl is an insult?
Good choice leaving the “13 year old” part out. This way it seems like “girl” was meant as an insult.
It was a double insult but I don't care about the 13-year-old part. That was a shot at the maturity of Marco Rubio and I agree, he's childish. 
"Girl" WAS absolutely meant as an insult. The 13-year-old part doesn't mitigate that at all.
I would consider “13 year old boy” an equally harsh insult. But I do hear where you’re coming from and I guess some people could read it to mean 13 year old girls are even less qualified to hold a senate seat than 13 year old boys. Both probably more qualified than Rubio though.
Then why didn’t you say 13-year-old boy?
13 yo cisgender?
13 year old, by itself, works just fine. Gender’s a social construct anyway
Just like you doubled down saying you’ll take NRA money a week after a mass shooting in your home state? #105Marco
If liberals would just stop shooting people, we’d be fine
Are you insinuating that only liberals shoot people?
Every mass shooter has been, so not so much of an insinuation as a statement of fact.  You know.  Yeah, so there's that. But yeah hoorah that damned NRA.
This level of self assured ignorance is actually impressive
Well I mean if you take out all the conservs that have committed mass shootings (which is exactly what the original poster of “only libs  have committed mass shootings” did) you WILL find the rest of your sample being made of mods or libs. These can just be bunched as libs .
So much nonsense in 280 characters. Bravo!
I agree. I hope you realize I was explaining this guy’s thought process. If you don’t want the stats to show something, simply take out the samples that don’t match with what you want. I mean, the data is absolutely useless but say it enough and idiots will believe it.
@marcorubio has been on both sides of every issue and leader and reporter for his entire career. Trump saw/sees it, just as everyone else has for over a decade. But, he can’t be on both sides anymore. #GOPtaxscam and #peepeetape have clear winners and losers. He’s hedging, again.
Those rascally interns!

P.s. you are not good at this. Please resign.
Live look at Rubios spine
Plz don't insult the jellies
They can sting and Marco can’t
You are really bad at this.
"Marco Rubio walks back his walkback of his earlier walkback"
A reverse do- over??
Don’t trip when back pedaling. 
I’ll score your lie here a 1 out of 10.
Pay the man $1.05
lol he just quoted you, my man
Lying through your teeth is such delicate work.  Stay strong.
No one believes you Marco. You change policy positions when the wind shifts. And throwing an intern under the bus makes you extra gross today.
“In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses; there’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American worker.” Not written... Transcribed.
I give a rats ass about either political party but I have to say that the company I work for gave everyone a raise and it was a decent one and the same size for all of us.  They credited the tax plan.
My company has given thousands of us a good raise 5 years straight. Not “because” of the tax cut, but because taking care of your employees is the right thing to do. 
I'm new here so IDK what they've done over the last few years I can only go by what I've seen here is all.
You should ask if they’ve given raises previously.
You definitely should ask. We need to stop being so secretive about our wages. It increases our leverage over our employers so we can all get what we deserve.
Awww little Marco your walk backs are adorably incompetent
Another example of the rectitude, humility, and sense of responsibility and purpose we've come to expect from Senator Noodles
Don't you mean Senator Needless?
I think he meant Senator Noodlespine...
I'll accept that. 
Your level of deception is no way to match that of @realDonaldTrump
It’s not difficult to discuss public policy to ANYONE. Tell the truth. The problem is you LIE. Even worse-you believe you are smarter than the public & we won’t understand. Wake up-we understand all too well. Party over country-it’s been that way on both sides for years.
Well said, Cheryl! I’m astounded by all the @GOP politicians who believe the voting public is comprised of uneducated senseless sheep.

I suppose when we all line up to be counted on 11/7/18, they’ll comprehend their monumental error...

#VoteBlue2018 
#Midterms2018
#becounted
That’s the deal Friend. #TheyThinkWereStupid enough to keep electing them no matter how many times they lie or talk down to us. Big mistake Rubio, please pass it on at the slumber party on Saturday night.(Sorry 13 yr old girl Reference, couldn’t help myself)
lol god everything you do is just so freaking spineless it’s almost comical
@senmarcorubio  has trouble drinking water . He is spineless indeed.  Vote him out #BlueWave2018 #BlueWave2020
Mr. Rubio, you still voted for this and you comment about not backing down & making changes says you knew how bad this bill really was. You will have to live with the consequences from voters.
Someone must have yanked really, really hard on Rubio’s ‘Choke’ Chain.
You are such a wimp!
Gimme a break
Did you seriously try to walk your walk-back back?
So now you admit you were always FOR a tax cut that didn’t help most Americans and paid for with increased deficits to the tune of $1.5 trillion?   

I always knew you stood for nothing and had no integrity, but the amount of flip flopping you do on issues must be exhausting
They used your own quotes, dingle-nuts
Way to punch down, Senator. 

How can you walk without a spine?
@SpeakerRyan gave him lessons.
Marco, have been a supporter for years but you are losing me. I suggest you hold a press conference tomorrow and state exactly and clearly with whom you stand. Florida deplorable and darn proud of it
We are SO sick of your BS.
Please vote Marco Rubio out of office.  
#MarcoRubioIsACorruptTrumpLoyalist
#VoteRubioOutOfOffice
Fuck you. Grow a backbone. Or buy one online.
You sir are about as pathetic as a human being can be. You get publicity for being bold then run back to your corner each and every time. Why not use some of your lobbyist-paid money to buy some principles?
You know if you want to be president, you need to be bold and honest.  Trump is right you are a small man but in character only.
And there goes another one under the bus.
You get worse each day. #republicansAreLiars
Hey Marco- you’re abysmal. 
Okay now your gaslighting right!?! Taking cues from someone Senator?
Bottom line was your vote a yea or nay?
It’s amazing how bad you are at this
Who’s your candyman?   Maybe half your dosage. You’re not making sense.
Hey Marco you realize that the residents in Florida have not forgotten about their love ones who were lost due to gun violence. Florida see you for what you are you have a rats ears and a snakes tongue. You are a back stabbing double talking hypocrite hypocrite who lies and flip

you're weak just like the rest of your GOP counterparts...you're so scared of Trump, you'll kiss his ass and ignore his crimes.
What? Did the GOP’s check bounce?
"Although written by an intern" is so weak.
So you'll be cool with the Trillion dollar deficits? How about another non-sequitur bible verse? At least you're  good at that.
You really need to resign.  You have gone down a bad path with trump.
Hey. Can we have a comment on the Giuliani interview? Will you and GOP ignore this mess, or will you do something about it?
I believe Rubio's main form of exercise is walking back his declarations.
So you didn't say:  “In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses; there’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American worker" to the @TheEconomist
Ass.
Remember that time you had balls and told the truth?

Neither does anyone else!
Rubio is a human folding chair.  A coward of the highest order. Like @SenTedCruz but younger.
We HAVE to get rid of @tedcruz in November!! I just hope we have a big enough Dem turnout!
@BetoORourke 
#BetoORourkeForTXSenate #VoteTedCruzOut #FlipTexasBlue #CruzIsABigot #TXCanDoBetter #SaveDREAMERS #SaveDACA #NoWall #NoBigotry #BanAssaultWeapons #SensibleGunControl
You won't. Ted will wipe the floor with him.
A real stand up guy..
And what will the fake Mexican, Beto, do?
Party of personal responsibility
and now have the nerve to PRETEND you were against them after voting for them,  Sorry, some call that hypocrisy , but then in the south where I come from, we call it 2 faced lyin
Spineless Rubio strikes again. Dude tries to be on alll sides of everything, what an ass!
Dude, you just got murdered on Twitter by Monica Lewinsky. You're an embarrassment.
I was taking a bible bath and the lord appeared and told me « little marco, keep doing god’s work by screwing the poor and taking money from the NRA » and so i did. Hallelujah! 
You go!! Be PROUD of that tax cut you gave to the ultra-rich parasitic "friends" of yours. Be proud of it...and don't let the senate doors hit you in the ass come your next election.
What a load. The intern works for YOU so that makes YOU responsible for everything that come out of YOUR office with YOUR name on it. Man up
Interns are more honest than politicians. They haven't been corrupted yet
People determine your character by observing what you stand for, fall for, and lie for. 

ks: 12.23
“A double minded man is unstable in all his ways”, James 1:8
Why don't you try talking directly to the American People?
His pockets are deep with anti Trump lobbyists. He doesn’t speak for the people he respresents. Ever
Rubio is a money grubbing bloviate that would sell anyone out to keep his name in the news and $$$ in his pocket!
Wish I'd said that!  Perfect!
Blah blah blah NRA Whore blah blah blah
You’re a di€Kless wonder.
Baloney. You said it, now you are back tracking. Shame on you.
You need practice lying. You're really bad at it.
For once you told the truth and now you think that doing so was the wrong move...

You're doing it wrong.
It's more of a reminder that you are a spineless, soulless, Republican hack.
You're a spineless sack of shit. Can't wait to vote you into oblivion.
Marco you know Florida is going to fire you.  The Parkland High School Students will vote you out... You been caught lying too.
This was obviously the same intern who left porn on Ted Cruz’s computer.
You are unbelievable. Idiocy at its finest people.  #VoteThemOut
Thank you. For a minute there I thought hell had frozen over. Good to know you’re just as spineless as ever and “doubling down” on pathetically pandering to people who will never not see you as less than them. Phew.
You caved. You gave in. You kowtowed to Trump. You support the Republican tax scam and there is no way that you can now deny your role in passing it. It is difficult to discuss public policy when someone such as yourself is willing to lie, + attack anyone who calls you out.

You RAISED my taxes.
not a mystery why even trump supporters hate this lame
Get your lies straight dude.
Have you ever said anything in your life that you haven’t walked back?
Thoughts and prayers for your flip flopping.
Nasty Republicans are learning to lie from their leader, illegitimate president @realDonaldTrump. Rubio voted wholeheartedly for the tax scam for the wealthy, taking away our healthcare &now he will join the Repubs in taking our Social Security and Medicare. HE'S A FUCKING LIAR!

Ownership. Try it sometime instead of blaming the staffers
Your an idiot
He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight. Psalm 101:7
You double backed down.
You are an embarrassment to the American  peope. Remember, you are in govmt to represent ALL of the public, NOT your OWN or your GOP AGENDA!
You're an embarrassment to Florida.  You blatantly, shamelessly sold your soul to billionaires and special interests such as the NRA.  You don't represent the average person in Florida.  You have no principles or integrity.  We will vote you out!
why would you back down you're a corp shill all the way .  the only thing your idiotic tax cuts do is make the rich richer the deficit much much much much much much larger but the most important thing for you is they benefit corporations and the  wealthy // #Sanders2020
They got to you, I see. What did they use? Threaten your family? Revoke your country club membership? You had a spine for a minute. It was refreshing. Now you're back in the ocean with the rest of the invertebrates. #GOPTaxScam
For crying out loud - either nut up or shut up.
I'd say that @MonicaLewinsky destroyed you Marco, but in all fairness, you've destroyed yourself by being our most gutless Senator.
So in other words your political failings only sound bad when they're talked about by people that aren't you?
Looks like you got our memo. Going forward, you really need to learn how to better manage the words that come out of your mouth. Remember, NO FREELANCING or ORIGINAL THINKING if you want to keep our campaign checks coming. You work for us, Little Marco!
Your cowardice knows no end.

The US Attys Office in SDNY identified campaign finance as one of the violations they were searching for evidence of in the Cohen search warrant. So presumably, they had probable cause to look for evidence of criminal, not just administrative, violations.
At some time, you will have to be a man and take responsibility for YOUR actions. You voted yes on a bill that had not been peer reviewed and was rushed through. If YOU would have given it the time a bill this large and haphazardly written deserved, YOU wouldn’t be this confused.
Is Rubio a total waste of a senator. He is so embarrassing
Blaming your Intern, that's what your going with? Wow you're so weak
You're full of shit
Rubio told The Economist. “In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses; there’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American "

SO I VOTED FOR YES ON THE TAX SCAM !
I didn’t realize animals lacking spines could dig so deep.
i keep hoping you'll grow a spine. Now i give up.
you doubled down...hope no one forgets that.  Thanks for your cowardly leadership
yeah, we all know how you double down for the NRA, big boy.
Everything's difficult for you, Marco. Why is that?
In other words #PartyOverCountry eh, @marcorubio ?
The problem with you, & your party, is no one can believe a word when liars speak. You all built it and now you can choke on it. You, and your party have zero credibility. When you deny anything, we know what you're denying is more than likely the truth. GOP have fact aversions.
We stopped believing anything you said about 4 years ago when we learned you never or rarely showed up for work.  Sorry, you have to EARN CREDIBILITY.
You are a gutless embarrassment to the people of the great state of Florida and the shaming of a young person won’t change this #TaxScam
What do you even stand for?
 Marco Rubio told the truth. Now he’s worried about getting kicked out of the GOP.
I love how you lie and think that anyone with a brain believes you.  The only thing you've doubled down on are your two marriages.  The simultaneous ones.
LIAR!!! Say goodbye in Nov you creep! So spineless, every damn one of you #GOPTraitors gotta #LockThemAllUpAlready
And all this time i thought you were an intern, who soon would figure out you needed a new career path.
doubling down on bad policy? by blaming it on an intern?
You're a disgrace. 
#Resign
blaming the intern is so 1990's.  https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/991715770810994688 …
.TAX CUT GOOD FOR WHICH AMERICAN’s? Check out Atwater’s comments on Reagan Tax cuts? How is this different - most benefits go to the Rich & Corp's, middle and lower income Americans get the shaft again! You supported it by your vote
https://youtu.be/X_8E3ENrKrQ  #cnnbrk #wewillremember
DID YOU OR DID YOU NOT SIGN YOUR NAME WHEN THE TIME CAME TO DO SO?

Nobody gives a shit about anything else, so man up & admit you’ve chosen party over people & care nothing about doing the job for which you were elected.

In other words...

#Behotchplease 
#girlbye 
#VoteBlue
NOBODY I know benefited from this Taxscam. Hope you're happy with your riches, fake Christian.
Poor Marco, no one cares anymore. Your words mean nothing.
#GOPtaxscam 
#GOPCorruption 
#NeverAgain
You prove to everyone over and over again that you're in invertebrate. Resign.
I read an article in the Natl Review about Sen. Rubio's views on the tax bill. Sure enough, it is missing something that so often isn't there in Rubio's remarks: evidence and argument. He claims that the tax bill has been good overall, but offers nothing to back it up.
Go back to the bible quotes please. #Basta
Oh, please, Senator, don’t lie and don’t treat us like we’re stupid.  It’s just massive tax cuts to multinational corporations.
Texas Ted over here like
We badly need some new leadership..
I thank you, Senator, for your excellent work on the tax bill. You merely pointed out how it could have been better.  You could’ve been wiser in your assessment to the ‘Economist’ benefits of business tax cuts, but your successful efforts to double tax credits is commendable.
Why don't you just go away, already? You are obviously terrible at politics. Can't you go do something you would be good at, like be a White House press secretary or something? Lying obviously comes naturally to you. Sara Sanders could mentor you and everything.
You ain't shit. I blocked you a long time ago.

You are right it is hard to lie to the public...too much internet access.
Coming from the guy who flip flopped after his failed presidential run.
Said he would get out of politics, but the money and corruption could
not stop this swampy GOP'er.
The GOPs are having difficulty keeping your shit in order, lies, money given by lobbyists and corporations, lack of care for the people you represent. Time to retire and be honest it’s not only good for the soul but study shows it takes stress off ones personal health.
Oh, I hope there’s a tape
#PantsOnFire
Pussy
So thank you Sen Ribio for the $1.5 trillion deficit addition.  This is not good stewardship.  They devour widows' houses and for a show make lengthy prayers. These men will be punished most severely." Luke 20:47
The intern has a soul, you sold yours long ago.
And yet FLA had the chance to vote the “no show to work” out of office and there he is still reeking havoc on the state.
Well fake Christian NRA owned Marco, if you wouldn't love and go against Americans so much, then your stories would be easier to remember.  Stop your lies
Wait, so when you got positive coverage for speaking out against the #TaxScamBill you decided that wasn’t right and set the record straight to say that you are for screwing over America? Good job! Can’t wait to vote you out in a few years!
It isn't hard if you're not a liar.
11 year old girls such as Naomi Wadler have so much more to offer humanity than you ever will.
Although written by a spineless Republican puppet, this tweet is a shows how hard it is for Rubio to tell the truth.

You are a liar. National Review vs the Economist. 

Plus loving me some @MonicaLewinsky
#onedollarfivecents
It's really not that difficult. Just be clear and consistent. Take responsibility is step one, instead of throwing someone under the bus. You know, all that personal responsibility stuff?
I guess he forgot to strap on his balls this morning when going into the office! Damn, hate when that happens!
You are so full of ! You’re just anotherGOP ripoff artist owned by the rich donors to your campaign!
Oh please you have never doubled down in your whole political career. You have no backbone to stand up for the people you represent...
Grow up


Go back to quoting scripture
The difficulty you face in discussing public policy is that it is difficult for a mealy mouthed worm like yourself to speak truthfully. And when you accidentally do tell the truth, you gotta worm your way back.
Like doubling down on the tax scam is what Jesus wants you to do. #WWJD
You sir, have kissed Trumps ass for so long it’s hard to tell which LIAR is which.
Did you run for Senate just to complain about how the news covers what you say?
Surprise surprise, you're still a putz....
Jeez shut up Marco and go home. I think I hear your mother calling you.
Spineless
Excuses, excuses, excuses.
Blah blah blah
Your office couldn't run without interns. Don't diminish the work interns in all workplaces do.
Honestly how do you sleep at night
Soooo not enough. #notmyvote

And that....3 million dollar NRA lap dog will be one of the reason you will out of office..........SOON!
Wow. You’re just as spineless as the rest of your party. Can’t wait to see the GOP crash and burn in November.
It's difficult because you change your story every day.
FLIP-FLOPPER! Just kidding, you're just a spineless Uncle Tomás who misses votes like the @MiamiHEAT missed shots last round and is seemingly only in the game to continue using his @GOP credit card for personal expenses.
Every intern is a more valuable human being than you are
Damn, if only it was written by jake Paul
The lies and deceit are played out @marcorubio have a spine for once.
... for a tax cut for the rich? How is this a good thing? C'mon. You're smarter than that. So are we.

You are an #invertibro
More excuses.
PLEASE! You backed down & screwed over hard working Americans in order to line your greedy pockets! It’s time to do some housework & get rid of you crooks once & for all!  #BlueWaveIsComing #VoteThemOut #TermLimitsNow
