Amen Senator Marco Rubio!
Dude...yhe only think you lay down for is the lobbiests, corrupt swamped,  mockingbird media, and your own profit.
Ffs!  Show some dignity!
Represent your constituents! 
DO YOUR JOB!
TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION FFS!
How about some Aesop's Fables? Same thing.
Yes
BOY OH BOY Marco you have become such a BSer . Be a man and tell your truth. not what you think people want to hear but the truth. Do you even know what your truth is at this point?
Marco, stop it... You are trying to win over the evangelicals. They will see through your phony bologna as I do. You are and always have been a phony.. thats why you'll stay stuck. You are a sell out.
And you would lie to your followers.
Seriously?  You're gonna quote the Bible after admitting the lies you've told. What is wrong with you?
That's great but u should be supporting the PRES , in all areas or keep it to urself, hopefully all u  swamp Republicans get voted out!!
Da Fuq?
The above tweet is brought to you by a fake Christian.
Conservatrash

#NotEvenDogCatchers
You didn’t say you go to church
Amen
My dad went to church every And was a Democrat what a disappointment the GOP you should be ashamed of your self supporting trump
Yeah right!! What about parkland??? You won’t even cut your ties to the NRA and your acting like your some kind of holy martyr... These bible quotes are nice and all but it’s obvious that you retain none of there actual meaning.
 amen. Alabemos al Señor hoy y por los siglos de los siglos amén.

What’s wrong with NRA money? Is it any worse than Soros money? All politicians get money. Of course the people in the other party are going to get money from organizations you don’t like. The NRA doesn’t manufacture or sell guns—they fight for the second amendment.
Thanks for the daily Bible verses. 
You and your lies with your money from nra
Fake went you steal from ss and  Medicaid
Looks like you have a following and to calling.
You running for Pope
Why do you always talk so funny?
Hey Mario, when you actually practice what you preach, start tweeting again.
Please stop. Church and state.
All of a sudden this want to be Republican is now a minister quoting verses from the Bible. Being that he is in a state that has lots of older wealthier people and older retire white folks. How low will Rubio go to get money from Republican people. Where are his morals 
Scriptures or deeds?
Yeah right. You are actually gathering sheep for slaughter.
#SaveAlfieEvans
How can you quote the bible when you take money from the NRA.
The 2nd Amendment is the right to keep & bear arms against government tyranny. The NRA is filled w God-fearing patriots. I think you must be a low-information voter who only follows the fake news narrative? Do your research!
Not a good shepherd @realDonaldTrump
You do realize that there is NOTHING in the Bible that pertains in a positive manner to the current state of the (R) party, right? @dpogreba
Thank you Jesus
This is his daily affirmation to Trump. Nothing to see here. #FakeAss

You have actually laid down your life for a con artist in "Sheeps Clothing"
What part of "separation of church and state" do you not understand?
What part of “Separation of Church and State” is illegal or unconstitutional?
You are my Hero. Be encouraged.
Amén
Crazy people kill. NRA protects good people from crazy and bad people. Thank you Sen Marco Rubio.
Stop it!
How does this relate to your work as a #Senator
You disgust me. Too bad you’re not up for re-election all the scriptures in the world wouldn’t save you. #GOPCorruption #GunControlNow #boycottNRA
Is this your way to repent against everything vile you’re doing to our country? #rubioFakePriest #GOPComplicit #GunContolNow
$3,000,000 of "donations"to vote pro gun 3,000,000 times. Spineless POS
#murderer
Now would be a good time for @marcorubio to follow the example of this fake Christian tweet.
Yeah, but you are a RINO and I will not vote for you again!
Pretty sure you are far from Christ like but you are a good follower in a bad way.
Do you spend all day reading and writing scripture? On the taxpayers dime? HYPOCRITE.
Your god would be NOT be thrilled that you are taking money from the NRA GUN LOBBY & ignoring the pleas of students all over the country begging for SENSIBLE gun control, & the ban of AK-15. You are weak. #ICallBS


Keep telling yourself that, Marco.
When would you come up with something original? Never you are a mediocre Latin boy who hides behind the Bible. Grow up
What???
What does this have to do with anything? I like the label "fake christian" aka hypocrite that speaks with forked tongue.
And you'll do just about anything for NRA money
Blessed are the meek they shall inherit thevearth Repent Forgive all pray for Mercy Rapture imminent be ready 3 days of darkness Ask him Now Jesus loves you ..listen..
Is this your idea of a joke?
#FakeChristian
We need chris christy to be gop chair
Was this sponsored by the NRA?  #DeadKids

Thank you and your family for your noble service to country. You are a great human being and we are grateful.
Matthew 23:27 “Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are like whitewashed tombs, which look beautiful on the outside but on the inside are full of the bones of the dead and everything unclean.”
Matthew 23:28 “In the same way, on the outside you appear to people as righteous but on the inside you are full of hypocrisy and wickedness.”
Luke 20:46 “Beware of the teachers of the law. They like to walk around in flowing robes and love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and have the most important seats in the synagogues and the places of honor at banquets.”
Luke 20:47 “They devour widows’ houses and for a show make lengthy prayers. These men will be punished most severely.”
OMG will you please shut up you HYPOCRITE
Are you kidding me.  No wonder you lost against an equally insane man. Come out of the closet.  You will be happier.
@TB_Times @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @CNN @DavidCornDC @Brasilmagic 
Marco, I know you and the Father and we know you will do the write thing by voting against Pompeo, who know not what he doeth. 
Vote against Pompeo and you won't have to lay down your life for sheep! Fugue 55:5
Apparently you don’t even do the “write” thing very well.  No charge for the pun!
Wish you were our prez
Ewww
Maybe you’re in the wrong profession...
Instead of spouting gospel try living it
Yes I remember the tacky siz3 of hands remark.  Not a gentleman. Now your preaching

More from the tolerant left!  #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
BOOOORIIIING. can you really not come up with something more original than hiding behind religion to cover for the fact that you’re a huge asshole? #yuuugeasshole
Yeah you have no integrity, Rubio!  I had high hopes for you, as you seemed reasonable.  Nope, you are as spineless and fake as they come.
Faith without works is dead. James 2:17
Trump's small hands, onto promising some deluded kid that his friend is going to make it out of high school, to quoting scriptures? The quintessential RINO politician. "Flag, God, Children" the country and its people can go to hell, but talk about the flag, god, and the babies.
So why are you so meek in the face of an authoritarian racist?
After reading the disrespectful, even hateful reply’s to your Bible verse, I find it ironically true that ‘they do NOT KNOW Jesus and WHAT He stands for...  I pray they do some day, and ask the them and the world the following question:
1.  Are Christians shooting their children?
So you're good on the sheep thing. What about victims of gun violence? #shootemuprubio #youaresuchadouche
You are definitely not my good shepherd! You don't know me nor do you care about what affects my life negatively.
AWESOME !!!
Please
Thou shalt not protect a criminal installed by corrupt dictator thug-for such action is against the people—and it is the people who are to be served, and rule of law that deserves to be honored.                AmericanCitizens 20:18
Are you a pastor or politician? And did you accept money from NRA?
Dude!! STFU!! You’re bought and paid for!!
AMEN--Our good friend's son laid down his life to save others in Iraq, October, 2005.
Professing your hypocrisy is considered distasteful.. fyi
We should pray for Rubio and Trump-like Psalms 109:8 says. It says, “Let his days be few, and let another have his office.”
Bgone  pinheaad
Then stand for draining the swamp. Support our President.
God is watching you...you can post all the Bible talk you want, but he SEES what you’re doing, and what you are doing is wrong. #WhatsoeverYouDoToTheLeastOfMyPeopleThatYouDoUntoMe
Yesterday in church we discussed James chapter 5, 1-6 and I know we aren't supposed to judge but you were the very first person that came to mind Mr. Rubio.  Since you are so quick to quote scripture I'm sure you have your bible handy... but if not... here goes... #Rubio
You have laid up treasure in the last days.4 Behold, the wages of the laborers who mowed your fields, which you kept back by fraud, are crying out against you, and the cries of the harvesters have reached the ears of the Lord of hosts. #Rubio
5 You have lived on the earth in luxury and in self-indulgence. You have fattened your hearts in a day of slaughter. 6 You have condemned and murdered the righteous person. He does not resist you.

This just made me think of you and your "special" relationship with @NRA #Rubio
Yeah, anything to get a few votes now
You lie. Do something. Put children first.
The sheep are being abused, neglected, mistreated, unrepresented, 
ignored, and let to the slaughter under you watch.
Please quit preaching 
Separation of church and state
Kidding right??
Kyle, what Little Marco said is great. Only thing is he can’t be trusted. He’s looking out for himself not Americans. MAGA 
Marco lays down the lives of others as he serves the NRA
And your constituents know you talk about of both sides of your mouth, then go against what your constituents want and vote for. Another FRAUD
How do people vote for you when you can tweet such utter nonsense.
MARCO RUBIO, your attempts to use the scriptures for your self serving lusts is reprehensible.   Your use of scriptures rings like an empty rubbish bin rolling down a rocky hillside. MANY LIVES HAVE BEEN LAID LOW FOREVER, BECAUSE OF YOUR MINDLESS GUN VOTES.
COULD YOU ATTEMPT DOING YOUR JOB TODAY?
If that’s true. Spend a year in high school.
A man who has sold his soul to remain in power cannot quote scripture. You failed bro. Literally thousands of fresh young voters will hit the polls this Nov. You refused to stand for them over the NRA and all their family n friends remember that. 
I beg to differ. First off don't you call yourself a politician? Arn't you a conservative? I'm willing to bet Jesus ain't real pleased with you using his work to entice voters to be in the realm of evil with 'Republicans.'
#HouseOfHypocrites
The Waffle House murderer is a product of your GOP.
"Religion is the all-too-often refuge for scoundrels" - Neal Boortz
What does "whoremonger" mean to you? It's extremely insulting when anyone uses scripture to somehow convey their own righteousness, while supporting the Trump administration.
Pandering shill. If you were a real #christian your voting record would reflect as much.
Thank you, Marco.great scripture verse.
Good one! Tell the sheep you care
Where are your thoughts and prayers today?
I guess I admire your Scripture iquotations esp[ecially in light of so much of your public behavior. I would assume God, if He's there and listening, might be tempted to smite you for the disconnect. 
Either He's deaf or He doesn't exist. Lucky you. Amen.
@marcorubio please stop with the Bible verses, live your life by example instead, stop being a hypocrite
The hate from liberals is not a surprise!

Ur religion is not ours. Stop these fairy tale quotes!
As a good sheppard you laid down your political career for trump as he insulted you on TV
Aren't you doing exactly what Jesus said not to? Making a big show of your religion (while also not living it)?

Thou art a Hypocrite.
Thanking you for standing up against the CCP's aggressive invasion time our democracy. God bless you and America
Is today opposite today?
Resign.
His flock begs him not to be led to slaughter, and he does nothing because he's on the butchers' take.
La palabra del buen pastor! In God we trust! 
F-you. If you're trying to be a shepherd, stand up to the #TraitorinChief li'l Marco!
#Practicewhatyoupreach!
You’re not still upset about the election, are you?
But you won't introduce real gun legislation to save the little lambs. They are only worth $1.05 to you.
Is this a joke? Money monger #NRABloodMoney lobbyist can’t return constituents phone call #LittleMarco quoting scripture? Nice try, ur not @POTUS
Stop with the bible quotes- you take blood money-this does not absolve you.

You sir are a hypocrite
Good luck, Puerto Rico votes
Nice bible scripture, but you never laid down your life for another wearing a suit and tie.
Forget laying down life for sheep just #dosomething #Act about Trump get all your Shepherds together in Washington and #dosomething #Act please we our begging you save us #dosomething
I love your choice of scripture Marco. Thanks for sharing to keep us all humble.
Oh shut up. Hypocrisy.
But you won't risk your standing with the NRA. 

Hypocrit Christian. 

I can even remember when that wasn't redundant. Dang I'm old.
creepy
Amen
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
An evil soul producing holy witness
Is like a villain with a smiling cheek,
A goodly apple rotten at the heart.

Shakespeare
I urge you to publicly support Senate Bill 2644, the "Special Counsel Independence & Integrity Act" co-sponsored by Senator Graham. DEMAND a vote.
Rubio, if you really want to help Americans clean up corrupt healthcare system in Fl. Worst in country. I wrote U 4 help with my quadriplegic son and your office promised help and did NOTHING! ALL TALK NO ACTION.
Please forgive those who don’t know the Lord Marco.  And please keep posting Bible verses.
Like that
You, sir, are a waste of oxygen.
What is with you? If you want to preach, become a preacher; if you want to govern, then do the job we pay you to do & provide checks to the executive branch!
Sheep = children and no you let them get slaughtered by assault weapons while you stuff your pockets with NRA .

Sure you didn’t mean goats?
The sheep watch Fox and vote for trump, that’s a huge problem for America
Someone went to mass on good shepherd Sunday
I love it when thugs start quoting the Bible.
Bullshit, you think of none
Thou shalt not kill.
"I am your voice. I alone can fix it. I will restore law and order." Trump 2016:7-20. Pfft, been there heard that. We gotta get away from looking for some messiah, the one guy that will fix everything. BS/dangerous. Example-Galilee/Samaria/Judea/Jerusalem 70ce. Lot of "messiahs".

Matthew 6:1
Nothing good about you
