I am tire of and despise people that hide behind the Bible.  I have personal experience with an ordained minister that quoted scripture and raped children, so your out of touch Bible quoting  means what?
I'm tired of all the bots but I can take time to report at least one a day and you're the lucky one today.
This applies to every GOP member of congress who stand idly by while Trump destroys not only the Rep. Party but also the country.
Seriously? Back that statement up with some facts, and not some made up liberal talking point bs. Go ahead, I dare you.
You triple dog dare!? Ohhh snap
Wow 1 2 push on the Putin Bots!!
Can you follow-up your bible references with an explanation of relevance? Otherwise it looks like you're just showing off, and don't actually know how they relate to today. Especially since you love vague old testament passages
Too Corinthian Leather
Thank you Senator, for  sharing God's word with us everyday. So grateful to have a Senator who walks with God and talks with God and seeks his guidance and direction. Without God we are nothing and so thankful that you get that, you really get it! 
This god that you all speak of, what would he think about the money Marco takes from the NRA, the way donnie speaks of woman and other minorities. You all are creating atheists at record numbers. My god is nothing like yours.
You quote the Bible  while gutting programs that help million
Remember this Marco
As you do to the LEAST of these so you do unto me
Food for thought
The little waterboy quotes from the bible, while cutting programs that help people. you are a Faux Christian.
The former Senator of Florida.  #VoteThemOut
Hypocrite
Describes you perfectly #NeverAgain
Yep, that's an excellent description of the Republican Party that stands by and contentedly watches our environment and our democracy destroyed, bit by bit. What do they care, they're rich & getting richer and live in ivory towers with purified air.
Jesus sacrificing himself for the sins of the world is an excellent description of the Republican Party?
Nope, just the 'like a lamb led to slaughter, he did not open his mouth' part.
Oy vey.
Like you to Trump? Why are you tweeting this? Guilt? Is he a moral compass for you? and you stand by him? If not, don’t tweet this because you are a hypocrite and garbage. Shame on you.
Though children were massacred, he submitted to the @NRA and did not open his mouth; Like a blood money puppet or a coward silent before teenage murderers owning AR-15s, Marco Rubio did not open his mouth. VANDELAY 04:19
Good morning. Now please try to do something good for the public you serve. Like actually good. And not, like, back away from it. For once.

Are you saying that you are afraid to mention Russian sanctions?
Rubio is saying he knows he's going to burn in hell so he wants to take as many of us with him as he can.

While having an affair with a Playmate 
So sayeth a Trump supporter.
Have you no sense of irony?
Say what you mean, mean what you say. Vaguely quoting scripture is cowardly without exegesis. What you’re doing is pathetic. Step up, be a man, and dictate what you believe. Stop using the Bible as a shield.
*You, on the other hand, were not made a senator to be led to slaughter. Do the right thing, Sir, and save this country from the significant damage being done. Open your mouth.

When @marcorubio doesn’t have anything to tweet he just randomly quotes a middle-eastern writer.
#treasonweasels
Maybe lying Rubio is praying for himself.
We need #GunReformNow
I think he is talking about Comey. Too bad this senator can't speak to the people in a way they can understand. Perhaps that's his point.
Exactly! Rubio tweets in Bible code to tell his truth bc Trump doesn’t get it! 
“Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house” Ezekiel 12:2
Bible code? Really? And yet I can't find 2 Christains who match up in their intrepretation the Bible. To have a code, there has to be one, unanimously clear key to unlock it. Otherwise, it is gibberish that deserves to be burned.
Who says? Philosophy is a great example. Beautiful or intense, thought-provoking prose can be interpreted w/emphasis on different areas of meaning depending on what someone’s currently going through, or based on their life experience & neither is “wrong”.
You're very like a melodramatic ex.
7000 children shot every year. 1300 of them shot to death. For God’s sake, DO SOMETHING!
It’s not too late to bleat out against Trump treason, Young Marco...
No, not @marcorubio 
He has put his faith, wholeheartedly in his God.
No need to Lead: He is a devout follower.
Your not Jesus and you aren’t being wrongfully persecuted. You are pandering to evangelicals who also think they are the persecuted but are actually the ones doing the persecution. #liar #FakeChristian #Judas #bloodmoney #WeCallBs #NeverAgain #VoteMarcoOut
Your conscience is speaking to you Senator.
Those ears!
Vagueblogging the Bible for brownie points, are we? Matthew 6:1, “Be careful not to practice your righteousness in front of others to be seen by them. If you do, you will have no reward from your Father in heaven.”
Okay okay this is obviously not referring to our the leader of the GOP mr. Trump. Yesterday's was in reference to him I get it. Today's no not so much. Maybe tomorrow. Still waiting on information on when Broward County will have #townhall one that is not in front of CNN cameras
Wouldn't mind a town hall meeting in Pasco as well.
when did lambs start speaking english?
LOL
What does Trump or Russia have on you that you have not crossed the aisle? Your words have faded. Our nation is dying.
The #Lord knew his purpose & mission for coming to earth.... Teach Love & kindness, Faith and Atone for the sins of all mankind   Our Savior
please do not allow them to take our Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid! We American people and employers have paid into that! It is our Money!
Matthew 23:14 (KJV)
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation.
This is very fitting for you.
Thank you for comparing America to a lamb and reassuring us that we’re being slaughtered by our government and you
Coward

Harsh? Harsh is the reality the parents of Parkland now live with as they grieve the loss of their beloved child because you did NOTHING. Instead of standing up for an Amendment stand up for innocent lives.

God Warrior Liar. Be gone.
Sounds like you and Trump. Keep being silent about this immoral man and criminal.
Cohen? Good luck...
Are you contemplating a hair cut?
In other words: keep your damn mouth shut. Don't be a rat. Don't tell the cops nuttin'.
Says the man with an A+rating from the NRA.Stop the slaughter,refuse the money ,legislate,DO YOUR JOB.
They are. There is no political will for your activism goals. They actually represent the people. The people working on this while you scream NRA. How are you helping?
By blocking annoying little bots like yourself.If you don't like it,complain to your four followers.p.s.tell Vlad it won't work this time. 
Wow how tyrranical
Bots as thick as Florida skeeters.And just as annoying!You must be one of his 4 followers.Tell the other 3 I'm blocking you too.
Better: like *American schoolchildren led to slaughter by NRA-owned senators*
Exact number of peopl killed by the NRA or its members-0

Marco, please stop with this scripture quoting. It is an insult to sincere christians.
Now here’s irony. Someone speaking on behalf of sincere Christians is referring to quoting Scripture as insulting 
Pastor little Marco get to f..king peoples work and stop the bible BS
Triggered
WTF is this?
???
Senator you are not harshly treated we just call you out for your total complete and utter lack of leadership. 

#ashamed to have you as my representative
@CNNPolitics Hey Rubio you give us all these bible quotes and then you get down on your knees to the insult to POTUS, the Drumpf, and then you praise the rise of the MODERN REICH, the GOP.
What are you trying to say? Go ahead, just say it. Come out from behind that Bible and take a stand.
What the hell?
Your victim complex is getting really tired.
Well, that's not Marco Rubio. He cannot possibly keep his mouth shut.
Are you a sheep just accepting what this president is doing to all the norms?
It's disgusting how you use the bible to hide behind but not how to govern your life or others.  You're not fooling anyone.

Maybe you should resign, and become a full time pastor... freaking hypocrite
Just resign.
delete ur account
James 1:21 
“Therefore lay aside all filthiness and overflow of wickedness, and receive with meekness the implanted word, which is able to save your souls.”

So now you’re advocating the slaughter of lambs in your daily Bible Wiki?
Sounds like you’re describing yourself #GOPComplicit
Pastor Rubio, thou art a hypocrite.
1. When will Russia deserve sanctions? And
2. A judge has finalized a $25 million settlement for students who claim they were defrauded by Trump; you support this guy?


If you're going to tweet your religious bullshit, you shouldn't tweet it from this account. You're a US Senator, remember separation of Church and State. Not all your voters or people you represent are Christian or even religious.

Marco Rubio you are going to prison
STOP!!!
Wow. I bet that with the caps lock as well as the two extra exclamation points, Senator Rubio will indeed stop. I mean, how could he not? Just the caps? Nah. Just the two extra exclamation points? Nah. Together though? Savage!


#Brennan #AprilShowers #QAnon
Brennan started 
Brennan works for Henry
Henry is Putin's BFF
…
Powerful word of wisdom...Thank you.
Perfect example of the GOP silence and complicity. We are not treating you harshly, we are treating you like the criminals you are.
So this sounds like you on most issues. Silent. . .
@marcorubio recently escaped from Westworld
LOL, hiding behind the Bible. So courageous. No words of your own? Just a follower, no leadership skills?

you are an embarrassment. Vote him out!!! 
Realy?Bible verses from one of the people with the least charity in his heart.Kiss off Marco.Hardly an honorable action from you.Trying to us the people's own religion against them.
Dude, subtlety is clearly not your strong suit.
Again with the Bible verses.
I assume that @marcorubio is referring to the Republican Party letting Trump destroy what Reagan stood for?
It’s time for you to stop being a fake Christian and shut the He** up
How about the NRA??
Practice what you preach
Do you think he would have tweeted if it was available ? Focus on doing the right thing with the tasks at hand Marco. Or stand down and sell insurance.
Oral fixation much ?
Go be a priest. But first confess
Is this for Cohen..cause he not saying anything..I guess he knows he's up the creek without a paddle..
Ephesians 5:11 “Take no part in the unfruitful works of darkness, but instead expose them.”
 
Your silence is complicity, Marco.
Stop already!  If I wanted to have references from the Bible I could read it or ask someone with biblical knowledge. I would not ask a member of our government to send a daily message about god. Not your job and irrelevant!
So why are you supporting a warmonger for Sec State again? Lamb of God and all that is about peace isn’t it?
What the hell does this mean?
COMPLICIT
Please practice what you preach!!!
You're describing yourself and your complicity with this kakistocracy.  Shame on you.
105cents
Can't say the same for you Sir. Wisdom reveals itself to those who have vision.
Is st. Stephen still your martyr. Justice for Clark sacramento. Keep religion out of politics.
Son of man, thou dwellest in the midst of a rebellious house, which have eyes to see, and see not; they have ears to hear, and hear not: for they are a rebellious house. Ezekiel 12:2
Ppl LISTEN & WATCH - Rubio tweets in Bible code to tell his truth bc Trump doesn’t get it!
Marco Mojito Rubio, NRA terrorist!
Please stop #basta
Cram it, Bible-thumper. Are people being mean to you, poor little baby? Well, TS! Maybe lay off the cherry picking of scripture and try practicing what you preach
@Twitter stop this clown
BEAUTIFUL AWESOMENESS
Your not right in the head man. You preach god yet you sell out lives to gain plood money from the NRA.



Will you go in the same way Little Marco or will we need to physically carry you away?
The Rubio staffer in charge of his Twitter account might just be a jedi-level troll. Always choosing bible quotes that highlight his hypocracy and ineffectiveness.  #bible #troll
Mathew 23:25“Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you clean the outside of the cup and of the plate, but inside you are full of greed and self-indulgence
Foretold 700 years before it occurred. Amazing.
I bet you think you're the victim. You'll never be president. We'll guarantee it. Resign.
Are you quoting old testament for a reason? or is this a proxy message?
when did you changed careers?
This fronting with the Bible is increasingly creepy, Marco. Also: you are a money-grubbing coward who has zero interest in improving the lives of anyone but rich donors.
@marcorubio plays "man of god" all while he watches and supports the slaughter of Palestinians by his mass murdering genocide loving friends #israel
Michael Cohen?
"Though harshly treated [by his conscience], he submitted [to the NRA] and [opened] his [bank account to their manifold bribes]; like a lamb led to slaughter or sheep silent before shearers [or a Republican spreading his cheeks for money], he did [what he was told]. Cash 20.18"
Sounds like a Trump supporter
#MarcosBibleVerse
t-rump submitted lies on twitter & when he opened his mouth. Like the bigot he is, every word he spoke was a lie. And I did nothing to remove the cancer from the presidency. I am a disgrace. I should resign. #Resist 04:19:2018
Fellow Conservatives,
The Conservative Corner stands with Senator Rubio, & our 2nd Amendment Rights.
Disturbed people kill other people....
not guns.....
Deal with the mental issues first....
#The Conservative Corner......
The person who posts your Bible verses is trolling you because he/she just described you perfectly when it comes to issues affecting our nation.

Why don’t you follow suit and keep your mouth shut too !!!!!!!
You should stop.
That's the problem with certain #people & republicans Is you guys look the other way to serious problems. Don't be a sheep...be a Wolf

You can’t be speaking about trump he opens his lying mouth every day. And yet you take up for him
Marco Rubio is a cult extremist and dangerous menace to the USA.
Really Marco, you think you are being treated unfairly again?  And you think publishing these bible verses equates to your not complaining about it?

Get a life brother!
S TFU go be a priest you would be better at that than a politician.
He screameth his utter foolishness day after day, braying his hypocrisy for all to hear.  1 Rubio 4:18
#NarcoDubio is clearly a moron. Quoting scriptures will not win you votes.
عندما الوعاء يمتلي يبدا يخرج الزايد عن سعته
Proverbs 31:9 Open your mouth, judge righteously, defend the rights of the poor and needy.
It’s time for one of you to open your mouth. We are the lambs being led to slaughter.
“For fear of criminal indictment, he did not open his mouth” Huber 2018
Isis and taliban manipulates through religion and looks like so do you

Making a martyr out of yourself, are ya?
Trying, yes. But not succeeding either at martyrdom OR actually keeping his trap shut like in his cute little Bible passage.
Little Marco made a fool of by perfidious Trump but meek as a lamb to stand up and do whats right. Very poor Marco
Triggered
Matt 6:5-15- when you pray, do not be as they hypocrites...

The hate bots are out.  Lol.  Thanks for the verse Marco.
is that supposed to be a Good thing?
The messege lost me here
So the bible doesn't know the difference between being slaughtered and getting a haircut?

No wonder you're into guns and mass shootings Marco.
Marlo, is this a self reflection of you lack of ability to speak out about the disgusting thing Trump has done?

Or your thoughts on what will continue to happen to children as you still support the NRA?
#GunControlNow 
#BlueWaveIsComing 
#Resist
In other words Peter. U want communism . Maybe you should go to another country if your not living in America
Very creative response, I’ll bet you were home schooled.
Baa baa baa Marco, you sure are one.
I wish you would shut your damn http://mouth.You  prove that you are not a Christian every day.

Interesting verse.
Marco when I want to be preached to I'll go to church
Yeah, enough of that...

Time to lock up the Crooks!
Why don't you just quit politics and join the priesthood? Your focus is only on Christianity so let someone who actually wants to represent all constituents, instead of just one religious denomination, do the job.
To WHAT exactly is this referring? Tell me it's not Mr. Cohen!!! Tell me it's not yet another attempt to manipulate him!

Hey, Marco. Are you carrying a message to Cohen? Should Trump’s Lamb stay silent? Trump is being spanked by a porn star & not in the way he likes. Cohen is only the latest spending time in the vice of justice. Many of your GOP brethren will soon be too. Will you be among them?


Amen 
Baby bot. 7 followers 

#Putinbot #Putintroll

Report, block & carry on.
I love the scripture you put every day. God bless you.
Can't someone just be moved by the Bible and choose to share without being attacked?  The response(s) from all these Christians who are condemning is hypocritical.  Maybe spend your time reading the Word and let God judge.
Are you talking about the Donald? A lot of squealing going in
Good one, hi Ted!
Are you referencing the debates with Trump?
Great verse about the sufferings of Christ. Thank you for sharing.
Sure did but before that he flipped table and told them about their natural asses. Step up Marco or step out.

So.....basically you want us the People to shut up and let Congress abuse us at will? Good to know.
If you are speaking of the the President, I would refer you to 1 Peter 5:8. It seems more on the mark.
#reversetaxcuts
You cannot serve two masters, read that in the bible. You back a man like Trump as if he is a god. Choose  this day.
Separation of Churc and State - United States Constitution

No trumps GOP just lie and obstruct justice. Pleas resign you have become a cliche.

