Like your face in the NRA?
You're #NRABloodMoney , #TrumpRussia garbage. No faith in you. 
Stop with the bible verses.  It is your actions that matter.  You voted for the tax scam for the rich and famous.  Now go away.
Rich people who see a brother or sister in need, yet close their hearts against them, cannot claim that they love God. (1 John 3:17)
I wish it were as simple as believing a bible verse, but it’s not. The truth is, most Americans have hearts that are troubled because they can’t find a job that pays a living wage, they can’t afford health insurance & are living in country with senators who accept #NRABloodMoney.
Amen
Roma 4: Liverpool 2
Maybe if you told us what you are doing once a week in between the proverbs
That would be a good thing.
Really Marco?  Faith in you?  The man bought by the NRA?  The man who refuses to separate Church & State?
sorry #hypocrite but your party had a Priest Fired from congress for daring to a preach Gods message. #blessedAreThePoor
I’m troubled that you won’t stop taking NRA #BloodMoney
Yeah and I mad at all the Democrats for taking Planned Parenthood money
I have faith in Marco Rubio 
I have faith you will value #NRABloodMoney over American lives
I have faith you will protect the most corrupt POTUS in American history over the American people
I have faith that you and the rest of the republikkklans will always choose party over USA

The Bible is not going to save u from the children they r going to vote u out
And the Lord saideth unto little Marco, giveth back the $3.5 million you haveth taken from the gun manufacturers lobby, but little Marco did not pay heed, and was thus punished by the electorate. #NRABloodMoney
Ok I keep hearing about NRA blood money not one of you are saying about abortion money that your friends are taking
Matt. 6:5-6   5 “And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full.”
6 But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.
lil' marco voted YES on the TAXSCAM...not fooling anyone you f'n hypocrite
Lil Marco. Don't tell stories from a book that is fake
STOP WITH THE BIBLE QUOTES!!!!
James 2:14-17 What good does it do if someone says he has faith but not works? If someone is naked & hungry, & you say to them, “Depart in peace, be warmed & filled,” but you do not give them what they need, what good is that? Faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
I have faith in God but no faith that you will work for us.  Perhaps you should ask the Russian funded NRA.
I have questions. When did we decide that being armed to protect our freedom from criminal or government tyranny was wrong? Why is wanting lawful citizens to be able to protect other innocent people from people who don’t care about gun laws, now an evil and no longer a moral duty
No one has faith in you. You're on your way out.

“Slaves, obey your earthly masters with fear and trembling, with a sincere heart, as you would Christ,”- Ephesians 6:5 #NoThanksGod #ResistSlavery
Go to church and ask for forgiveness you hypocrite!
Marco, you believe in your wallet and use the religion to gain the votes.  No human that actually believes in the Bible would sell out children lives for $1.05 you are a con artist nothing more.
I will judge your heart by your deeds, not by Bible-thumping.
You will be no one's judge,  ma'am. That is left to the Lord Jesus alone to do. Plus,  consider this: is it not possible that God is using His word to shape this man's heart, to increasingly change him for the better? Encourage those who are trying!!
You are right. But it is also possible/probable that Rubio is like the pharisee who prays loudly on the street corner while he steals from the poor.
So,  bottom line,  you do not know his heart.  Only the Lord knows the heart.
I hear his words and see his deeds. That is all I cango on.
Ma'am, those are very good words from Jesus. You can "go on" the fact that few know and use such words now, and those who are trying to use Jesus' words just may be trying to allow Him to change them. That is cause for prayer and support.
Stop the shot. Throw    Rosenstein out .  Take his power away ..    The bullshit bneeds to stop 16 months. Money wasted    . No  Inpechment  shit.
Why would anyone have faith in you? You are out there badmouthing a tax bill that you signed! #pleaseresign
How will that help a person tht has no health care? Do you mean a erpson needn't be troubled by not having it? god will take care of his health?
And yet you continue to serve your master, the NRA. #NRABloodMoney
I am very troubled by 
Pseudo-Christians and liars.
#VoteThemOut 
#SeparationOfChurchAndState
#NRABloodMoney
#NeverAgain 
#NotScott
#noabortion
Don't get one, then.
I don't get it. Don't get one what? 
Oh. Maybe you are replying to a bot I already blocked.
Yeah..... some guy pushing #noabortion into every conversation.........
No it’s #stopusingabortionasbirthcontrol
Tax cuts. Jesus said when you done things to the least of theses you have done it to me.
Do the demons visit you at night?
Faith in you...are you kidding?
in god yes in john yes in @marcorubio not so much don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out @marcorubio do something good for all of us put a bill together to drain the swamp #TermLimits
Amen and amen;;;;;pass it on
Remember too - the devil can recite scripture for his own purpose.  Behold
Phony
Yes. God gives me happiness and wealth.doesn't he?
I have a Bible. UR  not in  position to b pushing religion down pp's throats. U work for Gov. & Gov is STATE which is separate fm Religion. USA has religious freedom.IF citizen is not Christian, they shouldn't have to listen to you tweet religion. Talk abt  gov.
Eww
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=620311604984900&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.620311604984900%3Atl_objid.620311604984900%3Athrowback_story_fbid.620311604984900%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A-1554615579310183153&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves”

                                   Matthew 7:15
Your heart should be troubled for you have sold your soul to the devil in exchange for money and power! All the scripture in the Bible can't separate you from the stench of Trump!
Shut up Marco that means nothing coming from you!
Amen
“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves”

                                   Matthew 7:15
Just give me/us a reason and NEVER EQUATE YOURSELF WITH GOD!!! Stand up against T Rump and do  not kiss his butt for the things you want him to give YOU, such as, the  GOP Tax Plan giving the "RICH" EVEN MORE MONEY for their own pockets while he cuts the throats of all others!
Marco, I think you might be too good a man for politics.
‘Geez, dude. Enough with the Bible BS. Nobody is buying what you’re selling.’ - Leviticus 17:5
I have no faith in politicians who use God to further their own agenda. Religion should be a matter between you and God, not a public announcement on Twitter.
So confused with Marco tweeting scripture.  
right on Marco - Bless you sir
Marco, does this mean you are going to vote in favor of the secret plan to repeal the ACA? We know you always quote scripture when you are about to do something horrid to people.  

P.S. Quoting scripture doesn’t atone for evil deeds.
Hypocrite much today?
No one has faith in you.
Give back Steve Wynn money, #NRABloodMoney and call out  all #GOP in congress who have acted inapprpriately towards others then you may earn the right to pretend you are worthy to invoke religion references on others.

Your tweeting Bible quotes as atonement lacks the humility of honest prayer.
Shame on you.
Cool story, bro. 
I think that deserves a drink!
Jesus kicked the hypocrites out of the temple. Just sayin
yo Marco.... re: trump
Is this before or after your god spewed more excrement from his facial shithole?
“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves”
GFY, Marco.
And don’t have faith in Rubio Jesus said referring to the Pharisees
Matthew 6:5, Pharisee of Hypocrisy.
Still going to Hell, Marco - no matter how many "verses" you tweet
#FAKECHRISTIAN
I have faith in God. I don't have faith in you.

"If you preach about the poor in today’s Washington, you don’t have a prayer." -@Milbank https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-poor-dont-have-a-prayer-in-todays-washington/2018/04/27/70f52bd8-4a43-11e8-8b5a-3b1697adcc2a_story.html?utm_term=.969e660d5489 …
Your party just fired the priest from congress. Don’t give us this hypocrisy and expect us to believe you are sincere
Quoting the Bible is not going to get you in the @whitehouse, marco. My goodness, man, @speakerryan just fired a Catholic chaplain because he prayed for the poor. You people have got to do better. You're all making fools of yourselves.
"When you pray, you are not to be like the hypocrites; for they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and on the street corners so that they may be seen by men. Truly I say to you, they have their reward in full.
Matthew 6:5
You would be the last one I would believe in. You are full of s#$t
Bro, if Jesus was even real, he would fucking hate you. Much like the rest of America.
You should catch on  when you preach. Nothing you say will save your soul
Do not tweet biblical verses on Social media if you're not living by the rest of its teachings. Still trying to please the elderly conservatives who believe you honestly mean what falls out your mouth.....
Fake Christian!!
YOU LOVE THE NRA $$$
You Vote To Give The RICH More Wile Screwing The Poor & The Middle Class. YOUR NO CHRISTIAN RUBIO!!
Here you go Little Marco
The faithful are particularly susceptible to Russian propaganda because they are indoctrinated to believe they are saved and special for believing nonsense and damned for doubt
Hypocrite.
Confuse them, Lord, and frustrate their plans,  for I see violence and conflict in the city.

Its walls are patrolled day and night against invaders,  but the real danger is wickedness within the city.

Everything is falling apart; Psa 55:9-11
Save some actual lives, support gun control. Forget this useless holier than thou blather...

So you’re ok with being called “Little Marco?”
But you don't have faith in Him; you spit on His Word every day, by claiming abortion is murder: a lie Jerry Falwell invented in 1978, see Episode 14, below. The other proofs in here, are Bible verses showing God says that #LifeBeginsAtBirth
Mario, what's with the constant Bible quotes?  Guilty conscience?
But he shall say, I tell you, I know you not whence ye are; depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity. Luke 13:27
Lil Marco. NRA waterboy.

I heard the rapture is thinking of skipping rubio.
Absolutely not
You know, rather than just blasting out the Gospel every few days, it might be best for you to just, you know, read and comprehend it first, and then apply that to your work in the Senate. Just a thought.

Posting bible passages on twitter won’t rescue you from your personal Hell.
Keep your freakin' religion out of the public space.
QUIT #MarcoRubio: #Republicans just fired the Congressional Chaplain who they found guilty of being #Catholic. 

#Miami #MiamiBeach #Florida #Christian #TampaBay #Orlando @SaintLeoAlumni #BrowardCounty #Tallahassee #Jacksonville #VoteBlue2018 @Pontifex #Jesuits #Jesus
“If a leader listens to falsehood, all his officials will be wicked.”

Acts 20:28

Trump > 2000 lies in his first year.
This is a really weird post by an elected official.  Be careful where your mind goes on ones like these.

#MindControl #Propaganda #BrainWashing #BrainGame

"You are to make curtains of goat hair for a tent over the tabernacle; make 11 of these curtains.”  
Exodus 26:7
Niccolo Machiavelli - There is nothing more important than appearing to be religious

Marco Rubio - I know, right?
When thy country is in trouble, thou shalt not trust the GOP, for they shall be the root of thy woes, put thy faith in the judiciary, for they shall be thy salvation against the corrupt and immoral hypocrites, worshipping a false orange would be demigod..... Justice 5:2018
What does God say about prostrating yourself before a wicked man? What does God say about worshipping donor $$$? What does God say about sacrificing morality for personal gain? What does God say about ignoring the poor? Stop using scripture to pretend you're pious, you're not.
"He will reply, 'Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.' 
-Matthew 25:45

Do not exploit the poor because they are poor and do not crush the needy in court for the Lord will take up their case and exact life for life.

Proverbs 22:22-23
Every time you post a Bible passage people laugh at you.  Not because of your religion or your beliefs, but because of your lack of them.  #blatanthypocrisy  #actionoverwords
The people of Florida have no faith in you. #WorstSenatorEver #ResignRubio
@SpeakerRyan cc: Rev. Patrick Conroy
I imagine your afterlife -  as being burned in hell whilst the bible is read to you in the voices of the dead children from school shootings.
You're a hypocrit. Turn in your Christian card. Your actions prove you're no more a Christian than I am a nazi. I do believe you knoiw right from wrong but if you sell your soul to the devil, he will expect repayment.
“When your heart is filled with hypocrisy, Trump dwellest in your soul and Steve Wynn’s gold dwellest in your pocket.” 
Hypocrites 39:797- @MollyJongFast
Hypocrisy 4:28
God said to Abraham, kill me a son; Abe said god you must be putting me  on.
We have faith in your ability to be bought by the highest bidder.
#FakeChristians
Just who do you think you are? 

I have never encountered a more holier than thou hypocrite as you are.

One thing I do know. You aren’t going to heaven, if there is one. You sold your soul to the devil long ago. You will one day realize and be full of regret.

Remember in The Devil and Tom Walker at the end, before the inevitable, Tom Walker starts carrying a Bible around with him and praying loudly? This made me think of that for some reason.

Do you supportthe firing of the chaplain?
Do you have Messianic delusions?
You disappoint your god daily.
Such a nice sentiment & testiment to the soothing power of faith...unfortunately, it falls apart when slathered in thick, sticky hypocrisy. This is more along the lines of what you and your #BlindFaith voters should expect: free membership in the #WetThudSociety #AfterTheRapture.
Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.
--Matthew 7:21

My favorite fairy tale is. 
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe. She had so many children, she didn't know what to do.
you are such a hypocrite....you disgust me
Jesus slept

Please post this shit in Russian so that all of your supporters may be able to follow along.
You have the American values in your heart. That's why we strongly support you!
Because faith and $5 will get you a cup of coffee.
You. Are. Pathetic.
Only fools have any in you.

Marco Rubio is going to Hell.
His end will be what his actions deserve.
Florida, do the right thing. Vote Rubio out.
Mr. Rubio, you cannot follow Christ and vote the way you have or support the people you have. The GOP agenda is exactly the sort of thing condemned repeatedly in the New Testament. The GOP has pushed God aside to pursue filthy lucre.
Enough with the pious bullshit bible quotes. Let’s see acts. Words mean nothing.
Do not have principles. Have faith in the NRA. And they will donate to
me. Marco 04/28
Little Marco loves blood money and probably dreams of @DLoesch every night. Marco 3500000:$
You've done nothing to earn my faith. So, no.
No faith in congress, tho.
Kiss my A S S

If you're black in America, you've been sent a crystal clear signal: 

ANY ENCOUNTER WITH POLICE, 
NO MATTER WHO YOU ARE,…
Separation of church and state - United States Constitution
For I was hungry and you gave me no food, I was thirsty and you gave me no drink, a stranger and you gave me no welcome, naked and you gave me no clothing, ill and in prison, and you did not care for me.... And these will go off to eternal punishment, Matthew 25:42-43, 46.
Your hypocrisy is unbelievable.

“And the lord sayeth onto Paul Ryan fire the chaplain but not the guy who used 84k of tax payer money to pay off his sexual harassment suit and it was good and Paul Ryan was cemented as the worst human.” 
Book of GOP tricks 2979:27999 https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/989819429361016832 …
Stop it, you sound crazy. Also, I think God might be embarrassed by you too.
BS. Trump 2018
Yup, 2018 will be the end of Trump.
Locote go to your church to practice your belief in freedom
Do u have any original words or thoughts?
I have faith in God, but no faith in Congress. No longer a co-equal branch of Govt. Only puppets on a string being played by a master manipulator.
Any more ideas I can use to defeat this?
Are you compRing yourself to god?
Where’s your moral compass when it comes to Trump’s family and his goon squad? #Russia
Father Rubio - position just opened up for you thanks to shady Ryan “Paul Ryan's firing of Father Conroy should worry us all”
Do you denigrate those who may be trying to improve themselves spiritually,  while helping others in like manner? Let's ENCOURAGE those who are trying to live righteously.  Jesus will make the imperfect perfect, one day.
You need to stop. Satan can quote scriptures. If you want to prove you're a good Christian, give NRA their money back. Otherwise shut it, Marcolito.

You need to   Separate Government and church Stand up for the people do something about trump
Agree, give him raise for doing such a good job
Jesus came as alamb and said he would return as a lion to bring destruction upon the earth and collect the debt from all the sinners (which goes much deeper than blood, flesh and bone)
Stop supporting the gun lobby
.@marcorubio And God said: I got some swamp land in Sodom for ya, Marky Mark. Let your heart, and mind, be troubled. NRA rent boys, and Christian Taliban male supremicists, piss me off. I'm gonna smote you in November.  Joyce: 4:27.
I  hope you're talking about Jesus!!!
This will never help you get into heaven
Jesus is the ONLY way to get into heaven.  And,  once he enters a human heart,  he begins re-shaping it.  One way in which that is manifested is by not being ashamed of Jesus and His words.  Encourage those who are trying!
