If I were a teacher and wore a shirt that said “god doesn’t exist just get over it” you would be pissed. Christians have such ridiculous double standards sometimes.
Marco, I guess we found one that sensitive! Lol
So to be clear you would be ok with with your public school teacher wearing pro atheist shirts to school or for that matter a “hail Satan” shirt?
If someone wears any particular shirt with the intentions of offending another person then that says more about them than the person they’re trying to insult.
You’re missing the point. It’s not about someone being offended. It’s about a public employee promoting a religious message. You can’t say “Pray” is ok and not also allow “Praise allah” or “god is dead” And sorry my atheism offends you. Please pray for me.
Your atheism doesn’t offend me. And no I’m not missing the point. According to ED, LEA and SEA may not prevent religious expression in form of constitutionally protected prayer. Therefore, someone wearing a shirt saying Just Pray is perfectly legal and right!
No, you are. Praying and wearing a shirt that says "Just Pray" are not the same thing and no court would agree with you which is why this person isn't suing.
The same people who are outraged that a teachers is told they can't wear a shirt that says "Just Pray" would also be outraged if a Muslim teacher was allowed to wear a praise Allah shirt while they taught third grade.
Matthew 6:5 “And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full...
1/2
Matthew 6:6 “But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.” 
2/2
You're reaching. and wrong
Perfect verse in this situation. For a Christian, you can't go wrong with scripture.
Love when the GOd haters tell Christians how to behave. I always get a kick out it.
Maybe help me understand what makes you think I’m a “God hater”
Anyone and that seems to include you that thinks that God's word should be silenced, is a God Hater. You are taking that scripture badly out of context. Do some study and get back to me.  Until then I will pray for your soul.
Why do you think I want to silence God’s word?
Separation of church and state? Marco get to know our constitution better. 
there's no such thing
The ppl whose job it is to decide such things, when the rest of us disagree w/each other, have stated (1) there IS such a thing, & (2) our Constitution requires it. 

When you get appointed to SCOTUS, then your opinion to the contrary will have some weight. Til then, it doesn't.
Don't need a law degree just the ability to read to tell you that you are wrong.  People who study such things will tell you that you are wrong and there have been wrong decisions made.
SCOTUS Justices can read. So can I.
SCOTUS Justices have studied these things. So have I.
It doesn't really concern me if peopel tell me that I'm wrong. I will tell them that they are wrong. 
Similarly, the fact that you disagree with SCOTUS doesn't mean it's wrong.
Decisions by the court normally come with a dissenting view. Hardly ever not the case, so not all decisions are by acclamation.
Yes, I know. That supports my point. You said reading & studying the issue will tell me that I'm wrong. I'm pointing out the same will tell you that you're wrong.
How about study hard, get good job, support your kids and use your brain instead of just praying
Have you ever considered that, perhaps, you are the sensitive one? You and you war on religion BS is part of the problem. Do people that don't believe in prayer have to suck it? Or should you?
Maybe U don't understand the concept of separation of church and state.  Let me help. imagine if a teacher wore shirt saying "pray to Allah" or "Allah Akbar" would you be offended? If yes, but not the other,  you not only don't get it, but you are also a hypocrite.
What are you going to do to support this teacher and to stop your Dem buddies in Congress from attack her rights? This attcack is standard Leftist Dems operating procedure.
When you live in the liberal world, that's what happens, Senator.  Your pal Pelosi believes in the same treatment of this teacher.  It will only get worse if she lands as speaker again!!!!!!

They would never, ever do it to an Islamist teacher.
Separation of church and state includes schools you fucking asshole
What if the shirt stated there is no God? Would you be fine with the right to express that faith?
Uh Marco, I agree with you. That unnerves me.
Problem is that the FedGovt & Unions run our schools not the communities or states did when our education system was #1 in the world.
Take FedGovt & Unions out of our schools & return them to the community & state closer to WE THE PEOPLE.
Marco, pray for forgiveness
If prayer works, why did the child in England die when thousands were praying for him?  And why do you use modern medicine, Senator, if prayer works?  Why do you support military spending if prayer works?  Nowhere in the bible does it say "god helps those who help themselves"
Unless it’s school related, a printed t-shirt shouldn’t be included on a teacher’s dress code anyway.
Completely inappropriate attire at school unless it's a dress down day. We had those where I taught on Fridays, but staff wore shirts with school teams and clubs
Exactly! School logo, mascot, etc. Otherwise you could end up with a shirt like this, and how would parents and @marcorubio feel then?
Marco lives at the intersection of Church and State. And he does not obey the stop sign there.
Attacking Religious beliefs is SO Un American! This Country was founded by those seeking #ReligiousFreedom! #InGodWeTrust 
... as well as freedom FROM religion.
Wearing a shirt is not imposing religion on anyone. #InGodWeTrust.  Christianity was here first. Move to another country.
While I agree that this shouldn't be a big deal and we were founded on things like religious freedom, you saying Christianity was here first and to move to another country is not only logically fucking retarded but also factually incorrect.
So much for the Bible belt. The increase in objecting to prayer in school l don't understand.If one wanted to instill good values in their children the Bible would be part of the curriculum,ln my opinion. I do understand separation of church and state but don't agree. God is love
No, you clearly don't understand, or you wouldn't have written this.
Stick to sports and video games.
Oh, bless your heart.
Some Southern states have laws banning sagging pants for being offensive, I wonder why you don't defend those too. We can't be selective on whose right to protect. Chickens come home to roost.
What if the shirt said “prayer doesn’t work”?  How would you feel about her changing it?
Let's ask the principal what actually happened. This does not sound right at all, not in Alabama.
@baldycattle @JaybeeStewee Is this really something that would happen in AL?
This is the first I've heard of this...hmm.
Same here
What's the dress code at that school? At our elementary school the teachers are required to dress professionally. The only writing allowed on shirts is to reflect the school only, on spirit days. Selective outrage?
Would you say the same thing if she was wearing a shirt that said allahu akbar?
Little Marco, the answer is ...because the government is supposed to stay out of religion!
So them you would be fine with a teacher wearing a shirt that said Allahu Akbar.
Mannnn shut up please!!!.... just shut up
Teachers never wore T-shirt’s when I went to school. Of course teaching was a respected profession then and they dressed as professionals, but that was nearly 40 years ago
How about addressing the disparity between boy's and girls' dress codes instead of defending a clear violation of church/state separation?
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE.
Nothing wrong with her PERSONAL beliefs, but it is not for school to advertise. There is a reason why people don't talk about politics and religion at work.
School is kid's work, where they focus on school.
Seriously Marco?  Did you ever learn about separation of church and state?!? Take a refresher class about the Constitution.  The stupidity of our country's leaders is frightening.
What if the teacher is an Atheist? A Mormon? An Evangelical?  A Budist? A Muslim? A Hindu? A believer of Reincarnation or The Big Bang Theory? An Agnostic?  Can I advertise it on my shirt?  Teach or talk about it?
I am a teacher.  It is WRONG to push or preach your faith or religion or your politics on your students.  Period.  You can not wear campaign shirts, buttons, hats, etc.  You can not read or share bible stories to your class, or wear religious shirts.
It’s called separation of church no state. Why is that such a hard concept for you?
Separation of church and state dude. I believe in God(won't say what religion. see what I did here? We all have different reilgious views.)
Separation of church and state? Something our founders strongly believed in?
She's not on the clock to proselytize.
Because. It. Is. A. Public. School. We have decades of rulings that teachers' freedom of expression, INCLUDING RELIGIOUS EXPRESSION, is limited when they represent the state.
I'd say you're not this stupid, but I don't want to lie.
The teacher's shirt doesn't offend me, an agnostic. But my kids shouldn't be indictrinated with her religious beliefs during school. The principal was right. I'm disappointed @marcoruio doesn't see that. #SeparationOfChurchAndState
Disappointed, sure. Surprised? I hope not.
Keep religion out of schools. It’s that simple
Are you that clueless? I am a product of public education & was never comfortable with teachers hawking religion. Go pray all you want. Schools have dress codes for a reason. Espousing prayer? Whos do you think should be there? Wear it all you want outside the classroom.
Because it's offensive
What if the teacher wore a shirt that said "Hail Satan"? I mean, they have a right to express their religion...right?
Crazy new world order...no right to ones faith anymore...
Oh, poor, oppressed, 85% of the population, special little snowflake.
Such terrible prejudice against people of all faiths. Yes, hatred of Christians is very regretfully wide spread, but other faiths also pray.
Religion comes from the home.  What if the teacher was a Muslim?  Or a Buddist?  An Evangelical?  Or a believer in the BIG BANG THEORY?  An Atheist?  Would you want you kids teacher pushing his or her beliefs on your child?
SEPERATION OF CHURCH AND STATE.  Would you mind if she wore a praise Allah shirt?? Get bent.
Perhaps focus on your own state's ludicrous school dress codes.
Employers have a right to enforce a dress code.
Bc separation of church & state. Duh.
Agree .. if she wants to wear a just pray t-shirt then she can work at a Christian school ... my protestant money isn't going to pay the salary of teachers promoting any viewpoints on religion ...  I'll teach my children our religion in a venue outside of public school ....
The fault lies with the religious right who continually pound their piety in everyone’s face and don’t seem to understand that Christianity is only one religion among many. Some humility in their part could fix this.
Well you be in policy making biz get to it quit bellyaching n become man of action.

... and that is very possibly one of  the biggest issues in our supposed advanced society.
Because teachers are not allowed to proselytize in the classroom. Provides equal protection under the law.
Unbelievable
What Hypocrite Does:Dumb is talking about GOD,Faith,Freedom of Expression while supporting a #DictatorMadeInUSA #Honduras that takes away ALL the rights of 9mil people with the help of you,@StateDept,@OEA_oficial ,@realDonaldTrump a dictator that kills imprisons starves 7of9 mil
The minority is controlling the majority senator and it is people like you with the power that can stop this madness
Because it gives the appearance that the teachers and administration by proxy are attempting to lead prayer, which is a violation of separation of church and state. Prayer is allowed in public school, but it cannot be led by staff.
But then again, I would think a sitting us senator would actually understand the law, so you posting this has to be pandering...
There’s nothing in the constitution that says separation of church and state. That’s a misrepresentation
Fair. So you're perfectly fine with your children being inundated with religious stuff from all religions then. Get ready for Islamic shirts extolling the virtues of Mohammed and Allah. Also Satanist stuff praising Satan, Hindu things about krishna, flying spaghetti monster etc.
Why not? That doesn’t bother me. They used to teach (not indoctrinate) about different religions.
I happen to agree that it is good to teach about them. But this isn't a situation where they are teaching about religion. The teacher wore a shirt that is against school policy, and they have to follow those rules.

Government entities cannot appear to promote any one religion.
That’s why the Feds shouldn’t be in the education business. Do you know when and why they started?
Because they had to force governor Wallace to let black children into his schools?

I actually don't know. But then again, I'm just a science teacher.
If her shirt said, "There is no God", then what would you say? If you'd be OK with that, then I respect your opinion.
Is there a "god?" If so, who, what, and where,  is 'god?'
It takes a LOT  of courage for a US senator to speak out against a schoolteacher,all the while ignoring the hateful comments attacking the weakest members of our society that emanate from the President of the United States, Just Crazy.
Where will the insanity stop?  I’m offended by people who have Darwin

Should I tell an employee that a Darwin shirt or sticker on a car might offend so don’t wear it or put it on your car? What’s the difference?
Do you run a public institution?
I work for the state of Florida in a leadership capacity so yes I do. Any questions?
Nope. Separation of church and state is clear.
It is... Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. wearing a t-shirt about prayer is hardly a violation.
Better just to keep things clean. Wear your rigorous stuff outside of work and I'll wear my Darwin outside of work. Not sure why everyone has to push boundaries and claim to be a victim. Just where we are now so guess.
Religious*
Agree with that

https://twitter.com/jamesperloff/status/990583540927655936 …
....countless Syrian Christians have missed church for YEARS due to US-backed jihadists....
I’ll be guest of CIA whistle-blower Susan Lindauer today (Sunday) on her show 11 AM EST. Topic—Syria. As this is her only time slot, I’ll miss church, but countless Syrian Christians have missed church for YEARS due to…
Good for the Principal.
I always prayed before a Test. Damned Ateists. #MAGA
Don't expect u to understand look how dumb u r on gun violence
"Pastor"Rubio..lol..lol
Children were slaughtered in a Florida school and you're outraged about a t-shirt?   You better check yourself you f%#*ing hypocrite
Because, Dumb Ass, the Teacher is a School AUTHORITY FIGURE!  She represents the School, therefore the school allowing her to wear that, constitutes an endorsement of School Prayer!
You might want to reads some part of the US Constitution other than the Second Amendment!
The more people who pray the better off we would be.
Apparently, when she returned with this shirt, she was sent home again:
It's coming  to the point where Christians in the United States are not protected by the constitution.
This is just the typical wedge-issue playbook of the GOP and echoed on Fox.  If they focus on god, guns and gays, the working-class voters will move to the right when their economic concerns are ignored, enabling tax cuts to the rich.
I agree. It is up to parents to teach their children that they are the only one that can solve their problems.
So a Muslim could wear a shirt which has just pray in Urdu and tgat would be ok, right? Hypocrisy!!
Because just praying does not that much- you have to act too.
"Just crazy" is religious fanatics that don't understand the extreme importance of separation of church and state.
And, what if an individual's faith is satanic oriented--Theistic Satanism?  Would you still hold the same position?
I would just have to say no I'm not doing that. Feel like going to court today?
And if she wore a shirt that said “never pray” and they made her take it off, would you tweet about it?
That wouldn’t happen. You never here things like that. 

So, we sould ban all shirts that say "just do it" as well? Makes just as much sense.
Ask Paul Ryan who just fired a priest who was praying for the poor.
If there’s an argument to be made about separation of church & state, the priest shouldn’t’ve been there anyway.
Do everyone a favor, find separation of church and state in the constitution. I won’t hold my breath. “Shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting free speech there of.” That’s it.
This was a Priest who had worked doing the prayer for Congress, Republicans and Democrats alike. He fired him for adding the poor in his prayer. What an asshole! It had nothing to do with separation of church and state. It had everything to to with what he prayed for.
From what I’ve heard in a couple interviews on the POTUS XM station, this Chaplin was getting too involved in politics. His prayers for the poor weren’t innocent. If that’s true, it was justified.
Hypocritical might be the word you’re looking for. Or is it only justified if you’re not a financial backer under the guise of religion?
The interviews I heard were pretty straight forward. He was not a neutral party as he should have been.
Perhaps he wasn’t neutral when he wasn’t on the floor but I heard the sermon (on the floor) & it was pretty balanced, asking for wins for all wealthy & poor.
Best words to wear on your shirt  is ‘just study’ & it might offend our President. Would have preferred you.

I have grandkids who attend school in Alabama, and based on what my daughter told me yesterday, the schools there talk about faith and mention prayer.  Being a military family, they've lived in liberal states, i.e., NY and Hawaii. Alabama is a breath of fresh air.
It's not offensive, it's unconstitutional. When did your team stop pretending to care about that?
Incorrect.   The constitution has no prohibition against prayer.  It has a prohibition against the state advocating and working towards the establishment of a state religion.  Advocating prayer does not designate a GOD or a religion.  GET A GRIP!
This isn't a question on whether or not the Constitution prohibits prayer (it obviously doesn't). Teachers--in their capacity as such--are not to promote the doctrinal beliefs of any religion. Prayer included. Obviously.
...this is for the benefit of all students, not just those that pray. After all, those that pray A) have access to plenty of places that can teach them how to do it, and B) can do it at school whenever they want.
Students who've come to the conclusion that prayer is, say, pointless bullshit have a right to learn from educators they can trust to not push it onto their students by forcing them to see their teachers wear t-shirts promoting it.
Oh so I can wear a Just Worship Satan shirt to school now. Thanks Marco!
I know a teacher who wore a shirt that said “The Qu’ran is a good read”. His close friend and colleague had one that said “Science books are a good read” and they invited their friend who had “The Bible is a good read”... They respected each other, wish I’d take a pic
When you take God out of our lives, our work , school , everything falls down
Bullshit.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=620311604984900&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.620311604984900%3Atl_objid.620311604984900%3Athrowback_story_fbid.620311604984900%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A-1554615579310183153&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Might it illustrate that both sides are biased?
Separation of church and state aside, a teacher should not be promoting such a stupid, pointless behavior to impressionable children...
It's getting out of control. People are perpetually offended

Back to the Roman times ...
Yours should say Just Shoot.
Because they wouldn't let someone that's pagan wear a shirt that said 'light a candle ' or a Muslim with one saying 'hit your prayer mat'
She should of taken it off right then and not replace it and ask if that offends her
I agree Senator. It’s grievous. I believe this sensitivity has more 2 do w/people being confronted w/truth &a decision they don’t want to make, b’cause it involves change in their life. 2 them it’s better to try&shut truth up.
I thought that America was the land that f the free..Praying is good!
Because she is in a work place. Works for the public trust.  She should not be able to foist her religion on innocent children
Praying for her and the school principal!  I love the fact that Trump prays and speaks of God often!!!
He thinks that making efforts endlessly is more important.

And so,Who takes the results in the end?

God? Greedyheads?
Yes that is against the rules. Teachers also have a dress code. Boy I can see who you are playing to. You so count on that Christian vote and that Nazi NRA vote.
Shouldn't have to explain to a Senator that public schools r paid for by all people...even people that do not believe n Prayer. Religion & STATE are separated so that BOTH r protected. Don't need pp pushing their beliefs on students. Keep UR bias to yourselves is the LAW of USA.
Crazy!
I was persecuted because I wore my hat that said, Christ is my boss, on it to the VA Eye Clinic in Ocala, Fl. I contacted congressmen Yoho's office and his aide finally said I instagated the situation by wearing my hat. It took me a year to get a working pair of glasses
When I taught I understood I had limited free speech.
It is compulsory for students to attend school they have no choice so I kept my personal beliefs to myself. What if the teacher expressed on their shirt a tenet of their faith with which Rubio didn't agree?What then? #Resign
I'll bet if it had something from a faith other than Christian it would have been fine. We need to do something about this but I don't know what.
Teacher don't get in trouble for saying negative things about Trump or the country. But if they wear a shirt that says to say " just pray", they are crossing a line. Who exactly draws these lines and why are we letting them shape our children's minds?
It was just pray that you’re never our president
I'M OFFENDED by YOURS, @SenBillNelson , @SenFeinstein TREASON.
Does the date Sept. 25, 2012 ring any bells? How about the SHELL GAME report where ALL of you & OTHERS were informed of +19k Gov bank accounts funding Terrorist? And you ALL BURIED the report of BHO, HRC...Pay 2 Play
American People DIED because of YOUR TREASON of selling weapons to ISIS. You might Want a t-shirt that says PRAY. 
WE THE PEOPLE ARE COMING FOR YOU. Watch the video to jog your memory; Memo to President: SHELL GAME - Terrorist Financing 
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump they are ALL #Traitors to the sovereignty of the United States @sengraham2016 , @SenJohnMcCain and the aboved named Senators, and those named in the SHELL GAME Report. 
#MAGA #GreatAwakening    #Gitmo #MilitaryTribunals #HangThemAllForTreason
Well your darn VP walked out of the stadium couple a couple of black guys took a knee.
Absolutely!
Because in public schools, we should remain secular in order that all persons are enveloped. 

In the same way I don’t want her wearing MAGA or Fuck Trump tees into the classroom. 

She had 16 other hours in the day to wear that.
But the teachers are talking about Trump and how bad our country is. So why is the shirt the line that cannot be crossed. Be consistent if you are going to restrict speech.
No different than sending a female home cause her straps on her tank top are too narrow or her skirt is too short #Dresscodeforeveryone
Although it seems ridiculous at first glance, an agent of the state (which is what a public school teacher is)shouldn’t be wearing a religious shirt.
Rubio your going off the rails, how the F do you think your going to get reelected when constituents realize your nuts?
But  Paul Ryan fired a chaplain because of his liberation theology belief against his tax cuts for the rich. Save your fake outrage little Marco
Separation of church and state. Deal with it
So I assume then by your stance on the right of religious expression... if she was muslim and was wearing an Ala Akbar shirt you would be supporting her right to wear it as well, Right? Please respond.
That’s what happened when a nation rejects Jesus Christ. Remember, it only in this age that Jesus Christ was put outside of the church and was was nicking on the door from outside. REV, 3:20 May God have mercy on this generation.
Senisitive?! Obviously you didn’t watch your orange snowflake’s meltdown on Fox and Friends...you are completely devoid of character and brain matter.
Being a native Alabamaian I can tell you most everything here is upside down....seriously. Regardless of what you hear by media and political we lack so much where education is concerned. Hate this teacher was threatened so over a shirt. We have so much more to worry over!
“Separation of church and state” providing religious liberty to all. Just crazy but not as crazy as allowing 17HS students to be shot and doing nothing about it. “Thou shall not kill”, just Crazy. @marcorubio just an idiot
Oh I don’t know...maybe a little known thing called separation of church and state? 

Yeah that. That’s my response.
YES!!!!
She should've fought back, disallowing teacher tell HER that HER God doesn't fit to be mentioned on her shirt. Then again, Rubio comes from a place where animal sacrificing is written into law by Pam Bondi, and I wouldn't want a decapitated sheep head facing ME on HIS shirt..
Praying isnt necessarily a religious excersise, a spiritual one yes.
No, prayer is an attempt to communicate with your God. It’s totally religious. But not restricted to any one in particular.  I think your confusing it with new age meditation.
WTF do you think prayer is? Other than a meditative practice. At its simplest
Would you support another teacher's right to wear a shirt that said, "Practice atheism?" Very doubtful. Looks like your holier-than-thou charade is being used again.
Why don't you question why your speaker fired a priest for praying for the poor?? Or why you continue to excuse Trump's horrible treatment of minorities? Or.... where your spine went???
Rubio lied- made up a ficticious right.

Teachers do not have the right to promote religion in public school.
 
If the school is run by the government such activity violates the establishment clause. 

Rubio, as a politician you know the process for striking the first amendment.
She should’ve been wearing A          T-shirt with one of your tweets instead -Marco 4:28                    church & state Marco church &state! Look it up!
Cray cray.
Advertizing prayer on a teacher's chest in public school for the promotion religious practice is coercive and clearly disallowed by the Constitution. 

The teachers are not allowed to prosletyze to the students.
People + Environment = Behavior. In an environment where group of people come together to accomplish a task (schools=education, hospitals=healthcare delivery), it is better to be neutral than wearing something that would provoke people and result in unnecessary turbulence.
I am not sure if you know what the conversations in schools and classrooms. This shirt is a subtle viewpoint. They are preaching to our kids about all types of subjects & viewpoints that will always alienate one side of the isle. Why is the shirt the line that is too outrageous?
I can never change the shirt since the sentence is not derogatory!
If you support treason you should be charged with treason. Rubio supports the buffoon who committed treason
Still confused about separation of church and state lil Marco??
She wore it because she knows you get lots of $ from the gun lobby.
I am outraged.
Are you going to replace Father Conroy, Padre Rubio? Now's your chance....

#ÚLTIMAHORA #NoticiasEVTV ¡Aumenta la persecución! El régimen de Nicolás Maduro habría emitido orden de allanamiento a las residencias y oficinas de los 30 magistrados de Tribunal Supremo de Justicia en el exilio @tsj_legitimo. Además ordenó que  bienes y cuentas sean congelados.
Sensitive? You mean like xtian @GOP nutballs that believe that it’s a “war on xtians” to criticize xtians for being white supremacists?
Hey Marco how's the NRA ties to Russia doing? You better start praying!
I would not have changed my shirt.
Me either, not worth it. teacher pay in Alabama is about equal to Starbucks where they would totally let you wear that shirt. LOL.
Why don’t you act like a Senator and start doing stuff that the country needs. Stop with the distractions, we are paying you!!!!
This is what you’re worried about? Lowest common denominator social politics? No wonder why everyone hates you.
Marco, you are SUCH a hypocrite.  Stop trying to defend the Christian Supremacist's push to put religion into public schools again. Y'all keep trying to sell it as the medicine to cure our ills. It is not. You jut want to control through religion.
Would you be okay with a teacher wearing a "Just Pray To Satan" t-shirt?
#EvangelicalHypocrite #TrumpGOPHypocrite
@marcorubio
The principle was right, teachers work for the state, and as such they can not advocate for or against religion while on the job.
If it had said "just pray to allah" I'm sure you would be praising the principal too
Just another reason to get the Feds out of public education. They were doing just fine before and they’ll do better after.
Because her religion and your religion don’t belong in state funded schools, buildings, courts....
And that’s a perfect reason why federal government shouldn’t be in the business of education
I bet that principal has US currency on him, all of which says In God We Trust. I think he should have to get rid of that.
Why? It's not like you have to agree with the words on it in order to use it.
Maybe if it said I love Allah it would be permitted?!?!
No, it would still be a violation of the 1st amendment
Why does someone that doesn't believe in God,  fear any religious public Presentation of God? Fortunately, is our First Amendment right and if you want to wear one that say I don't believe, okay. I won't be offended
It's not the presentations we fear, it's the way people treat us that those presentations endorse.
I understand that but that's your belief you believe in what you believe in the same as me as long as you don't wear a shirt that says I'm the devil hey you cool with me
sad, earnst prayer is the only answer
You can't see how it's offensive (in the context of education) to agnostic-types and/or atheists? Really?!?!!? Just crazy .........................
If it offends anyone it is because they are trying to be offended. Too bad, get over it. Everyone is free to have and express their own opinion.
"Trying to be offended" occurs in the wild about as often as "trying to be eaten".
I wish that were true, but not in today's society.
You can keep saying it, in self-interest - but it doesn't make it any more truthful. Nobody is "trying to be _", for [offended, eaten, hurt, raped, gored, persecuted, terrorized, violated, bored to tears, embarrassed]. Figure out something real to better make your point.
Words and opinions do no equate with physical violence. The victim of physical violence have been forced into that situation by the physical efforts of their attacker. People are not forced to recognize words that are printed on an article of clothing. Words can be easily ignored
One really cannot, actually. One can't not-recognize something they're forced to see. You really have this all wrong. Your "vision" is entirely a fabrication of your brain (see color constancy, blind spot), so the only solution is to ban or conceal. How is "soft power" deployed?
We can probably agree to dislike political correctness, though!
I never complained when my co-workers worn the rainbow tee shirts to school that said equality. Come on!
Sure Marco, jump in and comment on this cheap divisive click bait. Sure it's dumb to take the shirt off but what have you as a US Senator done to stop gun violence or ensure all Americans have health care?
What if the shirt read, "Just pray to Satan, our glorious demonic overlord"?  
Do you truly support freedom of religion, or just freedom of your religion?
Marco worships money & the NRA. Any reference to religion is purely for show.
The government does not allow prayer in school. Also not all students in PUBLIC school pray to a Catholic or Protestant God or Jesus. They may be Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, Agnostic, or Atheist. PUBLIC SCHOOLS exist to teach and not to preach. They are intended to be all inclusive.
In a similar way that teachers shouldn't wear political affiliations in the classroom.  You wouldn't want a teacher supporting one religion over another.
My guess in Alabama that principle may be job shopping
It's not about sensitivity. The teacher's right to express her belief in prayer does not extend to imposing her religious beliefs on children who are under her charge in a state-run public school.
You know what else is crazy???
You taking money from the NRA, refusing to take sensible steps to curb gun violence and denying that global warming is man made is beyond insanity.
HYPOCRITE
Hard to be a teacher in a right to work state. Need a good strong union like California Teachers Association. Right @marcorubio ?
Maybe Marco should have a chat with Paul Ryan about praying......firing a Priest!
That teacher should grow up and dress appropriately for her job teaching all students. If she wants to engage in cult behavior she can do it on her own time. Believers are ridiculous.
I am just going to pray and not study for the test.
Why don't you do something useful like addressing the illegal invasion @ our southern border. Cut the crap & get the senate to cut ALL benefits given to illegals attracting them here. Cut funding to sanctuary cities, nationalize E Verify, fund the damn wall & support POTUS. #MAGA
Yes that shirt should not offend people, however, it being a public school - we have this little clause in our constitution that calls for a separation between church and state  - it’s kinda one of the main creeds of our nation
Still not able to grasp that separation thing Senator?
She can do as she wants when on her time. When at work you must follow the employers rules.  As a teacher personal beliefs should stay at home not enter classroom. Would you be OK with a "there is no God shirt"?
OF COURSE !
What is congress doing to stop this type of nonsense?
Insentive to who?
Here's some food for thought. After every mass shooting christian conservatives send their thoughts and prayers yet there seems to be another mass shooting every week. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results...
When a culture/nation  increasingly rejects God the Common to all grace & protection over that culture /nation begins to lift & its left to itself & evil increases. Food for thought.
Food for thought, you sound like some wart covered oracle from the lord of the rings. Nrraa, evil shall shroud the land, nraaa!
What say you regarding #Father Conroy? Get your own house in order Mr Rubio.
Imagine if it said pray to Allah? How would you feel then?
What if her shirt said Allah Akbar? Would you be okay with that? Of course not. You can't preach religion in a public school. It's called separation of church and state. You can read right?
Everyone should just mind their own business and not let the words and ideas of other people bother them. Who cares what anyone else thinks. Let it go people.
Agree totally!!!! Christians it is time we stand up!
Also, I’d love to see one of the congressional aid wear a shirt that says “Alla akbar” just to see all the Republican Congress people lose their minds! Marco, isn’t there a cut &paste that you have to attend to?
She's a teacher. Would it be ok if a teacher wore a shirt that said 'there is no god"?
touche 

(don't know how to type and "e" with the accent mark)
You hold down the "e" and this pops up. It may only apply if you have a smart phone.
thanks. i don't use the phone as a computer. a phone is for phone calls. there are limits to the invasions of technology i tolerate.
Omgoshhhhh. I knew I'd meet one of you one day  just kidding. My laptop is way to cumbersome for me to carry everywhere.
"one of you?" i'm taking that as a compliment.
Haha. Definitely. I wrongly assumed.
Alabama. ‘Nuff said!
