Stay out Michigan you Bible Thumping hypetcrit.
what does this have to do with Florida. Are you moving to MI or did u take another flight over there just 2 waste $
Today you voted to approve a fundamentalist anti-LGBT bigot to a lifetime judicial appointment.

Thanks for clarifying that you believe LGBTQ Americans, including Vets, should be discriminated against.
Interesting
#NRABloodMoney
John James, you are going to be our conservative man of the hour after your win!!. God bless you and your family!
Just don't drink the water
Hey my Michigan people please #FlipItBlue2018 !
We can do this ....
Too bad he chose the wrong party to affiliate with.  For years I voted GOP, but since Bush, all that used to be at the heart of the GOP has been destroyed.  Now its nothing but radicals, nay-sayers, and do-nothings.  SHOW ME I'M WRONG.

@marcorubio Will he help #FixFlint ?  
Will you and Congress? 
An American city without drinkable water?
@GOP shameful.
Remind me, which party runs Flint?
I can’t wait until your seat is in play.
Rubio is so lucky his seat is safe this year.
A shame since Bill Nelson is in serious jeopardy of losing his.
Is his business experience like Donald Trump’s?
Michigan is in play because Trump's poll numbers is at 40%. Do you think we are stupid?
Hell yeah
Yeah, just no people experience...
But the leader of the GOP our POTUS wants to put a drunk and an inexperienced man at the head of the VA. Vets really don’t matter to him. It’s ALL about how it makes him LOOK.

What about water for Flint?
Oh No!  The guy who endorsed race-baiting Ed Gillespie in Virginia (who LOST) is endorsing you, John?  You’re a goner.
You mean like your daddy trumplestein, little Marco?
your boy trump, his lawyer is pleading the fifth and his doctor is downing a fifth. #VoteTHEMout 
That's kinda funny. Not on your 'side' (its really too bad there are sides instead of positions), but still, kinda funny.
So how did you get in?
Or the gerrymandering that helped trump fake a win.
SENADOR EN VENEZUELA ESPERAMOS A LOS EMPRESARIOS CUANDO CAIGA LA DICTADURA DE MADURO PARA LEVANTAR DE NUEVO A NUESTRO BELLO PAIS..ESPERAMOS LA AYUDA URGENTE. DIOS LO BENDIGA POR SU APOYO
Not even an option. Go count your $$$ from the NRA  and leave our great state alone.
Senator just a reminder if you take I-75 or I-95 South you'll eventually get back to Florida. You know the State you were elected to represent. The one with issues around healthcare & climate change, gun control reform & immigration. You should try it sometime. It's nice here.
.#Veterans have and always will be ready to lead when called upon. It will take the courage and commitment from a warrior like @JohnJamesMI to make MI a beacon of light like it once was!
A #BlueWaveIsComing2018. You should spend more time worrying about your own seat and your association with the @NRA domestic terrorist organization.
Not sure how "in play" MI is, Senator.  Trump feels the need to hang out in MI during the WHC Dinner.
Im so exciting to vote for @JohnJamesMI!! Thank you @marcorubio!! 2 great Conservatives supporting each other #TeamJohnJames #LetsFlyMI
With the money you received from our red enemy’s it sounds like your in http://play.You  should be ashamed
Did trump rip off your cranium and somehow devour your simian- sized cerebral cortex,  or did he start from the back and strip out your spinal column?
Both?
Are you a man?
Were you injected?
Were you bought?
Who are these people? Is this a town hall or campaign event in Michigan? Why exactly are you meeting with people there and not Floridians? Why won’t you meet with us?
You mean the people of Flint Michigan who have had their water poisoned and then just forgotten about? Those people? Those people are pissed off
Flint has been run by Democrats for how long now? And wasn’t Obama’s EPA in charge when the issue became public? Somehow the blame just magically ended up with the Republican governor.
Does he take millions of dollars from the NRA too?  Huh?  What's that Mr. NRA?
Real business as opposed to @POTUS fake illegal business experience?
Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!!!!
Because the rest of you protect Trump. He’s not a Republican.   But you have become Trump.  So sad
Unlike our president with faux business experience. Is that what you meant?
I’m so tired of private business ripping people off. Real business experience can have a negative meaning for many. We need honest government experience! Government does it better.
Florida will be in play soon too.  Get ready.
And Rubio is in play with $3.3M from the NRA!
Go ahead and tell yourself that.
Michigan isn't "in play".
Soon your fans will know you are a coward who didn't protect our country being invaded via brainwashing by Trump, Putin, & his oligarch buddies, who also gave you+@GOP laundered campaign donations.

The #DemWave hits close to home: My friend and former Democratic colleague in the Suffolk County Legislature, Steve Stern, just beat his Republican opponent in a race for a #nyassembly seat on Long Island that’s been in GOP hands for 40 years!     
…
Look what we got with Trumps business experience.  My kids afraid to go to school because of NRA sponsored school shootings and me having to explain to them what a Stormy Daniels is!  Thanks #GOPTraitors
Come on republicans get out to vote!!!

#LetsFlyMI
Populism is a game these days eh?
Yes MI is in play.  We are going to take all 3 branches back from Cult 45.  @ProgressMich
NRA Shill.
#nrawhores
"Business Experience" should discount a person from holding elected office.
Really? And the professional political class has done so well?
http://TeamBeto.com 
