That was beautiful!!  It made me cry towards the end. Eternal rest grant unto #BarbaraBush , oh Lord. And may perpetual light shine upon her. I'm sure she's in heaven now. 
It was a most beautiful and fitting tribute to a grand and beautiful lady.
I cried through the whole service..What a wonderful memorial to a great Lady! God has welcomed her home.
What a wonderful service! #BarbaraBush was a great First Lady. But I'm sure she's in a much better place when she is resting in peace.
What a beautiful Legacy... Love,Strength & Compassion #BarbaraBush
May not have always agreed with policies, but the Bush family had a sense of duty to our nation & they had a decency that Mrs. Bush demanded. So sad to see the @GOP forget all of that & not demand it now.
While your favorite orange marshmallow peep played golf. How low can you all go?
Different from Obama skipping Nancy Reagan’s how? Oh whoops forgot, it’s 2018 and your playing team politics like the rest of the herd. Good work...way to resist....
Hey Little Marco. You probably weren't at the Tennessee Waffle House last night--but you may as well have been. #NRAIsATerroristOrganization
Gfy
Not appropriate.
You know what’s not appropriate? A “man” who doesn’t stand up to that stain in the White House who maligned his wife and father. Not only that but panders to him. Don’t tell me what is and what’s not appropriate.
Sucking attention from someone else's pain when you are not contributing to the pain. You are a great conservative.
You weren’t there.
I been trying to reach you for months as a constituent in Florida. You need to call me. SSA has been stalling me for help for 3 years. SSA own Dr in November 2016 said I disabled and still SSA has not pay the back money. Now in Federal Court in Tampa.
You didna even watch yourself, let’s be honest.
Marco and Richard, neither of you could be a Jeb, but at the same time I wouldn’t vote for him either. God bless his parents. All of you are far removed from them.
Honor Barbara and Jeb by standing up to Trump.
man from a clan who
stands up to fat bullies - oh -
if there could be more

#croMAGAmen
#strumpette
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Did u see the eulogies for kids shot in ur state ?
And go on listen to the children and ban the damn guns!!!!! Do
The Bush family are criminals including that drunk Barbra.
Did he pay you to say that? Or was that pro bono?
QEPD
I pretty much disagree with everything you stand for. For that matter there are few things I’d see eye to eye with when it comes to Jeb Bush.  But yes, what a moving and appropriate eulogy for a remarkable lady.
Not sure that you have the compassion to really see that, being as you actively sabotaged healthcare for all and supported tax plan that cripples economy and benefits the wealthiest. Your participation in sabotaging ACA is well documented and remembered
I believe that we all should keep politics out of the passing of Mrs. Barbara Bush, this is a moment for mourning the passing of a great Woman, first Lady and First Mother!
And now republicans are all like trump. The gop dictatorship that no republican will stand up to, even when it is your job to be a check. Rubio abdicated his job long ago. Don’t be fooled by his tweets
I am truly sorry to hear of your mother's passing.  She was a wonderful woman. My sincere condolences.
I look forward to the "eulogy"they write for you when you lose your seat in the Senate.
Why didn’t the President show up. Oh yeah he was golfing. Imagine If Obama had ever done something so narcissistic and ignorant. Republicans heads would have exploded!
Like skip Mrs. Reagan's funeral? Or Justice Scalia's?
LA SEÑORA BÁRBARA BUSH,UNA GRAN PERSONA!!!!
I think this is the first time I've ever liked one of your posts. You'll get no argument from me here.
are you going to gun us down too Marco
is that the NRAs plan after all
You are disgusting.
RIP, she represented the best of what America is all about.
Marco, you screwed Jeb and the USA over.  He should be president now, not this national nightmare.
@NRA hoe.
RIP Barbara.

but where's @realDonaldTrump 's eulogy for all the children and teachers that were MURDERED in schools all across the country while he was golfing or ranting on twitter.
YESS ........
YOU  GO  SEE............. 
COM TO BEAUTIFUL  FRENTS  NO PROBLEM  ..........
Yes, they all did, watched the entire Service

