我们所受的苦够了！ 让我们一起行动！
全民共振
为自由抗议！ 没有压迫！ 没有奴役！
对习共的残暴说不！！
推倒这墙！
Enough is enough! Let’s act together！
PROTEST FOR FREEDOM! NO OPPRESSION! NO ENSLAVEMENT!
SAY NO TO XI CCP CRUELTY!
ONE MORE DAY & ONE DAY MORE to Tear Down The Wall!
A ver si el ex Maduro también lo endulzan las sanciones y se va bien lejos.
EXACTLY....no rocket science stuff going on there.  Plain and simple!!!
He recently issued a killing order to relatives who have been defeated.
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
No it isn’t. NRA members don’t murder or terrorize people. Unlike the “progressive” left socialist fasvists who physically attack anyone they don’t want to hear.
While we have every reason to be skeptical, dialogue is better than bellicose ranting. Thing is, if it goes well, Trump will take credit - if it goes badly Trump will say that he told us so. But at the moment it is not about Trump or the U. S.
Mister President @realDonaldTrump
Uh we’re not stupid Marco we’ve got your number too. He needs no testing because he’s done. Not because he is willing to de Nuke, it’s the ol’ look this way not that. Look what I’m willing to do but the concessions he’s making do mort address nuclear weapons.
I am not convinced at all by NORKO's dove attempts.  This is a false flag and a Trojan Horse at best.
Are you still a Senator?
WAPO ? Really. That’s your news source, lil Marco. Get real RINO.
Thank you Senator Rubio for everything you do. God bless.
Good observations Senator.. hope you guys will hold on to sanctions and not get fooled..
Support Rick Scott for governor.  It’s time for Bill Nelson to retire!  Remember you are a republican.

PROTECT THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION.

He was given a choice. Do or die per Chinese govt after some radioactive dust got in their AIR after he collapsed his mountain test site! He messed up bad on this! China won’t stand for that and us constantly in their backyard! DT had nothing to do wit this.
Senator glad you have mastered an understanding of what is going on in Korea 'cos you seem to have 0 idea of what is going on in Florida. You have not tweeted once this month about gun control reform, healthcare or climate change. You know things we in Florida are worried about.
Could we get the NRA to host a summit party for them Marco? Please talk to your friends over at the NRA they have a lot of money to help
#VotingYouOut!
Darn, he still got four and a half years left or I’m I wrong? . A long time to continue the destruction of democracy.
Yup...
And Trump deserves zero credit.  Do you pray for Trump?   If not you better.  I hear Mueller has lots on him. Did you do anything wrong in your campaign like take  $$ from Russian? Don't lie. God is watching you.
Hope you do not forget your beliefs (voted for tax reform bill).
Have you asked how the nuclear accident last fall plays into all of this?  Didn't think so.
【Emergency reminder】

The existence of North Korea's hooligans is an insult to all mankind！

How to destroy the enemy's will to war? Is it negotiation? Did the unconditional surrender of Japanese fascists come from negotiations?

Chinese Communist Party is very cunning! 
The existence of North Korea's hooligans is an insult to all mankind! 

The existence of hooligans is never accidental, there is no behind the rogue support, why so arrogant?
Never ever believe dictators!
Viva Trump and the GOP. #MAGA

让美国主流社会看看，中共的红色恐怖已经在侵蚀美国核心价值了  

N. Korea accidentally destroyed its nuclear research facility and had no other cards to play.
OK Debbie Downer, or maybe you’re full of shit,(affectionately) once again.
He.has.something. up. his. sleeve.

Leave North and South to work out many of their problems!
Keep Trump away from them before his idiot mouth gets in the way!
We get it. And President Trump will be ready. President’s turn to play a card.
Caution! But lets see where it goes!
Lesson on what we could have done in Cuba if peace was the real goal, not USA imperialism.
We all know it
I really hope you’re never put in a diplomatic position. Ever.
Don't trust this guy ! Watch out!
That's right be the good little lemming that you are...
One possible ominous prediction I could make so far is that the North Korea born South Korean president might be confronted with huge problem once his compromise strategy on NK fails. So America needs to load backup measures to tackle any emergency. 
That's NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. Sanction STILL APPLY unless Kimmy COMPLETELY DE-NUKE. @POTUS
They are doing what Americans politicians wish they could do
Never ever trust communist countries. More than enough lessons have been learned
Ok good you nailed that now #dosomething
KJU is typically sly! And so is the China communist regime. America must be careful.
This certainly bears watching. Not popping the Champagne just yet. KJU may be playing the long game. I wouldn't trust his pudgy butt half as far as I could throw him.

Rubio ignores floridians tweet after tweet. He doesn’t give a crap about us.
As they whisper "we get Xi with us and we can rule the world!
It’s amazing how you trumpkins are willing to take credit for the works of others. #hypocrites
That's right Senator!
This is a monumental moment in the history of the two Koreans,this has never happened before so it’s true that authentic leaders have to venture in uncharted territories and it’s WORKING.I see Unification in their future.
I forgot how it played out with East and West Germany’s , how the two former leaders got that resolved?
Careful don’t be fooled by this little fatty
You could talk about this at a Town Hall in Hillsborough County.
trump is your president. you all are responsible for his idiocy and corruption
"I have returned from Germany with peace for our time". - British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, September 30, 1938
So we should leave the sanctions in place to urge an internal challenge?  I
Hang tough.
Not what Donnie says Rubio....
Go back to getting your blood money from the NRA
Give him nothing until nukes are gone and we can inspect any time any place.
And you push for regime change. Stay out of other Country's business. Stick to Florida where you belong.
Credit goes to @realDonaldTrump #MyPresident
Finally you say something I agree with. Save the champagne toasts for some meaningful outcomes. Talk is cheap
Stay out of it Markus.  You only support further empire building and American hegemony.
Chances are it's only make believe.
Thank you President Trump!
Monday morning QB. You have 20/20 hindsight.
Sounds like GOP strategy on Russian collusion.  Where are the sanctions in total?
I highly doubt NK is going to de-nuk. You can’t undo crazy with no medical help, same with Trump.
Did you hear Kim’s middle testing site collapsed after 5 tests ?  It’s gone. It exploded. Hummm could this be the reason he’s stopped testing ??! I do believe it is true.  No thanks to the Drumpf.
And had nothing to do with Drumpf.
Or perhaps the Two Koreas see the US Asian policies as in-ept and they are in need of forging a future together? Ever consider that as motive?
SENADOR LOS VENEZOLANOS ESTAMOS ESPERANDO LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA
Translation: #KJU won't destroy his nukes?
You dolts need to stop tooting your own horns.. it always ends badly and you just have another foolish tweet hanging over your head when it does.
A trick.
He’s playing to trump’s weaknesses, like a champ,....STUPIDITY and self gratification! #FridayBriefing
All sanctions to remain until he starts taking away nukes, releases all political prisoners (ones that sre still alive that is).  Then little by little ease the sanctions
And you know your master Trump will be a sucker for this play and fall for it, don't you?
Maybe Kim figured out that trying to sell nukes or weapons on the black market just doesn't pay as well as say, the capitalism of companies like Kia, Hyundai, Saumsung or LG that reside to his south...#MONEYtalksbullshitWALKS
Obama told Trump that North Korea was the biggest security concern for the world and the U.S. We have been at war with them since the 50's ( the hit show Mash was about that war)
Trump potentially saves the world in less than 16 months
Pdte.:
Sen. Rubio:

Sanction relief or fracturing, Mr. Trump, it seems, will do either or both of them. 
#KJU has remained whereas your Cold War sanctions will not.
Oh what reliefs or smell thebut don't get side tracked  vote! Sorry if this irritates ya block but if we don't stand up for 1's slef it's like waiting for 2 trains on same track to ? So please Rt hey tweeter  friend need a hand?RT♡♡ @TeaPainUSA @Keep2020Alive @cher XxAs one
He's getting exactly what he wanted - validation. He's got the attention of the most powerful nations in the world. And he accomplished this by throwing a fit and acting out aggressively. We have validated his actions by rewarding him by acknowledging him.
Kim Jong Un or trump?
Well played. Yes.
#cybersecurite we need a fire wall between U.S &NORTH Korea With freedom comes responsibility that it not be miss used or abuse (social media,news,& information platforms)
You have proven to be quite the statesman.  NOT.
North Korea is not credible. West Korea is even less credible.
"West Korea"?
Whatever it takes. Still with Senator Graham in this one. If he plays President Trump it will be the end of him and his regime.
The existence of North Korea's hooligans is an insult to all mankind! 

The existence of hooligans is never accidental, there is no behind the rogue support, why so arrogant?
That blue wave is going to knock you all off your feet!
It took Tough Talk and Real Sanctions from Trump, to put this Killer to his knees. His a Predecessors couldn’t do it

What about Otto Warmbier's torture & killing ? -Everyone seems to have forgotten that.
Your staff did not provide justice re my car being hit by a USPS driver that fled. Sad I have to absorb the cost for something I did not cause. USAF vet
Agreed this isn’t exactly what it appears to be, let’s see how it follows up and goes
You need to reach a constituent. I left you messages to call me. Numerous messages left to your Orlando staff to call me.
Good to keep him tied up in sanctions as he’s been known to lie!
Dear Marco,my intuition told me that President Trump and the U.S. people have become fooled again.
Nobody is saying it's a done deal. Despite popular opinion, neither Trump nor his advisors are stupid. We'll be watching what really happens.
keep venezuela in focus
A lot of big words for such a small man.
2nd family
Kim is a good actor...we'll see

Baby steps needed!
Oh no, will you not get in trouble with the Idiot in the Oval for saying something that he has not voiced yet.  Wait,  maybe his warning Tweet with be out soon

Can’t wait to vote you out!!!
