We had nearly 30 years of NRO's Neocons. They're warmongering liberals, not conservatives. We just need to complete the task of getting rid of you and we'll be back to real American Conservatism.
Don't discriminate!
Thanks, NRO for giving @marcorubio the rope. Dignity? No. Jobs earn money (not dignity) to support yourself and your loved ones. THAT is what leads to a dignified existence. And his Walmart example reveals just how big of a willfully ignorant fool he really is.
Who’s going to break it to lil Marco that Walmart relies on humongous tax breaks and a depressed minimum wage (thanks, Marco) in order to secure cheap labor. The economic might thus afforded them demolishes local business and contributes to economic disadvantages across the USA.
So wipe your tear, Marco and stop blaming “globalists” for the poor hand YOU and the @GOP continue to deal workers. There’s no dignity in working 60 hours a week just to scrape by. But that’s the idea so-called “conservatives” like Marco shout into this echo chamber.
This is rich, too. (btw c’mon NRO editors...he just describes the free market here. So which is it? Shall we worship the “free market?” Or do we lament the persistent commodification of human beings, the loss of dignity, & the devaluation of our labor? Can’t do it all, Lil Marco.
Thank you ! Awesome piece ! Let's make this happen , I have faith
Jesus was a liberal.
I’d rather gouge my eyes out. You support the worse, most corrupt administration in the history of our country. You are a disgrace! #ResignNow
Is taking bribes from the NRA considered conservatism? Asking for a few million friends?
Marco, sadly u got horribly bullied during the campaign but u fought back....yet now  u kiss the ass of ur bully as he does it to other people.  That shows you lack character and thus your words are meaningless.
If only those principles were based in part on factual information and real data instead of twisted ideology doomed to fail.
Great article! Thank you Senator Rubio
Does that include open borders and amnesty for all?
If so count me out.
Does it involve stabbing everybody in the back on illegal immigration and revealing yourself as a gutless RINO?
"elites out of touch with working Americans". Are you talking about Trump ? The CONservatives in the US today have become Donald Trumps and nothing more.  Marco, you are a fraud. @jonfavs @TVietor08
Let the reprogramming begin in the halls of the Congress and the White House. Neither conservatives nor liberals have thee blueprint to freedom.  Time for congress to once again work for Americians vice parties or ideologies.
This article is quite decent but it unfortunately ignores the core if whats busy happening in the US: the demographic displacement of US citizens by illegal 3rd world aliens. If that happens republicans and civilized discourse will be no more
And where did your ancestors come from? In all probability some so-called “third world country”. People like you apparently don’t realize that we are All immigrants and our ancestors began in Africa.
tax cuts permanent
Amazing how some Republicans love the free market until all the job creators turn out to live in blue cities.
You do have some things right, but your core belief that globalization is what is wrong is I'll minded.  Greed is the problem.
If you cared about the everyday people, you wouldn't be simultaneously taking away health insurance, consumer protections, civil rights protections, limiting voting rights, making impossible limits on meager food stamps, attacking public education, & defunding efficient programs
You know, @marcorubio? Instead of writing BS puff pieces for @NRO, why don't you try DOING YOUR JOB? #PuertoRico #USVirginIslands #FlintWaterCrisis #GunControl #NoNRABloodMoney #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
What are YOU doing to help anyone other than yourself? Bitching and attacking people on the internet doesn't cut it!
Mr. Rubio, hello, you are the brightest student in the math class in the world school. I think the students who can solve the problem best like math class. They appreciate your wisdom. Just like Bach piano music. I'm chasing. you.
Lol
It’s called racist and greedy
Republican talk about diversity of thought & then you bring this to the table
Lol snooze fest
@SpeakerRyan say let me be clear&frank I do not run to 2018 for being delinquent by re-electing to violating Article I section 2,3 update XVII,XXII only the @POTUS & @VP can run for reelect for additional terms & I know what I did fraud & @POTUS oath to remove us & fill vacancies

#Rubio, of all people, knows the #truth of this statement: “Both the people whose votes I sought and whose funds I needed are good Americans. But only one of those two groups thought that it was represented by our government.” And he also knows which side he’s come down on.
Trump beat you to it. Beat you.
Soooo this means you are going to work or continue to lie to the people?
Using the word "freedom" isn't specific. It means many things to different people. It's a word you use to manipulate,  to conjure in one's mind their version of freedom and what would make them themselves feel free. It's not specific to an end goal. No solid ideas here.
And thank you!, Sen. Marco Rubio for being one of the smartest, caring and knowledgeable statesman for this country #MAFGA (Make America Feel Good Again)#MarcoRubio
Once a...always a Hypocrite, silently praising one #DictatorMadeInUSA with #ElectoralFraud on #IllegalElections according to #Honduras Constitution &(by @Almagro_OEA2015).PRASING #CrimesAgnHumanity #PoliticalPrisoners(@ UN) 70%Poverty-45%Extreme (@amnesty) is that in your ESSAY
I’m just here for the Smug take....
Rubio the TREASONOUS Baboon wrote a house bill with the VILE kamla harris these evil domestic enemies criminalized FREE SPEECH...
What you mean, Marco, is you want a christian protestant theocracy where gays and women who have abortions are in prisons.

People who want a secular religion neutral govt outnumber you, and will fight you and your dominionists to the death for it if necessary.
Thanks Sen .Rubio for sharing this good article . @GartrellLinda
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann:Flipped. Manafort: indicted. 13RU+3entities: indicted. Deutsche bnk$ laundering. Jr tower mtg RU.  Kush backchannel. Fb/Cambridge An. Seychelles.  E. Prince. Mayflower hotel. Broidy. M. Cohen. Prague.  trump’s a traitor &laundering mobster!!
Mr Rubio, your ideas are great, one problem is the left has a heavy onslaught against truth, wholesome with new bills even condemning Gods word. So, it isn’t good enough. Join #maga to perpetuate stress against the left. It’s war season not ideas .. #maga #trump2020
That's the American police being unique in shooting ppl?
Anything you wrote must be complete BS your words never match your actions. Just ask these kids.. oh wait you can’t.
Tired of being Schumer's whipping boy?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gang_of_Eight_(immigration) …
*fart noise*
I agree with your sentiments, but all there was were sentiments. Typical political grandstand without concrete steps to change/drain the swamp. I want to like you more than I do today.
I didn’t know this joke was literate.
Since when have you stood for conservatism, you just acquiesce to the powers in place that have no resemblance of conservatism.
maybe they should get a magazine that cares about it to publish an author who knows what it is, instead of this
Adults don't need big idea lectures from the glib but ineffective
Oh hell no. Down with the worthless conservative Christian Right. Overzealous pricks!
Exactly what is it that conservatives are trying to conserve?  Not air, land, water, that's for sure.  Ginni Thomas wants restoration of American values.  Can I bid $ 2.35 for her husband?

‘Hundreds of Black girls are killed every year and nobody knows, nobody pays attention.’ — Everyone needs to hear 11-year-old Naomi Wadler's powerful message about Black women in the U.S. 
@NRA #BlackLivesMatter
This is James Shaw. This is what a hero looks like. He stopped the gunman in the Tennessee… https://www.instagram.com/p/Bh6LH8BgWf5/ 
You had me at Freedom & Founding principles. There are many of us out here  holding the line for Liberty, we need elected officials to do the same.
Why haven’t you addressed the Waffle House shooting?  No thoughts and prayers for the 4 killed with an AR-15?
Nah.  I don’t think so.
If it someone other than a holdover from the #Trump regime, the building of a national American conservatism would make sense. 

Otherwise; more of the same, corruption in high places, govt for sale, garbage in = garbage out.
You mean NRA don't you little Marco the lying hypetcrit.
You have processed the lesson of the last campaign in a thoughtful way.  Great essay.  Now you have to take this message across the country.  Only one party wants to protect freedom...and not everyone in that party would sign on.
Good morning Marco.
Rubio, your conservatism is acceptance of special interest money for their rule agenda while non-representing taxpayers paying your salary and benefits. Need removed!
Great piece! Thank you, Senator
Nope...

Patting yourself on the back is what Republicans do...
We had a "national American conservatism" before your buddy, Donald Trump, destroyed it, Little Marco...
The theocracy that you and others of your ilk desire will never come to fruition. Don't ever mess with my constitutional right to liberty.
Where’s voting to increase the deficit multiple times? You’re no conservative.
Where does National Security Advisor John Bolton fit in this?
And now listen to the children! Ban the damn guns!!!!!!
Senator your words & your actions do not match. You talk about a strong family & yet you vote to remove healthcare from tens of millions of working class families. You talk about we, the people, & yet you don't listen or act on what we want but do take $$ from the NRA. #ashamed
Oh? How exactly did he vote to remove healthcare from millions? Nothing but the fine is gone. It's their choice like it should be. You care about life, rail the NRA, yet no problems with PP spending far more millions. Got it.
I read this in full detail and find nothing but lies, bigotry and hypocrisy. He knows that and his goal is to brainwash ordinary Americans to believe that conservatism is the only road to salvation. Check his voting record, it will prove my point
Too late Little Marco, Amercian conservatism is here and it’s Trump all the way down.
If you are the face of modern American conservatism, the GOP is DOOMED!
I’ll pass.
No. I will read it when you actually stand up for what you might believe. However, once again it's obvious that you could care less about Florida and more about running for president yet again.

Thank you Senator Rubio! A great piece about family, faith and future of conservatism in America! Great read!
Thank you to #nra for financing the lives of my kids while people are getting shot.

To conserve my gun addiction I keep going back to my gun pusher #waynelapierre.
Nope
Well Marco, if only you'd understood all of this in 2015, you could have defeated Trump. There's still time for you though.
Building your conservative empire, one dead child at a time.
You a National American Conservative?  You have sold out to trump for 30 pieces of #NRABloodMoney .  Given our Country to Russia.

Stay out of politics blondie
How do you bring a country together by repeatedly bashing the elites? Epic fail.

Nah. I’d rather watch paint dry.


“Ah, you miserable creatures! You who think that  you are so great! You who judge humanity to be so small! You who wish to  reform everything! Why don't you reform yourselves? That task would be  sufficient enough.”  Bastiat
Yes, isn’t it sad that @POTUS gets zero credit for reaching the lions share of “forgotten” Americans? He gets little help from the @GOP. He’s leading the way, like it or not.
sorry Marco but it is time for you to go you have become part of the swamp you have forgotten why we sent you to Washington #TermLimits . no more time for you
In NRO? a 501c3 tax exempt rag, so won't read it.  "Building a National American Conservatism." that is rich coming from you #GangsterOfEight and Schumer's lapdog.  Conservatives don't lay down with dogs Marco because they get up with fleas.

“I would like 2 thank Amnesty International 4 The Ambassador of Conscience Award.But in truth,this is an award that I share with all of the countless people throughout the world combating the human rights…

You have zero credibility Lil Marco.  You sold your soul to the devul, now live with the consequences.
Damn spell checker... should say @nra...
Wtf would you know about conservatism? you and yours know about corporate welfare, tax cuts for your donors and how to inflame the emotions of the stupid who vote for you.  Conservatives don't add a trillion to the national debt by giving the money to the rich and powerful.
they should be embarrassed to use you as a messenger of any conservative value. you have no conviction to strong to buy. no value that isn't playable to the wishes of the president. no commitment to the rule of law. no respect for our sovereignty. traitor
The problem with this article and your comments is that you don’t live up to any of it. You say you are for families & working wages but do everything possible to undermine families, fight increase in minimum wages, gut funding for families & even kids. You defend trump daily.
Minimum wages don’t help the poor
F.uck off @marcorubio
Trump won the election due to a perfect storm...they didn't want Hilary. Trump will be an easy candidate to defeat in 2020 if he make it that far. When you realize that Trumpism is a career killer, you'll stick you nose up someone elses derriere. Zero integrity! #TheResistance
http://1.you ’re wrong, & you’ve been wrong since day 1 2)nominate a far left SJW & see what happens 3)As long as the economy is in great shape & no major crisis breaks out around 2020 he’ll most likely get re-elected. There’s precedence for this
It was a good read. Didn't agree with everything, but a lot of good advice. Especially about globalisation abroad and tribalism domestically.
Edited by the Koch brothers?
Little Marco, 

Our nation couldn't trust you to build a doghouse, much less a national political movement. Can't stand up to Trump, can't stand up to the NRA. Now trying to hide behind bible tweets and political puff pieces. Your political career is over. 

Sad!
Propaganda on a partisan link much like the NRA.
Did the NRA give you permission to tweet this 1.05?  #FakeChristian #GOPTraitors
American conservatism is dead. Trump, and those without the will to step forward and save it, killed it.

Could be a decade before it’s back.
More Russia
If the National Conservatism plan you relate omits you I will read it. Otherwise it's a fraud. #littleMarco
You are the worst  law maker ever.  Just quit
Senator, How about meeting with your constituents and addressing their needs (which you were elected to do) instead of continuing to run for president?


NEVER.
Good article
Although I voted for you last November, I don’t want to read or hear anything you say, while you turn a blind eye to what’s going on in the White House. Grow some cojones
#WaffleHouseShooting #NRABloodMoney 
Marco. Guilty again.
we don't need this lil marco, go.away.
National American Conservatism means more deregulation of Wall Street to tank the economy and spending all your tax dollars on the military industrial complex to ensure that you dont have adequate health care or education.
Good luck.  Somehow Bernie Sanders managed to become one of the most popular political figures in America.  Why's that?
I wanna say doing the exact opposite.

Hard pass.
