If these quotes that didn’t make the @TheEconomist article sound familiar its b/c I used them again today in my opinion piece. It’s an innovative technique that works every time, “backtracking” from a previous statement by repeating previous statement. https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/05/corporate-tax-cuts-must-help-working-families-marco-rubio/ … 4/4
Just when I thought MAYBE you were showing some courage-then of course you caved.  The taxscam is going for buybacks benefiting those that own stock including foreign investors. Apple just announced massive buyback.  WE KNOW-all Rs care about are donors  #taxscam

35 over  politicians have signed the @noNRAmoney pledge in the past week @marcorubio would you like to be the first Republican to sign?
So you are very pleased with yourself for screwing America’s Working People and families, yeah we heard you...
So to sunmarize: Rubio admits the tax cuts aren’t helping workers the way they were sold to get them passed but he’d vote for them again.
Marco voted for #GOPTaxScam 
Own it #maga making attorneys get attorneys
Stop distracting us with your lies! Now listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Doesn’t make it real!
Rubio piss off Billionaire's Donors!!
Just throwing this out there... If you did actual work and tweeted less, maybe, JUST MAYBE, we would believe you a bit more. But until then you’re a talking head with opposable thumbs getting paid to tweet vs work you’re obviously not doing. Resign. You’ve done enough.
Senator the Economist concluded that you are a disappointment. They went easy on you. You voted to strip healthcare access from 20+million Americans with no plan for a viable healthcare replacement system. That makes you a failure. #ashamed
Tranquilo Sen.Rubio we get it.
Innovative technique says the #imbécil
Dear senator , it's time for US universities and research institutions to stop recruit Chinese students learn science and technology in our country.instead more Taiwanese and Japanese should be encourage to study in USA.
Three inch Marco
It should be about the results from the tax cut.     Yes.   Great for business.   no long term impact for workers.   Bad for defecit.      A handout to buy votes
Marco, you are the last person to talk about techniques. You are a con man and a fraud.

Que Hijueputa Orejon más Mentiroso mejor se hubiera quedado en Cuba, este OREJON de MIERDA
AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA SENADOR LA DICTADURA DE MADURO NOS ESTA MATANDO POCO A POCO ..AYUDA URGENTE SEÑOR PRESIDENTE @realDonaldTrump
When's your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
Qui s’excuse s’accuse (he who excuses himself accuses himself)
I do NOT like Hillary, but I was infuriated when I saw someone who took a clip of what she said and twisted it out of context.

MY war isn’t right vs left. 

It’s GOOD people against ROTTEN, LYING, BIASED, AGENDA-DRIVEN activists—whether civilian, media or gov officials.
You must be one mad son-of-a-gun all the time.The left is all liars.
No one cares....it’s all about Rudy now ..and GOP backing a now proven liar!!!!!!!
Q-Do you know what you believe?
It's called "covering your ass" in case your @GOP minions thought you had come to your senses and told the truth about how they screwed the American people.
ThankYou #SenatorRubio for clarifying what the #Press doesn’t want people to know, that You are on the side of families & people who are struggling! Middle America @marcorubio is on your side!
GOP corruption, lies, obstruction, TaxScam..yes SCAM, taking Russia $$ through NRA, adding trillions to the deficit for our grandchildren, slithering under a rock rather than STANDING up THE most Corrupt Prez in history. And so much more...get out!
Marco Rubio in my opinion sucks.
The press goes for sound bites
Marco, I didn't like what you said about tax cuts.  They are in fact helping many Americans

You GOPers have a hard time with messaging. You made it worse.

Do better.
And go for round 2 in tax cuts.

And budgeting. Do it.
You are high on Drugs, stoped Girl ain’t healthy
thanks for clearing that up
Dude. Rest. You're done.

Are you drunk?
Your a Latino joke marcoito.
You're starting to sound pitiful and panicked like Trump. Hold some town halls and let us listen to you and ask questions in person.
Learn how to thread Marco!

Step away from trump’s ass, and pay attention!
You are incomprehensible
Didn’t I already tell you to shut up?
Is that tax money in that photo or NRA money?

Your president is a liar. You gonna comment on that?
Don't insist, we know you
