Can you stop threatening & attacking China, dude?

We get it. You hate Chinese people & other cultures. Just give it a rest & maybe be a racist quietly?

You're supposed to be a politician & diplomat. Maybe act like one & not like a child?
He doesn’t hate Chinese people, just the CCP government, like all the good Chinese people do.
Except Rubio isn't Chinese, just racist... So I don't see your point
idiot.
Insightful
全部是英文
他是美國人啊，不寫英文難道寫華文啊？
哦唉呀。我在医院上了2天2夜的班，好困
We already have communist/socialists in the United States Senate to worry about, namely Nancy Pellosi and Bernie, Senator.  By the way, we like our tax cuts!
LOL at you calling out how $hitty the GOP tax plan is .. you voted for it ... you own it.  Stop acting like you care about anything more than you and your career.  You will never be President .... never.  No one likes your flip flopping bull$hit.
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @CBS @PressSec the most important thing is that North Korea and China communist RESPECT the universal declaration of the rights of people and reinstate their sovereign constitution for an open and respectable society the nuclear power is sovereign AR-15 freedom
You don't seem too worried about Russia. Could we please have some thoughtful tweets or speeches on the floor of the Senate about how Russia threatens our democracy? Please resign.
BUENOS DIAS SENADOR SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA

what the threats to our country by Russia?
Or how senators are threatened with secret information or reporters and teachers are threatened with jail by our own president.

Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
You're up early trying to be relevant.
Typical Rubio. Let’s just sit around and watch what happens. #NotMyGOP
gun laws not porn laws
just like trump does, push the shiny red button
well-done,MAGA
Marco, That's not a airline problem, it's a international problem. It's not about what the airlines do but what the world does...namely the U.S. & the E.U. both need to be united in their response. What will you do in congress to bring Dems support in line with Repubs on this ?

The communist is trying to rule the world and the first goal is beating USA .

Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Hey, while you’re waiting, how about doing a better job of getting rid of the corrupt Scott Pruitt?

Or, how about protecting the DACA kids?

How about we take the money for that idiotic border wall, and help Puerto Rico get back on its feet?

Lastly, PROTECT MUELLER
Of course the airlines will cave to China's demands.  But they shouldn't.
And turn a blind eye to GOP Senators not responding to threats on OUR Democracy?
They'll knuckle.
Rubio only speaks about other countries, never America. Rubio comes from a communist country and is pushing his agenda here now
Our Congress should respond to the threat of assault weapons in our schools and communities. Give back your @NRA blood money and do something! #NeverAgainMSD
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
Senator we will watch closely to see how you respond to @VP and @POTUS hanging out with the #NRA this week or are you just going to continue to take their money and do their bidding?
YOU REAL .. YOU MAKE ....
they can quit to protest！
NFW! No wall. Not with taxpayer money. Dumb idea.
We should watch closely to see how @marcorubio responds to the threats to our children from murderers with AR-15s and the @NRA.

#NeverAgain
#NRABloodMoney
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization


Want to understand the modern Republican Party: twice this week at a Trump event the crowd booed the very mention of Hispanics. Like literally heckled an entire ethnic affiliation.
The Chinese government has asked Huawei and ZTE to declare bankruptcy. They will rename themselves and continue to deceive the United States. The United States must be vigilant!
共产党是没有底线的流氓
America can not be threatened by any country in the world we are locked and loaded.
I guess the USSS doesn’t believe all @NRA members are “good guys with guns.” #Mr3303355 #NRAWhore #NeverAgain #MarcoMustGo2022 #Spineless

Absolutely. And those opposed to the #Trump administration need to stop the heroification of the PRC. It’s an authoritarian regime through and through.
No worries
Maybe I am mistaken, but arent those American companies? Being threatened by a foreign power? Shouldnt our government be the ones stepping up to defend our interests?!? What did I miss there Senator FeetOfClay?
every American Airline would stop all flights to and from China, for a few weeks and let China know just how much that will hurt them. they're not as powerful as they think they are. it would cost the airlines a few bucks but it would send shivers down China's spine
Dear Marco,only by thoroughly destroying the CCP can the US gain security.
China will eat us alive, @marcorubio and you damn will know it.
God, why didn't any of you have the balls to end this before it began?
This is on YOU.
YOU had the platform.
YOU had the intelligence.
YOU don't have any morals that should have stopped you.

YOU & the others FAILED
President XI is a strong leader and a great guy.

-Donald Trump
China bans films/music of those who disagree with them or meet the Dalai Lama, they are involved in land grabs and now this.
You're such an embarrassment to the state of Florida. You need to resign immediately.
Go home.

Leader of the GOP #MafiaDon
NRA Shill.
