What about Puerto Rico USA?
#PuertoRico doesn't have power again! What have you done to help your fellow citizens?
ESO ES LO QUE TENEMOS EN VENEZUELA. HAMBRE MISERIA MUERTE CORRUCCION NARCOTRAFICO...ESTE GOBIERNO NOS ESTA MATANDO. LOS NIÑOS Y LOS ANCIANOS MUEREN POR DESNUTRICION Y FALTA DE MEDICAMENTOS. Y SI SALIMOS A LAS CALLES A PROTESTAR NOS REPRIMEN LAS FUERZAS ARMADAS. AYUDA URGENTE
Praying for you I can't do much more than that sadly.
Syria
A reminder that @marcorubio continues to overlook the ongoing purge being perpetrated by Honduran dictatorship @JuanOrlandoH #HondurasEnCrisis
#FakeNews. The opposition there are the aggressions, while being in the pockets of Communist Cuba, the same puppeteers controlling Venezuela today.
*aggressors.
The World needs to come together & Stop this Atrocity! ThankYou Senator ... You are truly a Voice for the #Venezuelian people!!  #GetRidOfMaduro
#CanalHumanitarioparaVenezuela #Ayuda
I think we should help.... right after @BernieSanders denounces socialism.  But not until.
Give your economic policies a chance, you’ll catch up.
#VENEZUELA 
ALERTA
Preparan persecusión y allanamiento a diputados que aprobaron enjuiciamiento a Maduro. Vienen con todo.
Lol just reminds me of vuvuzuelas ans makes me want a kazoo cause lol.


Crocodile tears from a senator obssessed w/ pushing crushing economic sanctions that have exacerbated #Venezuela's crisis, constricting food & medical imports, in cynical bid to achieve violent #RegimeChange. Even honest opposition economists like @frrodriguezc reject sanctions …
Reminder the GOP party is a new breed of hateful people you represent .   ie... every troll that responds to my tweet will say something mean.
Yes because calling people hateful and trolls is not mean at all, uh, uh. smh
What's Trump doing to help Puerto Rico, Rubio? NOT MUCH! You support Donald Trump and Puerto Rico is still a humanitarian crisis and they're Americans! Vote out Marco Rubio and the #GOP in 2018 and beyond.
Very sad that this is being ignored just as the events in the early 1960’s in Cuba.
Socialism just happened to run out of CAPITALIST money.
Ojala las sanciones incluyan lo que si les dolerá a enchufados: Su familia..Que los persigan, los desalojen y deporten sin piedad ni DDHH.
SE NECESITA UNA INTERVENCIÓN MILITAR A GRAN ESCALA EN VENEZUELA, ESA ES LA GRAN SOLUCIÓN?
Socialism is shared mIsery-Winston Churchhill
a reminder #Trump lies ATTACKS 1st Amendment separation of powers #DOJ and FBI and USA companies cyberbully and you do nothing
Say it ain’t so ... Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) announced Tuesday that he's hired Michael Needham, the CEO of prominent conservative think tank Heritage Action for America, as his new chief of staff. I really thought you were respectable.
Natural disaster....kind of like Puerto Rico?
Have you told The Colombia to build a wall? That would keep the Venezuelan rapists and murderers (I assume some are good people) out of The Colombia.  #MCGA
BREAKING: The Broadband advisor who was chosen by FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has been arrested on fraud charges.  The corruption within the Trump administration is phenomenal!
Funny Little Marco you care more about the care of Venezuela’s people than you do of your own. Fail. The only disaster in this tweet is you.
Yemen. Syria. Myanamar.
No matter how it's applied, the end result of socialism is always near universal suffering for those not members of Communist party elite.
Norway, Sweden, Denmark, etc. 
all Democratic Socialist countries.  Your statement isn't factual.
They are also predominately WHITE.
Blame it on color!  For the grace of God go I.  God created ALL colors and put us where he wanted us.  Grow up and be thankful for what you are.  Be blessed!
Stereotypes don't come from nowhere.
Look around and what do you see? All folks that look like you, I'll bet.
We were all created in God’s image!  We are all one!
Really? What abt Syria?  U know the refugees the GOP & trump won't let in the US. Go check out your Bible. Jesus said to take the displaced in.  Or the GOP caused separation of 700 children from their parents--100 of whom r 4 and younger. What about that? Phony. #VoteThemAllOut
Yes  It's horrible here in Venezuela 
Marco help us. End this suffer. Use thw marines ando free  Venezuela. Un exchange de give usa a lot of oil cheap prices but  we  need a military  intervención.
#feelthebern

Praying for the people of Venezuela
Why don't you do something about it?
hey @marcorubio does #puertorico have power yet & does #flint have clean water yet????
Take a real long look at socialism and apply it to the goals and aims of democrats and their shills in the press. Scary!!! If you have a half a brain.
Worse than Yemen, Filthy? Or Syria???  No, but nice try with your Mercer propaganda . #russianpuppetregime
Love My Guy!!
Immigrant camps in the USA have significant issues like rape, women’s access to appropriate healthcare, physical abuse, etc. Why are you silent on this issue?
Was he voted in?
And your President is a fraud. #DonTheCon  still taking money from the #NRA ? #NRAisATerroristOrganization
How much r u being
Paid 2 support the 
Arms industry.
Flint MI also a crisis, in your actual country.
That's Socialism at it's finest, and people wonder why half of the country wants Capitalism.
Senator Rubio. Yesterday the Farc Narco-terrorist Santrich sent this letter to the Attorney General of Colombia basically mocking the process and expressing the he will NEVER be extradited!! Your help and all of the DEA's help to put the outmost pressure on the Govt of Colombia!
Well keep them down there build the wall
That's what happends when you read only this kinf of trash. You look so wrong
The rest of America do not care about it because they are "chulos, cabrones, who seat over the bodies of our people!
Why don’t you ever show concern for the country that pays your mortgage?
Can we send any medical people from the military to Columbia?
Sadly these are who Trump fears will bring crime and drugs to us. No compassion.
We can’t fix every world problem, but we CAN educate the world on how any country can flourish by emulating the  US system of Republic, capitalism, and freedom.
Stop dodging the gun issue. Pass the entire #MarchForOurLives  AGENDA today!!
Just go 2 PRico there's more hunger there.
Even better go 2 The
U.S. there's a lot more hunger here.
Not America’s problem Marco
Another vendetta tweet!
Welcome to the Democrat Socialist Utopia that Bernie Sanders and the Lefties want to bring here
Actually, no, that's not at all the type of system we want...
What about Puerto Rico?
What is the answer? This is a horrible situation. God help them and us as we seek ways to make a difference.
Under GOP/trump policies, you’ll be seeing that here in the USA too.

Which is awful...but can we all focus on what’s going on here at home?  Congress wants to be in Syria, Venezuela, Iraq, etc. let’s work on home.
You are a little late. This has been going on for a while and not just in Venezuela. Additionally, this was anticipated as far back as 2 years ago. 

Relief organisations are in place to help, though noticiably absent from your tweet.
The fact is senator @marcorubio people is dying everyday in our country and desperately is leaving their homes creating a migratory problem in the region...we need powerful actions against maduro's regime in order to reestablish democracy in vzla.
It’s way past time to focus on Central and South America!
The inevitable results of socialism.
Why is this being allowed to happen.  Maduro needs to be removed today.
I watch every day as oppressed people struggle with dictatoship, needing the freedoms we so gratefully enjoy. Even as a kid I feme.bed being so thankful for having been born here. Its so hard to even imagine what is happening in our world.
According to you and most of your fellow GOP medical care in your home country is for people who can afford it. Why act compassionate when you’re complicit in the way the poor are treated here when it comes to medical needs?
A reminder that the Trump GOP regime has unleashed a crisis in the world comparable to the worst man-made crisis anywhere today. Absent a natural disaster, the Western Hemisphere has rarely seen this degree of racism, corruption and hate.
A reminder that the United States has unleashed a GUN VIOLENCE disaster on our CHILDREN..............But RUBIO (bought for $3 MILLION),  does NOTHING
This is the Castro’s work of art and gift to the America’s; glad @POTUS will not fall into the same self-serving actions that @BarackObama engaged on. To give legitimacy to Castro and the Cuban regime will go down as one of Obama’s failed legacy policy.
Hard situation. The US can't save all the suffering in the world. We can support private volunteer organizations that are helping like Doctors without Borders, Jesuits, and so on..
Maybe now they will vote in Capitalism rather than Socialism?
Dear Senator, I wish we were more proactive regarding this humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, our country needs to send a clear message to Venezuela and the world, that we won't stand idle and watch how citizens starved, died,  and get stripped of their liberty. We must free them.
#NRAWhore #BloodOnYourHands
Congressional leaders are responsible to protect Americans from all enemies, foreign and domestic. You and the @GOP has failed us with your complicity.
With Puerto Rico as a state most probably it would be in a position already to continue helping our Venezuelan brothers more.
Marco we need you guys down here in Ecuador. Drug suppliers for the gulf cartel have been kidnapping and killing everyday citizens in our cities, these activities were only made possible after 10+ years of socialism and now we’re paying the price. Pls help
U & the CIA need 2 bomb another country
That's been helping it's
Poor.
When the U.S. controlled
Dictatores created a lot
More poverty & death
Socialism NEVER works!!
What about thevSyrians?  We are so concerned we stopped sanctions and allowed 11 refugees in this year?  Your fake compassion is sickening.
And the US’s response is making it better?
The country is run by democrats
Puerto Rican (Americans) still have major issues remaining unresolved. Storm season is coming again. What have you done for them? No seas PUTO!
PR has resources for complete recovery.  Internal forces of mismanagement and corruption have created the morass...
SORRY TO SAY BUT THE WESTERN HEMISPHERE COULD CARE LESS THEY BE STARVING PEOPLE OF COLOR FROM THE TIME THE LAID EYES ON US
The problem in Venezuela is a classic example of Government destroying its people. Wake up America! That was the identical path taken by Barry and his henchmen. No bail out for them! It was suicide by stupidity. Live and learn!
You are part of out man made disaster... let’s start there, get that fixed quickly and we can then also address aid to Puerto Rico, Syria, and Venezuela.

We have the ability... just not the moral fortitude in congress.

That will change #Midterms2018
*our man-made disaster

@Twitter needs an edit button
Like what the GOP is trying to do to the US ? Please resign.
Other than the $1.5 million...how much more LAUNDERED Russian money did you accept Marco? What were the terms of conditions? How often do they "collect"???? Betting it is daily. 
And for the love of God...when are your town halls??
#TuesdayThoughts
Hi my is name Marco. I’m in the halls of power but I don’t stand up for American democracy. I throw shade on other countries hoping you don’t notice how bad the people here are going to suffer. I’ll be out of politics then. Insert bible quote next tweet
Only good Communist is the one 6 feet under.  They destroy everything in their path!
You confuse me Praise Trump (again and again?) continue to highlight Venezuela's struggles and quote the Bible.  How about aid to Puerto Rico
your allowing Trump to ignore American citizens but more importantly Human Beings.
Yemen? Syria?
Speaking of humanitarian crisis...
YOUR GOP Administration has tried to kick millions off healthcare, and just prevented half a million people from signing up for food stamps. You must be dying inside.
Nearly 588,000 people have dropped off the food stamp rolls in just one month 
Puerto Rico
LIBERATE PUERTO RICO!
A deflection from the disaster the GOP is creating in America.
Or a warning of how terrible socialism actually is. Looks more like that to me.
Let's help all around the world kids.
Therevyou go!!! Thanks!
If the @GOP weren’t so anti refugee, or actually gave money to provide humanitarian aid instead of take it away like @realDonaldTrump did, some of these issues wouldn’t be as dire as they are.
#RealityCheck
The United States has a GDP Per Capita 5 times of what Venezuela has.  Why do we have some states in our union that have an infant mortality rate that rivals Venezuela?  Why do YOU consistently vote AGAINST bills that could bring infant mortality down?

https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/pressroom/sosmap/infant_mortality_rates/infant_mortality.htm …
Venezuela was ruined by a socialist dictator. The Venezuelan people let it happen, now they are suffering. A lesson to the world, socialism is communism and if you want something for nothing this is what you get, situations like Venezuela. Venezuela was once a wealthy country.
Help syrian family and kids too equal Humanity help from dangerous. 
If you really can believe in the goodwill of the US, it is time to execute a real armed intervention, capture this whole organization called "Government" that commits the monstrous genocide of the Venezuelans.
And Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands still don’t have power and drinking water. US Citizens should come first Marco.
All the a President's Yes Men are ending up in legal trouble. Your time is coming...BIGLY.
This is so sad.
Is there aid we can give to Colombia to offset costs of immigration?
Tell trump. Maybe he will bomb them
Senator, we have to put the oxygen mask on first, if we are to "save the world."  Two of us in Ocala want to help a lot. But one of them (me) cannot even connect with you.  I SO miss Cliff Stearns. He knew the meaning of "representative republic" and that is the problem with D.C.
Hypetcrit
The USA DESTABILIZES COUNTRIES IT DISAGREES WITH
We, the United States created that situation. Not excusing Maduro for going full dictator but Venezuela's troubles were caused by us. Not some failing of their own creation.
Dude the Venezuelans elected them.
You know perfectly well that it is communism. His parents lived it in their own flesh. Even worse is that a couple of hours met with the "opposition" that is an accomplice of the tragedy. That's the truth.
remember when @SenSanders praised Chaves and Venezuela? That’s what he wants dor America, total government control and, off course, disgrace, famine, death.
Sen. Rubio:

The rarest thing is that the US and its "allies" have not launched strikes to stop Maduro from killing the Venezuelan people. We also have not seen American strikes on Emirati and Saudi targets since these 2 have created, by UN standards, the worst disaster in Yemen.
They also allege that opposition leaders are in the pay of the United States, a country with which Venezuela has had fraught relations in recent years.

send in the bombs!
Why don’t we overthrow Maduro and help Venezuela get their country back on track? Why wait until they start flooding the U.S. border also? Where do you stand Marco?
DUH they elected Maduro, remember? Jimmy Carter oversaw the election.
That without a doubt a rigged election.
Let's worry about Florida first little marco
Wait until the affects of trump's eliminating regulations on food, water, air quality destroy the environment and our health.
  
Y después dicen que NO funcionan los motores de @nicolasmaduro .... exagerados ... la Organización Panamericana de la Salud (OPS) denuncia que Venezuela exportó 44 casos de sarampión a tres países .... 
Not a matter for the USA, let them figure it out. Maybe Cuba will send food? LOL!
So how about the US does a little more than sanctions? how about you do something else to help Venezuelans? what are you all waiting for?
America can’t save the world!  We have hunger and suffering here also!
Not asking to save us just a little help taking them down and we’ll do the rest.. I understand your point but understand mine.. at least in the us you know you’ll have food in your table at the end of the day unlike Venezuela
What about the Trump regime? You've been helping this regime screw Americans for a while now dude.
$1.05
Tell the truth you liar
The globalist New world agenda doesn't care about the people.  They have a depopulation agenda, the world is awakening and we're taking back the Luciferian reign, God is good.
There is no coordinated effort to resolve this crisis. Absent any leadership from anyone, this will continue unabated..... #PlatanoMaduro

45 Americans are in food stamps . Primarily children the elderly and the disabled ....
Marco can you bring my buddy @KalebPrime who loves capitalism out of Venezuela?
Please save me, I just wanna build a future for my brother :(
while I sympathize, I really do, what about all the Americans who desperately need healthcare here, let's talk about that
What do expect from the socialist country of Venezuela.!
We need to take more responsibility for our hemisphere. Move them up ! Put them to work as well.  Make the Americas Great Again
Cmon coward. Do something.
Because the NRA is Rubio's base! I'm the NRA and I vote!

@marcorubio: Think of the trauma you are inflicting. #Impeach45
Yes it is terrible...and the same thing is happening in the USA
Spoken with @VP ?
We need #GunReformNow
We sure do! REPEAL all gun laws!
