The Communist Party of China is the most evil terrorist organization in human history. We must overthrow him.
Not "we" ... YOU, not the USA.
We are all humans
Yes, but the USA has serious problems that take precedence. What you are asking for is war, which I do not want, and cannot afford. The USA cannot fix the whole world.
No, no, no, you misunderstood me. I do not want the war between China and the United States. I just hope that the U.S. government and the U.S. people will realize that the Chinese Communist Party is a terrorist organization that is even more evil than ISIS.
Most of us understand and are concerned. I just don't know how to help because the US Government is bad now. Honestly, we are praying that we do not end up with a dictator.
Relative to China, you live in the United States is equivalent to living in heaven. The United States is still the greatest country.

If you read the famous British writer George Orwell "1984" and "Animal Farm", you know that Chinese people live in hell.

I’ll leave you a homework, start by comparing how many charities around the world are actually religious compared to secular ones.
And? Religious charities tend to be self-serving and a way to launder tax-free monies into their own organisations and to their own leaders.
You do some homework as to the actual %age of funds received that actually go to the subject of the charity. Bet you the avg is <50%
Tend to be? Money launder? Good grief talk about anti religious bias. Come back to me when you audit every religious charity organization and actually have evidence of such pathetic claim.
No more pathetic than people who call themselves Christian and who obviously aren't, who believe in "freedom" of religion, but only if it's their own religion.
Here we go, the cheap appeal to hypocrisy fallacy. You can practice any religion you want as long as is aligned with the judeo Christian framework. You can’t have the Aztecs or Vikings practice human sacrifice and drink human blood in the name of freedom of religion.
Wrong. As far as I'm concerned all organised religions are equally malignant and destructive to society.
WRONG, just from an utilitarian point of view Christianity formed the Western World. Before Christianity Europe was just a land of Barbarians killing each other.
This case is not an exemple but the CCP performs its rule to maintain its evil power. If you know the CCP even forbids people to work together to help the poverty, you will not be surprised for the CCP bans the BIBLE in China. The USA elites must know a key fact:the CCP=deceive.
Fight your own war. The USA has enough to deal with right now.
I see so he can’t express his feelings over a communist party  wonder why Dems don’t like that
A peace world is the biggest issue of the USA national profit. Don't be a frog in a well.
We are in the midst of a civil war. We have huge deficits in our national budget. I have to protect my country first. Then we can help others.
Amen
Communist in name, only. In fact, they are another anti-Communist Democratic Party organization which has gone full on Mercantilist for decades.

Free China!
This guy is over the top with this god stuff.  Become a tv preacher likes jimmy swagart church of god then you can handle snakes too.
Judge not lest he be judged.
Another example of the cruelty....allowing he use of automatic weapons in the USA for killing American citizens
Praying for you, your precious family and staff!
This is cruel and wrong #bloodmoney
So you see Marco as the greater evil?  No surprise
Peace brother
The CCP is a political power that defends the values of deceive, betray, violence, autocratic, hatred, privilege. As the USA is a nation defend Freedom, Constitution, Democracy, Rule of law.
Go fix your own problems. The USA is not able to save the whole world.
Glass Houses Marco, Glass Houses!!!
Maybe if he was following the law he wouldn't be in jail. Black people get shot in this country for asking directions and that's their fault, why aren't Christian's held to the same standard.
That race kool aid must be good. I’m not white and have traveled all over the US. Have been stopped by cops in some occasions and never had any problems, if anything they had been very courteous.
Why were you stopped in the first place........
I think we should be talking about how the American people are being treated by our own government!
What about the intolerance of Christians against LGBTQ, women’s rights, the poor, Muslims, etc etc?
great pussy in China though
@Franklin_Graham
As a powerful Senator, what are you going to do about it?
Why do continue to do business with China?  Is for the $$$$$?
What did you say Mr. NRA?
You aid Al-Qaida in Syria who crucify Christians, decapitate babies, sell girls as sex slaves, by giving them money, weapons and training.
1.殘酷鎮壓。2.封鎖網絡信息和新聞控制，達到欺騙、洗腦人民。3.制造價值觀扭曲的''暴民"，抵抗文明。

「中國共產黨亅是反人類文明政權，中國人民需要解除網絡封鎖，需要美國政府幫助。
Jesus, it be better that you were never born, than to touch one of my little ones!

Take the warning serious!

Jesus came as a lamb, but returns as a Lion and Justice is With Him!

The Day of Vengeance is upon us...
Last days Marco
You obviously have a problem with China. What about Russia and Putin ordering the deaths of anybody that dares to speak against him.  But he helped you win, so your cool.
Hey Rubio - you need to keep your eyes on your own paper. You don’t need to visit China to witness human rights violations, free speech oppressions, and interruptions of basic civil liberties - all at the hands of your beloved @POTUS. DO SOMETHING RUBIO! #floridavotes
This what the bibil said you will be incarcerate because you commit a crime. Your crime was spreading the word of GOD have mercy of the one to put us in jail. But I love God because God is love but be careful because hi can be fire for those who have been struggling ther us.
So sad!
Are you persecuted Senator?
Assault weapons are the biggest example of being cruel and murderous as well as being bought by the NRA! TRAITOR! @AC360 @amjoyshow @cnnbrk @RepAdamSchiff @davidhogg111
How about the NRA???
Another example of our crappy Congress Flint Michigan still has poisoned water
As bad as that sounds, he knew the risks. As opposed to children attending public school. To bad you are still linked with NRA money, which suggests that the right amount of money from china would cause you to back off
Kind of reminds one of some who don't represent their constituents, doesn't it Rubio? Those who want assault weapons banned may face unwanted persecution because of lax legislators.
I don’t want my uterus being held hostage by Christianity, but that doesn’t stop @VP from trying to do so.  Before talking about intolerance, please check out the YouTube videos of when Mike Pence was a Radio Host.  Please stop your nonsense.
You have a nose problem. USA owes China 1 TRILLION DOLLORS! Most of which was part of Bush’s recession and they bailed us out of a deep depression!
.
Wow! Chinese bots! Thought Russia had the corner on that market...
Look here.  There is a woman in Texas who was sentenced for 5 years in March for voting illegally with a provisional ballot.  She told the court that she was not aware of the law, and was never asked by the election judge of her status. Is this justice?
Go to hell marco
Thump that Bible lying little Marco

If two people are not breaking that law, and are not annoying others then was the whole point of Christianity to accept that cruelty is outlawed and that there is sometimes medicine in change, ie, the right to private companionship without fear or pain, and the legal rights
Christianity provides for those who have worked for material security and safety should they wish to part friends and content - it also saves children and in sime cases provides those who need with those who can provide a safe, loving and stable home
There is no way I would have permitted the @V_and_A Dundee to have built my building without enforcing a stop to the practice of anal and advertising a childrens home as open for business - in law, when abuse occurs, you sever that opportunity to lord over the abusive control
And satisfaction that knowledge of haha I got away with it, I still have you, you can’t get away. I know what I did, I can do it again, the abuser should never be able to do that again - the beckhams and Albert of Monaco know what they’ve done - so does obama and elements of
So do fcfm and I don’t want that for anyone - football is supposed to be fun - an escape from hard work - bright light city etc - instead rain hell but no - here we are - new days - thank us
Have been an academic achievement but there was horror instead and don’t blame her because he facts are in words and evidence and that includes pictures of sexual harassment of Stephanie in the street by gottLieb
That child Camille is very obviously being deprived of an education and the small things to keep her occupied and happy - I’ve built them a world of knowledge and wealth but it’s not realised until it’s met - where I fit in in that, ? It’s like he in particular is here but he isn
The knie circus is a mire and it’s finished - hopefully you Louis and your family who have not behaved as your uncle has will gain a better life because that’s what I’ve worked towards for you and me and them
Jesus Christ is worth remembering because he destroyed the evil of cruelty and crucifixion and gave us a lot and our punishment is no birthline - he didn’t marry and have children which is what he also believed in - I don’t believe in forced sex, or encouragement of -
Hey Little Marco! Why don’t you show that you really practice what you preach and go and preach in China?
@CNN @FoxNews @MSNBC @UnivisionMiami @TELEMUNDO52 @nytimes
@marcorubio Chinese communists are the sources of all evils. They are the bankers and financiers of the Russian, North Korean and Iranian regimes. Without the money from the evil Chinese regimes, the other remaining regimes will be much less aggressive.
Marco that his so old news...!!!
So you would deny that man the chance to be blessed as I state in Matthew 5:10?

Also 1 Peter 3:14, 4:16, Luke 6:22.

Nice to see you break away from the OT, Rabbi Rubio. Next time you want to cut welfare you should see what I say about helping those less fortunate. Good stuff.
Proselytizing is illegal in many countries because of the conflicts, strife, and bloodshed it causes. Of course you's use bible quotes out of context to justify your support of such, and your enjoyment of the consequences.
Praying this pastor is released soon

El comunismo quiere acabar con el mundo!
How about talking about cruelty to the children at @IvankaTrump clothing sweatshops.  

Oh yeah you don't care about the lives of children #NRABloodMoney

Marco,  u have a duty to be religiously neutral in representing ALL your constituents. If you want to tout your religious beliefs, do it when we as a country know that they don't influence your lawmaking responsibilities.
And all Gods Children pray fervently for him !

What about #PuertoRico ?
Today, in Florida,  @realDonaldTrump defined the star of the @GOP . They are both trump bitches.
And if you are in America, you will get shot and killed by white supremacists who want to MAGA. 
Eg: Charleston Church & Sutherland Springs Church.
Poor little Marco all worried about persecution for his religious beliefs...but not so much about the persecution of others for theirs.
Only the ones that matter like Christian Jewish and catholic ones the other ones ehhh not really they get a lot of support already from all these liberals and communist
Marco can you also point out that Trump is working with Putin and Russia to make fools of the USA you can see what both Trump and Putin are doing and Trump does what is best for Putin and not America why not tell the truth about that History is not going to be kind to the GOP

what kind of country stops people from having a bible??
The world is surely coming to an end
nobody knows except my boss' father
Christianity promotes freedom and a higher loyalty than communist China wants in their citizens!
"I permit no woman to teach or have authority over men; she is to keep silent." Timothy 2:11
that is not why hillary is not president, otherwise women like Condoleeza Rice, Mia Love of Utah, many other women would have never been granted the positions that they have
That acutually means the FEW very Very Few who use the REAL MESSAGE NOT THE human wackoland STUPID ONE...of IM GOING TO HEAVEN ! Cause I SAY SO! that message is bs CRAP.U NOT GOIN to inner Courts PER CHRIST unless U stop the BS.
An example of intolerance is your anti lgbt, immigrant, age, military you will go away in November
I know you think it is your duty to go to foreign countries and “spread the gospel” .  BUT, did it ever occur to you that they might not want you to do that?  We lived overseas for years, and the first thing we learned: THEIR COUNTRY, THEIR RULES.
this you take a stand on. protecting school kids, not so much
I agree with you China is too tough on the feeble-minded. They should instead send them to the USA. You will take them, right?
Look to your own conduct before you start casting stones at others.
Your obsession with China is crazy.
What is it that we are PAYING for you to do???
Are you trying to be the next Secretary of State, or what?
LOL
Marco, you preacher or you trying to screw the tax payers or both !
Yet politicians like you claiming to be religous put their people at risk with their excessive greed. Always remember the Marco massacre.
Luke 12:15 
And he said to them, “Take care, and be on your guard against all  covetousness, for one's life does not consist in the abundance of his  possessions.” 
So tell us again about all the blood money the @NRA gave you.
This isn't new. Christianity has been illegal in China for a very long time.
thank you Senator!
For … ?
LORD, have mercy on Your people.
Pass the #MarchForOurLives AGENDA today.
how about Russian sanctions or gun reform or cameras mandatory in school or just wait for next shooting. Pray on it and see

I find myself asking what the real truth is, each time a republican puts something like this out there. I've never felt this way before trump, to always have to question and wonder any bit of information.

Forced CCP open the Internet through the Trade War，let poor Chinese people see the real world，Communist die immediately.
Focus on modifying the gun laws in this nation. We will not forget your position MR.

Do you know how many children did not eat today? What Country do you work for? I know the US Government feeds you. Gives you the best heath insurance. Deplorable Florida residents put you there. Will you ever work for anyone in Florida?  SHAME. TOWN HALL?

Live and let live religiously: just keep it to yourself.
Hey, @marcorubio - As long as you're sitting at a table w/ #TraitorTrump, this morning, why don't you ask him about Russia's cruelty and intolerance? How about the U.S. Christian Right's cruelty & intolerance? #SNAP #Medicaid

How about our own country. You know one of our little problems is guns
11 Syrian refugees...that’s all we’ve taken...you get to point the finger at no one...#spineless
Little Marco kissing Donald @ss.  Always being a sucker inútil.   Little Marco you are useless and balless. Grab a pair maric0n!
ALL of Trump’s and #Ivanka products are MADE IN CHINA!!
And yet..you support a dictator who is tearing apart the very fabric of our country (our freedoms and democracy and RULE OF LAW) you will not be forgotten as a #Traitor
Why aren't you doing something about this country....FLINT MI, PUERTO RICO and the VIRGIN ISLANDS, to name a few.
And the pope is ceding his authority to select bishops to this same government.
the pope needs to be x-communicated and i am not even catholic ...
11 Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake.

12 Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.
Matthew 5
So he was jailed for not following the law?
All of the actions by the Chinese and Myanmar govts. And this is what you tweet?  Why?  The other transgressions didn't fit with a cute Bible verse?
Excellent article on the Chinese Pastor being persecuted for his faith and work for Christ
While back at home, we have a traitor in the Oval Office attacking the media, and democracy.
How many AR15's did they use to take him down?

Talk to your constituents about persecution. With your damned guns.
Religion =violence
This is the country we have let walk on the USA. China is a country of tyranny and abuse of it’s people as it always has been. I am thrilled that Trump has begun to stand up to this evil government!
TO CONTINUE TO TAKE NRA BLOOD AFTER THE ENDLESS SLAUGHTER OF OUR CHILDREN IS AS CRUEL & DESPICABLE AS YOU CAN GET! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO LECTURE OTHERS!
Democrats are at a buy one get one free deal
Live righteously
You dont think the pastor was?
Marco Rubio's commentary said religiously, his spell check musta messed up. I would never and nobody should ever put down anyone that is carrying the great commission
Ah I see. Thanks
Dear God please help Marco grow a pair. He speaks about other countries but is such a coward in his own backyard. Yes we know this will take a miracle.
If this were to ever happen I would stop being an atheist and become a believer once again He’s a fraud it will never happen #NRABloodMoney
Interesting. Would you grant him refugee status?  Would you lock him up indefinitely until his case was adjudicated? Actions matter.
We are screwed here
Secure  are  border Build the  wall  stop the flow of drugs and  human trafficking  stop it now
Disgusting regime!!
这是曹三强牧师吗？
@ACLJ says an American pastor(on trial NOW) is facing up to 35yrs imprisonment in Turkey..for sharing the Gospel.
And Trump wants walls not bridges. The pope has something to say about your right wing course:
#Afghanistan 2001 #Venezuela 2002 #Iraq 2003 #Haiti 2004 #Somalia 2007 #Libya 2011 #Syria 2012, #Ukraine 2014 #Yemen 2015.  
Another example of Cruelty and Intolerance you can discuss...backed by #US #Regime change / #softcoup.
Ukraine? Venezuela? Let me get my popcorn, I gotta hear this ...
First they banned all online Bible sells, now this! What do you expect from a Communist country??? #OneGod #OneLove
Stop jamming your religion where it’s not wanted!
It is wanted by the Chinese people but the Chinese government prohibits it,
The majority of Chinese people are Buddhist.
There are Christians there too.
Another bad day in America where  black men have to be worried about being shot for no good reason by racists
It’s sad but it’s reality in these countries
Another example of RUBIO.............Missing a point.   There's INTOLERANCE here in the UNITED STATES.............And  much of it is HIS OWN RELIGIOUS HYPOCRICY.
You know we’re doomed when a guy named Aristotle is not even close to being logical
Look at what many of our supposedly believers in Christ have supported in this country over the last 16 months when it comes to the @realDonaldTrump . Before you tell a sovereign nation to practice religious freedom maybe you should offer some proof deities have ever existed.

Said the man who quotes scripture daily, but gladly takes,money from the IRA, supports a corrupt administration, uses hate and divisiveness in his emails and is happy to watch our democracy fade away.  Jesus is disappointed.
IRA? You must be Jesus right hand
This is wrong and makes you a #traitor and complicit with #TrumpRussiaCollusion #VoteMarcoOut
How about the cruelty and intolerance of the @GOP?  Taking healthcare, ruining the environment, pro-gun violence - all for greed. Your sad tweets trying to divert from the blood on your hands will not help you. We know what you are and the world knows you are complicit to murder.
The leader of your party, whom you consistently enable, has expressed hope that one day the US will have an unelected autocracy. Your concern rings hollow Senator.
As does your criticism, if you cant have any compassion for this pastor due to your hate of Rubio
I have plenty of compassion. And much of it is for the United States under the rule of a criminal *explicitly* aspiring to authoritarian rule like Xi's. Where is Rubio's compassion for American democracy and rule of law?
Sorry you cant separate the two
And yet another conversation with a Republican descends into incoherence.
Your opinion matters to me. I met you years ago as Primerica my company, with the CFA had just released a study on the financial situation of Middle America. I’ve still got the pic (old style, before IPhones!)with you, me and our CEO John Addison. You were so gracious.
Mark Supic
Franklin Graham apparently has special divining powers to have judged Trumps desire to live religiously in Christ.
WRONG, people like Franklin Graham worries about the trampling of religious liberties by retarded seculars like you. Nobody says Trump is an enlightened Christian character, that’s a straw man, some Christian would go with whoever protects their religious freedoms though.
Zzzzzzz.  Worst thing you could think of?  Really?   Worry about the demolition of our Democracy, won’t you?
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Marco lives at the intersection of Church and Faith.
Good place to be. Better than being with corrupt Hillary.
Almost as bad as the RNC’s massive effort to discredit and render void James Comey’s dedication to this country and his years of service.  Let’s right this wrong.  Tell @GOPChairwoman that her smears are wrong for the country.
And an example of your religious hypocrisy;  we sent more bombs and missles into Syria this year than took their refugees.  Stop with your fake religious outrages and tweets when Syrian refugees are turned away.  #Hypocrisy #Hypocrites
Maybe if we actually fix their country they can actually live there
You're experiencing derision.
God and Jesus laugh at you and your blood money.
Do you think you can tell Who is Who in the sense of judging those who want to live religiously in Christ? How about your Dear Leader Trump?
What about that deceitful, lying, corrupted Hilary Clinton. All politicians cannot be trusted
All those who spread superstitious beliefs like the existence of gods should be banned, if not jailed. Humans have invented over 3,000 alleged gods, and you want us to believe yours is the only true one? You have to be very credulous to believe the christian story.
The CCP demolished the church and did not allow any businessmen to sell the Bible. The devout believers were sent to prison for persecution. The Chinese Communist Party is Satan!
Should remind everyone, we still leave in the greatest country on earth. The worst things we go through here seem minor compared to what people in other countries face
Not everyone wants to hear that nonsense.  Wish they did that in the U.S.
The United States is no Match for China 
This is typical Rubio.  Never tell the whole truth.
The US will definitely lose a War with China and Russia #facts
When the Russians and Chinese be ruling the world I’ll tell you a story, you think Americans were bad? Don’t worry you’re about to see.
So what say you about DACA? Why dont we start there....
¡ Mi Señor ! los hijos q t amamos nos hemos sentido perseguido en #China ser Pastor fuí prisionero + NO M RINDO : CB Kiss
Esp .. Señor tú eres INVISIBLE no hija 
Sí m Amas 
Seré VISIBLE 
En tú CORAZÓN 
Es Amarme Sobre todas Las Cosas : CB
I’m not a fan of proselytizing however isn’t that what the communists do by hook or by crook or even worse! So therefore I support his efforts and wish him well! China definitely needs another avenue of expression other than the oppressive communist party of group think!
Well, when you go around the world spreading nonsense, expect repercussions. And since when do you work for China, little Filthy pay to play Marco? Don't you have enough work to do here in the US? Are the Mercers paying you to rep this pastor?
Trust me Mr Marco you don't want any problems with the Chinese
God just told me he's tired of you and is crafting a lightning bolt with your name and a bible quote on it.
stay in your lane, and keep you religious feelings to yourself
#Starbucks
Person in Texas got 5 year's for voting while on parole.
Horrible!
Probably asking for too much, but it would help if you could wake up your peers in congress:  When God is removed, history shows that Evil quickly takes control. Often wonder - where do congressional “thoughts & prayers” actually go now that God is diminished?
News Flash: There is an on-going genocide in Myanmar.

https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/03/12/asia/myanmar-rohingya-un-violence-genocide-intl/index.html&ved=2ahUKEwiL9bKik7_aAhVOON8KHXLSCnUQFjAHegQIAxAB&usg=AOvVaw1UDg1uMIVgVsAcitqtNmYW&ampcf=1 …
Now, do Saudi Arabia and all other Muslim countries.  I'll wait.....
Marco, why do you finish so many of your tweets with a boy's name and some numbers? Are you in some kind of cult?
who is Ruth?  Who is  Esther?
Senator just wanted to say hi from Florida. Wish you were here.
Why don't you just quit the Senate? Become a diplomat or an evangelist. Or join the Peace corps.
Here is The cue - 
#EmperorXi is the LIVING BUDDHA, and communism is the new religion.
Gift shop in Xining, Qinghai. Oil paintings of Chinese leaders:

Xi and Mao $8000 each…
Communist GOP Of America #GOPCorruption
Free Tibet
Another day and the people of Puerto Rico are still suffering in inhumane conditions.  Have you left your position and joined the mission?  #Resign
Yeah he sent a hurricane with his magic stick I guess
Thank you!
His crime was crossing the border illegally. So you call it cruel when China does it but when the US does it, it's a matter of law and order?
The CCP demolished the church and did not allow any businessmen to sell the Bible. The devout believers were sent to prison for persecution. The Chinese Communist Party is Satan!
Old culture....here its more dangerous
You aren’t too worried about America.  When you do all actually work?
Did you watch the Comey interview, Marco?
Tea is suppose to be peace
Jesus is just and wise no man should fear him
Lately I'm getting persecuted for my Christian beliefs more from the MAGA crowd and Trump supporters for believing Trump is a False Prophet that cares nothing about us and is dragging us through the mud
You and Pence on the other hand, I believe try to be good Christians at least
They do this to Buddhist and other religious leaders as well. Any outrage there?
Maybe in Tibet or a country with majority Buddhist. If you’re in a Middle East Muslim majority country I doubt persecution of Buddhists would even be news.
