PEOPLE BELIEVE IN YOUR “LORD” CERTAINLY NOT OUR PRESIDENT & HIS ADMINISTRATION.. THEY ARE “FALSE”,THE LORD IS “REAL”, WAKE UP 
“SEE & HEAR” AND KNOW WHO TO BELIEVE,
PLEASE, DONT BELIEVE IN TRUMP.. TRUMP, IS A PHONY CON MAN.. THINK, THINK, THINK, SEE, SEE, SEE, & HEAR..REALLY HEAR
A con man that most Americans understand
TOO BAD FOR THOSE WHO UNDERSTAND TRUMP ABOVE THE LORD.. IT WILL BE THEIR LOSS..
Well, as we suspected, many allegations about DT have been manufactured by the left in attempt to conspire & frame. Trump’s behavior pales in comparison to the evil & sinister act. of the Dems who despise Christianity & who’s policies directly conflict with biblical principle.
That group NOT MCCABE SHOULD GO TO JAIL.. INVESTIGATE “ NUNES, GOWDY, MCCONNELL, RYAN ETC,  ETC, ETC,,,
AMEN !!!
Wrong!  @DevinNunes is a hero.  You will have no choice but to concede to the fact that the left is corrupt and depraved when this all unfolds:).
Seek medical help for that mental illness.
HEY GIRL FOLLOW UR OWN ADVISE, YOU SHOULD BE SEEKING
MENTAL HEALTH PROGRAMS.. YOU NEED IT FOR SURE.. KEEP TALKING, U PUT THE PROFF IN THE PUDDING THAT YOU NEED HELP MENTALLY..
One great American
You should look in that book you keep quoting for your spine.
Thank God Christians don't stage riots, suicide bombings and beheadings when antiChristians put out sacreligous cartoons and disrespect our faith. BTW why say "evangelical"? It is just another term for Christian. Just say it CHRISTIAN!!
Islamist - Muslim
Evangelical - Christian
Republican - GOP
Satanist - Wiccan

See, there is a difference.
When you choose guns over people, you choose Satan. No amount of these bible quotes changes that salient fact. You’re pissing in the wind.
WHY DID U TWEET THIS PSALM..????ARE U MIMICKING...???WHAT MESSAGE ARE U TRYING TO SEND..???? IT IS A WONDERFUL PSALM.. I LOVE IT..BUT IF U IN ANY WAY ARE REFERRING IT TO REPRESENT U & UR REPUBLICAN PARTY & 
PRESIDENT  IT DOES’NT FIT THIS PSALM AT ALL.. U PEOPLE ARE ALL DERANGED
Aren't u getting tired of biblical quotes yet? U have nothing to add to the narrative. Be quiet little man.
True Christians don’t get tired of bible quotes 
They do when the person using them does it for his own selfish needs. Rubio has no clue what they really mean. He just desires to be heard even though he has nothing really worthwhile to say.
Are you a resident of Florida? Rubio is a decent man. Not sure where you’re coming from. But whatever!
#FakeChristians
Fake hurts politicians and the media ,sounds like liberalism is a mental disorder
Hypocrites giving Christianity a bad name.
Help POTUS fight corrupt ddep state and corruption...This is the People's Whitehouse...
¡Amen!
Stop mass shootings!!! Ban Ar15s
Why? I am an honest responsible adult. 2 fed security clearances, former Sheriff Dept member. Why should I be unable to own one when gangs are well supplied fm guns coming across border? Think a ban will deter their supply? How?
@Twitter you’re gonna keep getting tweets until you disable @marcorubio account. This dangerous clown needs to stop with the Bible verses he doesn’t even believe.
Alert---Freedom if speech and freedom of religion.  You don't have to believe in God. But don't even try to usurp @marcorubio or my right to exercise our right to verbize our faith! "Go teach the nations, baptize them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. Mt 28:19-20
you talk like my slightly crazy aunt. she goes on month-long retreats that ban watches. she rocks back & forth, murmuring prayers for interminable lengths. 

this is all fine. but she’s not a Senator, a public office, in a country that clearly separates church & state.
So what does your auntie have to do with the price of tea in China freak
my point is that people who hold public office, especially at the level of Senator, should respect this country’s core principles. in this case: separation of church and state.
I understand what you're saying I agree to a point don't you think the people meaning the Democrats a lot of them anyways has taken God right out of the picture this is a Christian country Obama said it wasn't he was wrong it was founded and Judea Christianity
i appreciate your response. although many Founding Fathers were Christian, America itself was not founded as a Christian nation. if it were, the First Amendment would not explicitly endorse freedom of religion.
Back then freedom of religion map that the government could not tell you where you could worship if you could worship Christianity was the only religion other than the American Indians back then
what i'm saying is: it doesn't matter what religion the Founding Fathers practiced. they explicitly created a government to be free of any religious influence. "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."
so it doesn't matter if John Hancock was Protestant, Catholic, a deist or a Muslim; all the Founders had enough foresight to agree religion has no place in government. that's how they wrote it. it's literally the first line of the first amendment.
Please remove the word “God” from your vocabulary, if you support anything about your president then you’re nasty.
$3.3 Millions from the NRA is BLOOD millions .and I'm not a democrat
Actually. The actual blood money is the money that the Govt employees. Moved. In their TSP Govt retirement funds just prior to 9/11.  To safe funds.      Let that sink in. Can you say sting operation ?
Senator Rubio, I always look forward to seeing what scripture you will tweet. You are truly a man of faith


Marco, please stop quoting scripture. You sir is as bad as Trump. To see all the wrong doing and say nothing. You is as guilty as Trump. Looking the other way.

omg....you act like you have been branded with TRUMP on your body for the rest of your life.
PRAISE YE THE LORD GOD ALMIGHTY! AND HIS AMAZING POWERFUL HOLY SON JESUS HOLY CHRIST! AMENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!
Your voters have a list of things important to them. Have you spent any time addressing them or is quoting bible verses all you can manage after the exhausting work of kissing 45’s behind? November cometh, say the voters.
Phony.
Interpreting Rubios secret code:
Praise the NRA, all you nations! Extol them, all you peoples! Their money for us is strong; the faithfulness of the NRA is forever. Hallelujah! Parkland 2:14
#BlueWave2018 #TheResistance #EnoughIsEnough #NeverAgain #FBR #Soldarity
But I bet he didn’t move his retirement fund money to a secure fund prior to 9/11. So there’s that

#SaveAlfieEvans
What the fruck are you even talking about??
Praise...
Oh for God's sake (pun not intended) is that you again? Think the Evangelicals will send you money like the NRA does?
Stop using the term "evangelical"!!  We are CHRISTIANS.  Are you afraid to say it?  Evangelizing, or teaching God's mercy and grace through faith as charged to do. We rarely use the term why does the left feel the need Just afraid to say Christian? Baptist, Methodist, etc.?
Is your boy godly Marco?
So hypocritical! Throwing around Bible verses that you don't believe in and then, treating people like garbage, lying, cheating, and not standing up for Children being  Gunned down.  The Republicans have become a joke world wide 
Do you want disaster out of schools? Put God back in! Let all the nations praise the Lord
Do you actually have your own words now or are you just a Wikipedia for bible verses?

We will remember you next time we vote. Get out of here.
What is wrong with you?
But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you. Matt 5:44.  Sometimes it is difficult to love your enemies. We just have to pray for them.
The Lord doesn't like you. If I were you I'd ask for that mercy and change your ways.
I don't think people give @marcorubio enough credit for being steadfast in posting great scriptures to his followers. A Godly man is a good leader.  Thank you for your scriptures!
The faithfulness in Robert Mueller is strong!! Pass the damn bill to protect him #ComplicitGOP
If we do so. And he does not bring justice to the Govt employees who moved their tsp retirement funds to a safe fund just prior to 9/11. We want the ability to fire him so @jeffsessions will do so. - method to the drain.   Drain the damn swamp
Once again you aren’t listening to your constituents. There is no hope for you so you must end this career in politics. We demand that our representatives start representing US! You continue to shut out any who are not Christians.We’re done and so are you.

#moron #legislatedontpreach
Ezekiel 23:20
You post this in hopes to save your black soul. It will not help you
I'm sure! Its a good thing I have my brother's Crocs. He's in Australia now.
Fake Christian. This man worships money. He would take campaign money from Satan. He sold his soul cheap.
Marco:  The Lord told me to tell you to stop shilling for the Evangelical vote and do something about the high school kids in your state who are being slaughter by assault weapons that any psycho in Florida can buy.
enough with the bible phrases.
#NRAWHORE
Do u think using god will get u RE elected I don't think so
FFS 

1 Corinthians 10:13
No temptation has overtaken you that is not human; but God is faithful, who will not let you be tempted beyond what you can resist, but will also give with the temptation the way out, so that you can endure.
Our father who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy name Thy kingdom come thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil Amen
Amen! God bless America!
Are you becoming a preacher?
Praise the LORD,美國有盧比歐議員!加油
I’m proud of Rubio @ least he is open and not a closet Christian , infidels don’t understand and agnostics are bitter- sad
Jesus was gay..
Mary had sex with someone she hated
Grow up

Suck a dick

Are you uttering these words from the same mouth that kisses the NRA's asses?

What happened to separation of church and state?
Well
The truth is coming out. ALL of it! Enjoy the show. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump #GreatAwakening
what did you do now? #justwondering
@Pontifex
New data shows the Trump administration has separated more than 700 children from their parents since October, including more than 100 children under the age of 4.…
How come you tweet on the days when students walkout protesting gun violence? Trying to distract? Not working.


You’re a fraud.
Dios te bendiga Marco!!
Su fidelidad es para SIEMPRE. Amen. Keep fighting for us in the senate.
Lmao
Amen
The Lord giveth and the Lord
Taketh way
guapo gracias  por saber tanto de Venezuela ;)
Sad that militant Hollywood activists are against guns yet produce violent movies that promote gun use and pro family conservatives are against sensible gun control laws.
Are you really a Christian? You’re a joke
After all of your lies, I would figure that you would be fearful to dare to use the name of the Lord. You worship money and power. God is not fooled as easily as your supporters, be assured.
The lord does not like   #NRAIsATerroristOrganization
I wish all these bible verses were coming from somebody who was not such a hypocrite.
Are you part of a Cult ? Do you Holy Roll ? Speak in unknown tongues ? Heck some Thumpers even believe there is an ET connection to the Bible ? R U a Roswell Roller ? I can believe Pence is dangerously sincere but U ?
You're gonna need some mercy when the investigation gets around to you.
https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5ada572ce4b00a1849cf477d …
F China and you too
Town. Hall. Now.
Oh go drink some formaldehyde and dance with a snake.
Praise GOD...and impeach the Godless traitor Donald Trump. 
Warmly, a fellow evangelical
FU
Satan knew the bible

Amen!

Thou shalt read scripture and take money from the nra. Marco 4:20
Not again.
You keep quoting the Bible but support NRA. You are losing your career to the NRA.
Matthew 6:1
I am retired. Your next campaign I have nothing better to do than come out there use all my skills to campaign against you.

#VetAgainstRubio
Para siempre es su misericordia.
Oye- why don’t you save your lord malarkey for Bird Road.
#Judas #bloodmoney #ParklandSchoolShooting #NeverAgain #WeCallBS and a child shall lead them




Great verse from my favorite Senator !
R u kidding ? Hypocrisy  at its max
Indeed someone may say, “You have faith and I have works.” Demonstrate your faith to me without works, and I will demonstrate my faith to you from my work
and one of you says to them, “Go in peace, keep warm, and eat well,” but you do not give them the necessities of the body, what good is it?
So also faith of itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
James 2:14-18What good is it, my brothers, if someone says he has faith but does not have works? Can that faith save him?
If a brother or sister has nothing to wear and has no food for the day,
Really?  You want us to think you are Christian???


Revelation 13:3 “And I saw one of his heads as if it had been mortally wounded, and his deadly wound was healed. And all the world marveled and followed the beast.”
https://www.thedailybeast.com/ivanka-reveals-the-truth-about-trumps-hairand-mocks-it-too …

“I saw one of his heads as if it had been mortally wounded & his deadly wound was healed. & all the world marveled and followed the beast.” 
Thank you!

When the wild beast rose from the sea, the seer saw the deadly wound on the head: the wound was really unto death; the beast which had waged war against the true kingdom of righteousness and faith has received his death-blow. -Revelation 13:3
…
You have a tiny wiener

You maybe should start practicing what you preach . Your votes are not supporting your religion but advancing your political agenda. How much do you receive from the NRA and whats you're score. A+?
The poor don't need universal health care. Did he just quote the bible please read what that book says about charity
"You want me to do what?" The book of Stormy 4:20
Amen! And thank you Senator. Jesus said, you will be persecuted in this world for my name's sake.  Your bible tweets bring out the Christophobes and antichrists. It's clear they don't know Christ and His teachings.  Prayers for them that they come to know Him and His love.
Amen!
Get a grip.
For Christ sake, STOP, STOP, STOP!!!!! WxWax
Hallelujah, praise the Lord of lords! He is my King and eternal Father
What is wrong with you?
You really are full of s***
#SOSNicaragua, Senator!
Hypocrite
Calm down, brownie hound.
Again I say, Mr. Rubio, you are mad.
分享，謝謝你
Could you plz post more informational posts re: what will help our President and country, like #TedCruz does? We can all read scripture on our own, thank you.

You should be a preacher.  When do you start living these values?

The healing of a man who had been blind of birth,a miracle performed by Jesus ,and their subsequent dealings with the Pharisees Hallelujah ! John 9

Is it Republican sucking up to their electoral base Day again? Geez
Amen
Pastor rube is back!
If you praise the Lord, then perhaps you should follow in his pathway. Say NO to easy access to guns and assault weapons. Say NO to war. Say YES to normalizing relations with Cuba to help the poor. The leaders do well anyway.
Amen!

Sure, that'll help.
Keep your goddamn church out of government.
Is there no depth you will not plumb?

You are disgusting and weak.
Hey Marco, you know the tweet from the other day about searching for truth, you may want to search it out before you declare publicly about people's service in the gulf war, when they were never deployed.  As a senator you should know better.

Thank you Mr Senator, the scripture you share is always a blessing. A verse that applies is Isaiah 55:11. Maybe some of those on this string will look that verse up.
Child milestone
I’m insulted every time u put this bullshit up. I’m Jewish
Happy 420
GraciReyDeDios
Amen!
Praise the infinite torturer devil mass murderer devil who is the LORD. His mercy is so great that he infinitely tortures billions in the hell he created for them. Faithfulness is just plain old blind prejudice. It is good that the LORD is JUST A MADE UP FICTIONAL CHARACTER.
Literal gif of Marco Rubio on judgement day. #FakeChristians #Hypocrite
I like your message Marco praise the Lord
Praise the LORD, all you nations!  That's a command, not a suggestion!  Praise the one and only God!
You are so right Cynthia God's blessings are with you
Shove it #phony
Nut. Job.
LOL  PLEASE RESIGN!
Anyone with the name of beesbud should be ashamed of themselves and just stop tweeting wow morons
With all due respect, sir. You would benefit from an English class or two. Or three.
It might have something to do with head injuries trying to keep your ass safe people these days. But you're right. It wouldn't hurt me to go back to school. But at least I'm not an ass because I have no comeback that makes sense
You’re figuratively throwing stones at someone you don’t even know. Very hypocritical. We are all entitled to our own opinions. It’s what makes America America. Kindly fuck off, Bob.
Wow you can really tell a Democrat when you talk to him they're mad at the world their language shows their IQ and opinions are like assholes everybody's got one and no one's throwing stones but there was a time when a person wouldn't dare say two things that you do to a senator
And you're more than welcome to put your money where your mouth is if you feel that you can make me go at 5 then feel free but until then really!! Stop acting like a little baby.
OMG!!! Can u really do anything else? Do u know anything else? it’s guys like who turn people off to church- useless, lying, totally inconsiderate!
Apparently he is NOT helping with the problem. So, get off your ass and do something other than Google Bible quotes to tweet out!
I have to say Barbara I thought that was funny what you posted I just don't understand what it means LOL
Barbara he is legislating for the one that counts that's God you just don't get any higher than God.
Perhaps so we should give him a chance to show that. But the words he speaking are God's words out of his own he's just repeating them maybe it is because of all the things that has recently happened down in Florida I just pray that these type of things stop happening
Leave the Senate and become a preacher full time!
@wileygaby wtf with this guy?
Come on be nice we're all Americans
Enjoying your NRA money today?
#SOSVenezuela CUANDO ACCIONAN CONTRABESTOS DELINCUENTES DEL NARCOREGIMEN Q ESTAN EN EL PODER EN VZLA? #SOSVenezuela
It’s not too late to join the seminary. You’re obviously not doing your job as a politician. When is your town hall?
What was it that you wanted him to do for you besides make everything free like all the Democrats want
What a bullshit artist
Amen
Republicans: “...they lack understanding and character. They are simple-minded, covenant-breaking, heartless, and unmerciful; they are not to be trusted.Despite the fact that they are fully aware [of] God’s law...And worse,they applaud others on this destructive path.”Romans 1:31
You worship a glory hole.
@marcorubio Jesus preached non violence. Please don’t quote him.
Another Florida school shooting. Praise and thanks to the Lord that no one was killed this time. It will be a Hallelujah day for Floridians when you are no longer in office.
Thump that Bible for votes little. Marco hypetcrit
AMEN
Keep your Religion to yourself where it belongs!
Shut up, marco.
Practice what you preack and stand up to this immoral president, little marco.
Amen!!!
1.05
Sosvenezuela
Your politician Jesus will not have Mercy on you ! You try to control people with laws and regulations! When the Bible says the only law is God’s Law !
Maybe you ought to read it before you tell people what it says
