Wow.  That’s truly breaking news there, @marcorubio. 
The CIA and DEA do the same shit.
Sleepy Wilbur is probably involved

No way! That is mind blowing! Glad we are paying for your trip and you are learning about the way the world works. I figured you knew all about bad actors and corrupt practices, but I understand some people learn slower than others.
the man!
You sure they weren't watching the TV program Gold Rush, where the new group of Americans had filmed about finding gold in Guyana? If it was a couple years ago, that would've been the Hoffmans, as they went to Guyana for gold. The people filmed now, though, are a LOT more honest.
Like Russians use Trump Laundry. @realDonaldTrump
Shouldn't the president's daughter/wife be handling these meetings?  If he can't sleep with her, trump at least wants her to be able to play a big girl, in charge of stuff.
So, let me guess, you want to make a case for US intervention in Latin America so you can get your hands on some Gold money right?
Sort of like the @NRA paying politicians to launder their agendas?
And Russian oligarchs use trump to launder their money.
Maytag
What are you doing about the bad acting money launderers in the WH?
"Bad actors." BWAAAAHAHAHA! Que patético eres, cubanito.
Point a finger at someone - You’ve GOT three pointing BACK !  - marc@itsoneway.com
How are the human resource. Bad vibes. Just like opium in Afghanistan.
What are you doing about the CIA importing of drugs? Or the DEA partying with major narco traffickers, making deals with Sineloa to eliminate their competition?
If this concerns you in Latin America, certainly the thought that Trump, our current President, helped launder money for Russian oligarchs right here on US soil must be infuriating you...no?
Money laundering?? Ooohhh-that's something this administration knows about!!
Russian use real estate and drugs to launder money,  Your point?
I would have said real estate and Republican campaign contributions.
That too.
@CNNPolitics @SenateDems @SenateGOP Hey Marco drug dealers and other bad actors use gold to launder their money. Marco r u a bad actor in handling NRA money. Ask the Drumpf bad actor no. 1.
And Senator Rubio takes blood money from the NRA.
I choose to think you're a good man!
Rubio They must be Republicans!!
I'm not sure why Ivanka Trump isn't in on this, too. Isn't she interested in this as our pretend SecofState?
She's representing us in Peru.... 
Didn't you know ???
Coz she's Soooooo qualified
That'a bigly level of sad!
Mission accomplished?

Town. Hall. Now.

Your employers want to have a word with you.
We gave your CoS last year information such as this and much more. Did you not get the memo?
What about an illegal air strike in Syria? Where was Congress aproval?
Great work Marco. You're the best representative this country could have.
Much like @POTUS and his family do with real estate and Russian money?   Hypocrite
You don't care about crime in the U.S., especially the criminal activity of the current administration and GOP, but sure, care about Latin America. You helped a drug dealer launder $$ through real estate! #NRATerrorist
Senator, do not pretend for 1 minute that you care about this issue. You want to end drugs? Pass a law that says if a financial institution is found to be involved in laundering money then the CEO goes to jail for 10 years without parole. That'll shut it down.
MAGA baby, take Baby steps and start w the wall, immigration, drug enforcement stepped up,, if you want to go to SA let’s go after we fix our borders?
There’s no Bible quote on pulling strings for family members involved in drug-related activity, hmm?
The weak shall inherit the money
Closer to home
Rubio is a sellout Pendejo! Why is he so important? He has no leadership skill for the people of Florida! Estupido!
It’s so cute when Marco thinks he’s doing something important.  It’s quite adorable.  keep it up, little buddy!
Drug dealers and "other bad actors".. was that Freudian?
Is there anything you won’t believe from the Jew bankers?
Did Trump’s name come up?

Are u saying invest in silver instead of gold?
Shut up Little Marco. When is your term up?
Those drug dealers like your agenda and want to send you money you said you would take from anyone who does so where can they boat in the cash?
What does it say about you Marco? You have to go to Latin America’s to discover there are bad actors laundering money.  May be if you did your job you would find a bad actor in the WH...  Little Marco never grows up.
We need answers Senator.
Focusing on USA issues since what we elected you to do. Why are you spending time on South America on taxpayers dine? Get to work in our congress. Over 200 Hundred bills passed by house yet Senate has done nothing. Pass kate's law since it passed house over 1yr  ago.@FoxNews @cnn
Marco, did you also hear about Trump’s money laundering operation in Panama? Just checking. Don’t protect this Traitor.
If you wanted to be briefed on money laundering you could haved saved taxpayer's money and just asked anyone in the corrupt Trump administration, which you fully support. Please resign.

Your cocaine-traficking brother-in-law Orlando Cicilia could have told you that, since gold bars are acceoted currency in the drugs black market
Politicians launder money too. Especially if it’s Russian money coming through the NRA. Do you know about that?
Money laundering? Just as .@potus - he's the world's expert on cleaning dirty money - was Panama involved? Maybe Don Jr if Cheeto Supremo isn't available #MuellerTime
Hello? What country do you work for?
WE MUST BUILD THE WALL TO KEEP THE BAD ACTORS OUT.
Property in Panama, condominiums
Is this the summit that Pence was at while simultaneously attending the WH briefing on Syria?
Political propaganda
You know who else knows how to launder money?
You have to be kidding.
You are the biggest most insincere concern troll out there.
Unlike Trump using realestate to launder money for the oligarchs. Need a briefing on that?  Check Deutsche Bank or Wilbur Ross.
Meanwhile, back in the State & Country YOU SERVE nothing gets done!
Why do we waste our time electing people that do nothing for us but TALK & spend OUR MONEY!
Your family is illegal
You sell Senate votes to the death lobby
What have you done for Florida? NOTHING useless POS
Excuse me have you had a look at Trumps Twitter today  & you still support him ? It's ridiculous - the man is raging out of control. You Republicans need to do something. No President should be acting like he is 
Very interesting Senator. Any chance you would inquire as to how Peruvian current administration has lowered overall poverty rate in Peru to 20.7% (over 200,000 out of poverty in 2016). FL overall poverty rate is close to 15%. Any interest u can muster in FL will be appreciated.
Oh. So sad. You  and the NRA remind me of similar CV circumstances
Real estate and casinos are also notorious for money laundering.  Hmm, sound like anyone we know?
Even the @NRA used Russian money!
This is not new
Through the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate ?
Enough polictics. Church is calling
exactly what the republican party and trump just did to americans but in a little different way !!
kinda like what you did to every child shot by guns and you still take pay offs by the nra !!!
WHY DONT YOU TRY TO THROW A BIBLE VERSE NOW TO FIX IT ALL ???
And trump uses his tacky brand and crappy real estate to #launderoligarchmoney. #Deplorable #corrupt #gopswamp #impeachable #GOPcowards #gopImmorality #GOPComplicity #GOPCowardice
So. . . are you telling us that you use gold to launder money?
Gold or real estate...?
Focus on what’s important, like illegal aliens taking over our country.
Okay, guy. Worry more about illegal gold mining in other countries than the children in your own state. FL is so lucky to have you fighting against money laundering in Latin America.
What about the NRA?  How can we forget about the $3.3M?
And you help to end it, so your boss @georgesoros and powerfuls friends can enter to explote our resources in Colombia like in Venezuela. Why don't you sponsor a Military Invassion to free Venezuela, only real way out?
All they need is Donald Trump, he’ll launder money for them by selling them a condo, or two!
And set up LLCs to buy condos in Trump towers.
No Bible verse for that one??
I think you should hear the REAL citizens of Guatemala, and not US officials still working under the Obama ideology!
So you were briefed on something the general public has known for years?!  When are you resigning again?
Bad actors that’s trumps favorite phrase. Yep apples don’t fall far from the tree.
How about the money laundering by Trump properties
Trump launders Russian money through his real estate deals.   Look into that.


I dont understand the significance...is it to outlaw the use of gold as currency? A push to go totally e-commerce? That would be a terrible idea.
‘Bad Actors’? Marco.
Where's Mike Pence?
Have you been briefed on senators taking money from the NRA to keep quiet about gun control? #NRABloodMoney
How about you using the second amendment to hide your guilt in killing children in the US… You’re guilty!You’re complicit! You’re bought by the NRA! You’re just as bad as a drug dealing money laundering thug. @cnnbrk @RepAdamSchiff @AC360 @amjoyshow
Por ejemplo en Colombia
USA! USA! Just a reminder of who hired you to do some real work here!
What does Mafia Don use?
Take a look a Trumps Maralago estate and Trump tower. I'm sure you find a lot of gold. Right up his alley!
¿Y que hay de la mineria legal y los grupos de izq. con respaldo de la OIT. saboteando con argumentos supuestamente legales? ¿Y quien financia  a estos supuestos grupos ecologistas? http://www.prensalibre.com/economia/minera-san-rafael-anuncia-mas-despidos …   @por_mina
Oh Marco - you make rocks look smart. Seriously.
Not to mention, laundering blood money thru the @NRA for political campaign finance, and platforms of hate to intimidate teenagers.
"Drug dealers" are not "bad actors".  

They are courageous, innovative job-creators. 

They are entrepreneurs who believe in free enterprise and the American Dream.

Do you?
And without naming the thugs, you know who those illegal gold miners are?
Bad actors??? You got o e in the WH. Resign Marco. You have no guts. Go home with Ryan the Rat and the rest of the Rat pack.
Hey Rubio what about you legislators using the NRA to " launder" you monies so you see it more fit to forget REPRESENTING the people who elected you and pay your wages and benefits? You need removed!
Bad actors or bad hombres?
-Donny Trump
So ignorant! Peru is one of the largest cocaine producers-coca plantations in the Andes, it’s been happening for decades! Focus on Cheeto!
ok, which companies . I want to invest, at least I can gets something out of it
Illegal strike on Syria, that’s what you called it when obama was prez. What’s different now? Rubio putting party over country
Is there a problem with money laundering? Isn’t that what the Trump organization does?
I'm more concerned about the rule of law in this country, Senator.
Says the guy who takes money from a terrorist organization @NRA who launders Russian money...
Really! “Bad actors”? Huckabee wannabe. You’re more worried about gold mining in South America then you are about the people of Flint Michigan who don’t even have CLEAN DRINKING WATER YET!!!!#BlueWaveIsComing2018
Canadian mining companies are creating chaos in Latin America, but sure let's blame the drug dealers for retaining 1% of profit from their own land.
You mean like your drug dealer brother in law laundered his money?  How about that house he bought for your parents, wasn’t that money laundering?
Is that why Ivanka is There? She sure wasn't elected.
I live in Florida. You represent Florida. Let the State Dept. handle this.
Hey, great attempt at diversion, Lil Marco!

BUT WE KNOW YOU'RE IN THE KOCH POCKET.

#NoConCon 

You con.
Stop buying it and then it will he worthless. Except for a few mfg exceptions, gold is a worthless metal which only has value because 200 years ago it did. Who needs it?
What do YOU use???
"Drug dealers and other bad actors"? Huh?
And yet...you are complicit with the criminal regime in USA....did Ivanka go with you, like she did to India ??!!! the other criminal in the White House 
trump in on that?  Sounds like something he would be doing as part of his Russian money laundering.
Well i guess now that you've tweeted this out your work here is done Marco
I found a drug pusher ....shouldn't be too hard to find him and arrest him.

Read article
You should be in US working on laws protecting kids from gun violence instead of going around the world running 4 President.American people pay your salary and your trips and you r MIA for us.
What did papa Donny tell you to do? We know you sold your soul to him after you quit the election.
Marco how about the fact that you sell out children’s lives to the the NRA for $1.05 a piece so you can have a nice suit.  I think that’s worse than money laundering.

Launder money?! No! Why do you tolerate it from the prez?
#ProtectMueller
#CountryoverParty
What does illegal gold mining in another country have to do with us????, we have enough illegal activities just going on in the federal governmen. This is the kind of horseshit right here that did not get you elected.... Focus. The people want the swamp drained, and Justice.
So does politicans, just because you pretend to read the bible and text about it doesn't make you clean, you are as corrupt as the rest of the politicans in Washington.

Trump is beyond “unhinged,” he is totally uninformed, a petulant child’s mind in an overweight 70 year old body. As POTUS he is more than embarrassing, he’s dangerous. Every day he degrades his high office, and we must pray true leadership is not needed.  …
$1.05
U worry so much about the wrongs occurring in other countries but say nothing about the wrongs occurring at the hands of our president. Why is that Marco?  Scared of the wrath of trump?  #spineless #votethemout
U care about that, but not about the Russians screwing with our elections! #fraud
Marco, have you been briefed on why an 19 year old in Florida cannot buy a hand gun, but can legally purchase assault style weapons?
Donald Trump has been laundering money for Russian oligarchs for decades. I doubt you have not heard about that and you've chosen to remain mum about it.
Like you
So take their profit motive away from them - legalize.
Is the gold mining in Haiti legal? That is, afterall, why Clinton's went there and built a 5 star hotel and threw canvas at the natives, and then got Hillary's brother a top job running a gold mining company..
How can you tweet this after you and the GOP gave away America's wealth to corporations and the wealthy? Are you truly this dense?
Mining for gold in Latin America is ONLY legal when done by an American corporation, right?
dude is busy dealing with just about everything except the hot mess in the WH. We see right thru you, Rubio.
And you use policy
You mean Bad actors like POTUS, Pot calling the kettle black, Sick Marco & GOP,
#liarliar,
Well, the Russians are apparently using Trump and the NRA. But you remain oddly silent.
Anyone brief you on the conditions in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Pay attention to Americans.
Yes, the DOJ & FBI work hard to stop.....oh wait

They are part of “THE DEEP STATE!”
You need to be briefed on Trump's bad dealings.
cosplay
Yea, the past was much better where American Corps just went in took the gold, destroyed the environment, and payed off corrupt right wing politicians (dictators), who then terrorized their own people.

Will you be able to illegalize marijuana, tobacco and alcohol!
?
Hypocrite
Wow! Illegal gold mining! Think of that- our man is Washington is on the case of illegal gold mining! Makes me proud! Maybe now that he has so much free time he can find the time for a townhall meeting? I’m sure there’s some illegal gold mines in Miami.
Marco — no será mejor enfocar en el problema del consumo en los EU?

Republicans in Congress are lying bastards on the budget. https://www.forbes.com/sites/stancollender/2018/04/15/on-the-deficit-gop-has-been-playing-us-all-for-suckers/ … Also, everything else.
Worry about students being massacred in their high schools Marco.... wait, if you speak up the NRA will quit dumping money in your coffers
We have our own criminals here to worry about: Trump & GOP
1.05
You are such a joke. The people of Florida will vote you out. They deserve better.
You are a disgrace!   I cant wait until you are voted out of office. Shameful
You are a bad actor.
The citizens of THIS country want the investigations going on in THIS country to continue and conclude unimpeded! Money laundering here?
For the last 15 months, the American public has been briefed by the free press and federal law enforcement personnel on illegal election tampering in the United States of America. Russian oligarchs and other bad actors use Trump properties to launder their money.
Hey?!  Why don’t you have one of those Pence cardboard cutouts in you’re picture?  Sarah Huckabee KFC Sanders used one in her tweet of the Syria briefing and it was cool!
Sounds like that should be a whole lot of not or problem, unless they are planning to help us with the 21 TRILLION DOLLARS WE ARE IN DEBT!!!
ESPERAMOS RESPUESTA DEL GOBIERNO DE EEUU
And you use gun lobby blood dollars to live on & that’s just so much better!
We have a President that has laundered Russian mob money via the purchasing of Trump condos/properties. 

So you didn't have to travel all the way to Peru to find bad actors when one resides at 1600 Penn.
Yesterday I was briefed by US embassy personnel on illegal gold mining in Latin America. Drug dealers and other bad actors use gold to launder their money. #SummitOfTheAmericas #SummitPeru 
Take care of your own backyard first!!!
https://twitter.com/rwpusa/status/985532302775242752?s=21 … start worrying about the Trumps Ivanka and Jared - look out for Minnesota
More on copper mining in Northern Minnesota.  Foreign companies and their financial backers get the profits We get the pollution.

Environmental Group Asks MPCA To Take Closer Look At PolyMet…
Or you could launder your money at a Trump property.
the #NRA uses people like you to launder THEIR money....your point?
The Russians launder their money through the NRA.
May want to focus on the money laundering of the atrump crime family.
It's big business & they're flooding the market. What then?
Bad actors??? Like @ScottBaio, @RealJamesWoods
Like u like trump money launders jajaja pinche cubano mierda chingas a tu puta madre
