Marco used his position as the house speaker of FL to help ur convicted drug trafficking brother in law to get a real estate license by lying to the authorities
Is that what your donor Soros demands?  Ryan and McCain out. 4 more to go.
Fake meme fail
No it’s not. He’s is s globalist RINO. Enjoy.
Trade war?
I wish you weren't lying when you said you would not run for Congress again.  Too bad you aren't up for reelection.....you know history will not treat you kindly.
Stop lying and treating us like idiots. You knew this would happen. We knew..but you wanted your bribes anyway. @gop are corrupt.
Just keep your opinions they change with every wind. You will never be president flip flopper
OH MARIO Americans don’t cheat. You don’t cheat? CONFESSION!
Remember That the EU was created to Keep U.S. Goods out of Europe and give Germany & France who had real MFG. capability a closed shop to sell their goods. They're our competitors, not really our friends. Theresa May and Merkle have their heads in the sand. Not sure about Macron.
Rubio, get a job. Or take some economic courses. Best bet is to get a job rather than riding on the taxpayer dollars.
While we burden US citizens with exorbitant Taxes, we can’t create a model where they support our Economy. They create a strict Production Economy while they destroy Internal Consumption. Germany’s had about 1.5% Growth on average since Reunification. #Abysmal

You have been proven wrong on every single thing you have said against the tactics of our POTUS. Perhaps you should shut up! I can`t believe I ever considered you a Patriot.
Little Marco your such a dope you want pic and choose who we deal with low intelligence
What about gun reform NRA lover. Hope your family is enjoying all that bribe money 
this tweet brought to you by the NRA. Distractions keep coming from you.Gun reform now, renewable energy in Fl

Want to understand the modern Republican Party: twice this week at a Trump event the crowd booed the very mention of Hispanics. Like literally heckled an entire ethnic affiliation.
Communism unfair means to lower the democratic economy, and then spyware steals the right to scientific and technological wisdom.
hey Marco.  Townhall Meeting?
Our @POTUS does not need your help, Rubio.  Far from it, RINO.
Having 2nd thoughts about getting in bed with Trump?

Shut up Marco you’re mouth is out of control
Income shouldn't be tied to employment 
.
.
#Basicincome 
&
#FederalJobGuarantee 
#ILGov18 
#MarcoRubio #AARP
Trump bargains with no one. He only demands.
We all know you are a Globalist and who you really work for, even though you cash your paycheck straight from taxpayer money. 
You will soon be sitting with McCain and Graham in a very different setting. #Traitor #treason
"Rubio is pretty amazing. On one side, he appears to be relatively perceptive, or at least able to see what's right in front of him, rare in today's GOP. On the other side, he's completely spineless, always voting for what he knows are bad policies" @paulkrugman
Did you really say there’s no evidence the new tax bill is working? Are you running as a democrat or something? What the hell is wrong with you Rino bought & paid for politicians? We’re fighting for our country & you’re saying that BS!!
MARCO RUBIO: There's 'no evidence whatsoever' that Trump's tax bill has helped American workers https://read.bi/2jjeviB  

Marco, you are TOTAL Garbage. It's helping my family a lot.

What's the other option, tax us more? WTF is wrong with you? FRAUD.
Make it your 1st time to not follow & condone the man in the WH.
Smart thinking, Mr. Presidente Trump will understand...America for americans...from Alaska to la Patagonia.
Starting a trade war with EU is like barking on the wrong tree. I have been tweeting to the government that US cannot afford to alienate our allies. We need to distinguish between a friend and foe. Communism is our foe, a foe to the whole civilization.
举报：湖北孝感公安局违法插手民企股东纠纷，公权私用强抢股份，操纵孝南区法院判冤案，做虚假司法鉴定干扰法院判案
1、孝感公安承包公、检、法，一条龙为盗国贼李能服务、站台、当打手，包庇黑老大李能犯罪，掩盖其犯罪证据，拒不立案调查。 2、全球抓捕科研股东黄东宁，掠夺他的股权，酷刑迫害
Tell me about any and all of your successes in Business World pleas..You Nothing but Politicion that Never work honest days work in your Life..
Let our @POTUS take care of the trade issues.  I believe he knows far more than you do about negotiating.  (If you haven't noticed yet.)  Thank you.
Courage to take them all on is one way to get at China.  Here's the question ... what do we want America to look like after we win the trade war?
Yes ,China is always a liar
Not is China , that is CCP cheating , Okay ?  ! CCP can't representative all of the people in China ! Shame on China Communist Party ! CCP = SHIT
I am one of your constituents that just doesn’t think fear mongering re: raising US tariffs is going to spark a “war”. Trust Ross & Lighthizer. 
Response to Ross in Davis was telling. Your voters are watching and informed.
Marco. You are irrelevant. Just go away.
It is said that The Ministry of Commerce of China will let ZTE & HUAWEI go bankrupt, set up new co. to resume the purchase of chips from US.

看推才知道，原来无知之人在哪里都是多数，无论中美。美国人不懂，有Rubio，他们是多么幸运幸福。Mr. Rubio  ,I  love  you.
Marco: thank you for consistently being the grown up in the room.
Stop distracting and ban the damn guns!
CPC Regime takes 1.4 billion Chinese as their hostage to fight with democratic world, Dangerous! Dangerous! Dangerous! We must try our best to change it!
Very good
Are you using an Apple iPhone?
oh, you're still here
Y VENEZUELA QUE SENADOR.? PARA CUANDO LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA LOS VENEZOLANOS ? VENEZUELA ESTA DESAPARECIENDO .Y LOS VENEZOLANOS ESTAMOS MURIENDO. POR CULPA DE ESTA DICTADURA DE MADURO
Please focus on GOP tax scam bankrupting America.

Vote NO on amendment 4
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2018/national/mass-shootings-in-america/?utm_term=.680841b9e77d …
Sounds right.
Fascinating. The Dem'a favorite #gunwhore is poking his head up out of his box again.

What's interesting is, as your constituents, whom you Aid and abet the mass murder of their children, noted that your blood money sugar daddy, the @NRA, will forbid guns
The big problem is Trump cheating. Refocus on that. You were doing well for a while, during the campaign.
请也帮帮底层的中国人民，他们很苦
they're not allies. they're slaves
#MondayMotivation #Trump #MAGA 

When it comes to trade, nearly every country is unfair to us. 

@POTUS has set a new default position, change trade to be fair or you get the tariffs.

They have no reason to negotiate without the tariff.

We need to change the unfair model.
Anyone taking advantage of our trade imbalance and not having our back on issues should be treated no different than China.
Sorry, but all the Republicans and the one Democrat who ran against @realDonaldTrump had their chance to offer their solutions.
You all lost in one fell swoop because along came someone with some common sense and a superior approach.
#MAGAForAll
1. Did trade with Europe and Brazil come up in the election? I don't think it did.

2. If that's true, what do you think the point of senators is?
Totally agree! Good job Rubio on calling out common sense! I think u get it!
You soooo have to goooo.
Marco please move to Cuba and don’t cum. Back
$1.05.
thank  you
You're doing the Trump thing...........Just throwing out any shit that goes through your Brain in order to IMPLY that you're actually using one.    GO AWAY.    They won't put you up for the Congressional MINORITY Leader.
Mmmmmmm
#VoteThemAllOut
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
