300 million dollar missiles to Syria, nothing for Puerto Rico.
Read more:
Fake, fake, fake. Florida orange farmers got more money. Katrina is getting more money. Crumbs is what Puerto Rico gets, so DJT gets a headline.
$16b is crumbs? Ok...
16 billion is nothing close to what is needed. It’s 18 to fix the power grid alone. Stop lying. They’re Americans!
You’re the one lying about what they did get
No, you’re lying. You are pure propoganda for a government that represses poor and underprivileged; racist and zenophobic. What about the money already stolen by fake contractors and dummy corporations?
This entire account exists to ridicule our garbage government, but I also tell the truth when others are misinformed or lying.

Re: any aid money that is stolen or wasted, that is terrible and unfortunate.
Imagine a thoughtful response like this when you met with the #ParklandStudents.  

"I was honored to meet with the students who had just gone through an unimaginable tragedy. I support them in their fight to make schools in America safer."
He did commend them and their efforts. He was thoughtful. Stop lying.
So thoughtful!
1. That’s not what I was referring to
2. That’s actually a very thoughtful comment on the terrible state of our national dialogue
1. That's what I was referring to
2. That's your opinion. I didn't find it thoughtful and neither did many who responded to him
3. Bye
If you don’t improve your ability to converse on this subject, you’re never going to change anybody’s mind. What you’re doing is exactly what Rubio was talking about in the quote you pulled.
I've responded twice (now three times). You started out telling me I was lying. I proved otherwise. It wasn't what you had in mind. It was exactly what I had in mind. Nothing left to converse about.
How about China`s human rights? Please don`t forget that.
It’s a summit about South America, not Asia.
Thank you for reminding me. But why don`t we have a similar summit following TPP negotiation on Asia human rights, to help the people in North Korea and China and Russia?
Ugh
Cuba good; Venezuela bad. OK, Li’l Marco
You should also be honored to meet with your constituents! When is your town hall? We’re waiting Marco. And we won’t forget!  #neveragain
GET RID OF EMBARGO. IS THE SOLUTION TO CHANGE. I VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP. NOT YOU OR CRUZ BECAUSE YOU LISTEN TO OLD CUBAN MENTALITY.
There's not one single positive comment here. You may as well move to Cuba. Take all the NRA money you can and just leave! #1dollar5cents
Take this propaganda & shove it. Go move to Cuba to have less freedom then
Do u know how disappointed many of us are who supported u in your first run in 2010?

We are, after all, the conservatives you abandoned.
Another fair attempt at diversion!
I meet Cubans every day in my ESOL classes - the same immigrants your party wants to deport.
But not the Future Voters of Florida with backing new Gun laws?
He’s the one along with senator Nielsen of Florida which pushed the stop school violence act as well as the nics did through the omnibus package, which both had massive bi partisan support
 the 4 Step program with any mention of Gun Control!  
How about the human rights here in the USA! You’re own state of Florida and maybe check out Flint Michigan! #resign

ESTA BIEN LO DE CUBA. PERO AQUI EN VENEZUELA APARTE DE LOS DERECHOS HUMANOS. HAY CORRUCCION NARCOTRAFICO TERRORISTAS LAS PERSONAS MUEREN DE HAMBRE. Y LA SALUD NO EXISTE POR FALTA DE MEDICAMENTOS. QUIEN ESTA PEOR CUBA CON 60 AÑOS OF VENEZUELA CON APENAS 20 AÑOS??AYUDA PARA VENEZUE
Then encourage the President, ugh,  to let them continue Obama 's policies. They need our tourism and our trade. They are not out to hurt us.
Why don’t you fight for democracy here in America?
Was @TedCruz there?
you're a disgrace to 1st generation immigrant family that has ever come to this country
Quote the bible...
Do you think anyone really cares ?

Thank you for smacking down communism. Today’s US youth that are flirting w/ it (via socialism) have no idea of the hardships far-Left ideologies bring to a country
WE MUST KICK THE DICTATORS OUT

Despite all of the negativity, I think you have a lot of potential, I really like what you said about changing your position on large capacity magazines at the meeting with the parkland students. You have the ability to evolve and see issues in new light, thank you for that.
Por qué no le respondiste la pregunta al periodista del diario @Granma_Digital ??? Vas a seguir recibiendo dinero de la NRA? Es una pregunta de sí o no...
Marco Rubio is the poster child for #campaignreform
What about OUR fight for Democracy? America is ruled now, more than ever by an oligarchy!
It's great that you care about Cuba.
What are you doing to stop school shootings in the USA?
#BanAssaultWeapons

#NRATerroristOrganization
@RepMattGaetz @SteveKingIA @RickSantorum
#GunReformNow #BoycottNRA
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio
Now that marco officially has decided to not give two f#ck's about Florida can we pay someone millions to actually represent US. TOWN HALL?
Are u losers in Congress going to hold Comey libel for lying to you under oath?

Answer?

No.
Im surprised they’d talk to you
Aren't you so glad you have so much in common with Comey? 
He also questions the size of the president's hands.
But then again, you are the REPUB who questioned the size of Trump's hands.

A real class act?

Did u ever question the size of Hillary's pant suits?
When are u and other responsible REPUBs going to call for Mueller to put up ir shut up.

If u don't want Trump to fire lowlife Mueller, why don't u folks call for him to release evidence of collusion or defund his investigation in 3 months.

Y are U REPUBS so weak?
Que pasa con Cuba??? Que pasa con todas las promesas que Trump sobre liberar nuestro país? Que pasa con las sanciones que iba a poner?
Veo más vuelos a Cuba -....
Mas cubanos de Fidel en Miami los golpes a las damas de blanco - que diferencia a Obama???
To a free Cuba.
But not Americans in Parkland shooting ?
So Senator... what about OUR fight for democracy and human rights? Fix the problems here at home instead of showing your “ooh something shiny” piece of news to make it look like you’re working. Or resign. Whatever. 
Senator that's great for Cuba but we would like your support here in Florida in our fight for democracy & human rights. You vote to take millions off healthcare, you avoid gun control reform & you support flawed immigration policies.
Why don’t you go meet with the dead students parents and see how they’re transitioning from having kids to not having kids… Its called the grieving process… @cnnbrk @AC360 @amjoyshow
警惕中共习近平带来核大战，虽然这是命运上帝的安排来惩罚人类，但是作为感知这一切的生灵，希望美利坚能将死亡人数降到最低。命运无法改变，一切都注定了。@realDonaldTrump
Dude if even 25% of the
Cubans were like u.
I would recommend 
Gassing everybody,
Then hit them with 
Thousands of shiny 
misilles ,then using
Napalm,agent orange,
and carpet bombing,
Whoever is left send
Isis 2 that area 2 gas the rest.
Take the cigars first
With the commandos.
You should move there and support them 200%
Sen. Marcos, when it comes to Cuba it's time for you to start doing the walking rather than the talking,The US needs to free the Cuban hand to liberate Cuba. That's what you need to be telling @POTUS Trump.
You are a real POS

Trump is beyond “unhinged,” he is totally uninformed, a petulant child’s mind in an overweight 70 year old body. As POTUS he is more than embarrassing, he’s dangerous. Every day he degrades his high office, and we must pray true leadership is not needed.  …
Too bad we don't have a democracy in America.

We got lobbyist that write our laws for the rich  and bribe  our Congress in exchange for their continuing support 

No lobbyist
No private money in elections
Term limits for congress

Write this in our constitution

Bring democracy
Was Pence there?  Or did he walk out on that too?
Trump broke the blockade to try and make a buck...remember that.
Hypocrite
How about you start supporting those things in America too.
Did ou tell them you sold them out too?
You would support Satan if it means one more vote.
Oh ! Wait .. you did
May of 1997, Mike Pence had a radio show where he railed against the news that a woman, Air Force Lt. Kelly Flynn had received a general dischrage despite having been accused of 2 adulterous affairs. He suggested that adultery should be a crime in the US
Always remember the Marco massacre.
Cuba may be more civilized than the US. We are spinning out of control.
Trump’s disapproval numbers. Blue wave coming.
Approve: 39%
Disapprove: 57%
You’re a disgrace to the Latino and Hispanic communities of thi country.
As far as I’m concerned Marco you’re just another slime ball politician. You tweet your religious tweets at the same time you take money from the NRA and do nothing to prevent gun violence. I hope Florida votes you out.


What about fighting for democracy here in America?  You dolt.  You serve a depot.

@marcorubio complicit



At least they won't have to face 10 million AR15s in Cuba. Cuban politicians don't take NRA MONEY.
That is unless they're Americanized like you!
Assclown
Republican Party is sinking #unhingedtrump
Did they ask you why you've never visited?
You're a disgrace to the Western hemisphere
We need #GunReformNow

