CICIG is autonomous, unaudited & reports to nobody. Personifies impunity. Bitkov case is typical, not anomalous. DOS is main supporter of CICIG.  Subcommittee W. Hemisphere should also act. @nikkihaley @AmbJohnBolton too. Start here: https://ligapropatria.com/CICIG-AND-THE-RULE-OF-LAW-TABLE-OF-CONTENTS.pdf …
Pueden traer un brazo del FBI para la lucha contra la corrupcion pero llévense a la CICIG e IVan Velasquez porfavor. Ellos solo velan por intereses de izquierda junto con la ONU.
La izquierda es una plaga mundial, y esta infiltrada en la ONU, ah, y en el Vaticano.
Senator, shouldn’t your priority be interference in the US elections? Support the investigation into Russian interference in the US. Have you sold out to the Russians too?  What is Putin paying you?
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/latest-news/article194802894.html …

Rubio is tough on Russia consistently. The people on this thread only care about Russia to the point they can use it to attack their domestic political opponents.
Tough on Russia how? This is about Russian interference with our fundamental democracy. Neither of us knows how much the election was or was not affected. Rubio is tough to defend because he does nothing. He is For Sale to the highest bidder. He needs to worry about the US.
... I shared a story with you about a bill he introduced concerning Russian election interference in the US. Introducing and pushing bills is, indeed, "doing something." It's most of what a senator does.
That may be what some Senators do, unfortunately Senator Rubio is not one of those.
... Except that he does. Your being ignorant of the bills he introduces doesn't mean they don't exist.
Actually I live in Florida. I pay attention to those things. Disagree with your perception of Senator Rubio. He does not have much time for legislation, he spends a lot of time counting lobbyist cash. Name calling says a lot about character.
I guess you say I'm name-calling bc I said you're ignorant of the bill's he's introduced?  That's not a name. It's an observation. The man introduces bills at least as much as most other senators (https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/marco_rubio/412491/report-card/2017 …). In fact, he introduces quite a few bills with Sen. Nelson
Mejor que venga el FBI y que se vaya la CICIG, ésta es un organismo parcializado por lo tanto  sus juicios no son justos. FUERA  IVÁN Y LA CICIG
Mejor El Mossad!
Mr @Digby06 sería tan amable de traducirlo. Gracias.
Yo se que respondería
Well, well, well 
uell uell uell @Digby06 sounds familiar to you?
A lot of people ended in jail and is been there for 3 or more years is that justice for them or their families or the country

It is refreshing to know that #CICIG is not above the law and that they also have to be held accountable for their actions. #DefundCICIG
le recomiendo esta lectura y dara cuenta que no es como se lo informaron a usted y mas que el gobierno busca quitar a la CICIG del camino para quedar impune ya que la familia del presidente morales esta en un proceso por desfalco y estan cerca de prision
Juan te comento que esa información  es antigua y ante la impresión de los hechos hicimos una solicitud  de aclaración ante nómada ! Con evidencias te compartimos que el artículo que citaste fue refutado en su totalidad . Inglés y Español disponible aquí : http://supportthebitkovs.com/2018/04/09/aclaracion-y-rectificacion-a-nomada-gt-09-04-2018/ …
Senator Rubio: All @CICIGgt has been doing since Mr. Velásquez took over as head of the commission is FIGHT CORRUPTION! Please don’t let yourself be surprised in your good faith by those, bankers, businessmen and politicians colluded with organized crime!!???
The eternally corrupt forces of Guatemala are spending MILLIONS of dollars in lobbying trying to damage the reputation of CICIG. They want to make them equivalent of communism, satanism and what not. Please support the guatemalan people in our quest for justice. Support CICIG.
Absolut power corrupts and limitless power without any supervision in the hands of a political leftist agenda is the worst kind of corruption. Just an opinion.
My point precisely!  This is not that case, corruption and organized crime have no ideology, the people @CICIGgt is prosecuting are using the “ideology get out of jail free card” since they are guilty as charged and know they won’t be able to defend themselves in a court of law…
Realmente cuando se compromete ideologia en la justicia se ciegan las investigaciones..la justicia no puede ser coptada hace perder recursos y casos de impacto!! Debilitan la politica nacional e internacional, porq la corrupcion sigue galopante!!
You put the Bitkov as victims of @CICIGgt but they are victims of the corrupted guatemalan government, they give fake passports and id's to many people in their way to the US and #CICIG stop the guys who give that kind of fake document . Guatemala is not Cuba.
In Guatemala, the problem is corruption, not Russia. The Bitkov were trapped in a large network of corruption. You can not blame the CICIG for the errors of defense lawyers. Greetings from Guatemala.
Thank you Mr Rubio. Please look at these leftist groups!! Investigate and you will see that they are using US tax money to found their agenda. There’s extortion from the press and CICIG to don’t get in their way.
Eres my faborita
we have urged years now that you stop funding Cicig, that you remove Tom Robinson and Ivan Velasquez, they are destroying Guatemala! Left agenda and political corruption on their tentacles! Finally some help!
Con peticiones como esta, senador @marcorubio debilita la lucha contra la corrupción en Guatemala... lo que no ayudará a dar estabilidad a nuestra región. Las consecuencias pueden ser serias
Todo lo contrario, es La Luz en nuestro país! Cicig e Ivan Velasquez tienen agenda de izquierda encubierta.. Guatemala solamente caerá más en la pobreza.
Move to South America.
Please.
In name of South America we kindly declined. Please move to Africa.
You support a Putin backed criminal cabal that is known as the WH.
Wake up.
Look to Richard Painter for inspiration, a Republican who did the right thing.
Interesting statements today: CICIG's involvment in a case outside their jurisdiction, threatening protective child services to remove custody of the Bitkov's child from them, and..  CICIG covering up sale of passports to ISIS!!!!

Crime fighters!????? Political left agenda! Open your eyes or move to Venezuela!
CICIG  is a beacon of justice in Guatemala and the only clear path to break the corruption which has destroyed the country's economy for more than 60 years. We want justice. We want democracy. Don't let the corrupt powers regain their hold.

Investiguen a Iván Velásquez está sembrando zozobra y un circo mediático violentando  la Constitución Política de la República de Guatemala y sobreponiendose a la autoridad de su presidente Constitucional,  desestabilizando el orden constitucional,  Iván Velásquez y sus secuaces
No buscan justicia sino más bien establecer el socialismo como en Venezuela y Nicaragua; dejando de lado la.pla persecución del narcotráfico,  tráfico de  ilícito de armas la emisión ilícita de pasaportes a entidades de terrorismo incluso islamistas.
And all those taking millions from the NRA!
COLLUSION @realDonaldTrump
Please dig deeper than the Bikovs, Velasquez wants to handle the political power to the extreme left in order the impose a Venezuelan type regime.

Don @PutinRF_Eng, el cubano balsero que perdió ante don Donald, anda mencionandolo y no tiene huevos para invocarlo...
TOWN HALL?
Come on Mr. Rubio, #CICIG anda #MP did what they had to, what is the law HERE in Guatemala. The actual government in it's entire members are extremely corrupt, and only with #cicig we are just discovering how rotten they are.
Keep pretending #Putin didn’t interfere in or election to get the Cheeto in Chief elected and that his staff is as corrupt as they come.
A commission funded by the @UN
Afuera la Cicig! Al fin están descubriendo quienes son esos de la clica junto con #ThelmaAldana #IvanVelazquez y #MayraVeliz
How about looking into the things the US President said live on FoxandFriends? Prayers for Trump.  Psalms 109:8-13
We need help with our veterans too!
Deje de destruir la cicig usted esta apoyando a un presidete corrupto de Guatemala
Don’t waste your time trying to undermine the work of the CICIG. But after all, you seem pretty tight with Jimmy Morales 
Tenés serios problemas mentales.
¿Así? ¡Ilumíname!
Si a tu edad no has aprendido, ¿para que perder el tiempo? Tu familia no invirtió en tu educación.
Es gracioso como algunos asumen cosas de uno, ¿no? Tranquila, me gusta ser joven porque así tengo más tiempo para aprender más y no defender a corruptos. ¿De cuánto me veo? Me han dicho 25 y eso me ofendió jajaja s¡aludos!
Go head, by denying a  rule of law and fair play scenario to this society your country will get more and more immigrants at your borders "stealing" your jobs,  getting into your courts, changing your rules
Who told you?  Your orange vomit leader or your fake bible
The CICIG with the support of the UN is causing a DESTABILIZATION in the country of Guatemala so that the US loses its interests.
señor congresista si quitan el apoyo a cicig el monton de corruptos que ahi en el gobierno de guatemala van a salir beneficiados no se dejen engañar cicig no apoy a rusia ni putin y ahora meten a isis que mentira informense bien jimmy morales es un corrupto.
Wow, now another reason to distrust you! United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence claiming there is no evidence of collusion! WOW! REALLY?! You are too easily manipulated.
TRANSLATION: I’m pretending to be tough on Russia without having to stand up to the @POTUS for failing to hold Putin accountable for meddling in our election. I’m going to whine about the lack of fines and penalties while not giving a rats ass about the lack of Russian sanctions.
How about you pay attention to what's happening in your state and get your nose out of my country? You have enough in your plate licking Trump's and the NRA's boots.
Helloooow! Mr. Trump has clean hands? First clean the house. Then you can sniff around others! Ask Trump about inmigrants anyway!!!
All funding for this commision should be suspended until a thorough investigation is conducted
Cicig ain’t got no criminals, criminals got cicig, there bunch of inocente people in prison without proves I hope this is the beginning of the end for son of a bitch Ivan Velazquez
Yeahh poor corrupt people they are rooting in jail and they can’t even enjoy their stolen money.
Corrupt people has to pay, but innocent people do not have to be in jail, and cicig has many of them in prison and they can’t even prove the accusations so we don’t have to be dumb and believe everything the fake news said about them
Innocent who? Baldetti with her millions? Sinibaldi, Otto Pérez Molina. They stole money from the Guatemalan people, they have to pay. Corruption kills poor people.
Obviously we all know they’re guilty but check on the congressman and some other people fallow their cases cicig don’t even have proves of all that, also if a judge don’t do it their way automatically the judge is call corrupt too and that’s bullshit
Rubio doesn’t even talk about USA issues.
Our enemy is in the Whitehouse! And YOU are a co-conspirator! @GOP are aiding a criminal! Quit pretending!

The entirety of Congress is being manipulated by #Putin and you know it, Traitor.
Fake news Senator.  Investigue bien Senador, en Guatemala apoyamos a lucha contra la corrupcion. Aprobamos y apoyamos a CICIG
USA burning to the ground and #LittleMarco hittin the important issues
Cómo se creen ese cuento,  es ridículo.
Hey Sen Rubio, stay out of GT. If you're really concerned about helping people, please help all our guatemalans immigrants in your country and help us get to justice the corruption and mafia goverment of @jimmymoralesgt. Our 100% support for @CICIGgt and @MPguatemala!!!!
Are you sure this is a bible passage? #MAGA #TrumpTrain
And now, let me get back to covering for Trump and hiding the facts from the American people...
Donde están los que se rasgan las vestiduras de patriotas.  Que defienden la constitución de GUatemala.
Interesting,  though, that you're not worried about #Putin's manipulation of our election(s). Care to explain? Serious question.

How about urging the end of funding planned parenthood and support our children’s right to life!
Urging @marcorubio to look into whether #POTUS (the incompetent individual currently in the WH) was (still is) manipulated by #Putin. 

It's interesting to me that you are concerned about the lack of fines/penalties in this case, but not the lack of sanctions against Russia.
Gracias, pero aún hay muchos casos parecidos, hay que investigar y seguir adelante. Gracias @marcorubio
Senator in the month of April you have not tweeted once about gun control reform. 

You might have forgotten #MSD but we the people of Florida haven't. #ashamed to have you as my representative
Maybe he doesn’t believe in gun control reform and that it will actually work. You can always vote him out but you’ll have to wait awhile.
Lying rump-swabs,such as yourself, have a very limited time left to continue their lying and swabbing.  Better hurry!
How about the Russian interference in our elections, Senator? Our intelligence communities warned about this, yet our president refuses to enact sanctions against them. Try cleaning up our own problems first!

How about the Russian money laundering traitor in the White house?  How much Russian $$$$$ did you take?
That’s nonsense!
Little AR15 marco, what about the mass incarceration of Americans in your country?!
Lying hypetcrit
Resign
When your online accounts were hacked did you become a victim of blackmail? If so just come clean. Otherwise you’re no different than any of @GOP mobsters turning us into a kakistocracy. We will be no better off than the people of Venezuela and you can apply for house chaplain
Either blackmail or other possibility - I heard a rumor early in 2017 that his family was threatened (granted that was on Twitter so grain of salt and all, but not implausible)
I only remember back at first hearing about Russian hacking. Rubio said he was a victim so it leaves me wondering. His tweets are of devastation in other countries or Bible quotes. It’s just weird to me.
Oh for sure. He was hacked along with the whole RNC, and although I don't think it takes blackmail for MANY in the GOP to act the way they've acted, I think it probably explains at least a few of them.
I think so too. Knowing that the Russians can take down our electrical grid and water supply. Rubio did look unhappy at the SOTU. Many gop in the house seem bought and some in the senate. Cyber warfare w/an installed president is very dangerous.
It's okay, Marco. We will be replacing you with a person of integrity asap. Until then, we'll just fill all the seats open & take away your political pull. How's about that?

#BlueTsunami cometh!
FOCUS!  Problems at home!  Russian interference in elections. Cabinet rife with corruption. Follow your oath or #RESIGN.  And of course, return the @NRA money.
Translation: Now I can say I've been tough on Russia, without having to stand up to Donald Trump and his utter failure to hold Putin to account for meddling in our elections or protecting the next election.
@marcorubio Hello Senator ¿ Do you agree with what President @realDonaldTrump expressed with the President of France @EmmanuelMacron the nuclear disarmament agreement with Iran agreed by John Kerry on @POTUS44 instructions was a total disaster ? @VP @SenJohnMcCain @tedcruz
¿ Do you believe after the meeting of @POTUS and @EmmanuelMacron will keep the nuclear agreement with Iran traced by @POTUS44 administration hand with John Kerry and @HillaryClinton What do Republican senators think must be abolished ? @VP @SenJohnMcCain @tedcruz
湖北孝感公安局，威武！
1、孝感公安承包公、检、法，一条龙为盗国贼李能服务、站台、当打手，包庇黑老大李能犯罪，掩盖其犯罪证据，拒不立案调查，威武！ 2、全球抓捕科研股东黄东宁，掠夺他的股权，酷刑迫害，制造世界恐怖，威胁世界和平，威武！ 4、公安的司法鉴定书堪比判罪书，创全世界第一！
@realDonaldTrump  is also being manipulated by Putin & "radical elements" yet we have heard crickets from you.
Please look into Texas locking up a women for 5years for a voting violation.

Maybe u should see if TRUMP is manipulated by Putin!!!!

POR FAVOR SENADOR .LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA .NO TARDEN MAS .DA TRISTEZA VER COMO ESTAN MURIENDO LAS PERSONAS POR FALTA DE COMIDA Y MEDICAMENTOS...POR CULPA DE ESTA DICTADURA DE MADURO..SIN AGUA SIN LUZ SIN GASOLINA COMIDA MEDICINAS. AYUDA URGENTE POR FAVOR 
Watching.
Are you occupied in your country business? Which is your country? Cuba?
How about looking into how #Putin manipulated the American people and interfered in our election. How about insisting Mitch McConnel brings to the floor the bipartisan bill overwhelmingly passed by the intelligence committee to protect special counsel.
Russia has interfered for 50 years...just as we interfere in elections all over the world.  Obama sent a team to try and swing the Israel elections...
Please dig deeper: https://ligapropatria.com/en/cicig_reports/ …
Ask @realDonaldTrump - he loves Putin.
You should concentrate yourself more at home and the direct links to the Kremlin! Try to understand what Cohn was doing with direct links to the Kremlin if you don’t want to ripped off again by the Russians in the next elections!
We agree Sen Rubio however, you must dig deeper than this. You will find the IC has a part in this that has not seen the light of day. More homework then you will see the light
Shut up and work on the hate generated by GOP ADMINISTRATION against it's own country!
Well Rubio, Trump is clearly influenced by Putin, lavishing early praise and never saying an unkind thing about him. And you Rubio, are complicit in your praise and unbounded admiration for all things Trump. Why would it surprise you that Putin has influence in other's affairs?

Socialism, Communism.
#FridayFeeling
#
UH...............WHAT??
Ahem,  cleanup required on Pennsylvania Ave...
maybe you should fix your attention on the manipulations Trumpy and company are guilty of before you address other countries, Jesus in John 8:7, viz. “He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone...".
Wait, you care about Putin now?
Rubio is an ideological Russia hawk who has "cared about Putin" for years. The people on this thread mostly only "care about Putin" to the point they think it hurts their domestic political opponents.
Speaking of manipulation by Putin...you eyeballing anyone else in your political party or...?


