Can you please call me, Or have someone call me 239-549-2349 Thank you.
You should be a priest not a senator.
Would you be able to tell me why then Doctors and Hospitals are not accountable for there actions? Elizabeth was misdiagnosed and over medicated. She passed away on Jan 5th of this year, I get no help with this, I lost my whole world.
Splendid seeing you express openly your fair, decent Christian-Judeo beliefs  basic to the  formation, foundation,  and shaping our great nation, and without which, we wouldn't be a blessed beacon in our world.  We must never remove God from US history.
Faith without works is you Marco.
Were saying it cause we're wondering when God is going to rescue us from you and #45
shut up 
Honestly, there’s nothing more to say to that man than what you did.
Your god kills children and gives good people terrible diseases. Either he can stop it and chooses not to, or he is incapable.
What? #Thafuck #God #Slavery #To #Nation #Religion #NRA #Liberalism #Rubio #Stuff
Separation of CHURCH & STATE. A mere 240 years later, how quickly we forget why people fled their countries to to America, to be rid of religious persecution. Stop it!
Sep of church/state is in a letter from Jefferson, protecting the church FROM the state.  That phrase isn't in the Constitution.
1Amend:  Congress shall make no law with respect to the establishment of religion, nor prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
What you see the senator doing does not involve the establishment of a state religion, only his free exercise thereof.

Marco. Keep your fake piety to yourself. DO YOUR DAMN JOB. Start impeachment proceedings against the madman in the WH. Maybe then you can get your redemption. You should know though, selling your soul will make it hard to get to heaven.
Join a monastery little marco
the reason your numbers are los low.... phony! thats why
In this country your God doesn’t have to be my God. We have freedom of religion here. Pls stop this.
Free country. Did you forget? Go tweet to your God.
Ow if you would follow scripture  you would bring honesty to your job.
Stop already 
Stop the Bible quotes. I don’t read the Bible.
“Your god is the NRA and you do whatever they will”. Guns Kill 38: 45-AR15
The nations say govern, get your religious shit out of here

No Mr. Rubio. Your God is the dollar and no dollars in heaven.

I'm trying to get help for a friend, please just read the story, even if you can’t donate, sharing this with your friends would be thanks enough 
Click to Donate:  http://tw.gofund.me/mjones&pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-152522198137-16972335de20493c … via @gofundme
Treat people with the same reverence.
#Atheism is critical thinking #Atheists merely demand exceptional evidence for exceptional claims 
Please show the evidence of how lifeless matter magically became alive , accidentally.
Your religion of atheistic evolution, is the stupidest religion on the planet, which is why the majority don't believe in it.
First and foremost. #Atheism is not a religion. It’s a position of non-belief of religious claims of the existence of a God due to lack of objective proof. Second. If you want to learn-take a college course. #ABioGenesis Not my obligation to educate you. http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/abioprob/ 
Of course it's a religion.
You believe that lifeless matter came alive all by itself with zero proof.
That's a ridiculous religion.
Again your ignorance makes you look ridiculous. Consider an education. There is no faith/God for Atheists. We prefer proof. Webster defined religion as: b (1) : the service and worship of God or the supernatural (2) : commitment or devotion to religious faith or observance
The sissy that worships dead rocks is still at it?
LOL
Amazing intellect. Your must make your people proud. 
@marcorubio I see you're fond of bible quotes.  What's your favorite biblical admonition against being corrupt, a thief & a liar? Also, where does "god" say to shill for the @NRA for millions of $$$, MARCO? Oh, & to shill for a misogynistic narcissistic wannabe dictator, MARCO?
Love bit of God talk from the corrupt NRA shills as if Americans are not wise KEEP IT! American’s see your political god talk you feel is required, you sound foolish and so does The President of United States. We see you. VOTING IS YOUR VOICEEyes on Washington
Same as you Rubio. God put 45 and you in office....
He wills a Nation of free and moral people
Praying the will of God all day every day, “without ceasing”!
And yet our actions continue to bring the question. Such a puzzle.
Bahahahaha. Oh! You mean up in the clouds!?! We've already gone past the clouds, man! Wake up! There's no bearded man up there!
God will is my will. I accept my Civic Duties. I'm honor to carry on my oaths .
Screw you, i want a representative, go get a job in the church, you dont represent miami or florida.
You quote this guy an awful lot. Do you actually listen to him or his teachings? #hypocrites
Quit quoting the Bible you don’t believe in #God anyway. Your a murderer of children by supporting war.
Why did you support a massive tax cut for the rich and corporations while giving pennies and taking services from poor and working classes?  As you told the Economist yesterday, “There’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American worker.”
I help you practice what you  Preach.
You squandered your vote and weakened Healthcare then tweet tax cuts are not helping middle and low income Americans - then tweet scripture-
#Conflict of the worst kind
Where is their God ?
Well in your case it’s the NRA - you’ve sold your soul mr Rubio to the NRA
STOP!!!
Flip pages and point. Very well done. #fakechristian
Oh my stars, Marco Rubio is shocked, shocked to find that GOP tax cuts only help the wealthy!
Proverbs 21:13    

Whoever closes his ear to the cry of the poor will himself call out and not be answered.
@marcorubio, it is today that many gentiles hear a general revelation and respond, whilst these who claim to know him reject his special revelation, thus are the ones reviled in the psalm.
Are you a preacher or a senator, if I want the Bible I’ll go to church.

Yes! Jennifer asks the question I've had since Rubio decided to run again. He clearly loathes Trump and is a reluctant Senator. Why not be a truth-teller and help save America? https://twitter.com/JRubinBlogger/status/991313836161585154 …
Until you show that this god exists, there is no reason to think that there is any god of any type.  Your god does nothing and helps no one, despite the claims of prayer working. We see that it doesn't from the little fellow who died in England.  Many prayed and he still died.
Mine's right over there, under the birch tree, farting rainbows.
#AllHailRuprechtTheUnicorn
Marco quoting god is like an alcoholic proselytizing abstinence- This BS Artist runs his mouth one way & votes another- In an interview he said he was shocked that the tax break for the rich  was not trickling down- This guy is the biggest #hyporcrite in a @SenateGOP full of them
Please..
Mr. Rubio.....I'm glad you FINALLY pulled your head out of your POSTERIOR.....and REALIZED the "TAX CUTS" were A LIE!!  corporations are lining their pockets, NOT creating jobs!!  Quit with the Bible stuff and GET TO WORK!!
https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5ae78e3de4b055fd7fcee214/amp?__twitter_impression=true …
Why should Marco say, "No Evidence Trump tax cuts are helping US Workers?" I'm seeing an add'l 2K/year in my paycheck due to less taxes being taken out. I am a US worker and this HAS helped me.
You will have no idea what this means until you file your 2018 taxes in 2019.
Marco, what does the Bible say about hypocrites because you are the biggest one I've ever seen. You lost my vote when you voted tax bill in.
Hey little Marco, stop reading from that comic book!
God wants to know why you support the NRA!
"Behold, I am about to punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite and his descendants; he will not have anyone living among this people, and he will not see the good that I am about to do to My people," declares the LORD, "because he has preached rebellion against the LORD."'Jeremiah 29:32
They claim to know God, but they deny him by what they do. They are detestable, disobedient, and unfit to do anything good.
~Titus 1:16  #FakeChristian #NRAWhore
Whoever walks in integrity walks securely, but he who makes his ways crooked will be found out. ~ Proverbs 10:9 ESV #FAKECHRISTIAN
Jesus entered the temple & drove out all who sold and bought in the temple, and he overturned the tables of the money-changers and the seats of those who sold pigeons. He said to them, My house shall be called a house of prayer, but you make it a den of robbers Matthew 21:12-13
Go away. Take @nra buddy @FLGovScott with you
Your god. Not mine. This is the land of Freedom Of Religion. That means we can all worship how we wish without fear of persecution
In @TheEconomist you expressed frustration that businesses weren't raising wages with their tax cuts that you voted for sir. Maybe you should let your faith guide your morals, but rely on evidence and reason to guide your policy? Faith eschews evidence; policy requires it.
GOP does whatever it wills...
YOU VOTED FOR THE TAX SCAM.
You advocated for it on your twitter feed, too late to back track now.
Same with your stance with the NRA.
We already know who you support, a corrupt WH not American citizens.
It says "the heathen", not "the nations". Don't go post an interpretation of the Bible. Post what is in it.

He is also everywhere, filling all things, as the Byzantine Trisagion prayer mentions.

Personally I get angry by this self righteous bible quoting. It puts @marcorubio down with Trump. And I'm an atheist!! What mustn't good genuine christian people feel. I would have been furious, having him dragging my religion down in the mud...
#timesup Rubio
"...maintaining love to thousands, and forgiving wickedness, rebellion and sin. Yet he does not leave the guilty unpunished; he punishes the children and their children for the sin of the fathers to the third and fourth generation.”- Exodus 34:7
The Word also says that only a fool says there is no God!!
Not sure WHY you're calling for a fictitious deity after the shit you pulled.  Why are you even shocked about businesses NOT pumping money back into the workers after WE LIBERALS TOLD YOU THAT WOULDN'T HAPPEN WITH YOUR CRAPTACULAR TAX CUTS?

#DumbAsShit
God answered my prayer and commanded me to tell you to hold a town hall meeting soon. Your constituents voices need to reach your ears.
Your God is in heaven and does whatever he wills, but do you know his will?
He’s probably telling Floridians to recall you, but nobody listens to him. 
If God really wanted to do good for the people, the @GOP would be destroyed.
Dude. Just stop it already. You're such a phony.
The Grand Beautiful State of Florida is occupied by ALL people of walks of life . Just as our nation. Please STOP STOP quoting YOUR religion. Learn American history. Understand separation of Church and State pleeez for your last days in office attempt to conduct
''SOLO DIOS ABRE PUERTAS Q NADIE PUEDE ABRIR Y CIERRA PUERTAS Q NADIE PUEDE CERRAR''  LA BIBLIA
Revelation  21:3  And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God.
And our senator in a ditch, hiding his head under sand and mud.
Marco, if Jesus was to appear on Earth you think he stand with you and the NRA. Which is more important the 2nd amendment or loosing more children in school shootings? Change the 2nd Amendment or loose it.

Amen!
Is this the sam God that asks you to be your brother’s keeper and care for the poor and not billionaires? #maga!
Don’t quote scriptures while screwing over the poor.  You knew the tax bill was a fraud and would only help the rich get richer. Jesus would chase you from the temple you soulless moneychanger sleazebag.
Where is your G-d, sir? Whom do you serve? Because I am convinced that you and your Party do not serve the L-rd. And it’s rather disingenuous for you to quote scripture under these circumstances
You are a total fraud. Jesus would abhor you

Jesus wept.
Blessed Be the Fruit
#Rubio_2020 Time for a conservative to be proud of.
Under His Eye
Your god is the money from the NRA. 
$1.05 Marquito, go home .
You really should stop with the biblical quotes. #Justbecauseyousayitdoesntmeanitstrue

Usually I respond to these kind of tweets with a verse from the Good Book but this time I won’t. I want to ask you: Why do you quote scripture?
Keep pandering to your base.
Sounds like your talking about ttt.
You know, you could resign and be a preacher. Then someone useful could be Senator.
Why do you keep doing this? You have a job in the Senate and it's not doing your best scripture bot impression. What have you done today to provide a check on the Executive?
God did not invent private property, real estate transactions, monopolies , and the stock market 
You talk about God and And You live the next day
Well said, Senator
Vote Rubio out.
You know Senator, maybe you should care more about the poor, sick, elderly and vulnerable.  You know, be more Christ like?
No liar will live in my palace; no hypocrite will remain in my presence. Psalm 101:7
Shut up and go away.
You can't follow God AND Trump. You have to pick. The thing is, YOU CHOSE to follow Trump - You deserted God when you did that.


Yup. He does what He wills. Certainly not with this guy, though.
Great word. Ty
Go fuck thyself
Amen & Amen
NRA whore
You need therapy
Why do I love Marco?
#STOP using #God #shithole if you really know #God you would not be the #shithole you are
Republican: 2018!


Asswipe
Enuf.

John 18:36
Jesus said, "My kingdom is not of this world. If it were, my servants would fight to prevent my arrest by the Jewish leaders. But now my kingdom is from another place."

Stop injecting religion in politics. Even Jesus thinks you're wrong.
Ummmmm, he's not.
Look inside your soul first.
He doesn't have one. He sold it to the devil a long time ago
Who's GOD?The one u worship while supporting a #DictatorMadeInUSA that KILLS,STARVES,IMPRISONS,9Mil innocent PPL?Arming ILEGITIMATE Army,suppressing rights of an entire country #Honudras with help of @StateDept @realDonaldTrump That's not a #GOD you worship. Is only #CORRUPTION.
Talking to your imaginary sky daddy again? Keep religion out of politics. #ShutTheFuckUpMarco
Rubio, is the earth flat?
So he is in heaven and then what happens?oh, can I google map that?
Si Marco
https://www.biblestudytools.com/passage/?q=2+timothy+4:3-4 …
Separation between Church and State as our founding Farhers wanted. 
It's clear that you don't know what that means.

Church v state? Anything?
Any idea what that means? Anything?
Separation of Church and State

I am sorry your fruits do not match your quotes of God
I thought you were a Senator? excuse me padre?  Sorry you’re not getting through the pearlies...
Here's a good one you are literally watching happen. Luke 8:17. Buckle up.
When you put it like that, it almost seems as if God's will is fickle and generally irrelevant?
Ok, and what's your point?
So do you...
Still conducting test marketing for a future career as a televangelist?  I think you will do well.  You have just the right combination - pervasive unctuousness with a sprinkle of Uriah Heep and a dash of Tammy Faye Baker.
.@marcorubio a verse you should study and reflect on

"And God will send them a powerful delusion, and they will believe the lie."
2Thess 2:11
That could be anyone
Quit quoting fairytales and do you damn job! - Me 15:22
We on very special planet - third from the Sun. Our galaxy, has three times more stars, than regular our type galaxies have. Three is a fundamental number of universe, three dimensions on space. Earth in a center of expanding universe. Earth has life, nature couldn't create life.
Makes God sound like a petulant child
God does not exist!
#STFU ALREADY.. get out of #government which you are #terrible at, and go #preach.. go be #jimmyswaggert..
These empty sanctimonious tweets make me hate you.
Jeebus guzzles cock.
Lying Hypocrisy psalm 101
O feeli me boni belli, dominus fobiscus, bennie sellit allhis dominus. Amen. Thanks for the laughs, Senator.
That's what the bible says, 
That the people will laugh and make fun of the people who pronounce the name of GOD
Gee thanks for the education, Bernal.
Your religious messages favor one religious belief over others, yet all your constituents, regardless of belief, PAY TAXES for YOUR salary and staff because they expect YOU TO GOVERN. You are NOT paid to proselytize.
Is this what you were elected to do?  Quote bible verses??? I don't think so
What's wrong with it. God knows all.
yea why? and then lead their people with zero compassion into poverty and despair....what is the point?
Stay out of religion and govern. Leave preaching to the clerics. We pay taxes for you to Govern! Jeez.
So, why bother to pray?
Tell me again about how you are a Christian, Marco
#Blather from Lil' Pastor Marco. #BloodOnYourHands #VoteHimOut
Where’s mine? Or do you only represent some people?
wall street scamming investors and IRAs again today, just like 2008 again
What, do you just open up the Bible, close your eyes and point? What's your point with this quote? Explain why you chose it. What does it mean to you? People are looking for answers here. We're freaked out by this mess called Trump. We need answers!
If you're looking for answers, you won't find them from Rubio.
I just want him to explain his Bible quotes. What do they mean to him? What is he trying to say? I know I'm asking alot or am I? We'll see if he answers me.
Nope, you won't get that from him. He doesn't even know the meaning of them.
Amen !!
Can you please run as a democrat it sounds like you have the same opinion on tax cuts as them ..

Matthew 22:21 Jesus said "Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and to God the things that are God's." Romans 13:1 "Let every person be in subjection to the governing authorities.
Likr send you to hell, for watching those in Puerto Rico suffer and do nothing.
Resign. You're pathetic.
Really starting to worry that you make laws based on your religion.
Who voted for the #GOPTaxScam, you or God?
If you claim to be religious but don’t control your tongue, you are fooling yourself & your religion is worthless.Pure and genuine religion in the sight of God the Father means caring for orphans and widows in their distress and refusing to let the world corrupt you.James 1:26-27
No Tiny, your god is in my wallet. How many gods would get you to shut the hell up.
Where’s your resignation letter!
quit your day job!!!
Where's the verse about selling out the poor to further enrich the wealthy? Gonna guess YOU'D never be caught tipping any 'money changers' tables, 'Bible Boy'.
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE MORON!!! 
I guess he wills u out of office with the rest of the GOP that take from the poor and give the rich.
I'm pretty sure you would make a worse pastor than you do a politician. Have you considered selling shoes? Or at least just shutting your hypocritical pie hole until you're voted out?
Dude- why are you on a non stop bible quoting twit spree? Is it because you need the (stupid fucking) evangelical vote this year? You two bit shill. You miserable excuse of carbon. What did god say about pandering in his name? Seek pews, not a seat in our legislature.
Venezolanos en el exilio, solos
Which god?
He’s obviously not at the wall helping refugees. Maybe we should govern for peopl and not for a god.
#Florida #Legalize #MedicalMarijuana  & #RecreationalMarijuana #MedicalDoctors, #Doctors #insurance  #Medicaid #Medicare #Staywell Genesis 1:11-12 Matthew 13:32 , Deuteronomy 32:2 , 2 Kings 4:41 2 Kings 12:3 , Ephesians 4:16 , Leviticus 6:13, Job 41:20 Psalm 68:2 @SherryHembree1
Hypocrite
You support Trump.... so you’re a hypocrite
Stop quoting the Bible and start living it, by helping regular people, children, and the poor and rejecting #NRAMoney.

#NRAwhore
