If the United States also intends to have follow-up negotiations, and looks forward to making progress in the negotiations, the only option is to immediately launch the list of sanctions that have been drawn up. Otherwise, it will repeat the mistakes of the previous leader.
finally the American people wake up ... It's not too late to react.
Chinese people in nature are no difference than any other nations in the world, kind, diligent and friend. But few powerful families in CCP control the internet, media and newspapers, misleading 1.4billion population for their own interests. It’s so sad!!
It’s also about what gov should stands for? Chinese ordinary people? Or few powerful family. It’s about information transparency. Bring down the Notorious Great Fire Wall. Don’t let CCP fool Chinese people only thru CCP control info channel and do against Americans.
America's trade deal with the Chinese Communist Party is to break the network firewall set up in China to allow all internet companies in the United States to enter the Chinese market
正义之举！支持！
TY Marco. I watched ur interview on @TuckerCarlson & I could not believe how scary what you were saying is. Why everyone is not talking about this is also scary. Maybe if @CNN and the other in MMS would stop this #StormyDaniels garbage they could get to what really matters #MAGA
After all these years and now you sound the alarm on China after Trump did it for the last 40 years. You're a sad little man Rubio.
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Do not believe what they say, depends on what they are doing! The CCP is becoming like a Nazi！
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Never believe them！

Picture in the text: 
Our party's idea of ruling the country relies only on one character, and deceives！
You’re a disgrace to the state of Florida. I’m a constituent.
You are right on here.  Please work to pass legislation to ensure that the US will help to defend Taiwan from Chinese aggression.
The deal was done when Trump got Xi Jinping to meet Kim Jong-un and turn him into the Pooh Bear of East Asia. We will have to wait to see how Trump badly sold out the USA in his narcissistic bid for the Nobel Peace prize.
Good interview on Tucker tonight.  I know you had your sights on the presidency. While you continue down that path I hope you find a way to influence the direction we take on the world stage. I appreciate you. The tweets are brutal but hang in.
All the actions of the Communist Party of China reflect the sin of the soul: control the world! They buy networks, media, use money, provide benefits, and use women to tempt the world to decline. These means show that they are spokesmen for the devil.
Nice and enlightening interview with @TuckerCarlson this evening.  I hope and pray daily that the @DNC will start to realize that there is more going on than @StormyDaniels !  All important issues are being ignored!
Saw u explain it on Tucker show..WOW!! Can we get both sides to agree and fix this is issue or is the left so stubborn they rather the country gets destroyed n march its not their faul...arent they supposed work for everyone?
目前與#China的爭議遠不只是貿易和關稅，而是關於未來。“這是”美中關係史上全新篇章的第一頁“，它將”觸及每一個專業世界經濟。“
Never mind that American farmers just lost 60% of the market for soybeans.
"In one corner stand President Trump and his team of China trade hard-liners, whose instinct is basically right: This is a fight worth having now, before it is too late, before China gets too big."
"Trump seems to believe that he can reshape how China approaches the next era of global trade without allies — just American brute force. Good luck with that."
"Economics can win-win. On one condition- we all play by the same rules: hard work and innovation, not hard work and stealing intellectual property, massive government interventions, ignoring WTO rules, lack of reciprocity and forcing Western companies to pay to play inside CN"
"That is what this moment is about — that’s why it’s a fight worth having. Don’t let the fact that Trump is leading the charge distract from the vital importance of the U.S., Europe and China all agreeing on the same rules for 2025 — before it really is too late."
@marcorubio Yes, and prez no-nothing whom you support in all your actions pulled out of TPP giving China a wide open door to fill the void US left. #VoteThemAllOut


35 over  politicians have signed the @noNRAmoney pledge in the past week @marcorubio would you like to be the first Republican to sign?
So it’s not about Florida’s Soybean Farmers? When are you up for re-election? Voting for the other guy

President Trump is doing the NECESSARY actions that all past presidents did not have the balls to do!
Supporting a tyranny regime for over 30 years is ridiculous mistake in the first place
Bad guy Clinton did.
Every administration since Nixon is guilty. Stop with the partisanplease.
@Miztiki Maybe you're right. But CCP became much richer and  stronger ever since Clinton let it be a member of WTO. And CCP obey none of the promises which was the condition  for it to be the  WTO member.
I know. And China was completely ignored under Obama. But I hope you realize that the partisan divide in our country is tearing us apart. If both sides keep this up, China can just sit back and watch us destroy each other. Please think about that.
It's not that difficult, just choose the party with the more anti-China(CCP) ingredient. You will find CCP is dividing your country if you keep your eyes open. CCP has bought lots of America's politicians.
Catch up and thats not even all of 2017
http://www.businessinsider.com/new-york-times-climate-change-story-trump-correction-2017-8 …

https://consortiumnews.com/2017/06/29/nyt-finally-retracts-russia-gate-canard/ …

http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/15/media/new-york-times-editorial-palin-giffords-correction/index.html …

https://medium.com/@caityjohnstone/new-york-times-forced-to-retract-longstanding-lie-about-russian-hacking-aa3fedb191ac …

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/05/business/media/cnn-retraction-trump-scaramucci.html …

https://nypost.com/2017/08/09/ny-times-runs-embarrassing-correction-on-climate-change-story/ …

http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/29/new-york-times-corrects-five-trump-charlottesville-reports/ …

https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-06-30/new-york-times-forced-retract-longstanding-17-intel-agencies-lie-about-russian-hacki …
The Biased @nytimes opinion section are you for real? The Times is correcting their fake crap almost weekly and your posting it?
It  will be a much safer and free world if the evil China's communist party could be terminated through America's effort. After all, what CCP is doing is trying to ruin all of  the precious values of America.
With great wisdom from Rubio, I believe you will be the U.S. president after Trump!
Impeach 45 and this issue will clear. He has no clue about foreign policy.
Marco, you may not understand this but the time for that fight, if there was one to be had, was back in the early 2000s. That ship has now long since sailed. Things probably did ramp up too fast with China but now you want to run over all those who have adapted.
And I find it somewhat ironic that Trump or those in his admin seem to be more concerned about wealthy intellectual property owners than soybean or orange farmers.
Go, POTUS,go!

They have already started canceling soy bean contracts, another win for the GOP
Marco is COMPLICIT @GOP gov't of Putin Sold out to drumpt
Of course they have been getting the whole pie while helping them do it
You are still too soft ,you need to be tougher,behave like a hero ,will you ?
My parents are suffering because of How the embassy treated my Native Ametican, husband his people gaurd the 10 coomandments in Colombia.  Darma karma to thst Socialistic enslaving Country
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
Trump is going to Make America starve!
you alls farmers are going to LOVE this.
Too late to change topics.
good ole china...having all phones banned by the military because they are spying through the phones...did the Imwan's help them with that? Where are the blackberries? where is the investigation of the spy ring in congress?
before it is too late, before China gets too big. Before it becomes the next Hitler!
Finally CPC will challenge the Democratic world after the dictator obtains the huge resources and money, you know,there are 1.4 billion of slaves of Chinese controlled by the dictator!
China stopped buying our soy beans they didn't use a tariff. They did that because the man you carry water for opened his mouth and threatened them. Your Republican party. You and all other Republicans who have not stood up to stop him OWN it.
Ever heard of Stromy Daniels?
The future of our globle civilization.
Hey dick, I get $200 extra in my pay check from the tax reform and Alabama power Co are dropping their rates for the people of this state because of their tax. You are just a rino, retire.
Undoubtedly , China has posed deadliest  Threat to USA / EUROPEAN ages old dominance in Trade.
China offers the best quality with affordable pricing to every consumer market globally exposing  USA / EU  convincingly .

Your a scaredy-cat  PODUS to take lead  Be a Republican
What about Trump’s company’s ties to casino development in China? He stands to make billions on this deal.  Wake up Marco!
China just wrote the first chapter. Trump supporters in the mid west are the first causalities. Tired of winning yet?
It appears China has stopped buying soybeans from the US altogether because of trade fight
Yeah, they did.
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
“Remember when you are buying to look for the union label...” and instead we bought cheap Chinese goods. We built the monster and our President and his family all make their products there. And sell them here. That is the problem. And we are now on the wrong side of the deal.
Yes, yet you screwed over our soybean farmers and likely our entire economy by your undying support for the #TrumpCrimeFamily for what reason again?  Because you’re sold to the highest bidder?  Or just spineless? Which is it?
Step up and make a hand! The days of government status quo are long gone. Get busy or go home. Help Trump MAGA and we the people will remember and reward.
Then maybe you shouldn’t have given them more Economic power by voting for a tax cut that added 1.5 trillion to our deficit. Where do you think the mone comes from ? You are so full of it
Locote in your head not to find that criminal trade CHINA communist made Nixon-Kinsseger is unconstitutional for being a traeson to move US plants to produce with tailor-made dumpling and enter US market free of taxes,there not dispute only tax evasion @POTUS just declare nullify
China needs to expand its consumerism.  And I'm sure they will.  Why wouldn't they?
Don’t they own most of our debt?
No. US social security fund, and US bond and treasury note holders are owed the most.
2nd then
GOP just passed a 1.3T Omnibus spending package and a $1T revenue cut..... the future is  the enslavement of all American children to pay this back from their labors.
I think it's already a done deal.  We wouldn't be sending over a to level trade team if it weren't.
Si es como los taxes, la gran venida de capitales americanos de nuevo al pais, incremento de los salarios, estamos bien jodidos Senador.
Por cierto, para cuando es el town hall con sus electores?
How's butt boy McCain,  Marco???
China just installed missiles and radar jamming on the islands they've invaded.

We're going to war soon aren't we?

So block all trade....
"The only thing lacking are the deployed forces. Once occupied, China will be able to extend its influence thousands of miles to the south and project power deep into Oceania."

China could block or hinder world trade by controlling this region.
You are absolutely right.
meanwhile, last night on Fox . . .
How the hell would you know  ?
Little Marco. Interesting a guy with your smarts, questionable actually, using the word 'dispute?'

By choice.
So we’re screwed then, right? Sorry, soybean farmers.
just leave the deal making to the ones who know how  to do Marco - in the meantime how about you tell us WHY YOU COVERED FOR @MarkWarner ENGAGING IN COLLUDING WITH RUSSIANS TO GET DIRT ON TRUMP 

You still ANGRY YOU LOST????
And if Hillary Clinton and the Democrats had Won-China would have buried us--Hillary Clinton and the Democrats do not know how to negotiate themselves out of a wet paper bag! I am very happy we have a president with real world business experience because that's what it takes-
Hey deplorable.
Marco you will be voted out next...you don't want to make America better...we the people aren't as dumb as politicians think days are numbered...
"But what does the Bible say, #BibleBot?"
Go away
Shut up your drunk. I'm sick of you. Pay attention to what is happening with trump. Time to talk about that , you incompetent excuse for Senate representation. Give the NRA money back .
BlueWave2018 are you by any chance related to BlueWall2016? If so, i've been trying to get in touch with the latter, he disappeared in November of that year.  I'm sure you encourage all liberal politicians to return donations from interest groups.
Dude, you are so focused on posting Bible verses and ranting about China, but you hold zero accountability to our own “leader”. You caved to his “Little Marco” bullying. You are no “roll” model.
Not too many soy bean farmers in Florida to worry about, are there. #spineless
SHUT THE HELL UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111
Shut up marco
You are part of this destruction of the US, the destruction of our democracy, and the stealing of money from the low and middle class to the rich. You claim to fear god. You should be scared to death. #fakechristian. #shittysenator
tax scam. gun reform laws, do something for us other than screw with SS and healthcare
And next week you’ll change your narrative on this subject...
The current dispute with @marcorubio and the @NRA is about a lot more than the 2nd Amendment. This is about the future of our children.  It’s the first page of a whole new chapter in the history of U.S -  real Gun Law Reform that will keep our children safe.

#NeverAgain
Chaos at the GOP #GOPComplicit
Looks like the same amount of people that swear Tom Brokaw is a saint
We need #GunReformNow
