Get behind Trump...You, Rubio ...need to get off butt and start supporting Trump. Honestly wonder what you ant Trump Senators afraid of....

Erin CRUZ for US Senate banned from Facebook. Fight back http://tinyurl.com/CrushCorruption  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bbH8tDFYSmpra3h6UHJlakx8MWt2SnBXRU9lQlhHRQLjO-eG0NcTq4vXY5rp6S00L3l_A5ANIMn3ERFL907t …
All show, no go
Please pass the Great America Agenda now! Please stop wasting taxpayers money on mueller investigation when everyone knows criminal Clinton Comey Abedin Podesta need to be in prison
I'm a Dem but there r some Republicans who are good people trying to do the right thing. I thought u were 1 until u gave that impassioned speech about the role public ed played in your life & then voted 2 confirm DeVoss. #VoteThemAllOut
Explain how DeVoss is bad.
Congratulations, Marco you succeed in your mission to destroy the country 
The U.S. Was Just Downgraded from a 'Full' to 'Flawed Democracy'

scott is a good talker, but what has he done for South Carolina (same with nikki haley)? Not much, as SC remains one of da poorest & most backwards states, trump voters there!  rubio is spineless (much like rafael cruz) & NRA front man, kissing-up to trump after trump punked him.
It looks like not everyone is happy about the new Senate rule for children.
I don't understand how people can stand so close to such traitors against this country and not volmit all over you.
Explain how the money I give the nra is blood money.
So my money to the nra is blood money because trump is racists. 

So then I ask. How is trump a racist regime.
Tim do you have children? If you do, they are worth $I.05 to your good friend Marco.
#WWJD @Pontifex https://www.biblestudytools.com/passage/?q=matthew+18:2-6 …

Seeing the two of you working together always gives me hope!



New data shows the Trump administration has separated more than 700 children from their parents since October, including more than 100 children under the age of 4.…
Such a shame that Democrats allowed them to make a life in a country that they didn’t come to legally

A school shooting preempted a Florida high school’s walkout against school shootings https://wapo.st/2qJG08e 
Frauds in stereo.
And no one was shot with an automatic weapon
The soon to be head of NASA:
- Has zero scientific credentials
- Doesn’t believe in man-made climate change 
- Plummeted the Tulsa Air and Space Museum into heavy financial losses by using its money to prop up a failing company that he co-owned. 

What the fuck are you doing?
Tim Scott are you one of Rubio's small circle of friends,?  damn you got to pick better friends everybody knows Rubio is a phony and a fraud and if you lay down with dogs you get up with fleas and he is a dog and not the four-legged good kind.
And just when can we see commonsense gun legislation? Stop with the photo-ops already and do your job.
Define common sense gun legislation. And will it stop mass shootings.
If you don't understand what commonsense gun legislation is by now, with so many explaining it over and over again, I cannot help you.
I think commonsense would have taken less character from your behalf. But I understand if you don’t have an explanation either. No one does.
Actually that is incorrect. I do have ideas but repeating them over and over again is tiring. Here is a tweet about some of the commonsense legislation happening.
For those who keep asking what are "commonsense gun legislations", here are just a few examples. https://twitter.com/shannonrwatts/status/988854976372989952 …
That’s not common sense legislation. That is an infringement of citizens rights combined with repetitive (make me feel good & safe) legislation. Judges already had that power &banning bump stocks won’t slow or limit anything down since u can still fire at the same rate without it
There's an OVC in Florence, @southcarolina - your state! I do not recall your visit here. Correct me if I am W-R-O-N-G.
Shock. Another day not in DC. You guys are an embarrassment.
When are you going to spend time with your constituents? Who do you think got you your job??? We need to dialogue with you!
No memeber of the senate does more to spend time with his constituents then little Marco. Even I got to admit that.
The company you keep is fitting
@ComfortablySmug  Rubio got fat 
What have you done?
Two of a kind. Talk about hypocrites. Pretending to care about people while plotting to decrease their health care, housing, Social Security, food stamps, schools. Giving an enormous part of the Treasury to the ultra rich.
Dem talking points, your a fool.
After reading "your" tweet, I think "you are" the fool...just saying!
