
Away from gain?  Seriously, dude?
So you can remain silent about treason?
Pass gun control.
No. It’s a natural right, that if you do so happen to be triggered by, leave the country and move to Japan. They have gun control there. Good?
It does not become a right, god given or man given, whenyou say it, and it won't help repeat it. It's still a lie. It doesn't say a word about gun ownership in the bible. What it does say is that you should help your fellow man, be compassionate, not greedy and be humble...
A couple of things to account for: I didn’t ever mention that gun control was in the Bible, and that the Bible covers that. But people come to America for their gun rights and other things that America is capable of doing. Just because one mentally fucked up kid (1/2)
I doubt people come to US because of lacking gun control. The rest of the civilized world has gun control AND the result is way less gun violence. When I'm visiting US, its despite of lacking gun control. And - do the math - more than one kid - much
Even the devil can quote scripture.
Yes !.that's what I keep telling people ! The devil,knows, everything in the bible,because,that's,his,job ! I am not a bible thumper but I know what's in the,bible
As Donald said “Little Marco”
You’re sickening!
You quoting the Bible is funny. Where’s the part about taking money from gun lobbyists?
Than give all the PAC and lobbyist money back to the people.
Our father who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy name Thy kingdom come thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil Amen
Are you our Priest or a Senator? Choose one!
It's certainly ok to be both, since most in Congress, especially Democrats are lawyers also, right? Gotta be fair
I’m sorry he’s doing the people business. I don’t need to see a flurry of bible quotes. I want to see action.
Snap out of it.  Grow a pair,  do your job.
Keep you views on 2A. Give up the dollars from the NRA. All the want is to use hate to sell guns.
evil obeys no laws, look what happened in Norway, 7 times larger than Florida massacre.  was the NRA or AR-15s at 911 or the Oklahoma City Bombing?
Govern.
Reverend Pastor Marco Rubio, when did the ordination take place. You didn't even invite any from your base? Wow! How can you be so secretive
If I wanted to read scripture Sen.Rubio I'd grab a bible...
What I do want to read about is your detailed plans for how to make the great state of Florida better.
You can start with gun control...

What is your analogy David?
That animal world should be equipped with quills?
That you can't argue a point without a picture?

I been trying to reach you for months, I have a issue against SSA, since November 2016, a SSA Doctor in California said I was disabled, and still SSA won't pay the benefit. Your Staff won't give you a message to call me. Please call. 
Now in Federal Court.
You are such a pious, ugly, hypocrite.
Thank you, reverend Rubio
It amazes me how all these people posting on this site talk a good talk about compassion and helping others. yet those very people degrade Rubio for his views.   YOU are the hypocrites. If you don't like Rubio, telling him constructively and then maybe people will listen...
Thoughts and prayers is GOP last gasp
Any fool can quote scripture keep take NRA money and watch the blood roll off your hands.
What blood?
Blood of all the kids who have died from AR-15s as he take millions from the NRA. Disgusting
I didn't realize Marco Rubio or the NRA killed any of those kids.
We need to stop selling assault rifles to crazy people. Have a good day
Oh wow he's back. Is there still separation between Church and State? Asking for a friend. TOWN HALL?
Separation of church and state is so misunderstood,misreported, it's not in the Constitution,etc. & is meant to keep the government from mandating a state religion, (like they fled England to escape, reason the country was formed), NOT to keep religion out of govt. read history
He quoted, while simultaneously failing to uphold God’s commandments and Jesus’ teachings.
Which, since you're going to be self righteous and judgmental, be specific
"People who tell themselves, 'Well, yes, Trump is unethical but I'm getting the right SCOTUS justice or regulatory rollback' are kidding themselves. If we lose that tether to the truth, if that stops being the norm at the heart of our public life, what are we?"

#ComeyInterview
You done?
Fake Christian.  Your actions speak louder than words
Still waiting for that tweet that you're not going to take NRA money anymore
Praying this along side you in Jesus’s name. 
And away from gain (other then the 3.3 mil from the @nra)
Did you say Gain? Then give back all that NRA $$$$$ you gained!!!

Well adverting your eyes from gain might mean declining those NRA contributions. Averting your eyese from what is worthless has so many possible options in this environment. But you certainly don’t seem focused on the right things like for instance real gun violence safety
Y VENEZUELA ? Mas sanciones inservibles? Please Marco, échanos la mano. Tu eres cubano y ni Cuba a llevado tanto palo como Venezuela. Es una emergencia y además los Narcos seguiran haciendo de las suyas porque hasta el respeto les han perdido.
Listen to this guy......away from gain ?...this guy is funny...I guess NRA money is not worthless...
Do we pay your ridiculously exorbitant salary for you to use your platform to push religious bullshit onto people? Heard of separation of church and state? #DoYourFuckingJob instead.
AMENNNNNNNNNNNN!
I am not interested in mixing theology with government. Most of the GOP have done reprehensible things spouting god as their co-signer.
That's why you looked away from liberty city and the others?
Stop taking money from the NRA then.
“Direct my votes towards the @NRA, and away from my constituents. Avert my eyes from the thousands of innocent lives lost, and by your way give me riches.” There, @marcorubio, I fixed it for you.

False equivalency. No one wants to ban guns  altogether, we just want sensible gun laws. Learn to think critically.
that is what i thought and makes sense, but that is not what many of those sign the millennials were carrying at the march for our lives protest
according to him, "our parents" or generation X or college admission advisors are "old ass" and don't know how to use a democracy
As an “old ass” I am not offended by this at all. My generation is guilty of a lot of political indifference.
Have a good Monday Senator Rubio! May God bless you today and every day!
THANK YOU FINALLY SOME POSITIVITY
Stop hiding behind the Bible and pandering like a dick.

Grow up and do your job.
UK isn’t doing so well with their gun control laws. Let’s keep our 2nd Amendment intact. Pelosi takes money from delta the dog killer and Facebook spies.
Shut up with your fairytale psycho-babble. Take a hint from Ryan and get lost.
This is so inappropriate. You're a disgrace.

You’re full of shit.  - Tony 4:20
Amen!
O God, ease our suffering in this, our moment of great dispair. Yea, admit this kind and decent woman into thy arms of thine heavenly area, up there. And Moab, he lay us upon the band of the Canaanites, and yea, though the Hindus speak of karma, I implore you: give her a break.
Have you ever read Howard Thurman's excellent book “Jesus and the Disinherited” which is very short and can easily be read in one day. I recommend it highly to all people of faith.
Please stop with the phony Christian quotes. Is that the best you’ve got?  How about how you are going to help your constituents?
STOP you are a FAKE
Love it because this is the king of kings words. Nothing else can bring inner piece the way that his grace and mercy can. Amen Marco Rubio.
Need more Christian leadership in our government.
Nice job today in greeting President
#Hypocrite
Give me a break.
Every time you post this drivel an angel dies . . . your choice.
Yes preach the same message over and over where ever you go. God bless people like you.
The greedy Republicans should read this after giving themselves a tax cut in billions and increasing the debt by trillions.
It is the testimonies of an infinite torturer devil  mass murderer devil.
Jesus and Satan are PRETEND. God is PRETEND.
Are you kidding? Do you even read your own posts? All of this from the man who is only interested in his own gain.
I'm happy you read scripture...just keep it to yourself.  You are expected to legislate, not preach.
Why all the bible quotes?
DO SOMETHING RUBIO! #floridavotes
I'm a permanent green card holder. The minute I hear you're running for the presidency, I'm running out and becoming a citizen so I can vote for you!
Gracias por mantaner tu  conviccion con valor y humilidad.
Make damn sure you support President Trump 100% or watch out next election cycle.  Your constituents are watching you!
You gotta stop doing this man. God is gonna smack you around.
#NRABloodMoney
stop just stop! You are ridiculous! There are not enough prayers to rescue you for not advocating for an assault weapons ban!
When is you term over.?   I can’t wait
Live by what you preach.
Amen!!! I love this verse!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jesus is my savior too.  I was going to say we shouldn’t be telling everyone.  Then I am reminded that if we are ashamed of him he will be ashamed of us.  Preach on Marco but maybe you need to change jobs and be a pastor.  Just saying time and place?
Please retire
PHONY.  Public piety is not morality or goodness.  You are a self-serving empty suit.  A big bag of feathers.
It’s a great study!
Hypocrisy
22 Many will say to me on that day, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and in your name drive out demons and in your name perform many miracles?’ 23 Then I will tell them plainly, ‘I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!’
Matthew 7:22-23 -
Your god is the nra!
Away from gain huh? That is funny
Matthew 6:1
I was planning on leaving you alone but you don’t have a heart or eyes or a brain for that matter you’re just leftover orange crap!
Marco, learn from the Osteens and make the world a better place.
and what does this mean to you as Marco? or as Representative Rubio? 
You received thousands of testimonies from hurt children and adults alike yet you still take worthless gains. I suggest you spend more time pondering your scripture tweets.
I wait to see what James Comey will testify to.
I just love Psalm 119. Thank you for sharing that passage.

We know exactly what u r
Are you ever planning to actually follow what you love to preach on Twitter?
Hypocrite
Jesus can’t save you, you piece of garbage.
Would you shut up.
Am en
.....
No thank you.
STFU already with this BS. BTW, when you stated "Direct my heart... away from gain" did you mean NRA money?
Freak!
Oh, how we’ve missed your sanctimonious and woefully hypocritical #BibleWiki quotes. We’d like to avert our eyes from what is worthless too: your words.
After Presidential debate, in which Donald Trump would not commit to honoring the results of November’s election, Hillary Clinton slammed him for “undermining the pillar of our democracy.”

Too bad Mr Rubio can't keep his preaching at the pulpit and his duties as a Congressman seperate.
Representation is what he was Elected to do.Just
Another distraction
I assume you are asking God to help you be directed away from gain- away from the acceptance of NRA money Listen to what he is telling you then! WWJD? Jesus would not support assault rifles, he would do everything in his power to embrace Parkland students, lessen their suffering
One of my favorite Psalms.
Owys.frined.know.your.clood
Owys.know.mike.up.homeboye..life.great
Owys.friend.beast.tro.bro.     http://fovery.one 
http://Owys.much.love .hre.kbow.bro.homeboye
Owys.keep.hre.great.muchNow.    peron.kick.
Bravo. With a SMILE.
When are you going to host a town hall? I'm still not a paid protestor as you so cynically stated when you got re-elected.
Is this in Chile??? Your not taking the money or the bank loan???
Oh, away from gain!?!?
Omg will you stop?
Go away
Oh, if you insist.
“And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full.”
Matthew 6:5
How much money did you take from the NRA? You didn’t look the right way Ruby.
Please, you gonna make me puke!
Apply that Verse to Assault Weapons Ban
Seriously?And this thinks will help you for taken money from the Terror group NRA?Clean your soul from the blood money you took?For lies and acceptance kids get hunted in schools with assault weapons? In God we Trust,sure,maybe God forgives,the people you shall serve never!
$1.05 #WeSeeYou
Stop quoting scripture because you NEVER practice what they mean because you are a fraud
I see your Copy and Paste still works.
Man, you seriously have to stop setting yourself up for ridicule
If we avert our eyes from what is worthless we won't be able to see Marco Rubio anymore. 

NRA grade  A
No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money. Matthew 6:24

#NeverAgain
#MSDstrong
VoteForOurLives 
Do you ever stop tweeting from the bible and HELP ANYONE?
Love that you dwell on the Good Word, it's your posts not put on by other people in your Org.  God Bless!!
And he left them and went out of the city, into Bethany, and he lodged there. Matthew 21:17
Senator, those who love to hate are far from God fearing. Quoting scripture makes sense to those of us with faith in Jesus. To those who are a part of the God booing crowd, their miserable lives prevent them from finding peace and joy in life.
Thanks for your Bible quotes they should give pause and inspiration to those that read them

Never ignore victims - medicine is our right and our worthiness - love is value - evidence is legal - murder is not - you are a rainbow - we are worth it - recover - that engine will redeem
Thank you Marco for always reminding me of God’s word!
If you need reminding, turn to God, not a politician spouting Sacred Scripture to impress voters that taking money from crooked special interests is forgivable.
You may as well build an altar to Putin.
“Away from gain!!” Guess that doesn’t apply to you Mr @NRA gives u millions. #hypocrite
Scripture is a beautiful thing Senator, except when it is quoted by hypocrites such as yourself.
Yeah, that worked. I feel so much better now.
Why are you doing this? I’d rather you take a leadership position and exhibit courage in this time of national despair.
Rubio: You are boring. Devoid of imagination, principle, honor and dignity. 

Get some 80-grit paper and scrub hard. See if you can get any of the NRA stain off of yourself.

If that works, get an acetylene torch and see if you can get the Trump Bootlicker brand off too.

Futile.
Senator Rubio, I respect your faith but I am able to read my bible on my own. What I want to hear from you is, what are you doing to help save our party from the potential for lasting damage from the current leadership?
Amen brother!
How about instead of pushing garbage you do your job?
Amen!!
Live it, don’t recite it...
So all of a sudden you think praying will help keep you in your seat, it won’t you will still be voted out of office
white noise!
Ezekiel 16:21
"You slaughtered My children and offered them up to idols by causing them to pass through the fire.
#NRAisATerroristOrganization
It just feels like your pre-repenting.  For what?
Stop, this is no time for you to be playing Godly Christian. Leave Christian's out your mouth "BE GONE lil marco  DEMON" 
You are a fraud.
You missed your calling, Senator. Maybe you should retire and start a church. You might not like being a pastor, though, since you would have to meet with parishioners and show up for every service.
Violating the establishment clause of the first amedment, by using the free exercise clause of the same.
Didn't you make a joke about Trump's dick on national television?
Away from gain?  Like the money you take from tbe NRA?
At that time the disciples came to Jesus, saying, “Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?" ..."Truly, I say to you, unless you turn and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven." Matthew 18:1-3
Thank you and God Bless You, Sir!
When the hell are you guys (and others!!) going to come out and support Trump!!  it is being PROVEN daily that Mueller's operations is nothing less that a cover-up scheme to protect Obama and Clinton!!  Surprisingly,   Comey is showing the way!!!!
Explain that please? What does it mean?
Quit preaching and do your job. After the mid terms who will you have for a friend?
If you would “avert your eyes from what us worthless” you’d change party
(To nra) Direct your money to my bank account. Avert my eyes from all gunshot victims. rubio 4:16
ZERO USA citizens should be in prison or jail for marijuana marijuana EVER!
Boy..do you feel righteous.
Matthew 7:26 buddy...you are the man who built his house on sand...just like the @GOP. #VoteThemOut2018 #BlueWaveComing2018
Senator God bless you
I hate to give @realDonaldTrump credit for anything, but today in Florida he did prove the fact, LITTLE MARCO. You sad, silly, little butt much.
$1.05
Avert my eyes away from my constituents who want to hold a town hall meeting about gun reform because I am bought and sold by the NRA
"If I only had a brain." -- The Scarecrow (The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum, 1900)
Stop it!! Try acting like a Christian first before you quote scripture ...... parting thought .... you could easily describe Jesus’s acts and words as a socialist.
May the blue wave wash your pompous tweets away the NRA blood off your hands 11-06-18
Fake Christian. If you want to be perceived as religious, then act as Jesus would. Backing guns and war and hurting the poor in Cuba is not Jesus like.
