Killing mothers, raping and killing  Youngest daughter of the deceased, this kind of thing shows off on WeChat. This is a miniature of the CCP's  dogs. The phenomenon of evil is manifested in the culture of the evil regime. These dogs  who mix in the crowd to persecute the people
中国的军工科技也停产了，中国的企业，他们一直在剥削自己国家的人民，也不会对其他人善良的，所以支持打击中兴和华为，你们更应该制裁 阿里巴巴
剥削你妈？你可真是一个大傻逼，水军都跑这儿来了……
丢脸
You are one of a FEW politicians in the US who really knows the CCP's regime. You HAVE TO voice loudly so an overall attitude change to US-CCP relationship can be realized. CCP is the enemy against the freedom and order of the whole world. Chinese people SUFFER enough from CCP!
exactly
exactly!!! anyone chinese company can't say no to chinese government, unfortunetly, the chinese government is a very bad guy!!!
Chinese government has 100% control over its people and companies. Even in US, most Chinese who already became US citizens dare not to stand up against Chinese government because they will hold your family o and friends in China as hostage.
Chinese government has 100% control over its people and companies. Even in US, most Chinese who already became US citizens dare not to stand up against Chinese government because they will hold your family o and friends in China as hostage.
Too kind to let go of Huawei, They deserve at least the same punishment if not worse than ZTE!

WeChat and Alibaba should be punished next! They are a member of evil ccp,doing the same evil things!
They must be stopped!
我的微信账号可能就是因为在群里转发文贵的视频才会被屏蔽了朋友圈以及部分功能的吧……
我的推特视频刚刚也不能看了…了
支持打击zte和huawei
Complete agree!

Everything is controlled by the government, there is no privacy, no freedom, only violations
I was ever intimidated by someone on FB due to my opinion against communism regimes. Hence I dare to conclude that Facebook, Youtube(Google) and Twitter have been degraded into the accomplices of communist regimes. Immediate actions should be taken to restore freedom of speech.
Twitter已经被共产主义渗透了，用户应该享有更自由的环境。
ZTE and HUAWEI are modern versions of Trojan Horses
zte and huawei are just a company do bussiness within bussiness.Nothing to do with other problems
朋友！你说得非常对。
huawei builded a wall, which stop Chinese get into INT ,stop them got the facts！
Huawei is a total CCP espionage institute & international criminal organization, & represents the worst of the CCP’s dark power. For every just punishment that ZTE has received, Huawei deserves 100 folds of that.
Huawei should be destroied
No one cares what you think!!!
Can't Ever Trust The Communists!
And Microsoft? How about chips in mobiles across the world that allow the NSA and CIA to spy on EVERYONE.
private enterprises. There are also WeChat and Alibaba. It is definitely an accomplice of the CCP.
Sir: As Chinese people tell you, ZTE and Huawei are military enterprises of the Chinese Communist Party, but they are dressed in the coat

Too kind to let go of Huawei, They deserve at least the same punishment if not worse than ZTE!

WeChat and Alibaba should be punished next! They are a member of…
Yeah. So lets tariff steel. JEEZ.
Tencent, Alibaba, Huawei, ZTE, BOE, JD,Tianma Microelectronics, Lenovo, Inspur are all under the CCP's control. U.S. government should raise the alert. We Chinese believe that to protect U.S. government is to protect our future.
We are too lax about the communist threat. @USArmy ridiculously used China-made drone and then had a security wake-up call.

How can we stop this at this point? Geez
Senator, is that anything like the FBI demand that Apple open iPhones during the San Bernardino terrorist attack?
Same thing is true of #SaudiArabia and it's growing control of US govt telecommunications via SoftBank.   Not hearing any concern about that even though Saudi's took down our towers and Chinese did not.
That is a problem, we have a problem too.  We have politicians that sell out our children and American lives for $1.05 to gain profit so they can buy nice shoes and win elections.   Do you know whom I’m speaking of Marco??      Let this jog your memory.
Siguen los dictadores asesinando los periodistas por la verdad
VIDEO FUERTE, momento en el que esbirros de #DanielOrtega matan al periodista Ángel Gahona mientras daba cobertura a las protestas en Bluefields #Nicaragua. Se escucha claramente el disparo que le…
The problem with the USA is that the Congress tries to force the justice department to investigate and shut down the people investigating the corruption in the administration while ignoring the clear crimes and ethical violations of the cabinet. And your ties to Russia & the NRA!
Thanks, Marco.
Wise action for the US this time! Keep up with the good work!  America (democracy) cannot lose the iWar.
Oh hey! A cool article from WSJ.. Wanna read the article? Pay up!
去你妈美國，中國就是做乞丐，也决不向美国霸权低头，美国请从中國滚出去，别忘了带上库克
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Never believe them！

Picture in the text: 
Our party's idea of ruling the country relies only on one character, and deceives！
Civilization is too long, easy to ignore the existence of evil. Let us immediately awaken the American people, unite all the civilizations in the world and destroy the CCP's evil political group!

Reagan what forces destroyed the huge Soviet empire? 

Never believe the CCP!
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

They condone the influx of fentanyl into the United States and poison the people. This is a war！

The CCP is becoming like a Nazi！
Do you ever actually do anything but talk. Why not stop the BS and back ban Assault weapons now
Tencent, Alibaba, Huawei, ZTE, BOE, JD,Tianma Microelectronics, Lenovo, Inspur are all under the CCP's control. U.S. government should raise the alert. We Chinese believe that to protect U.S. government is to protect our future.
And their phones suck!
you must kill the CCP or split it, otherwise, the would will be destroyed by the CCP devil.
Totally∼
People waiting on ambulances for 30 minutes/ EMS 'understaffed and overworked' is this a 3rd world country? NO. It's Voluisa County. Fix it and Fit it NOW. https://www.facebook.com/volusiafire/?hc_ref=ARTAY_7XOP48o3aBY3a2d6M7DdZqpYZeJP5nhhjPsOXWCpyU-3Ckb8xGNBqEspJsTkI&fref=nf …
This will destroy the ecosphere of chips, operation systems, which built by US companies. Now, any other country would not be comfortable without their own system or chips.
Juan Gaspar-García a 22 yr old man with Downs & diabetes was arrested by ICE on Tuesday. He is a refugee from Guatemala. Juan doesn’t know what is being done to him or why. Rubio you need to help him or be branded a Nazi. We aren’t Nazis. America is great when America is good.
Under CCP autocracy, We have to suspect that most if not all of the Chinese companies and people will have no choice but to comply. For the sake of our national security, we probably should stop technology trading with China, stop accepting Chinese students in science majors.
How much money have and your wife spent at Trump's properties???
And still you've done nothing
Any companies who exchange with  communists of china for interest  deserve to be penalized by the us laws  , American govs have always been so kind to communist china ,that was really a shame !More and more people who love freedom struggle against communist govs ,please help them
Ali express are widely used by American consumers, wechat is also very popular by Asian community in US. I have no doubt the user information are stored and extracted by the companies and sent to ccp. We need to ask these two companies, they need to be punished.
Believe the authorities having evidence of their evil acts. Do right thing at right time!
Huawei/ZTE/Tencent/Alibaba/...have been contributing to this
China's Xi says internet control key to stability https://reut.rs/2qNp0Pc 
MR,RUBIO, you should know Chinese strategy is group thieves, not only ZTE, HUAWEI, Alibaba, Tecent are thieves too.
US cant win these companies, then came up with so many dirty ways to compete, but still US will lose anyway.
Treating the evil CCP cannot be treated with a kind heart. They will change a coat to continue to deceive the United States and poison the world!
Rubio look in the mirror and you'll see a National threat of unrepresenting the people.
Senator Rubio the people of Nicaragua need your help. Please help them #SOSNicaragua
,@JuanManSantos va ayudar a SANTRICH con el cuento de que esta muy grave lo sacan de la cárcel y allí se da la fuga y decirle a la DEA que se fugó... esa es la única salida que tiene JMS para ayudar a sus camaradas de las FARC
Guo Wengui will leak more important secrets from Kleptocratic China, he is the gift from God for America and the whole world
Telecommunications cannot exist outside the control of the bandwidth providers and satellite relay systems, We can hear gravity waves, from a billion light years away, but can't tell if a phone is communicating with China? Selling BS-based fear-mongering to suckers.
Countdown to Marco saying that it's not actually such a big problem at all in
3
2
1..
The problem is actually that @MarcoRubio is just talking out of his ass, and has no idea how this works. Florida, you can do better.
a national security threat was when Russia affected our elections but u don't care about that
March18, 2018, Freer Union of China proposed "no in no out" activity. Call all democratic countries to establish the law to resist all Chinese tech-company in if CPC resists IT companies like Google, YouTube, Twitter etc. come into China freely. So does to finance companies.
So you are saying that the government cellphone i have is from the COMMUNIST!?
Stinking Capitalist caused this people.
Hey #NarcoDubio, no scriptures? No bible quotes? Feeling cocky enough to say something without quoting the christian bible in disrespect of all other religions and beliefs?
A charity for those who need it the most, I'm raising funds to help grandpas at our community hospital. #Venezuela #Crisis #Donate #Help
#KeepAmericaSafe
TIENE TODA LA RAZON SENADOR. SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA Y GRACIAS POR SU APOYO Y PREOCUPACION POR NUESTRO PAIS
Marco or is it Pablo u need to start worrying about gun control laws 2 protect our kids from massacres by guns instead of globe trotting + running 4 President.American taxpayers pay your salary. Get home and do your job
China only does State controlled Capitalism. It is called FASCISM.
In China, private companies of almost all sizes are under the supervision of the government. Many of them are supported by the government or elites, or even are agents, because they have no choice but to rely on the government to develop and survive.
For ZTE, it's not even a "private company". According to a Chinese site (not verified ) it's called "private and national ownership"
What about Russia 
I am beyond thankful that you are in the fight Senator Rubio
What about Iphones made in China?
Señor Senador Marco Rubio en nombre de mi pais Nicaragua le pido acepte mi denuncia en contra de Daniel Ortega y su esposa que actualmente con ayuda de la policia y el ejercito estan matando y reprimiendo al pueblo
US spys on its citizens as well. Don't be a hypocrite and end spying on US citizens and general surveillance programs.
Indeed
This is absolutely a counterintelligence issue the US needs to keep a close eye on. Stay vigilant @USSenate
Japanese are doing it too, as are the French and the Israelis, ostensibly our allies. #counterintelligence
I'm really confused, how and why would AT&T, T-Mobile etc, be asked by the PRC to deny service to paying clients who use Huawei phones in the U.S.? Couldn't they just bypass the network entirely by secretly sending recordings of the conversations via a built in phone mechanism?
Ridic. Get rid of Trump.

You should support  the president to block other commie tech companies and dismantle their great firewall!
Rubio is much bigger threat to America than China ever will be of the Beast!!
The real problem is $3.3M from the NRA.  So disappointing - too beholden to gun lobby to do what is right.  Such a shame.
Um, isn't Russia's interference in our election a national security threat? Why aren't the GOP doing a damn thing about that? #complict #cowardGOP
HERE'S A GOP THREAT:
TRUMP
23 INDICTMENTS
5 GUILTY PLEAS
FLYNN
MANAFORT
GATES
PAPADOPOLOUS
VAN DER ZWANN
OLEG DERIPASKA
KONSTANTIN KILIMNIK
ERIK PRINCE
KUSHNER
TRUMP JR.
CARTER PAGE
ROGER STONE
CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA
GUCCIFER 2.O
BROIDY
MICHAEL COHEN
HANNITY
But the P20 Pro is an absolute beast. Totally worth it.
Those smartphones are surely underpriced and having huge demand. I must go through the net.
@Apple will have to do the same, if requested by the US
Hi Marco, actually, all Chinese are ZTE. They kidnapped their relatives in China to force them. Warm to Trump, trade sanctions won't work fundamentally. The only way is to overthrow CCP.  Here is a roadmap.
It is a tremendous national security threat to US. The Government must combat it.
Your Xenophobia is showing.  You know what the real and present threat to national security is?  Trump and the GOP.
When’s your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
Remember that Huawei, ZTE are started by Chinese government agent anyway, just they don’t wear government badges. They are in fact “government companies “, there are many such companies like these in China. Just look how soon and how big and strong they can become in short time
Is it just the Chinese government that drives China's economic development so fast
You can say so at the cost of ordinary peasants pain
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO DO TO HELP PUERTO RICANS WHO CAME HERE.  TRUMP CARES LESS AND YOU SPOUT BIBLE VERSES.  THESE ARE ANERICANS.
As is the GOP.
This is not an assumption, but it has actually happened. The Chinese communists have used the Confucius Institute, the Xinhua News Agency, the People's Daily, ZTE, Huawei, and the American Chinese in order to penetrate the United States.
Prayers and thoughts hypetcrit
You nailed it, Senator. So-called Chinese high-tech companies are nothing but the “white gloves” through which China steals the technologies from the civilized world.
Ban the damn guns!!!!
It is a dangerous security thread to whole freedom world, thank you Marco!
Kind of like our old copiers used to do for the CIA...
This is why you need to push to balance the budget..we owe China...payoff the National dept asap stilop trumps spending on the wall.. And sound proof booths
The Communist Party of China is a devil. It harms the United States.
It is sometimes confused what we are talking about when we are talking about "China". In most of the cases, we are talking about the PARTY, not the country. The regime is the PARTY. There is a different China besides the PARTY and was made invisible by the PARTY.
President Trump should consider banning USA companies from helping chicom with the great firewall, which is the greatest trade barrier.
Shut up Judas Rubio
Where do you think the money the NRA contributes comes from!?!?
These communists cant be trusted! They have a dictator. 99.9% of the country si run by the .1%. They are corrupt mf!
...adding to that and to make it worst it’s important for our government to know or come with a longterm strategy to deal with more than 20k Chinese considered “SPIES” wandering in American soil!
#WakeUpAmerica
.. I liked Huawei
We won't forget
Btw toll is now up to 20, let's worry about that...why not a federal bill funding private security for every public school..you can start by donating your 3.3 million from the #NRA you received 
Why does that matter now? They can simply buy the access or data through Facebook. or is it cause the investments you possess would be hurt by competition? How about you allow access but you actually hold someone accountable if they don’t comply you know how we used to do things!
So: they haven't offered you money. Apparently, That is your real priority.
I sincerely hope there is a God. Would guarantee you an eternity in hell.
If you put aside ur political biased you’d realize the top military leaders say China is our number one threat.  If you put aside ur political bias you’d realize the new National security focuses on great power competition like China. 
Our greatest threat is trump who thinks China can be played.
They can be played.  Unless you want gays electrocuted, dogs eaten, terrible human rights and racism because that will happen if China is the dominate superpower.  Google about to be retired Admiral Harry Harris has to say about China.   He is the next Australia ambassador
Huawei also has its hands in the “sell-stuff-to-NK-via-proxy” cookie jar. No doubt about it. They are just one step ahead of ZTE in covering traces. Keep digging and monitoring and you’re bound to find incriminating evidences.
iPhone is big threats to China national security…
Please don’t use it
Q opinas de esto @MarcianoCast
Q ooibaa
That is true but US can/does same with National Security Letters and other backdoor capabilities. US has every right to deny China access but lets not be hypocrites about it.
but he is the "good" guy, so it's ok when he does it..
Another dangerous national security threat is that we have politicians accepting large sums of money from the NRA.  Doesn't our children being shot and killed at their place of education pose a "national security threat?"  Mr. NRA?
Since when are you concerned with National Security???
Give it up little marco
But you continue to ignore the threat we have in the White House.  trump being blackmailed by Putin and working with him to destroy our Country.  Stop acting like you are not party over Country, #NRABloodMoney over lives, trump over God.  You can't hide it with Bible quotes.
If you're useless and you know it....clap your hands
Dude, resign. You're pathetic and a lost soul.
You know what could fix this? Some good old fashioned regulations. But I bet regulating this wouldn't pay you to well

I don’t think the math is there for this November.  Did anyone post specifics?
