This is how i feel about all your morning bible quotes. You sir are the fool.
are you pissed because bill clinton is not first lady?
I'd rather have anyone than Trump. He has made a complete mockery of what we held a president to be. You happy with our president being the biggest joke in the world?
we dont have trump alone ... he does not act it, but he knows there is no i in the word team
do you even make sense

you can't even tweet back truthful pictures. This is why i feel bad for you guys. You won the election , yet you  can't admit he lost the popular vote and you can't admit he has turned USA into the Joke of the world.
if anyone should complain about the electoral college it is the GOP.  California gets 55 votes.  If all four corner states combined and voted for Trump and just California voted for Hillary.  Hillary would win
GOP Senators who take money from the NRA, take no delight in sensible gun legislation, only in being Wayne Lapierre’s bitch. 
Hypocrites 29:738
The NRA is not in Norway.  The shooting their was 7 times larger than the one in Florida.  Why didn't March for our lives happen after Orlando during Obama's presidency?
I think we should have marched. The only difference is I can guarantee that the president at the time would have supported the March.
you could have done it after the Gabrielle Gifford's shooting, the Aurora Movie theater shooting, Sandy Hook, Orlando (heck during Bill Clinton's presidency you could have done it after Columbine.
So what’s your point? We are doing it now. And there will be more shootings and we will continue to ask for common since gun control. There will probably be republican and Democrats in office and we will probably still be advocating for common since.
evil obeys no laws, look the NRA is not in Norway, the massacre in Norway was 7 times larger than the one at the Florida High School and it was in another nation where gun laws are even stricter than they are here
So you are looking at one event and not looking at the fact that in norway there are less gun deaths. If we had the amount of gun deaths they have I would not be protesting.
the Aurora Movie Theater hours before his rampage telephoned his psychiatrist.  James' psychiatrist was too busy to call back before he went on his rampage
Let’s add 1Tim 6 in the mix. It pretty much sums up the GOP and their followers in a perfect package.
this is very important. i will be waiting for your reply ...who is Ruth and who is Esther?
Those women have nothing to do with this verse. Not sure why you would even want to get into a theological discussion, unless you feel I should be submissive to men, which in my opinion, they were working under that and surviving. Prolly won’t con’t this convo.
no i have just heard "oh the Bible is just a book written and about men" ... nope
No, written BY men. You need to learn a little more scripture me thinks. Ruth and Esther didn’t write those books.
Ruth wrote a book
open a bible, there is a chapter entitled Ruth
Rrriiiight. https://www.insight.org/resources/bible/the-historical-books/ … Telling me to open a Bible is pretty hysterical, if you actually knew anything about my life. But that’s okay. I will let ya keep digging a hole. I got sucked in again. Just do you, buddy.
Why are you tweeting witchcraft spells? Are you schizophrenic?
Hello
I ... just... can't ... stop... laughing. #irony
Staaaap
Time and time again you demonstrate yourself to be a fool. Ah, but one with lots of NRA cash in your pockets.
Is this an autobiography?
Their knowledge of scripture, for example..
#libertarian lol
#libertarian lol It may be prudent to become informed prior to voting, in general...
https://youtu.be/BbHHVdrDG_k 
And you are doing a great at being that fool, whom is helping bring our Democratic system down#jumpoffabridge
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God. Matthew 5:9 #GunLawsNow
Dude, I think your staff is pranking you with all of these self referential bible quotes.
Hypocrite
True
You have summed up your party perfectly. Thank you
in the year 2000 the GOP was in the house, people grew tired of the GOP and gave the dems a turn and elected Obama in 2008.  People again grew tired and now its the GOPs turn again  ....suck it up
What a shallow assessment. This is not the old GOP. These are traitors. Put your country first. Sad day when Fox News runs the country
Thanks for being a City upon a Hill.  
Always remember: Matt. 5:10
Where r u on national reciprocity
Liiiiiike most demagogues? I prefer, 1 samuel 16:7, since we're cherry picking verses.
Shot yourself (and the entire @GOP in the foot with that verse, huh?
A little self reflection in this tweet bud?
Sounds like you are talking about our current president.
#BanTheGuns

reading your scriptures thanks for a great job! You had the panhandle Bible Belt
This sounds like Trump ... send him this verse Marco!
Comey no puede hacer tanto daño a un Pais atacando con mentiras al Presidente y uds los Republicanos permitirlo, no los entiendo Senador??
Did that come to you while you were looking in the mirror?
So... you’re talking about yourself again???
TRUMP
That's what I think.
Yep
Senator, respectfully we  lost 2 officers in Gilcrest Co just  today.  Can you please educate us on
1) what is being done to fix the holes in NICS 
2) gun  reform to the state through legislation?
I am sorry but prayers do only go so far. Talk to us.
Another student simply trying to go to school in Florida has already been shot in the ankle already today. It is  only 10:04am.
Finally showing some self awareness there Marco, good job!

Good job.

marco is not fake ..joel olsteen is
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2018/04/more-on-income-inequality.html …
By definition sir then you are a FOOL .
No entiendo Sen.Rubio xque la democracia de USA permite que todo traidor y oportunista tenga cabida para hacer fama. Comey un farsante !!
If any policians,NSA,DIA,FBI agents,any US Citizens,former Presidents of USA or Israel intelligence or British intelligence see something wrong from Trump who try to unify two Korea as Communism, say something to Robert Muller's team Special.counsel@usdoj.gov
Thank you reverend Rubio. But aren’t you a U.S. Senator. Church and state. We the people 2018.
Sounds like someone's been looking in a mirror and doing some soul searching. Too bad you don't have one to find.
Marco, read that passage until you get it. You are so completely identified as the fool.
Thanks for identifying yourself.
Really Rubio, you r teaching the bible.
Sen you have been quite on Pruitts behavior. You are the light of the GOP, speak up...
AMENNNNNNNNNN!
Fools listen to NRA!
Marco, push for the USA to improve our relationships with Mexico and Latin America. Let's not the Enemy to take over them through economics.
How you treat the least of thee
C'mon. This has to be posted by somebody trolling you. Do you not see yourself in this? You show understanding but no spine to do the right thing and then you spew these amazingly ignorant talking points occasionally. makes me wonder about your sanity. Why don't U do what's right
As much as I like Proverbs, this from you, with your record, is VERY James Comeyesque. Don't do it.
...so... you are saying you're a fool?!
Yay u know the Bible it sure hasn’t helped your honesty! You feel you need to show deference to Trump?? After all the crap he said about you.. Stand up for yourself all you Senators and Congressman have turned into Trump puppets it’s sure not going to earn you any votes!
Looks as if you choose a Scripture that speaks volumes of you and the GOP! You all see what Trump is doing to this country, and like fools you all take no delight in understanding it’s wrong, but yet, are complicit in what he’s doing! Hypocrite!
Kind of like saying someone is a bad choice to lead NASA and then voting to confirm him?  But only a raging asshole would do that kind of thing, so.....
Good thought for all of time.  Hunker in your bunker, the storm will get far worse before it gets better.
II Peter 3:3 First of all, you must understand that in the last days scoffers will come, scoffing and following their own evil desires.
..and that would be most politicians, sad to say. :-(
Send this to CNN etc
Coward, vote him out
#NRAWhores take no delight in the saving of children, but only in prostrating themselves before the loaded Member of Wayne LaPierre for 30 pieces of silver. . .

Hypocrites 26:13
When  you mccain and graham  met al bagdaddy did he see bat shit crazy

Understanding is too high for a fool. God bless you. 

#Truth  

…
Thank you Senator Rubio for your love for Gods.word and for your service to our country.. Reading these tweets from others is so very sad. The hatred screams out from all sides. Try to have a blessed day.
Yea? Then when an old man tells you he stumped for your initial run you should probably just thank him and not joke that he committed voter fraud...that happened Marco.
Funny that description sounds so much like the definition of a Democrat. Coincidence?? I think not..
Keep it going Marco!
Great message for Trump.
Good discription of the president
Hey Marco, maybe you should read the Bible verses you post before you post them. Just sayin
LOL! It seems #Omnipresent #Omniscient God of the Bible knew about Twitter thousands of years ago. 
A perfect quote for @realDonaldTrump. You need to help the GOP stand up to this bully. The first brave senator will be the GOP nominee in 2020. Will it be you? Right now Jeff Flake is looking pretty good!
SOUNDS LIKE TWITTER!!!!
president trump
i have to wonder if you really know what this means do you really understand what you are putting out there I wont judge you on this, but i know you will be judged when its your time. i pray you are ready! find the path & walk it @marcorubio
Por que mezclas  la religión  con la politica trabaja
Bend the knee to God. Stop spouting Biblical platitudes
Message for all of our days,,,
Thanks for staying in the word brother
You quote a scripture about fools and yet you support trump.....can you see the irony Marco......
Fools sit idly by while their habitat is destroyed and their value system torn down while in silence they delight in power and opression of truth.
OK.  This one is funny.  It should be the new @GOP slogan.
You post this re: yourself?
@marcorubio ironic that this describes you.  Enjoy being a private citizen after the next election.
Your talking about the republican lawmakers right now ..... right ?
So you've gained insight into your own behavior. Bravo!
愚昧人不喜愛明哲，只喜愛顯露心意。
You're pretty much a Rino Marco.
Such irony!
So why don’t you then back President completely. I think you need to actually take the chance to make USA the place it should be you won’t get another chance with a PC flakey President. Use Trumos strengths and make it all work
Hi
That’s a good one -
What policy does this pertain to? Did Florida elect you preacher or Senator?
are you serious
Right on!
Yes, you do that quite a lot.
Fools such as @realDonaldTrump? Too bad you don’t have the VAG to stand up to him!
There is no more dangerous menace to 
civilization than a government of incompetent,
corrupt, or vile men.
Lol!!! That is so funny! Because it totally describes you! You just described yourself. The stupidity is amazing!!!!
Help your brother in need, don't ignore the plight of the people that helped you before...help Puerto Rico. Common Sense 1:01
Awful lot of pagans on the comments...
Replace “Fools” with “Democrats” and it still works.
Sounds like your talking about POTUS.

Is this basically the @GOP mantra right now? Fools who have no interest in understanding anything, but lecture and preach to everyone?
Perfect description of Trump. Thanks for the reminder. Get your head out of his ass “Little Marco”. Don’t put yourself on the wrong side of history.
Cc: @davidhogg111
You’re the biggest fool of them all. @cnnbrk @amjoyshow @AC360
Somebody should send this to Trump.  And, you should know that your relationship with him tarnishes your reputation.
If only he would have attacked Trump vehemently in the past and admitted to only supporting him for political purposes. Oh wait.... Marco did do that.
Marco talking about Trump again.
Gun Modification!!! Boo NRA
#NeverAgain
I agree! Never again! Arm the faculty and put less faith in authority since they can’t be trusted to do the job anyways!
Your President
Your State of Florida is cursed. you promote violence toward animals AND humans . It's scary by now...and all is because of you and Pam Bondi. So, please, Sir, don't mention the Bible. Your and Bondi wrote a law, allowing animal Sacrificing, even HORSES...Evil is as Evil does
Are you talking about yourself or Trump?
Wich makes you a fool.
Are you talking about our president? Do tell!
These Tweets make you look incredibly stupid. You took an oath to defend the U.S. against all enemies foreign and domestic - you failed. #ComplicitCriminal
Little fool Marco
And then he will say "Depart from me, you cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. For I was hungry and you gave me no food, I was thirsty and you gave me no drink, I was a stranger and you did not welcome me"

~ Matthew 25
I was hungry and you gave me food

~ Matthew 25
And we all know what you are.
I was a stranger and you welcomed me

~ Matthew 25
So many beautiful words you've shared and yet so little to show for it.
All politicians are liars, cheats, & crooks.
-- ME every time I see your face
Who like Rubio......   I do

No proof that it influenced his action. He was very pro gun before he received NRA donations and he is still just as pro gun after receiving the donations.
Now that is true.
You're back Pastor Rubio. Where you been? Bet it had to do with blowjobs and the NRA
You're describing Donald Trump!
Projection is real.
Pure definition of the NRA
Hey brother, plz don't give up on the constitution. Plz Fight and protect our constitution.

SHUTVHE F UP. U R A TRAITOR!!
Ironic.
"But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen."
That is so true. People really love to revel in foolishness.
Amen!
You can't quote the bible when you've sold your soul to the devil

#CFRMember #RINO #NEOCON #GLOBALIST
Fools don't ban assault rifles
Or like little Marco. Let’s screw all my constituents. Hey I’m only in it for the  $$$$$$. MF AF
I hope this was about Trump
Ironic quote think I
Do you practice what you tweet?
Sounds like most senators. Nonstop bloviating.@SenateGOP
S.O.S S.O.S 

True dat!
That's the Democratic liberal party
Getting closer.
If that’s how you feel, and you profess to be a religious man, then confront the fool in the WH.
Proverbs is one of my favorite books - one chapter per day.
Explain this to @POTUS
Wow, what a perfect description of yourself!
So great!!!
You clearly drew the response of fools with one proverb, good job! Wait, I responded too 

Do you ever actually READ the Bible?
You sir, are a fool
Said by a true fool
Ha...you know God’s truth speaks today...just look at our current president who you support. #iwillNOTbetrumped
You’re talking about Trump?  Fits him well
I just read this for shits and giggles! These days is like the chain letter your grandma use to send you! #pleasestop
And we all know who the biggest fool of all is currently. #truth
Oh the irony.
That fool would be you! #AxisOfEvil
Well, that or posting dumb proverbs on Twitter.
When will you speak out?
The Bible is fake dummy. Quoting @Wikipedia would be more credible.
#evangelicalhypocrisy
Fools follow fools and any fool can quote scripture out of context.
No truer words.  Some of the naysayers who have commented should read the verse as associated to themselves.
Hey Fool..how about an inquiry into the office decor budget???... I love how you all are draining that swamp. Please use our tax dollars so the elitist cabinet members can have nice, soft chairs for their gout ridden asses. #FirePruitt #LetThemEatCake
Straight out of the fools mouth
You are a fool.
Are you running for office in the church?
I Agree! Good one #Senator  “Nobody knows what you don’t know, til you open your mouth” (or respond to a tweet) 
Stop the bible talk and do something about Dotard.
Protect Mueller!
#washington
Excuse me, senator. There’s a typo in your hipocrisy. Always a space after a comma. 

All the best.
Hah!
You should take this quote and apply it to yourself. Too many Christians proslyetize but live far far far right from the teachings of Jesus.
