So you fed them a bunch of lies then?
I hope you were discussing that  it wasn’t going to help low income people that much at all. It was going to help large companies pocket more $ and ad to our deficit! #pleaseresign
Spare me.  Did you tell them that they'll have to take huge cuts in Medicare, SS and Medicaid to pay for it? #VoteThemAllOut
Will you now join together to vote NO for Pompeo who disgusting lied about his military service in the Gulf War. We have too many liars working in and for this White House. #VoteNoPompeo
This is most interesting. Strike when its most malleable.
Yes, the opportunity to work for minimum wage jobs that have no benefits while people like @marcorubio work to keep that minimum wage below poverty level, enriching themselves, while trying to remove the social safety net. #Hypocrites
Tax break for your cronies you lying hypetcrit there will be a Reckoning for you lying hypetcrit
Would you like to the people of the state when you went out and said that it was going to help us you know it’s not helping middle class it’s only for rich people and Corporation


New data shows the Trump administration has separated more than 700 children from their parents since October, including more than 100 children under the age of 4.…
And he wants us to believe that he is worried about the children of Syria. He should be worried about all children in this world. It is sad what is happening to these children.
Senator thanks for your worrieness on Venezuela.Spain and Panamá got away from Maduro gvmnt,now both get closed so we hope USA dont  do it
You can tie bows and ribbons on the Republican TAX SCAM, but it will remain just that. A SCAM. That's why your rich donors are insisting that you push it down our throats. If this SCAM were any good it would speak for itself!
Tell Americans the truth!
Why did Rubio vote for the Repub TAX SCAM
that made corporations richer&did not benefit the working class? Also Marco will vote with the Repubs when they take our Medicare&Social Security! Why?
Does Marco think we all have Millions to fall back on?
Once the " great firewall " is demolished, Chinese people will know the fact that the country is running by  CCP kleptocracy! Then , at least 80% percent Chinese people will not trust their government  anymore! !
To win the trade war ,you need help Chinese people destroying the "Great Firewall ", let 1.3 billion people know the evilness of CCP, all Chinese are brainwashed by CCP since childhood!  CCP has stolen most fortune of China, but most Chinese people just don't realize it!
You are a blooming idiot
Do they own banks?
Ban the damn guns!!!!!!!
Good person
Just so long as they don't get shot, amiright?
#VoteNoPompeo #StolenValor
It seems apparent from reliable sources that Mike Pompeo did NOT serve in the first Gulf War, but nearly half of his public bios--including his Wikipedia page--and contemporary write-ups claim he did. Is this something he's been content to leave uncorrected?…
Sorry to burst your bubble but trickle down economics has never worked.
How do we obtain results, recommendations, outcome info on these meetings? Would be interesting to learn the direct near term benefits from new tax code.
.@SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer Pompeo may have @POTUS' confidence but d American People doesn’t have confidence that Diplomacy is his goal-His position on human rights & regime-change, & lies about military service, disqualify him as America’s Chief Diplomat!
You know better- This #TaxScam is costing Americans for decades-Gas prices right now eat up anything the middle class will get- healthcare will cost more - cutting SNAP benefits-Surprised at Scott- not at all surprised you are lying-

https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/987325029393293313?s=21 … disgusting
An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
It won't bring anything more than the GOP socialized minimum wages Rubio.
Senator, my friends and I are very dissapointed with the way in which we were received at your office in Doral. Your job is to represent us, but we are being censored. Please understand that if this continues, we will #voteyouout @SDA_Miami
Total BS. Your tax cut is corporate welfare to large corps and does little for small businesses, except for pass through corps like lawyers.   Such a trump-kisser!  #Sayfie #DontBeLikeMarco
When are you going to meet with your constituents?
Nice of you to mention the kids and get n control today! You’re a horrible person!
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
Oh Rubio loves low income neighborhoods. Because they supply the private prison industry.
What did you say Mr. NRA?
Was that before or after you cashed your quarterly stipend check from @DLoesch and the @NRA?  People, even in poor neighborhoods, are watching.  @GOP @SenateGOP @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost @AP
#Complicit party over people
$1.05
It’s quick to Judge be careful what is wished for 
So basically you went and lied to those ppl???
Senator new opportunities will be needed to pay for healthcare for our most vulnerable because you are busy dismantling what protections are in place.
Looks like a hell of a turnout
Like old times! Look at you two 

Trump 20/20
@SenatorTimScott is definitely sucking it in, in that first picture lol
You low life liar pretending to care while the GOP wants to cut health care, housing, food stamps, Social Security. school funding, consumer protection, environmental protection. Everyone knows the tax cut was for high rollers. You hypocrites.
Facts to back is up would help your rant.
But did you match on purpose?
They just have to find a nice Wells Fargo or Goldman Sachs friend to purchase their company with their extra billions.
