Nice of you to include a picture of the poor kids who will have to work their entire lives to pay off the deficit created by your trillion dollar  tax cut.
Deport illegals and their slave owners. Americans are tired of paying half their salaries or more on fed, state, local, Medicare and social security tax and more out of pocket 4 health care. Water, gas, electric, property, internet, cable, phone and sales tax comes out pockets
Need cjris christy as gop chair.
You know what is helping my family? The tax cuts which you say do not help the middle class. That is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.  We are taking home a good amount more and got bonuses and pay increases and more benefits. I am very disappointed in you not the 1st time.
#NRAWHORES
Hey #GOPLiars! @WellsFargo is paying a BILLION $ fine for mortgage and car loan fraud. But thanks to the @GOP, WE get to pay for it, since the #GOPTaxScam netted Wells Fargo more than $6 BILLION in the last 2 quarters.

The new blue wave members
How can you side with a man who could be a traitor to our country. Neither you nor I know the truth behind it, I personally want to know. ‘No man, no woman is above the law,’  ‘You have to follow the rule of law. It makes no difference if you are in the White House or not.’”
FAKE NEWS ! Do you just make it up as you go along?
Push for harsher punishments for anyone killing cops. There his A war on cops. Deport illegals and with those savings give better equipment, technological advancement tools and vehicles with bullet proof doors and windows with an auto call for back up when the vehicle is shot at.
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=125466191571055&id=100023230254124 …
Although many doubt it ..
That change will come to Venezuela....
Marco Rubio says there’s “no evidence whatsoever” Republican tax cuts are helping workers - Vox https://apple.news/A0IZsoOB-T9yZEpw_w0SIBA …

You should be embarrassed to promote a tax bill with working American gains of 75 cents/hr. when billions go to corporate America. Nov 6 2018
Child tax credits were already a thing you didn't make this up Republicans don't get credit for something that was already a part of the system.
How many liberal like Kyle Griffin?
Reporter at #MSNBC puts #FakeNews headline on #nytimes story. The 3rd paragraph from the bottom state's this. " I have food stamps but none of the stores are taken them, until they reestablish service.
NYT: Trump admin denied request to let hurricane victims who use food stamps redeem them at fast-food restaurants. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/03/us/puerto-rico-aid-fema-maria.html …
Senators I’ll be at the Lincoln Day dinner tonight in Miami and looking forward to hearing you both. God bless!
Okay here is my story & it 99% of the rest of Americans as well. 
Example: Tax Reform gives me now $0.25 more tax savings BUT the Tootsie Roll that used to cost me $1.50 now cost me $2.50. Point is who wins?The 1% Millionaires, Billionaires and Big Corporations!
Wake up America!!


Okay here is my story & it 99% of the rest of Americans as well. 
Example: Tax Reform gives me now $0.25 more tax savings BUT the Tootsie Roll that used to cost me $1.50 now cost me $2.50. Point is who wins?The 1% Millionaires, Billionaires and Big Corporations!
Wake up America!!
THE PROBLEM WITH THE #TaxCutsandJobAct IS COUPLES EARNING OVER $75,000 ARE TAXED 25-28% WHILE CORPS HAVE A 20% TAX RATE #WTF  

@SenateGOP @GOP @senmarcorubio @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @POTUS  @RepCurbelo @WhiteHouse @PressSec @FoxNews @seanhannity @SenSchumer @Miamiherald
Are you going to tell these people just how much they will get screwed by this new TaxScam?
Not good enough.  You're not doing anything for your constituents.
Don’t understand how you take pride in doing the literal least you could do.
Pathetic

Marco,  No cojonesRubio hang your self cabron!
DIOS LO BENDECIRA SENADOR

Don't forget the #386, a smaller but swing district. @RonDeSantisFL
Fund more Heard Start Programs.
Ban the damn guns!!!! Stop doing photo ops to distract!!!!
Ok so raise the minimum wage, invest in affordable housing, safe affordable child care,don't take away Medicaid and food assistance the minute they get a raise or go to work.
but still no town hall meeting scheduled huh
Why would he? He was very unfairly attacked, in my opinion,  at the last one he did.
NOVEMBER!!!
I think you may benefit most from these words by Alexander Hamilton in 1792. Please reflect on these words and contemplate on their applicability to the situation we now find ourselves in. What kind of leader do you support? What kind of leader are you?
You seem more like a Democrat most days. Great concerns.....
It’s real nice. But I need you to make the DOJ or SC find out what Govt employees moved their tsp retirement funds prior to 9/11.  Who knew. ?  then we can move on in this country @FDNY
Maybe you could visit some large corporations and make sure they have enough Bentleys.
TRY CONCENTRATING ON SAVING OUR COUNTRY/ DEMOCRACY FROM THE PUTIN PUPPET IN THE Oval Office!!   WHERE are the Russian sanctions?? Punishment for election meddling??  Future steps to protect us???  THIS IS NOT OK!!  DO YOUR DAMN JOB TO PROTECT OUR COUNTY!!!  PROTECT MUELLER!!!
Think of the decision effects Marco Rubio and his friends have made since Trump's election. Unqualified appointments, robbing peoples healthcare, turning a blind eye to automatic weapons, destruction of truth. Tell me why he shouldn't be treated as an enemy combatant of the US?

Today we recall the words of Don Tonino Bello: "Works of charity are not enough, unless those works are done with charity".
I am a SC resident tell @SenatorTimScott  how to get an exemption from OFF SHORE DRILLING Florida has one!
How about visiting the newly retired folks who lost tens of thousands in their retirement funds thanks to the tax CUTS for the rich.
Great Idea! My brother did something for Veterans Bank.....shish! I left Annual rep @ home....
For five minutes
It's good of you to give him a big tax break too bad they're willing, and able to use it took away everything else they need it you're just a sick bastard that's Passage 2017 Republicans have no conscious or moral values
Both of U need 2 admit that since feds intruded in public education U not only didn't improve outcomes..but Corp lobbyists, unqualified educrats & special interests have USED legislation 2 make it WORSE. If you truly want 2 fix education..GET OUT of it.

Why not start thinking about people without children? Perhaps we need help too. Forcibly retired at 57 with no healthcare at 58 after paying millions in taxes is WRONG!
But your still cool with the blown out deficit that these kids will pay for? #Complicit party over people
Great for them; let them know that your plan is to take away their healthcare, medicaid, CHIP, WIC and to rob them and their parents of their Social Security and Medicare.

You guys are a joke!  The tax cuts only help the wealthy.
You should probably be a better role model for these kids. Because so far they're seeing a crazy old man tweeting and congressman who could care lease about honor, law, and the country. #badrolemodels
Welcome home. TOWN HALL?
Don’t you have to pay for the daycare first in order to receive the credit? What if you can’t afford it to begin with? Abortion? Welfare? Poverty?
Cool.  You can explain to them how your tax cuts benefit your corporate donors and why there won't be any money left to improve their schools or infrastructure. #GOPTaxScam
This is who marco sold out to
#IIOA is the most under reported blessing of Tax Cuts. GOP needs to do better promoting. IIOA is a huge benefit to help cities & rural towns. Need to get more SBA business leaders involved. @Diddy
@realDonaldTrump @kanyewest @GOPChairwoman @SBALinda 
@SenatorTimScott
When will you be resigning in disgrace?
You know who this is USELESS for? Those of us that are married, but have decided not to have kids! For a party that disgustingly decries “welfare babies”, how is this system any better?? Why punish those of us that have no kids?
@SenatorTimScott is my representative. He is awful. He doesn’t respond to his constituents, his voicemail is eternally full, his office is never open, he doesn’t acknowledge the will of The People. He will be removed from office.
Will you have armed security with you to protect you from someone with an AR-15? Or will they have a box of rocks and tiny baseball bats? You are a JOKE! Try visiting schools in the parts of the state where your rich pals DON’T live. #hypocrisy
Both of you need to get out and go away.
Wow with all this mess going on its nice to see someone actually working. You are a great Rep for Florida @marcorubio. Keep up all your good work.
They’ll need the tax credit for the car they’ll be living in from all the programs and healthcare you cut.
PENDEJO!
Budget deficit for March is 300 billion dollars. Those kids in the picture will be paying for GOP/ REPUBLICAN  carelessness.
Make sure to read them lots of Bible passages. Those are really knocking it out of the park as far as creating meaningful change for struggling families.
Liar.
Then go vote to cut their healthcare and lunch program, Li’l Marco.
Why do not call a constituent in Tampa Area, I been trying to reach you since August 2016, you staff has my number and email.
You're a paid member of what is equivalent to Bloods & Crips!
You're a hack & you got caught!
the child tax credit is useless if you cut the other programs these families need, snap, medicaid......
I bet more families would benefit from affordable healthcare, which you have consistently fought against!  #DontBeLikeMarco
You had the chance to really help them with a fair #GOPTaxBillScam and decided you would rather help your rich donors instead.  Now you pretend to care about the poor and middle class.  You already showed your true colors and it was greed.  #VoteBlue2018
You are a disappointment Marco.  Such a flip flopper.
Ok this is good to know
Vote him out!!
Don't shoot anybody!
We need #GunReformNow
That 15 minutes is up
