Your tweet is a load of  The dumocraps constantly want higher taxes so they can spend more on their stupid wasteful pet projects. At this rate the US will go bankrupt. We need to get handle on government spending! Obama spent more money than ALL PRESIDENTS BEFORE HIM COMBINED!
Kudos Marco Rubio! From a FL 
native American citizen!
You keep on kissing up Marco.  Play every to every tune you think is going to advance you and back peddle later.  That's your SOP and it's only getting worse.
  We'll remember election time.
What a joke and so are you Rubio.  jk
Hilarious
Compared to Venezuela - yes
I can't  - really - are you getting shiny rubles too?
Are you Serious?
SUPPORT @MARCORUBIO 100%.
needs more flags.  And crosses.
Rubio + Faux News. Perfect pairing. Both do nothing but lie and distract!
And I say that as someone who likes Rubio. Trump is a joke.
You wrote that to Trump? Did you hit your head on something. Trump is a champion of Trump? It is nauseating to see Republicans destroy their dignity and credibility and act like Thiserd world Banana Republic toadies. Get some self respect man!

The New York Times shares the Pulitzer in National Reporting with The @WashingtonPost for coverage that unearthed possible ties between Russia and President Trump’s inner circle
How about the NRA???
President Trump is doing the right thing!
I see Marco sold out to trump. Doesn't surprise me with him.
Why the hell is this promoted @FoxBusiness?  Not everybody wants to see this bs on their timeline!  
Sure, if you exclude free press, equal rights, obeying the rule of law and so on. Trump is lawless. he does not have American values. He is an authoritarian in waiting. And worse- YOU know it.
BS - brown nose !
He's done the opposite since day 1.
Hahahaha
What about the Presidents bunnies ?  @GOP loves sex and porn 
What a gutless spine less hack. If some body called me “little Marco” and made fun of me it would be the last time. I guess your ok with kissing ass
Swamp goons!! @GOP is sitting idle and letting trump trample over women's, immigrant and the elderly and disabled rights.
You are all complicit in his illicit actions.
#trumpswamp #trumpshitshow #TrumpCrimeFamily #lies #hypocrites
Any chance the GOP can stop promoting Fox

How far does your tongue go up the disgraced pile of skin trump's ssshole
Breaking news : Tax cheat says “I haven’t paid any Federal taxes in at least 12 years! I have such a big brain!”  Y’all make me barf.
Doesn't Puerto Rico count Marco?
You Scump and  Diaz-Bafart  in a tiny room with people you paid to be there. You’re all pathetic

Sure, Senator Rubio incentive Mexican not to file a proper tax return  by picking an arbitrary income number for example Did we make $100 dollars today or not?
Rubio you have no shame. Ni tu Madre te reconoce. Tu Papa dira como carajo tengo un hijo sin ningun cojon.....Ay Padre que desgracia....te has vendido completamente.
@Marco Rubio such a class act. Hope you consider a run for potus again.
LMFAO
Western civilization is on the line.
How about in our particular piece of the hemisphere. Not securing elections, attacking legal system, name calling, undermining free press, obsessions with losing popular vote, separating immigration children from parents, praising dictators, etc.
#Resign
Kiss ass.
One of the most important things that this democracy was built on is our first amendment and if you continue to praise a president who publicly disparages that #freedom, then you are losing perspective and just like so many others, you are joining the true swamp the #Donaldswamp.
lil marco bowing to his god.  Lots of kissing A$$ and still no cabinet appointment.
I didn't Vote for you @marcorubio but I do applaud your acknowledgement of ALL that @realDonaldTrump has done for our country. THAT shows character, sir. We need MORE courage, character and conviction in Washington. Good show of all three. God bless. #MAGA
annnd I just threw up a little.
@CNN @MSNBC @foxandfriends Good for you " liddle" Marco......you've come a long way in the last two years, unfortunately it's been all downhill....so sad for the little man with big ideals to betray everything he once was lauded for. Just another swamp creature!
@realDonaldTrump doesn’t sanction Russia, he lost his mind when 60 spies expelled (but allowed them replaced) and now contradicts Nikki on new sanctions. He’s Putin’s puppet.
Oh, Marco, you are a lost soul. How could you?
What do you think of your boy Sean Hannity needing the services of Cohen? I don't recall Hannity disclosing this during the unterviews...
What about the other hemisphere?
Such a butt kisser
FAKE FOX NEWS @seanhannity @marcorubio @krassenstein @davidhogg111 #Midterms2018 #VoteThemOut2018 #BoycottFoxNews #TheResistance #BOYCOTTHANNITY LET'S GET THEM ALL OUT... REMEMBER  YOUR VOTE COUNTS!!!
An obsequious little gnat
Don Donald, I wish to thank you, on behalf of all the five families, for calling this meeting here today.
Hey do you remember when this clown used to call you little Marcos?dignity not in your vocabulary
Aw, Li’l Marco
Little marco still slobbing on the knob. Come on man have some dignity. Even your boy @alexjonesshows can see through chief cheeto. The rule of law potus just caved on his own word.
thank you indeed,
You have got to be kidding!
Marco, thank you for living a good Christian life and showing the lost what Jesus is! Bless you!
watched Florida gathering with Trump ...GREAT President Trump + rebuilding our nation #DontVoteDemocrat2018
He should go and pray- that’s the only thing he knows how to do
And a champion to people with tiny hands everywhere.
Freedom and Democracy? Someone needs to break out the ole Webster for this.
Wow the #POTUS has his “big hands” way up the “Lil’ Marco” Puppet.
Not FOX not Hannity. Real independent news!
RNC Republican Party!
Trump, Russia, and 2018 midterm elections: Trump won’t stop Moscow from interfering - Vox
“The FBI says it has received no White House orders to secure the 2018 midterms against Russian influence.” 
Meanwhile, in Sweden: 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/sweden-looks-at-russias-electoral-interference-in-the-us-and-takes-steps-not-to-be-another-victim/2018/02/21/9e58ee48-0768-11e8-aa61-f3391373867e_story.html … …
Trump Has Done Almost Nothing to Protect Elections: Report

Attorney says Michael Cohen did secret legal work for Sean Hannity
What the F
You can't post religious stuff all day everyday day and back up Trump get a clue
Little Marco as our President calls......
#ClientNumber1 is #Trump #ClientNumber2 is #ElliottBroidy RNC Chairman who paid his PlayBoy Bunny to get an abortion and #ClientNumberThree is @seanhannity #Hannity POS propaganda machine!!  RNC Republican Party is going down! #DownInTheGutter
Hell yeah thank you mr. President you're exactly what this country needs!
The United States is leading the way to help secure democracy and freedom in Cuba and Venezuela.
Yeah he's a phuckin hero....just don't let any of those shithole inhabitants get into our country!
Both Marco and Dotard take Shits Loads of NRA money!!!
So it went to a Great cause. Thanks for clearing that up for everyone cupcake.
I happen to like cupcakes. Thanks!
Don’t forget to cup the balls,Marco!
Traitor
I just threw up in my mouth
Up yours.
Funny Stuff. #spanky
Gfy
Rubio is such a kiss up.
Just make The Individual Tax Cuts Permanent. Force Booker, Schumer and Pelosi to vote against them. "Who Dares Wins".
A.. kisser
Do ANY of you grasp that US is one of the least free nations in the world? Just try & leave; US laws make it COMPLETELY impossible to financially survive outside US.

No finding work/love abroad for you folks.  Freedom just a myth in your deluded minds.

