This is an absolutely shameful job on the part of the media. How can we have in-depth discussions about complex issues when media outlets cherry pick quotes to present an idea to make a cheap shot?
I hate it. I don’t care if it’s the right under a liberal administration or the left under a conservative administration. People like that make me sick and have not earned my respect. 
And what’s your reaction to trump lying about paying hush money to a porn star. Huh? I can’t hear you.
He’ll tweet a bible verse soon.
The #TrumpTaxScam is AWFUL for 99.9% of Americans, and you share in the blame for it. You have #NoWayOut of this. This is just the beginning of the #shitstorm you have brought upon yourself.

PS - Don't forget the #CorkerKickback
Keep doing what you’re doing Marco Rubio!
Blame the media for quoting you?
Dear Marco,  the American people are not happy with the #taxscam.  It's horrible. No matter how you explain it it is still a terrible plan that does not help families.
Thank you @marcorubio
Given the transcript and your tone in the audio, overall I'd say that the tone of the original article matched.
Overall you're not happy about the cuts, there's skepticism from you which is fine.
Lead with your own copies next time.
I disagree with your strategy, but...
This article wasn't fake news, sir.

It was a short excerpt.
News always fires that for brevity.

I don't agree with your tax policy goals, but I agree with you sharing your full interviews because print news never prints the full interviews.

It's not fake, it's summarized.
Go back to sleep, we're trying to impeach a president here. #TraitorTrump
Still a crooked gop'er. TOWN HALL?
We need #GunReformNow
ThankYou #SenatorRubio for always being Clear on where you Stand even when the #Press gets it Wrong! #JournalisticIntegrity is dying a painful death
Would not ever waste my time on anything you say.
Take the L and quiet up, Marco
Still a shot a proven not to help anyone but the 1%. The % who pay for your votes in Congress. I’m sure you do support this which is why Congress is so unpopular - you only help yourselves.
Not sure if you saw, but Giuliani just screwed Trump on live television so you're going to need to prepare some kind of statement to try and make us all think that this is just another normal day in America. We can get back to this spineless dribble later...
Go Rudy!!!   Your guy gets in deeper as well as all of you.  Sad. Shame on you.
The figures DO NOT seem to be working the way you espouse?
WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE TIRED OF YOUR LIES IGNORANCE AND CRAP NOT INTERESTED, STICK IT.
Take the L and walk away.
It's a scam.
Marco, you’re not smart enough to handle this level of backtracking. Go back to making sex jokes!
NRA giving away good money lately I want to run as a Republican.
Oh L'il Marco, you always end up walking back things you've said. You'll never be president.
Good, still not thrilled you can’t just be direct and give us the audio. Instead you feel the need to narrate it with “lots of reaction” and “problem is” making you a real dolt. Your PR advisor really should have encouraged you to drop the notes and audio without all your crying
Thanks for calling out the ECONOMIST  for taking the TRUTH of your comments and making them FALSE  by omission of full statements.
Oh please, you sound like my teenagers. “That’s not what I said..” “it’s not my fault..” #GrowUp Senator. Admit when you’re wrong. The tax plan is a sham for the wealthy to get more and you know it! #QuitBowingToTrump and listen to your constituents!
Great way to get the word out, print it yourself! Thank you.
Fake News is real. People should know by now not to trust the media 
So many stories, Marco.
Jesus man. You are so stiff. Get with it.
Liar

At least you’re not quoting from the Bible anymore.
Ezekiel 25:17:  and I will strike down upon you with great vengeance and furious anger... and you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you!
Someone is in deep doo-doo with @realDonaldTrump @NRA and @SpeakerRyan .
I like you marco...the problem our country has sadly rest on the shoulders of you and the McCain's and McConnell type republicans...our nation needs a fighter....like our president..WE DONT WANT HIM TO GET ALONG WITH THE ESTABLISHMENT!.please just stay out of the way of progress.
I don't trust you Rubio and you haven't done anything to stop the illegals in Florida. Why aren't you for America first and the constitution? Americans have dreams and rights that have been ignored. Why???
#Traitors all of you
You're a wimp masquerading as a rebel. So sad you just started your term.
cc @ahardtospell
It's your fault. You know you can't give soundbites for media that bash your own party. What, are you new? You just made a campaign ad for Democrats...Pelosi is already using it in interviews...#Idiot
Too little, too late. STFU marco.
Nah. We all know the tax cut is a #taxscam
Shut up, you backtracked as always, beside you're small potatoes when the Mr Trumps just admitted on Hannity that Trump paid Cohen back for the $130K over a period of months. So just shut up, you are of no value to the people of Florida or this Country
I knew they were playing partisan hacks.
Trickle down is a proven failure, and further adds to income inequality.
Just shut up already marco
You said enough to know you're never right.
Forget the tax cut, how about a comment on the Rudi Giuliani interview on Hannity tonight. You could be the first one to finally do what’s right! Condemn @realDonaldTrump .
You know what excuses are like, don’t ya?
......and yours definitely stinks.
Nope. Not buying it Little Marco. You’ve been in DC too long to make a mistake. You wonder why you didn’t win GOP nomination for President? Americans hate this BS and conservative backstabbing for 2-day personal political gain
Little Marco you lost me when you cowered to the anti gunners . You showed your true colors
You voted for this train wreck of a tax bill. Too little, too late.  Man up and own it, Marco.
Quit pretending you have a pair, Lil Marco.  @realDonaldTrump completely emasculated you two years ago.
Marco, you are speaking out about everything and anything to deflect from your support of the NRA. But we remember you stating "they're buy into your agenda", which is another way of saying they bought your vote. #MSDStrong
Your full comment on the tax bill is rather revealing. A mystery why you voted for it if that’s what you were thinking #talkischeap
Have you notice that you no longer get many likes. It's probably reflect the amount of votes you'll get on your re-election
#JournalismIsDead
MSM is hell bent on pushing their narrative.
Traitor!!
Tax Cut no Code Reforms criminal deduction Loops luxury items
Just when we thought you couldn’t get more chicken shit! You’ve outdone yourself once again Marco, couldn’t just let a true statement stand could you? BTW, the NRA is tax exempt, they shouldn’t be, but of course you won’t touch that subject w/a 10 ft pole
Interview is more in- depth than The Economist implied, but the tax cut is still a bad call, and you voted for it. I think you’ll be a happier and more productive person back in the private sector. Best of luck there, but please get out of government.
Stop distracting us with your lies! Now listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Lying hypetcrit stealing money from the tax payers, lock him up.
Glad you had the video. Can’t trust anyone.
Amazing than Marco Rubio tweets a biblical passage in one teeet, and then a lie in the next. He is an abomination before God. Not to mention an embarrassment to America.
I sure the problem isn’t that this tax cuts aren’t helping average Americans and that you accidentally told the truth?
Marco...give me ine of those snappy bible quotes for trump and his misstress here..then maybe one for his boy and his mistress...
You guys know that when you give an interview, it will be edited to fit the agenda of the interviewer. But still politicians can not resist the camera, so they do this to themselves. No excuses! DTS!


Rubio TAX Scam Sucks!!
Why aren’t you working on permanent tax cuts for individuals??? Your job is on the line!
Also, that’s what you get for doing an interview with Fake news outlets!
Mario are you implying that there is fake news
keep talking tax cuts...nobody cares, you gave 1.8T to corporations.  all the while you and your cronies ignore the compulsive-liar-in-chief.  you are complicit in all of his crimes, you aholes completely ignore this shit day after day, history won't forget.
1.05
Thanks for clarifying. I should have known better than believe the media.
You are such a whiner. How many interviews have u done in your career? You should be better at this by now.
In the end Sen I am the best manager of my money and how to spend it.


You flip flop so much until you become irrelevant!
Marco - it's okay to speak the truth. No need to backtrack to satisfy your handlers. You are definitely not what one would call a 'profile in courage'
Politico will only publish negative things about you Marco and the Economist has unfortunately become a left wing rag.  God bless and keep up the good work!
They just put little Marco in line, didn’t they?
We support u Senator
Don't worry Marco....no one thought you actually had the integrity to admit trickle down economics doesn't work. You're to spineless for that.
Once again, I voted for you in the last election, but I will vote against you when your term is up. You know the tax bill hasn’t benefited the average worker. You’re proving that you’re just another lying politician.
Why giving them something you know they can use against you?
Senator Rubio — what you say about the tax bill is not as important as the truth about the bill. And the truth is the bill rewards the wealthy more richly than it helps working Americans. You and the Republican Party could do a better job of helping the little guys. Yes you can!
The tax cuts are morally wrong.


You’re a disgrace.
Ended my subscription to The Economist many years ago. Straw that broke the camel's back the reporting that the CERN collider reported travel at faster than the speed of light, rather than verifying The Econ ran with the erroneous story as "The science" was wrong. hmmmm
No doubt you back peddled your original answer. We’re use to you being a paper tiger. All blow and no go.
When's your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA SENADOR. Y SEÑOR PRESIDENTE @realDonaldTrump SE LO PIDE UNA VENEZOLANA. QUE LASTIMA VER MORIR A LAS PERSONAS POR FALTA DE COMIDA Y MEDICAMENTOS. LA DICTADURA NOS ESTA MATANDO POCO A POCO.
Proverbs 19:9
A false witness will not go unpunished, And he who tells lies will perish.
#GOPTaxScam #sad #notAnActualThreatofViolence #dontGoPruittOnUs #itsAmethaphor #ImCallingYouALiar #UsingYourDearBibleToDoSo
Rudy Giuliani just admitted that Trump "funneled" $130k to Michael Cohen who paid $130k to Stormy Daniels, who Trump had sex with while his wife was pregnant. 

Lots of reaction...


Just face it dude. You’re a coward with the spinal integrity roughly equivalent to rice pudding.
"A plant can not be made to grow by watering the top alone and letting the roots go dry" - St. Vitus
AGAIN, SLANTED FAKE NEWS USED BY MEDIA TO TRASH TRUMP
Your spinelessness is astonishing.
Sounds like somebody screwed up and told the truth, and now he's having to back-peddle as fast as he can
Honestly we have bigger problems then to worry about the crap you say
Who cares.... we are listening to Rudy not you..
Are you the guy with small hands that is a NRA puppet.
Wow senator I was beginning to respect your honesty and straigtforward appraisal of the tax cuts. Silly me. S. Thompson, Fernandina Beach
Blah blah, blah..blah-blah. Got it. Covering much?
They should have use your record on assault weapons... @cnnbrk @jaketapper @ananavarro @davidhogg111
the sad thing is that you can't trust any media to publish the truth if your a Republican
Don't worry Marco. We know what the Press does. They are irrelevant. We can hear from you. Straight from the horse's mouth. Don't worry. Keep tweeting!
That’s a good one Flipper
You need to broker these interviews in a different way. Must be live, no editing, you choose the photo used in the story. Stop giving the media so much power!
Too bad, I had a little hope for you, not anymore!
You know it was a taxscam  that only benefited the rich regardless of your statement
@marcorubio  You voted for it, Asshat
Stop about tax cuts and go help our President, the one We the people elected.
Well we are not seeing the trickle down you promised . Facts are facts
What does #Rudy have to say about that?
Ummm, you aren’t a good soldier. You clearly missed your evening propaganda session on @FoxNews. If you had gone to class this wouldn’t be your tweet. It would be your kings new jester torpedoed the party
You are now irrelevant.
No one cares Marco! Rudy just gave us manna from heaven!
Okay jellyfish
@marcoyoRubioyoyo, you are the weakest link.  We are sick and tired of your soft belly tactics. You care for nothing but the $ and NRA$$$$"$$$ we see you!
End of day - u voted to increase our deficit by $1+ trillion a yr somthat u could give your large political contributors & corporations cuts. U knew trickle down doesn't work it was proven under Reagan & u knew it wouldn't work now. U just did not care about avg Americans.
@marcorubio - The only thing that matters is YOU VOTED FOR IT. YOU voted for the Tax Scam. #Florida #Tampa #Orlando #Miami #PalmBeach #Jacksonville #FortLauderdale #SouthFlorida
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
I apologize for calling you a liberal, based on the clips I saw from that interview, my bad! Should not have jumped the gun. I do though, still think you're pretty liberal...based on prior votes, recent stances on 2nd amendment, etc.
Still trying to justify this? I think you're an evil bastard. Please slither away.


You're defending yourself in the WRONG direction Marco. If you have ANY HOPE FOR SURVIVAL--you must DISTANCE yourself from Trump-NOT ingratiate!!
You never cease to disappoint, Marco.
Look dude, just sashay whichever way the wind blows tmrw. We know you’re an invertebrate so it’s not like we expect you to have a spine
Proverbs 6:16-19. 

Thanks for the clarification as I thought it was a dumb comment given the evidence counters what is actually happening
No thanks Marco. You sold your soul to the orange king now everything you say is false. I ment Little Marco.
I can't get it my phone takes me back to twitters home page Mr rubio that is important to me.
Are you saying the media says what they want you to hear......
Some guy interrupted you at the very end, so I wasn’t able to hear you finish what you were saying.

So, what were you saying?

And who interrupted you?!
Thank you for clarifying. Fake news will always be fake news.
Learn a lesson? Don’t give the enemy any quarter. This is war! Get your head in the game!

'Dem cherry pickers.
What did you think hey we’re going to do!?! They’re in the business of getting clicks.
You lie with the rest of them!  Forked tongue
You're a joke and a fraud. You've defrauded working Americans.
