WRONG!!!
Your opinions are becoming increasingly irrelevant.  Take a stand that is not "safe".  Say something out loud about the lack of serious sanctions against Russia.  Your suggestions are ridiculous.  Big deal, you will say yes to Pompeo.  Clap, Clap, Clap.  You are so disappointing.

U.S.A., you are 97 years late to correct your wrong expectation of CCP
NOPE.
Have to disagree on this one @marcorubio
You play politics with children's lives, little Marco. So shut up. #GunReformNow

ANOTHER COWARD. YOU KNOW THE TRUTH. WHAT WILL YOU SAY TO YOUR CHILDREN ABOUT SUPPORTING TRUMP EVEN THOUGH HE IS CRUEL. REMEMBER:
You are jocking right?
why believe you @marcorubio when you slammed @realDonaldTrump and now supporting him. Oh yea Agenda#soldyoursoul
GOP has pushed thru enough BAD nominees from Trump.  American people want thoughtful investigation and debate before putting someone in charge of CIA #impeachGOP #CoruuptGOP #GOPisPartyofHATE
He's a war hawk just like you, I see why you like him so much.
@CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @SethAbramson Hey Marco, how can you be a diplomat when your views on world issues like CLIMATE CHANGE, TRADE AGREEMENTS ETC., are set in stone, on conform to  the beliefs of MODERN REICH insult to POTUS, THE DRUMPF. HEIL DRUMPF
Let Donald Trump do what he's got to do. You dummy that had a lot of time to do something about this and done nothing.
You jeopardize security giving amnesty to illegals and you don’t support building the Wall. RINO

NO on Pompeo !
Trump didn't even let Congress know of Pompeo's trip to NK. He used him as SoS b4 Congress even voted. He strips Congress' power & ignores the rule of law & you just let him. Senator you have let the American people down & help #45 shred our democracy.
I disagree
Why?  Who would you appoint?
Not him.
According 2 Trump, Russia, China, Iran not threatening our national security.  Also, he has Kim well in hand even before Pompeo. According 2 Trump, the biggest threat 2 our national security is at the Mexican border, immigrants already in country. Building  wall would solve all
And, also there is all those dangerous Muslim immigrants.  ISIS has been thoroughly eliminated as a threat to our national security, but those pesky Muslim refugees might take America down in a New York minute. @marcorubio has sold his soul for money & hope for power.
He is no good and u know it. Him going to N. Korea was a total fucking set up. The Democrats better not vote for him.
We were at war for the entire Obama Presidency. Name one thing from him that you expedited...
You don't think Russia is threatening our national security?
Nobody likes you anymore.  Grow a spine or resign!
Why did you vote no on every high level Obama appointee if the president deserves great "deference" for appointment choices?
He voted for John Kerry in 2013. Only Ted Cruz and other 4 Republicans voted against him.
You are so full of BS!! Stop being a bobble head and man the hell up!! Oh wait we are voting you out this year!! All is good
Play politics? How about actually doing your job on oversight. We have a lunatic President and a decimated State Department. Depot you think someone with Diplomatic experience would be a wiser choice than a guy with a troubling history on torture and civil rights? U R useless.
He is an A_HOLE @marcorubio ! OPEN YOUR EYES!
Remember when u guys blocked obamas Supreme Court Justice pick?  Wasn’t that fun?  Nothing political about that was there?
Everyone of trumps cabinet picks has met with scandal. Good thing he only hires the best and brightest.
When in the right time Marco?  If u guys and trump would have got it right in the first place we wouldnt be in this mess
With #UnitedStates threatening the world security, countries should unite and stand up against US imperialism, unilaterialism, and hegemony. It’s time to create a better world that works for every nation regardless of power and wealth. #saynomore
Soooo, talk to Rand Paul !
Play politics?!  Bitch that is all you do!  Wait, did the NRA give you permission to post this?  You’d better check!  Don’t want to mess up your A rating!  #goptraitors #FakeChristians
With kids dying schools, now is not the time to block sensible gun legislation...
With a disgraceful background. If you want to insult anyone sent a diplomat that has a bigoted background. Great way to represent America. GOP could not find some one better but scrapping the barrel.
Ouch!  Not sure why these no it alls follow you but stick to your values and that of your constituents.  Thanks for supporting our Commander in Chief.
Hey, bible thumper is it time to talk about assault gun control?! It's not after another mass shooting AR-15, you know because as you @gop asshats like to say, "After a shooting is not the time to talk about gun control." What about now?! Enlist or give up assault rifles! Simple!
Merrick Garland
The unfortunate reality is that Democrats don’t care about the state of our country and the evidence of such an accusation stems from how critically they’ve managed to diminish our Military during the worthless Obama years!
Like you're doing a great job.
Baloney
Thank you! Where is the common sense? We need our gov’t operating at full strength. Tired of the total obstruction.
That’s silly. Now is the time to find a Secretary of State with stature and geopolitical knowledge. Rubio always tries to take the easy way. Don’t put a political hack in a top position, let’s get a real, qualified professional we all can support.
You’re a threat to our democracy and our school children!
Implement #Russian sanctions then
Or maybe not fire Rex Tillerson without covering bases.  #idiots
Now is EXACTLY the time to block it. and if you endorse it it is only another reason to vote you OUT!
Completely disagree.  Hope he does NOT get confirmed. @SenCasey @SenToomey please vote NO for PA.
#Nuclear would not only give us back a constitutional @SenateFloor to do the Will of #WeThePeople, it would utterly oust the 11 #NeverTrumpers and 7 #RINOS that love hiding behind @TheDemocrats crimes. So sad
Hey Marco, you need to stay away from @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC as nobody is threatening our national security. Israel is not a part of this country and they can defend themselves.
The #Senate will invite #Pompeo to the Block party. Where they Block around the clock.
@marcorubio ALL Congress threatening Nat’l Security. Yes, how many Russian vics received sx-abuse settlements from Cong 20yr Fraud n 154D Silence since;
> https://www.cnn.com/2017/11/16/politics/settlements-congress-sexual-harassment/index.html …
> why offenders have security clearances?
> 200 D 2Midterms. Then speak n allow media 2speak?
@VP
That's it "Little Marco" now that we know u are 1 of the RINOS taking money from George Soros the man vowing to bring America Down

You had better scramble helping President Trump & his languishing nominees & his beleagered Family & Team (who suffer under 24/7 assault from MSM)
Diplomacy is NOT Mike Pompeo.
While you’re at it, vote NO on Bridenstein for head of @NASA ! He’s a science denier, unqualified, & embroiled in a self-dealing scandal. There’s no place for him in our nation’s esteemed offices or agencies. VOTE NO!
Hell no, he will not! He’s a sycophant with little diplomatic experience who hid his biz dealings w the Chinese govt. Call your senators & tell them to vote NO on Pompeo.
So now you want action?
That is exactly why the Democrats want to oppose him you can't make deals with these people senator they are enemies domestic enemies of this country for the most part not all of them but most of them are
He’s not fit to be our chief diplomat.  And Trump’s “covert” diplomacy is a sham.  We won’t get fooled again.
Did you stand up to keep Tillerson?
YOU do YOUR job. Pass the ENTIRE #MARCHFOROURLIVES AGENDA, then move on to other important items.
yes it is. if we want a democratic government.
Is that because he'll torture anyone who doesn't do what he wants? Or because as a torturer he'll be able to relate to Durete, Putin and Xi?
Get your nose out of Trumps behind, preacher.
Pompeo is qualified.  Trump has a right to choose his cabinet.  Never-Trump morons don't get to choose his cabinet.  Never-Trump morons were rejected by the voters.
My bad. Thought @jff2642 was replying to another tweet.

On this, I disagree with him and agree with @MarcoRubio.

I support Pompeo's nomination.

He, along with Haley, Mattis, Bolton, and Pence are the best and brightest of the Trump Administration.
Look boca llena de mierda no one to blame but terrible trump
Look at all the twitter activity by the republicans in the House and Senate. It's only 7 months till the midterms and their scrambling tweeting what we did and what we will do. As my good friend Beetlejuice says
@kanyewest @AMarch4OurLives @InSpiteOfTrump @Comey @paladine @princessfemme @CIA @StateDept @ThePerezHilton @funder @AriMelber @dailykos @50thand8th @axlrose @MaddowBlog  Ok, you want a fantastic Secretary of State? Well I’m ready, throw my hat in the ring
baby cakees, leave it to moi & the resistance.. consider it a done deal, madame secretary of state!! show ‘em how to work FOR the ppl w/ class, integrity, compassion, honesty, wisdom, and equality for all!! 
@SenateGOP reap what they sow
When he was president, he was a communist. When the most rampant, it is recommended that the United States sell arms to Taiwan must consider this 
The real Russian threat is the Russian cyber attacks on our democracy.  Pompeo is a lunatic, we already have enough of them in the Trump admin.  Grow a pair Liddle Marco
Wait Russia IS threatening national security? Would you tell the Commander-in-Chief, because he just dropped the new sanctions plan against them and keeps tweeting out our military strategies against the countries they support, in advance. Thanks!
Mr Rubio ..... you seem to be losing your sense of what is best for this country we treasure .!
Well I'm not sure if you got 49 other senators who agree with you. Guess you all gotta do your jobs and make sure
You cannot be trusted with basic concepts...like the seperation of church and state...so why would we believe you about this bs...step down...perhaps even choke on the ashes of the country you helped Donnie destroy...
#seperationofchurchandstate
I'm fairly sure that one could argue that same point about a threat to national security at any time during at least the last 80 years. The real issue now is that we need a diplomat, not a hawk, for SOS.
Block his sorry ass!!
Thank you Marco Rubio! #VotePompeoFreeKoreans
Exactly NOT the time for the Senate to abdicate its responsibilities.
#Pompeo
Now is definitely time!
But you play politics all the time @marcorubio. Why are you holding Susan Thornton nomination? @hughhewitt, what say you?
if russia is a threat to national security why did the president just decline further russian sanctions (without bothering to tell his UN ambassador)?
Why was now the time to get rid of Tillerson?
What you’re doing is advocating for a man that is a warmonger, and with these 4 nations joining forces and possibly bringing in other fragile nations, we could be at the edge of #WORLDWARIII Is that what you really want? Will u enlist?
Says the person who blocked Obama’s Supreme Court nominee for no other reason than political gains
Nah.   He should be blocked
Demos get over it!! Pompeo confirmed today!! STOP obstructionist behavior put America first for once.
It’s exactly the time! We need a balanced and educated leader, not another @realDonaldTrump corrupt mob friend.
YOU need to go home.
All that Bible reading, and quoting, is giving you Wisdom
Says who?
Marco Rubio, the softest snowflake
As soon as he redecorates his office.
idiot
You drink too much kool aid
We must not let the CCP take the ride of democratic technology, or the consequences will be more powerful measures against the people of the world.
Think of what would happen if the slave society had hackers and nuclear weapons?
Everyone in the world may still be in slave society
Hmm did you feel the same way when you were blocking all of 44 nominees? No? Party over country for you Marco?
I think the right time is when there is an appointment at hand. BTW, unless you pushed for Merrick Garland to get a vote, stay silent on this topic.
Yes and then we can have him and Bolton and Sean Hannity advising trump so surely we can finally go to war with Iran which they so dearly want. You are useless, Rubio. Go sell used cars or something where you can't hurt the country. #VoteThemAllOut
@funder  I find it absolutely disturbing that Trump and his entire corrupt administration has a better relationship with Russia and North Korea, than most of our allies. But it makes sense. #TrumpResign https://www.twitter.com/funder/status/986609703496093696?p=v …  @APPGNorthKorea  #pce
I find it absolutely disturbing that Trump and his entire corrupt administration has a better relationship with Russia and North Korea, than most of our allies. But it makes sense. #TrumpResign
Pompeo has always been a Trumper. Listen to his Senate testimony. He is a Trump lackey who will amplify Trump's worst tendencies. This is my concern. He also will not be a beacon of human rights. Find a better SOS candidate!
Anything you say - I do the opposite.
$1.05
All depends on your definition of superb diplomat and effective leader. I'm thinking he's more of a "warhawk".
You couldn't scare a child. Pompeo is a hawk that wants war. You are to stupid to see it.
Blocking him because he is totally unqualified and completely incompetent in this capacity is a very good reason. He is out of his element.
Pompeo is not right for the state dept But lets just strip the state dept more Make Putin happier after all you seem to like his bribes
Hi Sir, I think not ,that he is the right person for this job , that is my opinion ! Sir Michael S Rogers from NSA would be better for this job! Well , the way it is God bless you
He is a purveyor of hate and discrimination that does not share real American values.
Now Russia is bad. What about the Russian’s meddling in the US and working with Trump? Is that not bad?
Rejecting a bigot against Muslims like Pompeo is as appropriate and necessary as it would be to reject an anti-Semitic nominee. Every Senator who votes to confirm Pompeo is voting that bigotry against Muslims is acceptable and has a place in defining US foreign policy.
Now is EXACTLY the time to block Pompeo’s nomination, for the EXACT reasons you listed. 
As usual, you have it precisely backwards.
Have you looked st his background? He does not have good values, therefore is unqualified to represent us.
Actually he’ll be a crappy diplomat, and gut the #StateDept even more than #RexDrillerson did, but I suppose you’ll just have to find that out for yourself. Maybe you can send him some scriptural references to at least help him in his evangelical efforts with #KJU.
Just remember games can change into their favor someday and boy is the Republicans going to have a field day with our next democrat president! What comes around goes around!  I’ll never forget this crap!

Whoever decides to block him will be voted right out of DC America is tired of their BS fire Schumer
Hey Rubio Baby, listen to your proverbs and stop talking bullshit
 (  )(  ):::::::::::::::::D~~LOL~~~~ 9/11 was a hoax
It's not the time to play golf either. Maybe we need a full time president? One who reads his security briefings?? If @realDonaldTrump would quit firing people you wouldn't have to beg like this. Shame @GOP
Why should anyone listen to you? You have extremely poor judgment.
NOW is exactly the time!
Golly. If only there could've been a *qualified* SoS hired and confirmed in early 2017. And then not fired.
Another lie from the religious guy!
Here’s some toilet paper ‘Little Marco,’ to wipe that brown spot off the tip of your nose.#Spineless #Putz
Amen, you better help here...!!!
I was really hoping you just lost your way got awhile but you are sinking lower and lower .
Please resign
Yes I think he has proven to be one grownup in the room in dealing with Kim. This Dem would approve Director Pompeo; not play politics. How about Repubs give us one back if we concur.
Senator please support the legislation to deny the end of Net Neutrality! Corporate America does not own The Internet!
I really wish I could resend my vote for you.  At least I only regret my primary vote.  You need to get off the #TrumpTrain unless you're done trying to run for President or VP.
That's his whole agenda, trying to gain political ground to run in 2020 for president again. #Notinmylifetime
Pompeo is a slam dunk!! Democrats are scared he will be to effective is only reason they will obstruct! Period!!
thks Marco for your leadership by example and giving us a NASA director and putting the interest of USA first!!
What's up with this pompeo's
Sneaky trip to North Korea he's not even secretary of state yet trump is a shady
Piece of republican swamp
Water floating feces. This is America not the mafia trump or should refer to you as the
Don Corrlionni. LMFAO.
Hey @RandPaul read @marcorubio message please and vote appropriately. Thank you
Uhhhh so all those other times you played politics before were just...
It’s not political. It’s common sense: we don’t need a war-loving, Islamophobic Trump sycophant as the nation’s top diplomat. Pompeo is not a diplomat; and YOU think John Bolton is wonderful, so that tells us that you should be ignored.
Hey, remember that time Obama nominated a qualified candidate to the federal bench and Tom Cotton blocked the nomination *until she passed away*?
Stop using the crisis your party’s leader created to scare people.
AND HOPEFULLY WILL NEVER DISAGREE WITH LORD TRUMP LIKE THAT CHEEKY REX TILLERSON!
Pompeo went to N. Korea to meet the dictator there. Then went to the oval office to see the dick taker here.
It’s not politics you ass hat. He will undoubtedly make all of those situations 10x worse. Now go back to posting bible verses and leave the governing to the capable. Kthanks
 Whatbin the heck Gov Officials are doing? All those in Congress they need to do their jobs and stop holding confirmations of our president appointees! Seems that congress is abusing their pay but doing nothing for evil reasons! 
Since Russia is a threat, why did Trump kill sanctions we agreed to with allies?
What does it matter? He’ll be sacked in 6 months
he's just another trump stooge who he talks great about now, and in six months he'll be looking for the next stooge.
No we shouldnotpromote a Spy.
Or....not...
Love the deflection of reality. Pretty sure the US is the threat to everyone else... not the other way around.
So incredibly sick of your spinning. If you and your puppet master Donald Trump want nominees confirmed, then name people who are qualified. Otherwise, plan on failure. Should be nothing new for you.
Pompeo is a terrible pick for SoS.
Now you agree Russia is a threat
Have faith.  God is more powerful than #luciferianleftism.  We know that by His Holy Word. "There's an army rising up!"
Did you play politics for 8 years under Obama?  Just curious
It's not politics. Is opposing someone for holding unapologetic bigoted views about fellow Americans "playing politics" or simply the right thing to do? As a former @StateDept official, it's the latter. #EmgageAction opposes this nominee and so should you.
NO he would not.  With Bolton already the National Security Adviser if Pompeo is confirmed for Secretary of State we will be declaring war on the entire world.  Marco you're not a great judge of character obviously.
You are surrounded by the "goats on the left." They are demonic.
If Russia is threatening our National Security, then why don't you push for those sanctions that trump won't implement? The Russians have done so much damage already to our country. They helped elect trump. Just sayin....
The @marcorubio I supported would never have called oversight “playing politics.” 

I realize there isn’t much you can do about Trump but have you really given up so completely? What about your integrity? Isn’t that still worth something?
Cierra la boca y pon atención. Te comportas como un mandilón con un  presidente que aborrece a Latinos. Dáte cuenta.
Here's a dime... Call someone who cares what you think
Little Marco. U continue to be on the wrong side of history. U r Trumps butt boy. Wake up dude, u look ridiculous. #TrumpIsAnIdiot
Sure let's just ignore his islamaphobia and homophobia for the sake of just having a warm body in a chair.
If the country’s diplomacy was so important, then trump should have nominated someone qualified to do the job. Make your appeal to trump to step up his game.
The job is politics
No he won’t.
Wake up NRA pawn! Even the NRA is bought by Russia just like you.@amjoyshow @cnnbrk @AC360
Did it ever occur to you that he's not wanted in that position by anyone but a few?
Weasel
#supportthetroops but not if they're fighting Russians bc Republicans like Russia for helping us cheat to win our elections. Those American troops should just allow Russia to kill them bc 'Mercia & it will make liburls cry. #GOPTraitors
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/u-s-troops-who-repelled-russian-mercenaries-prepare-more-attacks-n855271 … via @NBCNews
It’s not politics. The guy is unfit and at least unlike Trump can’t be elected despite all that.
Actually, it is.
Scum bag senator in NRA's pocket endorses war criminal. Shut up.
Now you decide not to play politics?
Resign,fearmongerer
Merrick Garland sends his regards.
#DictatorMadeInUSA #corruption #impunity Keep arming & training illegitimate militaries w/US$ & baking & putting in power DICTATORS like the one in Honduras by supporting #electoralfraud and then complain about Security of the State. #hypocrites
A superb leader just like you
Two words for you, Marco:  Merrick Garland.
Not play. Serious, intentional deliberation. Stop insulting people and look at your “play”
Man....your judgement is soooo soooo bad. This isn't even a partisan thing. Stop acting like it is just because you're a partisan hack.
Amazing how many negative reactions to your tweet, Senator. Who do you work for...your constituents or Donald Trump?
