Sergeant Noel Ramirez. Deputy Sheriff Taylor Lindsey.

Our heroes. Killed in the line of duty today, April 19th, at the Ace China in Trenton…
So sad that our protectors put their lives on the line every day and then lose it to senseless acts
Let us also not forget that teachers to put their lives at risk everyday simply in an attempt to educate or youth.

Your resistance to an assault rifle ban speaks to your immorality.  Would it solve our gun problem?  No.  But would it make the problem worse?  Also, no.
Does BLACK LIVES MATTER have anything to say about this?
Gun violence is not a #liberal or #conservative problem. It is an American problem. As a leader you need to ask the CDC to do research and propose fact/science-based solutions. You were not elected to be a spectator or commentator. #NationalSchoolWalkout
The CDC numbers are so skewed  cant see the forest through the trees let the researchers do the work sub90 IQ CNN MSNBC parrots need not apply.  Second biggest socialist joke after Hogg in a helicopter in Liberty City, turned against by his fellow students its buy a pail of rocks
How much money did you take from the NRA  and what is your rating with them? Gun Regulations work; the question is who do you work for?
Marco works for the NRA! He took over $3,000,000 to oppose any and all gun laws.
No sir, just do your job. We don’t need to tolerate ANY gun violence.
Lewis I’m a Repub and I agree we should stop the murder. How about we start with the legislation to stop the murder of millions of babies each year. We are now at 53 million dead since the law was passed. Are you with me?
Prayers!
lil marco says "sorry I handed that gun to the guy but oh well thoughts and prayers, go NRA and keep the #NRABloodMoney coming!"
CIA agents LG,nissan,nakegun,columbiana,wendy,friday,nerd,ork wants to kill Kairatov Mussa,Khamzina Anar,Gulnar Khamzina and then say Trump, Pompeo, Gina Haspel that it was accident or that theydidn'tunderstoodthe orderorthati'm a bad.

Thank you for what you do Sir. It's not a gun problem, it's a heart/people problem.
And a moral, spiritual problem, thank you
Hypocrite
Back up your accusation of why you think he is a hypocrite.
Thanks you for your support of our law enforcement officers Senator
And then there are the 2 who arrested black men for being black in Starbucks. At least they didn’t get shot by police because too many white people were standing around and might have been hit when they shot every bullet in their clips, reloaded and shot them some more.
You must be12 it was Starbucks who caused the issue the police wanted nothing to do with it.  Thats why the CEO is closing stores for retraining all of them keep using that sub90 IQ of yours to parrot CNN.  The cops didn't want to arrest them which is why they were released moron
Your safety...not mine
And remove guns from such as these.
Praying is not working.  Grow a pair and take some action.
Stop praying and do something about gun control. What is it that you don’t understand?
so sad!  Blessings on their families!
The time is coming when you will no longer be in office
Didn’t Obama make it legal kill cops? Perhaps only if the shooter has brown skin.
mira porqueria porque no le metes la lupa a los EEUU en lo interno y buscas soluciones por ejemplo a los asesinatos racistas, los tiroteos en las escuelas la pobreza extrema en los barrios del Bronx por mencionarte algunas que paso en honduras en brasil en peru,
Glad to see you growing into your position.  Keep plugging away.
Stop diverting attention from GUN VIOLENCE. Pass the ENTIRE #MARCHFOROURLIVES AGENDA TODAY!! How well have your thoughts and prayers been working?!?!?? ACT!!!
mete tu plan marchal alli y da un buen ejemplo para que puedas opinar y meterte en los asuntos internos de los demas paises arriba hay un dios que mira hacia abajo y tarde o temprano EEUU va a pagar todo lo que han hecho en el mundo
Speak English and if you don't like it here go to Cuba it's lovely this time of year and they have a wonderful new Dictator worse than Castro if you can believe it Probably worse that Guevara to its a said day for Cuban Americans.
Praying for the families
Praying
Another useless “thoughts and prayers” to the gun violence. WHAT A COWARD YOU ARE
God bless them for their dedicated duty. Prayers for their family & friends!!

Senator Rubio I generally don’t stand with You on issues; however, I commend you on this act of honoring our fallen heroes. Thank you sir
共匪一直在压榨、奴狱14亿中国人。很多公民被非法关进监狱，甚至非法地无限期关押。
必须继续严厉制裁共匪，一旦共匪偷窃到全球的高新技术，全世界的災烂降临，那时候共匪将压榨全世界。
——共匪是人类的魔鬼。
Thoughts and Prayers currently trading at 0 on the TSX
In 1994, John Highnote was accused of misdemeanor criminal mischief, but the case was dismissed the following year. 
In 1978, he was accused of felony carrying a concealed weapon, but the charge was also dismissed. But he had a gun?
How about protecting our men in blue Senator?
Why would he not be allowed to have a gun? He wasn’t a felon.
Tell that to the families of the deputies killed.
Thesr twerts  though moving snd deserving, will not make up gor you betraying Americans ny allowing Trump to trample our Justice system. A man who with his own words anf actions proves hes a liar and crook GET A SPINE AND DO WHATS RIGHT. PROTECT INVESTIGATION!!


...sorry about those "good guys with a gun".... #ThoughtsAndPrayers #NRAIsATerroristOrganization
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
Until something is done about sensible gun control, you and the rest of the do-nothing Congress as well as the low life in the WH are all complicit in all the gun deaths.
What do you think they should do about it?
And the children killed in Parkland. Sensible gun laws would make law enforcement jobs safer.
May god be with them,And the Family
Prayers NEVER help
God have mercy on them and grant peace to their loved ones.

Please show respect for the victims and their families. No matter your opinion on Marco, they will read your words and they only need uplifting comfort right now.

400,000 people a year are dying from climate change and you just voted to put a science denier in charge of our country's top climate change monitoring agency.  You're an accomplice to manslaughter and should be standing trial for crimes against humanity.
Nice 2012 report. Which alarmists predictions didnt come true
So when you pray to God does that mean he doesn't already know what's going on?
Marco Rubio is paid to enable gun deaths.  #NRAIsATerroristOrganization. MarcoRubio is a terrorist enabler. #ThrowThemOut #GunReformNow GOP=DEATH
Too soon to politicize, is what you're saying?  Because of course you are.
No I’m not. People died and people can’t even let 1 hour pass and be decent
Perhaps that's because that is what NRA supporters say every single time someone dies as a result of gun violence.  Every.  Single.  Time.  Very generally right before or after "Thoughts and prayers."
Kelp your false,  pious, hypocritical concern to yourself.
1 2wq
Let's not get into the cycle of "prayers and thoughts" and fix the problem legislatively. There are way too many guns on the street.... and, about the alleged Russia backed #NRABloodMoney you accepted, doesn't that just perpetuate the problem on the street? #GunReformNow
#BeObamaWeNeverHadSoManyBoldMurders
#BeforeObamaWeNeverHadSoManyBoldMurders
#SoSad
Message approved by NRA
Thoughts and prayers for public. Money for GOP
I will definately keep them in my prayers. Sometimes we all get caught up in our own lives, but there's times I know that I need to put myself in the victims families shoes,and not take for granted just how valuable life and loved ones truely are.


You drink the blood of puppies. Stop with the phony occasional humanity. If you had a soul your votes would reflect that.
If only their families prayed this wouldn’t have happened.  Right Little Marco?
If Rubio stopped flooding our streets with guns, we wouldn’t have this many casualties. Thoughts and prayers are no longer enough. Our law enforcers deserve better.
So you falsely insult Rubio for showing sympathy for the two officers who were gun down while eating at a restaurant by a criminal.
Praying for Florida from Massachusetts 
You got me on the first 2 sentences That I Will do. The rest will half to prove their selves trust is a hard thing to regain once broken. When you recognize this you"LL understand why. Sworn to protect and serve. thanks
Mr . Bible verse, what are you doing for Puerto Rico?
Prayers don’t do anything. Just a convenient platitude for you to spout to make look like you care. If you really care you’d be pushing for responsible gun regulations instead of lining your pockets with NRA blood money.
YOU PERSONALLY MADE THIS MURDER POSSIBLE. 
#NRABloodMoney #NRAIsATerroristOrganization 
Marco Rubio is funded by a terrorist organization.
If only there was a way to keep guns out of criminals' hands...
Good guys with a gun didnt stop a bad guy with a gun... too bad you want so many bad guys to have guns.
"Lets pray"  You really are out of touch and wired only in favor of what benefits, you and protects, you.
You killed Barbara Bush !!!!!
Not sure I follow this one. Lol
How about 17 people you sacrificed at Parkland for your @nra money
The FBI and Broward sheriff dept. Failed to arrest the derange killer before the horrible incident but lets not talk about that right? Lets blame people who weren't even involve how idiotic
Learn the facts! The police and @FBI visited Cruz 39 times. Thanks to Marion Hammer and the @NRA, they we NOT ALLOWED to take his guns. The police were and are powerless thanks to laws the NRA created with their minions in the senate! The blood is squarely on the @NRA’s hands
The police weren't powerless. They could of Baker act him which is a law in florida. also they had enough to arrest him but never did and that allow him to have a clean record and was able to buy firearms.
They failed to enforce the laws.
Your the killer !!!!!!!
And today's reward for grammatically incorrect sheep statement of the day goes to...
You offer absolutely nothing to keep officers safe. Just keep cashing NRA checks and confirming unqualified nominees. You’re a disgrace senator and you should be ashamed.

So brooding.  So brave.  If only all our youth had such courage…
https://twitter.com/politikalpoll/status/986788034673893382?s=12 …
We need #GunReformNow
