1 John 3:16-24 New International Version 17 If anyone has material possessions and sees a brother or sister in need but has no pity on them, how can the love of God be in that person? 18 Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth.
I love yours & we carry that in our hearts.
The bible verse pumping out of context does no one any good. Tell us how this applies to some intended action or behavior. A priest does that much; although as a Senator you should have more practical concerns. Do something good.

Not soon enough
You crack me up. I almost blew the water I was drinking straight out of my nose on this one. 
Amen!beautiful psalm Senator Marco Rubio 
You better change your ways then and do right. Y your fellow man,because I don't think you are doing as The LORD would have you do!!!

What is with all the bible verses? Geez Louise. You represent everyone-including those of other faiths and without faith. Act like it.
We long as well for you to meet god...... forgive us oh lord.... 
Dude give it up! No one CaRes ! Go home  already !
Sir, unlike you I'm no Bible expert - I'm an atheist (Heaven forbid!). Therefore, would you mind posting an appropriate biblical quotation that justifies & supports your willingness to be the @NRA's second most important receiver of #bloodmoney?
In joyful* anticipation.

* not


I really give you credit for your tweet, because no politicians ever speak like that, they are all ashamed of God, and i know one day, Jesus will have the last word, because he is the way, the true and the life...
You're free to start up a Bible Study with your buds in the Senate. Call the folks at @capmin
Oh for fuck's sake! Give it a rest, Marco. God sees your hypocricy!
Said the school yard insulter.

and?
All the people murdered by gun violence got to see the face of God before their time. Put the Bible away and do your job, you hypocritical Christian.
so true. the evangelicals are becoming a dangerous cult
And have ruined my religion in the eyes of so many.  MOST Evangelicals are not Christ Like at all.  Not all of us who follow the teachings of Christ turn our heads to the injustices of the poor &give way to greed like Marco. Jesus would NOT be carrying a AR based on the Gospels.
Of course Jesus told love above all love even those that are unloveable
yes. he did
Gun control now you hypocrite
Actually you’re longing for our votes this November BUT you  aren’t getting them.
As the children long for safety at schools, so my soul longs for blood money, O @NRA. My pockets thirst for dollars, the terrorist @NRA. When can I vote against gun law reform and see more blood money from the @NRA? RUBIO 04:23
We Need all Americans to expanded walkouts to include fair treatment for all people. We need new Leadership in Congress, Both Parties are Out of Touch & Have Been in DC for Far Too Long. Times-UP for the Next Generation to Take Control of DC.
All Americans need to read what Our Founding Fathers wrote in The Declaration of Independence “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are
Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness.” The words “all men are created equal” not that white men, black men, yellow men, red men, but “all men are created equal” America must live up to those words if we are to survive as a Nation.
I believe this will Help America Deal with All Violent in Our Nation. It’s time all Americans looked beyond Race, Creed, Sex, Age, Religion, Sexual Orientation, Ethnic Background, Mental & Physical Disability’s.
It's great that you quote scriptures but it does no good if you bear no good fruit what have you done for the American people


Love this verse
Go Now
Whatever.
"And the Lord said Thou shalt raw dawg porn stars insomuch as thou dost give tax cuts to the Pharisees.  Blessed be the foul mouthed bigots for theirs is the Kingdom of the MAGA"

Hypocrites 3:16

Are you a preacher?
You sure as heck are not a representative of the people.
We the people want common sense gun laws...ban assault weapons, increase quality of background checks & red flag warnings. Otherwise go to church and preach and keep separate from our govt. 
#No1likesu

that deer would not want to drink out of lake Okeechobee, not even the fish can survive . Separate state and church. Hail Satan!
Pick up a club and join the circumcellions. Instead of beating on Roman soldiers go after cops. They’ll help you see your god.
No redemption for you
STOP!!!

Never

Espousing the scripture just emphasizes your hypocrisy and hate. #trumpspatsy
What’s with all the Bible passages? Trying to woo hypocritical evangelicals? Hack
Tf these sound like bad teenage love letters?


Bull, innocent lives were taking (again) over the weekend. Your answer...quotes.....here is one for you.......
James 2:17 “So also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.”

Every single morning you tweet this stuff. Everyday you are given a chance to make kind and just choices for the people and nation and be true to your tweet. But you don’t. So your tweets are hollow. Your words are meaningless. Why do you persist?

I understand the tweet and this is a lovely song. I just desire Christians to walk their faith. I think Marco Rubio has a tremendous opportunity that few are given. He should use his remaining time wisely. There is social justice work to be done.
You'll see somebody's face, but God isn't down there where you're going.

I’m so disappointed reading your tweets about your imaginary friends. Get real. DO YOUR JOB!
Shut up.  Seriously.
You have to clean up your act first. Yea, I know you quote scripture so that uninformed people will think you’re a good guy. But just like all men who quote scripture, you’re a phony hypocrite. You may want to see God’s face, but he’s seen your heart. You in trouble gurrrlll.
Your job, which you chose, is to work for the people of FL, not be a part time religious freak.

When you pray, you shall not be as the hypocrites, for they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen by men. Most certainly, I tell you, they have received their reward. Matthew 6:5

Whenever comrade Cheeto invite you to the White House you can see your false god
“Ask not when, for the end is near and it’s your damn fault!”

Mom, 23:31

Thank you, but with Marco Rubio I am reminded of an old, but valuable saying: “Even Satan can quote scripture.” 

A tree is known by its fruit. Where are his fruits of the spirit found? In the pockets of billionaires and in the eyes of children lacking adequate healthcare.
How's the separation of church and state going there hypocrite?
The concept of a “separation of church and state” reinforces the legal right of a free people to freely live their faith, even in public; without fear of government coercion. Free exercise means you may have a faith and you may live it.
as-Salâm Alaikum
Now would be a good time for you to go enter to see the face of God, and take trump with you. It will be a short meeting I’m sure. #FakeChristian
@marcorubio the souls of your constituents longs.for DACA reform, gun control reform and the impeachment of the conman who was elected president
“As the politician realizes he’ll never be president, he continues to tweet out bible verses with the hope that he will find redemption.  The hypocrisy of tweeting out bible verses and supporting unChristian policies is lost on Marco.” 
Hypocrites 28:638

Maybe you should drop out of the Senate and join a church?
Are you dying?
When you stop being greedy for power and start doing what God would want and working for Peace and standing up for virtue.  That’s when.
Sold your soul to the NRA and #TrumpCrimeSyndicate



Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep’s clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves. Matthew 7:15
And the Lord said "go and kill the innocent children with semi automatic weapons across the land." - AR15.34

Thanks. Do you know the Buddha?
His followers go back further.
His teachings of enlightenment moved Jesus to a new plain of thought.
Faith without works is dead

I have sung this in church. In no way did it remind me of any Republican I know of.
Why not quit the Senate and go try?

Shut it @marcorubio blah blah blah


God will honor those who know and Love the Truth
Resign and go to the seminary.
Marco, seek help. Psychiatric help.
Ezekiel , 23:20

See I can quote the Bible too
Sorry little Marco. The gates of heaven don't open for vile, self-serving hypocrits such as yourself. Your voting record is just about as anti Christ as it can get.
Rubio,thats a great idea. Since you suck at politics take you a Maxwell house coffee can down to a busy st corner and preach gods word all day
Soon??????
The way you are screwing the elderly, you will never see the face of God
Hiding behind the Bible. But we see you.
TWISTIANS UNITE!! PREACH THE HOLY GOSPEL AS IT WAS INTENDED; IN BITE-SIZED PASSAGES MEANT TO MAKE YOU LOOK HOLY WHILE YOU LIVE A LIFE COMPLETELY ANTITHETICAL TO CHRISTIAN VALUES!!!  

I couldn't have orchestrated this shit any better myself!
Marco, the Twitter Christian. The Twistian.
2 Timothy 3:5- They [ people like you @marcorubio ] will act religious, but they will reject the power that could make them godly. Stay away from people like that!
For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and forfeit his soul? Mark 8:36

Try reading it, not tweeting the bits you think make you look good.
Still sucking up to the evangelicals huh
Hypocrisy at its height
Resign
Way to keep the separation of church and state .. time to Vote you Out
Oh Deer! You should resign to politics and start a career as preacher... or monk... with a vow of silence #BlueWave2018
Please resign and go be a TV evangelist. Maybe wear an Armani suit and get your followers to buy you a private jet and a big mansion. Yes Lord maybe they could even build you a mega Church and a TV weekly broadcast.
Just stop. Your references to the Bible or quoting scripture does not give you a free pass with Christians or your evangelical voters. You are a horrible statesman who has done little good if any for the state you so poorly represent.
Your soul belongs to the NRA.
Se esta reuniendo con la OPOSICION equivocada que quiere que Nicolas Maduro continue gobernado en Venezuela. La MUD son unos taidore tienenn sus negocios con el gobierno. Allup, Omar Barboza y otros.
Never, hypocrite.
And we are waiting for you to stand up to Trump.
Walk in front if a huge bus, a semi truck etc., if ya dont see the face of God upon impact, you know you're headed to the right place, HELL.
You sound very gay right now .
Don't call on God now after you signed W/Devil ! What happened to you Sir? Your legacy has been over shadowed! Poof Gone ....
Dont do it man! - get help!
Dude, to answer your question...any time.
Amen
Hypocrite #FakeChristian
Amen
Hey, Marco - God called. He said the answer is never. You’ll never enter & see the face of God. Then he said something about how no one can serve both God and the #NRA. Then something along the lines of “Lord, Lord” & “depart from me; I never knew you.” That was the gist, anyway.
I would prefer you speak your mind than continue to ‘quote’ scripture. If scripture is your source of righteousness, I’m out.  Speaking as a conservative at heart, but a liberal in life. People matter.
Stop quoting scriptures. As long as you align with the devil your quotes don’t mean shit!
Seriously?
Marco???? Are you alive? I am a catholic and I live God. But, you are forgetting your job. Your not pastor. Your a Republican and now Nicaragua needs your help.
You are such a fake. Lets see you vote once for the people.
Awesome scripture. Are you supporting our president?
You need to stoo with the bull-ish Rubio. You are an evil man.
God wants you to stop over saturating the word for your own stupid benefit, Marco boy.

Phoney
Blessed are the pure of heart http://Senator.So  get the NRA demon out of your life and return the blood money they gave you.The NRA is despicable and have aided and abetted http://murder.Do  the right thing Senator.
I'm just curious... given the hypocrisy in your party and your own unwillingness to stand up to the rampant corruption and greed, what do you think Jesus will say when you finally meet him?  Cause you aren't fooling us...
BS. Gun control. Ban assault weapons now 
Are you seeking to be Pastor or Senator? Get control of your leader.
You're SO full of shit.
Amen, Senator.
God will bless you for writing that, don't listen to the negativity, all non believers will find out someday that Jesus is the way the truth and the life!
$1.05
No mames.
That is my favorite hymn
Yes we all need to thirst for God more thank you for posting these scriptures they mean a lot! I’m praying for you to stand strong in wisdom and your walk with Jesus blessings Mr. Rubio.
You can leave anytime.  You won't be missed
Go to Hell you bible spouting hypocrite
One of my favorites.
Marco....stop speaking you have nothing to say.
Thank you Pastor Rubio. You little #nrabitchforlife
Wtf? What is wrong with you?
How about Thou shall not kill
Really?!
We must ask God for the goodness to do the best for the continent &  take more than actions more than sansions to end with the sake suffer of the people where their life r under a dictator’s will.
The sooner the better.
Amén!
Are you a politician or some religious zealot??
You hypocrite

And Jesus said-
“You cannot serve god and money.” 
Matthew 6:24

#NeverAgain
#MSDstrong
So are you saying that the poors in Detroit should drink God?

Your point, Marco?
Must be election time Marco.
Buh-bye then
Frankly your tweets and values are in direct opposition -get a mental health check
Maybe you’d be less thirsty if you’d grow a spine and do what you know is the right thing at least once in your life. Vote no on Pompei like you should have done on that horrible NASA guy.
Has someone checked you for a drug screen ?
What’s wrong with you ?
I gaurantee you do not know where god resides!!
One of my favorite verses
Amen
Is your worth more than $1.05
Wow, you speak of God the same way you speak of NRA dollars.
What???? Marco Rubio needs to go, he needs to resign and open up his own church,  his views do not belong in as an Florida representative, he has lost my vote.
Amen
Anytime at all. Please feel free to see the Face of God as soon as convenient for you.
Clean streams? Not ones filled with filth and coal ash?
Go now .
Are you practicing for your future career? #FakeChristian
#Resign
Awesome Senator Rubio- we have to go back to our foundation God and country- everything will fall into place after that
Hypocrite
Perhaps you should focus on th New Testament. See how Christ treated the poor and the Pharisees.
Hey, Marco. Have a drink of water from Flint MI., why don’t you!
drop dead
Those doggone Russian tweet bots...now they’re trolling Christian politicians who express their religious views because surely good, peace loving, tolerant liberals wouldn’t have responses like these 
I'm afraid you're going to have to get off the naughty list if you ever want to see the face of God.
Deer Sen. Rubio (pun intended):

Your thirst for Me would be more believable if you used your position to help the little guy, the downtrodden, and the refugee, as I have commanded, instead of just serving your corporate masters, the NRA, and the extremely rich.

Sincerely,
God
It sounds better in Hebrew.
Hypocrisy at its best!
Jesus wept.
Maybe when you stop allowing guns that kill people’s kids.
ahahaha honestly, this never gets old. Keep being you #LittleMarco
You keep forgetting - actions speak louder then words!
You tell em.
Amen!  We are children of a God who hears and answers prayer.  He never lets us down. It is so refreshing to watch Him being honored by leaders such as yourself.  God bless you and your family.
Be careful what you ask for

Palms for psalms
You can probably enter and see the face of God when you take action on helping people in Puerto Rico. Otherwise, you are just uttering empty phrases, which God does not love.
And on the other hand doing politics against latino immigrants, yes, I said Latinos, where his parents and grandparents were born...
You're so creepy.
Is Rubio leaving politics and going into a ministry?
AND GOD SAID:  LET THERE BE MANY WEAPONS OF HATE 

AND MAY THE POLITICIANS BE RICH FROM THEIR LOBBY !!
Did Jesus carry an assalt rifle?
One can only wish!
The president comment and latest tweet
" we don't want them to breeding "is nothing but the racist comment you and your colleague must protest this otherwise you are is sniffling coward.
If Trump think that his race is better than ours we could tell by the bastard he fatherd.
A Rubio if you would open your EYES and see what's going on around you I'm sure that you will see the face of God in your heart, there is no THIRIST in you other than for money.
Are you going to kill yourself?
Marco I'm in your corner but this constant quoting of the bible. You got anything else? How about who you think the Dolphins are going to take with their #1 pick.
How 'bout Tuesday?
There was another mass shooting.  Four people died in a Waffle House at the hands of a man that should never had a firearm, let alone an AR15.   What are you doing @marcorubio to fix this problem?!

So this is what presidential candidate defeat looks like eh!  Quit hiding and serve your constituents.

You are useless.  This means nothing as long as you’re in the deep pockets of the NRA and god knows who else.  And I believe wholeheartedly in the goodness of God
Yes, we have seen you thirsty... for water... for money but not for dog!
You'll be thirsty until your political career is over and you stop slandering and using power to oppress the poor for a living.
You can kick off anytime you want. Oh. Wait. Was that a rhetorical question?
