参议员卢比奥说，“中国人民和中国共产党是两回事。我们应当继续支持中国人民，特别是在他们争取人权时而面对镇压时。”
他以后要参选总统。他一定要当总统。
也许在川普之后吧。
不懂政治。不清楚。他这样说的挺好，等坐上总统位置在共产党糖衣炮弹的攻击下在变卦了，那不让人讨厌吗。
他应该是比较正直的人，直接的糖衣炮弹肯定不会接受，间接的有可能会
俺也不太关心，更不太清楚美帝
当年Hillary竞选失败的时候，瞧那一班美国华裔知识分子酸的
激动的怎么能让没谱的川普上了
现在不知道是何心境了
这些左派分子还不死心，处处给川普制造麻烦，还在一个劲的要弹劾川普。川普提名的官员任命迟迟得不到参众两院的认可。一年多来已有88位提名人被拒，比此六位总统在任期两年当中遭拒的人数的总和还多。
乘风破浪会有时，直挂云帆济沧海
美国国会中国事务主席卢比奥: 中国人民和中国共产党不是一回事.

我们应该继续支持中国人民, 特别是当他们因行使公民权利而受到压迫时.

作为一个中国人，我衷心的感谢卢比奥先生。I LOVE YOU ! 

@marcorubio
傻逼东西~~~~

没有中国，没有中国共产党~~~

你能在这里敲键盘~~~~
This is politically correct to set apart. Unfortunately, Chinese ppl and comm party are the same thing, as the party members are also part of Chinese. Problem stems from unenlightened culture. To colonize the land for 300 yrs to brainwash ppl w/ civilization might b a solution.
In WW1 and WW2, China and USA are alliance.  US army didn't kill civil Chinese except PLA in Korea War which ordinary people do not know.  Now everyone knows that it is the CCP'S fault to fight UN troops. It is easy to hire millions of soldiers to join US army in China.
What’s ur point?
I mean ordinary Chinese people are against CCP and most CCP members are against CCP top officials.
Dude, that’s your fantasy or allegation. You gotta prove it by statistics, pls. I did survey a month ago, sample: 30 ppl, my family members, college friends and co workers living in China, 29 thinks the party is doing great thing for Chinese ppl, which shows 97% approval rate
thank you for saying that
...and yet you’ll screw over the #cuban people every chance you get. #hypocrite @EmbaCubaUS @Engage_Cuba @Granma_English
God bless you
Thanks for your concern of Chinese people.
Good morning. fuck u marco. This is a remind that u r a son of bitch.
Thank you!  Beat  CCP  and  help  Chinese  !
Without evil red army, Chinese people will be good friends w Americans.
Mr. Rubio, I wrote to you for my brother in law. He is persecuted by the authorities of Xiaogan, China. They put his name on the list of red notice. They cheated and threthened him to go back to China, and robbed him share and sentenced him 13 years life in prison.
That’s what we thought going into Iraq
The cyber blockade is the core of the CCP’s trade barriers. As long as the cyber blockade is broken, trade barriers will be resolved by 50%.
Thank you
谢谢你
Agreed. It’s a shame so many Americans have begun to idolize the PRC simply because Trump is president. Keep speaking for Taiwan @marcorubio and you’ll have my support.
Thank you for your support ,MR Rubio!
没有什么免费的午餐，政治上的事都不单纯，虽表赞同，但不要盲目追捧。
Thank you Mr Rubio! CCP is trying to seed communist cult, hatred and ignorance in 1.4b people's mind. It's a threat not only to Chinese people but to all mankind.
China has been enslaved by CCP from Soviet Union for 69 years.Pls destroy CCP as soon as possible, and rebuild ROC in mainland China as ROC in Taiwan,then the great ROC will be great friend with US as ROC and US were allies in WWII fighting with Jap!
I am a chinese,I strongly support your view.
China has been enslaved by CCP from Soviet Union for 69 years.Pls destroy CCP as soon as possible, and rebuild ROC in mainland China as ROC in Taiwan,then the great ROC will be great friend with US as ROC and US were allies in WWII fighting with Jap!
Thank you very much, Mr.Rubio! 
Thank you for your warming words to 1.4 billion Chinese ppl! 
I believe all ppl of China and US will be friends without Communist Party!
This is a reminder that the people of #America & the republican party are not the same thing. We should continue to support the American people, especially when they face oppression for exercising rights that too many of us in my home take for granted.
It is a fortunate message and kind heart from Sen. Rubio, to all Chinese people.
Thank you, Mr. Rubio. We Chinese people thank you for all what you are doing for us. We love you, noble man.God bless you.
Absolutely! Thanks a lot
To make the Chinese live like a real person, only the Chinese dictatorship is extinguished, the Communist Party of China is destroyed
Que Dios le bendiga a EEUU. 天佑美国。Ninguna palabra se quede expresar cuanto le agradecemos a Sñr Rubio por entender nuestros sufrimientos profundos causados por el regimen comunista. 真诚感谢卢比奥先生对中国人深重苦难的体谅。
Thanks
Thank you very much for this distinction! Let Chinese people and all peoples in the world, unite, bury the evil Chinese Communism Party and its evil government! Every effort, big or small, is worthwhile.
美国人虽然可以反对比如川普政府，但是不能反对美国政治制度。
They tortured him to admit what he never did. Three of our lawyers defended his innocence. He is green card holder. His name is Dongning Huang. Please help him. Thank you.
Thank you，am from China and agree with your comments.
非常感谢你，卢比奥同志
And perhaps we should not have given China the lead on Pacific trade as well as the lead in alternative energy development!  Shameful that we hang onto old ways as the rest of world will move forward.

Thank you Rubio, may God bless the United States of America.
thanks
Thank you so much!

Finally, someone got it right!
thank you, god bless america.
You are so good on this issue!!
While CCP might hate you most Chinese love you. They admire your courage and are thrilled to see that someone is brave enough to confront.
You are the most valuable friend for Chinese people Rubio.  God bless America!
Exactly 
God bless you Mr. Rubio, God bless America.
The communist party is our enemy. The Chinese people are our allies, many of who have pledged to be US Army’s road guide once they invaded China.
The message that the Chinese people and the Chinese government or the Chinese Communist Party are different things should be spread to as many people as possible.
感谢美国人民对于普世价值的坚持，让世界人民知道生活还可以更美好！美国加油！
Thank you!
中國人民感謝您，盧比奧先生願主佑安！
Thank you so much!
Gracias
Your a Joke mark  talking about China rights while American rights were stolen bye a false 9 11 flag done bye our government to enslave your people Mark Gods watching Us and hes not smiling

Chinese people need your help ,need  any strength can help them win freedom,  reject autocratic,reject slavery，worked so hard, but get nothing except  bad environment with pollution and disease,The country and leaders are rich and the people are poor，come on, come on!
i am chinese,thanks！
i am chinese,absolutely you are right thank you senator.
Chinese people thank you our friends
It's time to get ride of evil CCP from China and the whole world
CCP steal properties from Chinese people
CCP brainwash Chinese young children
CCP kidnap, poison, and sentence prisoner of conscience
CCP pollute the natural environment 
Criminals of CCP are countless
Thanks from Chinese people.
thanks
God bless America and China！
感谢卢比奥先生，中国人民与中国共产党控制滴政府的确是两码事！
Thank you for your voice to the Chinese people! pay tribute!

昨天中午12时许，两个15岁花季少女从长春103中学天台掉下来，香消玉殒！现场被封锁，连家长也不能进去。家长说，我孩子很优秀，都写了十多本书了，头天高高兴兴来上学，第二天就没有了，我后半辈子没法活了！我…
How abou Iranian and Iranian islamic regym? Do you most of Iranian believe that Khamenieee and most of others molahes are not Iranian. Why do not try force on Iranian islamic regym on human rights more? It is the only way that can help Iranian to change islamic regym
#MeToo
When I was in school, I was politically abused. When I resisted, I was treated the same way: I invited my mom without my knowledge.
谢谢你，真的谢谢你！！

Te vas a quemar las manos con los chinos, pendejo.
Thank you! Please notice the fact that Chinese people have no access to the truth and the government lies every day to them and lead the people to believe the American is enemy. Hope something can be done to help Chinese people access information freely.
中国人民最需要的是真相。恳请美国政府帮忙毁掉防火墙，让中国人能够了解真实的世界真实的美国。中共一直凭借着防火墙在颠倒黑白的欺骗着人民，让人民错误地以为美国，日本，韩国等等都是最残暴最无耻的敌人。中共最害怕的是让人民知道真相
支持

我爱美国   正义永存
http://freebeacon.com/national-security/china-steps-disinformation-effort-dissident/ …
For those interested in China, I suggest you read this article. It is like the tip of an iceberg. The hidden part is huge. Guo is the real time Neo who will show you the matrix. You won't regret.
Yes！I agree with you!

Accurate description, thank you！
Thanks Marco for speaking the obvious. I have no idea why someone confuses the two concepts. 
Reading the comments I can feel the ignorance. This is about home issues. CCP has reached US. They bought so many politicians to stand for them! It might be too late when your eyes open.
任何政党都不能代表国家，所谓的国家是公民意志。共党只不过是戴着盲流给的帽子冒充了中国。一个有智慧，有自主意识的人，都明白，只有那些无知且没有信仰的人，才听这些无稽之谈。共党压迫人民，压迫的是有智慧有能力，切有社会地位的人，对盲流就是复制印刷就好了，没必要刻意浪费剥削的精力。
Thank you Mr. Rubio. The Chinese thank you!
Please put more pressure on the Chinese government as international laws were broken and human rights were violated in its abduction of two Canadians in Singapore. 
With no legal proceedings, the two were forced to confess on the Chinese national TV. 
#FreeChens
支持你。謝謝。
Thank you so much for supporting the Chinese nation. Chinese Communist Party destroyed our culture and society, and oppresses any smart and kind Chinese people. China is rule by devils. Please help #killCCP and save China!
你是中国人民真正的朋友，谢谢你！
Thank you senator for your kind understanding! 
谢谢
Absolutely, that’s true! Chinese people isn’t equal The CCP!
Thanks.god bless ，万分感谢卢比奥先生为中国人民的付出，谢谢

谢谢！@taocomic it's time to help Chinese people to over through ccp!
Thanks , I really appreciate your kind words and support! Please help Chinese people destroying the " great firewall" !
thank you！
美利坚！人类的希望！！！Thank you, Senator.
Maybe you will show a little love for the Florida voters. You remembers us, we’re the folks lobbyists pay you big bucks to screw. Because some folks here believe your bs they voted for you, a racist fraud who perfectly defines hypocrisy.
The CCP is not equal to China, the Communist Party is a cult and the Chinese Communists are enemies
True, and the same applies to any Nation: The actions of the US government are not a reflection the American People's desires.
Let it be noted.
More so today, Governments are ruled by ruthless Global Elites.
Thank you! We are rebelling against the CCP’s rule. The U.S.’s containment of the CCP is the greatest help to us.
Hope you can run the election for President of America in the future. God bless you!
谢谢你——来自一个翻墙的老百姓！
耶和华是我的避难所；
你已将至高者当你的居所，
祸患必不临到你，
灾害也不挨近你的帐棚。

因他要为你吩咐他的使者，
在你行的一切道路上保护你。
他们要用手托着你，
免得你的脚碰在石头上。
你要踹在狮子和虺蛇的身上，
践踏少壮狮子和大蛇。
(诗篇 91:9-13 ）
Thank you! God bless you!
It's my first tweet ever sent to a stranger by climbing over the Great Fire Wall. I am here to say Thank you for saying that, Mr. Rubio.
Thank you senator. Please take care of the serious situation of human rights in China! We need you! God blessed! 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=617711788578215&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.617711788578215%3Atl_objid.617711788578215%3Athrowback_story_fbid.617711788578215%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A8054351497929588536&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Appreciate your value and conscience. Thank you.
Give you a lot of praise

Please put more pressure on the Chinese government as international laws were broken and human rights were violated in its abduction of two Canadians in Singapore. 
With no legal proceedings, the two were forced to confess on the Chinese national TV. 
#FreeChens
大家转
Great insight and most of Chinese see US as hope.
In contrast with Russia, the U.S. really helps Chinese.
Yes because US wanted to advocate democracy cos believe in good deeds. On the other hand Russia never helped anyone,Ukraine? Poland.
You are right Mischa.History has already proved that Russia cannot be trusted ever.
Communism is evil.

What is food to one man is bitter poison to others. US should keep their rights to itself, especially the rights to carry arms, to schools, to interfere in sovereign nations, etc.. Chinese are happy now than ever before. They want their children
to be safe in schools, not shot.
God bless you forever！
You are right! The CCP keeps brain washing our Chinese people to believe CCP=China=Chinese people
希望卢比奥先生早日成为美国总统，为推进中国民主做更多贡献
Be careful! because the reality is...
Thank you Mr Rubio! Chinese people have hope because we have world leaders like you and Mr Trump! @realdonaldtrump
obviously！you're right! thank you~
thank you sir，you are a good man
Exactly sir, you got the point. Thank you


世界新闻日美国国务院新闻管理机构BBG和美国记者保护协会CPJ,今天在乔治华盛顿大学举行年会。我第一个发言刚要问到：郭文贵爆料王岐山和中共三F计划、蓝金黄计划和阿曼达家族在华每年几十亿的生意时。BBG副台长…
Don't worry about freaking China,lots of things happening here,with your President,Cabinet members and you looking the other way
China has been enslaved by CCP from Soviet Union for 69 years.Pls destroy CCP as soon as possible, and rebuild ROC in mainland China as ROC in Taiwan,then the great ROC will be great friend with US as ROC and US were allies in WWII fighting with Jap!
Thank you very much, Mr.Rubio! 
Thank you for your warming words to 1.4 billion Chinese ppl! 
I believe all ppl of China and US will be friends without Communist Party!

Please put more pressure on the Chinese government as international laws were broken and human rights were violated in its abduction of two Canadians in Singapore. 
With no legal proceedings, the two were forced to confess on the Chinese national TV. 
#FreeChens
Shut up Little One
Are we outsourcing oppression now?
I disagree sir. Majority Chinese still support their Great Party, and will do anything to curry favour with it, including espionage and spying. The dissidents are a tiny minority.
Thank you, Senator, you speak out for millions of people under pressure.
, little marco, and what do you say about the orange child emperor?
Somewhere pigs are flying bc I think you just said something I agree with
Thank you, Mr Rubio! And yes Chinese gov and Chinese people are totally different. But to be honest, due to brainwash and gov-control media's preach and the GFW, many people hold hostility to US government. Need to Break the WALL to enlighten more people!
兄弟你说得很对！
Duh. Sounds like you’re the one that needs a reminder.
Wrong!  CCP is extremely right wing as Trump.  That's why Trump is a good friend of Xi.  Most Chinese, unfortunately, are leaned to a jungle society.  Do something for them, might you, and you will regret.
Thank you for supporting people of China! We are fighting for freedom.
You got it Marco! Unlike at Japan,Vietnam and Korea, US ground force have not fought on China mainland.  No Chinese civil casualties. Chinese people are the largest US army human resources and supporters!
Thank you,Mr.Rubio!
说得太对了。点赞。
Thank you, Senator, all the  Chinese people who love freedom will be grateful to you. May God bless you.
Thank you, Senator, all the  Chinese people who love freedom will be grateful to you. May God bless you.
Thank U Mister！
Thank you, Mr. Rubio.
I am a chinese,thank you!
Help us，please！
I have no problem with communism.  It is a political ideology that calls for equality.  Maybe you should actually read some Marx instead of using canned phrases.
孝感公安權利大，收受賄賂敢枉法，紅通外加恐嚇騙，騙回搶錢又抢房，直接抓进巡捕房，嚴刑和拷打逼认罪，公安法院一條龍，捏造伪证樣樣棒。孝南法院真荒唐，法官謊稱低血糖，不讓律師辯公堂，拒不去除镣铐和囚服，被告已然是罪犯，孝南法院真是高，堪比中央最高院，天下第一高法院。关注黄东宁冤案！
We should continue to support the Chinese people, especially when they face oppression for exercising rights that too many of us in the West take for granted.

Thank you so much！
GREAT
The people of China and America people are the same thing, who deserve to have the same freedom and human rights. But the democratic party and the republican party are the different thing compared to the communist party of China, which survive relying on oppressing human rights.

You should worry about the oppressive regime we have here who go after ppl like the gestapo went after the unwanted in Germany. Get your act straight - you putz
Thank you so much, Senator, all the  Chinese people who love freedom will be grateful to you. And like you said the CCP is not a thing, we people are suffering the animals too long. God bless you, God bless America, God bless the human in this planet. 
God bless you Marco
I feel the same way when it comes to racism, gun control, and mental illness.
At least this tweet has substance, thanks for not preaching. Too many of us took our democracy for granted. We did not protect our elections from Russia, corrupt millionaires and self serving organizations with personal agendas. Rest assured Senator, it won't happen again.
That's very correctly, thank you very much, sir.
Thank you for considering the CCP and China separately. The Chinese people are not equal to the Chinese Communist Party.
Solving the CCP’s problems will also solve China’s problems and also solve the world’s security problems.
Thanks, Mr. Rubio! The CCP’s oppression against the people is still more brutal than the Nazis. The harm to the world is unmatched by Hitler. The United States must awaken, crack down on the CCP, and drive the CCP’s spies out of the United States.
exactly right !
幸好哥英语6级底子还在
Thank you, Senator.
Go home.
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

They condone the influx of fentanyl into the United States and poison the people. This is a war！

The CCP is becoming like a Nazi！
Civilization is too long, easy to ignore the existence of evil. Let us immediately awaken the American people, unite all the civilizations in the world and destroy the CCP's evil political group!

Reagan what forces destroyed the huge Soviet empire? 

Never believe the CCP!
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Never believe them！

Picture in the text: 
Our party's idea of ruling the country relies only on one character, and deceives！
thank U！God bless！
Mr. Rubio, the tyrant that holds our highest office is trying to change that; for us that is.
It should be a reminder that the misogynist GOP is doing the same thing in the US, trying to suppress the "MeToo" activists, BLM activists, as well as the NFL anti racism activists, Go sell your BS to willing buyers.
This is a reminder that the people of #USA & the republican party are not the same thing. We should continue to support the American people, especially when they face a party that worries more about the rights of the top 10% and not  the rest of us. VOTE on Nov 2018
thank you so so much, i have no better words can say. i love you sir.
I am trying hard to make sense of this tweet. I guess you got to have the Rubio brains to figure out.
Thank you, Senator, all the  Chinese people who love freedom will be grateful to you. May God bless you.
Thank you Marco!  非常感谢你Marco! 
So true. I hope you think the same way about American Blacks and Muslims.
How are you going to help the world peoples Rubio when you support dictators like your idol Donald Trump?
Thank  you !  I love you !

UN SALUDOS... SOY DE VENEZUELA Y TE AGRADEZCO LA AYUDA... PERO SIGUE ASÍ NO TE OLVIDES DE NUESTRO PAÍS... QUE LA ESTAMOS PASANDO MUY MAL DE VERDAD... SALUDOS
Thank you, Senator.
True, but it seems the democrats are trying to do the same in our country!
