Senator Rubio, as you have said many times, the American dream is alive and well! Another successful member of the Dream Club! Cheering for all!

The only kind of constituent you care about... millionaires!
It's the other way around for most of your constituents after the #GOPTaxScam.

Now you care. Is this your story. Screw u
Number of millionaire pro athletes in the US?  Around 2500 or so. Number of teachers making >$1M.  Zero.  Go figure.
You need to reach a constituent, as it been months, I called Orlando Office and left messages to call me. That office has my number
Roll Tide! @marcorubio your career isn’t over yet. It’s time for you to step up and stop being complicit in this administration
Chairman of the US Congress China Committee and Republican Congressman Smith said: The United States cannot silence China’s human rights issues.

Does anyone know Mr. Smith's Twitter Twitter account?
Now that he's wealthy, you welcome him with open arms. What did you do for him before he was was? #WorstSenatorEver #ResignRubio
What about me?
Hey Marco, You think the NRA wants a piece of this story? Maybe you can work them in and get some more campaign donations.
Only in USA, this miracle will come truth! USA is the hope of human beings!
Well he did it with out NRA dinero pequeño Marcos
The poor bastard had to stand next to Goodell. The horror....the horror....
Marco thats funny because your a millionaire and one day soon you will be homeless. хуи́ло dasvidaniya comrade
God bless him. And his family.

I hope someone is investigating #Ronny
Stop Tweeting and get back to work! You are paid by the American People!
Keep ignoring floridians, it’s what u do best while you aren’t smooching trumps communism
Such an awesome story!
We do care the whole spaceshare expansion on 3 dimension in order   veering those potential conflict of interest but in nature moving, thing is fine arrangement in 5 or 10 layers by spacetime.
I hope he gives back to the Homeless community
Roll Tide!
I bet he'd like you to have a Town Hall in Hillsborough County.
Ron 4:20; thou shall stfu
At least now if he gets a concussion, he can afford healthcare!
The NFL IS A DISGRACE!
Must you put homeless to remind him of the past
#BuiltByBama 
Minkah has a great story. That dude fought for everything.
#FakeChristian  #ComplicitGOP



GOP House Intel is guilty of dereliction of duty on #Russia investigation. They purposefully ignored leads related to Don Jr's contacts with Russians. They must be held accountable. Looking to you to provide a loud and strong voice to protect our Republic.  #TrumpRussia
