Impossible for 2 "good guys with guns" to be shot, Mr. @NRA
Omg. Don’t be ridiculous. And callous considering the men were shot
Tell your followers, snowflake.
I block followers they are creepy. Like you 
so I am thinking more guns would help
Marco, you’re a bargain. 
Open your eyes Senator. This is another reminder why we need comprehensive gun control. Yet you sit on your backside and do nothing. Just curious? What would it take for you to lead the way on gun control reform. Please let us know via Twitter seeing you ignore email.
We need #GunReformNow
what reform would stop this? what law would have stopped this? 
how will you stop a criminal that is willing to murder 2 police officers in a ambush in broad daylight?
Good point.  Stronger gun control exists in places like Japan and Australia.  Citizens own guns, but much rarer incidents of gun violence and those countries have criminals too.  Wonder how their gun violence is lower?
yes japan has almost 0 gun violence you are correct. the issue is all the things us has in place.  people are upset that they ask if your Male or female and dont want you to be a legal citizen to vote. the govt in japan interviews family, friends and mental health reviews
the govt digs into all criminal records and ties with any groups.they have no handguns or rifles.  shotguns and air rifles only.   our govt cant even follow through on any calls or even investigate the florida shooter after how many calls.  you have to rely on something not relia
Marco. What do you tell yourself when you read the replies to your Twitter feed? The vast majority are asking you to eschew the NRA and you as an elected official ignore them and their votes.Proof that NRA$ means more to you than these cops lives. #BloodonYourHands
With an arrow? With a cannon? With a tank? It could not have been a gun.
Who is organizing this war on law enforcement?!
Marco! Praying doesn’t stop the violence only real action will. Unfortunately you are in the pocket of rhe NRA snd many more will die violently. But! at least you can buy nice shoes.
No! You don’t get to offer prayers and condolences, you hypocrite, you worm! How many times do we have to hear this from you? There’s a special place in hell for for all of you that will so callously let people die and invoke scripture to soothe their own conscious
Were they shot with... GUNS?  looks like you are tangentially complicit, brother Marco
It is terrible news. Fortunately you are doing everything you can to pass strict gun control laws so that these horrible shootings occur with less frequency 

Oh, wait...
Stuff your prayers where the sun don't shine. Pass gun control or go home, you slacker.
God really really really doesn't seem to listen to you or your prayers...
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization 
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization
How sad. I pray that GOD will give their families strength during this difficult time.
Two good guys with guns stopped by a bad guy with a gun.  When will we learn.  When will Marco represent us?
But by all means, you should continue to support the NRA and get more weapons on the streets.  SMH  #enoughisenough
Marco you seem smart just not Killer smart. Which is a good thing! However look into how many complaints this officer has. What kind of complaints. This will give a better more clear view. And help you to help end violence on police. @librarycongress @nbc6 @kmbc
Remember, this kind of stuff wouldn't happen with such lax gun laws
Marco - when are you going to do something??
And please pray for Marco Rubio to be thrown out of office. Oh wait, prayer doesn't vote. Get out and vote Marco Rubio out of office!
WE had a chance to get rid of #Florida's 2nd biggest con Marco Rubio but PULSE nightclub happened & he decided he needed the job he hates so much cuz he couldn't find another sure paycheck & benefits Taxpayers give welfare to the GOP who ARE the "real takers" #MSNBC #GOPTaxScam
This is a senseless tragedy           Help reduce the number of guns on the street Senator - and this will happen less often
How, if you want a gun to commit a crime you will get it, don’t be so foul. When somebody is going to commit a crime they don’t care about following laws.
i love Gilcrist co. fond memories of tubing down the Suwanee.  Blessings on the families!
Praying!
Chalk two more up for #BLM @BarackObama @georgesoros and #DemocraticParty for demonizing our police officers
I thought the Republican mantra was “Thoughts and Prayers” and it’s “too early to discuss the problem”.  With this tragedy, it’s clear that guns are a scourge upon our society.  Problem is you and your evil hench people are blinded by the great NRA Satan.
Were they shot with rocks? Miniature baseball bats? Clear backpacks?
If you actually cared then you would have done something about it, unfortunately you think you can hide behind “Thoughts and Prayers”  while maintaining 0 fucks about the actual people who are being slaughtered due to your negligence, greed and ego.
Marco, gun control sounds familiar?
Please add hypocrisy to your thoughts and prayers....
Counting the days for your defeat on the next elections
2 more reasons we need real gun reform.  When the @NRA kills kids, Congress hides.  What about when the @NRA kills police? Or are “thoughts and prayers” enough here, too?
More thoughts and prayers? Useless, like Everything you say and do, little Marco. Find a new career. Maybe it's time you do something useful?
No go get Obama and Lynch they along with others in his administration started this. They are responsible for these murders.
So very sad. Prayers for their families & also for you as you face this tragedy.
No prayers for Rubio
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Did the @NRA give you permission to say that Senator?   #BlueLivesMatter  #EnoughIsEnough
Or create comprehensive gun control laws. Oh wait, you care more about the gun lobby than you do about law enforcement’s lives.
We pray for these officers and their families.  Senator, Time to stop more unnecessary violence and deaths. We need strength In passing common sense gun control, instead of your perpetual weakness cowtowing to the NRA.  Shame on you
Shut the fuck up you spineless, useless pandering moron.
SHOT...with guns....guns we could control...if Republicans would wake up and listen to us...

Omg when are u going to stop this same excuse?
Serious question Senator Rubio, are Florida Police Officers and State Troopers pro-gun, pro-NRA, pro @marcorubio, or not?  Too many citizens being killed, too many officers being killed.
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
Another reminder that we need sensible gun control.
How about the NRA??
Listen Marco are you aware there's no such thing as an answered prayer?
When are you going to grew a pair and make death sentence for cop killers

If only police officers were armed....oh wait they were.  I guess The 3.5 million in NRA blood money the NRA gave U was not enough.  So Rubio, U have managed to screw ordinary citizens, children & law enforcement officers. Quite the trifecta of BS & sumbaggery. #NeverAgain #scum
2 officers are ambushed while eating, and despicable you have to play the partisan hatred card. Shame on you
My family will pray for their family and Florida too!
More of the same. Starting not to even care.
Ah. If only more people had guns {sigh}.  Quit taking NRA money  and get serious about gun control.  $1.05.
Comrade, what do I pay you for? You forgot to include your thoughts and prayers.
.
The lil Marco standard NRA line “ thoughts and prayers”. Whether you are a student, law enforcement officer, average citizen; he cares more about #NRABloodMoney then you.
Cop killers should be killed. F$%^ the body cam's take the leashes off and go nuts on these criminals!
So guns killed these officers? What are you going to do about gun reform? Shit down the NRA! C'mon Judas!
I'm sorry for them, for their families, and for everybody in Florida who's represented by a corrupt scumball in the Senate.
praying seems to be the republican way 
is it working?

Gun control?  No , that would be too easy
Oh forgot about good guys with guns.
Hey MARCO thoughts and prayers do NOT save lives!
Reminder of something else as well

Thoughts and prayers and questions regarding Florida's gun laws.
If someone kills a cop!
Automatically gets nothing less than the DEATH PENALTY!
After being found guilty of coarse!
Good guys with guns did not stop bad guys with guns ........ again
Have you ever considered not tweeting hypocrisy on your feed? Cause all it says is that you think your constitutes are really stupid or that you're ignoring their reactions.
guns laws mf would make more sense than prayers
Just horrible.
If only the deputies would have been armed... this could’ve been avoided.
ITT: idiots who think banning guns will do anything positive.
prayers going out to these families
TERRIBLE NOTICIA SENADOR....HASTA CUANDO. MI ORACION DESDE VENEZUELA
You pray, pray, and pray but God does not listen you, does not trust you,.... God see you soul and knows is as fake as your pray
Why you telling us we're not the one that rejected gun control. You're the one that can't get enough of that money so it's on your head
Sad, wonder if there was background checks or mental illness with the gunman?
NRA money is the gun NRA money is the killer say something about it
Sending prayers
Sorry to hear
GUN CONTROL

And the deputies had guns... #GunReformNow
The waitress should’ve had a gun! That would’ve put an end to it right then and there. Sad! And give the cook and the cashier guns as well! Double sad! Give that baby in a highchair a gun while you’re at it! Sad!
How's that NRA money feel Rubio? Feel good?
You’re an NRA shill and a disgrace to our state. #resign #corrupt #complicit
Gee... I wonder if you had some balls and made it difficult to acquire deadly weapons maybe this would stop?????? 

Throw this punk Rubio out!
Remember this....
Leprechaun Rubio YOU ARE THE RED LINE OF CUBA.
Rubio helped get the shooters guns. Rubio floods our streets with guns and blood.
MARCO RUBIO YOU ARE SMILING IN YOUR PHOTO ARE YOU HAPPY THAT TWO DEPUTIES WERE SHOT IN GILCRIST COUNTY?
MAY AS WELL SAY A PRAYER FOR THE DEPUTIES, USING Psalm 11;33 from the book of Rubicons.
OK Marco, we will pray, but please don't do anything that might remove one single gun from the hands of any American, no matter how mentally ill they are, or how young they are, or no matter how many people get killed. Because the NRA, remember, gives you a ton of money.
You don't give a shit as long as the NRA gives you your money.
#GunControlNow
Praying for stricter gun laws too. You and your millions from the NRA can fornicate together.
#GunReformNow!
Don’t worry about gun violence. The NRA told you to say that. Thoughts and Prayers. To little to late, Senator.
The NRA is not in Norway.  The massacre their was 7 times larger
Sad.   Prayers.
Very sad
#BlueLivesMatter 
Hello Miss, we need help, we have a foundation, can you help us? please !!

See what happens when guns are in everyone’s hands, Little Marco?
Guns are a serious problem. $2.10, huh?
Obama’s legacy! Smh
I"LL Pray for them. Every prayer counts, but why the civil unrest? Seems like a lot of lives on the thin line these day's. Faith works but can't provide a solution if we don't recognize the problem. I don't feel it's just guns I see the division do you? Thx
What, didn’t the police have guns to protect themselves? You know, if the police were armed I bet this wouldn’t have happened. Oh wait.
Do you pray for the black people shot by cops? Or are they just ‘thugs’ to you? Even the unarmed, non-criminal ones?


Bought by the NRA and what others?
Weren't they good guys?
Ohhh maii goooss no es Venezuela es EEUU..... Ohh maiii goosss
How did the man who shot them get a gun?
You're the one that is putting all those weapons on the street. Law Enforcement doesn't want them on the street. YOU are responsible for their murders. Marco has #NRABloodMoney dripping from his soul. #NRAIsATerroristOrganization
More thoughts and prayers.  I appreciate that you care.  It would be better if you cared enough to do something about the number of guns on the streets.  DO SOMETHING. #enough

I asked your staff to have you call me in Pinellas County as a Navy Vet. SSA has been stalling me for near 4 years in July. Since 2016 a SSA doctor agreed I was disabled. And still SSA won't pay the back amount. Your staff have my number
OMG this has to stop ! I wish the cops would go back to shooting 1st asking questions later
how about you support law enforcement and make firearms harder to obtain.
So if @DICKS can buy back guns, why can't we?

@FLGovScott @SenBillNelson @RepMaxineWaters 

#EnoughIsEnough
Wonder what ur buddies over at the @nra think...oh yeah, more thoughts sand prayers, I bet.
More prayers and a lot less people like black lives matter promoting murdering our police.
Sad
If only there was some way we could do something about BEING SHOT BY A GUN!!!? Any ideas Marco? You can talk to your constituents ... or to the NRA.  which is it going to be?
The answer is NRA
Isn't it great when any a-hole can openly carry a weapon and shoot at anyone they damn well please any time they want. 
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization #NRABloodMoney
im sure he was not a NRA member and no law would stop a criminal from getting a firearm
Probably need more guns.... that seems to be the answer to everything...
YAY! second amendment!!!
You’re the worst senator in the history of the United States.
As compared to who?

Hello mary, we need help, we have a foundation !! can you help us, please?
Invader venezuela now. Help venezuela
#BlueLivesMatter Enough of this!
it would ne great of we could just make rebels and evil just disappear, no laws will do that

