Too bad you didn’t exercise your statesmanship when you voted for the 1% tax cut. You should be ashamed.  You helped our country not be great!

Travesty? I’d say 8 years of Obama was the real travesty:

#IdiotLeftists
These are not facts. You replied to a meme with a meme, and then I replied with another meme. Trump supporters are not very bright.
I provided you w/ a graphic that contains easily verifiable facts  & affirms that Obama was the worst president in our history. 

Just wait until his admin is exposed for their illegal practices - coming soon. 

#ClownPresident
Sure!
And the other nine demoncrats?
Too bad @realDonaldTrump couldn’t do the same. His  refusal to invite a single Congressional Democrat to tonight’s State Dinner demonstrates his true immaturity and pettiness. Even when it’s easy to do, trump shows no class or integrity and just continues to spread toxicity.
WE ALL PAID FOR THAT DINNER!  Petty asshole.  Obama invited Trump.
True Statesman? This is what is wrong with our Country. You, Senator, believe a Statesman is from merely being a Senator, when many Americans believe such a moniker deserves a semblance of actions that define such a distinction. We deserve more.
If only you, or anyone in your corrupt political party, had the courage or integrity to show that kind of non-partisan humanity, our country would be in a much better place. #ComplicitGOP #GOPTaxScam #CorkerKickback
Madam you should be ashamed of your opinion when you people has held up every thing the President has tried to do and he is still getting things done anyway Why don't you Dems grow up. You are acting like spoiled Kids
Sir, your party has a majority in both houses of Congress. Democrats haven't really held anything up, certainly not to the level GOP did to Obama, which was sickening (Merrick Garland esp). Quit blaming others and start solving real problems by helping people.
Your response was good but it was to a bot.
I’m SURE the GOP would have done the same.
Yes, he did something YOU would never do. Irony, oh irony.
We hate you BOTH.
You senator are a disgrace to the office and you should resign
The @GOP killed statesmanship. Every day in every way for the entirety of President Barack Obama's 8 year term. Heads up, Trump is destroying Democracy & you are just standing by. History will not be kind sir.
That’s a huge allegation
“Trump is destroying democracy”
How exactly he is accomplishing this?
Thanks Mr Cook for being there and making a wise decision for America #FoxNews
So where was YOUR true statesmanship when it came to Merrick Garland? @GOP has become incapable of putting country over party or telling the truth or even basic decency. You had a few weeks where it looked like you might break free & find your moral compass; it was short-lived.

Erin CRUZ for US Senate banned from Facebook. Fight back http://tinyurl.com/CrushCorruption  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bbH8tDFYSmpra3h6UHJlakx8MWt2SnBXRU9lQlhHRQLjO-eG0NcTq4vXY5rp6S00L3l_A5ANIMn3ERFL907t …
Corker is a selllout--no spine in his back
Stick it, yah hypocrite
But sadly we have too few statesman and too many politicians.
You're a true rino! Bye!
How would you know?  You're not one!
Unlike anyone in your party, you mean.
Totally!  Thank you @ChrisCoons .  # Respect
Snif, snif, snif...what bullshit! Shame on you and your treasonous party!!
Senators Chris Coons, Johnny Isakson, and Mike Rounds should give the House and a Senate lessons on how bipartisanship ought to be conducted on a regular basis.  Hats off to all three of them.
I get the tears. I cry every time I see a homophobe, too.
Merrick Garland. Smdh
Imagine if it inspired others to do the same.
You oughtta’ try it!
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gofundme.com%2Fvrs3q-down-payment-on-a-house&h=ATMU32DyX9Nv589BnVGZbTO6Yq85VT0gtCO5HoQdKNaOSMF5lfl3AZ3VGj8RNCXvBn-LznhF_ppFARQYT4Ds50sbFTRfkhIXpklgt1mKbYjwvj-_OKoSVZeWCxVX&s=1 …
The whole family! I served with them!
Thank you both for showing leadership through decency.
I totally agree with you Senator Bob Corker and give him two thumbs up
The DNC doesn't need just "true statesman" it needs true political fighters that knows how to work together to deny a racist Russian domestic/foreign agenda that is more harmful to our National Security. @ChrisCoons your statesmanship just help Putin advance. You need to resign!
Both traitors.
I admire Chris Coons and wonder why no Republican anywhere has shown such grace - ever!
Sanctions being backed off, for special Russian friends.

@SenatorRisch
@SenatorCardin
@marcorubio
@SenatorShaheen
@SenBlumenthal
@SenSanders
@SenRonJohnson
@ChrisCoons
@SenSchumer
@JeffFlake 
@SenatorCollins 
@lisamurkowski
Trump Regime softened its position against Oleg Deripaska’s company Rusal.

Rusal petitioned @stevenmnuchin1 to have sanctions…
Too bad no one in Congress shows any statesmanship in the oversight of Trump.
Can you identify a GOP rep who did a similar thing?
Too bad your party works so hard to protect a lying corrupt potus rather than protecting the American people, the Constitution & our Democracy- true statesman would place loyalty to country first
Aren't you endorsing a Democrat to take your seat?
Amen, we all do appreciate what he did!
I’m a lifelong Democrat who really wishes you would run again. We need the integrity you displayed regarding this, in our government.
Hey #kickbackcorker, nobody cares what trash like you thinks. It is clear that @ChrisCoons personal relationships are more important than the welfare of this country.
He did a hell of lot more, than any Repub would have done in the last 10 years. Remember Merrick Garland.
Sen. Corker I honestly thought in the time you had left, you would do the right things for America. I'm sorry I expected too much.
It’s too bad that there are no republicans with the equivalent moral fortitude, who care about the future of America. Failed policies, weak congressional presence. #NeverAgain
You should be ashamed.  God sees the work you are donning and you will stand in judgment
Senator Corker you just had the Democrats vote in lockstep against Pompeo yet you will not endorse the Republican candidate for Senate in Tennessee good riddance if you don't learn your lesson from that I'm not sure why Tennessee where my mother is from ever since you to Senate
You daily prove to be the biggest political coward and liar I've seen. And I'm an old political junkie. After your bold racist Senate campaign, 1 wld think you went there for some reason besides increasing yr personal $$$. 1 wld be wrong.
So glad there was finally a grown up in the room!
America appreciates him.  We thank him for his humility.
A real “statesman” wouldn’t stand idly by while a pedophile was groping his daughter.
#corkerkickback
What do define a statesman as?
Finally. it's time, way past time to move forward.
Trump does not want you as Sec. of State. Get over it. No one is buying the pro-Pompeo BS. No kudos for Rand Paul? You are disgusted with him like the rest of us now.
Would love to see YOU Bob Corker, demonstrate what being a true "Statesman" looks like. Then pass it on to the man that Rep's are either unwilling or afraid to confront. I thought early on, you might be that man...
I lose respect for anyone that votes in a homophobe. What a disgrace to have Pompeo as our SecState.
Please, none of you are statesmen.  Cowards of varying degree is more accurate.
Just keep adding to the swamp
It would be nice if you would be respectful to the President and act like a true statesman yourself. It's very disturbing to hear you speak.
He demonstrated he doesn't understand yet what you people are - traitors to the republic.
 I hope he finds comfort with his 5th column friends at the National Prayer Breakfast cult.
Thank you, Senators, for your graciousness toward each other. And for reminding us how it can be without the disdain of tribalism.
It’s really hard to take a statement like this seriously given what your party did with the Merrick Garland nomination.  I guess two wrongs don’t make a right, after all.
When is the last time a republican did such a thing?
Maybe you can learn something before finally getting the fuck out #KickbackCorker
#Complicit #CorkerKickBack
Thank you Senator for your efforts today.  You, Senators Coons and Paul demonstrated who the adults were in that room. My faith in our democracy was a little restored. Ignore the hateful replies in this thread.  Lots of bitter useless people.
So you feel our democracy was well represented when the Repubs blocked a vote for Merrick Garland and McConnell refused to allow votes on democrats bills when Obama was in office.  Yeah, I thought so.
Since all you care about is protecting Mueller which was an illegal SC appointment based on a massive abuse of our intelligence agencies by Obama & Clinton, it’s time for you to go! Do you need to be tried for treason as well? #MAGA
Incredible Corker could not, in a full throat, support the renomination of President Donald J Trump.  Just incredible!  @IngrahamAngle 

President Donald J Trump is making America Stronger, Safer and more Prosperous!   #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Go away already. You had your chance to be a statesman and you chose party over country.
You are no such thing.
I agree. Maybe together you can convince Congressional leaders to bring a clean #DACA bill to the floor for a vote. While you’re at it #PuertoRico is still without power in several parts of the island.
Reciprocate.
Thanks to all the Republicans for voting YES and thanks Mr. Coons for doing the RIGHT thing for OUR Country!
Hear hear!
Now will you admit blocking Garland was wrong
So when do you think ONE Republican will stand up to an erratic, grifter that is our President.  Why don't you show some spine?
How do you even know what one looks like, Bob? #corkerkickback
Ya real statesman, if he was a real statesman he would have voted yes rather than present. Only 3 dems will vote yes for pompeo where as Clinton was confirmed 94-2 and Kerry 94-3.
You’re trash
In return are you actually going to do something about McConnell’s refusal to call Special Counsel Integrity Act up for a vote
Kinda like your endorsement of @MarshaBlackburn
Where r u? JW filed a FOIA lawsuit w/ the DOJ & the State Dept for any & all records of communications related to the Uranium One Deal in JW's efforts to uncover what role the Obama Admin & Secretary of State Clinton may have played in the potentially corrupt deal.
Shut down your Twitter. Can’t UC how much you/your pathetic, hate-filled, heartless, racist, devoid of morals ‘Russian complicit’ GOP deplorables are despised by SANE America? In fact, U should ALL pack your bags! Move to Russia because you SURE have no value to USA’s democracy.
Sen Coons: I’m trying to find my inner outrage at this vote but it’s not there
This is 21 year old, DeEbony Groves. She was an athlete in high school & a student at Belmont University, where she was on the deans list.  Groves was a Senior at Belmont & majored in Social work. She is  described as a brilliant young lady. She was murdered at the Waffle  House.
That’s such a waste of a talented, caring person’s life. I hope our government will care and ban assault rifles.
How the f*ck would you know?
Yeah, so school your Republican buds. Deal?
I want to believe it was a selfless act. But I can shake the feeling he had dinner plans.
A remarkable move! Thank you @ChrisCoons!
Same cannot be said of you!
Mr Corker you are everything that is wrong with politics. Are you a Republican? #blackburnisaconservative
I 100% agree with this tweet, sir.
He was a hero today and saved face for your committee.
Endorse your friend Phil Bredesen! Be a true statesman!!!!!!
Balls in your court Bob.  Let’s see you act the same


Explain how Senator Coons was being a statesman? If he wanted to be a statesman he would’ve voted yay, not present.
And we appreciate the spineless wonders that are the GOP. Paging @RandPaul
Remember how you screwed America? Yeah, we all do.
You wouldn't know what a true statesman is if one bit you on the butt.  Go away.
Dems Grow up put away all your hatred beings and pull for AMERICA for a changp
That's B's. You should have scolded the Dems. Pomoei is  examplary candidate.
millions of us also appreciate the bipartisanship and comity displayed. it’s really disappointing to see so many douchey replies to this tweet tho. I like to think most of us are not that hateful.
How many times did you meet with Merrick Garland? 

When will you exhibit such statemanship considering you’re afraid of McConnell & Trump?
Coons voted "present." This is what passes for a true statesman among Democrats these days.
All the empty hate now. The lib language. It doesn’t help your cause. Now here comes more liberal hate talk. Lol.
Good things happen when country is chosen over party. We need a lot more of this.
Your scum party deserves nothing. You vote to knock people off of healthcare and load up massive debt on Americans backs, but this brings you close to tears?
Sure you do!  Are you talking about the statemanship you refuse to exercise?  What about @SenMajLdr statemanship?  Did you choke up at the fact @POTUS didn’t invite any Dems to the State Dinner?
Wasn’t it only yesterday when you were afraid to speak out against McConnell???
Lol Coons is a statesman? That's laughable
You've already proven that you like airtime to oppose Trump and saying ur not adding a penny to the deficit, until it comes time to vote.  Then you and @JeffFlake flipped and gave Trump his big win. You guys are nothing more than grandstanders, and it's time for us to tune u out.
Why cause you got your way! I watched that BS!!!! Sick!
..... hummmmm can you help Trump understand?
Agreed.  There are just a handful of statesmen in DC right now and he is one.
Then gather the troops and take back the decorum, respect for the rule of law and love for our country that the current administration circumvents and attempts to destroy.
You wouldn't know statesmanship if it bit you on the nose.  The entire GOP should be on trial for treason.
Statesman and @GOP sounds like an Oxymoron! #BlueTsunami2018
It is for Democrats
You wouldn't know a true statesman Sen Corker if one dropped in your lap, you spineless fraud.
It is small steps such as these that give me hope we can move away from partisanship on every issue. Making a Senator rush back from a funeral would have been pointless and mean spirited.
I think I'm going to vomit-maybe you guys from 'the swamp' deserve to be separated from the Trumpers (and become unemployed)-stick together like rancid glue
I keep trying to believe you aren’t just a partisan political hack Bob.  You aren’t making it easy on me...
Would a true statesman have watched idly as Leader McConnell stole Merrick Garland’s Supreme Court seat?
What was ANYONE supposed to do? Bringing a vote to the Floor is ONLY McConnell's responsibility.
Some nonpartisan context: This vote would've been approved regardless, but the @ChrisCoons decision basically just allowed @SenatorIsakson to attend a funeral without inconveniencing his colleagues
Just showing up as “present” is not statesmanship. Good guess.
Merrick Garland. Ring a bell?  Sorry, Bob, but Dems are going to demand that their representatives give Republicans back exactly what they gave.
Opposed the nominee, but all for the statesmanship one so rarely sees anymore in the Senate.
Keep smoking your crack!
It is pretty cool that a dem can come out and support a bigot like Pompeo
Additionally, what the heck is happening to the Dems and Coons voting with them.  @ClaireMcCaskill has not decided yet how to vote and I guarantee she will vote for Pompeo
Like you know 
You appreciate pork, coker porker!
Just take your slab of tax perk bacon & go on back home.
Maybe the Rs could learn something. At least admit that you all have obstructed more in the last 8 years than Dems.
So, Bob, what about the rumors he imposed religious ideology on CIA employees of which they were terrified? Do you think it's patriotic to confirm someone who might see apocalyptic opportunity in every global conflict? Asking for America.
*rumors*
How would you know Sen Corker? You defend America from Trump only when you decide your political career is over. And voted for Trillion dollar annual deficits you knew was wrong to get tax cuts for you and your rich cronies. You are a hypocritical unamerican coward.
You call Corker's BS defending America? It's more like sucking up to the Cheeto-in-Chief hoping to get the Sec. of State job once Pompeo is denied.
In the GOP, statesman=jellyfish.
You're a complicit hack!
Hopefully you will ensure that the similarly bipartisan Phil Bredesen succeeds you
And you failed nearly every test of statesmanship.
I appreciate if Republicans grow a spine and call out the Traitor, Russian colluding POTUS: Country over party! History will remember all of your complicit cowardice and corruption
Take notes, you little hypocrite.

"I won't vote for anything that adds a penny to the deficit."

Gfy
You can still learn.
Hoping there is positive interaction and reciprocity due to his action. We'd like to see Congress work together
It’s not Statemanship to deny one’s own judgement. Sen Coons noted his reasons for opposing Pompeo and those reasons held. Confusing friendship with statesmanship doesn’t further our nation.
How would you know?
Sellout on the way out with his tail between his legs
What about your Friend Senator Rand Paul.  He deserves thanks too~
NOt a single @GOP senator would do that. And for that he is a fool.  Look at how many GOP senators said they would vote no. How many did.

The GOP is a Criminal organization, not a political party.
And I am extremely disappointed that Chris Coons did what he did.  God knows self interest seem to be the norm nowadays with Republican's and Democrats.
@SenBobCorker How on earth would YOU recognize a statesman?
Corker kickback. Another GOP vomitous mass.
Why is this never ever reciprocated on the Repub side ???
It is. They just don’t talk about it on Fox.
soooo, what did you think about Merrick Garland?
How the *hell* would you know, you breathtaking empty suit?
Coker Porker's suit ain't empty, it's stuffed with pork he took for his vote.
I wonder what Judas Chris Coon got for his vote of betrayal against his constituents?
.  Thanks Bob
Would a true statesman have blocked Merrick Garland?
Those true statesmen have a very short memory
Yeah, but not enough!
Somebody had to, it's not like you or a GOP member could.
Hurry up and leave. You are the slime that refuses to help the country. To busy making more laws to  protect you and the other old folks. Your days are done. We the people are so tired of your getting big bucks to do nothing but help yourselves!! Leave!
When r u leaving
Now let’s see if a republican EVER returns the favor.
Psst. I have a secret: They won't.
Bipartisanship, even in this small act, is not dead. Let’s please have more to come!
