China steals intellectual property from Western countries. Do you understand? All. No originality, no innovation. "Made in China 2025" to the world of economic slavery.
I can’t wait to see who won’t vote for this bill. It better be all 100 #senators signing because if it’s not then we will know where that Senators priorities are. This is a NO BRAINER. If you don’t stop #CHINA They will b Super power & life as u know it will be gone. HOPE UR RICH
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Do not believe what they say, depends on what they are doing! The CCP is becoming like a Nazi！
Senator, make sure you deal with all of the Chinese guns you love being sold in the U.S.  #nrakills
@POTUS @vp @JohnCornyn @SecretaryPerry 
May God help us prevail.
We support you, Mr. Senator. The United States must insist and must be firm. It has been more than a decade，the Chinese Gov’t hasn’t only failed to comply with the international trade rules, but also became more aggressive. The time left for the United States is indeed not much.
是的 中共是全球最大的敌人~
@amyklobuchar @TinaSmithMN this should have bipartisan support, I hope my legislators consider this for the greater good of our country and future.
Absolutely right. I’ve been noticing China’s aggression and subterfuge since Bill Clinton’s giveaways during his presidency. Steadily more insidious. I support your wisdom here. Awesome segment on @TuckerCarlson tonight!
You’re right on point with the #China issue!  But when you have your @SenMajLdr and his wife @ElaineChao in bed w/ the Chinese gov’t good luck getting your bill through! Maybe you should first be planning a mutiny of leadership!
Peter Schweizer - Secret Empires: How Mitch McConnell and Ellen Chao Used Political Power to Make Their Family Rich | Breitbart http://bit.ly/2FKlezJ  via @BreitbartNews
Just saw @marcorubio talking about this issue on @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson 
He is right. 
We need to get a handle on intellectual property theft from China
good job!
I am Chinese .the Chinese government is cheating the whole world. 1.4 billion Chinese People are the hostage. you are the hero of China.
Finally, and not too late, we need to let #China  know, play by the rules, they can't steal all the way to become a global beast #MAGA
Hard working and great job.thanks
YOU WILL BE THE NEXT! MARCO!
Do crack down on the god damn Chinese Communist Party before China really goes to democracy!
Now.. I’d like you to push for extended sessions, Friday’s Saturday’s, evening Sessions till midnight until President Trump has his Executive Appointments complete! Democrats Slowwalk. Historical Delays! #Obstruction
So its ok for you to look for a balance of trade with China but when the Dominican Republic decides to recognize them then theres something wrong? Come on now...

我给白宫写了petition，支持对中共的贸易战，大家赶紧来sign https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/supporting-trade-war-against-china-communist-party …
The only thing I care about is not voting for you next term!
Uh, hey Filthy. Tell the mercers to go F#ck themselves and do something about Russia.
You mean child trafficking


35 over  politicians have signed the @noNRAmoney pledge in the past week @marcorubio would you like to be the first Republican to sign?
What are you doing for Florida?  How are you meeting immediate needs in your own state?
TPP would have been one of those tools !! Trump is incompetent!
This one party ruler forever is what Castro dreams for LanAm.  China's "investment" in Vzla & Ecuador has only meant corruption, death, displacement of natives to usurp their land, deep high interest debt helping greedy corrupt politicians, leaving in turn a devasted economy.
Little Marco the Fake Christian Fake Human Being, why don't you take your 3 Million dollar NRA bribe and retire. The people of Florida deserve much more than a NRA flunky, they deserve a senator that works for the people. But Florida is stuck with the 3 million dollar NRA man.
Go Marco Go. 
GOD hold your steps.
Why not spend your time helping those you harmed w/tax act!?!

Impeach them all
Good idea
Am I the only one who thinks America greatly overestimates the strength of its role and position in trade and the worlds dependence on it? Including strength and support in relationships it has, and underestimates China’s play and other countries ability to choose from 2 options
And yet, DOS CPAC run by Obama appointees out of tune.  At yesterday’s mtg on renewal of MoU w PRC re import restrictions on cultural goods, one member said not their concern that PRC Counterfeiting historic US coins  to defraud US collectors.  Violates US law!  Please help!
Too late to change topics.
You need to introduce a new bill that will protect Mueller and Rosenstein!!!  Enough is enough with this lying hypocrisy, stop protecting this CRIMINAL!!!!
Mr. Bubio,you are always  right.I love  you
It is not only about the trade, but about the future of human beings of the world!
And then the week after, you will back down. You waffle more than @realDonaldTrump's legal defense.
Sorry mate, if US isn't as powerful as you think. Didn't notice that a team of Mohd have gone to the mountain?
An all out trade war then.
Nobody’s going to care - they only care about the $3.3M taken from the NRA
Never ever trust a group of shameless thieves who are keep lying to Chinese people and the worldwide.  Just let them down.

just read the comments below the article, nobody like you... amazing!
Look at the number of ’s. They far outweigh the negative comments. This is true elsewhere.
Hard working and great Senator!
But then you’ll change your mind the next day. Like the tax cuts! And you will change your mind again the next day. Then of course you will tweet biblical verse. You are a real embarrassment to America. So transparent.
I think POS 45 has taken care of that. Now u wanna do something...smdh
You do the right thing
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
How about a bill that targets @NRA aggression? Oh sorry I forgot they pay you to ignore this issue. #disappointment
China is not aggressive. If you actually spent any time over here getting to know the culture, country, and people, you would know that.
Senador Rubio, nos preocupa que no hemos escuchado pronunciarse a la Casa Blanca de la barbarie cometida por el dictador Daniel Ortega con los estudiantes  (63 muertos) se dice que pueden ser más.
Será que nos están dejando solos?
Will it help the America soybean farmers for whom the Chinese have stopped buying their soybeans? 
China bought from Brazil and other countries this month, not from American farmers.
@SenMarcoRubio:
'Next week I will be introducing a new bill that will target #China tools of aggression. We must return equilibrium to US-#China relationship before it is too late.'
"Tools of #aggression?"
"Return #equilibrium"?so any agreemt in which US doesn't dominate=uneven
Marco Will you also follow up on your tax cuts don't help interview in liberal Economist? Really? I'm amazed people still pimp Rubio as some conservative hope.
How about a bill to ban guns or help puerto rico or help the homeless or idk maybe enforce daca. How about anything to help schools and TEACHERS or turn back the raping of the Florida lottery that was only approved like 30 years ago to solely help education? How about that marco?
You need to reach a constituent. I left many messages to your staff. In Orlando and DC office. Your staff have my number call me!

I really appreciate that in the world an important portion of people like Sen. Rubio are still fighting for the interest of national security and economy of the entire western world. We need initiatives like that for a future without a chinese superpower!
Unfortunately the world is bigger than the West, and frankly we don’t like western power
Exuse me but if you don't like western powers than nobody can help you anymore.
China has actually helped Africa and the developing in the past 20 years than the West in a longer period, so, we don’t really need your help, we need independence from y’all, and China is providing that.. but we’ll see which way the world goes
But these proposals won't hurt your buddy @IvankaTrump and her China made products I suspect. She might give you a frown face .
Meanwhile...why does Scott Pruitt still have a job?
Business leaders are more experienced and equipped to handle trade.
Comer kaka, PUTO 
凡是对中国共产党不利的，都对中国人民有益。
贊成還是反對中國共產黨？
因為我可以告訴你，世界在團隊中國，我們厭倦了西方帝國主義，當Marc Rubio提到說很多國家都在擔心的時候，他只是指美國或者西方，這就是為什麼他沒有提到名字
Trump has the correct balance and things are working out. Let that settle out before bringing other dimensions to it. It’s almost like you want the North -South Korea thing to fail. It’s good for our country so let President Trump create the balance needed.
Yes. It’s about time that US to fight back against #China #Communist cheating and stealing! Enough is enough!
Go back to bed
Start with the trump line and ivanka crap.
Probably let President Trump do his thing. It has been working out great. China has been helping with bringing North Korea to the table. Terrible idea for you to bring something like this up now. Let master deal maker figure it out. That’s why he was elected.
China has been helping? You need to know they are the root of the N. Korea problem, NK is just their little sometimes out of control mad dog .
Why don't you push American companies to stop manufacturing in China, marco? That would solve most everything.
Thanks for the tax cuts.... not #RichGetRicher no change in my check
Please Never trust the Chinese Communist Party！！！
请消灭共产党邪教组织，谢谢
Ustedes están destruyendo este gran país!
How about introducing a bill that targets Puerto Rico’s law enforcement tools if agression? Or a bill that targets Wall St.’s tools if aggression? Or the NRA’s tools of aggression? #MilkToastMarco
Start with ties and dress shirts.
That's all good and well, but when will you and @SenateGOP @HouseGOP rally around @realDonaldTrump & pass IMMEDIATE and NECESSARY LEGISLATION to close loopholes in asylum, illegal alien births in U.S.,  & deportation of Illegals. Stop blowing smoke up our ass
How much @NRA money will you take this year? #NeverPresident
"I'm going to just pretend that everything is totally normal and maybe no one will notice how much I support the serial adulterer Trump."
By the way you do know that they stopped buying our soy beans. Welcome to yet ANOTHER Republican RECESSION
So what will you be doing about the Party of Aggression AKA @GOP ?
No spine.
Why do you care about China, yet support for profit prisons?
Question... are you still standing up for @realDonaldTrump? Or are you going to speak out about his “roll” in paying @StormyDaniels?
*you're
Please focus on repealing tax scam. Unless you've changed your position AGAIN .
So, a trade war?
Rubio what was the cost of your soul. Just curious
$1.05
That's cheap cant  go to the Dollar Tree and buy something for that haha
The  like @ComfortablySmug are triggered!
Your proposal is shit. And you know it.
Thus saith the LORD.

Marco just tweets bible verses and weak sauce defense of the tax scam that he helped pass that hoses the american worker. Nice.
We need #GunReformNow
