How sad, we give welfare to Billionaires but not to the people who need it the most. Jesus is so proud of you Marco.
You think we don’t give welfare to these people?
In the tune of 3.6 billion a quarter?? No
We spend 1 trillion a year on social security alone, almost that again on Medicare, Medicaid and Chip, so you are right, it is more like 500 billion a quarter
Just goes to show that private donors care more for this crisis ( women/children) than you do as Senator.
Or that his philosophy is correct and people are better at this than government
Last I looked, it's people who hold positions in government.  Which are representing the demand of the people...until their greed is bought out. i.e. #NRA
Fine I should have been more specific, private institutions are more effective than government programs
Truly either government or private programs, with allocated funds, when used appropriately would make no difference with same regulations/procedures.
Except they don’t, government is almost always less efficient than the private sector
Because of lobbyists and donors (wanting to restrict)...back to the initial tweet...again I'll refer to NRA for example.
Seems like government helping support private charities is a better solution to me
And why should we believe you?
Private citizens have to do what u don’t have the courage or commitment 2 do like taking care of ur constituents, u have left the poor, elderly and middle class behind, ur skipping reading those parts of the Bible, shameful, fake human being
Not true.  The Bible says for his people to take care of widows and orphans   Not the government. So get your lazy self out there and help people !
Thank you to those philanthropists filling a need that our government can’t and won’t. Perhaps, Senator, you should be spending your time looking in to WHY our homeless population is growing instead of tweeting about Venezuela. 1/2
It's growing because of government intervention.
It is NOT A GOP DONOR as they are too busy stealing from same people
Wtf does corrupt GOP especially little Marco has to do with it?
Lying hypetcrit
Key phrase "built with private donor money"!  So why the hell are you boasting?
That’s because you gave our money for the collective good to the rich via your #GOPTaxScam
Welfare to Billionaires, but not to the poor.  #DrugTestBillionaires

Trying to avoid criticizing Trump?
Its Shame Today we went to the American embassy and they didn’t let us go inside, just phone out side the building they ignored and let us waiting in the hit with my babe of 8 months.....!!!!

Marco Rubio after Tillerson's confirmation hearing vs. Marco Rubio today 
when is Miami's town hall meeting. Why haven't u set one up
stop accepting "donations" from lobbyist. There is no way to stay unbiased from a $3 million dollar pay day.
How will he campaign if he doesn’t have money?
Pompeo is a racist and a misogynist.

What does Trump or Russia have on you that you have not crossed the aisle? Your words have faded. Our nation is dying.
ASI ES COMO TRABAJAN LAS PERSONAS DE BUEN CORAZON SENADOR
YOU do YOUR job. Pass the ENTIRE #MARCHFOROURLIVES AGENDA, then move on to other important items.
This is great
https://twitter.com/i/moments/920268146510090240 …  And who will sustain the shelter? When it isn't brand new, and it isn't sexy to donate to the shelter, will it rot?
There Is not enough shelters for abused men Senator. When will you be addressing this ?
Why help women and kids, when they can pick THEMSELVES up by their boot straps, (and their husbands and fathers already provide for them) as OUR American God intended? If you help them, they'll become lazy parasites. Such a waste of American business dollars. #MAGA #TrumpTrain
~Is this you insinuating private money can handle social inequality, Senator @marcorubio? @LotusHouse1 is amazing but the issue of homeless families is systemic and must be handled by shifts in policy- i.e. healthcare, education, & pay equity
Proving once again, people do a better job of taking care of each other than the govt..think how much more good we could do if almost 1/3 of my money wasn't going to taxes. #fedup
This does NOT relieve the government from supporting its citizens just because one privately funded center is working and when's your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
If it was done privately, why do we need our dysfunctional congress? Resign
Lotus Village is a shelter built entirely with private money because Republicans don't care about people in need. All Republicans care about is building tax shelters for their rich friends
Just come out and say it. You want us to conclude the following: Therefore, government services and social safety nets are not needed.
No drew.  Conservatives do not believe that !
So, the Florida government again fails to assume it’s responsibility. Please see - $0.47 per student. Insufficiently funded mandate to provide police officers for schools.
that's fine and well but what are YOU doing for the people of this state? Your record does not support the less fortunate.
Given you are one of THOSE republicans that believes the government does not have a responsibility to it's citizens to take care of the vulnerable we KNOW you don't care about homeless women or children.
Maybe if you did something about guns, we wouldnt have so many women and children living on the streets in abject terror of their abusive and dangerous partners. 

Vote Them Out
If only the country had more philanthropists than lobbyists...
Because we can’t depend on you to help Americans who are poor, homeless, sick.....
You are correct that it is great accomplishment done totally with private donations. The shame is that the Florida & the govt continue to cut all funding to help kids & homeless Mothers while pretending to care.  The #GOPTaxBillScam gives billions to your donors but none to kids!
Miami necesita más de estos refugios y nuevas legislación, regulaciones , ordenanzas y  costos de rentas de viviendas considerables.Precios de alquileres exorbitantes con pocos beneficios.! Multitudes de ciudadanos y habitantes duermen bajos los puentes.?
Amazing. I guess we really don’t the Government, to make progress, we just  need more people putting their money where their mouth is.
Fellow Conservatives,
Robert Muller is a disgrace!
# TCC......
Since it was built with private money, is there any guarantee that service wil be given without duscrimination based on race or religion?  Do they reserve the right to refuse service?
This is why we don't need the government to fund things like Planned Parenthood, the arts, etc.  If it means a lot to the people, it will get funded privately.  We are a very charitable nation.
it is important to help the disadvantaged, under-resourced and disenfranchised specially in a country with so many resources.
It would be just as successful if you republican would stop killing funding for programs like this. You want to take away all gov. Programs n than dump it on the citizens to figure it out. Just wrong!

Do they take in illegals?  Illegals are such a drain on our society.

USA the richest country in the world has to build temporary housing 
This is a disgusting reflection of the USA 
Rich people thinking they are doing good
F them
I have no words for this "shelter". It is like a beautiful hotel. I wish all the founders, volunteers, & inhabitants the very best.
Let’s see if it can operate well.  Everything in Florida is so unorganized due to nepotism, corruption and general lack of leadership.  I hope this place stands a chance.
Someone needs to shake you.

American veterans account for most of the homeless, this country throughs them out when we r done with them.

1. When will Russia deserve sanctions? And
2. A judge has finalized a $25 million settlement for students who claim they were defrauded by Trump; you support this guy?

If people can pay their bills, healthcare, they contribute to the economy 
Making everyone richer
But you thieves believe and love the power of holding people as slaves
Stupid is the word for it
How about we stop single mothers and their kids from being homeless/poverty by removing the welfare state which incentivizes single-motherhood, and end minimum wage laws which “are the most anti-negro laws on the books” -Milton Friedman (Nobel Prize Winner in Economics)
Mr. Rubio, Please urge Senator McConnell to allow a vote on the bill to protect the Mueller investigation.
And you remain silent. #complicit
And this means what, exactly?  Are you pretending you are responsible for it somehow?
He is trying to be sneaky by saying Private donor as in Privatized is better, Gov. Funded would be just as good if Rubio n his kind would stop  killing funding for these much needed programs.
Aw, cute, you care about kids!

How about help them not get shot.
Both republican both put there by Trump.
We need #GunReformNow
