我看到china spy 我就点赞了，虽然我看不太懂什么意思
說製裁華為不涉及貿易，而是關係到美國的安全，指華為是間諜機構。
最后一句，我看不太懂，我知道大意，我在学英语
De facto 是拉丁語，比較正式的法律用語也喜歡拗口點，就是 實際上 實務上的意思，這句是講他們實務上都是中國間諜機構就是了
China is the biggest threat to US ever, bigger than Nazi Germany and USSR, and much much bigger than today’s Russia. However most Americans still don’t realize this. There are only few people in US who woke up and saw the reality, such as Marco Rubio.
Because Americans are being brainwashed by the left that might be supported financially by CCP. Please investigate
Agree!
So simple. So easy. The world is much much more complicated than what you thought.
Quietly click “AGREE” . 
Zuckerberg is a The CCP spy
以前不讨厌犹太人，甚至因为纳粹的缘故而同情他们。现在看到这货跟中共勾结，出卖用户信息，此等行为非是下流无耻俩词能形容的，不作死不会死。。这张图片十分令人恶心！
米，管好那个特不靠谱吧，滥用用户隐私可是人家的专利
Mr. Senator Rubio, you are totally right. Look at this, Huixiao Wei(韦慧晓), a female active duty lieutenant commander of the Chinese navy who worked for Huawei for 4 years. She has even been Senior Vice President Secretary of Huawei. http://tech.qq.com/a/20160921/054188.htm …
@realDonaldTrump She has even been Senior Vice President Secretary of Huawei. It is even not new to us that Huawei is one of Chinese government's "white gloves" actually.http://tech.qq.com/a/20160921/054188.htm …
U.S.A., you are 97 years late to correct your wrong expectation of CCP
To allow communists to become bigger is not only a disaster for the United States but also a disaster for world civilization.
Translation：这些行动与贸易问题无关。它们牵涉到我们必须解决的重大国家安全漏洞。支那的科技公司不像美国公司，它们总是在事实上成为国家的间谍机构，尽管有些并不情愿。
Agreed but lets not pretend US tech firms dont do the same. Just putting all the cards out there.
China’s so-call high tech companies are all spies and thieves, otherwise the Chinese government wouldn’t have let them exist.
That’s exactly like US ones
If a Chinese company leader disobeys the CCP, he disappears.

Dead, being tortured in jail, doesn't matter.

They'll be replaced with someone who will obey.

Any company allowed in China is controlled by the CCP.
Ppl who have never been in the hell cannot appreciate the heaven
Commie China can never been trusted (period)
美国发现的会不会太迟了？
And I keep wondering how many media in our soul have been infiltrated?
Huawei is not Huawei. ZTE is not ZTE. Alibaba is not Alibaba. And other Chinese enterprises are not what they appear to us. They are all Communism China Regime with confusing masks. The China regime has fooled us for decades and taken our wealth to make good for themselves.
支持啊中共历来都是骗子
Mr Rubio, US tech companies are being bribed in an unimaginable degree by CCP. Twitter accepted 55 Million USD and shut down Miles Kwok account. YouTube’s click number on Miles video were always manipulated by CCP and YouTube. Congress should investigate US firms too!

Why are we having a trade war with China? you have done nothing about it
Because It is necessary and urgent!
Most of Americans cannot understand the evil the furthest they can see is another good American. That is why we need a worldly leader!
BUENOS DIAS SENADOR SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA. RECUERDE LA AYUDA URGENTE QUE ESTAMOS NECESITANDO DEL GOBIERNO DE EEUU PARA SALIR DE ESTA DICTADURA

Sir , Chinese is Commie
与贸易战无关，他们是中国的代理间谍机构
卢比奥一阵见血
You are absolutely right, Senator! Let those commie have it.
Have eyes on who among us actually helped them achieve on our soil!
You are the third one who knows China best in the US,  while the other two are @nyhopin and @KwokMiles 
I won't compare these 2 together. I don't dig the first.
Your president is a Putins puppet and you worry about the Chinese? Wtf?
Because he knows which one is a worse threat.
U talking with a troll maybe a Chinese one
Russia  enemies  with  American people
No, Russia is too small to be America’s enemy.
Another troll
Absolutely it is truth.
制裁这些独裁者！
That's true
基本上积极踊跃建立中共党组织的都有巨大嫌疑
As de facto agents, they lack discipline of real ones.
In fact, CCP is far more dangerous than nazi.
Harder!!!
共产党的企业当然是间谍机构，因为他们都是共产党的资产，有为共产党从事间谍活动的责任。放在任何西方国家法律下，都属于黑社会性非法组织。
CCP is nazism
Quisiera agradecerle por entender a profundidad sobre el espionaje de las compañías tecnológicas de China. 非常感谢卢比奥议员对形式的精准判断。Los problemas de Irán, Rusia, Corea del Norte y China no son independientes, pero intervinculados, y la fuente principal es China.
Absolutely correct
Zuckerberg is a The CCP spy
CCP is always a liar, it cannot be trust anymore.
Mr. Rubio, your true obsolete awareness of behaviour of Communist Party of China is highly appreciated by the very much depressed people China and the world in large. Very much expecting further actions against..
finally ,you west guys wake up
Mr. Senator, I hope politicians at washington can see your point, wake up and react.
Correctly, there should be full sanctions and blockade of China
Help Chinese to destroy the evil government
I agree#
Totally AGREE!!!
Dear Marco,NOTHING in China can be “successfull” if without an official background,companies such as Tencent,Alibaba, and Sohu listed in the US, without exception, are all spies and money makers of the CCP.
This right
That's true for sure! 谢谢您的支持！it's the time to punish them without mercy!
Americans are finally awake！
very cool point.
https://youtu.be/9fKTIpNQ-as 
watch this video. you will get more information.
Don't forget NSA
Thank you! Senators #Rubio!
You make the point!chinese company are government control company.they are hacker and spy.
Your analysis is very correct.Spoke out the nature of the http://matter.Support  U .
You are right, M. Rubio. As a chinese, i know many of ``chinese politic criminals``  were arrestted by the CCP in using the technology of these spy companies!
These Chinese tech companies are the Trojan horses of Commie China.
100% agree.
You are absolutely right, as a Chinese citizen, I personally experienced the spying power of China's tech companies, and I know who is behind those acts.
Your Online Giants are collecting data from all over the globe ... God knows what u do with that data ... Superior breed pretending to be guardians of the world, consistently disturbing world peace for your own benefits and trying to tell what Russia or China is up too wow
这些举措与贸易问题无关。它们涉及严重的国家安全漏洞, 我们必须加以解决。

这是哪个公司

As a Chinese citizen, I have to admit that you are very insightful. Your view is exactly what it is.
The same principle literally applies to EVERY Chinese tech company. Hazard persists as long as they are allowed to exist in the US. Pretty much guaranteed.
Will huawei be included?
必须剿灭共产党，它们是没有人性的
Between $225 - 600 billion in technology is stolen annually.

China is a parasitic state.

The CCP is sucking its people dry, and still can't support itself.
I don't understand how Americans can continue to be so naive.

ALL Chinese companies work for the CCP.

If they refuse a request, the CEO is thrown in jail and tortured.  Of course they'll assist the CCP.
You are a real expert on CCP's China.
You got that one right. China is the greatest violator of intellectual property in the world.
Mr Rubio, you are on the target. Way to go! What you are doing is helping global civilization against evil Chinese government.
You are right, this is war, ban the China Technologies company out of US don't want to be controlled by CCP.
Solving the problem of personal information vulnerabilities can only save the U
Your understanding of Chinese Government is outstanding, senator.I used to think only Chinese can know exactly how CCP’s spy system works.
Marco, fully on your side. The communism China must be kicked out of games and get rid of this evil kernel.
You are absolutely right, All Chinese companies are controlled or used by their government, and China government is a very very sneaky, shameless government I have ever seen. So USA must be very careful.
The U.S. and Japan jointly attacked the CCP’s dictatorship and sanctioned the CCP’s economic aggression against the U.S. and Japan, returning the world to fairness, justice, and peace.
The brutal Chinese government has cheated US many years as everyone knows.
You're right Marco. 
Thank you Mr. Rubio, from a Chinese citizen.
The CCP has always used influential technology companies, academic institutions, and celebrities to secretly infiltrate the United States in an attempt to export the communist system. Those institutions and individuals are still full of patriotic enthusiasm and self-righteousness
You are 100% correct, Mr. Senator.
You tell everyone the truth！
Mr Marco, Russia's GDP is only a province of China. And China supported Russia 50B US dollars last 5 years. Syria, Iran, Russia, North Korea and China, China is the root of the evil axis. Do not worry about leaves and branches. Get rid of the root of the evil axis! CCP 1st of 1st
Exactly same opinion! Get rid of evil China others die by themselves. China is the evil root.
You got it, Marco! Chinese State-owned corporation do whatever government assigned them to do. Some are PLA spies. While preparing raising tariff, sanction has to be ready and break-away diplomatic relation next then you have to be ready for the hot war. CCP is just gangsters.
And SOOOOO INTELLIGENT MARIO U KNOW THIS HOW, COLLUSION TRUMP TELL YOU.
Have you noticed #Russia? Have you noticed @realDonaldTrump dropping sanctions? Have you noticed how compromised Jared and Ivanka are? #Hypocrite
No More!  Stop the #SneakyChinese #TechCrimes
You are right. Any tech product from China can open back doors for CCP government any time they demand, let alone the device will try to send any info they are interested to get, business or technical secrets.
They are agencies of the CCP. Many of the CEO have LINKS to the communist party of China!
NICE TO SEE YOU KISSING TRUMPS ASS WITH A STANDING OVATION !!!!  SAD !!!!!!
I CAN SEE YOU HAVE NO SELF RESPECT !
Do you ever work .  Little Marco lying hypetcrit
Anything to distract from your culpability in Russia issues, right?  You took RU money and are paying back with your constant support of #IQ45. Shameful, crooked, cowardly Little Marco who sells himself and his wife for a buck.
中國很多人都是道德三觀無底線，為了金錢權利不擇手段甚至不惜一切代價。特別是很多科技公司都以抄襲山寨外國科技為主，跟這種國家交往，不用想都特別累。。。跟這種厚顏無恥的偽君子打交道做買賣，美帝小心點吧。。。
good!
CCP is Nazi，this evil should be perished。
Yes. You know everything. Great Senator.
TRUST IN THE LORD BUT DO NOT TRUST OR BELIEVE IN THE REPUBLICAN POLITICIANS BULLSHIT SPEWN FORTH IN THE GUISE OF A BIBLE THUMPER CALLED LITTLE MARCO
Well I’m certainly informed on Rubio tweets thanks to you. Too many Bible verses for my taste esp from an elected official.
RUBIO YOU OPERATE THE SAME AS THE CHINESE SPIES WITH YOUR COVERT BIBLE THUMPING BULLSHIT AND LIES ! Psalm 11;33 Of the book of Republican Crooks.

Would that be like the president's daughter stealing designs from someone else?
Nearly every major Chinese company is tied directly to the PLA.
Care to back that claim up with facts? 

What about Russia's undue influence of the Executive Branch. Why do you refuse to fight it?
Because Russia has not stole American industries.
It's interesting you think they were stolen, and not willingly moved over there and a logical progression of a global, for-profit economy, brutally seeking every possible dollar to be "earned".
It was stolen, by CCP-sponsored espionage.
So exactly like the US then
And on the home front, Marco, what’s your take on @NRA?


$1.05 #VoteThemOut
Marco, you aren’t protecting us from trump, you abdicate your responsibility to be a check on the executive branch. You fool no one
And yet you allow @realDonaldTrump to not implement Russian sanctions. You do not look attractive with that brown nose, you’ll look even worse when unemployed.
And Facebook? Selling personal data to spy agencies don't concern you?
Do you ever stop to think that Russian hacking/meddling maybe cost you the primary?
Us  united States  time  set nock out Russia map
You are so worried about national security but don't care that traitor trump continues to refuse to enforce sanctions agains Russia that is interfering with our elections and trying to sabotage our infrastructure.  You are complicit.
給俄羅斯施加壓力就如同變相的拯救他們，煽動群眾反美？一味的制裁也不怕狗急跳墻，美國這麼厲害，就應該一點一點拉開距離耗死這些流氓國家。。。
Hope you're right on this one.
7 a.m.  and on the Trump Train....too early....hey, Marco, how was that Sean Hannity Christmas gift .
That one came out of left field...or do you already know.
 Republicans are going down soon...say hi to The Donald....
Do you except so called “journalists” to actually do their job and do some fact checking?? Please! They’ll take any story they can get if it’s against Trump!
Senator, I am not sure they are as innocent as you described!
There ya go, thanks. See how easy that was. And you didn't even need Scripture.
Do you ever get tired of gaslighting? Nothing has been done about Russian cyberattacks and there's a huge campaign going on now.
What are you talking about? Facebook is changing their add policies for political advertising and they're working up a bill to help stop outside influences for all social media sites to abide by.
Seen the hacking Russia has done ?
So no campaign funds from @Huawei or @ZTEPress
Dude. The @GOP is such a sh*tshow right now everytime I turn around one of you is lighting another dumpster on fire and walking away like “let’s never talk of this again”
Show us the Russian Sanctions NOW #goprussia
