Good work #Senator, you always make us Proud! #Leadership
That's all good, Senator. Now, how about a Town Hall with your constituents. We'd love to give you an earful on gun control and healthcare.
Senator did you talk about how you are trying to remove access to affordable & adequate healthcare for these very same communities. As you say the ones that need it the most. Repeal of the individual mandate is just another attempt to undermine affordable care. #ashamed
Pshhhh! Tax benefits trump
Marco, if u have any success, it’s because of President Trump!! Marco, U “OWE” @POTUS full Support !!!
Totally biased and untrue article! The NRA is tax exempt because it's a social welfare organization. The defense of civil rights secured by law is by definition a social welfare activity.
Today is the 19th Anniversary of the Columbine High School Massacre. Any comment, Senator? #BanAssaultWeapons
Republicans like to pretend Bush's tax cuts never happened | MSNBC
The theory behind Trump’s tax cuts is exactly what gave us the failed Bush economy - Vox
Tax Cuts in the Bag, Paul Ryan Lustfully Eyes Welfare “Reform” | Vanity Fair
.@SpeakerRyan wants you to know: he's never going to stop trying to cut Social Security.
Paul Ryan Is Trying to Give His Attacks on the Poor a Shiny New Rebranding
From Reagan to Trump: blaming poor people for their own poverty, to justify slashing subsistence programs
Fantastic news thanks Senator Rubio
Nice to hear! My parents & relatives are in California:)
They look at you like ttt   a joke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
VOTE REPUBLICAN 
Lie, NRA blood sucker
You aren't fooling anybody with the propaganda for your tax scam bill.
What about a NEW family code?

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
How about no school shootings?
ASI SE TRABAJA SENADOR. SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA

To the good people of Florida. Please do not elect these sycophants again. The will spin on a dime, every time, just to keep the campaign money coming.
You screwed it up the first time. More lipstick does not make the pig prettier. It’s just MORE LIPSTICK ON A PIG, People!! STOP! #GOPTaxScam
Wise partnership! keep it up. Thanks
Ban the damn guns!!!! Stop distracting!
I'll bet you're talking about your rich neighborhoods, huh Rubio?
... No?

Dear Marco Rubio - did you forget that today marks the anniversary of #Columbine? 19 years ago. But did you ever think twice about taking money from the @NRA? Did you ever think twice about stricter gun controls? No, you're a #Dylan fan "Don't think twice it's alright NRA"
Little Marco you are STILL FAILING and will be taken out by the TRUMP TRAIN you are very week on borders, very week on defence, and very week on protecting ME and America from the FAKE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATING!!!

Did you talk about the millions you receive from the NRA?

Meanwhile another school shooting in Florida.
How hypocritical can you get and how stupid do you think people are.  You are working to take healthcare, medicaid, other govt benefits from the poor.  Not to mention attempting to rob people of their Social Security and Medicare.  But you do want an assault rifle in every pot.

Party of Liars #VoteThemOut2018
