How do you stand upright with no spine?
The strings of the NRA hold him up and allow him to dance.
Shut the fuck up little Marco, Kanye is tweeting
Rubio preparing to take a position on an issue.
This is the best thing you've said. I lost family and friends just for my support. We don't really have a voice @realDonaldTrump
At least your family are readers.
Senator is he the one who wants to take health care away from millions, fill cabinet positions with wholly unqualified relatives & billionaires & hanger-ons, deny science, gun control reform & climate change? No, sir, that's you & the mess you have made conservatism & the GOP.
So what are you doing?? You could care less what ppl think or you would have put country over party

I dare say there are more than a few of the 63 million who have rethought their support of our current President. Witness the elections results since Trump elected. How do you feel, Senator, about the blanket contempt POTUS obviously has for people of color? 1/2
2/2 - Unless you & the "base"(not 63 mil) are willing to speak candidly and honestly about this issue you absolutely should not be included in any discussion. Because of this alone, I must agree with Mr. Pitts.
Two things: 1) Admit it, he has point with “rocks” comment. Why engage w/ people incapable of rational thought and totally disassociated w/ the concepts of “facts” and “truth”, 2) I can’t believe you read the article and that was your takeaway. You’re embarrassing.
Senator, when you take a stand on anything without changing your mind in 48 hours, maybe you will be taken seriously.

Until then, sit down and let the grownups work.
You might start by NOT PASSING A #taxscam that helps only your wealthy donors.
@marcorubio when and where is your next town hall at Miami?... can you face all the people that will lose health insurance ?... can you repeat in front of us that employment is better than 2 years ago, and salaries are higher, and cost of life lower?... all are lies...
Thanks for bringing national attention to this article. Very good.
Why don’t you ask Trump that question? The blanket contempt he shows for the 65 million of us who voted for Hillary won’t heal the divisions either. The nasty contempt his supporters show HRC supporters won’t heal the divide either. Why not lecture Trump and leave us alone.
Conservatives don’t hate you. We just want to go about our lives. But you and your fascist beliefs just won’t allow you to leave it alone. Someday, liberals are going to actually get the side of us you’re always claiming we are. You’ll regret it. Such fools.
Did Trump's personal lawyer just plead the fifth? Rocks indeed.
Well, in my experience, Trump supporters are dumber than rocks so....the columnist is correct.

Who are now trying to spin that they are really "victim criminals" who are being treated unfairly because the laws of the nation are being applied to them and their crimes. What's the old saying, "if you don't have the time, don't commit the crime?" #Republicans #MAGA
I read the article and you, Mr. Rubio...Have Been Served
Senator, He’s right about you.
The column is dead on, Rubio, you gutless shill. Enjoy your last years as Florida senator.
That's a question you and your fellow criminal Republicans need to find an answer to. #ThrowThemOUT
You didn’t support trump and talked lots shit about him Rubio. So which is it? You worse than a girl on her period, change your mind too much.
Did you read Mr. @LeonardPittsJr1 response? Reading helps one understand.

His hypocrisy is amazing. Here's a leftist saying that we won't reason with them all the while supporting obstructionism in Congress and Anarchy on the streets.
Columnist responds to me with denial he said Trump supporters shouldn’t be heard. But then admits he won’t engage with them b/c it’s “like reasoning with rocks.” How does blanket contempt of 63 million fellow Americans heal divisions you claim to lament? …
The Columnist said"it would be reasoning with a box of rocks!"  Why waste your breath when u know their not going to listen to what u have to say!
He's not wrong though, is he? Trumpist have no interest in reason, facts, science, or any of the normal parameters that lead to good decision-making. It's just fear and greed. Their choice for president, especially at this point, says all that needs to be said.
I guess you live in the black and white world of politics. Didn’t you know that many independents voted for Trump and even many who voted for Obama before.
Screw WHAT, I’m getting more money in my paycheck just with that alone I’m happy
Like I said, fear and greed.
Wanting to keep more of your own hard earned money is not greed. You wannna talk about fear? Talk to your environmentalists pals who usually preach their dooms day scenario worst than the apocalypse.
And how do you take $3.3M from the NRA!!
Trump is an immoral lying racist, who rose to power because of the backlash against our first African AMERICAN President. Admit it Little Marco and you will finally be grown up enough to lose the nickname he gave you! This has nothing to do with legitimate political differences!
Its hypocritical to make this statement publically about a columnist, while the President of the US citizen constantly encourages AND engages in contemptuous public comments and tweets about Democrats/citizens. Seems likely meant like "talking to wall" i.e. won't even hear/listen
You won’t engage with your constituents because ones who disagree with you will show up, you insufferable twit!
Who said the columnist never tried to engage? You are assuming this.
You need to contact a constituent. You office in Orlando has my number.
How about letting your constituents be heard?? We want a town hall. I have asked at least 300x in the last year... can you hear me yet?????
Pitts brings up solid points, Rubio attempts to conflate and falls flat. Rubio lost my support a while ago and has failed to represent me as his constituent after receiving my vote in past elections. A mistake not to be made in 2022.
Did you read the article Sen. Rubio? The author is trying to remind you to stand up for what you know to be true.  You  "once called him “dangerous” and a “con man” unqualified to have access to the nuclear codes" remember?
I am a Republican, I voted for you in the primary. You have turned out to be a disappointment. I was so hoping you would stand up to Trump but sadly you and other Republicans cower, enable his behavior, his attitude and vote for his policies.#TaxScam #sad
Columnist responds to me with denial he said Trump supporters shouldn’t be heard. But then admits he won’t engage with them b/c it’s “like reasoning with rocks.” How does blanket contempt of 63 million fellow Americans heal divisions you claim to lament? …
YOU ARE not a republican if you don't support GOP POTUS..go join the other sleazy liberals trying tontake country to the gutter..
Because you say it doesn't make it so, I am a Republican. I voted, not for the Dems, but could not, would not, vote for @realDonaldTrump and chose a write in candidate. Have a good day!
Agree with the writer.  I ignore the Dump fans.
Don’t ask questions you don’t want answers to, Mr. Rubio.
But it is reasoning with Rocks ! What else could you bring to the table ? Go Away Marco once out you are well aware your political career is over !
Were you going to address any of the substance in Pitts' column?  Because that is in there.
How does your contempt for the other 260 million of us make you a representative of the people or a patriot? You represent only greed and the systematic destruction of any governmental function that serves average citizens. You sir are an enemy of the American people.
How does saying this is a widely-held view that people won’t admit to (which is not provable) heal divisions *you* claim to lament?
Smug is an ass #BlockedBySmug
what do you stand for, @marcorubio ?
Regulated smaller magazine size, hahahahahahahahhaha jkjkjk magagagagagag
Mad King Donald's obedient Lil Marco, trying to play the outrage card. Save it, you pint-sized Philippe Petain of a #VichyRepublican. You don't have 63 million behind your collaboration.
those 63 million Americans can START by NOT hating liberals and NOT blaming everything on liberals.  Otherwise, there is no reasoning with intellectual children.
How does blanket contempt of almost 173 million fellow Americans heal divisions you claim to lament, Sen @MarcoRubio?
Go straight to hell and take your lying flip-flopping greedy amoral American traitors with you
Spoiler—Majority of Americans are capable of critical thinking....
#VoteThemOut 
#BlueWaveTheGOP
My millennial daughter asked me to take a hard look at you during campaign season. She supported you and worked hard in Texas to spread the word about you. She's beyond disappointed with you now. #45 is dangerous and unfit, and you enable him.
It's good to call out divisive actions, it's better give your to things that bring us together. 

The latter is missing from your tweets. I pray that you find that voice.
You are one of them. You have no conviction, integrity, or honor, you are owned by NRA and afraid of a very corrupt Lawless man.
If you weren't a rock, you would understand.
So disappointed with you...
Well, I have to agree that Trumpers are dumber than rocks. And you're owned by the NRA, so I have nothing to say to either one of you.
The headline reminds me of a Hamilton quote: If you stand for nothing, Burr, what’ll you fall for?”
Great article. Sheds light on the practices of the failing GOP
wtf, you don't want to seem to listen to the other 280 million
Do you support political segregation to Americans living in Puerto Rico, or do you support statehood for Puerto Rico?
Excellent point! They are not certainly the grown ups in the room
Especially since winning elections is coalition building. You can't dismiss half the country before things have even gotten started.
We have been treated like outcasts because we won't bow to the orange dictator. The GOP has lost a lot of voters & they have also lost the Independent vote because of this liar in the WH. We may not be large in numbers, but we're enough.
Last time a lot of us held our noses & pulled the lever for this train wreck. It won't happen again.
Millions of us went 3rd party. If we have to vote democrat to get him out of our house, I assure you we will.
I know I will .
As I said...
Amazing. A tweet from you that isn’t a hypocritical Bible verse? You actually responding in some way to one of your constituents? How novel.
Trump wasn’t my 1st, 2nd or3rd choice in the primaries and the only choice in the main election to represent issues important to me. Gotta say he has done exactly what he said he would do and I am pleasantly surprised. I HATE having to defend him tho.....
I am not a major Trump person, but I totally agree with your point and principle here. -Like and agree with them or not, all people must be heard to 'heal divisions' in America for America. Dialogue on both sides increases understanding, therefore the pathway to healing.
Marco Rubio is the empty suit
Oh brother fuck off 
What about the many ills of this President why don’t you stand up to him
First, they are as dumb as rocks. Second nobody really gives a rat’s claw what they have to say. Their hate-filled actions speak volumes.
Shut up, your great leader divides the country every day, Liddle Marco
Well, Rubio, you don’t care about the 65 million who voted for Hillary. You’re plenty contemptuous of us & our values.
The same way healing a divide is not conquered by our President not inviting anyone from the other side of the isle to the State Dinner last night I suppose.


Tribalism. #UsVsThem 
He doesn't want to engage with them. Perhaps the same way you don't seem to want to engage with Hillsborough County?
The same way that you demonize Democrats. #NRABloodMoney
The democrat party has been taken over by Radical Leftist Progressives. They are not rational and can’t be responsible. Must be DEFEATED!!
Be careful, words like facts and truth offend some people.
When citizens across the country were trying to hold their reps accountable in town halls you called those constituents “crazy.” Then you peeps teamed up and have simply refused to allow your constituents meaningful access ensuring that they won’t be heard. Hypocrisy is so you.
They shut down discussions.
I’m not sure who “they” is. The politicians who stopped having open town halls for fear of being forced off their talking points by the citizens they “represent” did in fact shut down discussions. Answering non-screened questions was too much for them.
.Again @LeonardPittsJr1 is right. Why in the world would you quote tweet this? You are really bad at your job. Also, “Donald Trump is unfit to be president, period, full stop”
You’ve aligned yourself with the wrong man.  Donald is pulling you down. Enjoy your last term in office.
Reasoning with rocks! Almost as good as that line about debating with Kellyanne being like trying to staple Jello to a wall.
Lil marco, really ? I mean, you DID watch Donnie on Fox this morning ? Go, watch it, and tell me that is not a trainwreck, and people that DENY it is, how delusional would they be ? Watch it..I dare you, until the end..when they cut him off.
What a great article!! Thank you for sharing!!
That columnist outclasses u in every way.
We've tried engaging with them,. Repeatedly. Civilly. You know what the result was?

Monotonous, repetitious, stoneheaded recitation of the same tired propaganda/lies from @FoxNews and PORKUS that have already been repeatedly debunked.

So what's the point of continuing 2 engage?
Little Marco is a Bible Thumping hypetcrit who will do anything for a vote.
How does your contempt for America keep you in office?  You are a sad sad example of an American.  I hope you are ready to return to your home as s FORMER office holder.  You disgust so many including me.
You’re REALLY obsessed with this guy.  Did he strike a nerve? I’ve learned from watching @realDonaldTrump that when anyone in the  #GOP gets so upset about a journalist, it’s likely bc that journalist is speaking out and telling the truth about them...
He stands for a Decent Man!
I love that columnist. He is spot on. Just like trying to speak you is like speaking to a bucket of rocks.
You don't have a lot of room to rag on the left for blanket contempt of entire people groups. Just saying.
@marcorubio the views expressed in this reply is exactly the feelings and thoughts that I & most progressive express. You should copy it & read it every day. Share it with the others in your party. Remember  “Choosing a party instead of choosing a person of truth, is illogical.”
Rubio, if you still don’t understand that there is no reasoning with the prog Democrats then you aren’t paying attention-Beating them is the only thing that matters.
Only so much one can say to people, legislators, or Senators who defend corruption, vulgarity, bullying, racism, misogyny,  incompetence and treachery.
How does ignoring the corruption in the White House mend the nation? #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
bc trump shouldn't have won.The majority voted against him.Too bad we still believe in the out dated electoral vote
Well you have to admit they are all dumber than a box of rocks so I would say he's on par
No one likes you.  You're small.
I love how you hide behind false outrage while you and your party support the most outrageously undemocratic leader in our nation's history #trumptreason
Headline is more believable than you, Mr. Rubio
Oh, you triggered regressive snowflake. Please shut up. Please.
My 81 y/o Trump-loving mom is anything other than a rock. More like a seriously sharp tool in the shed.
How does a weak-kneed shell of a so-called Senator have a chance of providing any of the leadership necessary to heal divisions?
Well he is just another Hillary supporter, who is still crying because they didn’t get their way. I always see conservatives trying to have dialogue with them all the while they want to boycott,riot, and call good people names.
Pretty sure you stand with #AlfieEvans
Kellyanne Conway must have sent an inbox telling you how to respond. Heaven knows you aren't capable on your own. Trump lost the popular vote. With you and your millions, the USA has lost its credibility, world standing, and moral compass. Are you proud Little Marco?
Don’t be upset if people call you out for acquiescing to whichever way the political wind blows. Wish you were a better leader personally.
Marco, if you can't see the hard right drumpf supporters refuse to listen to facts, you're blind....but it won't matter much longer...we're done.
any person still supporting trump is not worth discussing anything with because if they believe trump is a decent and moral person, their values are screwed up or they are delusional.
Simply put, Sen. Rubio, you have gone about enabling the most ill-equipped and insulting person as he perverts the highest office in our land. Please do not give us your contempt by saying you are doing otherwise.

The number is far less than 63 million now. Many have seen that he's not helping them. But you try to engage a hardcore Trump supporter in a debate. When you cite facts, they call you names. How is that a debate?
There's no reasoning wiith MSM. They're puppets of Soros,  socialists for open borders.
All we hear is lies from Trump, and bible verses from you! You need to retire Little Marco!
How do you stand up straight with no spine?
Shut up man, go kiss Trump where ever
Pass some gun control legislation. Or shut the hell up.
Says the guy that shows nothing but blanket contempt for millions of Cubans who disagree with him?
Dear lord, you're overpaid. What a hack.
Time for you to go, Little Marco.
Keep being trumps cockholster liddle Marco, orange lips are you, you’re the laughing stock of the Senate I’ve heard many people say
How insulting, we shouldn’t be heard. He’s a bully. If he wants such tight gov’t  control he should move to Venezuela & see how he likes that.
You are done. Start looking for another job.
It’s hilarious that you attached the article that you so clearly did not read. As usual, you are a fool.
Quite simply, Trump is a terrible human being.  Thus, contempt for his remaining supporters is completely justified.  It’s a shame you can’t see that. I think you do, actually.
THE TRUTH HURTS!
Marco you have zero self respect. after this guy insulted you and made fun of you i would have never given him any support. you're a clown who allowed him to change the rules on who respect each other in politics.
It is like reasoning with rocks! Nailed it!
1 of 63 million , MAGA
Listen. When Trump has done all he has done and it has not eroded any of the support from his base then what is the point? They don’t care. So be it.
What do you stand for ? You have gone backwards since your run for president.i have no idea what you stand 4 as you left your spine at the trump alter. FYI - I voted 4 u in 2016
You once stood against trump.....I guess you were not strong enough to protect America virtues...or godly ones for that matter

Signed ex conservative Republican who is ashamed of the lack of decency of my old party shows in fighting this deceitful man
Senator, he writes truth. You put yourself up for auction, you sell your vote to the highest bidder. You know who and what Trump is - and still you support him because it benefits you financially.  It’s all about lobbyists cash. You do nothing for Florida voters. Nothing!
Excellent column of your 180 to kiss Trump’s rather large ass while the nation falters and teeters on the brink. He is right - what do you stand for?
Keep believing in Jesus and trump - you deplorable pos
How can you take all that abuse from Trump and still support him? He might not want to talk to rocks, but you're on the ground grovelling.
Marco, time you stood for Country and Honor Your Parents - time to represent the REAL

It sounds to me like the unreasonable angry one is the one who wrote the article. Wow
It doesn't matter. Your obviously going to run for president yet again. Good luck with that.
That’s a true and good word Senator Rubio. Speak truth! 
You don’t like him.  You think he is a grotesque thug like most of us do  who is beholden to Putin.  His own lawyer is pleading the fifth.But like the rest of the GOP you do and say nothing.  History will not judge the GOP well here, including you.  If this were Obama......
Just remember the are 300 million people in this country. Your 20% won’t be enough
That number is falling as you speak. People are waking up. Touch SS see what happens.
Very accurate description actually. Three Truths of trumpsters: Fake news, it didn’t happen, he didn’t say that. You’re the joke, Liddle Marco. #TrumpCrimeFamily
I don't know what's worse: when you randomly post Bible verses you almost certainly don't adhere to, or when you retweet stories about yourself like someone really bad at humblebragging.
regardless of any newspaper opinion piece, I am not sure what you stand for.  I believe from your tweets & action you’ve mashed up god, guns & freedom.
Your thirsty ass is parched, Marco. Get a backbone
You can’t have an open and honest dialogue with people who deny obvious truths and facts. And you want to talk about divisive? Look at @realDonaldTrump and tell us who’s divisive.
And just what are you and donnie trying to do for the 65 million of us who voted against donnie? Can't have it both ways, Marco.
Simple. The advocacy of racism, fascism, and misogyny, as is the overwhelming predilection of Trump supporters, has no place in civilized society, and is the cause of such "lamentable" divisions. Example, do you engage with NAMBLA supporters?
So 63 million compared to 3 times that many that voted against trump and your utter disregard of them is okay?
Well, here's the thing Rubio...
Are YOU doing anything to "heal divisions?"
Poor Rubio. Complaining about a reporter leaving 63 million in the dust. While he and the @gop are leaving the remaining 99% in the dust. Healing comes with elections, marco.
@LeonardPittsJr1 doesn’t ‘reason’ with anyone. If you don’t agree w him you are wrong or evil. #hater typical lib- no cogent argument-attack the person! Refuse to read his column bc I will not b insulted.
I'm Hispanic I didn't vote on Race I voted on policy! I didn't vote for you Rubio because I didn't believe you had the voice of reason nor did I vote for Cruz because he is no different than you! There's a lot of lifelong Democrats that voted for Trump! Anti politician anti-pc!
Rubio stands for his own survival.
You're divisive @marcorubio and horrific for America. Your bible quoting, isn't going to cut-it, THIS time.

#Actually
#ListenTo
#Americans

#CanYouHearMenow
#signal

#Resist
intelligent people get it, serve your people with no regrets!
You can't reason with those people.
How many derogatory names will we be called by the tolerant left :(
Trump's ideology is White Supremacy. His ideology is sick, perverted and inhumane. Trump preaches intolerance and hate. He is harming the US with every disgusting racist thing he says and does... not to mention soliciting and accepting bribes via Trump Properties.
He is right, engaging with the average Trump supporter is pointless, it really is like trying to reason with rocks. They hear the facts and just plug their ears and do their whole MAGA chants and tune reality out entirely. Low info voters at their finest. Intellectual coma
U and @gop pledged to oppose everything President Obama put forward. He, unlike @realDonaldTrump, won the popular vote twice. U and your party ignored the will of the people for 8 years under obama and also during trumps short tenure. What’s the difference Marco?
What exactly is it that Trump supporters support about Trump?
He tweets the column, which clearly negates his point. Rubio practices self-owning so doggedly one wonders if it’s a fetish.
Columnist responds to me with denial he said Trump supporters shouldn’t be heard. But then admits he won’t engage with them b/c it’s “like reasoning with rocks.” How does blanket contempt of 63 million fellow Americans heal divisions you claim to lament? …
When you deny climate science and evolution and believe FOX News, you don't deserve intellectual respect.

Your party relies on ignorance. 

You aren't "entitled" to respect. Earn it.

It's more evidence that the true bigots are on the left, not on the right. The definition of bigotry being: intolerance toward differing opinions. We on the right are open to debating different opinions; the left is not.
That’s BS. Both sides are convinced they arw right.
Only one side consistently wants to shut down debate and the sharing of differing opinions. And it's not the conservative side. Just look at your typical college campus and editorial pages of most major newspapers.
The problem is that many Trump supporters on social media do not debate they regurgitate Fox talking points.
True of both sides #2018
Agree Chris. Just trying to encourage the Senator to move back to his roots!
Dealing with Hypocrites is futile.   You voted YES to the GOP TAX SCAM.
It's always been a wonder to me as to what party you belong? I suppose there should be a RINO party because so many of you are already there. If you're not up for challenging the progressive left please step aside. #TaxCutsandJobsAct has helped many.
Because it is like reasoning with rocks.  “He won, get over it”!  Sound familiar?
Have to ask, tell me you really did't see that corporations would not put the $ from the tax breaks into their workers pockets? Really?  Really??  Where have you been since the 80s?
Little Marco, I guess you didn’t read the article he rote in response!
He basically says that you change colors like a Chamaeleon. You must be running scared of the next election.
It’s quite easy. You follow Trump & the GOP’s example of how the ignore the party that won the popular vote in the election. I have no pity for you. You sold your soul. Reap what you’ve sowed.
Do you still think Trump a "con man"?
He really nailed that one.  there are no such thing as a conversation with one of you. You folks really are loosing your so called Culture War.
Sorry, you were talking about the ones who voted for Trump. I apologise for that misunderstanding on my part. But the fact remains that many of those 63,000,000 refuse to engage in healthy dialogue with the 66,000,000 that voted for Hillary. What makes you all special?
1st- there's about 33,000,000 Republicans in the US. Many of those also sow contempt by saying that the 40,000,000 Democrats are mentally ill, just for being Democrat. Your own leader does nothing to bring the groups together. What are you doing to heal the divisions?
You should read his column, Senator. The answer to healing divisions is showing the door to unprincipled "public servants" who were once forthright about Trump's unfitness for office, and now kiss his ring.
How do back a President who lies about EVERYTHING. Promised: Mexico pay for the wall. Better health care at lower prices, Lower Prescription costs. Middle class tax cut. If you make million $ U get like $80k I get $60mo U screwing with AHCA costs $146 more/mo I  lose $86/mo. 
Great read! Thanks for sharing.
You tellem marco, your daily twitter msg from Jesus count for something.
How about we educate people enough that they can learn to embrace reason and science instead of con artists?
You promote these divisions with your support of @realDonaldTrump instead of standing for what you know to be right.
It’s not contempt. It’s reasoning based on the experience of the past couple of years. 

Trump supporters only believe dear leader. Things that were tantamount to treason with Pres. Obama are now ceremonially dismissed. Any news critical of dear leader is “fake news.”

Rocks.
Yes.  You’re the victim!   There’s nothing for it but to immediately go to one of your homes in one of your SUVs to drink one of your bottles of wine, and ponder your complete innocence at length.  You are honest and pure, don’t they see that?  :’(
Because that’s what reasoning with people who shrieked like Beatle fans when your candidate touted racism as it’s platform. You are so close to getting it.
Marco isn't that hypocrite you complain about an article but you never complain about Trump every day derogatory, divisive, lies comments he tweets. You are complicit with the man that call you little Marco and for ones I will agree with him. You have no cojones.
U luv trump ?
He stands to Pee!
You are a HYPOCRIT you do not represent the Poor, The Middle Class, Vets or the Elderly all you Republicans care about doing is cut cut cut...Raise our Taxes, Take away Food Stamps from the Elderly, Poor and then Idiot Carson wants to raise HUDS Rental Prices
Maybe some self reflection would be appropriate for you....
Senator you have not engaged your constituents...still no town hall. I know you have met with donors (Mulvaney made very clear that they get the ‘ear’). I know you did CNN townhall with Parkland kids;appreciate that but it was nationally televised
ah? what did you just say? you are losing it.
Your columnist friend DOES have a point...
Today you voted to approve a fundamentalist anti-LGBT bigot to a lifetime judicial appointment.

Thanks for clarifying that you believe LGBTQ Americans should be discriminated against.
