News flash.  Don't go to 6th world countries
That’s a disgrace we should do whatever is necessary to obtain his release
True story:  Little Marco is tRUMP's puppet. #VoteThemOut #BlueWave
But you and Trump love the Turkish dictator and his form of authoitarism. Watcha gonna do?
It’s actually because he’s Christian and Erdogan is an Islamist dictator who had made life impossible for all non Muslims, especially since the “coup.”
When in Turkey
Press:
Sen. Rubio:

Worse charges had been brought upon citizens of your country on exceptionally ridiculous reasons, like wearing a headscarf, or sporting a beard and walking by a mosque. Not only true, but also pathetic.
This is simply not true. Done with you
Is it also a true story that Trump is a spy?
Say it ain’t so ... Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) announced Tuesday that he's hired Michael Needham, the CEO of prominent conservative think tank Heritage Action for America, as his new chief of staff. I really thought you were respectable.
True story: your president wants to check traveler's social media accounts.
Hilarious if not so sad.
So silly, but when you live or go to other countries, follow THEIR RULES
$1.05.  Fake news
That’s the world YOU are allowing in the U.S. by not stopping the censorship and keeping the left in check.
North Korea refused IAEA inspection although IAEA member visited Korea. North Korea did not allow inspection of IAEA although IAEA needs to search so many places in Noko.furthermore no action for NPT!! Japan Should have NUCLEAR because Trump allows Noko to unify Soko as Communism
And what is the USA doing to help free this pastor from the world's most barbaric country?
Koch brothers will run and Ken FL. for their profit.
WHAT

Sen @marcorubio just hired Michael Needham, CEO of Koch brothers-funded Heritage Action, as his new **chief of staff**.…
Its time to take another look at Turkey. Edgueron is moving Turkey from a democratic society to a Islamic Republic. He's partners w/Iran, Russia and no longer looks to the west. We should support the Kurds who would be an excellent allie in difficult times.
You're so ridiculous to believe that. 
Your friend Erdogan is using that pastor as a bargaining chip against Trump.
True story: ICE is separating children from their families.
Erdogan is a dictator.
A ‘terrorist delicacy’??? Which prob. means it’s a std Kurdish meal.
It sounds like a terrorist thing to Erdogan as he does not eat  meat .
What?
This needs to happen! Stand for justice or stand for nothing! America deserves the truth! #TakeBackAuthority
.@replouiegohmert: "I have no problem with impeaching Rosenstein. He is a problem. He needs to step down." 
$1.05
Rally on April 14th 2018. around 2pm "stop negotiation with murderers(Kim jong-un)",Don't be decieved by Kim jong-un.
That’s soon to happen here whenPutin and Trump take over.
True story: Rubio just went full Kochsucker! Everyone knows you never go full Kochsucker.
How about the pictures of the dead people from #Parkland that your guilty of from assault rifles that you didn’t ban??
True story: a man was shot to death in his own back yard for holding a cell phone. But he’s not white or Christian so...
distractions from what is going on here in America. Pls focus senator
Why is it terrible when this happens in other countries but people here are killed by police for the crime of holding a cell phone? #NRABloodMoney #Hypocrite
Well we are splitting families up here. #sorry
Senator Rubio. Yesterday the Farc Narco-terrorist Santrich sent this letter to the Attorney General of Colombia basically mocking the process and expressing the he will NEVER be extradited!! Your help and all of the DEA's help to put the outmost pressure on the Govt of Colombia!
,
GRACIAS SENADOR Y PRESIDENTE @realDonaldTrump POR SU APOYO Y PREOCUPACION POR NUESTRO PAIS VENEZUELA. ESPERAMOS LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA SALIR DE ESTA PESADILLA
You and your cash cow, the NRA are terrorists by allowing machine guns on the streets. Btw ~ Please explain why the National Rifle Association is tax exempt. Also why is Russia allowed to flow billions of dollars through the NRA TO FILL THE POCKETS OF REPUBLICANS? HMMM?
And yet our govt is close allies w both #Erdogoat & the genocidal butchers of KSA, & yet want us to believe they're balkanizing Syria for "humanitarian" reasons.
PS- your CW narrative is falling apart.https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/syria-chemical-attack-gas-douma-robert-fisk-ghouta-damascus-a8307726.html …  Now what will be excuse for supporting AQ in Syria?
True story? That means
Everything else u said 
Is a lie, 
simple phycology
Free pastor brunson
Can you and Donald put that on your phone's and go visit the guy?  Show him your phone's in solidarity with him

Please go now!
Good
True story: American president continues to undermine our freedom of the press with his constant insults to those hard working American reporters!
Talk to Trump he thinks their leader is a great guy.
We are Human being Brain and minds Thinking about
Right or wrong please calm down  (WW3 )God Bless you 
It is Calm down we go to Them it's dangerous.
True story: American president calls for "Jail" of American citizens without due process!
"Jurisprudence" that all Leftists envy.
This should be an easy fix!
@RT_Erdogan is not unjust. Im sure there is something more to this story. So tell us what happened to the criminals that murdered the Turkish citizens in Palestine for supplying aid to the Palestinian people?  Seems a bit strange to not address these hostile people.
Sure he is unjust. You don't know the story of the ship going to Palestine. Because of the stupid ego of erdogan transporting aid to Palestine became harder. Prior to his stupidity Palestine was well receiving food. Also make a research about the customers of erdogan if you like.
Since Erdogan is Trumps buddy, why hasn’t this been handled all ready? Why haven’t you taken up this cause? Why are you tweeting this instead of solving this? Signed, a Florida Resident
True story: Memphis Pastor Admits ‘Sexual Incident’ With High School Student 20 Years Ago
Turkey is a NATO ally. You should get on a plane and go get the pastor. Take Pompeo with you. Easy-peasy!
What about our Pastors at home that are getting threatened every day trying to defend their honor and believes? https://www.facebook.com/RiseUpAndResist/posts/1809707442405806 …
I don't understand why we now allow other countries to hold, imprison, torture and kill Americans. 

We shouldn't allow that.
Hey... Turkey treats visitors just like America does. Who knew?
True Story:.............AMERICANS Arrested while just sitting in a STARBUCKS.......Peacefully.............But BLACK
$1.05
serious boycotts on Turkey and they will release him!  Hit them in their pocket book
True Story: American children held hostage in their classrooms because lapdogs like Rubio accept #NRABloodMoney so that civilians can possess a common assault weapon which is described as a military rifle in civilized society. 
#EnoughIsEnough #BanAssaultWeapons #NeverAgain #FBR
True story - Drumpf congratulated Erdogan on his seizure of power. Drumpf approves. Another true story - Mike Flynn plotted to kidnap a legal immigrant and deliver him to Erdogan to be executed. You think US support might play a part in your True story?
I look at the behaviour of British tourists and what I am led to believe a large percentage of the population looks at on the internet which is porn, and this http://www.bernardmatthews.com  & the techniques used r better than alcohol, media and rape and pillage - travel restrictions ?
True story: Marco Rubio has banked $3.3 million in #NRABloodMoney  from an American TERROR organization. Florida, fire this fraud! #NRAIsATerroristOrganization

True story
Can’t the US help him?
Go to hell marco
True story:  Republicans like lil' Marco support fleecing of America by their own party.
That makes no sense. We have so much dishes with rice & meat. They may say that but him being a Christian Pastor might be the real reason
Congressional leaders are responsible to protect Americans from all enemies, foreign and domestic. @GOP has failed with their complicity.
So you're a news anchor now...?
SAME SHIT ALL OVER THE WORLD AMERICA DO THE SAME SHIT TO BLACK MUSLIMS LATINOS WAT
Isn't there a bible quote for that?

Americans imprisoned by Erdoğan? But how could that be? He's so admired by our president, who is so admired by you. True story.

Senator, you should check up on what the MADURO´S NARCOTYRANNY does to the Venezuelan People. This is GENOCIDE, the VENEZUELAN HOLODOMOR in the XXI Century before the very eyes of the world. Unacceptable
I hope the @NRA at least uses lube on you dude.
Insanity. Bring the Pastor home.
@realDonaldTrump
@nikkihaley @VP @statedeptspox 
@LindseyGrahamSC
What’s your point?
MY NO PROBLEM  HILER PROBLEM. ........
wow.  I really enjoy your tweets. Keep them coming!
Rubio - "True story: American pastor held in #Turkey"

Translation - True story: America dropped indictments against Erdogan's security who assaulted Americans exercising their 1A rights
Lolll....
What is common in America can't be the same in Turkey, brother Rubio.
We shall uphold him in prayers still.
true story, get off twitter and go do your job, we are not paying you for this
Is there anything you can do to save him?
Thoughts and prayers. 

lol


true story: you're getting voted out. all of you @GOP
NRA Shill.
Praying 

