I never thought I’d say this...but Thank you Marco Rubio, for speaking truth about the #GOPTaxScam.
We knew the greedy just wanted to be richer, fine w adding more than a tril to deficit. Please keep talking about it..u might even get some respect from decent, intelligent folks.
You mean the truth about the bill he voted for anyway? Sorry, but I don't think voting for something harmful anyway and then whining as if it makes a difference is something worthy of praise.
Yes, the truth about the bill he voted for. I am praising him for speaking the truth about it. EVERY member of the GOP is disgusting for the #GOPtaxscam and for many other things. They have truly lost their souls and have zero regard for people or the planet.
Hey @marcorubio, please tell me this is not true! Marco says the tax bill has not helped the middle class? Shows how out of touch you are!!!!!!!!
Hey, Marco! The new Tax Plan helps my husband & I ,and plenty of other people we know. Not just w/ reduction in taxes, but with pay raises & bonuses. Where have you been?
Marco is positioning himself as a Trump replacement in 2020. He’s got biblical quotes for the born-agains and China talk for the serious national security establishment (if there’s any left).
that won’t happen. Shouldn’t waste all that money   Oh wait.  It’s NRA money
Whatever you say, jealous #sissyboots
Jesus and Satan are PRETEND. God is PRETEND.
F 16？
Well done sen Rubio.  Tax cuts don't help us.   We count on u for 2020
You need the guy that voted for the tax cuts?

《路德采访美国汉学林蔚教授片段》惊悚版附英文字母：中共的国家恐怖主义阴霾不仅笼罩中国，也笼罩世界，遮蔽人心，不论你走到哪里，流亡何地，隐居何方。一束幽光追踪着你，象地上的根触，只要你屈服，它们就会…
Civilization is too long, easy to ignore the existence of evil. Let us immediately awaken the American people, unite all the civilizations in the world and destroy the CCP's evil political group!

Reagan what forces destroyed the huge Soviet empire? 

Never believe the CCP!
【caveat】

The Chinese Communist Party is by far the most cunning, the most treacherous and the most evil political group on earth.

Never believe them！

Picture in the text: 
Our party's idea of ruling the country relies only on one character, and deceives！
Crazy, selling our top air craft to china, so they can design it and produce more.. Crazy, 21 trillion in national debt. 4 trillion at 91101. The beast has feasted on the whore of babylon, do you know what scipture that us?
"I spent a tremendous amount of time focused on the opportunities I had as the son of a bartender and a maid in the past century," Rubio said. "I didn't spend nearly enough time talking about what the bartender and the maid face today."
there's no evidence whatsoever that the money's been massively poured back into the American worker." Rubio's argument is nearly identical to that of Ds Instead of giving the savings to workers, corporations will reward shareholders through share buybacks & increased dividends.
Hello, senator!Please be aware that the Chinese Communist party is playing tricks on the ZTE and Huawei incident to prevent any new name companies from buying chips and other products in the United States.
Strongly support Rubio Mr.! 

Rubio Mr. is full of sense of Justice of politicians！

what is the United States of maximum security?
 Answer is: 
destroy everything tyranny, let freedom Democratic Sunshine illuminate the Earth each of the dark corner！
Marco , no Bible verses suitable to cover treasonous behavior like yours ???
How bout we don’t sell death and destruction to anyone? Oh wait, I forgot.
I heard ur comments about how there is no proof that tax cuts for the wealthy will help workers. Shouldn’t u have figured that out before u voted for it u spineless NRA backed incompetent doormat? You have zero chance of being re elected. Find a new career as an American worker.
Why aren’t we sanctioning China? We are talking about America security here. Why aren’t these spies arrested & charged with Treason & Espionage?.@POTUS gets attacked by Dem every single day. Yet he’s turned lemons into lemonade every single time. He’s always wrong till he right
$1.05. Marco Rubio:  There is “no evidence whatsoever” that Trump’s tax cuts helped the average America.

This is coming from a man who ignored liberals who told him exactly this before he voted, yet he still voted in favor of this stupid tax cut on the wealthy!

Dear Marco Rubio:

You seem more confused than Nancy Pelosi on the benefits Trump's tax cuts are providing to American workers. More winning, in spite of your hot air.

NEWSFLASH: When people call you McCain Junior--it's not a compliment.

Pound sand RINO,
~ The People
Scott 2020 make Florida keep Florida red and great again
The sad part is with as a diverse supply chain is the F-35 is because of political imperatives not National Security ones that ship has more than likely already sailed to the tune of at least 80% of the technology
"There is still a lot of thinking on the right that if big corporations are happy, they're going to take the money they're saving and reinvest it in American workers," Rubio said. "In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses...
You should move China and stay there you douche
Your hands. Worthless words.
Marco Rubio told us the truth.
Uh the tax cuts have helped me. You don’t speak for me.
Taiwan will be severely punished for that and you know it.
China probably already has a complete schematics for the f-35b. They're just waiting for us to work out a few more of the kinks
Sure Rubio give then more technology. All they have to do is shoot it down.
PS  @marcorubio Absolutely 100 percent the tax cut will give me 1800 a year.  That is helping A LOT   .... Maybe not the rich like you....think about us poor ones down here Marco!!
Forget China. Tell us how you were surprised by the tax cuts doing f*ck-all for us.
Fuck China. We told you how the obscene tax cuts were gonna go, you dumb motherfucker.
Did you really say there is no evidence that the tax reform bill hasn’t helped anyone? if so... #draintheswamp
Yeah, keep doing the same stupid thing.
Thousands of your constituents plus experts told you this would happen yet you voted in favor of the #GOPTaxScam anyway...  
https://twitter.com/businessinsider/status/991011006620028929?s=20 …
#BlueWaveIsComing
MARCO RUBIO: There's 'no evidence whatsoever' that Trump's tax bill has helped American workers https://read.bi/2jjeviB  

What does it say about a President whose Chief of Staff, former Secretary of State and Former National Security Advisor have all called him an idiot? If the shoe fits?
There's no evidence at all that Marco Rubio is a republican. There's also no evidence at all that Marco Rubio ever did anything positive for Americans. The guy is a fraud.
"Rubio is pretty amazing. On one side, he appears to be relatively perceptive, or at least able to see what's right in front of him, rare in today's GOP. On the other side, he's completely spineless, always voting for what he knows are bad policies" @paulkrugman
How bout you shut up about China and focus on things at home. Stuff like ways to prevent gun violence is something to work on. After all, isn’t that what Republicans want? More focus here at home. You are a living hypocrite!
Good stuff.
Thanks for everything you did for Uyghurs,  you are the hero of millions of Uyghurs lived under the Darkness . I hope you'll keep this voice forever . Thank you ..... may God bless you  .
Yep by all means start another War!
Child shot while sleeping.  Unfortunately the child was unarmed, you know, because he was sleeping and all, and was thus unable to use the "good guy with a gun" defense against gun violence. Enjoy the $3.5 million you got from NRA, asshole.  #NRABloodMoney
on #GOPTaxScam: “there’s no evidence whatsoever that the money’s been massively poured back into the American worker.”
So America is nothing but a world arms dealer.  Sad.
举报：孝感捷能照明公司、湖北惠维股份公司企业法人代表李能盗窃国家资产五亿，虚开增值税发票5000多万。孝感公安局包庇李能犯罪，被举报多年，公安拒不立案，并打击报复举报人。孝感公安已不属于习主席党中央管辖。是李能豢养的私家警，为李能抢窃他人财产和国家资产服务的军警。制造冤案者，死光光！
Mr. Rubtio, agree with you completely. US should not see TW the latest F-35 planes because whether you like it or not, whether you agree it or not, TW government is infiltrated by the commie spies.
Taiwan is Chinese, why would we sell China weapons? Are they our ally now?

The Republicans are changing America so quickly I just don't understand what is going on anymore.
Does the WJS have an opinion piece on what a total failure you have been as a FL Senator? You can write about China all you want & tweet your Bible verses but back here in FL we worry about guns & healthcare & climate change.
Thank you! This Senator needs to be out in his butt, out of a job, as he is doing nothing by wasting taxpayer money by doing nothing good for the US!
Well done, Senator! Let’s work together to protect and prosper democracy.

Want to understand the modern Republican Party: twice this week at a Trump event the crowd booed the very mention of Hispanics. Like literally heckled an entire ethnic affiliation.
举报：湖北孝感公安局违法插手民企股东纠纷，公权私用强抢股份，操纵孝南区法院判冤案，做虚假司法鉴定干扰法院判案
1、孝感公安承包公、检、法，一条龙为盗国贼李能服务、站台、当打手，包庇黑老大李能犯罪，掩盖其犯罪证据，拒不立案调查。 2、全球抓捕科研股东黄东宁，掠夺他的股权，酷刑迫害，制造

Why anger China with Taiwan..Nobody really cares about taiwan... You want to reverse World History...
The Chinese god is a god of lies and never believes in the gods of East Asia, Central Asia, and Arab Islam.
The gods of the Chinese, North Koreans, and Koreans are all lying gods.Americans never trust them.Therefore, even if they are fully committed (without contractual beliefs), do not believe them.
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Once again, rubionignores America, and instead worries about other countries.
You preach in the Lord's name every day and ignore the sufferings of the people in Puerto Rico. You continue to turn your back and support the NRA's "buying into your agenda" while innocents are being killed with weapons that do not belong in the general public. Hypocrite!
Taiwan is an INDEPENDENT COUNTRY ! Not belongs to the China ! 

China ≠ China Communist Party
China ≠ Xi JinPing Xitler   
CCP get out from CHINA ! ! !
The CCP must remain vigilant at all times, and it must not be relaxed for a moment. The CCP’s words cannot be convinced. They will camouflage!
Could care less about your thoughts regarding selling weapons.  What are you doing about Puerto RIco?
"Some 40,000 people still lack regular electricity seven months after Hurricane Maria, according to the AP."

why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
You talk out loud f both sides of your mouth. Not to be trusted.
The Communist Party wants to use Taiwan as the front line against the United States, Japan and the democratic world
This army is a Communist spy, and they are not loyal to democracy, people. They are loyal to the renminbi

The most urgent thing is to open the door of internet to China to let Chinese know the Truth and rise up to overturn the China CPC Autocratic Regime.
Taiwan is the key point to solve the problems of mainland of China for its democracy is the Best Sample to  Chinese and biggest threat to China CPC autocracy!
When he was Taiwan's president, it was the most rampant period of communist espionage. His family emigrated to the United States and begged the United States to act cautiously
Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
How bout not selling them any of our weapons?
Missile defence is an illusion and non-sense. It does generate jobs and huge profits for military-industrial complex. It also flatters the ego of scientists who love seeing their equations in action, humanity go to dustbin. See what science says on it:
That’s a Blackhawk, Li’l Marco. But you never served, you just skimmed tax-free real-estate.
Your foreign policy sounds like your gun policy: written by the people who sell killing implements in order to sell more killing implements. How much money have you taken from defense contractors???
Taiwan is full of Chinese spies, we need the U.S. military, the CIA. A democratic Taiwan will be an ally of the United States, Japan and the democratic world
When the GOP decides to stop lying I might listen. But as usual your trying to be the next presidential candidate.
We need a real soldier
They are not loyal to the people and they are loyal to the renminbi
marco and his china.  bought a bad iphone or something?
Mr. Rubio you are and intelligence person
Don't you see what is happening litle by 
Litle every day?white house chaplain
Replace with joel osteen,this is getting 
Like 1938 HITLER, dont tell me it can not
Happen here,yes it can ,look in to Russia 
China,Venezuela, cuba etc
#PayToPray lets reward guy who had to be shamed to open doors to flood victims @SpeakerRyan how much to make US democracy into an Oligarchy dictatorship you allow to grow every single day! Make church’s pay taxes if they can form SuperPacs #PayToPray
I don't trust your word on anything , as long as you are the Soros payroll!! I can't believe I once considered voting for you! you are evil just like him!
They will fight democracy, Taiwan and the United States
Stand with the NRA!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2018/national/mass-shootings-in-america/?utm_term=.680841b9e77d …
ESO ES LO QUE NECESITAMOS AQUI EN VENEZUELA PARA TERMINAR CON ESTA DICTADURA DE MADURO QUE NOS ESTA MATANDO POCO A POCO .UNOS F16 QUE TERMINE CON TODOS LOS DE ESTE GOBIERNO....ANTES DE QUE ELLOS TERMINEN CON NOSOTROS. AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA @realDonaldTrump
Please offer solutions to GOP extremism.
FYS
Stationed at WST, Airmen had those secrets. The only way to keep technical secrets is to never build them.
Correctitittitititisisissississimo Senator!!! @RedDigitalUSA
#shutUpRubio #FLORIDAneedsBETTERthanlittlemarco
Were you in a COMA when this American Traitor handed off "Highly Classified Documents" to two Russians in the White House???..............Not aware that the Russian on the right was INDICTED for Collusion??
Marco, I enjoy your Psalms that you feel the need to tweet out to us all, I guess, because you think they make you look like a great guy, so I suggest you read and then tweet this particular psalm for the next time. 31:18. Have a blessed day Marco.

Chinese spies stealing secrets is good, Senator Rubio. Please reconsider.
When he was Taiwan's president, it was the most rampant period of communist espionage. His family emigrated to the United States and begged the United States to act cautiously
Rubio tries so hard to distract from his own corruption. Always remember the Marco massacre.
Glad to see “thinking solutions out loud”
Taiwan and Japan, is the relationship between the one country two systems!
Please The United States and China, not fuzzy relations between Taiwan and Tokyo.
议员卢比奥先生 is a good comrade, working diligently to serve the people and benefiting the people as their duty. The seven standing members of China’s Standing Committee vowed to provide benefits for the people and sacrifice their lives for communism. Everything is a lie, decept
Can we sell you?  Can we pay them to take you?

or, maybe, we shouldnt bemeddling in asian geopolitics, lest we forget the lesson of north korea?
YOU WANNA KNOW HOW TO DETER CHINA ....TELL THEM TO STOP .....BOOTLEGGING ....OUR MUSIC AND FILMS ......
$1.05.
