Yes. Just misplace blame #NRABloodMoney
What does racial disparities have to do w school threats? I taught 4 30 years + had a rainbow of kids.Loved + still love them all.There were angels + angels w dirty faces in my years of teaching +neither was based on race .You need 2 no what u r taking abt
We're way ahead of you Marco.We don't need your article or counsel on this.We've read many already.Where ru on drafting laws 2 protect kids from AR15 + gun violence?
So what’s your simplistic solution? More guns, right?? More #NRA money in your pocket to further relax gun laws? Arm teachers like the one who left his in a public restroom? Blame students for not being nicer to these kids? Why dont you step up instead of pointing fingers!?
When you point one  finger, you have four pointing back at you
Florida sucks.  And you’re not helping.
you crazy, florida is pretty amazing
It sucks
Then move. It’s a free country. Leave the country for that matter if you think there’s a better one. Good luck!
Why don’t you get counseling.
SEN.  RUBIO
WHY NO NEWS
ON THE PARKLAND SHOOTING ??
WHO'S RESPONSIBLE.. 
SCHOOL DISTRICT,  SHERIFF DEPT, F. 
B.I.  OR MAYBE.... 
THE N. R. A.   ???
From the idiot!
Interestingly. There used to be reform schools. And the kids who were violent were sent there.  If these children become increasingly violent this may have to return. Mainstreaming our kids with the disabled is fine mainstreaming with the violent is sending them into hell
MINNIE ME ANOTHER MORON RETIRE JACKA--
How about holding the Broward Co Sheriff's office and Sheriff Scott Broward accountable. How about the Broward Co school board? How about the failings of the FBI?
You can hold all those people accountable and you can hold Marco Rubio accountable too. After all, these students are only worth $1.05 to him.
You know Marco, you have to ask yourself: “what role did I play in this?” Because you took part. What have you done to get the AR-15 off the streets? Nothing! Because you are owned by the NRA! If I was one of those parents, I’d be suing you.  $1.05
Read the article and the info on the source.Just quoting conservative info on issues does not give a complete picture.Intelligent people understand that.
You just want them shot to death because guns are easily accessible. #Hypocrite #NRABloodMoney
You and your NRA money...
How's that NRA blood money doing?
Some of that money came from my membership.  Not bloody - it's shiny and gold - like freedom.

You’re the guilty party! @cnnbrk @amjoyshow @AC360 @davidhogg111
Just give them all some of those small basebal bats and a bucket of rocks. That works Marco
you are a scum-bag
For one thing, we would have less School Shooting if it were not for Deep State Operatives planning these shootings in order to take our guns.   Get to work in Congress and get the stuff passed that our POTUS needs to MAGA!  You are my senator and I can vote you out.
Those who voted you in office want universal background checks. Why don’t you listen to your constituents instead of pandering to the NRA?  Also - The Biblical quotes aren’t helping.  They’re only proving your hypocrisy.
What is your source for this article?
Marco the truth is you're not for http://anything.You  r an NRA prostitute + continue 2 do their will.Your gaslighting on topics is obvious and thus your credibility is 0.
It’s sad how few people took the time to read this article, as evidenced by their lack of intelligent responses. The Promise Program is a real program and a real failure. It appears many fail to place blame for a horrific shooting where blame is due; the deviant and evil shooter.
My son in law quit teaching. Kids undisciplined. Teachers fascist. Not environment for God fearing young man. Now he makes real money with his talent, math.

Accountability for actions needs to start day one. Children need to learn to make good choices or face the consequences. Bring back the paddle!
Sen. Rubio, stand firm against the gun confiscation/ban crowd and be proud of your NRA backers.
I'm the NRA and I vote!
I vote too. And I’m tired of children being slaughtered by an AR-15. Anyone who takes blood money from the NRA is not getting my vote.  #neveragain
There are fewer  of your type anyway.
Hiding criminal past of people to meet a political narrative and then hiding the fact you the politician are responsible for the criminals ability to legally purchase a fire arm which was used to slaughter innocent children is what should make our citizens stay awake at night
Amen
You mean like repeated violence involving military styled assault weapons aimed at our children? You mean repeated violence in which innocents are being slaughtered because gun profits are more valued than human life? That kind of repeated violence Rubio? Oh...No.
#EnoughIsEnough
The slaughter has nothing to do with gun profits. It has to do with evil. The gun profits are because of people arming up to protect themselves. No assault weapons have been used here for mass shootings.
Little Marco the Fake Christian Fake Human Being. Little Marco the 3 million dollar man, who would rather help Venezuela than his own constituents. Little Marco a failure to the people of Florida.
Neither is allowing people with history of issues access to automatic weapons but you never say those words. Or those offensive words  “back ground check and education “
You're doing great,keep working hard.
Your sources are coming from a website called Real Clear Investigations? 
So-called "restorative justice" programs don't work.  They let the offenders continue to offend and their violence escalates.  Students that break the law need to be referred to law enforcement.  That's their job.
Classic example of “The road to hell is paved with good intentions”
You have zero credibility #NRAWhore #BloodOnYourHands
#NRAWhore #BloodOnYourHands
"racial disparities in school discipline" might be warranted if there are racial disparities in school behavior.  Perhaps discipline could be aligned with behavior, without bias for racial factors?

Brava to Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah on winning the Pulitzer Prize for her epic work: “A Most American Terrorist: The Making Of Dylann Roof.” This woman has a mighty mind and a vital voice. Applauding wildly for her today! …
People need to read this. We must teach our children that behavior has consequence. They must be held accountable for this abominable failure of a program.
Accountability & consequences begin at home. Parents don’t really KNOW their children because their children are put in daycare and raised in war zones their entire lives. Teachers not allowed to discipline, parents defend bad behavior. It is a twisted culture.
Threatening others with guns, knives and other items that could injure or kill is no small matter.  They should be arrested.
You gotta read some of your @ . They are priceless. I wonder how the history of your social media will be captured
Yes, that's definitely what the history books will be interested in: a bunch of people uselessly tweeting the same three things at a senator. Surely, you have made your mark on society.
If they are violent, they need to be separated from good kids.
Misconduct is one thing, but crimes are a separate issue and they need to learn about societal boundaries and consequences for ignoring them!
How much longer do the Broward County residents, #browardsheriff Rank & File have to endure the total incompetence of Scott Israel? Is it gonna take yet another tragedy for his total failure? #firesheriffisrael #resignsheriffisrael @ScottJIsrael
What about the gun violence?

Oh and Senator Rubio, your response here is cowardly. You don’t take a stand on either side.  The PROMISE program fails all students. It keeps violent kids in the classroom. It makes no one accountable for their actions. It ties the hands of teachers and school resource officers
Break it down, share the results with outsiders, and lets see if we agree....
Did anybody actually take the time to read the article?  This piece has nothing to do with the NRA.  It details the dangerous PROMISE program used in all of Broward County schools.  Do any of you commentators have kids in these schools?  This program fails everyone.

Eye opening & must read! We have heard that Broward Shooter was a huge risk & this only adds to those facts & simple truth that he should have never gotten a weapon in the first place, here are some facts supporting why! Wake up people, what happened to your common sense!
Have to add something to this discussion, specifically our desire to make items illegal like marijuana, opioids & in past alcohol. Concerned that if a great desire exists our worse citizens will pick up the process and become wealthy from it! Problem is that makes them powerful!
Wish I had an answer, don’t, but by creating market for our worse (criminals) they bypass society & create a power base that adds to our problems! These are opposites but similar in nature since we must deal with them and how it affects our society! Up to politicians to resolve!
You are getting so close talking about prison reform...
https://twitter.com/PollsNotTrolls/status/986204234210250753 …
Let's keep this poll going! 
How's Marco Rubio doing so far in 2018? Give him a grade! Vote, RT, discuss, stay respectful!
You have to hold people accountable for their actions. There hs to be a consequence suitable to get the point across the behavior will not be tolerated. Otherwise the action will be repeated.
You are never going to satisfy the anti gun people, there just socialists wanting to believe removing guns will stop the killing, let's look at the stabbings in London, no guns so we us knifes, you liberals just want control, back off and get a clue!!
Congress should not want documents indiscriminately seized by the FBI or people placed in prison by a wide net investigation with no oversight. Are you doing anything to make it illegal for special councils to act outside the law.? Even the gestapo obtained court orders.
Grow a set
How about supporting #EqualJusticeForAll not trying to skew numbers to reach a goal. IF Parkland had not participated in Obama program trying to decriminalize students criminal behavior for Fed Dollars, the shooter would have had a criminal record & unable to purchase weapon
Senator what is your definition of misconduct? I can tell you Teachers are tired of the students and their unnecessary misconduct which do not allow teachers to have a positive teaching environment. The lack of respect these students show our Teachers must be addressed!!
100% correct
You are such a phony! One day your constituents will realize that. You have taken advantage of the Cuban exile community vote for years. “Tick Tock, Tick Tock!”
I don't recognize that site.  Therefore, I'm assuming it is fake news you are trying to spin to support the NRA.

I'm not touching this with a barge pole.
That article accurately describes the PROMISE program in Broward County.  Educate yourself, it has nothing to do with the NRA
What about high school students unnecessarily blown away by assault weapons? You seem to have no problem continuing to support the gun lobby.
If the Parkland shooter had been reported to the police and charged when he made threats and had violent incidents, he would have been barred from purchasing an assault weapon or a gun of any kind. That's the point.
Ok... Marco... where’s the money to help these kids, families and schools BEFORE they become criminals.
FELIZ DIA SENADOR. GRACIAS POR SU PREOCUPACION POR NUESTRO PAIS VENEZUELA. RECUERDE QUE NECESITAMOS AYUDA URGENTE POR FAVOR PARA SALIR DE ESTA DICTADURA @realDonaldTrump
Sounds like in 2013 Broward County adopted Obama’s “Red Line in the Sand” councelling-over-incarceration program.
This is not the only school system that UNDER reports misconduct in schools. School Administration is discouraged from reporting for fear of “looking bad” on state reports. That is a fact!
This is the outcome of liberal policies,lawlessness.
$1.05 each. That is how much you care about our kids. Continue posting psalms, looks like is what your NRA bosses instructed you to post as part of their official "thoughts and prayers" response program. #VoteThemOut #NeverAgain
This is no surprise - Rudy Giuliani showed the reverse of this with his broken windows and stop and frisk in NYC.  In addition these results fit perfectly with the safety triangle - as you increase unsafe behavior you increase serious injury - see attached
BS!!!
@BetsyDeVosED  rolled back Campus Sexual Assualt Protections that benefited women because she wanted to protect the accused.    Now u are against the accused because it benefits gun owners?   Pick a side
OMG

That’s just horrible!! Everyone accused should suffer & have their life ruined bc we know that everyone accused is guilty.If ppl had gone around accusing others of sexual assault just for attention, money or revenge then it would be understandable; but we believe the women
Broward Sheriff Israel has to admit that Obama’s idea is not working. Sadly 17 students were killed while Broward Sheriff’s stayed outside the school. They need to do what the Maryland HS did. An armed guard saved students from a shooter. Broward get rid of Obama’s program
Your comment will set them up for failure, ask yourself, do adults get arrested for disorderly misconduct... Exactly, stop sugar coating life for the young, you will cause more harm in the long run, if you did the crime, then do the time, grow some guevos...
What Marco no bible quote today - YOUR GOD is watching your do nothing lyin ass - “he” will judge u.. or is it “SHE” ? Ok SHE WILL JUDGE YOU!
It’s a dark day out there for children.  Giving juvenile offenders a pass is no longer the answer. Teach accountability; recognize anti-social behaviors; invest more in mandated counseling in schools, oh- and do something about access to guns.  Just saying.

I wish the judge would make him look  at him! They gave him that "poor old" crazy perps haircut. And he is faking his evilness by always looking down. We are sure this is all because his lawyers have told him to do this is the only way to keep him away from the lethal injection!
Sorry you don’t ignore crimes to reduce racial disparities. If a certain race is being punished do to committing a crime more often that’s not due to discrimination that’s due to them committing the crime more than other races.
Right, just invade their privacy, make them feel further victimized and stall every avenue to safety further for a campaign donation. Agree that we shouldn't ignore threats but c'mon...
Mr Rubio, how can you accept blood money from the NRA and then pretend you care about students?
And how can you go around trying to blame everyone else without placing the blame where it belongs, at the feet of the school system and the investigators leasing up to the shooting, please get a clue, do some reading and investigating!!
And the ACLU! They got the mental patients mainstreamed and then violent crime jumped, see the correlation?
Kick the bad kids out... period! It’s not safe for the hard working well behaved kids!
It’s all about funding
#BanAssaultWeapons 
#NRAWHORES
I can’t believe how we are accepting of the so-called job the @browardsheriff did.  The deputies sat out in the parking lot while kids were slaughtered and you have remained silent about this.  Where’s the outrage, Senator?  Why does @ScottJIsrael still have a job??
No one cares about what you want.
and the teacher who left a gun in a bathroom is going to work? seriously Marco?
NRA Shill.
