Pick a lane, man.
Dude "well, actually'ed" himself twice in 24hrs. Makes your head spin
No, it hasn't been good overall, and you have already admitted it!
Yes it has.....
#RussianBot #RussianTroll #PaidForByMercers_KochBros. #Block
I looked at @cwilliams1113wy and thought it was real because of the amount of followers. I have a hard time spotting bots unless it seems obvious. I had blocked it before when he replied to me.
Yeah, ove blocked that one before already.
Just goes to show how naive Cult45 is. They’ll follow anyone who supports Dear Leader.
When you look at his/her tweet feed it's full of retweets of other #sockpuppet troll accounts. One of them has 30.5k followers!
That’s insane!
Your party doesn’t represent American workers or their families interests any more. Just the wealthy and corporations. See you at the ballot box in November.
Yes, that is unfortunate. I should have been more clear, I was talking about the @GOP, not him specifically.
Grocery costs are up, gas is through the roof... The tax cut hasn't helped us one bit. Fixed income retiree, we've been cutting back on food and travel. Gone back to college days of beans and rice and canned tuna for damn near every meal.
I certainly remember long periods of time where it was hovering around $2.15- it's between 2.80 and 2.90 and climbing where I'm at for the last 3-4 months... It's really taken a chunk out of our budget.
I believe the theory is that it won't go over $4 per gallon any time soon because Canadian shale oil will become the cheaper option at that point. My point is that the tax cuts didn't really help us because everything is so expensive and going up. That's all...
It's so hard when gas goes up among other foods that I've noticed - pork and a few other things I buy. It's really been a struggle. I'm sorry - I used to live in Maryland - Frederick sure has grown. I love Ledo's pizza  Take care!
Frederick is the best!! Love it out here. Take care 
Howwwwww are you so bad at politics??? It's embarrassing!
He's actually good at politics. He's just not good at governing or being a good person.
Nice try. You can’t unring that bell. You already told the truth.
Careful up there on the fence Mario. What a joke you are!
Lol that statement makes no sense.  You voted for the rich, not working families.  Please don’t try to back pedal now.  You’ve insulted our intelligence, enough.
If your life depends on Marco Rubio having a spine, you're already dead.
I'm sure the lady who gets $1.50 tax cut will appreciate your regret.
Overall, you have been a disappointing public servant for the citizens of Florida. Your 97% party line votes could have handled by an intern. Try harder.
This message brought to you by the billionaires at Koch industries.
Lol, that's not what you said yesterday,  did you get a call from President Trump ?
So it begs the question: Why did you not make the tax cut bill better or vote against it?
Here is a crazy idea, Senator.

Get a bill right the first time.

Don’t rush it through like this one was.

Do your job.

I know it’s hard for you.

But spare us your excuses.

#GOPTaxScam
No @marcorubio it hasn't helped most  middle class families but it has really helped the wealthy just as planned.
Kind of switched gears a little there Marco... you were accurate the first time.. it’s creating massive debt
Because there were no spending cuts.
There cutting most programs they said.. EPA , state Department.. it just replacing the furniture and security cost have went up..
Good one. 

Stop drinking the kool aid Rubio. And no it's not working.
What the hell! You tweeted just the opposite yesterday. Get your act together Marco or stick with Bible verses. A Florida voter.
We need #GunReformNow
Your cowardice is amazing.. You will NEVER be Pres. so put your aspirations in a box. You have no spine, no voice and no courage.
NO MARCO! IT HASN'T..... YOU.... ARE...... A..... LIAR.
please resign. I'm sure you can get a job with your lord and masters the NRA or the Coch Brothers.

Overall, Marco Rubios pockets are stuffed with million$ in  @NRA bloodmoney.
Oh my God. Tell us all who the NRA killed. Nobody, that’s who. Go complain about Kanye and give us a rest on your NRA talking points.
Just so you know what “blood money” is:
The Clinton Foundation & the terror group Hamas share a key donor: The government of Qatar, a leading backer of terror groups that has emerged in recent years as Hamas’ chief financial lifeline.

Lol. That’s your rebuttal? Not a fan of facts huh?
Pray tell. It's overall good exactly how, if you're not very rich or a corporation? You voted for it not because it's good, but because you were afraid to buck @realDonaldTrump. #Pathetic
Man, you just have no center whatsoever. You are always backtracking.
Always have to wonder what side of the bed lil marco wakes up on to try and get votes.  I'm for the tax cut/I'm against the tax cut; I'm for the poor/screw the poor give all to the rich; healthcare for poor/let them die;  I'm pro gun/  oops he is always pro gun #NRABloodMoney
Marco, get fucked.
Marco either tweets bible verses, or moronic drivel like this. Completely ignore how culpable he is enabling the hosing of the american worker due to trump's taxscam
You could have stood up with a backbone and made sure the amendment was added. But you caved because this administration was in a rush for a “win.” Now where’s your focus on raising the age to 21 and banning high capacity magazines? Oh that’s right, you caved again. NRA puppet.
Great if your Billionaire
It's amazing you are able to stand erect given the complete absence of a spine.
Shut up Marc.  The tax cut was for corps and the 1%, all of which are your donors.  Everyone else got screwed while he tripled our debt.  You can't spin this sh!t now you corrupt punk.  Find a new job.  We are coming for yours.

So the question is who do you serve the people or the Revelations 21:8 president
Glad you got in line finally!  I mean you can’t let everyone know that borrowing money to pay for an unneeded tax cut doesn’t make fiscal sense.  Good job!
No it has not. You think we missed the fact its temporary and corp cuts are permanent.
Legislators missed GREAT opportunity to maximize Tax CUTs. If they had tied corporate tax relief to hiring and providing health care for employees, tax revenues would have increased, more Americans would have been insured and insurance cost might have lowered.
Liar.
Knowing this and you still voted for it!? You’re weak and so replaceable.
If Rs would’ve chosen a decent person for POTUS more people might have felt good about the tax cuts, and more work could have been done to make improvements. Instead we have indictments, impeachments, and subpoenas to worry about. As Rs pretend the emperor has clothes, I am smh.
So, who got you to walk back your statement from the other day?  Your first statement was correct.  The rich will overwhelmingly benefit from the tax cuts, others not so much.
Days after saying the tax scam didn't do anything for the economy or workers, you're lying to cover yourself in lies and trying to scam your supporters into thinking you're helping them.
I could carve a man out of a banana and it would have a stiffer spine than yours.
If only you knew someone in power who could have done something.
Does anyone really buy your bullshit? Or is your entire base anti-abortionists who don’t care about the rest of your policy? #rhetoricalquestions
The Economist concluded you are a disappointment. They could have added that you are a failure who is only interested in chasing power and money to his own ends rather than doing what is right for the people of Florida and the USA.
#Are you #looking #WordPress #Developer? Or #Need to #customize #WordPress #Plugin? I will help you. 

Contact me: http://goo.gl/h3UDFv         

#wordpress #looking #hairing #plugin #development #hacking #malware #customize #CSS #Fiverr #mystery #JesusChristSuperstarLive
you are an embarrassment
Evergreen tweet
My husband’s company handed out $1000 bonuses for the PR stunt while in the process of firing almost 5000 employees. So take your tax cut for corporations/rich and shove it.
PAUL RYAN SAYS I CAN GO TO COSTCO NOW
Typical republican. Talking out both sides of his mouth trying to have it both ways. Doesnt work that way and these tax cuts only benefit the people who need them the least. Trickle down has never worked. #GOPTaxScam
They knew that, and have known it since Trickle down started, I am 70 yrs young I am still waiting for the Trickle down  to happen 2 happen
What a farcical backdown
I am not surprised. Rubio can't even look children, affected by gun violence, in the face. @marcorubio you have no backbone, you're weak, just like all in the @gop. You deserve your political karma.
Why didn't you argue to wait and put that in there then? You're pathetically lame.
Rubio is a rube
You really have no spine, Marco.
@Univision Marco, you are very misinformed. I defy you to find a serious article that says the tax cut was good for anyone but corporations and wealthy. You and GOP spent $1.5 trillion for what? Walmart, Bezos, Koch. Shameful!!
"Stock prices rose about three times as much under Obama during this period as they did under Trump. And that’s despite the fact that Trump oversaw enormous corporate tax cuts, which more or less automatically boost stock prices."
You shill.
Give it up, Marco. Get a new career.
Your pivots & spin are so exceptional you should consider taking up ice skating when you're voted out.
Spine-free propaganda.
Awww backtracking Rubio. Musta got slapped by his buyers for speaking the truth the other day.
Then why didn't you work on that while it was still a bill. The vote was tight. They needed you. You could have done something for your constituents. You are a coward who didn't make a stand when it would count and now whines about the results you helped create.
Lol
Rubes, I like you a lot but by supporting this you are kicking the debt can down the road. Do you realize how much more debt we will accumulate now? Less taxes + Increased federal spending = more debt. It’s not sustainable.
No it’s hasn’t you are a fool that needs to be voted out


Can you be a coward if you don't know what courage is?
Nobody believes you.
Two cheers for corporate tax cuts and no cheers for us average people. You’re a traitor to your constituents.
Overall @marcorubio has been pretty good as a Republican but he could have been better by stopping the cheap shots and sniping.
That’s why @POTUS is doing a phase 2.
No. You knowingly voted for a terrible bill because you are a craven Republican that cares more about the wealthy and your party more than the country.
But you just said “There is still a lot of thinking that if big corps are happy, they’re going to take the money and reinvest it in American workers ...In fact they bought back shares, a few gave out bonuses; there’s no evidence whatsoever that money’s been massively poured back”
The GOP mantra. The tax bill is bullshit through and through. What's worse is every one of you dirtballs knows this.
this tax cut was only good for companies who made over $1,000,000. Not for middle class or for American families.
Not real smooth. Let me read it how we think you meant it to be. "I signed it because it was really great for me, corps and the filthy rich, not so much for the rest of you little people."




A young couple I know making 50K (Walmart) , paying weekly 20% in SS/MC/FIT taxes, FL sales tax 7% on every $ they spend - had to then pay $700 in tax last month, but Millionaires get the breaks. It is criminal.
That was Obama's tax program. Revisit this next year.
We shall see.
I am a day one supporter of @marcorubio and I believe he really wanted to retire after 2016. I'm not excited about the tax cuts, it could have been a lot better, he is right on about that. Honestly he needs to get behind the disband the IRS movement.
Rubio has integrity - rarely guilty of hypocrisy, unlike most in Congress. But we borrowed over $400 Billion 1st qrtr of '18 largest increase in debt since '08 - to give the Rich a tax cut. Ultimately the money will come out of my kids pockets. It is immoral , He should say so.
Too late.
Do you ever look in the mirror and wonder who you are. Is this who you want your children to look up to. I see so much potential in you but greed and corruption has changed you for the worse. Your place in history will be a complete disgrace and embarrassment for your family
Bull. Bad for the debt and excellent for the 1%.
Bloody Hands Rubio..woulda, coulda, shoulda.. 
Overall the GOP tax bill has been great .. for the 1% that was promised more money to line its pockets. What is the latest count on the “donations” from the NRA to your pocket?
Buyer’s remorse and not being able to keep up with where the poll ping pong takes you every day must be exhausting.
My god. You are such a coward. How do you walk? Ya know, without a spine? 

Are you suspended by a system of fluid filled bladders that give your form? A system of ropes and cables? How?
I read “Rubio’s body rejects new spine”. How spot on is that.
Wow. If you were going to flip this fast you never should have found your courage for that brief moment. Congrats, you now fit the mold once again for a spineless pol.
No it hasn’t, and if Paul Ryan is allowed to maul our social safety net in his rabid Ayn Randian jaws, it will be even worse. Cutting taxes on the rich and cutting services for the poor is about as unchristian as you can get. It’s evil, and it’s the GOP platform you endorse!
Fools, liars, grifters are running our country. They knew exactly what they were doing when they pushed this tax scam through.
How are going to fund the government be without tax revenue?  What about your constituents who work in or gave children enrolled in public schools?  This will create another massive budget crisis for education, especially with these unfunded security mandates.
I would think that the the goal would be for the plan to focus on the American worker, but it's not too late!
Then do your job and make it better and make it permanent! These cheep shots you take for grandstanding must end!

Yeah, that extra $20 a check is really keeping pace with increased gas and food costs.

God will hold you accountable! Stop using government credit cards to pay your bills!

Way to be firm on that half-assed evaluation! 

Let me help you:

The @GOP Tax Plan was great for corporations & the rich and didn’t do shit for the middle class (esp in the long run). 

I’m here for you when you feel wishy-washy! Except when Matlock is on!
The now famous Rubio back up from previous comments move. It's a classic now.
You think Marco? U gave corporate America, which has been very well off, 40% less burden. While giving workers a temporary next to nothin
What you really meant to say is “Overall, the Republican tax-cut bill has been good for” *RICH* “Americans. That is why I voted for it. But it could have been even better for American workers and their families.”
Short term thinking
Please just go join some corporate board and let someone else embarrass themselves publicly for a while
And carried interest.  You incredibly cynical pol.  Carried interest.  Explain how that makes America great again?
Hipócritas!!
You and your other personalities need to get on the same page with your message.
JFC, Lil' Marco.  Can you hold a single position for more than 24 hours?  Must be exhausting!
Funny people get a little more money but now I’m noticing cost of everything going up and up.  We’re back in same place
Which is it?  You get in trouble for what you said yesterday?  You are so wishy washy. Grow a fucking spine. Our memory is long, no matter what, you will not be re-elected in 2020. Traitor of the American people.
Rubio
“Who are already multi millionaires at the corporate level” is missing from that first sentence. Your welcome.
It is definitely good for Apple shareholders, $100 billion worth ....
Please describe "Americans" for whom the tax cut was good.  80% to the 1%. Luckily Apple was able to scrape up a $100 billion for share buy back. And at least we didn't penalize Amazon with ANY federal taxes.  Bezos can now add hamburger to his Hamburger Helper.  Whew
The AR15 is Renamed the Marco Rubio
Good for RICH Americans & American corporations is what you meant to say, right? Because that's all it's been good for.
Let your yea be yea. And let your nay be..uh wait.. I meant yea. I mean nay! No..er
You're pathetic.
Could you possibly be more spineless? I guess that’s why you can’t stand up for anything.
Glad you changed your tuned Marco.  It has been good for many Americans.  Yes, it could be better, but it’s more than what’s been done in year. Support Rick Scott!!
Seriously? 
Oh, Marco, Marco. Who got to you? I know you're terrified, but really, couldn't you have waited another day before doing a complete flip-flop?
Make up your mind. My eraser is getting worn out trying to keep up with your morphing opinions.

You made your bed. Lie in it.
B A C K P E D A L - gutless.   Don’t you know your KIDS will read this?  And THEIR kids?  Be a MAN.
This Is y u r not going anywhere and r lucky to have reached Senator. Trying to destroy a very good Tax cut move by Repub Party is a Bad move. But if u believed it was bad, stay with that. By being a,weasel like with Gang of 8,  u remind everyone y you  fell short in Pres run
You are so embarrasing.
Can’t make up you mind again? The fine people of Florida deserve better. #RESIGN
Tweet out another bible verse Marco.
Something about ...oh I don’t know..
..Thirty pieces of silver?
#MarcoJudasRubio
It’ll be worse when Congress makes the common man pay for the deficit created by tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations.  They’ll start with destroying SS & Medicare.
Blah blah blah yet more gibberish. You’re on the wrong side of history buddy.
You are a HORRIBLE person and a terrible legislator.  This quarter the US borrowed a record amount of money.  Those of you crying about fiscal responsibility for so long for some reason no longer care.
You’re a lying slimeball.  The tax cut was good for the wealthy and companies buying back their own stock in order to boost stock price.  The average worker has barely seen a drop of that tax savings in their paycheck.  #ImpeachTrump
Which Americans? The wealthiest, of course. Trickle-down is BS.
Ohhh ... what happened .. did someone give you a talking to about how you are not supposed to tell the truth.
Since the Corp rate is locked and the citizen rate expires... I’d say it was the greatest heist ever perpetrated. Since you voted for it, you are complicit.
Then make it better before voting for mediocrity that ultimately benefits the 1%, dude. Your constituents and the country as a whole deserve better. You don't belong in a job of public service.
LOL
Sen Paul: “We are $20 trillion in debt and counting. Our nation’s politicians are addicted to spending, and they need to be put in treatment. Will the voters force them to stop? When will the intervention come to save our economy and our country?”
You keep trying to twist your words into something coherent, Senator. 

The tax bill didn’t help American working families. 

Period.
It couldn’t have been much worse.
LOL! Trying to back out of what you said huh?
#VoteHimOut
Your Rand Paul publicity stunt showing some compassion ends in a Rand Paul like capitulation and a shuffling back into line. We know who and what you are, no stunts are going to remove the stain that is you.
Good job Marco!
Looks like you have been looking at some recent Florida polls. Too late.
Arent the majority of Americans, workers and families? Stop trying to make excuses for voting for the tax scam. Youre a sad excuse for a Senator.
"If you liked this please still like me but if you didn't please also like me I will pretend to be whoever you want just don't make me actually take a stand"
You voted for it because you’re a corrupt Republican, totally bought and paid for by special interests. Enjoy your day.
Spin away, death eater. Spin away.
Sometimes it’s best just not say anything Marco.

Cuando se pierda el balance entre lo que entra y sale del presupuesto me lo dices y entonces veremos quién pagará las consecuencias, como siempre el que trabaja,,
It's good for wealthy Americans. It's screwing over the rest of us.
Is it any wonder why people in every corner of the world hate you?

#DrainTheSwamp #maga2018 @realdonaldtrump #potus #gop #maga #ImpeachTrump #resist #theresistance #vp #KellyAnnePolls #foxandfriends #foxnews #MuellerIsComing #presssec #cnn
No, it hasn't.  You were right the first time.
SNL is missing a big opportunity here.  Marco Rubio comes out on both sides of every issue.  Gotta be an ongoing bit.

#resist #maga #sayfie #florida
Overall, the Republican tax-cut bill has been good for Americans. That is why I voted for it. But it could have been even better for American workers and their families. https://www.nationalreview.com/2018/05/corporate-tax-cuts-must-help-working-families-marco-rubio/ …
You talk out of both sides of your mouth, Marco.

You might want to consider a twitter time out. Have you read the comments to this post?
A dog’s slimy water bowl has more character and content than you do
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan if it is so good make it permanate.
Hope you can swim.
Chameleon!!!
Who got to you?
Well then vote for phase 2, Marco. Stop fighting President Trump. Get over your butt hurt. Move the agenda
Walking back when you accidentally told the TRUTH the other day, @marcorubio? Another #KochBrothers_Tool #RubioRussia #NRABloodMoney Your time in the barrel is coming, sweetie.
No, it hasn't been "good for Americans". It has been good for corporations, and detrimental to the majority of Americans. And, as you admit, you voted for it.

At the time when Floridians will feel the full measure of #TaxScamBill, you will be campaigning for re-election. 
I got nothing, AND gas prices are climbing daily. I'm going backwards here.

Please make up your mind.
So which is it Marco? Is it helping American workers or not?  You can’t have it both ways.
I'm a teacher that buys her own supplies. This tax bill hurts me and my family. I make 24k a year. Anyone that thinks this is fair is an idiot.

Welfare for the rich! The 2% and all their entitlements! You're a traitor to working Americans!
Don't try to cover up the truth now with more lies. #GOPTaxScam is only going to give the middle class huge deficits you'll try to pay off with our Social Security and Medicare. FL voters will remember this.

So,  Proposed legislation to improve it
Spoken like a true politician. Jeez. Take a side. And, by the way, it’s NOT been good for 99% of Americans. #GOPTaxScam
You are such a sell out!! If your going to speak the truth than stick to it, otherwise shut up and go back to brown nosing trump! Tax cut HAVE NOT been good for Americans!!! Truth!!!
