I'm more worried that trump will ask Putin, who won't ask permission.
Then publicly push for Trump to stop aiding Russia and lets see some action to shore us up against Russia in 2018 or are you counting on Russia helping Republicans again. Honestly I don't want to believe it but the absence of any oversight is confounding.
But what are you doing besides tweeting Bible verses.
Bots on twitter are pretty easy to spot, if you check the tweet times. But the reporting policy is a mess, and makes reporting difficult. It's time we forced proper governance and due diligence on social media, just as we do with financial institutions.
And because wimps like YOU in congress don't make our president defend the USA against Russian cyber attacks. This is completely on you because you remain silent.
We can thank you and your ilk for that, since you support Putin's puppet totally. You are spineless.
Bull cookies. Tech firms are working on their own protections. Our government should also be working on its protections. Why hire Silicon Valley? Get your own people.
And he has trump on his side 100%
This was an open question? Since when did tech companies become an arm of foreign militaries?
Apparently, you also don’t have a problem with @realDonaldTrump who takes every chance he can get to show that he wants to be besties with Putin. #GOPComplicit
Stop obstructing and start resigning!
Emboldened??? What are you talking about!!! They haven't stopped!!!
Maybe you should have considered that back when your party leader was (s)elected.
Hi @marcorubio, let me know how I can help protect the country we both love and call Home! #teamwork #putincares
The Gov. should be the one to cyber attack.  Why civilians should do the work of the government? Since the military got so much money on the last budget. But better yet, it is for every country not just USA. That includes Russia..
Why aren’t you trying harder to get your party to fight the Russians?

Twitter ain’t gonna do it.

Do your job @marcorubio
I have no problem with tech firms pledge to not assist governments in cyberattacks. The only problem is #Putin isn’t going to ask them for help or permission. And I am sure he is emboldened to attack now that he thinks he may be safe from counterattack  https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/17/us/politics/tech-companies-cybersecurity-accord.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
I have no problem if you Stop obstructing and start resigning!
Gun laws Mark! #DoYourJob
BUENOS DIAS SENADOR .AYUDA URGENTE POR FAVOR PARA VENEZUELA. DIOS LO BENDIGA
It seems that this is a national security threat and therefore that massive military budget you signed onto should have sufficient funds for a cyber-security department.
So then wouldn’t it be time for the govt to setup a cyber hacking intelligence Dept?
They have one.
Sarcasm... I find it hilarious we always ask Apple... or Microsoft for help when we supposedly have a Cyber Command.
There are a lot of bright people in the tech field in the private sector.  The gov needs their help — where ever they are.  True in every facet of intelligence.  Trust me, you want them to seek out the best...
We need the help of our tech companies to help us remain competitive around the world  I think if the American people truly understood what’s at stake, perhaps we could boycott their companies
let's pray on this and see if the Russians play nice.
And why is he feeling safe? Because YOUR president refuses to allow any steps to be taken or to apply sanctions! #Hypocrites #DoYourJob!!!
@MiamiHerald @Univision 
Putin thinks he can cyberattack with impunity because Rubio, Trump and GOP do nothing. What has Rubio done to protect our elections. NOTHING! Like everything else, he just says there’s a problem. No leadership.
I wonder how that plays out when they become the target?
And everyday your party leader makes him more  secure... when is the GOP in Senate and Congress going to do something... impotent worthless spineless .... November!!!!!
He's safe from you, that's for sure!
What have you done about Russian interference in the election? Zero zip nada
Thank you Mr. Rubio.
GOP government is corrupt. Public and businesses have lost faith in corrupt gop politicians.
Is American cyber security sub par?
C’mon Rubio, nothing emboldens Putin more than a US President who is entirely unwilling to stand up to him, speak harshly of him, or even admit that Putin did anything wrong. 

Coward. #BlueTsunami2018 #VoteThemOut #GOP #MAGA #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
Is that a Bible quote?
Ok... marco... what is YOUR solution. We are waiting.
Marco, stop warmongering.
I actually agree w/ you on this.. problem is.. the president won't stand up to Russia.. even yesterday slow rolling sanctions..  Ask yourself why the world's biggest bully won't stand up for America.. In your heart, you know the answer. Just have to be brave enough to take action
Putin is safe because your party’s leader is his puppet and you’re afraid to do something about it.
Putin only feels emboldened because of you, your president and the entire #GOPComplicit members for not forcing the sanctions which were voted on.  Those sanctions and others still haven’t been implemented.  This is your fault! #GOPTraitors #GOPTreason #RussianSanctions
You do, however, have a grammar problem.
Agreed senator. Now about those economic sanctions @nikkihaley promised, will u press @realDonaldTrump to impose them or is Putin still calling the shots?
So foreign govs using cyber to take advantage of us is OK by you..  not ok by me to see the private sector feel they have no role in the security of our nation. Guess what, last I checked, freedom isn’t free. We all have to pitch in and do what’s right to keep it that way.
Ok good.  Now:

Apply that same application of logic to the NRA.
https://youtu.be/3l1ONz93ZZ0  .@SenTedCruz @marcorubio
Pastor Rubio.  It is imperative that you call out the White House and their negligence in sanctioning Russia. #RussianSanctions
Liberals are socialists and Communists so it doesn’t shock me they would be propagandist for Russia & China.
Go back to Russia.
@potus cancelled sanctions. You are literally a branch of govt. you CAN do something, ya know, other than post bible scripture and thoughts/prayers
Why has the government not done anything to stop Putin or Russia interference? Voting machines? Cyberattacks?  Can’t lay this just on the tech companies.
Read the whole article Rubio. The article isn’t a law your actually supposed to read the whole thing not just a headline! How lazy are you?
Those liberal, west coast tech companies DO NOT possess all the top tech-skilled resources in the USA.
You support Trump. And have put him before your country.
Because they will be implicated @Twitter has been exposed as a top hacker of Americansvia their app installation in your 
maybe you could talk to your president and ask why he's been so EASY on Russia, no matter your party it should royally piss us all off in regards to our country
Why are you tweeting the FAILING New York Times? I was under the impression that they are fake news! #MAGA
Mr. Rubio, What is the status of your bill to protect the integrity of our upcoming election? We need it to get a vote on it ASAP. Thanks. 
#RussianSanctions #RussianInterference
attack who
Get'em Senator!!  We support you in protecting America from cyber attacks. This is a national security issue.
I agree... I think Putin has enough people with the smarts that he doesn't need their help.
Then introduce legislation....oh no you can't go against trump can you
Too late?
THEY ARE   MY HILL  MAKE .....
isn't this special
