Get a job!


Oh, have you looked up how much the liberals get?  Just curious.

Weird you left San Bernardino and pulse out of your meme.
Oops...2 out of 67!!
49 died at pulse more than all 6 you hand selected. And it targeted the LGBT community specifically. But narrative matters more.
67 is the number of mass shootings SINCE January..NOT the number dead obviously! Do you want to argue that ONLY 65 were by White male US citizens, cause I would say...it’s 67 too many! A.H!!!!
You forgot the hashtag #TakeNote
Marco you are the man for responding to this...
lol... Nice Ricky...I mean Marco. #TakeNote
Utah jazz games, where somehow @marcorubio and @MittRomney have become part if the conversation, yet the only politician we ever wanted was @SpencerJCox 

What a time to be alive!
Lol  I’m sure Marco is having fun with this! #MarcoRubio #NBA #RickyRubio
“We”???....guess you’re planning your next great move...what?...Governor of TX?...cause we know you’ll never win another election in FL... Mr NRA.
@E M junior sorry fool. But being that he's NRA just won him re-election in Fl.  Don't believe Hogg or that other young comí girl has influenced south floridians.  #Rubio will be re-elected, as will #Trump. & #2A will stay
¿Juegas baloncesto Marco?
Oh how nice for you!! Maybe get back to work now??
This is actually legitimately funny

Now do one on baby killers  PP
Stfu dummy. I FIVE children I’d like to safe and alive. FOH 
And yet you still didn't reply to his question about how @PPact donated money to politicians. Hint: it's waaaay more than the @NRA and PP actually kills people.
Just go away.
No really. Gfy
You got skills

Ha. Reg a closet republican.
HAHAHAHA, Love it Senator Rubio!
STICK TO POLITICS
@tinalundelius Marco the jokester. #Marco2020
You and Huckabee are super funny, Marco
#NRABloodMoney
That is so cute, Senator.

Now, how about those dead teens in Parkland?

#NRABloodMoney 
#NeverAgain
#MSDStrong
Is that part of Chicago? Cause you care about dead teens.
I been trying to reach you for months and left many messages with you staff to call me. A constituent in Tampa Florida. You need to return a call. Your staff have my number.
I too have tried 5 times during the last three months, and Marco, you have NOT replied You are MY Senator as I live in Valrico, Flordia.......please respond
Now that's funny Marco
u have time for jokes Rubio but no time to deal with the gun violence.Enjoy ur time bc ppl r dead & u don't care
#TakeNote

Lol good one little Marco
Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!!!!
Time to start rocking the man bun!
I’d like to see a photo op, maybe a game of horse. #SenatorHasSkills



Do you ever work?
Romney had some words for Westbrook too
You’d probably make a better b-ball player than Senator.

Your decision to post that image is evidence of mental instability. Your father’s support of your actions is evidence of his mental instability. You and your father pose a threat to the community.
@russwest44 getting beat by @marcorubio, aka Lil’ Marco. How sad is that?
Stop tweeting. Go away. Hypocrite.
Marco Rubio is the best sharpshooter in the nra...sorry nba
That’s silly. Ricky Rubio works for a living.


Ooh suddenly @marcorubio cares about #blackmen. #hypocrite
Thoughts and players.
Send that crybaby Westbrook home for the summer. Might help him grow up.
Lol

Scumbag is back to scrape some more cash from the Tax Payers wallets, that-a-boy just like you did in FL with the Senate Credit Card, Yea Marco no I haven't forgot and won't let the people forget either.
Going to the state dinner with the other complicit republicans?
So, @marcorubio, we either get Bible verses or sports reports from you.  Any legislating ideas?  Any thoughts on, perhaps, gun safety, supporting our teachers seeking living wages, supporting the Iran deal, standing up to an unfit president? You know, senatorial stuff.
Never happen. To play basketball, Ricky must have a working spine.

You? Not so much.

#VoteBlue2018
$1.05
Talk. All “talk.” That is Spineless Little Marco and his clown/puppet master.
Now that’s funny right there
That’s a good one!

Savage
Haha I thought he kept saying that! 
LMAO!!!
Funny and triggering Liberals early. Way to go Rubio! 
So wait Senator, not a Heat fan?  #PhilaUnite #HereTheyCome #NBAPlayoffs
Classic @ReggieMillerTNT





There is so much wrong with this tweet I don’t even know where to start
Lol
What does the bible say about braggers? You're a conman, yourself. People are hurting from no insurance & you're bragging with vitality. #wwjd
First you try shaming Democrats, then when that didn’t work you tried the Bible. Now sports. 

When are you going to get it that we don’t like you because you’re a greedy megalomaniac who doesn’t care about constituents? It’s so painfully obvious.
US Senate, NBA, and eventually our President

Marco, D.C. is in chaos and you are dribbling about basket ball
No exception all Us citizen are equal before the law, constitution 2nd Amend not allow deal w/communist Kim Jung un> @POTUS oath defender constitution & comply & enforce the laws, you may be impeach to charge by violating 50 U.S.Code & 842 proscription of Communist Party Act 1950

NRA Shill.
