Gran visita al @canaldepanama, una maravilla de la ingeniería estadounidense impulsada por la necesidad de acelerar el tránsito de buques de la Marina de EE. UU. y clave en la expansión global del comercio estadounidense.
Senator sending you greetings from Florida. You should come visit sometime. 

We might have all kinds of issues with healthcare & gun control & immigration & climate change here but both of our Senators agree the recent tax Bill didn't do anything for working class families.
As a FL resident, I promise to work diligently to see that your political career ends with this term. What skeletons do you have in your closet? I hope your name is one of those on the 25,000+ unsealed. Q said they have it all. You are toast.
Don’t you have something to do here in Florida.  How about holding some Town Hall Meetings!
A man who works behind the scenes and not get the fame and talk.  Love Marco! Your reward is in heaven!!
this coming from a never trump!!
You got it.  NEVER TRUMP.
Running from something? Or will Puerto Rico be a stop on this trip? Or have you forgotten?
He is not the Senator of Puerto Rico. I love Puerto Rico but the island suffered from left-wing economic mismanagement for years before the hurricane.
This is a great time to get that out in the open & fix that.
Rubio is all about himself - not a good politician
& then potus Carter gave the damn thing to China
.
Jaime Bayly, Colonel Luis Alfonso Plazas

Great Danger for Colombia & Hemisphere

Gustavo Petro

Terror Gang M-19 of so many Tortures, Kidnappings Murders

M-19 always in bed with the Drug Cartels of Cali & Medellin

Criminals without Borders or Limits
.
El NarcoTerrorista @petrogustavo dedicó su vida a secuestrar y asesinar...su prontuario comienza en las Farc, el cartel de drogas mas grande y sangriento del mundo, que en asocio con narcos de cali fundaron el…
@marcorubio @thepanamacanal another day not in the office doing what we put you in office to do, you know work
Why not VISIT Florida sometime, hold a town hall. You are ignoring issues here in the US. Stop running for president again and concentrate on your job here.
As you know I'm less harsh on Rubio than many but didn't the Panama Canal come up recently re: Finkelstein (sp)? W/use of photos as code, wonder if MR is unwittingly broadcasting a message. @CC: @JamesFourM
Because it’s way too hard to stay home and #DoYourJob
If your only purpose or top purpose in life is to go after Rubio, you have no life. Grow up.
Please!! Please!! PLEASE!!!! Don't listen to the ISPs!!! LISTEN TO US!!!  THE PEOPLE!!! Support the CRA and get that last vote in!!!  Save  #NetNeutrality !!! STOP PLAYING GAMES WITH US AND SAVE THE FREE AND OPEN  INTERNET!!! WE deserve BETTER!!!
Why the flip flop on tax bill? It was tilted greatly in favor of wealthy. Income and wealth disparity intensifies.
PANAMA canceled the residence of 300 Venezuelans, with children born in the country, property and businesses. Does this seem fair to you?
Stay there!
When are your TOWN HALLS Marco? You are a terrible Senator.
I have the feeling Senator that if the Panama Canal was built and you were a senator at the time you'd be saying now it really didn't produce all the Commerce traffic that we thought it would even though I was for it but now I'm against it but I'm really for it
Shut up rubio, you suck.
#stopbigsugar
We need those Navy ships right in front  Venezuelan shores with food, medicine, and brave marines to help us end the Venezuelan holocaust
Marco is time to stop Venezuelan holocaust military intervention now

They built another one.  Did you notice?
We  our tax cuts.  Fund and build the wall
RECUERDE LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA SENADOR..PARA MAÑANA ES TARDE
Stay tuned for Rubio update wherein he tweets 'Panama Canal? Meh'
Very, very true.
Nice Photo Op. #useless #senator
Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
My friend return at right time.
It is as beautiful as it is marvelous. Now, how about we focus on something closer to home? #PuertoRico #Trumpocalypse #GunControl #Healthcare #hypocrisy
A president candidate
Sellout.
