I like you Rubio, but i love the tax cuts
Marco, stop it already. maybe spend sometime helping your country then being on twitter being a phony
13:16-17=.
You are a slave to every single Lobby that gives you money. I hope you fail the rest of your political career and become destitute until you learn
Roses are red, violets are blue.  You can’t really believe this bullshit is true.
But yet, you’re a Republican
So, make a motion to reduce congressional salary and benefits.  Liar. Bullshit. Fake Christian.  Just stop, already. #makecongressgreatagain!
Dude...either be a PREACHER or be a SENATOR....but not both
Stp quoting the bible and start acting by it, hypocrite!!
Rubio do you fear trump that
Much.
I think one day you will be president.
You believe in god?? Preach to these kids..   wait you can’t you sould out there lives for $1.05. Was it worth it?  Is your god proud??
Precious
I don't know that your precious..don't even know you yet.
Your party just fired the priest from congress. Don’t give us this hypocrisy and expect us to believe you are sincere
So you’re saying you’re equal to the @nra?
So you have to be a slave to Trump, you have no huevos to act as a co-equal branch of Govt. If Ryan and McConnell let Trump lie, put our country at risk, and not follow the rules of law, what are you doing? If Clinton we're Pres.your heads would be spinning. That's hypocrisy WWJD
The bible has no verses saying that human slavery is wrong.

US slavers used the bible as ammunition to keep their industry alive a lifetime after the constitution was ratified.  It took 50 years and 500,000 lives to disenfranchize the industry. We are still sick from the disease
You cannot serve god and mammon at the same time!!
$1.05
Vomit!!!
Have you found a new job yet? Hope you're looking. I suggest a Pastor in a rural setting. You're useless verses would be welcomed there, not here  but there.
just heard this "lesson" from the Egyptian Book of the Dead or some such on @lahpodcast . This is authoritarianism that predates the Old Testament.
People buy your shit Marco ??? Really ???
Matthew 6:24 “No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.”
The devil knows the Bible backwards and forward!
If you are no better than @realDonaldTrump you are in serious trouble. #TheResistance
“Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.”
John 13:16-17 KJV
Marco why do you use corrupted scriptures that are not holy? Don’t you fear God? Deuteronomy 4:2, Proverbs 30:5-6, Revelation 22:18-19.  Read from a Kjv.  If you share word make sure God approves it.  Just saying.  
so is !!
And we can only serve one Master.
Spartacus? Aesop? St. Patrick? Frederick Douglass? Margaret Garner?
Tell that to the WH.....oh wait no Rep has the balls
You, Matt and all the Trump go-fers.
It's 2018 and your tweeting that masters are superior to slaves. Not only in poor taste but you just said Trump and your corporate donors own you. I am not blessed for understanding this. I'm angry. #MessengerBoy
Are you auditioning to be the new House chaplain?

Any reference to slavery in this day and age is one too many
The correct understanding is, the slave refers to ego, and the Master refers to your higher self or conscious self. Your higher self should be the Master of your ego.
Good Job Pastor Rubio
Is @realDonaldTrump your master? Because it appears so.
Guess we know who your master is! You are a major disappointment! There was a time I thought you would be a force for good for all of us, not just your R donors. If I wanted to hear quotes from the Bible, I'd go to a "House of Worship". 
Wake up!! WTH are you doing? 
"no slave is greater than his master...” This was said by our Lord Jesuschrist after He washed the feet of His disciples. We should learn from His teachings: “just as the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give His life a ransom for many.” Mathew 20:28
Can you stop hailing Satan and and do something productive for your constituents please?
Please stop...you need to go to church and ask for forgiveness
Ahhh I see you are painting a picture of why the GOP sucks right now, being under the thumb of Trump. So the message is yes, we should vote you all out.
Politician or Holy Man?
Choose.
I get it Little Greedy Marco For thou is the SLAVE to the NRA, for money is the ROOT TO YOUR EVIL THOU SHALL NOT KILL You like to pose as a Godly man, a man of FAITH, but truly you are the EVIL SATAN WHO WILL BURN IN HELL FOR ETERNITY FOR YOUR EVIL DEEDS
Deflecting
Looks like the automation is working.
It’s all coded messages. Sounds like Rubio, Comey ect are telling Trump something
Martin Luther King was a slave.

Paul Revére was a messenger.

Politicians using the Bible verses in their political journey are actually justifying radical muslims struggling for the adoption of Shah'ria as the basis of their Nations' ruling system.
You're another 
Who are you
Lying lips are abomination to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight. A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness. Proverbs 12:22-23
You make me sick.
Please pray for Alfie Evans.. Matthew 25:40  
Thank You
Wow @marcorubio! That’s a pretty deep statement right there. Pretty good one too!
Are you a Senator or a evangelist? Wish you had some words for us a citizens of US regarding why the GOP refuses to do their job and clean up the mess that they have created for the citizens of this country. Impeach Trump and do your job, pl.
So you are not greater than the NRA?
By passing this bill, you made jewish bolshevism stronger. You are NOT a friend of the New Covenant. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/447/cosponsors …
Such an abuse of the Bible. And of the meaning of Jesus's life. Help the  needy and the poor. Don't make them suffer more than they already give. Allow people to have health care. Your works are hollow otherwise.
You are EVIL!
Who has the greatest hustle the biggest muscles?
Then do your job and do the job you were elected to do. For the people not @NRA
You are a slave to money and your fear of Trump.
Marcos hermano, en la florida esta un informante de Maduro y su combo, el delincuente se hace pasar por perseguido politico. Se llama Diego Palacios. Pide su inmediata deportación.
Why don’t you become a preacher and leave politics for others
Have you refunded your NRA contributions? Until you do, dont quote scripture to anyone.
Stop it. Omg.
Finally. You admit the NRA owns you. It’s about time!
Girl bye.
Don't get it twisted Yahusha is the master and those who does his will and follow him is slaves for his sake which is  honor.

Keep preaching the daily gospel!
is this like supposed to be inspiring or something
Matthew 6:1
This is my simple religion. No need for temples. No need for complicated philosophy. Your own mind, your own heart is the temple. Your philosophy is simple kindness. 
~ Dalai Lama
WTF

Stop quoting scripture because you NEVER practice what they mean because you are a disgrace and a fraud and spineless lackey for the President
“When you pray, you shall not be as the hypocrites, for they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen by men... In that era there were public prayers at the temple, and private prayers to be said on one's own. Matthew 6:5
Is this *code* for HELP! ?....TRUMP is my slave master making me do his evil bidding. Call Paul Ryan, give the safe word "covfefe" and wait for him to save your ass. Because no one else wants to. AND....NEITHER WILL HE! FYI
Hail Satan Hail Me
Then would you not listen to yourself? As I'm sure The Students of The school tgat was shot up are the children of your employers ie. THE PEOPLE! 
Instead your words were you don't buy into other peoples agenda! They Buy into yours! Quit making Christianity  look abominable!
What about “forgive me father for what I’ve sinned”
Separation of Church and State - United States Constitution

What even are you tryna say.
which are you,Slave or messenger for your master (NRA)?  Correct answer, both.
So much for separation of church and state. You shame our founding fathers @marcorubio and our constitution.
Your master? Who... Trump?
Fantastic choice @marcorubio , out of the whole book you chose to use the quote that starts with “slaves” . Just shows you can go to any levels to keep things luke warm.
Por favor?  really?   U certainly picked wrong verse!  Para!!!
So, this is about the @NRA,right?
Marco I'm not sure if you understand the verse
It's illegal to own slaves in the United States. Why do we allow the violation of our constitution? The out of control spying by the Government? Now Free Speech under Trump attack. Hard Rein's a gonna fall.
Amen
........ Umm this is a pretty bad passage dude
Ummmm...yeah...the #Bible is a big book. Maybe pick a different verse. #clueless #resign
Blah blah blah blah blah I hear Joel Osteen is looking for someone to help count the cash he bilks from his - you should apply. As a Fla resident I’d love for you to resign you are a sorry Senator
Slavery is wrong regardless of what you say, @marcorubio!! 

Marco, have you been ordained?
You creep me out every day
^^Public official promoting Devine Right, which our country broke from England to free ourselves from. ^^
Give it a rest, Little Marco.
Do you have any explanation for the $3.3 million you took from the NRA?
Your a slave to the NRA, power donors, and Trump sweaty Marco.
HYPOCRITE
Judgement from Pastor Rubio.  #FakeSenator
Is this directed at your donors who buy your political stance?
Marco Rubio a Latin embarrassment a man with no balls an American with no principles and bad Christian
This dude is disconnected
Amen
Would #jesus think you're a Christian? #truth is #WeThePeople don't know. Live without your mask.
Talvez con nuevo fiscal general, este Caso avance, tristemente con CLAUDIA PAZ y THELMA ALDANA no avanzó, son 2000 días en PRISIÓN PREVENTIVA, MP y CICIG se dedica a obstruir con recursos MALICIOSOS, ni el vil ASESINATO d progenitora d CHIROY se esclarecio
[JUSTICIA] El coronel Juan Chiroy y los ocho soldados sindicados en el caso Cumbre de Alaska, llevan cinco años y medio en prisión preventiva. http://republica.gt/2018/04/18/coronel-chiroy-en-la-carcel-la-sensacion-es-que-el-tiempo-no-pasa/ …
So let’s examine this: exactly who is your Master in Washington?  I’m thinking you have some soul searching to do.
Do you even know what that verse really means?! I don't think you do...
I can’t tell you how I find your constant quoting of scripture to be insulting to Christians.
Or slave to NRA.
So slavery is good yah?
Is your master I think so!

Then you're a slave to Dtrumpf and the NRA? Don't answer...we already know. 
Amen
Stop preaching
stuff it pinocchio
You should definitely take this verse into consideration when you next take a payment from the NRA. Do you think you can stand up to your master?
It profiteth a man not, to give up his soul for the whole world. 
Mark 8:36-38

But for the @NRA?

A Man for All Seasons https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLIsqYKDqY8 …
#AlternativeFacts

#MarchForOurLives 
@Emma4Change 
@davidhogg111
CCP is red nazism,believe me please.
Is Marco trying to explain why he won't stand up to 45? I don't think you're held to this if your master cheated on his pregnant wife with a porn star/Playboy model/Russian sex worker.
what is wrong with you?
Thinking about this I realize that you are correct about you. You are the slave #NRA your master. No matter how much you claim kids lives matter to you, if they don’t matter to the #NRAIsATerroristOrganization then you are less then they are.
 wish he'd save his preaching for church & keep it the fuck out of our politics. Your def a better bible thumper than senator. Gotta keep reminding you nit wits about separation of church & state. Why is that sooo hard for you to comprehend?#seperationofchurchandstate
Do you understand this Rubio? You might think you do, but you don’t!
So stupid. Do they let you drive?
STOP USING GOD R LOST WITH THE CHILDREN AND GUNS
#FAKECHRISTIAN
Here's a thought. How about  you become a righteous man of action rather than a self-righteous man of words?
Ummmmm...not very appropriate during this time.
$1.05
Wow!? IT must have taken some digging to find a seemingly Rich Guy quote from the Bible! I prefer this one Then Jesus said to His disciples, “Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.” Mathew 19
Ah this fits you.... your a slave to your master the NRA....  right ball-less wonder ?


The intended purpose is humility, not slavery
Elitism.
Psalms 109:8 Let his days be few; and let another take his office.
Isaiah 22:19 

19 I will depose you from your office,
    and you will be ousted from your position.
How on Gods Earth could you confirm Pompeo ? Are you a Moran? Remember that when the Democrats take control. I’m going to run it in your face you hypocrite.


Hey Marco ! You're not fooling anybody so keep that shit to yourself !!
$1.05. You need to stop taking money from the NRA and you need to stand up to them and vote to ban assault weapons. When is your town hall! ? 
16 This is what the LORD Almighty says: “Do not listen to what the prophets are prophesying to you; they fill you with false hopes. They speak visions from their own minds, not from the mouth of the LORD. Jeremiah 23.
The last thing I want to hear from any politician, is anything from any book of religion.  Can you please focus on the reality that how you perform your job impacts millions of people rather than posting versus from a make believe book?  Thanks in advance.
What a load of shit! The slave is better than his master because he knows you can't OWN PEOPLE!! Wtf Rubio??????
that's right rubio get back in line and listen to ur leader aka master trump
The entire point of getting rid of slavery was that all men are created equal. A great many slaves were and are greater than slave owners
Speaking of slaves to a master, what are you doing about Trump and his corruption and stupidity?
He Bible is a vile book and using it as a moral code is disgusting
Yeah condone slavery. Nice.
Tweeting a bible verse about slavery was a misstep.
Slavery is obscene
Matthew 6:6 "But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen."
Please stop quoting bible verses ....

Thump that Bible lying hypetcrit for those evil Jellico votes
Oh shut up

"You will be hated by everyone on account of My name, but the one who perseveres to the end will be saved."   Matthew 10:22.    Thank you, Jesus.   Thank you, Marco.
Stop stop stop! Be a senator, not a two bit preacher.
Yes, figures you would enjoy that verse.
This aggression will not stand, man.
  -The Dude
So, is the master in your allegory the NRA?
Please Jesus, make Marco do some work instead of this daily pandering.
Do you
Never a good time for slave quotes. Never.
Being a representative of the people means that you sir are the slave to your constituents.     "Listen to counsel and recieve instruction, that you may be wise in your latter days". Proverbs 19:20


Sounds like you’re going to make a great preacher for your next job.
