Me reuní con la embajadora de EE. UU en Costa Rica @usambassadorcr, conversamos de nuestras relaciones bilaterales y la necesidad de ayudar a #Venezuela en su lucha por la libertad y la democracia.
So when will the senator be meeting with his constituents and talking with us (versus at us like he does on social media)? 
... Asking for all of Florida...
Would you please do something for Florida!
Hey lil Marco you can always move there and run for president
How about OUR fight for freedom and democracy?
Senator did you discuss your Economist article and their conclusion about how you are a disappointment? Personally I thought they went easy on you.
Strongly support Rubio Mr.! 

Rubio Mr. is full of sense of Justice of politicians！

what is the United States of maximum security?
 Answer is: 
destroy everything tyranny, let freedom Democratic Sunshine illuminate the Earth each of the dark corner！
Venezuela is a result of Socialism. Help them for their stupidity? I don’t think so. That doesn’t solve their problems.
#pandering
Focus on America right now to get Trump out Congress #dosomething
#MarcoMansplaining
When’s your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
Another war we are going to join I see!
When you have time to actually deal with America’s/ Florida’s problems... under GOP leadership,  my 401k/Retirement account is going down & gas prices are going waaay up.  THANKS, GOP!! Personally, I’m tired of YOUR particular brand of “winning”
Bla bla bla
Get out!
And he does this while the democracy in America is being actively eroded by him and his party.
Your own country is the next Venezuela. Stop pretending you are blind as to what is going on here right under your nose.
. Venezuela tiene a este Gusano loco.
@marcorubio @usambassadorcr when do we get our face time with you here in Florida where ur supposed to be..working not out
ESPERO QUE LA AYUDA SEA PRONTO SENADOR..VENEZUELA ESTA DESAPARECIENDO Y LOS VENEZOLANOS MURIENDO .LA DICTADURA DE MADURO NOS ESTA MATANDO POCO A POCO
.@KellyannePolls is almost looking human in this picture with you.
Eres un fracasado.
Hey Senator, did you know that Miami is being swallowed up by the ocean??? Do you care?

Rubio, what's the matter, you too good to worry about America?
STOP THEM FROM COMING HERE. NO VACANCY
Meet with us in our fight to save freedom and democracy.
Hey Rubio get off your ass and and go down to our borders we're being invaded you worry about Venezuela what about worrying about the USA
Little Rubio planning to help overthrow another GOV'T.
You should focus on helping the American people. The ones you were elected to represent.
There are a lot of Venezuelan-Americans in Florida.
And those Russians, Argentinians, Brazilians, and Haitians are also Americans, in America. That being said, he works plenty on Florida issues--but foreign policy is also a responsibility of the US Senate. That's why senate campaigns include fp debates.
Will you be trying to arm rebels there, too?
Stop distracting and listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
... No.
Go home Rubio. You sold out the people of Florida while pretending to support Venezuela.
