Senator Rubio, Afri American citizens had to die and march from Selma with MLK for their voting rights! Puerto Rican American citizens have been under the US flag since 1898 and still they can't vote for Congress. Is urgent congress acts on this.
Puerto Rico, American Samoa, the US Virgin Islands, Guam and the Mariana Islands are allowed to vote in Primaries and only Primaries
This is the only LORD you serve...

You’re an empty vessel. Can you not speak your own words!? Disappointment! Not to me, but your people are reaching into an empty cookie jar.


I’m sorry you’re so angry that It causes you to react so shamefully!!

All rights will be stripped when your #2A rights are stripped off.
That will never happen.
Bless you!
Such pandering.
The Lord would want you to condem the wicked, you could start with the Trump administration
the Trump administration are refferred to as awsome sheep.  The former Obama administration and hillary supporters like you are known as GOATS
Greatest of all time, I accept that, I'd rather be a leader, than a mindless sheep who follows a goat
marco is not a mindless sheep and Trump, because of Melania and the Trump administration is no goat
according to you, I see it much different and you are right Melania and Trump are so far from "greatest of all time"they have sunk the morals of this nations to all new lows
if Trump is successful with Kim of North Korea --you are incorrect... I am rooting for Trump because i know the Kim family likes to "play"
why don't we agree to disagree, my grievances aren't with you
no iron throne for you
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.

If the 1st person didn't have an AR15 - 26 people would be alive today.
In response to the shooting at Stoneman, Senator @MarcoRubio has asked the Departments of Justice & Education for an inquiry into claims of $100m in unspent safety money and potentially dangerous discipline policies in Broward County.
You do know God doesn't necessarily like demons quoting Him, right?
To all of those leftist seminar tweeters that have so dominated your tweet threads, running off the majority who have elected you twice, Jesus said, “He that believes and is baptized shall be saved, but he who does not believe shall be damned [to hell.]” Mark 16:16.
Or not.
You’re simple, why don’t you act like ol’ Jebus?
Therefore the Lord is not a Republican. Republicans are not trustworthy and deceive the simple, their base.
there are two types of pelo - selfish and unselfish.  there are selfish democrats and selfish repubs.  like Trump because of Melania, there are selfless repubs and selfless dems.  You sound like a selfish dem ..not good
You should have interviewed for the chaplain job while you had the chance.
No shrimp for you. Leviticus 11:9-12
I love the fact that you send out these beautiful scripture tweets!! Gracias
So when I stone the gay neighbor that I’m supposed to love, do I just use heart shaped stones?
did Jesus allow anyone to throw stones at Mary Magdalene? (who was a slut like Stormy Daniels)
Well, I wasn’t there. I wonder why “Christians” are coming down so hard on Stormy, then. Hmmmm
because her mother, yes her own mother,  indirectly called Stromy a liar too, only interested in making up a story to get money
Marco, it looks like you were on board with the take down of DJT, I'd advise you to stop tweeting scripture, you make Christians look bad. This is the exact reason why so many turn away from God.
I believe it's because they took prayer out of our schools.
Amen
too bad our law is not perfect that protects corrupt leaders like your president
Trump, because Melania helps him .... Trump is not corupt

Stop using God to minimize your lack of judgement.
I think he is spot on! More people need to do what he does especially politician. Judge not lest ye be judged!
Don’t you dare try to throw about your piety when anyone enables and condones the likes of Trump and uses the Holy Bible to do it!
The discussion in the den of iniquity was how to disperse anti freeze and screen wash into the new half and half rain fall collector - I slept well last night yo honor @marcorubio
wish you lived by your Bible quotes
Jeremiah 23 1-4 “Woe to the shepherds who destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture!” declares the Lord
hmm trustworthy, speaking of that, why would your potus stand on the steps of air force one, say he had no knowledge of a payment to Stormy, then turn  around and say oh wait I did, nothing to say on that?  you are all complicit liars
$1.05
Stop. Just stop.
Amén
“It is better to take refuge in the Lord than to trust in man.” -Psalms 118:8
You are a nut-job Marco........go away now.
Except for Drumpf and Giuliani!
Rudy referred to the FBI as Stormtroopers…those Patriotic men & women who treated Michael Cohen (directly confirmed) w/dignity and respect! Marco you do not support truth as you support lies & liars. Ur prayers are lies too!
#FakeChristian #hypocrite #ResignNow #RecallRubio
In case you didn’t know, this is NOT a Christian nation. 
The founding fathers explicitly spelled it out.
Law of the Lord has no place in the law of the United States.
Then get the Lord to give the workers a raise.
if he did that then Lucifer would tell the employees at fast food restaurants to raise their prices
Or dip into superprofits.
What does the LORD say about all the money you take from the NRA
Are you a senator or a preacher? Please go to session and work on laws needed for our country including gun safety and stop quoting biblical verses.
Who speaks forth
EXCELLENT verse dear Senator! :-)

The LAWS are either FOLLOWED or NOT. 

LIKES & DISLIKES are IRRELEVANT.
Does the law of the Lord advocate for widespread availability of weapons of war?   #Pharisee
if these weapons protect his family, than yes
From high school students?  Yes, good point, david psycho
why are they all smiling like cheeshire cats one day after the shooting?
i heard David Hogg say we should talk about gun control not as a democrat or not as a republican, in a video of him and obviously is him, after calling us old ass he said we better not vote for such and such a republican --harsh words from a democrat
if it is so perfect, why does not the president use the words of the lord to console people, especially those of color, except he uses  the Lord's name on occasion when he is dealing with people that support him
Senator, talking about laws, what about the #RuleOfLaw for the prolific liar @POTUS @realdonaldtrump? What are you and the @SenateGOP doing about it? Didn't you take an Oath of Office Senator?
you still sore that hillary lost?
The blood money of the @NRA is perfect, refreshing my evil soul. The decree of the @NRA is trustworthy, giving assault weapons to the mass murderers.  RUBIO 05:03
NRA and Rubio revised one of the ten commandments to" "Thou shalt kill".
Marco we know you're trumps lap dog. stop bringing Stop defaming God by invoking His Word to cover Trump's stench!
#FakeChristian

Constitutionally this can't happen. There is an order of succession & at that point if Ryan is still speaker he would become VP. If not then whomever is speaker will be VP. We are headed for a Constitutional crises.There is nothing in the Constitution covering a rigged election
Paul Ryan will not be speaker at mid-terms.  Either a democrat or a republican will take his place.  If it is a republican it would be Scalosi- if it is a democrat it would be Pelosi ...hopefully Scalosi
I like you Marco...but you quote scriptures then you fail to recognize that God has appointed our POTUS for such a time as this. We know he's not perfect...but he us the one God has His hand on to spare America. Don't miss your opportunity to rid DC of evil!
Mr Rubio...your scripture posting comes across disingenuous...
The lord does not trust you little Marco by your actions . I know u know this so stop he is looking right at u 24/7 what to you show god The second amendment.. lol clock is ticking
Oh! That is deep and comforting!! Go F--k yourself Rubio!
Ahem...
“My eyes shed streams of tears, because people do not keep your law.” -Psalm 119:136

Ok, sport. If your LORD’s law is so perfect and refreshing, why don’t…
When are you starting your theology class? #CollegeDecisionDay
But you are a
You should go to church here.
So is this your way of saying the laws of this country don't matter? Get a goddamn spine, you hacky shill.
Hypocrite
How 'bout some quotes from the Quran? Or the book of Mormon, or the Bagadavita? Or the Constitution?
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE BRO.
"For such is the will of God that by doing right you may silence the ignorance of foolish men." Peter 2:16
Truth, the most rarest gem in the U.S.A., once was sought out, now @CNN, @NBCNews, @Ms13Nbc it is avoided at ALL COSTS
I think we are clearly on the side of the Lord.
Marco for you to not rein in Trump makes you look compromised
Whoever oppresses a poor man insults his Maker, but he who is generous to the needy honors him.  Proverbs 14:31
you should step away from politics and enter the clergy

Town. Hall. Now.
And don’t bother looking for the Lord. He’s only interested in people who face the music for what they’ve done.
Fine about wisdom. But tell why tax breaks are not beneficial to American workers.
You mean YOUR lord of course.
Good.
The simple need wisdom to not reelect you and @POTUS
Stop it, stop it, stop it.  Your bible quotes make me nuts when you have liberals trying to dipose our president.  Get to work.
Gag me with the spoon of hypocrisy. Biblical platitudes out of you reek of pure manipulation.
Your lies will catch up to you. Lying to pass that tax bill.  Your deceit will be brought to the light.
Really?  That’s the best you’ve got?  You do realize you’re a US Senator and not a Deacon in a church, right?
Keep quoting scripture the way you do . . . you arent going to enjoy when he smites you

Could you tweet about issues please?
Build the wall
You really thimk the majority of the people are simple don"t you. Maybe it is you who are simple. Ever think of that.
Thank you, Senator Rubio, for your excellent leadership, and the sincere practice of sharing your sincere faith, which informs your decision making.  To uphold the NRA IS to uphold the will of the people.  Also applies to @realDonaldTrump.  Thank you, Mr. President.
What kind of ridiculous horseshit are you trying to sell here? The NRA represents the will of the people? LOL. How absurd.
It's really sad that you take the NRA blood money and as a matter of fact hell has room for Republicans and the marjory Stoneman Douglas high school shooter. I fully blame you and your colleagues over gun violence in America
Mr Bloody Hands Rubio you insult the Christian religion by quoting the Bible.

Can point out to you. God does not make laws. Man does so this already a fools post.
The lies of your party are never ending, crushing our nation. The decree of your leader is ludicrous, emboldening the simple-minded. Reality 5:18
There will be poor people in the land. Therefore I command you to be openhanded toward your brothers and toward the poor and needy in your land. Deuteronomy 15:11
AMEN
Shut up Marco! Loose and go away!
Does the phrase separation of church and state ring a familiar bell?
Hey Melania! They sauté it He Cheated! He paid her off. Now everything else is going to come out! All the rest! Now we’ll find out who about who pissed in who pied!
Amén
then help Trump  - drain the swamp you need courage to put this bureaucracy in its place!!!
So you would sell one of your daughters into slavery?
This doesn't leave me with much confidence that you will govern with "SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE" pandering to christian base because thats all you have left #marcorubio #Rubio love how R's love to quote constitution except for the whole #SeparationOfChurchAndState #resign
Loved his acceptance speech!
Maybe your prayers could be between you and god? Or are you trying to lead us all in prayer?
Are you Born Again?
I am Always thankful #Senator, that you let the Spirit of the Lord guide you! 
And a bunch of smart high school kids with actual integrity, a trait you have never exemplified, are going to end your political career!

Blessed are the peacemakers .. bring our country together
You will never be President of this country!

You speak as tho you follow these words. In reality you have no idea what they mean.

Are you still a Roman Catholic?
MARCO .... TROLLO
MARCO.... TROLLO  !!
Amen
Fine if you are a believer. But I don't have a Lord. The only laws that apply are set by humans.
Yet another example of Rubio being a fraud and huckster.
WTF you evil evil person passing along scripture from the HOLY bible! So Wrong.
I think you meant @nra instead of LORD.
Does that include lying, guns and enriching oneself?
I wish the LORD would give you some friggin wisdom already
Gee @marcorubio aren't you thankful you are only accountable to answer God for your own actions ... too bad humans are less forgiving. I hope you hire someone to go through these tweets and replies for you. How discouraging.... take heart #notperfectjustforgiven
When U gone test this new evangelical approach on your constituents? The only seniors thats tweeting is trump, & pissy ass smelling, rudy G. all other geriatrics gone vote against you. U lack back bone,the youngens gone shit on U in Nov! Is this your new, future office? Preacher?
Amen, thank you Mr Senator
Shit up already

God.
Repeat: join the seminary. Get out of politics.
Weasel
Shut up
Oh oh Marco- for tomorrow, can you find a bible verse about spineless hypocrites following false prophets for personal gain? Thanks!
Do you eat shrimp?

If ever there was a simple person in need of wisdom...how YOU doin?
Just because the lord gives wisdom to the simple doesn’t make the simple smart enough to understand it  or use it wisely. It only says it was given. Doesn’t say it made them wise....case in point. Also the lord doesn’t always give backbones. #spineless

Fake Christian
Everyone please vote Nelson back in Nov.  We need the good Sen to continue. Since we're praying here, Omnipotens deus ora pro nobis. We need his help.
Church and state are supposed to be separate, you know. Republicans quoting bible verses without bursting into flames is proof that religion is largely hogwash.
I don’t get your Scripture tweets when I see you back biting any progress our country is making. Please stop or become a Pastor instead of a worthless Senator. All talk, no actin.
THAT IS A AWESOME VERSE SOMETIME READ 2 CORINTHIANS 5 THE ENTIRE CHAPTER ITS NOT LONGER THAN 1 3/4 PAGES
Hey, live and let live, right?
La ley de Jehová es perfecta, refresca el alma. El decreto de Jehová es digno de confianza, dando sabiduría a los simples. Salmos 19: 8

@marcorubio
Working on your next career and carnival revivalist? When do you start handling snakes?
Too bad republicans betrayed the lord for the pussygrabber
.
PHONY.  #VoteThemAllOut
Venezuela SOS.

Locote go to church practice your belief in freedom doesn’t destroy First Amendment
This is where your going
Amén
Correct!
I thank you, and President Trump, for standing up for Christianity.
I have personally felt, under the 8 years under Obama, that Christianity was under intense religious persecution.
We finally have, in my opinion the greatest president ever, that is protecting religious freedom.

35 over  politicians have signed the @noNRAmoney pledge in the past week @marcorubio would you like to be the first Republican to sign?
I thought David Hogg asked us not to talk about this as a republican or a democrat.  David sounds very democratic to me and just like a Soros employee
Your actions contradict your supposed “Christianity”. Stopeth the Bible verses on thy twitter feed.
When's your Town Hall in Hillsborough County?
Appropriate money for the wall.
Hypocrite
Wisdom to the “simple”? Like, seriously? Is that the mechanism in which you can justify your cruel treatment of immigrants, uneducated, and the poor?
Ok, sure Marco, you’re doing the Lords work 
Ye O Marco are the Hypocrite who knows not my glory. Repent! - Hezekiah 35:9
God bless you.
Psalms also says happy is the man who dashes infants’ heads against rocks, but okay.
you are warped
I wish politicians would remember that there is  SEPARATION BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE
Whatever happened to the separation from Church and State, Senator? If you want to preach, become a pastor.
Stop quoting bible and get back to work. Start DOING WHAT WE HIRED YOU TO DO!
#Idiot #yourfired #separationofchurchandstate #phoneychristian #faithofamustardseed

You're definitely simple. Wise, not so much. #youareawanker
And the legacy of MARCO is cowardice  —The people
$1.05

What a fraud
no, Joel Olsteen and Bennie Hinn are frauds ... Trump and Rubio are not

Which version of the Bible?
OMG!

How about you address the criminal in the White House?  Grow a spine lil Marco...
MARCO RUBIO,how long are you going to remain silent,if a man off God, you would give all that money      back, it's safe to say you're a supporter and puppet of the NRA AND THE KREMLIN.
Because that's what your followers are "simple"

Refreshing!
“Dear God, give me the courage to....  Well, just ANY courage will do” 
-Marco Rubio
#investigate
“And the devil who deceived them was thrown into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are also; and they will be tormented day and night forever and ever.” - Revelation 20:10
#haveFunInYourAfterLifeLittleMarco
the Bible does not say it, but my boss also tells me that there is a lake of ice
