If they even want outside investment? Do avocados and rubber trees go in Venezuela? If the USA was powered by the Beanie Baby bubble https://qz.com/114753/meet-the-family-who-lost-100000-when-the-beanie-baby-bubble-burst/ …
If not #fakenews I pay all these people when I fill my tank. Wholesale price pergal 4poor!
http://www.whoownsbigoil.com/#/?section=whoowns-the-oil-companies-2 …

So how much of what I am paying at the pump is socialism for the rich?
How about working to restore democracy right here at home, Senator. Trump clearly thinks he's got dictatorial powers and you, in the Senate, are doing nothing to counter him!
Investiguen a los Chávez,por ejemplo María Gabriela q vive en US y tiene embolsillados más de 4 mil millones de $ es injusto que esa malandra se este viviendo y gastando en lujos estúpidos el dinero q le pertenece a nuestros niños y ancianos desnutridos y enfermos! Merece cárcel!
Unsung hero? Mnuchin supports Russia over the U.S.
Hey @marcorubio & @stevenmnuchin1 you can start working with Canada’s gvnmt on @CachitosMTL. A business open in Montreal by dubious “investors”, coming from Chavez administration
porque no se meten en sus asuntos HIJOS DE PUTA¡¡¡ dejen a mi pais en PAZ. VENEZUELA se RESPETA asesinos de MIERDA
Idiota
Señor Rubio cuando piensan congelar la fortuna robada por Ma Gabriela Chávez y su genocida padre? Es una delincuente q viv con dinero de las arcas de Venezuela! Gracias!
attempts to intervene.

lperry@azauditor.gov

DAY 3515 of the Conservatorship of Fannie and Freddie- The Largest Gov't theft of all-time continues @MarkCalabria @stevenmnuchin1 @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @nick_ayers @mercedesschlapp @EliHMiller @vp @johnnydestefano @hogangidley45 @Scavino45 …
Not only you should track the stolen money. Also you should take out of your country and stop giving visas to any person that collaborate with the #MaduroRegime how can someone know if they are investigating and taking action in that matter?
Have you learned nothing from the same policy applied to Cuba? This strategy doesn’t work and only makes life worse for the people that need the most help. Maduro is in lock-step with Cuba. Sure he is inhumane, but is it not also to add to the suffering when we know the outcome?

DAY 3518 of the Conservatorship of Fannie and Freddie- The Largest Gov't theft of all-time continues @MarkCalabria @stevenmnuchin1 @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @nick_ayers @mercedesschlapp @EliHMiller @vp @johnnydestefano @hogangidley45 @Scavino45 …

https://mobile.twitter.com/JohnDee78791547/status/987663548754120705 …
Stevie knows all about corruption and seizing money. 
Yes indeed....
Great job but not heroic.
True!
The buildings at the Maricopa County Human Services Campus @ 204 S 12th Ave are being used by a despot from Syria to collect American money/tax credits to take over the state, and rapists working for the despot hinted  they'll get the woman below raped/prosecuted/fired if she

DAY 3519 of the Conservatorship of Fannie and Freddie- The Largest Gov't theft of all-time continues @MarkCalabria @stevenmnuchin1 @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @nick_ayers @mercedesschlapp @EliHMiller @vp @johnnydestefano @hogangidley45 @Scavino45 …
AT LEAST THANK YOU FOR HEARING OUR CALL AND OF COURSE, WE'LL THANK MORE THOSE REAL ACTIONS TO FINISH THIS REGIME
IT'S CONVENIENT TO VENEZUELA'S GOV TO BREAK US DOWN AND KEEPS US POOR IN ORDER TO CONTROL US THE MUCH BETTER.
WE HERE IN VENEZUELA ARE DYING EVERYDAY DUE TO FAMINE AND SHORT OF MEDICAL ATTENTION. GOV DOESN'T CARE A BIT.
PRESENTLY HERE IN VENEZUELA WE ARE ALL UNSUNG HEROES, SINCE WE ARE BARELY STANDING THIS TRAGEDY OF GOV. ""HELP""
Gracias Senador, Sr Secretario;  por favor, estructuren cuanto antes la intervención militar a Venezuela... estamos muriendo literalmente... los ciudadanos honestos de Vzla necesitamos urgentemente de su ayuda... estaremos siempre con ustedes.
Marco you should be nominated as secretary of state.
coñoooo que esperan para intervenir militarmente el país pana son el último recurso q Venezuela tiene
His Excellency Senator Mark Rubio, receive a warm greeting from Venezuela, a question has been related to documents requiring border to exit the Venezuelan example passport? Thank you, God will bless you.

DAY 3520 of the Conservatorship of Fannie and Freddie- The Largest Gov't theft of all-time continues @MarkCalabria @stevenmnuchin1 @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @nick_ayers @mercedesschlapp @EliHMiller @vp @johnnydestefano @hogangidley45 @Scavino45 …
https://www.google.com/search?client=ms-android-att-aio-us&source=android-browser&ei=_-HhWqKcIYHmjwOVh4SYDA&q=+az+auditor+general+social+media&oq=+az+auditor+general+social+media&gs_l=mobile-gws-serp.3...44577.52671..53565...0....229.2239.0j12j2..........1..mobile-gws-wiz-serp.......0j35i39j33i22i29i30j0i22i30j33i160.VijJuJ7jwEw%3D#istate=lrl:iv&rlimm=4773351715049691943 …

DAY 3516 of the Conservatorship of Fannie and Freddie- The Largest Gov't theft of all-time continues @MarkCalabria @stevenmnuchin1 @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @nick_ayers @mercedesschlapp @EliHMiller @vp @johnnydestefano @hogangidley45 @Scavino45 …
We could use a few of those heroes in the US to save our democracy from trump and the GOP.  You certainly aren't one. #VoteThemAllOut
You are against democracy in America why
Worry about FL or resign you are useless
F him. His is filth. King of foreclosure.
Nothing to do in america so let's all go south. Are you running for their president too??
Steven Mnuchin is the 77th Secretary of the Treasury and the first one with tights, a cape and can leap tall buildings.
thank you
Lol Marco is a complete stooge for Trump now even after all the nastiness. What a loser!
When the fuck will you track corruption here? Wait, sorry. When you're part of the corruption you can't track it.
Stop. Just stop.
How about restoring democracy right here in the United States.
Infinitas gracias a usted Senador, que Dios y  la Virgen lo llenen de bendiciones, gracias por su apoyo al pueblo de Venezuela
He’s a very smart guy!
Si! Grandioso!!! 
Palabras de agradecimiento se quedaría cortas, su apoyo no solo a sido con declaraciones, constantemente toma acciones y gestiones que ayudan a restablecer la democracia en mi país se que pronto nosotros con la ayuda int lo vamo a lograr! Abajo totalitarios comunistas y Narcos!
Insanity!
S.O.S VENEZUELA @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump
Really? How do you explain then, the hundreds of chaviztas and those who enriched themselves working for the regime, living the good life in the US with money stolen from Venezuela? Visas for taxes?
Wish you would do the same here and not just for me
Steve Mnuchin a hero?.... a fighter for democracy?.... You suck little Marcos.... how low can you go?... you kiss Trump's feet like no other Senator....
Great, but @stevenmnuchin1 @POTUS @MickMulvaneyOMB @larry_kudlow have yet to release Fannie & Freddie from the fraud Conservatorship Obama used 2 fleece Shareholders of BILLIONS 2 illegally subsidize Obamacare! Pls end ~10yrs of Govt corruptionRepublic!
I hope US will do the same to the stolen money from Chinese commie officials!
Awesome...maybe you guys can work on restoring Democracy in America....
First restore order in ur own house. RECAP, RELEASE & RELIST d GSES instead of continuing d fraud perpetrated by @BarackObama. Remove d log from ur eye before u try to remove d speck from ur brother's eye, #fanniegate is d biggest heist in history, shareholders need justice now
Why don’t you talk to the leftist Castro-loving  leaders of El Salvador and Mexico that you support so much.
Felicito al Presidente de Cuba, Miguel Díaz-Canel y ratifico nuestra decisión de continuar fortaleciendo las relaciones de hermandad y cooperación entre nuestros gobiernos y pueblos. 
We should be overinvolved in our own hemisphere
But dont say anything bout Hodnuras since that is a MADE IN THE USA Dictator. Keep backing with TXMny.He needs his arms to keep killing.I doesnt matter that your Dictator after being accused of Crimes Agn Humanity(One of many CHRGS) also has impunity by US
Thanks senator Marco Rubio and Mr. Secretary for helping to restore democracy in Venezuela. Stopping Maduro and his regime will help to reduce the illegals drugs  in South Florida. Venezuela regime is allegedly linked to international drugs cartels distribution.
Mr Rubio is right...SO THANKS A LOT Mr MNUCHIN FOR HELPING VENEZUELA TO GET OUR DEMOCRACY BACK..WE DO APPRECIATE ALL YOU ARE DOING FOR US!!!
We the Venezuelan ppl that crave freedom appreciate the work you ve been doing to help us in whatever way you can, best wishes
Who cares
$1.05
I’m more worried about Republican corruption in this country.  Protect Mueller.
The Yankee bullies are back in almost full force in South America again and with it the murder of innocent people. Take a look at Honduras and see the results
Hypocrite
Thank god the Republicans are tracking corruption... at least corruption not committed by elected Republican officials and Putin. Funny, huh?
Now what do you plan on doing about America’s corrupt regime?

Sorry, but Professor Munchkin and his wife Greedy Girl, are far from being admitted to the pantheon of heroes. First they’d have to qualify as humans...
Ban the damn guns!!!!! Stop distracting!!!!!
Not “ONE” word from you about all the courageous young people today. NRA got your tongue ????
#columbine Marquito.
$1.05 is what you care about. 
#neveragain 
#votethemout
I hope just as many track the corruption that is eating the Republican Party and America.
Is restoring democracy in a foreign country really something we should be wasting money on? This is why you’re not president.
this guy? 
He's a criminal who stole homes from veterans. Get your head and priorities straight.
#NRABloodMoney
Translation:  "I'm going to deflect and get some of this heat off of me because people are still in shock that I couldn't bullshit a kid on television. I still need votes to get out of this shit storm coming in November!"

GUAYABA Y CHOCOLATE, ESTE RESTAURANT EN MIAMI  es de  María Waleska Vivas Mendoza junto a su prima a Alejandra Bigai  – hija de Alí Rodríguez Araque (ex presidente de PDVSA y actual embajador de Venezuela en Cuba). Y FUE MONTADO CON EL DINERO ROBADO AL  PUEBLO VENEZOLANO.
Por favor le solicitamos su apoyo para que nos ayude a recuperar ese Dinero del Pueblo Venezolano, que usufructan mafias chavista, a costa del hambre y muerte de millones de Venezolanos. Agradecemos su total apoyo al Pueblo de Vzla. Dios lo siga Bendiciendo cada dia.

How is Trump a traitor?
Spoken like a true Trump Trollbot. Reported

CON SUBTITULOS EN ESPAÑOL! Aquí mi discurso en el Parlamento Europeo: https://www.facebook.com/GloriaAlvarez/videos/2085944291421717/ …

Para que los subtítulos estén con y sin sonido, hay…
NOVEMBER!!!!!
HEY MARCO; WHEN WILL YOU DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL; ANOTHER SCHOOL SHOOTING TODAY; HOW MUCH BLOOD HAS TO FLOW
Maybe worry about THIS country’s democracy that your follow @GOP goons have no desire to stand up for.
My God, have you no self-respect. You are selling your soul to a man who is anti-ethical to the scripture you send daily.
Either you don’t believe the scripture or you love power more than God.
How about you and Mnuchin follow the corruption in WH and EPA.And was it ok for Mnuchin & wife to use government funds to see the solar eclipse.Senator: Do your job and follow the $ at WH admin.
the people who believe ur lies are the ppl who can't see the truth.
Dayum can you send me one without the hair on the way, u r smoking
GOP BULL$HIT ALERT #TrumpBrandGRIFTERS #ComplicitGOP
Hey wake up and start worrying about the US and the Mobster in our WH.

It's very respectful and appropriate of you to refer to @stevenmnuchin1  by his professional title. It's unfortunate that Secretary Mnuchin chooses to refer to Ambassador Haley as "Nikki" during media interviews. But...she's just a woman. #metoo #womenempowerment
Munchkin is a tRump . Nothing more.
Great, @stevenmnuchin1 is the one to talk to about Puerto Rico, since he's the one who makes things happen. PR going through black out, scarcity of medicine, broken infrastructure, help needed.
He’s also one of the unsung heroes who has helped screwed working Americans over for corporate greed.

Ex-Forbes reporter says Trump posed as spokesman, lied to him to embellish wealth – FOX 61 http://fox61.com/2018/04/20/ex-forbes-reporter-says-trump-posed-as-spokesman-lied-to-him-to-embellish-wealth/ …
How about we track the money Scott Pruitt is spending! How about @GOP put an end to Lobbyists and taking money from NRA.  Let’s put an end to our own corrupt government officials!
What about Trump's corruption, money into his properties by foreign governments?
No heroes in your party. Only corrupt politicians looking to profit from their positions.
... Venezuelans have NO words of appreciation for all this people who are helping our country RESTORE OUR DEMOCRACY... THANK YOU!
Senator Rubio .@marcorubio and Mr. Mnuchin .@stevenmnuchin, hundreds of Maduro's Regimen  deserters are living in the State of Florida with the stolen money from the Venezuelan people.
Many of them commits horrible Humans Rights violations-
Yes the Senator of Venezuela, @marcorubio hard at work for his people#MAGA #Americafirst#clown
LONG OVERDUE!

Worry what is going on with this Administration.
Key word here is Citgo! Company that Trump has major stock in. Funny how that works. The master of money laundering. This was a planned leak to take the focus off Trumps attempt to manipulate Rosenstein's reputation so  he can fire him & use it for an excuse. You're trumps Patsy!
Restore our democracy here in our country.

@marcorubio is a POS person who is NOT a Christian...he is a dirty money hungry crook! #AnotherSchoolShooting 
#Ocala
School shooting in Ocala Fl. If a kids life is worth $1.05. How much is an ankle worth??
Another SCHOOL SHOOTING in Ocala, FL!! YOU POS who would rather take dirty blood  money from the NRA than save kids lives!! You make me sick!
O. M. G. You’re both ridiculous. Your crimes are being exposed and you’re still trying to pretend it’s business as usual. Enjoy it while you can. It’ll be prison for you soon.
Let's restore democracy in the US. Time to end gerrymandering, the Electoral College, and to impeach the illegitimate "president."
How about restoring power to #PuertoRico?
you tweet about Venezuela every day. When was the last time you tweeted about Florida?
No Godly quote? He is no hero and you need to stop aligning yourself with people who have no conscience. And if you wanna track money, maybe you should start with what @stevenmnuchin1 and Pruitt spend with our taxpayer money.
You should go back to helping coke dealing realative not be disqualified for jobs and give Steve a lift back to wherever he tortures children for fun. Neither of you miscreants will be missed.
Go Fidel Castro! Hahahaha! Kidding. Seriously? Ask help from people like Greenspan. Or like Paulson....they have bananas too in Russia!
How about joining the ranks in congress who are fighting to bring back democracy in your own country!!!
Rubio - "One of the unsung heroes in the effort to restore democracy in #Venezuela"

Translation - I sure as hell don't have the courage to protect the democracy in the USA. I won't stand up to Trump and his attacks on our institutions.
Since when do we have democracy in the U.S.?
Marco Rubio: the more important the position the less lattitude we should give. Sec state. NASA the more important the position the more lattitude we should give. Marco Rubio democracy terrorist. Logic molester.

Marco Rubio picks up hometown president walking toward a school with a bunch of guns and gives him a ride there. Then acts shocked when a bunch of kids are dead. He really has 0 business advising on democracy. He's a democracy terrorist.
Have you returned the millions from the NRA yet?
What a joke.  Steve is a con artist.
@CarmenYulinCruz isn't this regime that you support, while you walk down the street with a terrorist!
Is Munchin going to be forced to give back the millions he stole when his company robo-closed on millions of homeowners!?
You are officially out of your mind.
You have something brown on your nose
Are you talking about Mnuchin- the guy that has uses our tax dollars like his personal piggy bank? 

You are out of touch Marco. You are kissing the asses on the wrong side of history.
We are all still looking for some unsung Republican heroes to save our Democracy here in the U.S. are you ready to step up and put country over Party yet@marcorubio
Senator you are corrupted by Russian Rosneft investments in this country’s gas and oil.   We are watching #RussianRubio
Its worth $5 you must be Briton
Yo como venezolano siempre estaré agradecido por toda la valiosa ayuda que las personas de ésta gran nación, los Estados Unidos de América, están brindando a Venezuela en pro de la recuperación su orden y libertad. Gracias!
One of the unsung heroes in the effort to restore democracy in USA is #RobertMueller since  U & the @GOP refuse to do ur jobs and r complicit  money grubbing #Traitors 
#TheResistance
The Venezuelans seeking asylum for most part should get it. These are good people that will assimilate easily to American culture. They have had a taste of socialism and it tastes terrible. Many are college educated middle class that fled a tyrant in maduro.
Why do the same in the White House
Who is going to track US corruption? If only the GOP had some authority .
Stuff it Rubio. Everyone hates your slimy guts. And Mnuchin is just as slimy a sleaze ball as you. Resign and go away.
Waste of Time, Communist Socialists never relinquish power due outside pressure.The Soviet Union turning back into Russia is Still a Communist Dictatorship Camouflaged as a "Democracy". Democrates follow the Communist Socialist playbook on keeping Political Power & Military Power
Can’t you see Puerto Rico from your house?
That’s great Senator Rubio. What are you guys doing from keeping the socialists at Goldman Sachs from propping up the Maduro regime with billions of dollars?
Have they checked @stevenmnuchin1 bank accounts?
Pdte.:
Sen. Rubio:

It is important to remember that the stolen money is property of the Venezuelan people, not the well-dressed, first-class travelling opposition members who grovel around begging to be installed in Maduro's place. The Lima Summit was about tackling corruption.
Why dont you two Mercer hacks start tracking US corruption? Start with yourselves, and with Zinke and Pruitt. #russianpuppetregime
Corruption in Venezuela. Jesus Christ.
Thanks for all the support @marcorubio also the trump administration, what we living it’s insane and sick. #Prayforvenezuela
#ShitUpRubio #UNELECTrubio #UNELECTtheGOP

we have a wannabe dictator in the WH, maybe you could do something about him
The #SwapASocialist door is always open for anyone wanting to experience their utopia in Venezuela.
You were worried about the Democracy he would stop this. #CountryOverParty

Just when I didn't think you could sink any lower......
Agree
I cannot wait till you are gone 
Say it with me: President Rubio. Has a nice ring to it doesn’t it.
You spineless twit.

Your ignorance is amazing.  I keep thinking you can't get worse, but you do.

Resign, your time in The Senate is over
Steve Mnuchin is a horrible human and an Israeli.
Let’s begin by restoring democracy in the United States. Afterwards we can help VZ.
Hey, how's the Russian sanctions going, coward?
Shut up
We need #GunReformNow
