In #UsVsThem @ianbremmer gets it right about Trump voters. They “aren’t stupid or mean spirited.” They just feel that “that too many politicians care more about universal ideals than about American workers & families.” It is a great disservice to America to ignore these concerns
...defining yourself in opposition to those of us who place a premium on inclusion, compassion and decency."  He didn't add the caveat: unless one disagrees with our political views.  I know nobody likes to see it or read it about themselves, but it's the truth.
As a liberal: I realize that Trump voters don't like admitting this to themselves, but they enthusiastically voted for and still overwhelmingly support an authoritarian bully who ran on at-best-thinly-veiled promises to stomp on people I care about & followed through in office.
Where's this authoritarianism you speak of?
Dude ran on promises to deport minorities- which he has been making good on- and have his opponent jailed. Since he’s been elected, bullying and threats directed at anyone he doesn’t like have been a regular feature of his deranged twitter feed.
Maybe you’d see more of this if you stepped outside the rightwing media bubble.
You've failed to rationally back up "authoritarian".
“My opponents in the election should be jailed,” “Jeff Bezos should be punished because the WaPo is insufficiently unciritial of me,” and “investigations of me, my friends, and my family members should end because I say so” are all authoritarian positions, full stop.
Are these statements "positions" or political rhetoric. You're not very objective.
As a liberal: I realize that Trump voters don't like admitting this to themselves, but they enthusiastically voted for and still overwhelmingly support an authoritarian bully who ran on at-best-thinly-veiled promises to stomp on people I care about & followed through in office.
I'm sorry if "a bunch of people you care about shouldn't be allowed to use the bathroom in public spaces" isn't a position i'm willing to debate.
It takes a special kind of oblivious politician to bloviate about coastal elites, while lending unquestioning support to an affluent failure with no previous public service. But that’s just the kind of leadership we’ve come to expect from today’s GOP.
What failure?
Putting aside the failed businesses and bankruptcies before his presidency, there’s also:

 Tariff/trade war failure
 Border wall failure
 Bugdet deficit failure
 Failure to release tax returns as promised
 Failure to react to a nation that attacked our democracy
Trump is a billionaire. You're not being objective.

 We're not in a trade war *yet*
 Border requires Congress
 Since when do you care about deficits? 
 tax returns? lol, you're scraping the barrel.
 "Attacked" lol. Russia has always meddled. Sanctions exist.
Wow. A lot wrong here, but let’s see what I have time to respond to:

(1) He’s not a billionaire. He may say he is, but he’s been caught several times lying about his finances. And yes, there are tapes:
1982. lol
“Trump has lied in the past, so it’s therefore not true that he’s lying now”

Is this seriously the argument you want to go with, oh fair and objective one who totally isn’t making excuses?
It's speculation.
Your as bad her painting many Democrats as elites.
I didn't even know she was Canadian before this. I wonder if Castro Jr will send her to #camp for reprogramming. 
Marco, as an independent who once thought about giving you my vote for the presidency of this great nation I don't think I follow.
Many regret voting for Trump and the popular vote went to Hilary, not him. History will be the judge and your comments right along with it.
I have no problem admitting that I am past attempting to engage their selfish, bigoted asses in meaningful conversation. If you think I am alone in that admission, you're not paying attention.

Also, you disgust me.
why does trump have over 4000 lawsuits
and over 150 now as president

Sorry but I think you are jumping the gun 8 of those years I can think of 5 without even trying. We will see after muhler get through if there are more convections. Hilary is cooked bet she rolls on obama to save her own skin.
Marco you're so right dude! It's nuts that people would draw a line at associating with others who support someone who:

1 - is a pathological liar
2 - is morally unfit 
3 - is racist
4 - is a con
5 - is owned by Russia

Damn those lefty elites and their high falootin' standards!
I totally agree with her...
NO DECENT good man would have EVER EVEN thought about voting for such a disgusting evil human being as trump......A man with high morals was INSTANTLY repulsed by trump
trump supporters have a black soul destined for HELL
He is totally dishonest, in every sentence he vomits out.  That's why @RepJimJordan sounded crazy saying he never heard Trump lie.  The whole state of CA shook for a second when they laughed at Jordan.
Dishonest, that is interesting, seeing he is one of the few presidents who has continued to try & accomplish the things he promised during his campaign. He brings them up at his rallies. What he has accomplished, what he has fell short on and what he is continuing to push for.
Pursuing his agenda yes, but are the things he said specific (what was hyperbole?), and is what he does a good solution? Remember the Deepwater Horizon catastrophe? He's undoing regulations to keep that from happening? The 2008 financial crisis? Banks/Wall St. can do it again!
He did not get rid of all regulations. He got rid of business killing regulations. Many of the regulations he got rid of were ridiculous and only hurt businesses doing business in this country.
Don't even listen to this Bot.  People are dead right now because of cutting mining regulations.  Did an idiot like Trump think that years of regulations weren't necessary because he said so?  AFTER HE FAILED TO PUT SPRINKLERS IN A HIGH RISE??
The high rise was grandfathered in. No sprinklers were installed when it was built and code didn't require them. He lived there, so he is at least not a hypocrite. As for a bot, go back to your group think and try and come back with a thought of your own.
I blazed Leonard Pitts and that coward blocked me. Leave Shania alone and come at me!
Don't you love cowards!

Poor Shania...I know 63 million records she WON’T be selling any time soon! She must be upset nobody wants to hear from her or engage in her nonsense.
Why carry water for a man who calls you little Marco?
Spot on. Rubio and Cruz are puppets.
He has something on them and he’s pulling every lever he has.
Something. Agreed. Or offers neither can refuse nor their families. Understand?
It’s the only way he knows to make a deal.
I call BS.

The @GOP does not want to give up their power and money. Has nothing to do with party or ideals.

It is greed and and I don't give a about anyone else.

Those who support the illegitimate squatter have the same ideals as him.
Marco stop trying to suck up to Trump. This is exactly why you will never be President.
Shit up Lil Marco!
Really little Rubio .... if your ok with the Donald totally destroying your self esteem and backing his every whim .... the please don’t call yourself a man .... more like a little boy
No we hate the ones who voted for him, look what he is doing to our country. You stand by and let him destroy not only our country but the Republican Party, they are leaving in droves, join them why don’t you!
You should be so proud senator! This is what you support!
That would be great if any of your “facts” were true.  Here is the truth: Lowest unemployment in decades, biggest tax cut in history, reduced regulation, roaring economy and a safer planet with North Korea disarming.  Be thankful...we could have Hillary and we would be screwed
Took a screenshot of this tweet. Also, this is the guy who savaged you personally - mocking you about your physical appearance - this is the guy you defend tonight?  What does that say about you sir?
Talk about dumb comments from Shania? You really messed things up with your little speach and you should correct yourself. I don't make millions of dollars so when I get back some that I wasn't expecting it helps out my family.
Thanks for considering me to be an elite! I have no tolerance for bigoted shitbags like Trump, or those who support him. YMMV.
No you have no tolerance for any views different than your own. Theres a difference. What you are doing by name calling someone else is the same thing you say Trump is doing. So tell me again how you are better than 63 million voters
I'm better because I'm smart enough to recognize a man who is so emotionally inept that he'd rather ignore foreign influence in our election than risk any notion that he didn't win legitimately. He's fragile. You might call him a "beta".
Who was president in 2016? If there was foreign influence why didn't your precious Obama do anything about it then? And 63 million voters can't think for themselves?
He should have told McConnell to fuck himself, and released the report. I agree. 63 million voters can think for themselves, just not with much of a world view beyond their cultural bubbles.
Else have better than you? No you don't.
I teach my kids not to be afraid of people with different religious beliefs or nationalities. Mostly, I teach them how to avoid being conned by feckless betas like Trump.
Ha. No one is afraid of anyone with different religious beliefs but I guess you are completely ok with those same radicals with those religious beliefs coming here to kill us. You are completely okay with that right?
27% of eligible voters voted for Trump.

I do believe a quarter of the nation hit it wrong.

He is a sexist, racist, bigot who is out for himself only.

@marcorubio you have no spine.
You are just too dumb to even be taken seriously
Really it seems to me you party and Trump care only about big business and donors My husband and are seniors who daily your party says our Social Security we worked for should be striped and give to your donors
I think you should take a long hard look in the mirror before you make those kind of accusations. Have you seen what’s going on with the Democratic Party lately? Unbelievable
Smh
 exactly
It took you this long to respond back? LMAO 
#TROLL
#IBlockTrollsAndTools
Mark Rubio I hope that you're going to retire also
He called you little Marco.
You made fun of his hands.
He made fun of a disabled reporter.
The Billy bush tape.
Shithole countries.

You've supported him every step of the way.

Please dont play the moral compass card.
Mike while I love your show midday one 98.1! I respect you as well but you like the rest of the sheep base your opinions on straight bs. I did 8 years in the marine corps. With a fairly high clearance. The media all media give you only the information that helps their agenda.
So...You're saying we shouldn't trust the media? This goes for Fox news too, right? Meaning their agenda is to make foreign people look completely evil? I mean, if I'm not to believe the news, that means Trump hasn't done squat for this country. Which I agree with. He hasn't.
Really?  Nothing for this country?  Biggest tax cut in history, reduced regulation, a roaring economy, low unemployment across all groups and North Korea disarming.  In one year he is fixing all the stuff Obama’s screwed up.  Go Trump!!!!
First they start with the political correctness and then slowly take away your freedom of speech.  This has all been planned and it is a war of socialism/communism versus capitalism.   We are in the middle of a war and we do not even know it.  You better do your research people!
I see it, the left who thinks they are so liberal and welcoming to communist like policies, don’t realize we’ve been free throughout history because we’ve fought it against it. #Cuba #Venezuela #Nicaragua have enslaved and censored their people!
No, it does not state that. Do you think Trump is an honest person? I can show you 2,000 videos or things he said that were categorically untrue. He is indeed an inveterate liar. The writer said Shania's statement was dumb because she thought Trump was honest.
And many of them are socialists /communists and do not openly admit to it.  No they would rather run as a Democrat so as to deceive the American people.  They have been organizing in the U.S. for over 100 years and are now coming out of the woodworks and they still don't admit it
Funny, y’all ignore the 66 million of us who voted for Hillary. You ignore your constituents on the daily.  You honestly expect us do give a damn about some one calling out Trump supporters for the bigots that they are?
No, they're not.
That doesn’t even make sense. Try again.
Trump insults, berates, belittles and humiliates anyone and everyone at will. That doesn't even include his attack on our constitution, laws, and democracy. Of course people hate him...he earned it. The only question is, why doesn't everyone.
When and how did he attack the constitution.  Be specific. I’ll bet you can’t
Define “elites”. Is it it rich people who are not in touch with the general population and look out only for their own? That sounds a lot like the #Republican Congress..
U r spreading more hate by labeling the left as elites. Doesn’t make elitist to want safer gun laws,environmental protection, women’s rights,LGTBQ rights, fighting racism.All valid concerns.I don’t think Trump voters are dumb,just don’t think they realized how selfish he truly is
Concur, except I think there really are a substantial number of trumpers that truly are racists, white supremacists, and Nazi.  There are also a number of politicians, e.g. Rubio, who will side with them to keep that money and power regardless of how he hurts the country.
How many you figure? 30..40..50.. a 100 million racists/white supremacist Nazis?
..well professor ?
Rubio - 1; You - 1. That is a start. Since ~60 million voted for him, that might be the upper limit.
Nice try at Transference ..It's not too late to find the truth ..do some research ..and if you dare get a copy of @DineshDSouza 's book 'THE BIG LIE'..and of course 'Gander' by @Debradelai will REALLY open your tunnel vision..good luck and #MAGA #Trump2020 
DSouza? That guy is so dis-credited his Mother denies having him. If he is your source, you are a lost cause. Good bye
Who's your primary brain washer..@funder ? @washingtonpost ?
@Morning_Joe ? @TheView ? @AdamSchiffCA ? @RepMaxineWaters ?
@NancyPelosi ? @BernieSanders ? ..stop me if I'm getting warm..
Sad, sad little trumper.  I read and watch and listen, then analyze. I'd write more but I assume you have a cross to go burn someplace. This will be my last communication. Sad, sad little trumper.
This country is divided by people like this. I felt like she does when Obama won but I accepted it and prayed for his success. His success was the country’s success.
Nope.  There’s a difference between supporting a President you just don’t agree with & a racist, lying, cheating con man who disgraces the office every day and sexually assaults women.  I didn’t vote for either Bush, but they get my respect.  Trump deserves nothing.
Seriously. Sexually assaults women? What women? Do you know what asssult means? Lying? Cheating? Back this up with more than CNN sources and emotion. And a racist? How? Again. Facts. Not parroting others opinion pieces. Real evidence. Waiting.
Neither do you arm rebels, give Iran $, sell guns to cartels, tell Russians you’ll be more flexible after election, spy on private citizens, jail journalists & flip flop more times on issues than you see in a pancake house. Did you know Obama? Liberals. 
Ohhhh, you’re one of those people who believes everything Sean Hannity says.  That explains so much!  Well, please enjoy wasting your time waiting for all those hilarious lies to be proven true.  The rest of us sane people in the real world will be enjoying Trump’s demise. 
Don’t  watch him or any Fox news. Do you? I face reality and know that emotional reactions are a dime a dozen. Factual statements, not so much. Remember, his demise affects our country. Sad that Kimmel and CNN are the mainstay if liberals. 
why do you continue to tweet? I'm just going to assume you're gonna get dunked on and the ratio on this one will be solid. come on man.
You do understand that Trump was backed by “commies”, correct? Why does not resonate with the right any longer? It is astonishing.
Hi could I remind you about Colin Kaepernick
Kaepernick is a national disgrace
You are a non-patriotic person. Against the USA and what it stands for.
at least i stand for the national anthem and don't use my RACE as an excuse!
Marco, 65,794,399 voted  voted for secretary Clinton that's 3,000,000 more than trump got, we Should  be heard! Sounds like wrong person sitting in oval - I mean at that  hotel in Florida.
Dont forget to subtract the illegals and fraudulent votes. I mean let's at least be fair instead of repeating talking points
hahahaha.  Or shall we also add the suppressed and uncounted votes in North Carolina and Wisconsin, Michigan, pennsylvania...puhlease- get your f'ing magat outta here you've got nothing.
You are aware that they stopped the recount in Mich after they kept finding more votes than voters in Detroit districts? Face it, they rigged the election and the bitch still lost 
Michigan had just gotten started on recount - you do not know anything that's accurate so no need to reply. She won by over 3 million votes numb nuts- trumpRussia
And it makes you soooo angry huh? Is it possible for a liberal to get any more emotional? Its killing you huh? That mean Mr Trump hurt you bad, right? God bless our POTUS
You're a minor courtier at the palace of a man who daily attacks decent competent people in embarrassing tantrums in front of the world. When your president called you 'Little Marco' he wasn't referring to your height, he was referring to the amount of dignity you have remaining.
Guess what you are?
I've tried MANY times to engage with tRUmpers & am willing to discuss the facts with them any time. The problem is that they live in an alternate universe where facts, reality & logic have no place. And they actually BELIEVE the #FauxNewsPropagandaNetwork
You still believe in Russian collusion.
Collusion is obvious, in plain sight. Russian intel makes contacts w/ many of tRUmp's people, from Papa to Page. tRUmp Tower mtg followed immediately by his request to hack HRC's emails.

But the POINT is that tRUmp has been a money launderer for the Russian mob for decades.
PapaD and Page "tRUmp's people", lol. Trump Tower mtg curried no results. When did "maybe the Russian's have emails" become "request to hack"? 

You have proof of this money laundering.

You're proof rabies exist.
5. Flynn & Jared lie on their SF-86 forms. UAE "forgets" to tell Obama about mtg in US to set up Seychelles mtg. Manafort & Gates lie to FBI. Cohen lies to FBI. Junior lies about 2016Jun mtg. WHY DO THEY ALL LIE ABOUT RUSSIA?
I would like to thank you for improving my position in Alcoa.
Not an elite or elitist. Still think people who voted for and support a man who believes Nazis are good people, admits to sexual assault and is openly supporting a foreign power who attacked our country are bad people.
You're not objective.
As a leftist non-elite, I wholly agree we should not hear a peep from you or your ilk ever.
Why?
Isn't  it obvious?
No, thats the reason for the Why?
@GOP has rolled over and let Trump and his merry band of idiots take their best shots at destroying our democratic institutions and further marginalizing the vulnerable and disadvantaged. That they haven't been more successful is more thanks to Trump's ineptitude than anything.
I guess I dont see from what I read you say he's done any facts or examples, or if it's just what you think.
This is where I don't understand how you CAN'T see it. It's in news stories about him and his Cabinet every single day. Like, if you don't know what I'm talking about, I don't even know where or how to begin.
Sorry to0 vague, I guess I don't see where you are talking about I hear conspiracy theories and opinions but no fact or proof. Trust me Im not Naive to this. I was a voter for Clinton (1 term) and Obama. I feel the same with all the info coming out with Dossier and piling proof.
So you’re ok with the fact that you got beat by the trash person you repeatedly called out during the campaign because party politics?
Also, just because a large number of people have demonstrably toxic opinions does not automatically qualify those opinions as reasonable. Not all speech is worth giving a platform to.
YEAH! Especially when it ends in a preposition. Haha jk.
That's so funny, I considered rewriting that specifically because I was writing on your comment.
It's actually perfectly acceptable the way it is haha just giving you a hard time
I like that now we're just taking @marcorubio's account along on the most trivial tangent. It mirrors his career perfectly.
Calling people “haters”? This, mixed with attacking the media and you’re trying really hard to be Trump.

You’ll still never be president.
Marco Rubio wants those MAGA racists to love him as they love Trump. Only one little problem...
You can’t court Hispanics by tweeting in Spanish and also pretend not to be Hispanic at the same time?
He'll dye his hair blond and wear blue contacts.
And change his name to Marcus Blonde. Rubio literally means blonde.
ha! He would have made such a better dancer than a cowardly politician.
…All signs point to no.
Is that a cheerleader audition? Wow, he just sucks at everything!
But Sunday is church time
Haters driven by fear, just can’t accept the progress we are making towards a stable economy, low unemployment and safer laws for our citizens. They want chaos and discord so they can justify their sick and  twisted narrative.   They lost and they can’t cope with the reality.
Can't argue with the truth.
The majority voted for Clinton not trump...you yourself called trump a lier and then..YOU RUBIO WERE PAID OFF AND BECAME COMPLICIT
Oh please. Many millions voted against Clinton and would have even voted for your sorry sack against her.  But those who voted FOR trump, and support him now are disgusting and ruinous. Grow a set and stand against bad policy. And enough with hypocritical Bible verses.
Rounding up the numbers I see. Sorta like your man heels.
This well known Florida senator states very clearly that his constituents don’t matter by continuing to be a @NRA rent boy and that they should not be heard from or engaged in dialogue in Town Halls because they “heckle and scream” #doyourjob #ParklandStrong
What did the NRA do?
I don't think Rubio read the article.
Which is why no one representing over half the country, @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats, was invited to an official state dinner with our Nation's ally France. Because @potus is so clearly ready to hear the voices of the majority of people (he LOST popular vote).
Or did they decline?
Thanks for pointing me to that. I agreed with the writer in every way. 

It is not about politics, it is about values. 

And why you suck up to him, I will never understand
Because Marco cares more about winning than the U.S. Constitution.
Oh, yeah. I need to remember to think more like a selfish opportunist 
#ResignNow #Useless #Coward #VoteAgainst ALL @GOP #RemoveTrumpFmOffice
Gosh....I don’t believe it was an elite who said this:
I disagree with Donald Trump's latest proposal. His habit of making offensive and outlandish statements will not bring Americans together.
Twain apologized because she realized Trump's values didn't align with hers and that, also, he's a pathological liar, which you noted in your campaign against him. Now, you've become his tool. Congrats! #PunkedbyTrump
Suppressing speech is dangerous and a symptom of backward thinking .
She’s a Canadian who sings and is not eligible to vote. Why should anyone care?
Senator, please close your mouth as your spine may escape your body.
If not haters we can certainly identify them as morally bankrupt.
If you backed Killery you can't.
Very mature

The author of that piece is a simple minded loser of the highest order.
Too many of the "elites on the left" want to make us believe Trump voters voted for him out of "economic anxiety" and not bigotry. So, once again, you've got it exactly wrong.
“Elites on the left”?
Isn't that censorship and violation of first ammendment? Nazi Germany did same thing. Wake up America!

Murica 
Would you have engaged in dialogue with those who supported Hitler?  Why don’t you put your bible down and try being part of the solution.  As it stands, history will not be kind to you.
If you think Trump is Hitler you should read a book.
U couldn’t stand @realDonaldTrump but now ur willing to kiss his ass 
shutup Marco
In fairness, you're all pretty dumb.
How can you quote scripture in one tweet and support America’s biggest bully (Trump) in the next?  A man who mocks people with disabilities?A man who solicits grabbing women by the pu$$y?A man who nicknames anyone who crosses his path like “little Marco”?
Move to Canada Rubio!!!
“America's crisis in civic literacy, political polarization, rampant anti-intellectualism, deeply embedded sexism and racism, greed, broken schools & weakened democratic institutions, a public sphere where people confuse celebrity with human worth,” helped Trump into the WH.”
If I was a republican, pro life, against undocumented immigrants etc. and Trump ran for president, him having the same stance as me on all these issues, I STILL wouldn’t vote for him. He is a RACIST, and I would rather put my views aside than have a RACIST in the White House.
did anyone see who stole Marco Rubio’s balls?
Finally we have a President who is actually doing great things for our country.  I am proud to be a TRUMP supporter.
Isn't this what Hitler did years ago? Shout down and keep any opposing voices beat down? Strange how many Alt Left Socialist Liberal Dem follow this same pattern.
@MiamiHerald We live in a wonderful country full of a diversity of people, cultures, and opinions. It appears that your writers opinion of the Americans who voted for the President is filled with hate towards differing opinions and wants them silenced.

Is this ur opinion also?

Fake News. Only the ones still pro-Trump are not worth engaging. With education, even they are redeemable. Anyone can be saved. All one has to do is spend a few days in the WH.
I know... it’s just like when the @PressSec starts her diatribe by stating how the Democrats are Obstructionists. 

I also love when she tells Congress they need to “get to work; do their jobs” 

You are a hypocrite who quotes proverbs...  not the Bible.
,Thank you, Marco.
When haters calls you a hater, and they themselves know neither LOVE nor forgiveness, keep on keepin' on, brother!
Actually that's not what he said. #WordsAreHard
Do u care for us Floridians?  When our children price tag is 1.50  after you sold them to the @NRA  #NRABloodMoney
When people lose you see their true colors and we are seeing how liberals are when they don’t get their way.
Nice distortion, you little puppet.
Let's ask the experts, shall we? Yup, haters say they voted for trump.
Shania has more integrity and relevance in her pinkie toe than you have had your entire existence, Senator Rubio.
And highlighted the divide between fellow American citizens as a result of the toxic political bullshit of today. I suggest, you work to unify a dividing nation rather than facilitate more division. What exactly are you paid to do again? Be a real leader,focus on unification
My thoughts exactly
Go to hell Rubio. You and the rest of your ilk are disgusting corrupt propagandists who don't deserve a minute of anyone's time or energy
Have you actually engaged with any Trump supporters in between scripture reading and proselytizing? Better to just beat your own face against a brick wall.  Gonna enjoy supporting whoever opposes you come reelection time (2022).  You've been a complete embarrassment to this state
@LeonardPittsJr1 is and represents the haters. Liberals prove they have hate in their hearts daily. A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit drieth the bones.
Proverbs:17:22
Lol at snobbish political elites referring to others as elites like they arent. Walk around benefitting financially from being in public office. Living and traveling off the dime of taxpayers and have the nerve to use the term elite......so full of ish....
Um, I'd openly admit it. Except I'm no elite. Pretty hilarious a senator in a suit is referring to me, as an elite. Your Congressional payroll is seriously over the median paycheck, and you don't even actually do any work.
Supporting an administration that just gave the wealthiest Americans/corps a monumental tax cut calling leftists, elitists. 

Draining the swamp replacing with swamp creatures. 

Fiscally conservative by raising the deficit more than 50%. 

Dividing Americans using religion/fear.

Anyone who has come across his garbage in the past was well aware of his lack of character.  That he's a scumbag isn't exactly news.
The are over 325million American that's not 1/5th of the American people voted for that traitor more people voted for Hillary what about 4/5 th the population that didn't vote for him.
It's a great article, thanks for sharing!  Too bad your leader has divided our country so terribly.  If only you could do something about it.
You are the elite Marco 
It's hard (no, impossible) to have a "dialoge" with people who's default responses are Russian bullshit they learned from pre-election troll farms. HILLARY! BENGHAZI! BILL/MONICA/BLOWJOBS! URANIUM! EMAILS! 
They were encouraged to hate, & you know it.
I admit to it fiercely! we see him as Satan and we see him destroying our country while your weak ass does nothing. We are right, and judgement will fall on all that let it happen. History will favor the #Resistance and I do not hide my support.
I admit it. Freely, openly, gladly. You, in particular, definitely should not be heard from or engaged in dialogue. Or believed.
#reversetaxcuts
Do you even know the definition of elite Marco? Let me help you: “elite - a group of persons exercising the major share of authority/influence within a larger group: the power elite of a major political party.” Seems to me the Elites are in the @GOP & you are lying to the people!
Rubio you Sir are a goddamned crook
Stuck to your philosophy, be strong as an individual. Great work
And the 65 million that voted for Hillary?
You mean 52 legal?
I know you are not a Trump fan so excuse me if I question your motives The elites voice their disdain for Trump every day on every news network
What are you actually doing to fight deep state instead of fighting Trump 

Come out from under your rock Marco
Actually, this we known writer WROTE words. You chose to misrepresent them here. But lil Marco, you already know that.

And BTW, we didn't forget you've already called trump a liar.

You had it right then.
the people who voted for that lunatic have no moral center.
You are dumber than @ShaniaTwain

Marky Mark, our state is going to be underwater faster bc of @realDonaldTrump  and @EPAScottPruitt. Hope selling us out was worth a seat at the table.
dont normalize trump
Crawl back under your rock... Next time ask for permission before coming out
Kettle?
Just looked again and nope. Still no tweet from the Racist in Chief on James Shaw Jr. Gee. Wonder why?  #TrumpAndHisSupportersAreHateful doesn't take an elitist to see it. You just have to have a brain and critical thinking skills. Rubio is a #PartyOverCountry Traitor.
SAD ..... 
WHAT THE WORLD  THINKS OF YOU !!!!

WEAK !!!!

Maybe you should go back to posting bible verses
You’re so funny! Get outta here with the “elites on the left”. The left had 3 million more votes in the last election and still lost - the minority voice is in power in all three branches of govt. Now that’s some elitist shit.

Robert Mueller will be indicted soon
What flavor is the Kool-Aid today?
Everyone makes a mistake now and then. But at this point , there is no hope for anyone that STILL , thinks tRUMP was a good idea.
What, Marco, no bible quote today? #hypocrite
You’re OK with Trump sowing divisive hatred in our nation/world, you accept his vengeful, spiteful anger & behavior towards those those who disagree with him.
That’s worse than the writer wishing to not interact with those who actively hate others or passively support via Trump.
You are not good at being a human!
Maybe she received backlash becuz Trump has continuously lied to the American public! So to call him honest is a joke!
And you hate liberals so what and won't engage with them
Wow, Leonard Pitts is a true fascist
Do you have any idea why "liberals" are so bigoted and closed-minded about people who don't believe as they do? Do they think all people who voted for Trump are exactly the same and are racists? Maybe if they opened their minds, they'd learn something that would surprise them.
Elites?  You do realize that most working class people voted for Hillary don’t you?
...put up with you Looney liberals. We are also the party of inclusion as we don’t make a big deal of anyone’s differences. We are also the ones who care about others as we do not kill the unborn & we are always looking to take care of our fellow Americans first with jobs... 2/4
Oh, vomit...party of inclusion says the party that is over 90% white & looks down their nose at immigrants, refugees & Muslims. You only care about babies being born, you don't care if they have food, housing or medical after the fact. #FakeChristian
When did you lose your self-respect, Senator Rubio? It’s humiliating.
Less than 63 million people voted for Trump. Don't skew numbers as if they've been programmed into you like a robot at the mercy of GOP overlords.
Dear Trump Supporter,
You'll to have to excuse me for my present irritability. Admittedly, I'm not at my best lately and I apologize.
I'm exhausted from always having to give all the sh*ts and f*cks that you're supposed to be giving about other people—on top of my own

so says #grandoldpedophile #bullhorn #defending #charlottesville #racisttraffickers #nazitraffickers #goodpeopleonbothsides #putinisproudofyou #PIPOY #marco #bonsespur #patriot #russianleader #maga #foxnews #gopdestroydemocracy #christiansvoteantichrist
Democrats, the party of hate, violence and racist. Go figure
Dude, I suggest you re-read that column again, or read it for the 1st time; your comments are in no way related to what Mr. Pitts wrote.
You fear the NRA and Trump. A rectum clenching fear.
How about the many more millions than that who didn't vote for trump and are being ignored and/or attacked by you and trump?  Not all 63 million trump voters are haters but a good deal like you that know he is a traitor but follow him for his hate/racism/bigotry are.
63 out of 326 million people. Roughly 19% of the population... 1 in 5 sounds about right...and diminishing daily.
I don't think I'm an elite but I am proudly on the Left and I say that the 63 million Americans who voted for Trump are mostly deplorables.
Sorry, I disagree

To me

Anyone who voted for Trump is a deplorable

#DonaldTrumpisaMonster
Still your President!
Amazes me that the author can actually use the words “...in opposition to those of us who place a premium on inclusion, compassion and decency.” and not see the hypocrisy. Inclusion of and compassion towards only those who toe the line and spew the same rhetoric as him.
We demand Criminal Penalties (1-3 yrs) for Fake News reporters, sources, editors, &publishers where they did not have valid verified facts; and 10 yrs for gross negligence or willfulness in Fake News reporting! 1st Amendment being used to overthrow elected government! Prison Now!
There is not one word about 63 million Americans who are haters in this article.
You divisive monster.
Fake Christian is what you are.
How you lie like this in public and then use Jesus as your cover
You dont deserve to be called a Christian
Monster
One: what is an "elite?" Two: who's being divisive now? Three: not all Trump voters are haters. But every single one of them was willing to vote for one. In my book, that matters.
At least demonstrate some ambivalence about his complete lack of moral fiber. Then I'M TOTALLY willing to listen. It's the blind followers that are not worth arguing with. Somehow his personality blinds them to his obvious flaws. We don't understand why you don't stand up.
I’ve never heard of him... and I’m obviously better off for it.  After reading the article, I’m not interested in hearing from Leonard, who is so blatantly blinded by hatred for someone he has never met.
You flop more than Dwayne Wade, Marco.  You are the poster boy for not taking a stand unless you’re handed #bloodmoney
https://twitter.com/jonlovett/status/988596749542477824?s=19 …

Marco, you fucking coward...
Remember when you said Trump couldn’t be trusted with nuclear weapons, a position you have refused to disavow to this day? https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/988590380995284992 …

It seems as though in addition to being a tool, Marquito is also a very poor reader!!!
Shut up, Marco. You’re completely tone deaf as usually. Also, you have no business branding any liberal as an “elite” your party is the that of elite billionaires, and Citizens United. You don’t get to play that card.
While you are busy judging others you leave your closet open and your skeletons are falling out....... When’s the last time you held a town hall or received a check from NRA, RNC?
The left has morphed into the fascists they say they hate and oppose.  So what will they do for an encore?
Ahh..Little Marco.A fully owned and managed subsidiary of the NRA!
I’m a former Republican & I’m saying the same thing because it’s true, so stop being a dickhead & blaming Dems/liberals. Trump is a criminal & you know it which makes you the worst kind of politician. The kind who knows better but chooses to be on the wrong side of history.
Colin Kaepernick would like a word. Eres un Mequetrefe! ￼
Waaaaaaaaaaaawaaaaaaaawaaaaaaaaa
You called him a liar over and over during the campaign. Do you still think he's a liar?
Hey baby face, are you really that stupid to not recognize that half of Trumpanzee voters were simply Clinton haters?
Anybody who backs a racist deserves no platform to talk, sorry not sorry.
No, this is a fake mob led by a “community organizer” who will attack a celebrity on social media to try give an appearance of consensus.
Hey Marco, if what you are claiming has any truth to it, then that’s preferable to many of the 62 million who voted for trump and who advocate silencing, PERMAMENTLY,  those who oppose his vile policies. So stop grandstanding!
Go back to cryptic bible quotes please.
We don't say all Trump supporter are misogynistic, racist, homophobic bigots, unfaithful to their partners. We do say they were willing to vote for same, which is deplorable.
Is this why you don't like us very much, Marco?
Stay in Canada.
Go crawl into a hole and stfu
Well... if they were taking bets on this in Vegas, I would bet that all of the racists, neo nazis, etc sure as hell voted for tRump
Yes I do believe that at its base level Trump voters were racist grievance voters. That’s what Trump ran on. Yes some Black people like me voted for Trump and  trust me I disagree with them. Blaming other people for everything in your life is wrong. So yes they are ignorant!
Stick to Bible quotes, Ruby.
Why not be truthful and say, "Americans who care about our history, values, integrity, and international credibility" instead of the boilerplate jive-ass BS "elites on the left?" Pandering to toxic dumbasses and .@NRA cash will only carry your career so far.
You understand that 30 mil of them regret their vote
Hate to disappoint you but Trump maintains 96% of his voter base aprroval rating at 51% 2 weeks ago
Hey Marco,  I’m a university graduate who’s grandparents worked in sweatshops. Both were union members. Does that make me a coastal elite? BTW I’m from Brooklyn NY.
It turned out when they drained the swamp, those left  were able to survive in the muck underneath. It is no surprise that Rubio & Cruz found their place. It’s no surprise they continue to drive the division, their survival depends on it
