I really like your tweets. Stay a good example in that shining city on the hill  May God Bless you and your family
#FAKECHRISTIANS
Please define s real one for us
Study the philosophy of Jesus Christ and live as he prescribed and there you go easy peasy
I have. What did he define as a Christian? What the the requirements?
So you'd just prefer to avoid answering?
A time when the First Lady represented our country with dignity and grace.

Thoughts and prayers... Thoughts and prayers. You know what those do? Absolutely nothing.
Why does it offend you to the point you need to share? Just move along.
Not offended in the least bit, but apparently I offered you enough that you had to comment. Why don' you just go ahead and take your own advice and move yourself along.
Prayers for Barbara, a very genuine person and classy First Lady
Fellow Conservatives,
This is neither the time or the place to vent political rants. Have some respect for the life of this highly revered former First Lady!
If you can say nothing good......then
simply be silent.....
God Bless her & the Family 
#The Conservative Corner..........
God be with her and the family! Prayers always!
Thank you for the Barbara Bush nod...now get your stable genius in chief to do the same.  He is too busy patting himself on his back!
Are you praying that she dies peacefully, something that your state prevents people from doing? Mrs. Bush continues to lead, even as she dies. She doesn't like Trump, either.
thank you sen. rubio!!
92? what when is long enough?... 71 yo President? whose taking as much as he can... say a psalm for US rube

Jerk
Grant her peace, she has lived a life following God’s path
Wish you were a special man...
Hey Carolyn, my grandmother was right. If you can't say something nice, why don't you just say NOTHING?
She’s an exemplary of an amazing mother and a good role model. I love Barbara and learned a lot from her life as a parent.
Is praying a guarantee against death for a very sick woman who is 92 ?

Barbra Bush, a class act ! Prayers!
Any other time I would as an American citizen write words of truth Sir you would despise, but your right on this she is  former first lady, wife, mother, grandmother, friend etc. Best wishes and prayers Mrs. Bush
I agree, she’s truly a fine lady. My prayers are for peaceful days.
God bless Barbara
Pick another rando bible verse, Rubes! Rando bible verse! Rando bible verse! Rando bible verse! Rando bible verse! #maga
Astonishing your personal hatred of Rubio and his faith necessitates you mocking even his kind well wishes to a dying woman
Yes she is.What a woman!And a life well-lived!
#FakeChristian
Prayers and thoughts lying hypetcrit

Mrs bush has been best known for her dedication to the truth and her fearless in speaking her mind. I wish you would at least try to have a spine. Protect the Mueller investigation. Protect the country from this lunatic in the White House
Respectfully, if we wanted to follow Senator Rubio we’d follow him.
Don’t be ugly!  Not becoming.
You’re special too. Very special. You ride the short bus to Capitol Hill.
And you are mocking special needs kids who must ride a special bus. Yeah, you have the moral high ground over rubio
You do know Barbara Bush and her family are ashamed their party is in the hands of charlatans like you.

I'd say the BUSH FAMILY got a much better deal than about 1,000,000 DEAD IRAQI CHILDREN. If we happen to LOSE a few BUSHES, in the words of MADELINE ALBRECHT "WE THINK THE PRICE IS WORTH IT"

Si
God bless the Bush family during this hard time.
Live up to her then
Amen 
Amen!  And even she and her husband had the spine you lack in turning their backs to @NRA !

FAKE liddle marco, bogus thoughts and prayers while he takes $3.8M from @nra then votes AGAINST background checks, enables Parkland massacre, VOTE HIM OUT!!!
Yes, she is a woman of strong character and definitely proved it when she didn’t vote for a man that stands in the face of family/conservative values.  God bless her.
May God Strengthen & Comfort the #Bush Family at this difficult time  #BarbaraBush Yours was a life well lived!
Praying
You are such an amazing person!   May God be with you and your family always!
Barbara Bush an elegant lady. Our families prayer from the First Lady. May god bless you and President George Bush
Thank god for her healthcare...she’d be SOL as an elderly person with your cruel cuts.
All of you GOP  in office now are a disgrace to the Bush family, a real family with class, not like Pu$$y grabbing, whoremonger POTUS & all the have swallowed his Kool Aid,
Thoughts and prayers for the Bush family during this difficult time. 
Just praying?? Uh oh, I guess you ran out of thoughts.
Praying with you, Senator.
Beautifully well said Senator Rubio. Praying for Mrs. Barbara Bush and her beautiful family. She's a classy former First Lady.
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Amusing that you think that God still can hear you after you have turned your back on all that is moral!
Prayers for her and the family. It's so sad to see so many ignorant comments that have nothing to do with this tweet. People are just so evil it's sad.
Sad that you can't be like her.
Many years ago, she was in Puerto Rico, for the convention of the Governors of the South, Vice President Bush and Barbara Bush were special guest...I was in charge of making company to her, when in public and sat next to her at every meal...unforgettable Lady...God Bless her !!!
Thank you Senator. I am certain the Bush family is most grateful for all the prayers they are receiving at this time. It is shameful anyone would twist your words.
Rubio, how exactly are demonstrating your love of USA and its people?
I'm sure that'll help.
I agree, too bad the we can't say the same for the present POTUS
Hard to believe you’re inspired by anything but money.
What is wrong with you?
Yes. She was a terrific First Lady and humanitarian.  Not like the one we have now
What’s wrong with Melania Trump? She seems pretty nice. You don’t like her husband, I get that, but what’s so bad about her?
I just have no respect for her. but I don’t need to say anything about her.  :-)   It the 3 oldest kids I can! Lol
But*
She was an evil old cow!
But enough about your mommy.
Maybe you shouldn’t of helped turn her husband and sons party into a nightmarish circus starring the ring master Donald Trump.
You do know POTUS41 is an anti-Trumper right? Apparently not.
Liberty city
Unlike your buddies family!

So true and beautifully said.
Love her!!
Amen!
Guataca ,
Prayers for #FLOTUS41 Barbara Bush. A strong role model before & after being #FLOTUS41 for women, young & mature. #POTUS41 & #FLOTUS41 have been married over 70yrs  #FLOTUS41 has a incredible sense of humor. For #FLOTUS41 & family
And she hates Trump!
I don't believe Barbara Bush hates anyone. She's a well educated class-filled lady.
I will incantate to the universe on everyone's behalf...so much better than mere thoughts and prayers.
#pagan
#incantationisprayer
#reincarnate
How about some prayers for those shot in Liberty City??? #wewontforget #voteMarcoout
I have special thoughts for her too, probably not the same as yours
Perhaps you could learn from her and impeach Trump
Any pix of barbara like this?? Asking for an orange friend

Can you inform the illegitimate president we can use his Twitter account in good ways too and maybe some prayers He doesn’t always have to attack from his Twitter account
Don't know what President you are talking about.
And she didn’t vote for @realDonaldTrump. #WonderfulLady
Actually....
So sorry to hear this. Both Bush First Ladies epitomized class. Special ladies.
What happened ?
She's in failing health, and has decided to stop medical treatment. Long story short, she's dying 
I’m sorry to hear that.  She’s a strong woman.
I know. I lean democrat, but I've always loved Barbara Bush. Such class. I'll be so sad to see her go. Hopefully she at least makes it to her 93rd Birthday on June 8th
Or better yet, until after George W's Birthday on July 6th, so he can have one more Birthday with his mom around
Are you sure you prayed or it’s just words
Praying woman...

Praying is what @marcorubio does best
Prayers lifted up for Mrs. Bush.
Funny how republicans like yourself talk about the evils of #PlannedParenthood until their mistress shows up pregnant! #ElliottBroidy paid his PlayBoy mistress millions to get an abortion! U tilFriday he was on the board of the @RNC #SundayFunday #hypocrite
Wait a minute though, Marco, she's "refusing further medical attention"--shouldn't there be round the clock, highly-politicized vigils to protest this decision, ala Terri Schiavo? I thought we weren't allowed to let people die this way. Tom Delay and Jeb Bush said so!
You’re just not very bright are you if you can’t see the difference?

How much money have you accepted from the NRA?
@Percy_Blooms  Mark you praying for the wrong people : Was Aleister Crowley 
Barbara Bush's Father? http://rense.com/general77/acrow.htm …
Classy former first mother that gave us so much
So much what?

92% chance Hillary win amirite?
Finally, a situation where u can employ your true talents, Marco... more disingenuous thoughts & prayers.
... How in the world would you know that prayers for a dying woman are "disingenuous."
Please, like Marco gives a shit about Barbara Bush.  Give me a break.  Marco’s a self-serving, little douche.  I’ve seen his pandering up close & personal for years now.
You’re a sick human being, Nelson.
If you say so, Zac.  But is it me who’s tried to destroy healthcare for millions, or Marco?

“Following a recent series of [hospital visits], and after consulting her family and doctors, Mrs Bush, 92, has decided not to seek additional medical treatment and will instead focus on comfort care,” spokesman Jim McGrath said in a statement.
Learn from her.  Better than thoughts and prayers.
*Eyeroll.* The woman's dying. People can pray for her. Since  they're Christian, she and her family would probably appreciate it. Save your weird and hostile anti-prayer message for another time.
NRA is calling
Well said
que el señor Jesucristo extienda su bendita mano sobre ella, y se haga conforme a su santa voluntad amen!!
Thank you Senator. I wish the @GOP wasn’t using today to bash Comey’s book which does nothing but give praise to the Bush family

