I say that every time Chuck Schumer steps to the microphones....
Thank you for being willing to acknowledge God openly, sir. Just as our countries founders did. Salvation never comes through politics (it doesn’t arrive on Air Force One). It comes when we rely, obey and call on God. I pray for you as a brother in Christ.
Rubio quotes bible verses to lure in gullible voters as he positions himself for a 2020 Prez run. He couldn't care less about what he's saying. The ONLY thing he cares about it getting people to believe he's not the lying, hypocritical dirtbag that his record proves that he is.
These days quoting the Bible is asking for scorn, like yours, that’s heaped on Rubio each time he does it. There is truth and wisdom in the  Book. I’m happy when any of our leaders look for it there.
Which part of my statement did you not understand, exactly?

Rubio is a hypocrite and a sleazebag, period. You are being played.
4 He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the Lord shall have them in derision.
5 Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure.
6 Yet have I set my king upon my holy hill of Zion.

Psalms CHAPTER 2
We call BS! Stop the religious crap and DO something with balls and oppose Trump who has trashed you over and over. Grow a pair
But I don't trust in you, MARCO RUBIO. I say: "You are not my Senator!"
83% of tax cuts for top 1%
No gun restrictions
No protection of Mueller

Oh please!
As a Christian, these come to mind too.Treat others as you would yourself. WWJD. Lately it seems like there needs to be more acting Christ like then just saying the words. The Word is important but means nothing if the Word isn't put 2 practice. WWJD? The right thing.
What did you do, Marco? 


“Beware of false prophets” - Jesus
What the hell??? Dude when was your last statement on anything?
Then act like http://it.How  about honesty for a http://start.How  about charity from there.What Christian doctrine DO YOU FOLLOW.Not the CHRISTIAN BIBLE.
And the Lord is trusting you to LEAD and #savepuertorico
Dios ayúdanos , matan a nuestra Gante

Psalms 83:18, King James Version Revised Edition Research...States the Most High God Name.

Mexico has allowed the passage to the seats of emigrants who threaten to enter our country illegally. The United States must break diplomatic relations with Mexico by allowing the border of the United States to invade. Stop should withdraw its personnel from the embassy in Mexico
AMENNNNNNNNNNNN!
@Twitter please delete this demons account. To continue to use bible verses to try and trick IDK WHO is disgusting. #weseeyoudoingthedevilsbidding

Pharisee. Money changer. FYI...lying is a sin.
Amen!
Why do you only quote the Old Testament. How about New Testament teachings of Jesus? The 1st four books are a must read and  'must do' from Jesus. Instructions 4 each Christian who wants to enter Heaven. You can lose salvation. Ask a true Evangelical. Read it.
Hey Marco, anything to say about McConnell blocking the bill to have Mueller's back? No? Go away.
Amen Senator🕆
No you don't.
What does God think abt the deregulation U support that removes consumer protections & lets unbridled, free market capitalism decide on matters like fecal filled lipstick? #RegulationSavesLives #GOPTaxScam
In my experience, there is nothing better in litigation than having a completely unhinged, undisciplined opponent who is prone to shooting himself in the foot. Always leads to BIGLY problems…like new claims (i.e. defamation). LOL. #xmas #hanukkah #basta
Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?
2 The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take counsel together, against the Lord, and against his anointed, saying,
3 Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us.

This REAL Christian Woman calls you out as a FAKE! Really, spineless little boy?
Hypocrite
Oh Lordy. I hope your on tape.
Separation of church and state. Govern do not preach. You were elected not ordained.
Let me help:

But I trust in you, NRA; I say, “You are my God” Pistols 9mm
Doesn't that Jesua guy have a thing to say about helping the less fortunate and bringing in refugees? Oh right. Saying you love Jesus is more important than living by his teachings
@marcorubio will stop with this religious BS?  It is very unbecoming cuz it is so fake!!
Then act like you respect him denounce the love of guns vs life!
31:14 if you're going to quote scripture, for god's sake, at least get it right. 

here's the preceding bit. "I am forgotten as though I were dead;
    I have become like broken pottery."

rare bit of self awareness there.
There is no such thing as god
Y que coño tiene que ver tus creencias religiosas con tu actividad política?
James 2:24 “You see that a man is justified by works and not by faith alone.”
Are you sure? Because my mama brought me up with Jesus and the Golden Rule. You know “treat others the way you want to be treated.” Did you miss that? When is your town hall on gun reform? Your constituents are waiting. $1.05 #neveragain
Oh shut up
Shut up
Amen
#MarcosBibleTweet
But I fear you, THE VOTERS; I say “you are my boss and you know I’m full of shit. I should resign.” #Resist 04:17:2018
Thanks Marco!  Psalm 91 was one of my mom's favorite Psalms.  She just passed away a week ago at 91.  She was a soldier for the Lord.  We must stand, having done all stand Ephesians 6.  Good, so good to see you proclaim the Word of the God.  It is powerful. Romans 5:8.  Bless you
Would God take money from Soros?

You sir, will have my VOTE when you run for president again!!!!
How about the NRA??
And stop cherry picking the Bible. It really pisses off God
Pastor Rubio, you have sold your soul to the NRA. Stop with the platitudes. You aren’t fooling anyone.
What a tool
That’s no excuse for shirking your job.
Enough with th religious stuff Marco.
Good thing he doesn't have to trust in you.
Really??  You’re not a Christian. You don’t care about the sick, poor or vulnerable
Marco protect Mueller. Be the principled check on this administration you said you would be. Speak up. Do something. This doesn't cut it
Nonsense.
Shut up already

“Thou shall hand over your coins (from the #NRA) to the victims-and confess your greed; then, maybe, you shalt be saved.” Psalms 31:15.1
Matthew 6:1
For the last time ... Trump is NOT God. That title belongs to #BillMurray.
The way u act Your God is the NRA
Stop it!! Your proverbs make me sick! You are the furthest thing from walking the path of our Lord!!
How about working on real gun control legislation instead of pandering-tweeting to your base? 

Pandering to your base in a particularly disgusting way...
STOP!
For Lord read NRA. For you read cash.
BIBLE VERSES MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER ABOUT SCREWING YOUR VOTERS AND OTHER AMERICANS ??
IT APPEARS TO BE VERY PATHETIC !!!

You are a fos mg
No amount of bible quoting is gonna stop God from seeing you for the false prophet that you are.
Amen. God bless you Sir
Do you want the truth?  Do you think you GOD thinks lying is just fine - is it not against the 10 Commandments? By not doing anything when you use the Bible to hide behind you are committing a sin and lying yourself.  A president who has his lawyer pay for abortions?  Really? God
You are no Christian bc of your inactions.#NRABloodMoney
Blah dee blah goes Marco Rubio
Refugees!!!!!
Your God is a cruel God unmerciful and vengeful.

Amen
Another in the series "I can't defend my actions but hope people will be fooled by my biblical quotes." I can also play this game. 1 John 2:4: "Whoever says “I know him” but does not keep his commandments is a liar, and the truth is not in him. "
God: "Thou shalt not kill...

unless you legally purchase an AR-15, because it's your 2A rights to own one, and have it to protect yourself against tyranny!"
That is actually not what it says.
Civilians have no need 4 Mass Murder Assault Weapons! Protect Floridians, DoYourSwornDuty, orResign Now! Don'ttakeBloodMoneyNRA
OMG Enough talking in Psalms! We voted for A Senator Not Preacher! Do Your Duty & Hold Corrupt Trump Administration Accountable!
I appreciate your tweets of Scriptue. Thank you.
Shut up, we can read the bible if we want to. Geezzz
Is that your thank you note to Trump?
Keep it up Mr. Rubio. God’s Word does not return void. Thank you for the Scriptures daily.
I will Trust in the #Lord in all things... and lean not on my own understanding! #Faith in God, Includes Faith in His Timing!  #TheGoodShepherd
Thanks Marco, we need to trust in that message every single day!
Any particular reason you feel the need to pray?
Amen!
Sigue ayudándonos a salir de nuestra pesadilla en Venezuela!!
And on and on you drone.

The only hope for the US is to return to Godly values and to follow His ways. I fear that is a remote possiblity as too many Americans live in unbelief.
God is a Jew. 
Why do Christians worship Jews?
Seriously stop. This is getting embarrassing.
they made separation and state separate since early 1800. get with the times guy. Do u need to know some kind of laws as Senator
"But yet I do everything that Jesus would not do." -Marco Rubio-
r u Preacher or a Senator. We r not here bc we want to hear preaching. we want to know Wat ur doing as a govt official
There you go again.  Tweeting nonsense words that mean nothing.  You are so incredibly rude to your constituents who are not Christians, like me!  Why can’t you just say what you mean?
"Be careful not to practice your righteousness in front of others to be seen by them. If you do, you will have no reward from your Father in heaven." Matthew 6:1
"A false witness will not go unpunished, and he who breathes out lies will perish."
 Proverbs 19:9 ESV 
#BlueWaveComing2018 #VoteThemAllOut #Liar #FakeChristian
Thank you again Senator Rubio. The psalms are so beautiful & truly inspirational.
Your twits quoting the Bible lift our hearts & souls.

But I trust in you, NRA; I say, “You are my God” Palms 20:18 #Resist #MAGA #NRA #GOP #FUCKFOXNEWS
Yet you watch idly by why trump rapes our country of dignity, integrity, honesty, and respect.


You're the incredible, shrinking, catholic congressman.
Yours is from Psalm 31:14....Psalm 31:15- “My times are in your hands; deliver me from the hands of my enemies, from those who pursue me.”
You are a FREAK marco
Hey Marco..the LORD knows ,,what your doing ..and #TIMEWILLTELL.
STOP!!!!
Then why don't you trust in his medicine? All humans have an endocannabinoid system which uses cannabinoids to protect our health, heal our injuries, and keep us homeostatically balanced, so that our bodies work as they should. Cannabis is the only natural supplement. Fix the law
#hypocrite
Fellow Conservatives,
Once again, Guns don’t kill people. People kill people......
Since that is a true Statement....... will the Left in America also ban people????
# The Conservative Corner.....

Why are you quoting the Bible Mr. NRA?
Separation of church and state.
#NRABloodMoney
Thank you Marco for staying grounded through all this mayhem and mistrust in government. Stay strong.
Is this actually a tweet to your handlers or something? You're crooked.
But what about all the other gods, Marco?  If you're going to believe in one it's illogical to not believe in the all.

...your door, and pray to your Father, who is unseen. And your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you. 7 And when you pray, do not babble on like pagans, for they think that by their many words they will be heard.…
You believe in money , that's your god
You should stick to talking about the people. If you want to talk about God, take it to a church or keep it to yourself.
The hand of God is no little hand. 

Little Marco, 2016.
SOS Venezuela
God wants you, and the rest of the @GOP to stop lusting for animals, Marco.
#GOPsupportsBestiality
Oh no Christians aren’t being persecuted...

Yet over half of these posts mock Rubio and his Christian faith.

It’s sickening to see so many people act like this.

This is what intolerance looks like.
AMEN
Oh, I think you need to revise this to say, "But I trust in you, DONALD..."
You meant to quote the NRA terms and conditions. You know, the OTHER god.
Marco. Your sleeping with the Deval and talking to god?????
Faith isn't an excuse for inaction in the face of evil sir.
WTF
Marco, you should think of heading toward the ministry when you are voted out soon.
But I trust in you, CASH; i say "You are my GOD". Book of Filthy, 4:20
Except in your bible, GOD is spelled GOP.
gods not real grow up
Hoping to get the evangelical vote? Stop with the scriptures and do your damn job. No one buys your pious crap.
Talking about Donny again I see.
Psalm 109:8 says “May his days be few. Let another take his office. “
If The NRA stops shelling out those (un)holy shekels you'll be out of lucre.
( correction) GUNS DON’T MURDER PEOPLE - PEOPLE DO!
Too bad we can’t trust our elected representatives.
.. wait. .. wait..  
Sorry, I am allergic to bullshit. 
#trumpcolluded
Dear Senator Rubio, our children are being EXPLOITED BY THE RADICAL LEFT! It is a WELL WORN MESSAGE BUT, GUNS DO MURDER PEOPLE- EVIL PEOPLE DO! AND YOU KNOW THIS! STAND WITH AMERICA FOR OUR RIGHT TO BARE ARMS!
#separationofchurchandsrate #youshouldresign #trumpcolluded #keepyourgodinyourownbedroom
You forget!!  Rescue the weak and the needy; deliver them from the hand of the WICKED (@realDonaldTrump ). Psalm 82:4
THANK YOU Senator Rubio for TRUSTING IN GOD! HE IS WITH YOU!
Trying to improve your relationship with your God by tweeting? I’ve see stranger... but...

This is awkward because we all know that your God is money.
Thump that Bible for evil votes lying hypetcrit

"What is your answer to the riddle of steel?" - Crom
The Pharisees would like to have a word with you, Mr. Rubio.
Pharisee.
Micah 6:8 English Standard Version (ESV)
8 He has told you, O man, what is good;
    and what does the Lord require of you
but to do justice, and to love kindness,[a]
    and to walk humbly with your God?
Stop preaching dude. Really
Your children are worth $4.20 to you. Not even enough to buy a meal at McDonalds. #NeverAgain #EnoughIsEnough #BoycottNRA
