
As a Chinese, I can honestly tell you that the only way is to completely isolate China. For "isolation". China = CCP = plagiarism, greed = no credibility


是的，还好现在发现也不晚！
What do you expect you learn and move on .simple.
They are not the business partners, they are also not the competitor. If you looking back the passed twenty years, they are terminator, more than 50,000 factories destory in USA, then transformed to China.
The price of doing business Senator - $3.3M
Marco - it IS NOT up to us to run other countries. When you point your finger wt others you have three pointed at yourself.
Let's emphasize taking care of the USA first.
Btw - competition is good! Marketing 101.

So what, don't do business with the Chinese. Don't forget guns don't kill people do. Little Marco taking money from the Russian's
CCP Satan's   believers are coming.
The Chinese Communist Party and the Chinese Communist Party’s high-level abduction of mainland China has stunk China's reputation.
Satan's followers are already here and shooting up schools:
This has to stop. Our country is to soft on foreign powers
Exactly! Everyone suffers from Chinese Communist Party, especially we ordinary people in China.
Speaking of prices: $1.05
Holy Smokes! No More! Stop the #SneakyChinese Thieves!
Yet we still happily comply with their demands. Go figure.
Why dont send bomb to china like siria.......yea i now because all of yours its cowards
U.S.A., you are 97 years late to correct your wrong expectation of CCP
and you are an apologist for #Trump s wrecking ball to democracy lies cyberbullying attacks on 1st Amendment #DOJ and FBI and USA companies nepotism crooked Jared
Tell the president he loves having his businesses over there
While in America they can pay no taxes, fire on a whim, refuse to give full time hours and avoid paying benefits and pay wages that are the laughingstock of the global economy. You are such a #Hypocrite! How’s that giant tax cut four corporate donors working out?
Does that include the Trump (Donald & Ivanka) businesses? I can't imagine they would allow that to happen to them. Why would they keep their manufacturing factories there if that's happening to them? Unless they have a special arrangement maybe?
That is what Trump is dealing with on the discussions, right! A big concern as they bleed off our tech to create their own!
It’s dancing with the wolf or boating with the pirates. I have proposed again and again, make it illegal to do business with any state-controlled companies.
Chinese don’t honor trademarks and patents issued in other countries. And rarely issue them domestically. Why did @IvankaTrump get a Chinese TM?
CCP is evil
Not much different than foreign company doing business in US.
You and the gop need to grow a set .
Have you been watching Silicon Valley???
US companies know that going in....they obviously still make enough $$$$ to make it successful for themselves.
It's weird how you guys like an over-protective Big Brother style of Government... except when you don't.
That makes no sense.
We can take care of China after we get the active Russian asset out of the White House. GOP Traitors
SENADOR RECUERDE LA AYUDA QUE LE ESTA PIDIENDO ESTA VENEZOLANA. AL GOBIERNO DE EEUU PARA SALIR DE ESTA DICTADURA @realDonaldTrump
@Univision Where you been? This has been going on for years. Glad you are finally paying attention. You recognize the problem, now show some leadership and help resolve it!!
Why haven’t you passed any laws to protect us then? You are a Congressman right? You duty is to uphold the constitution against all enemies for and domestic? To execute the duties of your office? Do you job!
Maybe you should have told your boss that would keep happening when he left the TPP, which gave specific remedies for that.
Oh! Like Fidel & Russia
But okay for Ivanka and little donny?? @GOP the party of hypocrites
What did you expect them to do?
That's what you get for trying to use slaves as your workers.
Communists 
How about America?? It  isn't good unless the NRA  is making your Condo payments .
It is far worse than you know.
So why hasn’t Donald Trump and IVanka trump Close the manufacturing companies in China and build them in the United States and produce their products in the United States and create jobs why are they still in China any thoughts?
Its right time to beat CCP down by Trade War now，not enough foreign currency will cause them collapses.
World will be peace once Communist finished.@RealMikePompeo @AmbJohnBolton
Force CCP open the Internet through the Trade War，let poor Chinese people see the real world，Communist finished immediately.
The Chinese government-sponsored top competitors achieve their superiority via immoral and unfair approaches, which betrays the principle of reciprocity. Conscious Chinese civilians all support your cabinet, Mr. Rubio. America is the global center of democracy, and we can’t loose
Loose? Or lose
C'mon, we all have spell checkers that do horrible things to our tweets. Also, stop assuming everyone is a native English speaker.

Argue on merits.

#LogicNotSpellingPolice
I just don’t take someone seriously if they can’t spell what they are trying to say.
How about letting Don the Con and Ivanka in on this? Oh, what's that? You say your unable to disparage the Trump family Chinese business because Spanky's derriere muffles the sound of your voice? 

#BlueWave2018 #TheResistance #NotMyPresident #FBR
Has that happened to Ivanka ? Nope. Has that happened to Trump’s business? Nope.
You really really need to stop attacking China & other countries. 

I'd rather have Chinese business partners than a Republican for a business partner
How's Marco Rubio doing so far in 2018? Give him a grade! Vote, RT, discuss, stay respectful!
Really? Has that happened to Apple? Nope. Has that happened to WalMart? Nope. More nonsense, Marco.
yes
Sayeth the LORD.
Such thefts can not be continued.
Tell @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump that
Sounds like FACE BOOK!
and exactly what have you and your brethren done about it
#VoteThemOut
