His Excellency Senator Mark Rubio, receive a warm greeting from Venezuela, a question has been related to documents requiring border to exit the Venezuelan example passport? Thank you, God will bless you.
When are you going to sanction the sons and daughters of Chávez, all the money they have is stolen from our country.
Please, sanction them, the Chavez's family. Freeze their bank accounts
What about trump undermining our democracy?  You know he's doing it yet you sit idly by quoting the Bible as tho' that makes you a good man.  Phony. #VoteThemAllOut
Senator..who told you theres a democracy in Venezuela? Who's feeding you that kind of information?
Gracias!! We realy need help urgente ppr favor
Why dont u take d same line against d Russian whom mess with our election, b vocal dont b afraid of ur president n turn ur bloody NRA money back
Creo que deberían de conversar con Mario rajoy el Pdte de España para que no se precipite en mejorar las relaciones con vzla no es el momento

but, it is not acceptable any position that gives breath to regime like so news from Spain and Panamá

Marco Rubio after Tillerson's confirmation hearing vs. Marco Rubio today 
Con el desastre dentro EEUU q tienen uds republicanos,los impagables déficit y deudas q hoy tienen + el HAMBRE/POBREZA del ciudadano común+PROFUNDA DISCRIMINACIÓN A INMIGRANTES + una FFAA anticuada superada por China y Rusia+otros actores Est y NoE: RESPETEN AL PUEBLO VENEZOLANO¡
SOS Necesitamos intervención ya nos estamos muriendo muchos todos los días están acabando con todo hay tumbas por todos lados donde tiran a la gente que asesinan opositores niños desaparecidos ancianos mujeres violaciones lo que le cuento es poco !! Intervención YA Please
Deberían llover las sanciones contra un presidente destituido que está en el poder de forma arbitraria usurpando
LA INTERVENCIÓN MILITAR ES NECESARIA, PORQUE HABLAR CON DELINCUENTES Y MALANDROS NO SE LLEGA A NADA, PURO BLA,BLA, BLA,BLA,? ES JUSTO Y NECESARIO, YA!
claro, sancionen, sancionen. A Cuba la llenaron de sanciones y ahí están todos comerciando con ella,sus ppales socios la UE y Canadá. Y Uds. 60 AÑOS DE SANCIONES Y EL COMUNISMO, BIEN, GRACIAS.
SENADOR EN VENEZUELA NO EXISTE LA DEMOCRACIA DESDE HACE 20 AÑOS. DESDE EL MISMO DIA QUE CHAVEZ ASUMIO LA PRESIDENCIA. TERMINEN DE AYUDAR A VENEZUELA .LA DICTADURA DE MADURO NOS ESTA MATANDO POCO A POCO @realDonaldTrump
You know in Cuba they are using this for propaganda. Saying "See, they're part of the US & even they can't keep the lights on. So Democracy & Capitalism wouldn't help here [in Cuba]." Trump needs to do better in PR!
Coño! muerto los perros se acaba la rabia. Hagan como en Siria específico directo y contundente. A malestares graves soluciones rapidas
Democracy is being undermined right here in the US and you’re assisting. Why didn’t you “defer to the President” ove the Merrick Garland nomination to the SC when you defer to Trump on his radical nominees? Why do you support an authoritarian?
#Almagro_OEA2015:You say #Ditctaor y say #Hypocrites:USA savagely "#RAPES" the democracy of Honduras by imposing your own #DictatorMadeInUSA then supporting #ElectoralFraud,arming/training an illegitimate Army to repress their own people but say #Venezuela is UNDRERMING Democracy
WOW... this from the guy who won't support the United States Constitution???

Trump solicited a bribe from Japan.
Japan paid. (pay to the order of Trump Organization).

Will the GOP blame Clinton or Obama? Because CLEARLY, Trump cannot be blamed for Trump's actions.
#nrabloodmoney
some #EU members armed #Chavez #Maduro, turned a blind eye for years, then called for "dialogue" with a brutal Maduro and @FedericaMog wants stronger ties  with #Cuba I,m sure any sanctions will be  enforced with the same "commitment" #Venezuela @historiacrepite  @FernandoAmandi
If you want to talk sanctions what about sanctions on Russia. Or are they helping you like they helped you buddy Trump?
Democracy? Or MONEY FOR A dying congress!
Viva Socialism !
You mean like when a country's leader refers to the free press as enemies of the people, criticizes justice officials, and surrounds himself with generals?
More about When a leader kills 100+ people in protests, take away all food and create a crisis on purpose to control them and refuses to leave power after being impeached. But sure, Trump is as bad ;)
what's your obsession with #Venezuela? You were elected 2work for Floridians, which btw you've done very little. How's your #GunContolNow bill coming? Can't be that important to you, since you haven't lost loved ones in a #schoolshooting.
Thank You Senator Rubio for continuing the fight against dictators of Cuba y Venezuela.
The Venezuelan people are suffering and they need our help.
EU is a malign organization.
Disgusting.  If Maduro has to have opposition candidates banned from running in the election, it's transparently a fear the Venezuelan people would vote for one of them over him and that he would lose the election.
Why Trump blocked Russia sanctions??
It is important that the @EU_Commission continue to strongly support democracy & impose more sanctions on Putin if democracy continues to be undermined in #Usa
Sanctions on Maduro...??What about Sanctions on RUSSIA....?
Worry about the undermining of democracy here in the U.S.  Pass a bill to protect Mueller, Rosenstein, and the investigation.  Show some leadership for a change.
It is important that the US government continues to strongly support and provide the needed relief to the US CITIZENS of #PuertoRico and #Resist the attack against our Republic/Democracy by @POTUS and @GOP! #PuertoRico
It's amazing that people like you and your president always talk about the lack of democracy in those Countries where there are oil, gas and socialism. Why don't you use your time thinking about your country instead of spreading war and desperation around the world?
Venezuelan here. We are the country with the biggest amount of oil in the world and yet is a struggle to get gas for your car because the government basically destroyed the production of oil and the little we do is being gifted to Russia and Cuba. We need the fucking help.
Gracias,por todo lo que esta haciendo por salvar a mi hermoso país Venezuela, y a todos los Venezolanos de las manos de los tiranos que la tienen secuestrada,y en el mas doloroso estado de decadencias y sufrimiento.Gracias.Dios lo ilumine.

TOWN HALL?
If UE prefers to use cooperation xith Venezuela it's more important and interessant than imposing sanctions
Maduro? Please talk about the extreme threat we have on the US? F#UCKING RUSSIA! Putin attacked US. Will the gop not stand up for this? Are you so deathly afraid of donald? What has the gop done that is so horrendous no one will act? The ppl will see when Mueller arrives knocking
Americans don't understand Russia like we do. It might not be "communism" any more legally, but c'est plus la meme chose. Russia!
Actually, Marco, It's not your business!
I think they’re pretty busy making sure Russia doesn’t undermine their democracies further
They are eating their pets & zoo animals.... Why can't we just "get rid of" Maduro militarily and let them have elections... Help them til they get back on their feet...
We haven't been able to "get rid" of government in Cuba for almost 60 years.
I always found that odd. It's almost like someone in the 1960's made a secret under the table deal to never invade them.... Sad
WHEN THEY ARE GOING TO TAKE THAT PSYCHOPATH THIF WHIHTE GUANT
Shame Marco wasn’t as concerned about democracy in his own country and the state of Florida as he appears to be in enforcing his own will upon Venezuela.

It is important that the GOP learns the definition of democracy .
Let’s rewrite this for you:  It is important that the #GOPComplicit members continue to strongly support democracy & impose more restrictions on trump if democracy continues to be undermined in the USA.
There, that’s a statement your constituents would love to see!
Ya what about our democracy? Do any of you republicans give a shit about ours? No obviously you don’t
Does Venezuela deny voters rights based on race like Florida? Vote Them Out
Someone tell Marco @POTUS could use some sanctions for undermining democracy. @GOP as well, what with their #VoterSuppression nonsense. But you just keep quoting the Bible and folding like a cheap suitcase as @realDonaldTrump wrecks the country.
Does Venezuela have widespread voter suppression like Florida? 

http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/floridas-long-history-of-racist-voter-suppression-laws-10030500 …

Vote Them Out
Maybe you could support Democracy at home. The president violates the Constitution daily and you stay silent. Do something, Rubio, or resign. You have made your money, now get out!
Me encanta el  Sr @marcorubio porq desde bien temprano le pone la piedra en el zapato a Nicolás 
Omg...you speak more about Venezuela than America. With your party’s leader doing next to nothing about Russian hacking and Americans doing nothing to help American CITIZENS in Puerto Rico ffs
Think globally, act locally.
... and this... about WIDESPREAD political corruption in Florida!
Make sure they get more AR15's, right? That's always a great answer.
Rubio I just wonder how long you can straddle that little narrow fence and talk about  undermining democracy and sanctions when you are making a mockery out of democracy. Why don't you talk to Trump about the sanctions on Russia.
Fix Florida.
Do they have “hanging chads” like Florida? Do they have gerrymandering and vote suppression like Florida? Are their politicians bought by gun manufacturers like Florida? How about you fix Florida’s problems first.
Puerto Rico? Nothing?
Thanks for that senator. Now about Puerto Rico, complete black out, food & medicine shortages, Americans suffering. Hopefully the EU commission wil help since our own government & @realDonaldTrump refuse to help their own ppl.

Odd how you leave out slavery, trail of tears, Japanese American internment, Jim Crow laws, the resegregation of civil service under Wilson.... All democrat activities against Americans. Congrats on being the problem and not the solution.

You are such a hypocrite how can you support the democracy of another country when you and the rest of the GOP are undermining  our own democracy
The US is not a democracy for crying out loud. It’s a representative republic. Why? Because of crazy jackasses like you.
https://www.state.gov/j/drl/democ/  i believe the only jack ass here is yourself

Ohm
Vene -friggin-zuela ? Are you kidding me? Our country is under cyber attack by the Russians; Trump’s GOP have done nothing
NEW MACE  MAKE  1 PERSON LOSS  BIG RANT...  PERSONEL  BIG  PROBLEM  ...  700  FP  WHERE ARE YOU PERSONEL. .......
E U do something against a communist dictator? That’s like having the fox reprimand the coyote for raiding the chicken coop.
How about being concerned with America’s democracy?
Let’s focus on our own democracy being undermined, shall we?
Dont be stupid.
We need #GunReformNow
I agree, NRA membership and gun safety and marksmanship classes should be mandatory for all militia aged citizens.
