US is deeply filtrated by evil CCP. Pls take action instead of keeping complain
China has way more power than Russia. The Chinese government wants you Americans to fight against the paper tiger Russia so they can have time to deploy their strategies to defeat US. By that time everyone has to kneel down to the Red Dragon. Mark my words for that.
You best pay attention to the Russia threat. I'm sick and tired of being attacked by Russian propaganda bots and trolls every day on Twitter. I'm your constituent and I demand you speak out about Russians attacking United States Citizens.
Hahaha... Good luck. The biggest media backer of the @gop party are Russians. They helped them get elected... They will not rock that boat and will straddle the line of treason just to get elected.
Yes Marco! Russian uses guns to influence US. CCP uses US dollars. Russia GDP only worth a province of China and China supported Russia 500B for the recent 5years. CCP gains hundreds times than harbor pearl against US. Root of evil axis is CCP China.
Is this a bot account, Marco?
I honestly think they like winning just as much as us...they'll compete against the US in commerce, the Olympics, ping pong, you name it. Every Chinese person I know is lovely...
You're really naive.Chinese Communist party is NOT Chinese! CCP made the 1960's big hunger lead to 30-40 millon people died!killed millions in the culture revolution! use tanks to kill innocent students,civilian in 1989, jailed Nobel peace prize winner Liu, Xiaobo to death 2017
At this point just protect our voting/election system. Paper ballots should be required.
It was Republican Bush who first sucked up to Chinese Tyranny because of cheap goods.  Thus they stand where they are today because US GOP policitical Hypocrisy!
Marco, thanks for your great job!
Many media outlets are fake foreign media created by the Chinese Communist Party and many are media people who are "blue and golden" .
How about the propaganda spread by @FoxNews ?
Still wonder why we do business with them but not with Cuba. Both communist. Both are awful to their people. Yet everything in the US is practically made there.
I don’t think they are effective. While the Russians are using fake news and net trolls to destabilize the west, Chinese propagandas are just simple vanilla propaganda. Its western outlets don’t even dare to criticize the west so much. Its main purpose is to deceive its own ...
People and provide ways for money laundering and allocate government money to the relatives and friends of the officials. It’s basically a form of corruption. Some “good” people might want it to actually do a better job. To them I say haha even you mama ain’t that stupid.
这个人绝对是毛泽东第二，魔鬼的化身！
There should be a law that prohibits Chinese billionaires from investing in US media outlets.
Fair trade is all The USA wants, not a deficit trade , not hard to understand unless you are bias and a greasy business Corp.
Keep banging on about China like you think it will distract from Russia. Yeah, we know... Asians aren’t white and Russians are and that’s all your base cares about. Good thing you’re so good at pretending you’re white too. Unless you are pandering to your Miami voters #hypocrite


Almost all traditnl Chinese media outside China were basically invested or infiltrated by CCP agents. The Hong Kong-based English newspaper South China Morning Post has been taken over by Alibaba’s Jack Ma & became the mouthpiece of the CCP. China’s propaganda is very aggressive.
Cheating and killing are what they are good at.
"The rebranding also included the launch of a CGTN app and increased social media presence on platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, all banned in China. "----Ironically,propagating something even themself don't believe.
And your leader is using Sean Hannity at Fox News to spread hate and division... focus on that !!!!!
You obsess about China but have nothing to say about the increasingly visible Russian plan to affect our democracy by election and social media tampering. Why is that Marco? Have you and the RNC sold your souls?
No need to have academia or media to do China’s bidding... Trump is doing it just fine...
And sometime soon you should listen to our children and ban the damn guns!!!!!!!!!!!!
Absolute bullshit @marcorubio the #POTUS opened a can of worms with the announcement of tariffs, a trade war the USA won't win. Remember , when you open a can of worms you better be going fishing!!!!
Flight records reveal Trump stayed overnight during 2013 Moscow trip, contradicting what he told Comey about "pee tape" what say you, markey Mark ?
Hey Little Marco, 

You're worried about China? You're not worried about Russia? You're not worried about Cheetolini? We see right through you and you are done.

Sad!
Russia is a old tiger and losing its tooth one by one and has much more freedom (freedom of speech, of religion, of interest). More ess like a Democratic state. China is A growing tiger controled by Communism Party! Itcontrols everything, controls largest resources in the world.

Check out what had happened on our campus! UC Davis and Upenn
3 F plan is deep in action.  Right in front of our nose.  And we Americans still want to kill each other. Protect our own and America first
Junior senator from Florida knows absolutely nothing about this topic, but is trying to seem presidential. Epic fail.
Well, once u finish forcing SK there THROUGH unification we should be both broke and uninspired! Thus, YOUR WALL!
Jst like u spreading NRA propaganda tht u won't oppose banning AR15 becz of 2nd Amend.AR15 r not protected by 2nd Amet according 2 Heller + states that have banned them.U gaslighting 2 http://contrary.Live  w this.reality + ucomplicit deathsAR15
Next you'll be wanting to burn books.

https://twitter.com/yy197033/status/988688607694151680 …
please visit. 大家看看共匪是怎么来监控屁民的，，相对之下，纳粹党希特勒差远了。
So where do we see the THONGS w/ B llions. When its T llions.

Yeah, they failed, they holding billions debts of US, just upgrade your acknowledges…
Gee... Ya think maybe it's time to help U.S. citizens pay for college instead of illegal aliens?
Dr. Henry Kissinger has been the de facto chief US lobbyist for the Chinese regime.
Rubio won’t pointva finger at himself or his party. So he distracts by pointing fingers to everyone else who doesn’t run the USA government.
The devil communist spies penetrated all false students and businessmen illegally monitoring the freedom of belief in groups.
Fuck  Japanese
Whispering without IQ remarks shina pig, Shina pig does not deserve to be a member of the council, suppressing human rights worsening in countless times and talking about trade that does not sign unequal treaties with dictators.
Absolutely right. One basic rule: Do not believe anything CCP says, they never tell any truth to their own people, so either told any truth to the world
The Communist Party’s ideological propaganda not only fools the Chinese people but also tries to fool the American people. It also caused the Chinese people who did not understand the truth to be hostile to the democratic freedom of the United States.
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Absolutely correct
Apparently @IvankaTrump had bought it hook, line,and stilleto
I'll add Fifa and NBA 2k18 to that list as well. Lol
#loser
At least Trump is trying to make them come to the table with us and get more balanced deals and the media is like noooo turmoil, Armageddon, economic collapse if we challenge them
Are they talking about the fact that you accepted over $3 million from the NRA?  Mr. NRA?
They should take lessons from the experts
Question the quality of products made in China. Rather pay more for Products made in USA. At least I have Americans make money. #BUYAMERICANMADE
China has a FOX too ?

Us constitution Second Amendment Militias AR-15 laser available for defense our inalienable rights now universal The Bill Of Rights isn’t allow negotiate dumping tax evasion NAFTA CHINA communist NoKo SoKo Nippon NuKe missile blackmail us w/support by bipartisan real enemy of USA
They got the idea from trump’s fox news
Ok marco. Leave China alone. Geeesh your just like your boss. You represent Florida. Please start F#cking representing Florida.
OverturnCCP
China needs our food! There will be no Trade war, it’s a bunch manure. The MSM and CNN will do and say anything to make America and Trump look bad. Obama had no relationships with any leaders but Iran. Trump and Xi get it! The stupid democrat socialist do not get it, never will!
They should just play Rush Hour 24-7.
The Tariffs were just a rouse to scare monger China into a better deal.  Much like the North Korea situation.  OK, Trump might succeed on both.  But what does it say about US Politics when it takes a low life Sexist, Mafioso Corporate Greed Mentality like Trump to get things done
P.s.  Especially when two faced fat pocket GOP Politicians now ignore all princibles. values, morality, integrity, objectivity and credibility to suck up to Godfather Don!
#FearCCP !
Rubio LIES!!!! lies lies lies!
There is plenty of propaganda from the Yank media. Heaving rocks in glass houses.
And Fox News is using so-called "experts" to spread poor policy ideas to the White House.
