Un placer hablar con el presidente @luisguillermosr de #CostaRica. Le agradecí por el liderazgo de su país en @thelimagroup y hablamos de la importancia de trabajar con nuestros aliados para ayudar a #Venezuela en su lucha por la #libertad y la #democracia.
Senator great picture. You look like you are discussing how you told the Economist that the Tax plan didn't benefit regular families but you voted for it anyway cos you vote for everything @potus tells you too. Disappointment.
Little Marco disappoints.
Our thoughts are with the Venezuelan people 
Fund and build the wall.                         I love my tax cuts
Positioning for another presidential run so he can abandon Florida yet again
Little Marco cannot be trusted #
AYYYYYYY SENADOR PARA CUANDO LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA????QUE ESTAN ESPERANDO ??LO QUE ESTAMOS VIVIENDO LOS VENEZOLANOS NO SE LO DESEO A NADIE. NI LO ESTA VIVIENDO OTRO PAIS EN EL MUNDO .POR FAVOR @realDonaldTrump AYUDENOS ESTAMOS MURIENDO POCO A POCO
Democracy and freedom are mutually exclusive. Democracy is a system of rule and denies the exercise of freedom.
Wow!  How long is that tie, @marcorubio .  You're emulating #IQ45 now?  Trying to garner favor by copying his lack of style?  Your posts are inane and childish, all there to hide the blood on your hands for selling out children to the NRA.
Incorrect. He sold out due process & the second amendment for the children when he supported the RPO here. Now he's trying to take it federal. He's no friend to the NRA or gun owners anymore.
He ABSOLUTELY REFUSES to consider an Assault Weapon ban.  Mass murders won't happen with a knife or a handgun.  There is zero need for these EVER in any situation in this country.  NONE. NRA has paid him to make sure that their precious assault weapons are safe.
why should he.  I love the constitution something you hate.  You will never take our Guns because we will defend our right to bear arms with them.
Sooooo, Senator - any chance you’d like to discuss with anyone OUR fight for freedom & democracy here in the good ole USA? You know, where you live and from where you get a paycheck???? You know, DO YOUR JOB.  FFS just resign so we can get someone in who will work for us!

I can almost see the strings  #DrainTheSwamp
We need to get rid of Carter's and Obama's legacies: Komunism in South and Central America.
Glad you’re keeping busy as you finish out your last term.
Marco’s Makeover Shows The Senator Doesn’t Understand Tax Policy
Or maybe Marco doesn’t understand tax policy.
Yep Maybe he;s just stupid..
por amor a DIOS "AYÚDANOS#", no nos dejen solos frente a este comunismo,, help venezuela :(
Please help Guatemala, Cicig must be closed!!! And Ivan Velasquez, Mayra Veliz and Thelma Aldana must go to jail!!!

Digno de una película de Zombies. Así asi regresan a su casa miles de personas en #Venezuela después de una larga jornada de trabajo. Cómo se acostumbra el Ser Humano a todo... 

Please!! Please!! PLEASE!!!! Don't listen to the ISPs!!! LISTEN TO US!!!  THE PEOPLE!!! Support the CRA and get that last vote in!!!  Save  #NetNeutrality !!! STOP PLAYING GAMES WITH US AND SAVE THE FREE AND OPEN  INTERNET!!! WE deserve BETTER!!!
Para Venezuela du hay gente para el día después de la caída de Maduro y en Miami están por ejemplo  @alFranceschi que se reúne con Vzlanos íntegros
S.O.S los venezolanos no queremos migrar a ninguna pmarte! Queremos recuperar nuestro país y vivir dignamente!  Carcel a la narcodictadura!
marcobot seems more interested in being king of venezuela than he does in being senator for the american worker and his./her family.
Rubio is a little bad of pus.
you voted for the tax scam..
You are such a fool. Political career is over.
Omg next to those ears your hands do look tiny.
So I like to understand your reasoning for staying you don't think the American people benefited from tax credit.
Please continue to remind taxpayers, both democrats and republicans, that the recently passed tax bill heavily favors the ultra-wealthy and that the middle class, both in Florida and around the country, are getting screwed.
You’re such a disappointment
hey why dont you tell them how tax cuts are stupid
Hypocrite living in Soundbites.U know a president you didn't meet with?The President Elect of #Honduras;Instead u met ur own #DictatorMadeInUSA in power w/help of @StateDep availing #ElectoralFraud #IllegalReElection w/arms from US payed w/USTax$.A Dictator by US Standards!
And btw, isn’t your president, the guy you support blindly, the one sending BACK refugees from central and South America who came here legally as refugees? Oh yeah. He is. Maybe your friends in the Hispanic community should think on that a while. Your thoughts on DACA?
You should speak with our president about his foul behavior and the criminal behavior of his cabinet, family, friends and attorneys. But you’ll just keep on pandering to Hispanic voters while doing exactly nothing for any of your constituents.
LAS.  FARC.   SIGUEN.  MANDANDO.   COCA.   A.  LOS.   EEUU.     CON. LA.  COMPLICIDAD.   DE.  SANTOS.   SOCIO.   DE.  LAS.   FARC .
SUPPORT PRES OR BY BY
SNAKE ON DEM SIDE!!
Did you really say #taxcuts aren't helping American workers? If you did just leave the party. If you didn't tell us how you were taken out of context
I have voted for you every time but it's obvious you're turning into a rhino if you think the tax cuts was not good for us I guess you just can't agree with anything president Trump does it's not sure I'll vote for you again
Senador Rubio, un saludo desde Nicaragua, esperamos acción contra los dictadores tiranos de Venezuela y Nicaragua, se pasa el tiempo.
Did you ask Trump?  BTW, thanks heaps for not looking into tax cuts until it was passed. When are you up for re-election again?
Did you tell him how you screwed over the American people when you voted for the tax bill. Oh sure now you think it’s a bad deal. Too bad you didn’t have the balls when it really mattered. I hope you NEVER get re-elected. #youmadeyourbed
What is wrong with you moron, saying the tax cuts aren't helping people ? My husband got a raise and a bonus of 1,000.00 we can actually take a vacation this year, you need to join the Democrat party, lil Marco Mr. PRO ILLEGALS
Hey Senator just heard your picking up when your butt buddy McCain’s leaving off as the Lead Rino for me no real surprise I bet chucky Schumer approves
So according to Marco "#Resist" Rubio, the tax cuts have not benefited the workers at all.  Absolutely amazing how much of a coward he is.
Hey Ahole

Who has film on you?

Change parties 

Tax cuts are helping  citizens

Way to divide the GOP

@SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @LouDobbs @seanhannity @VP @PressSec @MariaBartiromo
How many refugees and asylum seekers did he take ? He is a lot closer than USA for those people.
What is your thinking on saying tax cuts aren't beneficial?  Hope you were misquoted.  Are you also against economic growth that helps workers and revenues to lower deficit?  I supported you with my vote in 2016.  Was I wrong?
Don't forget Nicaragua! !
#NicolasMaduro anuncia el aumento del salario mínimo MENSUAL en #Venezuela.

Salario base pasa de
BsF.392.646 = $0.63 
a BsF.1.000.000=$1.61

Cestatickets pasa de 
BsF.915.000 = $1.47
a BsF.1.555.500 = $2.50

Nuevo salario integral BsF2.555.500 = $4.11

#DiaDelTrabajador
Never, in all its very numerous foreign wars (including WW2), America was loved as much as Russia today in Syria. While all was lost, that the Islamists would take over the country, Russia has occurred and has made Syria to life in just 1 year
And what was America's response (But also English) to the happiness of the Syrian people ? revenge, contempt ! the strikes. To make Syrians pay for foiling and overthrowing the scenario of death from Wall Street bankers
Syrians have no hatred against Americans, they only ask for understanding and mutual respect. Virginia Senator Dick Black veteran Vietnam purple hearth, has come several times alongside all the Syrian people, to support the Holy Land (Syria is in HL) against Islamism
@SenRichardBlack was the only GOP politician who was clairvoyant about Syria from the beginning, seeing the plan decided well in advance (called "Arab Spring") and condemned the war led by his own government (Obama and then Trump administration) against the Syrian people
It's a pleasure, honored to, so proud of,  congratulations to, ....Rubio you and Pence are so full of fake praises to get prestige and supposed credit. You guys must belong to Trump's egotistical recognition club.
Wish you were as comfortable with your constituents. Still waiting for a town hall.
What lame Bible verse did you lay on him?
Que dijo ?
Your joking right.
Hollow words.
Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
Not going to happen because we don't listen to children we are adults and understand things like freedom and rights.  It is a curse to be ruled by children.  Only fools think they have the wisdom to rule a nation.  Of course Democrats are fools that are led by their emotions.
Adults protect children’s lives!
İYİLIK DOĞRUYA ... 
DOĞRULUK CENNETE GÖTÜRÜR. .
          ( HADİS -İ ŞERIF )
I am planting the Garden of Eden from the Corazon del Mundo afuera, Food is Peace, f"$#k Socialism ,Industrialism Pollution and War all lead to death of Our Human Race
VENEZALANOS HAMBRE,
SEMBRER POR DIOS
BABYLON TUS HERMANA DE DIOS- ZION AHORA!
Socialims is so wonderful as the people starve to death and you are planting a victory garden.  Have fun as your neighbor still and kill you for your veggies.
