Should we bomb Cuba now?
YOU ARE NOTHING MORE THAN A DO NOTHING HYPOCRITE

Really, wgafaf about Cuba right now?? Anyone need an explanation

POR QUÉ SERÁ QUE EL MONSTRUO CONOCIDO ES HITLER POR MATAR ALREDEDOR DE 9 MILLONES DE JUDÍOS Y NO LOS COMUNISTAS QUE HAN MATADO A MAS DE 120 MILLONES DE PERSONAS?
Cadena de televisión TELEMUNDO contrata al asesino y torturador de estudiantes Rafael Quero Silva, teniente coronel de la GNB asilado en Miami.
This is the story confirming the so-called #diplomats in La Habana, #Cuba making the allegations were, in fact, a beehive of #spies working for the #CIA. #CubaUS
Andrea Rodríguez (@ARodriguezAP):
Ataques en La Habana afectaron a red de espías #EEUU en Cuba
#Scientists say theory behind "Sonic attack" in #Cuba is more appropriate to a James Bond #movie @nytimes | Curiously, the so-called US diplomats making the allegations were, in fact, a beehive of US spies working as #diplomats! #BilateralRelations #CubaUS
Now there's a location where automation could prove to be a better option.

#RememberElian
The way you handle the press from Cuba at the Peru summit great answer and great response proud to have you as leader in the great state of Florida!!!!
What excused you have!
Was trump in Cuba?? That would help explain a few things.
Really? Truly?....Medicines & what's more important? EENT.....Cuba right?

So sad that this is music to the ears of @marcorubio & his buddies. Way to politicize health & National Security! Sad.
Not gonna get a trump tower in Havana.  Let it go.
(Potential) Brain Injury...?
Absolutely no proof the Cuban government did this.
From the RCE Republican Criminal Enterprise of the United States!
Surely, with so many Canadian tourists in Cuba...”services” must continue. But what type of “hospitality” are we talking about. Canada should “rethink” its relationship with the island.
Russia or extreme right wing Americans were behind the sound wave attacks. It is a clear attempt to sabotage relations. Rubio is part of that, to end diplomacy. Sad.
They did not bribe you enough?
How much does Cuba need to slip you to get you to layoff. Are we talking NRA amounts or less?
Are there other areas of interest that draw your attention? Might want to weigh in on other issues such as gun control, the horrific ethics of  certain cabinet members and so on. You opted to seek re election after denying interest over and over;please tend to your duties.

How long till you realize Russia has a vested interest in seeing Cuba/US relations cool? How long ago was it that Russia had a nuke parked 90 miles south of Miami?
Conservative Justice Scalia once wrote: "“Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, but expecting different results.” The same can be said for the failed Cuban policy Rubio continues to push. Its insane.
You should go there. You don't have a brain, so you should be OK
They need to CUT IT WHERE IT HURTS!! @marcorubio Tourism stop tourism and they will see pain.
That is scary stuff.
Hmmm
What are we still doing there exactly?  Stop kissing up to Castros as Obama did and close it down.  Good riddance!
@marcorubio please contemplate what is of more value to you.
Brain injury? Is that why you sell out our children lives for a $1.05?  Maybe your masters over at the NRA have A brain injury as well.
So wrong since some many people including yourself warned Obama about Cuba
Interesting Article Senator. Seems maybe new tech, like invisible laser carrying sound or micro waves.  Hope you find the cause. btw, U don't appease those who abuse their Citizens. It is enabling.
@realDonaldTrump
But there is a reasonable explanation
All I hear Pastor Rubio is that you have brain damage. This explains alot.
That's the excuse for their brain injuries. What's the excuse for yours? Or is it just the greed? #NRAIsATerroristOrganization and Marco Rubio is on their payroll. 
#ResignNow #ThrowThemOut
How about focusing on Puerto Rico?!
When you said brain injury, I thought they were referring to the WH at first.
If Marco would spend a little more time protecting the people of Florida and a little less on Cuba and Venezuela maybe he would be respectable. Always remember the Marco massacre.
.
Cuba, Venezuela and Bolivia are against us. No democracy.  Morales is ignoring a referendum that he called. #Boliviadijono #NOMASEVO
Why don't you just #GoAway!
Withdraw our people! That is an aggressive attack on our diplomats. High Energy Weapons are being used and we are pussyfooting around it.
Brain injuries? Holy shit, call @realDonaldTrump immediately. This is the one thing he actually has some experience with.
What happened in Cuba has also happened to regular USA and UK Citizens. The technology being used is similar to Silent Sound Spread Spectrum possibly by Satellites. When are you really going to investigate this issue?
So glad the State Department is well staffed and functioning properly under this administration.

LOL! JUST KIDDING! REPUBLICANS FAIL AT GOVERNMENT!
Are u working 4 Canada now Marco?Our kids need protection from gun violence +you should home helpingdraft laws to protect them.The US taxpayer pays your salary notcanada not Cuba. You are quite the. http://Senorito.As  Do Sen ur MIA
Did the NRA give you permission to post this?  You’d better check 1.05!  #FakeChristians #GOPTraitors
@ReaganBattalion The defining image of the Obama presidency:
Ur focus on Cuba, etc. while ignoring the chaos and potential loss of democracy facing our country is beyond unacceptable.  Ur unwillingness to speak truth to power while bowing at the feet of Trump is mind numbing & proves how little u care about ur country & ur constituents.
Will Canadian tourists continue to feed the Cuban regime, as they’ve done for the last 30 years?
Nobody should be there. But I'll bet it's Russia doing this...
Btw, did you thank @realDonaldTrump today in Hialeah, or did you stab him in the back again?
We need some answers Marco.
I think that you think you work for the @StateDept.
just close the embassy. we don't need to be part of legitimizing that communist regime
Would you like to comment on the brain injuries the @GOP has obviously suffered since nominating @realDonaldTrump
Tan formalito. No presten tantos "servicios"
So, you're putting it down to a brain injury? I don't think even that's a qualifier for the horrible decisions & positions you've taken that represent .0001% of constituents. Sorry, but I think you're going to have to get a grown up job, very  very soon.
What a stupid understanding of his comment
She has poor reading comprehension.
Y'all need to grow a sense of humor, FFS!
hmmm using Y'all and ffs show a higher level than typical bot thinking. perhaps advanced bot, or russian prostitute
Get your priorities closer to home! We need Comprehension Immigration Laws, Gun Control Laws, DACA approval, SS fixed and security for Mr Mueller investigation! Where is the Senate and House when they supposed to be the grown up in room!
Time to put sanctions on Cuba
There have been Cuban santions since 1962.
But I thought Obama lifted sanctions after he took the embargo away?
No not by a long shot. Do yourself a favor and turn off fox news.
Does anyone even listen to Little Marco at this point? I get his tweets, but all that shows up in them are a jumble of letters followed by a Viagra ad. #Impotent #Sad
You need to loop Trump in on this. He’s an expert in brain damage.
#NotMyPresident
Russia did it....but Trump admin will never admit it.
How about Hannity? Any thoughts?
And most Trump & Rubio voters!
Sounds like a reason to close the Embassy and exit the island completely! Let the Cubans overthrow their Govt. or suffer this wickedness.
Left Cuba and the tumor of NarcoCommunism will keep growing in http://America.It 's the origin of NarcoVenezuela with Russia,China &Iran behind,all enemies forever of NAmerica. Islam will take also America, end Occidental Culture. @POTUS , @mike_pence @JustinTrudeau be aware
2 a degree I agree. Com. in Sovt. Union ws/destroyed w/comptn as its lies fell in on themselves. Not so much w/armed conflict as we fought a draw in Korea, lost Vietnam & even allowed Castro 2 turn Cuba Dictator after suprting him. Our vision of Nation buildg never really worked.
This may not suit your narrative,  however: https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ldquo-sonic-weapon-attacks-rdquo-on-u-s-embassy-don-rsquo-t-add-up-mdash-for-anyone/ …
so why do the Canadians also agree?
Your boy Hannity has Cohen for a lawyer, thoughts?
I don't remember if Lil Justin wants to go with El Chapo today, does he??
Donde Están EL? Yo #SOY #JOHNNYBRAVO
Go back.
What’s Russia got to do with it!?
you can't figure it out?
Socialism causes severe brain and cognitive damage.
Good thing Cuba has a first-rate single-payer healthcare system to help everyone recover.
I guess Justin Trudeau will have to go visit his uncle without his wife and kids now.
Why even have an embassy if the State is so evil, as it does not deserve our help.
Why don't you stop trying to keep us away from your corrupt leader. Bye. Bye
Brain injuries?
Apparently American diplomats in Cuba suffered brain damage due to some sort of electromagnetic attack. Brain scans show brain damage. Castro regime or someone approved by Castro carried out the attacks.
I don’t think we need to be in Cuba, especially during times like these.
@Percy_Blooms This is caused by DEW Directed Energy Weapons. No Joke.
I suspect they classified any real info on this. Will likely be years before we hear anything plausible.
