I am pretty sure God wouldn’t carry an AK15 and accept payoff money from the NRA.
This sounds more appropriate.
Amen!!
Put a sock in it!
God, the lord, virgin Mary and even the donkey want nothing to do with an NRA shill. You are wasting your time quoting the bible as long as you work for trump. 
Hey folks ,don't fall for Marcos false worship BS ,he is hoping you'll forgive his trespasses and he tramples upon yours and profits from it.
No one needs to hear this shit from you. Do your job.
That’s good
@TheTweetOfGod  absolutely annihilated you
The Herodians were a political sect of men who aligned heavily with Herod, who wanted Jesus dead. Jesus told his disciples in Mark to beware of these men. Sounds a lot like Congressmen who try to show that they are better than the rest and align with mean people.
Oh Mighty Odin, oh Great Slurpy, Oh Thunderous Bean Cloud of the Eternal Burrito, Make me one with everything, extra relish. Amen
Wow, he must really mean it today. He wrote lord in ALL CAPS!!!

Yo, Marco, go play in traffic.
How's that thoughts and prayers shit working out for the country? How about actually working on legislative compromise? You know, like back when we were great.

#BloodOnYourHands
Separation of church and state is alive and well
But you don't live by the Word. Hypocrite.
you kill kids with your inaction
That's nice get to work support the prez n the people confirm nominations, build the wall, permanent tax cuts for us peons, close imig. loopholes no visa lotteries. Lots of work to do, less preaching n more working pls.
okay Senator Rubio ... time to return to earth and face your demons ... can't hide in the Bible ... you take money from organizations that support gun violence in our country and thousands are dying. own up
Amen
Being a Christian I don't understand how you can quote the Bible. At the same time condone the lies and total cowardice you and your fellow republicans exhibit for your president. God is a just God is the lesson you will soon learn
This calls for wisdom: let the one who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man, and his number is 666.
Your party just fired the priest from congress. Don’t give us this hypocrisy and expect us to believe you are sincere
A baby wolf in sheeps clothing.
Did you tell Ryan to fire the chaplain because you covet his job?
No amount of prayer will help you regain your testicles or moral compass
Hallelujah. 
#NRAbloodmoney
.@marcorubio 
#marchforourlives
#parkland
#pompanobeach
#kalashnikov
Amen,  may God continue to bless you and your family senator

Great scripture
“Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me; Thou wilt stretch forth thy hand against the wrath of mine enemies, And thy right hand will save me.”
Psalms 138:7 ASV
http://bible.com/12/psa.138.7.asv …

“Jehovah will perfect that which concerneth me: Thy lovingkindness, O Jeho
Marco, God of hosts, who is like you? Mighty Marco, your manliness surrounds you. You rule the raging sea; you still its swelling waves. Yours are the heavens, yours the earth; you founded South Florida and everything in it. RosiePalms 89: 9-10,12
liar and devil, is you, shame on you to betray your constituents.
Weirdo
Bless you
Amen

“And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men.” - Matthew 6:5
U don’t post scripture on a government website moron. Besides we all know u r no Christian
Marco, tú no eres más que un diminuto falso cristiano. Come mierda!
Perfect example of a hypocrite making himself feel better 

Wy are you tweeting Bible verses?  You don't follow the teachings of Jesus.
Curious.
Amen and amen

Fake Christian.
I really come to Twitter looking mostly for serious things, and read what important people has to say. I care what @marcorubio says, but his twitting of Bible versicles is beyond infantil .

Bloody Hands Rubio comes through with another bible quote that means nothing.
Pls stop with the Bible versus and do your job
Jesus was pretty clear about helping the sick, poor, and everyone who we encountered. Maybe you should take a que.
Do you have a message to non-Christians and atheists (about) 40% of the population? Or do you as a “Government” official only message to Christians?  How is this Constitutional? hypocrite.
Psalm 137:9 NASB
[9] How blessed will be the one who seizes and dashes your little ones Against the rock.
“The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
An evil soul producing holy witness
Is like a villain with a smiling cheek,
A goodly apple rotten at the heart.
O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!”

William Shakespeare.
you haven't resigned yet?
Wait....were you worried the Lord wouldn’t listen to you if you read this to yourself?   You needed to post it so He would see it in His Twitter feed?  You’re trying too hard.
Marco Lameo...what? I don’t get it. And your point is?
Are you dying?
Bless you
Luke 19.27. And Jesus proclaimed: "those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them--bring them here, & kill them in front of me." Jesus enjoins others to murder those who do not worship him! This meme, with many others, was incidentally, plagiarized by the Qur'an!
Rhubarb.!
Thanks Marco for all the uplifting spiritual inlightments
Trivia: Marco is actually practicing his next Trump kissass for the next meeting.
Dear Marco give it up. You have about as much chance of convincing us that you believe in God as Bill Cosby does of convincing us he's a virgin.
AMEN!!
Practicing for your next job as a shyster preacher? Goddamn it, you aren't paid to quote scripture
Marco...Jesus called...
#HallelujahAlways 
the #MostHigh God!
he doesnt exist
Wasted bandwidth. Chapter and verse would be sufficient. Deuteronomy 21:18
If Jesus Christ was on the ballot for President of the USA, you would campaign against him, calling him a socialist and soft on crime and terrorists. Stop acting sanctimonious being a "good" Christian and start acting like one. Your belief structure and your "God" do not align.

MARCO, god of losers, who likes you? Puny MARCO, your hypocrisy surrounds you. You're ruled by the raging gun lobby; they fill your swelling coffers. Theirs are your policies, theirs your office; they fund your world and everything in it. NRA $3,303,355: '15-'16. https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/988725272529833984 …
You are, literally, everything Jesus resented and worked against. 

It’d almost be worth hell existing, just to know you were going there.
Hypocrite.
GOD bless you
I can do that too no big deal

Apply God to the decisions you make for all of us your constituents not just powerful companies
Dude, Jesus himself preached about the separation of church & state . I think there’s a word for people who abuse scripture...
Psst. There’s no god. No religion. It’s all a lie. Just thought I’d let you know.
You finally got an answer little pastor!  Cc: @FFRF
MARCO, god of losers, who likes you? Puny MARCO, your hypocrisy surrounds you. You're ruled by the raging gun lobby; they fill your swelling coffers. Theirs are your policies, theirs your office; they fund your world and everything in it. NRA $3,303,355: '15-'16. https://twitter.com/marcorubio/status/988725272529833984 …
Hey Marco, "what would Jesus do?" is really a thing...try looking up the word "hypocracy"...
Gag
“And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others... But when you pray, go into your room, close the door and pray to your Father."

Matthew 6:5-6
Are you our senator or a preacher?
You can quote verses til your balls turn blue. You're still going the opposite direction from heaven
Oh Lord, tell this joker, that it is not enough to pretend to be religious, it's actions that count. Also tell him that there is separation between church and state in his country, and finally, don't tell him yet, that he's heading for hell. Keep it  surprise 
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!!
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!!
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!!
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!!
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!!
SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!!!
THE NRA ( new Russia army ) has just pulled its funding of you hasn’t it?
If taken as a poetic spiritual metaphor, fine. If taken literally, then this represents the thinking of an ignorant 3rd century peasant. Scary in a politician.
You put God over the edge...God can't stop weeping.
WTF?
You’re an elected public official. What the hell are you doing posting this drivel?

PHONY. #VOTETHEMALLOUT
How about quote something related to your job?
Are you a grown man? This is baby-stuff.

This just in: She's especially pissed off at you, Marco. I'd start wearing body armour if I were you.
@marcorubio we can see right through you.  You can’t be so religious and so mean to people who don’t think like you at the same time.
Used to like you Marco, but you thru God under the buss during your presidential run behavior. Proved you are just another corrupt Washington politician only out for yourself. Power and greed have corrupted you, just like all the others. You are part of the swamp.
. This is how your party & President take care of God’s creation, you put Scott Pruitt in charge of it.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2018/04/24/pruitt-to-unveil-controversial-transparency-rule-limiting-what-research-epa-can-use/ …. All in the name of greed and money.  AMEN?
Oh barf, hypocrite
Paid NRA hack - quoting from bible in one hand and taking from gun killers in other
Amen

Knock it off already. No one believes your fake showing of faith. Deeds, not words, are what matters most.
god says stop invading syria, mark on that

If you think there is any God who would listen to Your hypocritical prayers, you’re an even bigger come mierda than I thought.  #NRAIsATerroristOrganization

Hey, Charlie Church...hope you're leaving that bible of yours outside the Senate chamber.
Please seek mental help.
Then the devil had a crack and made republicans and AR15s
Transcript of your recent telephone call to Trump?
And your votes are helping to destroy it. How you don't see that as a sin, I have no idea.
@JoaquinCastrotx would never openly tweet a prayer or verse like this. Stay bold Marco!
Why do you evangelicals insist on quoting Bible verses when you never live by them?
Why do you post this?
Jesus wouldn't carry an AR-15.

Thank God you are not President!
Hypocrite
And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. Matthew 6:5
AMEN POR ESAS
PALABRAS SANTAS.
The raging sea will be a blue wave.  
Doesn’t believe in climate change but believes in God. One is agreed upon by the overwhelming majority of scientists on the planet. One is a fairy tale. What the literal ? Rubio, get your together and LEAD!
What is with this proselytizer? When’s the last time this yutz tweeted about @NASA? Or @CDCgov?

Your prayers aren't working bro. #Resist
From one Christ follower to another, anyone, and I do mean anyone, can find scripture to quote. When you live your faith you don't have to trumpet it on Twitter. Grow up and care, really care, about people.
Oh. And. P. S. No one believes you.
Dude… Are you freaking kidding me? Can’t believe this!
Your random scripture quotes to declare your faithfulness are tedious. Instead tell us how your faith matches up with your policies & your voting record. Actually do something that has meaning & substance.

Can't you stop looking like a fanatic. You are proving to be a hypocrite by doing this and you are mocking the Constitution. I love God and my religious beliefs but the last person I want to hear it from is a corrupt politician. I don't go to a hairdresser to rotate my tires.
U really expect any sane human to believe GOD had any thing to do with Trump & the cowardly GOP that sees his darkness & his illegimacy and does nothing to protect us? Stop quoting from the Book if you are not willing to walk the talk. ALL GOP that have integrity are getting out

You. Are. Crazy. And. Your. God. Will. Judge. You.
Pssst.... God doesn’t exist. It’ll be our little secret.
AMEN.
Shut your punk ass up
This is a goverment job little Marco. The line for the religious job requires morals, ethics and compassion. Forget about it.
So friggin creepy.
Why don't you pray to your true gods? You know like the NRA and big oil and pharma and whatever other dark money conglomerate owns you body and soul, Rubio aka Big Money Slave!
Ah, yes. But you can't cure cancer, or stop Catholic priests from abusing children. You claim dominion over the natural world, but can't stop tsunamis, or end racism. You're either a jerk, or you're useless. Or maybe both.
Stop.
You're still not getting through the Pearly Gates.   #HellBound
Give it a rest. If there is a god, you’re on his shit list
Spare the human race of your open display political piety.
Tell us again how gun control wouldn't work, asshole.  #NRARubio #NRABloodMoney

Police officer shot in the head being kept alive until his mother can get to the hospital so that she can be there with him when he dies.  Yet all you've done is reduce the age at which kids can buy an assault weapon.  Enjoy your $3.5M from NRA, asshole.
Talking like a CHRISTIAN does not make you one - acting like one does!

What were you feeling guilty about at 3:24 AM???
You’re going to hell
Mario you are a hypocrite Catholic. Guns, rich people’s tax breaks. Failing schools in Florida. EPA settting pace for disaster. You are so going to loose in November.
God see’s through you. But keep trying.
What the what!?!
Such a tool
Including the Devil.
Stand back. captain panderpants is reciting scripture again
What an epic dork. Good god are you lame 
Dear Lord, I too can cut and paste bible quotes. Rubio is not a religious man. He’s a con man.
Horseshit.
Dear Lord ....of the rings...please take this cuban and make him understand...Cubans are atheists.....All of them...All!!!
Can you just stop the hypocrisy?
Seriously?? Does “your” God take money from the @NRA
WTF?!? Keep it in church
Oh my god!! You are funny.
Can you show proof that you follow the bible? Do you follow all of the 10 Commandments? I bet you don't.
Oh
What.
Ugh, ENOUGH with the holier-than-thou crap. Put some gun control legislation into action already.
WTH? C’mon Marco, you can do better than throwing Bible verses around when they obviously don’t have any real meaning for someone that’s behind the #NRA & the #TangerineToddler. Try talking to your constituents-oh sorry, forgot that you’re afraid to face them!
Still taking NRA money?
You are a total fraud

So your new quest is traveling preacher
This has a pharisee kind of feel to it...  Honestly waay over the top.
