So the question was, are you still going to take money from NRA. Just like he did in CNN townhall, Mr. Rubio did not answer the question but distracted by criticizing Cuba’s lack of elections. Even people in Cuba know Marco Rubio is a puppet of the NRA!
Moreover, I lived in Miami for 5 years and been to Cuba on mutiple occassions. MARCO RUBIO HAS NEVER BEEN TO CUBA. He is full of shit. He knows nothing about the Cuban people. They think he is a comemierda (Shit eater).
Which parts about Cuban public forums (or lack of same) were inaccurate?
1/2 Watch the Netflix Series “4 Seasons in Havana”. In it, the main characters openly criticize the revolution and the Castro government. This series is filmed in Havana, with Cuban actors, directors, writers and producers. Written by Leonardo Padura. Moreover, when I was in Cuba
So, if you were in that audience, you would've retorted, "Senator Rubio, you're wrong! Watch that Netflix show!!!"
You must have missed my 2/2 of the tweet.
No, I saw it. I was seriously wondering if you were equating a Netflix show with being a journalist confronting a public official in a country run by a dictatorial family.
The show openly criticizes Cuba and the revolution. Filmed in Cuba, with Cuban actors, written by Cubans. Started airing in Cuba in December 2017. I was shocked at the open criticism when I saw it. Things are changing their dramatically. These are things Rubio does not know.
I guess Rubio andthe V P just went down to summit and gave lectures to everyone!  I'm sure the rest of the world is sick of this with everything that's going on with Trump and rest of fat cats in D C. Diplomacy just may be a better tactic!
Sure, how did it go for Obama? In Syria, Ukraine, Venezuela, Cuba?
So war has worked?
Please know that the Cuban journalist continually asked Marco Rubio if he was still taking money from the NRA and Marco Rubio responded with a diatribe about democracy. This is a filthy and shameful display by a Senator.
@JayCaruso @marcorubio His point was well made. But, he didn't answer the question.
I felt like he did.
But the question was will he continue to take money from the NRA.
He clearly did NOT answer the question. ( if the translation is accurate)
What part of "Yes..." did you not understand?
Mr Rubio.  WHERE WAS THIS MAN during the primaries? It is not whether you win or lose it is how u stand. Thank you for this amazing speech.
Yes, considering the main argument against Rubio in the primaries was he was an "amnesty" candidate, your meme is a joke.
Obviously you don't remember the "Gang of 8" immigration bill Rubio was a part of.
It is disturbing that Sen. Rubio talks one thing yet another is going on in this country. Hidden PAC $$, Fake News and our judicial system constantly being attacked. Rubio was talking about the other USA—not the one we are presently living in.
Libs rarely seem proud to be American....need to be negative  even when someone is on foreign soil touting the freedoms we have in this country.
And we plan to vote against you.
@marcorubio Well done!  
Bien dicho Marco. Ese "periodista" es un pobre Diablo del Gobierno que seguro vive esperando que a su familia le siga mandando cositas del "Yuma"
Stupid Henchman..salio cagado de ahi ese comunista. Well done Marcos.
Pathetic. Rubio didn't even bother to answer the question.
I knew you spoke Spanish, but I didn't know that we'll lol Iove it haaaaagood job
So today he is with trump calling the American media fake news 
An Oklahoma man fatally shot his 13-year-old son after mistaking him for a carjacker on Saturday. http://tulsaworld.com/news/crimewatc …
A mother of 2 protected herself and her children from a home invader. #2Amendment #DefendTheSecond #SupportTheNRA #JoinTheNRA #IAmTheNRA
https://www.themaven.net/bluelivesmatter/api/amp/bluelivesmatter/news/woman-uses-gun-to-save-herself-from-home-invader-confronts-him-in-court-XJcvMe_5iE6ENoGWBbgiAQ …
We can do this all day.
We could. It doesn't change the fact that guns save more lives than they take, or that there are more vehicle deaths per year than gun deaths.
Be careful Senator, as you well know monetary transactions in our elections are more translucid than transparent .   You won't take the money out of politics because war funds often become your private funds and that is sad.
If you want money out of politics, that applies to all lobbying groups not just the ones who donate to Republicans. You do know that right? That includes Union Federations like AFL-CIO, affiliates/PACs like the Democratic National Campaign Committee, just to name a couple.
Or, like most "get the money out politics" advocates, does your call to get money out of politics on;y apply to Republican donations? Because that's what I see most often, not actual calls to "get money out of politics" but simply people wanting Republicans to not be funded.
@marcorubio proves time and time again how awesome he is. My gosh. Such class and eloquence. Why America didn’t feel like that was Presidential material I’ll never wrap my head around. Maybe someday.

The Cuban regime talks big game outside Cuba. This is the most criminal regime ever in the American hemisphere. They have spread their ideology of misery throughout America, that what they have touched they destroyed. Glad I have 2nd Amendment right than no rights  like in Cuba

Want to make sure this is not quiet. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/985558640236138498 …
Muy bien dicho!!!
Felicidades, Marco R. Por la vida y por la libertad: ¡ni una sola mentira más!
Estoy de acuerdo con @marcorubio
Todos los que se acuerdan del gran sufrimiento de millones de personas bajo el comunismo lo estan.

Los cubanos estadounidenses son unos de los mejores proponentes de la libertad y limites sobre el poder del estado porque vieron de primera mano la maldad que nace sin ellos.
It's rather evasive considering the heart of the question is that it's the outside money that wins elections not the policies.
No it isn’t. Candidates who have spent less money/received fewer donations on campaigns win elections as well.
That's really in bad faith since money undoubtedly is a major factor in winning elections. To say that sometimes money can't win somebody an election is just a sidestep.
Votes win an election.
You'd think....but it's who (or what) counts the votes that wins the election.....
Point well taken.
Damn, that was good. Go Marco!
How was that good? He simply repetead that he can ask this question here but not in cuba. He never answred it straightfroward because he knows it looks bad
You know what looks bad, Cuba. Watch the documentary I RT'd a bit ago.
Yeah, cuba does look horrible but just like @marcorubio you evaded the whole point of thr question/topic
La respuesta a un periodista comunista. Los socialistas marxistas comunistas son todos iguales. Cuando se les responde con la verdad...avasallan con argumentos ilógicos...luego cuando se les acaban los argumentos...se van al monte y se convierten en guerrilleros narco-terroristas
I kinda wish he would have just straight up said "Yes, I'll continue accepting campaign donations from organizations that advocate the same policies and principles that I do."

It's a perfectly acceptable answer, and it's not going to cause him to lose respect from anyone.
Muy bien. Que Buena legion de Democracia. Please put pressure  to Evo Morales en Bolivia. BOLIVIA voto no a su reelection. #BOLIVIADIJONO
Done with great poise, never back down.
Lesson 1. Lay down your article one responsibilities to act as a check and balance and let the executive branch do what ever it wants.
@nikkihaley POTUS @marcorubio VP 2024. That’s a winning ticket I can get behind. Haley/Rubio 2024 Continuing American Greatness!
LoL
Again. You don't answer the actual questions. #NRAIsATerroristOrganization
Excelentes palabras del Senador Rubio. 
En Cuba no hay derecho a la libertad de expresión y cómo se pudo ver, los comunistas tampoco saben dialogar y menos debatir.
Honestamente, creo que saben cómo debatir, pero eligen no hacerlo porque su posición no es una que puedan defender. Al menos no de manera significativa.
Yeah
I had to say this. @NRA would pull their funding if I didn’t.
This is totally beside the point...but I had not had the opportunity to listen to Marco speak in Spanish; I always admired what a great orator he is in English, but my goodness, he’s just as good in Spanish!!
end the GOP dependency on gun money, and representing 2nd amendment as equivalANT of religious freedom. Common sense gun laws NOW.
No.
@rmaggie040 Hey! Rubio! from one Cuban to one disgraceful one!  THE BEST YOU CAN DO IS? SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE. GUZANO!
Love it when a person can speak multiple languages perfectly. I speak English only and it’s a personal regret that I didn’t learn more fluently.
That was a beat down of a member of the husk of a totalitarian regime.
Team @marcorubio! We know what his views are. We know who supports him. The beauty of our country is that we get to opine freely and vote for or against him. 
I love @marcorubio’s Courage & Clarity on Important issues like freedom of speech, the #2ndAmendment & his desire to help countries that are struggling with their own battles for freedom & democracy #Venezuela #Cuba
He should be giving lessons on how to avoid answering a question.
He answered it actually. Near the end
You’re sort of right. But he was meticulous in never using the words “Yes I’ll continue to take millions of donations from the NRA”
2016 GOP voter: He’d make a good president...wait what? there’s a self righteous, narcissistic, cheating, lying buffoon whose 2nd language is belittling name modifiers & who’s blunt words make me cringe yet feel like hes sticking to the man though he is the man?  I want that guy!
 fuego
Daaamn! Shots fired. Good for you Senator Rubio 
@jsmyth926 Nice little smackdown abroad.
Good job Mr. Rubio.
The lesson here is that people are FREE to support him, or not. That is what makes America, we have a choice. You don't like him, vote for someone else. Class dismissed.
5 años! CDLM
What’s the lesson here? That Rubio supports the Second Amendment because he gets millions from the gun lobbyists or despite that fact?
Planned parenthood gives millions of dollars to democrats. Do democrats support abortion because of planned parenthood? No. If Rubio is so corrupt why can’t planned parenthood donate to Rubio and then Rubio will become pro-choice. It’s because Rubio is pro-life. Same apples guns
Love this man so much! #TeamMarco
Hellyeah!
@omarbula
Way to set them straight Marco Rubio
Good lord, I had to speed read his comments! With that being said, I am thankful that WE do have the freedoms we have.
Would that lesson involve having a terrible attendance record and deferring the votes you do make to your donors and not your constituents? Good luck, Cuba.

Olha como nosso senador Cubano apanhou esse jornalista mandado pela ditadura comunista @KyleBruto
Garota, o senador passou foi vergonha ignorando o fato de ganhar milhões pra defender o porte de arma
Ganhou milhoes de dolares dos cidados que apoiam ele atraves da NRA. (Eu incluido)
Porque é burro
Vtmnc kkkk
Ja sabe né
Marco Rubio, the adult Republican who answers in instructive, informative 
comments to opponents.
Marco Rubio Speaking Lies@@@Over and Over Again@@@
Not a single hint of an original thought was had by anyone.
Hey @ComfortablySmug, you're the Rubio expert. Why doesn't he just say "I'm going to continue taking NRA  because I'm so tiny I need a gun to defend myself"?
I think people would understand.
Bien hecho, @marcorubio
Is he giving lessons on how to make money by voting for the NRA and not GUN CONTROL. He should be fired for not protecting kids.
Love, Love, Love  #RubioRules
Love a man who speaks the truth and isn't afraid to do so.
Well done senator, now if u could only stand up w/the same courage to @realDonaldTrump when he attacks our free press, minorities, golden star families, disabled journalists, immigrants, women, @FBI 's integrity, intelligence community, etc, etc
Obamas administration destroyed the last of the good faith we had in our institutions.  FBI Has no integrity left.  We need new institutions to rise and support all Americans. IRS was a weapon wielded by the Administration to bring Fear. Tea Party members were blunted from orgnzg
Freedom of the press that was literally roped off and spied on by the last Administration.   Journalists Sharyl Attkisson and James Rosen and his parents were intimidated by the Deep State. I guess you approved of those actions asking for a friend?
Deep state omg , I got a bride in Brooklyn I wanna show u
Very good, Senator Rubio.
Little Marco...where you been
I’m surprised that Senator Rubio retweeted this. He never answered the question.  Is he going to continue to take the @NRA money?  I guess so?  I am not fluent in Spanish, so please correct me if I am missing something. In the English translation, Rubio just evades the question.
Rubio told that communist where to go 
It's not surprising that Cuban state media supports factions within the US who want to disarm American citizens.
Wonderful! Senator Rubio is as articulate in Spanish as in English
Brilliant response.  Much respect to the Senator.
Mr Meltdown, are you running for office in Latin America or are you finally going to get to work for the people of FL?
He shouldn’t have to explain himself to a Cuban cockroach questioning our electoral system
Bravo!! Marco eres el mejor!
  
Awesome!
Interesting retweet of your cowardly escapades, little filthy pay to play Marco. You are proud of the fact that you have a town hall meeting in Cuba, but not in the USA? The Mercers must be paying you well to represent them in foreign countries. Resign.
What?
Why couldn't you answer the question about whether or not you will continue to accept money from the NRA?
Your cocaine traficking in-laws want you to talk to Sosa after the summit re: big moves in Miami
I'm trying to figure out how Cuba is more dangerous than Russia? Out of all the countries out there why are they so dangerous  especially when we are allies to countries that are worse. Can we take the time we are wasting on Cuba and help Peurto Rico?
This example might help --
Thanks for giving me the info. I appreciate it.
No sweat. Not enough info on Cuba has been shared widely enough to let folks know just how much of an enemy its corrupt government has been.
Does it help? Cubans are blinded by their political faith.

Absolutely spot on!
Bravo, Senator Rubio.
Future President Rubio!
We do have the right to vote against you.  AND we will.
Great response. Lmao #Resist
2040s GOP ticket of Ben Shapiro/Katie Pavlich, or vice-versa, w/older, grayer but wiser Dinesh D'Souza 4 SecState & Tim Fitton 4 AG in a 2040's GOP Admin. In between 2nd Trump term & that would be 8 years of my always-1st choice Pence & a Nikki Haley admin for 8 more yrs.
Trump won’t win a second term
They said he would never get a first term 
This was amazing. I hope he runs again, in 2032, after Mike Pences 2nd term.
Pence won’t be president and Trump will not win a second term
So the Second Coming will be sooner than I thought.
My fave part about that is that his Spanish, which is pretty good, got even better as he smelled a fight- and then put that communist barking seal in place.
I don't speak Spanish well, so I was glad to have the translation below...it was hard for me to follow otherwise.   They spoke too fast!  
This is why I supported him in the primaries. He is the whole package, style + substance. I hope he runs for President again
Congratulations to @marcorubio for standing up for democracy. I’m very glad he is representing the USA in Lima. South Americans need to be encouraged and supported in their quest for better government. Good job!
Ha! Burn, baby, burn. 
Talk about a slap down. One wishes all elected officials has the guts to attack tyranny like @marcorubio
instead lets have all congress members be drug tested everyday,
#drugtestcongress
Straight fire from @marcorubio. Also worth asking this totalitarian dictator representative about this list of things Cuban people aren't allowed to do:
Senator Rubio is the fiercest defender of human rights. So grateful for his courage in fighting oppression around the world, especially Venezuela and Cuba.
So he doesn't answer the question in any substantive way, and just straw mans to the issue of freedom of press just because the journalist is from Cuba?
He did answer the question (he answers “yes” indirectly towards the end); he also used this combative question as an opportunity to throw the questioner’s crap right back at him.
Where’s the money? “Dirty Don” just helps his wealthy friends:
Fucking nice burn at the end
Any video on how Ivanka Trump is handling questions while she’s repping USA at the same summit? Just thinking she may not handle Press as effectively.
WGARA?
So he basically evaded the question...
No he didn’t. He clearly states that he supports the 2nd Amendment and that those that support it, support him. That would include the NRA.
That wasn’t the question...
It implies his answer: yes
So in other words, he evaded the question?
Seemed like a clear answer to me
Yeah, pretty clear answer (it’s well practiced) unfortunately, it doesn’t answer the question posed.
Outstanding!  He should have added that he didn't *receive* $3 mil from the NRA,  but rather private citizens who believed as he did regarding the 2nd Amendment were willing to spend $3 mil of their money saying so.
Great job Senator!
Wow
If Rubio used his power in office half as well as he talks the game, he would almost be worth supporting.
Let's also remember that Rubio *barely* put down a commie on democracy vs authoritarianism, and that our standing as a democracy preceded Rubio and has nothing to do with anything he's ever done.
