Never trust the Chinese, they have proven themselves as thieves .
You better find out what China, South Korea and North Korea are up to before Trump gives away everything in hopes of the Nobel Peace Prize and forgiveness from the majority of Americans for committing treason.
Symbolic concessions on school safety from Marco Rubio should not fool anyone. This isn’t about just selling more guns in the US, it’s about much more including Russia influencing the @NRA and @GOP. Our relationship with our Congress is important but needs a rebalance in November
Senator you want to be seen as a global leader but you can't even lead here in Florida.
You are absolutely right.
Why don't you go after the International Corporations that have given our technology to China in exchange for cheap labor?  Oh, I forgot, they have given you millions of dollars in campaign money so they could do it! YOu should resign #Resist
Kind of like we need to rebalance the Senate the house in the white house with sensible people instead of insane ones
TOWN HALL?
#liar
Little Marco (Gang of 6) is so removed from reality that he thinks the tax cuts are crumbs for us workers.  He is Pelosi’s little bitch.  Too bad he has 6 years left on his term else I’d gladly not vote for him.
There’s a reason you’re a senator 

Don’t forget your place lil Marco
The CCP must remain vigilant at all times, and it must not be relaxed for a moment. The CCP’s words cannot be convinced. They will camouflage!
It will be nice when Congress realizes their job is to legislate, not wheel and deal in free trade. I don't know of one member who is qualified. Set the rules using reports by experts, and get out of the way.
Like you being replaced by a senator who can do a good job.
Republicans Swamp Pick #lockthemup

Marco you are just one of the worst human beings I've ever seen.
No one should trust you.
I guess you really want to say no one should trust Chinese Communist Party, right?
我学了好多英文啊！象征性的让步！
tax scam = YES vote from lil' Marco.  Hypocrite...
Don't forget the fact that for years China has vastly over valued their currency giving them yet another advantage that previous presidents & congress failed to deal with!
You need to support Trump who's ahead of the curve. All other politicians have proved themselvs lacking.
Marco joins Pelosi calling @POTUS  Tax Reform & Jobs Act #Crumbs I use to be huge fan of Rubio until he joined Juan McCain & Gramnesty with Gang of 8 now he’s  a NeverTrumper #FLPol. Florida You can do better
Speaking of cars, I wonder how many countries will buy ours when auto makers quit installing catalytic converters?
Dear Marco Rubio:

You seem more confused than Nancy Pelosi on the benefits Trump's tax cuts are providing to American workers. More winning, in spite of your hot air.

NEWSFLASH: When people call you McCain Junior--it's not a compliment.

Pound sand RINO,
~ The People
How come you are condoning corruption in the FBI and DOJ Mr. Never Trumper? You're no better than China.
Savings rates in US must improve for the health of every citizen and our economic future. GOP tax and fiscal policies have enriched the rich and added trillions to the deficits. Payroll tax & entitlement reforms are needed to relieve burdens from workers & small biz.
Interesting choice of a photo of one of the worst cabinet pics. I bet you think trump should get the Nobel prize, tho, for not actually having anything to do with the probably fake overtures from North Korea, right?
Hypetcrit shame

Sure big talk from the back of the room. President Trump is doing the job you guys only talk about.  He gets the job done.
Too bad you’re always right way too late in the game. You’re either too stupid or too devious to represent the great state of Florida!
What we should watch is the #TreasonSeason ship you are sinking with. Gang of 8 huh? Gang of traitors & you will face justice
I follow the scriptures you write every now and then
YOU VOTED FOR A TAX BILL YOU NOW SAY WON"T HELP THE MIDDLE CLASS WORKER. You word means nothing.
What happened to intellectual property. The American companies sold themselves to the Devil
How could it be ? Could God rebalance with devil ?
That's right, Sen. Rubio. The cars is small one. China is still playing big games behind it. Let's see.
Marco LEAVE IT TO THE PPL WHO KNOW HOW HOW TO DEAL & MAKE MONEY

Sneaky hypocrites like all other authoritarians.
How’s the campaign contributions from the NRA coming little Marco? You still on your knees for them ?
Do you mean like quoting the scripture everyday and then pretending it’s Opposite Day. Wolf in sheeps clothing, you are! Not buying what you’re selling.
Mr. Rubio,

They are preparing to drill in the arctic where an oil spill would be pretty much impossible to contain or cleanup.  This is being done because of what was allowed in the tax bill.  It has nothing to do with taxes.  What the hell were you thinking?
#NRABloodMoney
Exactly. Telecommunication companies, foreign banks, securities and so on should be allowed to launch and be well protected by rules of laws in China. Only in this way could the local Chinese civilians obtain more employment and would the US-China trade substantially be in balanc
Shut up!
Want to understand the modern Republican Party: twice this week at a Trump event the crowd booed the very mention of Hispanics. Like literally heckled an entire ethnic affiliation.
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY

The thieves of CCP of DEVIL Xi JinPing of Xitler is Anti - HUMAN ! ! !   CHINA ≠ CCP
Conclusion : CCP get out from China a.s.a.p  , Please  !
Senator I’d like to help you with your negotiating style. It’s important when dealing with other cultures that you find the appropriate style.  You need to diversify your accusational, forcing style. Try this link:
There  is  better because  of  you.
And most of all, China is the biggest and richest Autocratic regime in the world! There must be a war between Biggest Autocratic Regime and Biggest Democratic country In the future! Everybody, Do make preparation from now on!
The US isn't a democratic country and hasn't been for some time now. We are an oligarchy - owned by corporations - and not even US-owned ones, either!
@MarcoRubio knows absolutely nothing about foreign-policy, and is definitely not very bright. That’s why he hides behind biblical tweets; he hopes to fool evangelicals into supporting him. Read this thread; nobody cares what Marco says about China or foreign policy.
Marco is a nothing burger - Trump and team are light years ahead of little Marco’s thinking
Stop distracting! Listen to the children and ban the damn guns!
What about the thousands of lives many of them children gun violence is stealing or doesn't that matter because it is not part of your religion where your believers must have money and a gun
Ah Mr tariff now? Any idea what that will do to farmers?
Big rebalance.  They would not be where they are if Nixon had not dragged them out of the dark ages and presented them to the world - and then they repaid us by stealing our technology. And putting us into their debt ? I don’t think so.
Marcos Rubio  no olvides a Venezuela.
why did you take over $3,300,000 from the NRA?
他们就是靠欺骗起家的
Was it a theft or did we give it away
Dear senator time is flying Venezuelan are dying by the minute every second count what other prove you need help Venezuela now intervention is the answer to narcoterrorist
GO AWAY............
SENADOR POR FAVOR PARA CUANDO LA AYUDA URGENTE PARA VENEZUELA   EL GOBIERNO DE MADURO NOS ESTA MATANDO Y NADIE HACE NADA. YO COMO VENEZOLANA YA NO QUIERO SANCIONES.....YO QUIERO ACCIONES PARA LUEGO ES TARDE VENEZUELA DESAPARECE @realDonaldTrump AYUDA POR FAVOR
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @GOPLeader @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @VP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS WAGES WAR ON ROMAN CATHOLICS @DNC @TomPerez @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi
Just like Trump said
Why is the United States unwilling to give up its business with the CCP? Is bloody banknotes easy to earn?Marco，answer me，PLS. I think this is not in accordance with the teachings of the God!
I was going to retweet but then saw it was you.  Reading the Regressive Left's comments below...you should have stayed faithful to the Conservatives who elected this POTUS instead of trying to wedge yourself against us.
You hate that @realDonaldTrump is getting along with China.
Still trying to sound relevant. #Pathetic
thank you for pointing out obvious, we are watching how you vote on all matters that make it to the floor just to see if what you say matches how you vote. More than that if it matches the way the people of Florida want you to vote! Not how you feel, But how we feel!
$1.05
They’re fooling Trump....
Didn't you hear president xi, go back and reread. Speak out on this weaponized justice department and FBI
So when was the last TOWN HALL you hosted? That gun thing was a lies from you. Does not count.
... Why doesn't it count?
Then these Goldman Sachs & Wall Street guys better get on board. It can't be fixed overnight, but incremental improvements to reverse this 40 year trend. @realDonaldTrump
If only we had a pacific partnership to challenge them. What would we call that? Maybe TPP?
I trust President Trump on this.
Unlike Trump's cabinet that takes millions in inappropriate perks on the taxpayers' dime. Talk about really screwing everyone.
Going out on a limb here but somehow I do NOT believe hina has any intentions of "Playing Fair"......#TrackRecord
I agree
