China has learnt their strategies well from the IMF.
Hehehe Little Marco
Comical that you are so concerned about debt in other countries yet willingly sink the USA into further debt to support your own agenda
When will you issue a cautionary tale about the trouble America is in and that you enable under and whilst serving at the feet of @realDonaldTrump?
America is Canada, Mexico too.   The USA is in America.  The USA is not in trouble
Yes, we are.
do you think monkeys can fly too?
Donald Trump is President. 

Yes, I do.
only in the movie, "The Wizard of Oz". Trump is president, not king ... he does not always convey or show it, but he darn well knows it and has Melania to remind him daily that he is not king, just president
Just think of ALL the cautionary tales this administration will provide, including the stories of complicit senators (ahem, Rubio, cough cough @SenateMajLdr) that will grace our history books. Congrats on your legacy, @GOP! #RepealAndReplaceGOP
Interesting considering we are in massive debt to China
They sid the same to Venezuela along with the thugs that are running that country.
And Venezuela.
imagine going to school then running and hiding to not get killed. Remember the dead bodies of kids laying on the floor
this is another tale of how this has nothing to do with ur job but make distractions so ppl don't remember the dead kids

Uh, doesn't China own more of our national debt than any other dingl owner of our debt, and didn't you allow that to happen?
This is how we in the United States can solve our own debt problem, but there are lessons for Sri Lanka, too:
I don't know what you're peddling, but none of us believe you.
Really, didn't u know that when u passed the tax cut which increases our deficit by 1 trillion+ per year?  Thanks to u we will need to borrow more $ from China to survive.  Shame on u for doing it & now pretending to care.  VOTE THEM ALL OUT BEFORE OUR DEMOCRACY IS DEAD!
Strictly cracking down on illegally stealing free personal privacy information, and students studying abroad for long-term illegal organizations in colleges and universities to intimidate U.S. security
You know nothing about China. So don’t even pretend
只有在这个平台上，我才觉得我们是平等的。Only on this socializing platform,I feel we are equal.U and your boss(CCP) ban oppinions which go against yours,and block chinese people from visiting twitter,facebook,google,youtube,instagram,etc..Are you sure you are a journalist?
And you're allowing the same here by voting for those tax breaks paid for by loans from China.
Social security, Medicaid and Medicare are why we borrow money. Only liberals consider lower taxes as "spending"
Are they now the enemy?? Let’s talk Russia!!
Is Russia driving trucks through pedestrian walkways?
They may not be driving trucks but being poisoned and being shot in the head or just going to jail for opposing Putin.. no thanks
FYI, u can ALWAYS find someone or something worse  than you but it doesn't make you any better.
Tomorrow can you tell us the one about the little boy who grew up to be a US Senator and took a shit ton of $$ from the NRA? I love that one.
A country who uses debt to control other nations....Mmm you must be refering to the USA!
a cautionary tale of how #Trump uses lies bullying nepotism attacks 1st Amendment DOJ FBI American companies to please base and YOU do nothing...you are a wimp
My President talked of this years and years ago!
And now Congress is doing the same to the U.S.
https://twitter.com/yy197033/status/988688607694151680 …
please visit. 大家看看共匪是怎么来监控屁民的，，相对之下，纳粹党希特勒差远了。
Who cares about Sri Lanka : we’re buried in debt w them ourselves
Any other musicians you'd rather cry about tonight? #ResignRubio #NRAWhore
Read in the Mueller report how members of your party worked with Rusdia to undermine democracy..
USA is under a ton of debt. Thanks @GOP
WRONG!!!
Rubio took 3.5 million in NRA BLOOD MONEY
Like Putin uses against Trump?
What about All the money we owe China because of our deficits ???
Kinda like Puerto Rico????
Wow, what an interesting concept to leverage to influence those countries with massive debt, like the USA after this tax bill and budget. Uh oh.
The Chinese realize that if they can control the world economically there will be no need to control it militarily.While reeling China in will hurt a little it is a matter of national security that we do it.
Tax Breaks for Rich = TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICITS.  Are you working for China  now?
Not China's fault Senator. The Bible says in Proverbs 22:7 The Borrower becomes the Lenders slave. Those who will not live within their means subject themselves to slavery. When this nation was founded our leaders had God's wisdom, no sign of that for many years... more debt?
A cautionary tale about how Marco Rubio became trumps little buddy! Shame on you!
You have the unmitigated gall to actually tweet this?  After you voted for the tax bill which will add 1.5+ trillion to our debt and position us so that we go hat in and to the Chinese gov’t to please con’t to buy our t-bills?
Yeah, that’s the job of the global banks. Bastards!
Well then stand behind @realDonaldTrump in his efforts and stop being a Never Trumper.  I’m voting you out your next run.
Just like the NRA does with you right? Mr. NRA?
So #SriLanka is to China what #Americans R to Congress. Who are you trying to leverage under a mountain of national debt?
Hahahaha hypetcrit
Pot meet kettle
Sadly, the USA has done the same thing to influence policy
So your plan is what?
You voted for a tax plan that will suffocate us with debt. Trump sold us to Russia. You and yours sold us to China. It is really shameful if you did it on purpose and no less shameful if you did it due to basic incompetency... or just because the others were voting for it. Thanks
Wow!  You should know about a mountain of debt. You accrued that with 'favorable' loans with bad LTV, and then you became the most corrupt senator ever - all those bribes and NRA, Koch, Fanjul and now Russian money.
Adding to bookmarks. Will read later. Joe Biden and Mitch McConnell really like China. By the way. So corrupt are the halls you roam in. Contine to acknowledge HIM and he will direct your path.
What did you do with All the Money Marco feed the poor help Sick Children
Sounds like a deal. A deal like Trump would make - concessions and giveaways.
Did China interfere with our election and buy a President and the Republican Party?  #PutinsPuppet #GOPTraitors
The main target of Belt and Road is to absorb the resources and people to milk CPC evil regime and strengthen it, so that CPC can challenge the democratic world
Like Russia does to 45?
.
Ok so how does USA factor into that...cause while you trying to throw shade at another country I have yet to what YOU have done hear beside cut all program to help the need..
This communist evil is going to take over the whole world if we are so stupid to fight among ourselves for differences.
And sometime soon you should listen to our children and ban the damn guns!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hmmm Like Russia and the Trump Family and Administration
your face is a cautionary tale
Igual que en Venezuela senador.
it's all probably too late now........but I hate being negative.
Can we all just post our  funniest memes, gifs, whatever whenever this guy tweets . I mean he doesn’t have anything worth saying

It’s ironic how you love to criticize China now. Yet in the past you were in favour of all trade relationship with China. Don’t you feel embarrassed doing flip flop all the time
You should read "Confessions of an Economic Hitman" which deals with how we did the same tho g to most Latin American countries through the IMF and World Bank
Kind of like how the U.S. government traps U.S. citizens under mountains of student debt, huh, Marco?
Victimology 101, if you sign a loan contract you don’t need a deep analysis to know it is not free money and you have to pay it back. YOU trap yourself in debt, no one else.
Us constitution Second Amendment Militias AR-15 laser available for defense our inalienable rights now universal The Bill Of Rights isn’t allow negotiate dumping tax evasion NAFTA CHINA communist NoKo SoKo Nippon NuKe missile blackmail us w/support by bipartisan real enemy of USA
RUBIO.....................Just LOVES to do the GOP thing...............
PENDEJO!
tu es feo
Save #NetNeutrality!!! We need #OneLastVote!!! Get it over to the CRA!!!
A cautionary tale of credit cards  and how they use debt to create geopolitical leverage & influence over house purchasing/renting. Read here how FICO trapped #creditcardholders under a mountain of debt.
They are doing the same thing in the South Pacific.
Would that be the same China that has billions billions owed to it from the US.. That would be the same gop Congress that's been in place for how many years. You sold US.       TOWN HALL?

Let's talk about Venezuela, dear Senator
.
We as American citizens to need to be more self sufficient financially but it is hard
Yet you voted to increase America’s debt by 2 trillion dollars so billionaires could get tax breaks on their private jets & to cut funding for Medicare (something seniors already paid for)

You make me wish that the xtian fairy tale of Hell was real b/c you would be going there.
- John Perkins would be proud......
The NRA is a domestic terrorist organization.
GET THE NRA OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT.

and we owe them how much? Nice vote on the tax bill
Remind all your friends that signed that bailout that came from China
And yet the GOP just sent us into MORE debt.....good job!
A coal baron spent time in prison for breaking mine safety laws that resulted in 29 miner deaths. Now he's running for Senate as a Republican. Drain the Cesspool. #VoteThemOut. Blue wave coming
Yup ... need to be smart ...
also, see: banks
How many trillions in debt have you voted for all these years? It's a little late for you to worry about it now.
The tariffs won't even dent the debt the US is in with #China!
Marco you have enough money by now to bail them out, right?
What's been with you and China lately?
Trapped is a strong word. Just like credit card companies trap people who over spend?
Was that on a major news channel that is not called fox cause I sure as hell hate fake news.
there is no such thing as real news ..CNN, Fox news, ABS, CBS, NBC are all fake and full of it ..maybe PBS
That my dear  depends on the person that is watching some of us out here can see and can understand what is true and what is fake my kids watch pbs but as the adult I still watch the news because I still love my country regardless of that nut case that calls himself president.
Simple, threaten to dump the govt notes on the open market thus causing the interest payments to those same governments to cost more if they want to sell additional notes. Hey...sounds like they have our balls in the vise.
Oh Marco, just go legislate.
Is it anything like debt is used against us here in the US?
Isn't that what #China is doing to the USA? The USA owes China billions upon billions! So now what @marcorubio?
When you borrow money, there are implications.  And when you can’t pay your debts there are more.  How about we blame the politicians instead for a lack of fiscal responsibility???
Like the GOP has trapped the US under a mountain of debt?
Obama increased the debt like Bush on steroids

Here's a cautionary tale closer to home!
GOP=DEATH
#ThrowThemOut 
#VOTEThemOut
#StopPompeo
i hope you are arrested for a death threat
Good thing u voted against that tax bill which increased the need for debt sales
http://www.usdebtclock.org/state-debt-clocks/state-of-florida-debt-clock.html …
Haven't we done similar via the USAID and IMF programs?  I'm confused as to why China is so special, here...
when is your term up?
We’re stuck with him for a LONG time. :(
I mean, we did the same thing to Latin America before.
It’s a classic colonial tactic it’s been used by every aspiring empire since the Romans
Says the guy who voted for the $1.5 trillion debt creating “tax reform” bill.
Astonishing hearing anything about government debt come from Obama supporters lol
