Maybe we should put NRA in charge of windows!
Then you should be pushing Trump for sanctions!
u don't report much about Cuba, lil' marco!
Sure, but you’ll still vote in line w/Trump #flunky
Pretty sure the Clintons
 trained in Russia.
Holy cow!!! We finally agree on something.
Not unlike all the coincidental deaths which follow Hillary around.  #SethRich
Some of us do. 

Murder should not be ignored especially when a real investigation doesn't take place. What if it was your family member or friend, would you want answers?

Don't stop looking for answers @RealMattCouch
But you still support @realDonaldTrump unquestioningly.  This meme applies to you as much as FOX
Rubio is a Trump lover.



Politics makes strange bedfellows! Do you know who you are in bed with?
Why are you putting Russian  into your campaign coffers? #ComradeRubio
The kind of Gov you’d like to be the head of. #RINO
Coming to #TheDonald’s US soon?
Your unquestioning support of Trump helps Russia. If you want to fight back why don't you apply pressure to fix the election problem since Trump seems to be acting as Putins agent?
And yet our president will not invoke the sanctions against Russia that have been approved by Congress are you holding him accountable?
I wouldn't count out Clinton operatives there #ClintonBodyCount , after all she gave Russia Americans Uranium so they could make bombs to destroy us, treasonous activity, #LockHerUp
So what are you doing to free the escort stuck in a Thai prison that has info on Manafort and Deripaska? Huh? That’s who the reporter was reporting on.
Be careful, #marquitos! #RussianSpies are closer than you think! #RussianSpyDonald @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Just like Russians in Cuba attacking Americans in embassy.
Ask Trump to call Putin and ask
In Russia, suicide commits YOU!
GOP = Russia
You're absolutely right.
Now, what are you doing to keep the constituents in your state free from gun violence? Cause you haven't been doing much on that front.

So why are you supporting a President who wants to be friends with Putin?????
How Clintonesque, The Hillary and Putin have much in common with 60 murders attributed to her by fake suicides.
shove your sureness up
Then why don’t you demand the president enforce the sanctions against Russia.  As a Republican be the first that is not seeking re-election!
Lo suicidaron eso es normal en comunistas
God rest his soul.
You have no right to speak on the matter Marco, considering how complicit you have been to the #FakePresident who is under Putin's sway

You forgot to mention the window was on the first floor
Maybe you should run over to the WH and let Trump know.  He seems to be as much in love with Putin as ever. Ask Nikki Haley.
Channeling his inner Vince Foster?!?!?
And yet u say nothing publically about the fact that Donnie won’t sanction Putin. He is throwing Niki Haley under the bus for his inadequacies and u say nothing.
And Trump keep saying maybe we can be friends!
This is the kind of country Obama wanted for US. The mess our justice system is in is proof of that.
Glad you notice that one Marco!!
Is there a bible verse that goes with it?
What about the FARC and the Ecuadorian correspondents?
Retweet!
Might ask your fearless leader, Mr 1.05
Who killed him?
Russia: UK!!!
#PutinLogic
Ooops
Careful...Putin is a huge donor to the NRA
La Asamblea Nacional esta haciendo labor de patria,nos entrega el primer día que nos acerca a nuestra libertad,gracias a Ud. Por llevar tambien a Venezuela en su corazón,un saludo.
Don't forget about Hillarys America
A lot of killing going on in America and also killing of innocent people by your good buddies down in Honduras.Concern yourself about those killings.
Like all the people here Marco---The Navy Exchange my bad USA are a bunch of hypocrites
Isn’t #Putin boys with your boyfriend @realDonaldTrump #clown
I see the Russian disinformation bots are in full force here.  Deflection does not change the fact that criticizing Putin is hazardous to your health.
Can’t trust the Russians, especially Putin
How can you stand by @realDonaldTrump knowing he's in bed with a man who takes out those who speak against him?
Somebody told: The only law that works in Russia is the gravity law...
So what about the sanctions?
You know that your support of Trump makes murders like this possible, right?
Crazy
It’s also #TrumpsRussia, and you’re #Complicit
Everyone dies around Putin and Hilary Clinton.
Eternal rest grant unto him O Lord. Let perpetual light shine upon him.
Putin and Trump refer to that as “fake news”
Happens here in the US all the time.
Nigel Oakes, who runs the group that founded data mining firm Cambridge Analytica, admitted in an interview last year that President Donald Trump’s controversial propaganda tactics mirror those of Adolf Hitler.
He also  had been investigating allegations about Deripaska and Manafort made by  Belarusian escort Nastya Rybka (and exposed by @navalny)
yep just like the Clintons So many dead so few questions.
That's nothing compared to you amigo Alvaro Uribe in Colombia. 9 witnesses against him and crime family. All dead.
You know, that would be funny if we weren’t under attack by the Russians and you were actually trying to protect us.
Putin taking Russia back to the dark days
Your president wants a record of all journalists and investigations done on them in the USA. He wants to suppress journalists who criticize him. He just stopped sanctions on #Russia. How bout focusing on your own country? #Hypocrite
Defenestrations is Russia might not be turned around by improving its window construction codes.
It appears as though all roads lead to Russia.
Then why do you defend a president that won’t apply sanctions?
Where are the sanctions against Russia? Where are the common sense gun laws? Where is the accountability of executive branch? Where is your spine? Where are your balls? Where? Where? Where? Your job is to represent ALL of your constituents, not just gun owners. We are all people!
Grow some balls and stand up to Trump!
You and your party leader are doing nothing about it. GTFOH.
Why does @realDonaldTrump praise Putin every chance he gets?
So why does @realDonaldTrump  have such a hard time issuing sanctions against them?
DO NOT CONGRATULATE !
you mean the Russia that Trump completely refuses to sanction?    the Russia who holds fake elections getting Trump's congratulatory approval?    why do you tweet this stuff but do NOTHING to stand up to Trump????
tRump's friends.
How about you call out trump for joy imposing sanctions?
SOS VENEZUELA
You need to provide leadership in dealing with this scourge
And your guy, trump, emulates him. You are carefully keeping objections to his actions under wraps, however, I’d watch my back it I were you. The man is a snake and strikes when you least expect it
Hey @marcorubio might be time you split with our #Russian n Chief aka @realDonaldTrump
Putin's Gorillas must have to do with this affair l'm sure man! it's clear: a "convenient accident" (Masked)
Just like with Hillary Clinton.
I bet life insurance rates are skyrocketing....
Good thing @realDonaldTrump believes Putin!
Maybe the floor was wet by the window and he slipped out
Did this guy had any dirt on the Clinton's?? a lot of people have committed "suicide" or die under suspicious circumstances because of the Clinton's so don't rule them out!
Russia has to take US policy toward them seriously. POTUS undermining Nikki Haley allows Putin to continue pushing boundaries. Russian "diplomats" should be expelled without replacements. Sanction should be coordinated w allies to put max pressure on Putin for hacking, Syria & NK
...and yet your party’s beloved leader will not approve additional sanctions on Russia. Why? (I think you know the answer.)
Right, Senator.That's a favorite way for communists to get rid of people.For example, Jan Masaryk, Czech, back in the day.  Alexander Dubcek, Slovak, the vehicle in which he rode on the way back to Slovakia after after being "detained" in Moscow was run off the road. He died.
Putin's Russia now just as a tad better than Stalin's Russia
#TrumpRussia
Ask trump to ask his boss next time he sees him
And the guy who can't find a single bad thing to say about Putin (but has something bad to say about literally everyone else) is POTUS and you don't have the backbone to stand up to him. Shame.
This would be the same russia your dear heroic leader again refused to enforce sanctions on?  Just trying to keep up you spineless dullard.
Geez, it is like they have Hillary Clinton as President over in Russia.
Keep tweeting about it, you gutless imp
I'm liking a Marco Rubio tweet! Someone take a picture!
Talking about tax cuts
Should have asked 45 yesterday, live in front of red gop audience if he was now going to release his tax returns so Americans would see his net/gross/debt

or just wait...
#NRABloodMoney
He said while sitting quietly next to 45 in Florida yesterday.

Spare us your duplicitous hypocrisy
Wow. Who is this and where is marco? Can you tell America the day you and the gop will stand for the constitution? Reject the Executive branch the nra and fake fox news. The three that is rotting the US from its core. The ppl will not stand for Racism ANYMORE.
Putin aka “VOLODIA” from his inner circle is a NATURAL BLOOD SUCKER, BUTCHER and a THUG and as such he should be stopped at any cost and way, otherwise the the entire world is going to regret it painfully!
Sounds like the apartheid government in SA
Any comment on Trump threatening Jail to a former FBI Director in the country you live and represent?
Why?I am sorry.Coincidence?
I keep waiting for this sort of thing to start happening here in America. I honestly believe that it could under this regime, which is a terrifying thought. Does anyone else think that these kind of "accidents" are a possibility in America today?
Mr Bloody Hands Rubio..Don’t stand on any balconies... Putin’s puppet (Dotard Trump) may do the same in this country.
Then fucking do something you fraud. Start with enforcing the sanctions!
Can you address this growing problem right here in the US? These guys are inciting hatred and violence. Most of our domestic terrorists are white men from fringe groups that call for violence against people who don’t agree with them. NRA=terrorist group. He’s a board member!!!!!!
Putin's Russia? Don't you mean Trump's Russia?
Shut up. Your Dear Leader refuses to sanction Russia. Till then you got nothin'.
Sanctions anyone ?
This “falling” done in #Russia is reminiscent of the Apartheid government (in South Africa) modus operandi done on opponents.
Sounds like an HRC tactic...
Of course another anti Putin journalist"fell" out the window! And of course you still support your criminal president! Better watch out for those slimy windows!
Yeah, it’s awful. Too bad the President, who you support, refuses to hold Russia accountable for anything.
Students die after Rubio resists gun control. That must be another one of those coincidences .
Your enabling of Trump equals complicity in his death.

So, since your traitor buddy Trump says US kills people just like Putin, maybe you & he can tell us who US has pushed off balconies...
Since we are attributing mysterious deaths to political figures go ahead and  Do #Arkancide

https://www.arkancide.com/ 

Maybe he knew the Clintons
Such is the reward given when we didn’t do sanctions ...
How convenient.
Wow! Investigator dead! Another suicide

Only in Hillary’s America

What Really Happened in Debbie Wasserman Schultz District

Was it abt Awan brothers VISAS

Oh, now missing CDC employee found dead in Atlanta

Does it Compare to #Putin

https://medium.com/@zachhaller/awan-brothers-visas-raise-questions-in-wake-of-murder-of-beranton-j-whisenant-jr-8bb6f39ab3c …
Keep supporting trump.
At least he handles leakers like a boss. You guys are all bitches and give away secrets like its valentines candy.
Traitor POS
Oops. Russian window ledges seem to be made of an extra-slipperly material. Like Trump.
You dont mess with Putin...hehehehe Zuma
These are the same people that trump refuses to enforce sanctions on. Do something about trump or stfu
I agree the GOP and Putin killing off witnesses @realDonaldTrump
Talk is cheap... straighten that spine, it's liberating
The irony.   #NoGOPutin
And for some reason you thought it was a good idea to install a mentally unstable zealot that idolizes Putin at the head of our executive branch..
It is no coincidence at all that 17 of your constituents died at school because you refuse to reinstate the assault weapon ban that would have prevented that weapon from being used. Putin is not alone with blood on his hands to achieve power. #NeverAgain
Just wait until that kind of thing starts Happening in Twump’s America if it already has not ?????
You support Putin's puppet.
Someone should add up how many people who “disagreed” or didn’t fall into place have later happen to “fall” out of windows in The Soviet Union - a trademark assassination method in that shithole country.
It's common in China as well.
Yes. So why aren’t you all over liddle Donnie about his soft approach to Russia? #TrumpRussia
Have you ever wondered if some of the Money the NRA gave you actually came from Russia in the First place? And do you realize that the President you support undoubtedly wishes he could solve his pesky reporter problem's the same way. Life is nothing if not Ironic.
Your shocking lack of self awareness is only more on display when you post bible verses.
If you think thats something, Look at Putin's America.
Will your president do this to James comey?
And yet you remain mute as the president blocks Putin from blame or punishment for what he's done to *our* country. Your words are hollow, Rubio. Sit down.
Like the coincidence of your blocking gun safety laws after taking $$$$$ and lots of it from the @NRA??
Why not call out the Orange Fuhrer about Russian sanctions?

Less tweeting. More action, man.
Well, you’re in Congress.  Why don’t you do something?  He’s sort of occupying the WH, you know.
The leader of your party supports Putin. Stop with the self-serving BS. U don't care
Even worse, Putin picked our President.

#TraitorTrump  and the @GOP  serve a KGB Colonel and are owned by Russian pimps and gangsters
The Left wants WW3 to "cleanse" the planet

Stop clouding with trump. The tower will fall on u too...
Yet you continue to kiss the ass of Putin's puppet (Trump)
And yet youre putins friend.


@realDonaldTrump has avoided prosecution over decades for so many crimes via big payouts, threats of lawsuits, and threats of physical violence.

https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits …
and yet you do nothing about Putin's puppet in the WH. 
Please pay attention of OUR government!  the current President defends Putin as he insults and belittles you, other members of Congress, our Courts, government agencies and Citizens who speak against him...
Why don’t you call out our #PutinPuppet POTUS or move to #ProtectMueller?  45 reversed the sanctions that Nikki Haley announced.  You say and do nothing like most of your GOP colleagues.  It is disturbing  and sad.
You say this but are silent on Trump's collusion and continued subservience to Putin. Your outrage would be a bit more credible if you would deal with the Russian agent in the White House.
Funny how it comes just a day after your #FakePresident decided he didn’t want more sanctions against Russia and you stayed silent. #TrumpRussia #MarcoNoShow
Maybe we should send the Democratic Party over to Russia for a visit...lol
You mean “moderate rebels”

Tell @realDonaldTrump you don’t appreciate his ties to Russia.
Ignore the haters. I think you're doing a great job!
Surely you can muster a bible verse to help you look the other way, right?
Someone should ask the president next press conference. Oh, I forgot. He hasn’t had one since Feb of LAST year.  Also, 3rd year in a row he hasn’t kept his promise to release his tax returns. How can you continue to defend him?
Those windows are tricky though foreal.
Didn’t 45 just change recent sanctions against Russia? What are you going to do about this stuff? Trump appears to have a Russian ageeement if some sort. Right?
send Bernie sanders over maybe he can straighten putin out.
The answer is, What do the Clintons and Putin have in common.
Where are the Russian sanctions, Senator?? Until you grow a spine and demand they be enacted, your tweets are meaningless!!!!
