Go Marco!
That shut him down. Brilliant
ESE PERIODISTA HABLANDO DE CORRUCCION. Y NO HAY UNOS MAS CORRUPTOS QUE LOS CASTROS.
Well played Senator, well played

El periodista Cubano es un miserable,en Cuba solo hay un periódico,una radio y 1 sola televisión,cual libertad tienen?me da asco hasta la forma tan revanchista que preguntan,porque ellos creen q un Diputado va a contestar lo q ellos quieren,socialismo es retraso,pobreza y maldad!
FELICITACIONES SENADOR ASI SE LE RESPONDE A ESE TIPO DE PERSONAS. DIOS LO BENDIGA
You go Marco!!  
Nunca respondió la pregunta... se puso a hablar de Cuba y no aclaró si seguirá recibiendo dinero
Absoluta perfección
Great job Senator Rubio!

Un periodista cubano te preguntó directamente por el dinero que recibes de la NRA. Y no tuviste ni el coraje ni la moral para responderle. Evasivas fue lo que diste. Eso no es responder, eso es mentir.
El periodista es un comefuego del sistema gubernamental cubano. Si fuera un periodista serio tendría mejores preguntas.
Senator there is a certain amount of irony in you calling out a journalist over free press when @potus decries and belittles the free press every single day. You can't have it both ways.
Senator how about working for positive change...since you'll be voted out soon, let's not worry about guns since your successor will  work to fix it. How about working for positive humanitarian change for the Cuban people? Accomplish something for a change.
I am safer walking around Havana than I am virtually any American city. Fact. Once you're free of your Senate duties I'll be happy to take you there. They need, want and deserve our help.
Bien hecho Senador personas como  Ud son los que se necesitan en Vzla ko nos abandone que Dios lo bendiga
In your face!!!
What you should have added, is that the second amendment is there to protect the US from government dictatorships, like Cuba n Venezuela. Good job!
Torrrtaaa en la cara ..pobre periodista iba con su libreto y Marco Rubio le dió tres vueltas.
I sure hope you run again...
Maybe so Little Marco, but when asked about money given to you from the NRA you couldn't even answer. And as usual you have to interfere in the affairs of a sovereign independent state like Venezuela uttering lies about Venezuela. Guzano maimero.
Senator Rubio. Yesterday the Farc Narco-terrorist Santrich sent this letter to the Attorney General of Colombia basically mocking the process and expressing the he will NEVER be extradited!! Your help and all of the DEA's help to put the outmost pressure on the Govt of Colombia!

How about the NRA???
Ah the irony - too bad members of the GOP-  the so called party of "law and order" didn't pay attention to what democracy is supposed to be about! Your continued support of 45 is beyond comprehension! #NOIntegrityGOP
Is he from fake @FoxNews Havana
Rubio is paid by US taxpayer.Kids in US r vulnerable 2 gun violence.Given Parkland Fl Sen should be in US crafting laws 2 protect kids from gun violence instd of running 4 Pres in other countries.Rubio is MIA 4 constituents
Protect net neutrality. Then resign.
Taking hits from all sides waffler @marcorubio ’s approval rating dips 2 an all-time low & rightfully so.  #Unfit2GovernDiverseCommunity #DACABetrayer
Hahahahaha
Oh please don't try and preach unless you stand up for the press here first. However being the waterboy for Trump you don't.
Wow, you actually just tweeted Marco being a douchbag & not answering a simple question. Here is the answer: he will keep taking blood money while God weeps and we will vote him the fuck out. He supports the corrupt Trump government and is no better than any system he criticizes.
he be spinning that fidgy under his desk, like a baller
#reversetaxcuts
Stop obstructing and start resigning!
This poor men talking about “Lobbies”, he was forbidden to step in his own country to stay in any Hotel’s Lobby. Hipócrita y traidor a la bandera y a nuestro país!!. Viva Cuba libre!!
Why doesn’t @realDonaldTrump get a lesson from you in how to respectfully address Hispanics in our country? You have no spine, Rubio.

You didn’t answer the question, “Senator”. Signed, a Florida voter.
He did answer the question. He said he supports the second amendment and the NRA support him because of that.
I doubt he got a lesson in anything, other than conservativism
Hello Senator, as Your Constituant: I've Sent many Letters, Emails & HAVE Phoned Your Office; Asking &Begging You to ADD your Name to  the List & Vote"YES"on Senator Markey's 'CRA Bill', which Restores our Internet Consumer Protection RIGHTS!  -Plz Be a #NetNeutrality Hero !
Marco nails it!!
why would u vote against anything that would make the $3million stop coming into ur "donation" box. Ur a fking joke
We have the Second Amendment in America so our Government can’t round us up and Kill us like Castro did his people.
it is apparent that you should only be receiving ur paycheck and no extra "bribes", those bribes affect how u vote
He did answer the question.
when? I'll re-watch it
you have done nothing to fix this issues we are having with gun violence. Your "donation" $$$ is no more than a bribe
Tómalo es verda todo lo que dijo el Senador marco
LMFAO you didn't even answer the question. But we know ur answer and of course you're still gonna accept $3,000,000
@marcorubio rocks!!!

Did Marco tell them how this goes on in his own backyard?Or how over 40 H1 foreign worker visas were handed out this year @ Mara Lago when there are unemployed residents?  Or how he sold out to Betsy Devos and NRA? @marcorubio shouldn't be wagging his finger at anyone but himself
Lesson in democracy from Rubio of all people? Don't make me laugh
Did he teach the "journalist" how to be a sellout? Coward? Liar?
No he didn't
#BlueWaveComing2018
