Sending heartfelt gratitude from PA! #StolenSeat #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch ##resist #TheResistance #Trumprussia #OverturnCitizensUnited #Democracy
Why go thru the farce of meeting Gorsuch, you were always going to follow the pelosi/schoomie marching orders to vote no.
Garland didn't get a vote in order to stay in line with the Biden Doctrine he issued issued in June 92 as Judiciary Chairman
What on earth did you find to vote against be specific..
What he found is that Gorsuch is not a bleeding Liberal.
Thank you for standing up for all of us in #NM and the US. #resist
WRONG! This hypocrite DOESN'T represent the U.S.! #ResistPOSDems
All you dems have displayed is OBSTRUCTION! You will be voted OUT!
Isn't the rule in the senate that a SC nominee needs 60 votes  confirmation? If Gorsuch doesn't get them why are Republns changing them?
Republicans changed the rule back to the way it used to be.  Needing only a simple majority.  This is the Democrats own fault! ha ha ha..
When. In the last 200+ yrs has it been the way it is now? Don't laugh. Answer the question. Show how ignorant you R to US History.
Cry baby!
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
This is definitely the right thing to do! Your points are well- expressed ...
# hypocrites you know that Gorsuch would be a great Supreme Court Judge he follows the constitution not like u liberals
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
Thank you for your leadership here Senator
Leadership?  This guy hasn't got a clue what leadership is!  You lead from the front...not behind a guy like Stummer.
Yes vote no so we can go nuclear then we can use again when Ginsburg is replaced by Trump!
you should have voted yes. Maybe you forgot to check with your constituents.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you,@SenatoeTomUdall. Plz also warn GOP that going nuclear could b something GOP deeply regrets when they r once more minority party
But it's ok the lying corrupt dems used it right? HYPOCRITES!
The rest of us voted yes, so your incredulous, unjustified & partisan opposition does not stand..
Thank you for standing up for Americans!
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall  for being a True Patriot saying #NoGorsuch.
Only Traitors support @POTUS under FBI #TrumpRussia Investigation
It's the lying corrupt dems that put out a FALSE NARRATIVE of Russia collusion, in FACT dems were colluding w/russia! "HOT MIC", uranium,!
Well, then you can't be trusted to be bipartisan! What disqualifies besides you vague tweet?
His doesn't know what the word bipartisan means...
Wow. There's a surprise. Can't wait for your defeat.
NO!
And thank you
Why? Just because he's not a liberal? #Gorsuch has a 97% unanimous support in the cases in which he participated.
Lika Knife thru my heart...kidding...take care & keep posted...
Please reconsider. I am hopeful Chuck will also consider the ramifications of a nuclear option. Please make the confirmation with 60 votes.
.@SenatorTomUdall EXACT CORRECT CHOICE Bravo  Bravo 
Then you are against women's rights, the working class, and the future of our democracy! White Republican Wannabe!! TRAITOR!
Thank You! A lifetime appointment is too important.
Thank you Tom! #RESISTANCE
If only that mattered. GOP to destroy the Senate to succeed. Why be bicameral? Senate supposed to balance teeter-totter. One end on ground.
Thank You
Thank you!
then u are playing politics and u don't understand we want a working government #Gorsuch #voteGorsuch #SCOTUS
Thank you!
Thank you sir!
#corporate #dark #money pressuring #filibuster #gorsuch primaryied here in NM? #Fracking #mora #Partisanpolitics #citizensunited #Collusion
we all watched and looked at the record,name the issue..besides being nothing but a #Schumer #hummer
So..from now on everything will be done by #nuclearoption ..why even send you there..be your own man not a #DNC #Stooge
You aren't representing ANYONE by getting in bed with #Schumer ,the record stands on it's own,partisan politics is crap,name the reason why.
Udall udon't say. Chucky told u not to. So u fell in step. 
Thank You!
Not a good choice Senator,  look at red/blue map of counties that are not happy with Dems. Remember,  you are OUR voice!
Idiot
Any reasonable explanation @SenatorTomUdall for obstruction of VERY qualified nominee? We remember when you used to have morals. Sad.
Start putting the country ahead of your party and ideology.
You are being shortsighted.  When the Dems have the presidency, the Reps will do the same thing in retaliation.  More gridlock/stagnation.
You are only playing party politics. #Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed in 2006 and has had NO decisions overturned. He's a good judge.
Very sad !!!
Thank you, Senator Udall! #NoProbeNoRobe #BlockGorsuch #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
I will never vote for you again! you lost not only my vote but my respect #puppet
Bad decision since he is the best choice. Does your decision mimic the Democratic majority or did you come to the conclusion all on your own
More @SenSchumer political games?
Please tell us why?
He was unanimously confirmed by ur colleagues @POTUS44 @VP44  @HillaryClinton  in 2006
Thanks for voting #NoGorsuch He is a #Fascist and extremely political nominee.  Many people do not realize how harmful he would be to the US
Thanks Senator!!! Keep fighting the @gop ghouls! Also appreciate your NO on HJ Res 69! #VetoHJRes69
Some of u r nuts. Gorsuch is worse then ISIS?  Who in the hell has he killed? Go ahead love this guy 4 voting NO but Gorsuch will be SCOTUS.
Based on what EXACTLY??
#ConfirmGorsuch or they will go nuclear
I am sick of hearing about RUSSIA! Stop making up lies, confirm Gorsuch & grow up! Sick of you all stalling on everything!
UDALL has lost all respect, liar.
Udall stop lyin 2/3 rd of Americans are behind Pres Trump, their is no proof of connection of Trump with Russia
I will do everything in my power to see if are not reelected!
thank you, Senator!
that is very telling on who and what YOU are.  Hope you enjoy your final days in office. Americans are done with you.
US "act of war" going into Syria? Are you that crazy? What don't you understand about the US NO! in last 3 elections?
just voting political lines. Just so the right thing for the country not your party and your political seat
Why? Because SCHUMER me to? R U incapable of thinking for Urself? No wonder Dems lose races. Reps have total control 🖒
Really very dumb.
Yeah. Teal shocker there, Senator. Tell Pelosi and Schumer they can take their hands out of your back now!
#TrumpTrain
What you're saying is you're a partisan hack like the rest. Not one democrat with courage to confirm highly qualified man.
Where was your outrage with Garland?
Using Biden and Schumer logic, Garland shouldn't received a look. Short memory,Paul?
He deserved a vote, even if the vote was no IMHO
Joe Biden 1992. Look it up. Your ox was gored!
Like judge Bork?
Just like Bork. At least there's precident for holding a vote and not passing a threshold.
"precedent" Visit Biden's remarks '92 if you wish to cite precedent. BTW "Elections have consequences."   Obama 2012
nuclear option
More obstruction. GOP voted for Sotomayor & Hagan. What is your reason now? Dems will lose big time in 2018.
don't need your vote. GFYS
No surprise there, you also giving free housing to ISIS as well?
We didn't block Kagen and Sotomeyer. Please show same curtesy for ABA highest rated judge Gorsuch.
Another LOONEY LEFT LOSER . BUT YOUR VOTE AGAINST CAN'T STOP HIM LMAO
did ya forget your vote for him LAST TIME
surprise, surprise, surprise.Your boy Harry Reid set the standard so no worries.  You also do not want to defeat ISIS
Actions have consequences. Judge Gorsuch will be the next Supreme Court Justice. You are being manipulated by @SenSchumer.
And when u come up 4 re-election Senator we hope the smart people of NM will vote u the hell out of office#drain the swamp
Stop playing politics and wasting our tax dollars Tom. You don't work for lobbyists and pocketliners, you work for us!
Are you scared to go on O'reilly factor? Get some backbone man...
FYI...Neil Gorsuch WILL be confirmed for the SCOTUS. Don't forget...WILL BE CONFIRMED...Period.
UDALL = JACKASS
i wish to rep that someone using ur name is saying alot of crazy nutty as hell comments, u may wish to shutup
siryia  really stupid
Another slimy creature in the swamp.  You should resign.
You are a devil.
on what grounds?He s not ultra-liberal enough for your perverted taste?
He is qualified...You know it and I know it. Stop the partisanship and let's get on with running government for the people.
@badwebsites Thank you Senator. Please encourage other on both sides to do the same. Too important! Bought by Trump.
For what reason(s)???  Because you're a Democrat?
good decision.
Good for you! There should be NO BIAS on the Supreme Court. Gorsuch's "folksiness" cannot erase his right-leaning rulings.
there is no reason other than party politics to vote no for #Gorsuch, you are showing you true colors and it's not NMtrue
you are voting like a puppet and your standard straight dem I would love to have a congressman who reps NM not the DNC
because he doesn't agree with your Liberal, progressive values. You are what's wrong with NM
Would like to know your specific reasons for voting no on such a stellar judge.
Because you are nothing but a political hack.  Oh, the DemoncRATic clowns unite!!!  The DemocRATic party is DEAD!!!
Thank you Senator Udall! SCOTUS is a lifetime commitment. What's the rush? Rs were willing to delay for a year already.
you have my support and encouragement vote No
.@SenatorTomUdall  2 NO on Gorsuch. G's views not mainstream, & nomination by @POTUS under FBI investigation is invalid. @ IndivisibleDuke
partisan hack
Thank you! Gorsuch: views NOT mainstream, & nomination by @POTUS under criminal investigation NOT valid. @IndivisibleDuke
Sir, thank you very much
@HollisCenterME What a shocker.
Not Surprised,a member of #CFR 
Udall shud B primaried. New Mexico,citizens ought b ashamed
@IndivisibleDuke 
Thank you.
Thank you!
@peoples_defense hope u don't get reelected when ever that is
So spite is how you decide. Welcome to behaving like a teenager
all dems must filibuster. thank you sen. udall, indivisible santa fe.
why? What is it that concerns you about Judge Gorsuch?
Thank you for standing with New Mexicans by opposing #gorsuch
New Mexico is almost Bankrupt. Your opinion no longer matters. You'll be appropriately voted out.

thank you senator
Get over it you lost and are being a big cry baby and going to take his ball and go home
Didn't he get a unanimous vote for the last position by the democrats, if you don't confirm him, it's because you want a liberal judge.
not confirming bc he's so much a smarter than you? How about putting politics aside and do the right thing. RECONSIDER.
Are you joking? Pathetic.
one of the best judges you've ever had the privilege to confirm. You are a sad person. So sad you would not confirm him.
New Mexico this guy Udall doesnt have the guts to go on Fox News whats he afraid of????
Thanks for letting us know you oppose the rule of law and support judicial activism. Some people might be ashamed of that.
4those that say TY tell me why you oppose Judge Gorsuch?
frozen trucker case alone did it for me, and I'm at atty who has argued in front of many judges
never seen someone apply a law like that in a life or death situation. No sympathy for working man
tell me what changed between now and the first time he was confirmed y the Senate?
Please reconsider your vote and approve of Judge Gorsuch on SCOTUS
that's too bad. I thought you were better than that.
Vote him out
thank you
@CharlesBivona Thank you Senator Udall #NM
Spare us the swamp will be drained!#MAGA
Thank you!
Thank you for voting NO on Gorsuch.
Can't wait to vote in new senators that actually further our interests instead of being partisan puppets!
that is just wrong, he is more qualified than almost all sitting SCOTUS
@MissyJoM   Of course you will vote no, your a liberal !  No way is Gorsuch unfit fo SCOTUS.  how ignorant you are.
you're*, to the lady calling people ignorant
@Linnlondon1 upholding the Constitution not allowed?
<--- What's in your closet? @Linnlondon1
@Linnlondon1 We are not shocked never thought you would
Predictably partisan-Leftist
No surprise
#ccot
@Linnlondon1 Enjoy unemployment.
you dont agree?
No, from what I've read and heard he's a good choice. Have I missed something?
whew  just making sure :-)
thank you for voting no on Gorsuch!
thank you, Senator Udall! 
but will you permit a straight up or down vote?
You are a Tool. Changing your mind to support filibuster? Tyranny of the minority indeed! Ashamed you represent this State!
I'm very disappointed in you.  Thought you were better than this.  Sad excuse for a man.
Please don't let this unprecedented violation and stealing of the lifetime appointment by politics STAND.
Never in history until last Spring had Senate refused constitutional duty to hold confirm hearings on S.C., #StolenSeat
the judge has followed the rule of law! He has not changed policy ! That is for you and that is what I now question!
You're the man.
Thank you!! <3
Thank you!
Oh thank goodness. He is a charmer but his record not as charming! #resist
thanks for listening to your constituents. You made the right call, Senator
Vote No when your terms is up.
The Constitution offends you?
Thank you.
Why am I not surprised?
thank you from Texas
Thank you!
Color me shocked... a democrat voting against #Gorsuch.  
- Thank You!
Thank you!
Thank you Sen.. Udall for being attentive to the needs of American people. Thank you for voting NO against Gorsuch #scotus
@OrangeOvrlord SAD, that guy is strange.
Thank you, Senator. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!  Grateful for your continuing care and support of New Mexico and New Mexicans in the senate.
We are so proud to have Tom Udall as our senator. We don't have to wonder if Tom will do the right thing. He just does it.
curious why this is the right thing? What positions of the nominee do you disagree with?
Thank you Senator!
