Many of us don't. That's why we have a Neanderthal in the White House!
You can't say "the US" wants this -- we're definitely not all agreed on this.
Obama made great strides toward basic human decency, and Trump has systematically ripped them apart
They don't care! You have to understand, these people only care about wealth and power.
They don't care what happens to anyone who doesn't have something they need.
In Canada many pay HUGE health SURTAX & full school tuition. Others pay NOTHING while Cdn slaves WORK. 4serious illness Cdn healthcare SUCKS
. Data shows poor outcomes in countries with a socialistic medical model like this. A bad idea Udall.
Absolute falsehood and lie, shame on you.
. Socialized medicine has poor outcomes in comparison to industrialized countries: educate yourself lady.
Hey look- all these countries have universal healthcare, and at least 1 of them is industrialized. Are you upper management at Presbyterian?
Which one?
I don't see DCCC chair BenRay Lujan my representative as a cosponsor for HR676. Heinrich not sure-he didn't support cheaper drugs fr Canada.
No it is not a right!
People being healthy isn't a pursuit of happiness? Inalienable rights? Life? That's all in the constitution. There wasn't HC then so it
There were no doctors in the 1700s, are you serious?
No there were doctors there just wasn't the demand for staying healthy. People want to live and it needs to be interpreted that way
How do you know there was no demand?
The Constitution guarantees the Declaration of Independence-There is no interpretation
Then we wouldn't have a SCOTUS their job is to interpret the constitution. There was no HC then 
You're conflating health care with health insurance, two different things.
How do you receive HC?
It is not a human right. People should stop talking like that. But I do support Medicare for all.
#SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
Tom, try reading the CONSTITUTION. It list our rights. Health care is NOT one of them. Stop telling lies. Stop pushing social medicine.
Looking forward to hearing how it will be paid for. Will it add to the debt this country already owes?
With every right comes individual responsibility. How are going to hold the irresponsible accountable?
Freedom of speech is used irresponsibly without reprimand; how is this a question?
I assume you are referring to "speech plus" that threatens life and property. It is detestable and should be punished.
Yet that isn't a law
Are you saying that threats of violence against individuals, and the destruction of property are not against the law? Is at every level.
Senator, Congress needs to get out of the education/healthcare business. Follow the constitution definition for the Federal Government
There's never a program the Government can run correctly, Obamacare is a great example of overspending with Congress exempting itself
Are you willing to follow the same laws that you pass Senator? Are you willing to accept single payer Government run healthcare?
Must include mental health services
Unfortunately, Pringles, Whoppers, and high sugar drinks are also a "human right".
Ironically all the things invested in the good old USA. Perhaps if they'd kept them in america, the rest of the world wouldn't be getting as fat...
But the ROW wants to be like us, unfortunately.
Where can we read the bill?  Curious how you ensure billionaires and working class get same level of care?  What about congress?
Quite simply, look at the NHS of the UK. Doesn't matter if you are the richest or poorest, you all have same level of access. Those with money can speed up their care, but that's the only real advantage.
Can't believe how anyone can call the US a civilised society when healthcare is not delivered on the basis of need but the ability to pay.
Civilized?  Not since it's inception!  There was nothing civilized about how this country came to be..Ask a Native American..
Thank you my a--. I'm  on Medicare not by choice . Ask older Americans  how they like Medicare? It won't  be "Thank you."
No human right can exist that relys on the labor, wealth, or property of another individual.  #LearnWhatARightIs
Seriously Udall!! For once in your political career would you be on the right side of something! New Mexico has had it. #seriously-udall
It's not a right. It's a service.
Life liberty and the pursuit of happiness are all rights. How isn't NOT. A right?
How is health care a right? It is a service you pay for. Do you have the right to have someone prepare your tax return too?
Thank you! Money should not determine if you live or die
thank you Senator for supporting #MedicareForAll
thanks senator Udall for supporting Medicare for all!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator
Yes!
It's not a right.
Thank you, Senator Udall.  This is a big step in the right direction. 
#MedicareForAll
@SenBennetCO You R missing the boat here!
#Colorado #copolitics #MedicareForAll 
I want your healthcare Senator!
Good enough for you not me?
I want them & all citizens on Medicare ForAll
Thank you Thank you Thank you!!!!
How are you going to pay for it Sen? If CA's will cost $400 bill, add NY, TX & FL you are in excess of $1.2 trillion. Still 46 more states.
Naturally!
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall. Your support over the years is appreciated. You stood 4 this b4 it was popular
Will the Senator sponsor a bill that will make my 2nd Amendment firearms more affordable or even perhaps free?
I didn't realize my "rights" came with a monthly statement in the mail.  Why do I have to purchase a "right"?
every human
I know too many people stuck in jobs they hate that offer crappy benefits but if they lost it their ins. $ would skyrocket
Medicare for all can and WILL SAVE the Middle Class!!! Health insurance cost should be based on income, not health.
This is ONLY GOOD for the economy. Middle class could spend their $ on retirement, investing rather than unaffordable insur
More folks will be willing to take entrepreneurial risks like starting businesses if universal healthcare is a reality
I could go on forever, but no one should be punished for getting cancer in a nation as rich as ours...it is a disgrace
Also Med4All would decrease the # of abortions and also would see less mothers dying from pregnancy complications
My relatives in Sweden have NO FEAR of losing their home or going on food stamps if they get diagnosed with cancer
If more went to a doc sooner and could afford testing cancer deaths would be waaaaaay down, prevention and detection is key
(5/?) Med4ALL would increase compliance on taking meds for those who have had to split doses or go without entirely over $$
(4/?) We could negotiate drug prices like all other countries do to big pharma with Medicare for all!
Businesses would hire more people since they wouldn't have to foot bill for health insurance, could invest it back into USA
(2/?) Medicare 4 all will make bankruptcy over random devastating illnesses a thing of the past (Cancer is blind to wealth)
(1/?)Medicare for all would help small businesses and ALL businesses by not having to pay for healthcare of workers anymore
Thanks, senator!
No, its a service.
Can you fight to get us out of the VA healthcare bondage also? I mean, why is Albuquerque a 2 star VA hospital? What are you doing to help?
Health care requires effort, $ and time to produce. Should we have a "right" to the product of anothers' labor? Better societal obligation
Not for free, but yes, a right. As in perhaps, Social Security.
Bs
Glad to see that!
excellent!
Very admirable!!! Where are Ben Ray and 'let's make a law to declare Wikileaks an enemy actor cuz truth is dangerous'-Heinrich on this?
Many thanks
And take that cowboy hat off. You're disrespect the cowboy way. Never met a Socialist cowboy...
Health care is NOT a Right, Tom. You have no Right to another persons Labor and expertise. You're a intellectually dishonest politician.
Thank you, senator.
Thanks for your support on this sir.  I always tell my son that we are lucky to live in NM because we have two great senators.
Thank you Senator
Thank you @SenTomUdall for supporting health care for ALL Americans.
Thank you. Please convince your colleagues to support this too. We must make health care a right for all Americans. We desperately need it.
No wonder we can't get anything done in Washington. We have senators who don't understand basic differences between RIGHTS and privileges
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Udall for making our lives a priority over profits
Yes and that can happen ONLY WHEN CORPORATE PROFITS ARE REMOVED FROM HEALTHCARE SYSTEM!!!
Even a basic checkup for all would save $BB long term, but Rs remember where Jesus said, "Cash only" to the sick and... Wait a minute!...
Well said!
Thank you senator. Time to put progressives to work in Washington. #bernie2020
Besides, how.many doctors will get more business if people don't have to worry bout money. From business perspective, it will be good.
when i lived in NM i had great health care because NM expanded medicaid. thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you! You have my support. Don't waver! Your constituent here.
I've got Heinrich

Very good-thanks!


We will see access to healthcare diminished. Less hospitals & less MD practices with all the bureaucracy. So short sighted.
Yet the rest of the CIVILIZED WORLD has universal healthcare and doesn't have those problems. Most w/ better outcomes. R u a Humana exec?
YOU'RE A THIEF.  IT ISN'T A RIGHT.  YOU TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF.  I'M A CANCER SURVIVOR WITH VERY LITTLE MONEY.  4 YRS.  I AM NOT STATE WARD.
I want 2 give up the multi mil$/year ￼salary that insurance CEOs make. My family should go w/out healthcare so some CEO can b a billionaire?
Thank you for your hard work.

We want the horses to live free!
Thank you for your support! #MedicareForAll #HealthcareNotWarfare
Thank you
Healthcare is a responsibility not a right I can take care of myself much better than Uncle Sam everything gov touches iswe don't need more
Move to Venezuela if you like socialism so much!
It's time by to invest in our health, instead of spending big on insurance plans that burden business while frustrating patients & providers
Hell yeah man, my payments should go up to pay for someone else's.. makes sense
hell yeah
I read that it's impossible for it to pass and that's why all these politicians are suddenly supporting it.
A dictator can make anything a human right or take it away, a democracy votes on it, and it's not free, someone has to pay for it
If we can't come up with the $, is it still a "human right"?

Thank you Senator Udall.  We agree.
thank you!!

Medicare for all will destroy the availability and careers of healthcare providers and tank the economy. U want more unmploymnt & lwr wages?
AMEN!
Thank you so much! :)
Thank you! Sincerely. 
Signed, 
Small Biz Owner & wife of a cancer survivor
Thanks Tom!
Thank you!
Everyone could see a doctor before this debacle.  You've obviously never been in city emergency room.
Thank you senator
Thank you, my Senator!
Thanks Senator.  Musicians appreciate your leadership on this issue
Thank you Senator!
Thank you from NC!!!
We need more senators to support this. Thank you.
If health care is a human right then you must provide it for all humans.
Thank You Senator for your stand for health care for all Americans
 YES! Thank you, Udall! You actually endorsed it faster than @SenSherrodBrown and @alfranken! Please tell them to back #Medicare4All too!
Al is now supporting, I hope Sherrod does as well! #OurRevolution
Thank you Senator Udall.
What took you so long?
Thank you Senator Udall! Our "for profit" healthcare system is not working. We have to stop the legalized drug pushing by Big Pharma!
Thank you!!
Yes! Another one comes aboard.
Where in the Constitution does free health care for everyone appear? I've missed that section my entire life as I've worked to keep coverage
Thank you senator
Thank you! 
Healthcare is a byproduct of another person's labor.  You don't have a right to another's labor.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator. Let's make health care a right.
Thank you!!!
Thank you!!
Patients before Profits. Healthcare is a human right.
Thank you!
Thank you for joining this fight with us. It's going to be a long, hard battle.
Thx Senator Udall - 4 all Americans - 4 supporting #SinglePayer, the low-hanging fruit that can & should unify the @DNC Dem Party. ! Bravo !
Unify the DNC?  Why?  So they can screw us again?
A argument against single payer is that it leads to long waits. Are you willing to let someone die so you don't wait for elective surgery?
Awesome, this is very heartening to see
THANK YOU

Thank you!!
Thank you, Tom!
Then train more doctors.
False equivalence and a blatant lie! Sad!
This made my day, thank YOU Senator Udall, #NM needs #MedicareForAll! Thank you for standing up for New Mexicans.
Thank you. This is such an important move for the citizens and health care givers of the country.
If it's a human right Tom, make a constitutional amendment. Otherwise, go parrot your progressive bs elsewhere.
PS- Tom, no American can be denied services at ER
ERs don't do cancer screening, yearly checkups, or any other essential preventative care. They're for EMERGENCIES.
Then make a constitutional amendment! I'm not arguing that uni healthcare isn't a logical progression- just do it by amendment not fiat.
Doubt @GOP, @POTUS, @SenateGOP agree w/you. After all, they give a damn only for their own.
Thank you Senator! #Medicare4All
The for-profit insurance industry is the thing that has to die. Not all the people that can't afford to see a doctor when they are sick.
Thank you, Senator Udall, for your leadership on this critical human rights issue.
why do i get a feeling this is going to end w/ "GOP didn't let us pass universal healthcare.  Waaaah! Well back to the old stuff."
Instead of just regurgitating platitudes, why don't you tell us how you would fund it
Is housing a right? Why or why not?

Healthcare is not a right.
If the nonprofit schools and healthcare systems are better than ours maybe we shouldn't try to make them for profit...
Thank you sir!
Something that significant, you'd  think the framers would have put it into the Constitution.

But they didn't.

Because it's not.
The framers of the Constitution knew that "pursuit of life" was self-evident, as stated in Declaration. Duh.
They directly addressed speech, press, guns, religion.

But not free Doctor visits?

I wonder why.

Maybe because like you, it's insane?
The rights regarding speech, guns, and religion were amended because they were not declared self-evident. Duh!
....and they had the opportunity. Duh.
But they didn't.
Duh.
Because it's ridiculous.
Duh.
And do you have the $32 trillion to pay for it?
Health care is not a right. How about the gov gets out of it which will allow it to be more affordable for all
me too but killing unborn children is not health care
Thank you, Senator Udall!
No, it just isn't. There is no such thing. #FakeNews
thank you, Senator!!!
What is your plan to deal with the Hyde Amendment and others that will come after to prevent women from getting health care?
