300,000 New Mexicans would lose health insurance if the ACA is repealed. That’s not just a statistic, it’s people’s lives and livelihoods.
People like Pam and Mike, a small business owner in Placitas whose cancer treatment was covered by ObamaCare.
Mike said that "When the Affordable Care Act came along, it was perfect. It was meant to deal with this type of a situation."
Or Daena and her daughter Kitt, who has Type 1 diabetes and is safe from discrimination under the #ACA’s pre-existing condition protections.
Daena told us that "I can’t solve her Type 1 diabetes, but I know there are resources there to help me, like the Affordable Care Act."
#ACA's Medicaid expansion covered the procedures Elena needed when she discovered her very high risk of developing breast and ovarian cancer
Elena shared that "Even in the worst moments this year, I have felt so grateful to know that I didn’t have to worry about my health care."
Jessica & Sam's 16-month-old son, Rafe, has a type of neurological blindness that requires intensive medical care—care covered under #ACA.
Sam said “Every single day we feel a little bit threatened that our son’s future is kind of hanging in the balance with people on the Hill.”
Matthew is an Albuquerque farmer who learned he qualified for Medicaid after his wife underwent a costly emergency C-section.
Matthew says insurance is like "a bedrock" that allows people to take risks and do "all the things that have made our country what it is.”
I'm urging my colleagues to listen to these stories, stop the attack on #ACA & work to protect the gains we have made for our constituents.
Repealing #ACA & ripping away health insurance from millions—or sabotaging it by undermining the parts that make it work—will hurt people.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
BTW if it is Soo good why doesn't congress use it????????
Absolutely!!!!
Are you talking about Medicaid ? They are the Only Ones benefiting from ACA ! Democrats should call themselves Socialists !
Thank you, so true
You are deceived!
BO care is BS passed by politicians.  what could go wrong?
Thank you
Obamacare provided my access to addiction treatment that very literally saved my life and prevented my parents from losing their child.
Prior to O'care I was uninsurable due 2 pre-existing conditions & would've been left dead from the opioid epidemic. My family is grateful!
glad you can go to the Dr. I can't afford to bc of changes. Not just about you.
Liar! My "ACA" more than doubled with half the care. Meds? Not covered. Tell them truth! Only helps illegals, illegally, voting for you!
I agree, Tom Udall has lied to New Mexico citizens to benefit his own agenda as a Democratic. He does not represent our NM vote !
Millions have been taxed because they could not obtain obamacare. That tax goes where?
Obamacare took away my grandmothers health insurance(she had many years). It will cost me more than both paychecks from my part-time job.
You don't pay attention to me. Middle class getting slammed.
*(love)
Well I belong to a NM family and we can no longer afford insurance! Increased 350% since start! Glad someone's benefiting.
ACA has crushed this country u circus clown with Thanks for a hat they matches ur accomplishments.
New Mexico people need to get off of welfare, Obama Care, drugs and medicaid and go to work! New Mexico residents stop this nonsense ! ! !
@ABQJournal it was so good you put 900,000 NMs on Medicaid so they could afford it. You are ABSURD
Let's see given 2.081 million population in New Mexico 900000 is 43%. Albuquerque pop is 559277.  Lots of dollars, lots of TAXES! Who pays?
And then ask the millions of others that lost their Dr and or Plan. Their lives have changed and it ain't for the better
Such anecdotal evidence could be met with equally opposite stories.
Because 30 million people losing coverage is anecdotal? Are you a real person?
Senator Tom Udall AHCA is crashing around US as we speak & that FACT has nothing 2do w the POTUS it's just a lousy plan. Repeal & Replace.

It is a bid lie it changed a lot of lives for the worse, remember you can keep your insurance and your doctor A BIG LIE!
agree it needs to be cheaper and have more carriers across state lines drop that barrier and allow business to thrive
It's NOT Affortable to those of us that work!  I cannot keep paying $680 month with $5,000 deductible!!!!
What is going on is a travesty of our democracy. I am heatsick. Save & improve the ACA or Single Payer!
If ACA so great why did you vote for exemption. Typical liberal hypocrisy.
It is a big lie, where's my 2500 dollars savings?  I lost my doctor, deductable sky high. @POTUS44 lied to America
#FullRepeal
#FullRepeal  we're tired of our premiums increasing and deductable sky high. #FullRepeal , remove the mandate, #gop
I don't know what I would have done without the ACA. Please keep fighting!
He is the liar. Pathological liar.
Thank u for defending our constitutional right to life! Medicaid cuts disproportionately affect disabled DISCRIMINATION! And elderly AGEISM!
http://amp.usatoday.com/story/480446001/ …
Thank you for being the voice of New Mexicans in a place where voices are rarley heard. Keep voting the way we need you to. Good job.
Tom Udall has done an extremely poor job. People need to go to work and get off of welfare, medicaid. . . . .
 VENEZUELA .    The people of Venezuela is fitting alone the 1st Narco-Communist Regiment in the Americas.
Look at our video on the brutal repression in the streets of Venezuela. It speaks for itself. 
Thank you for supporting healthcare for everyone!
What you are not being told or see on  TRUTH https://twitter.com/maximus_paulus/status/889606202430078976 … More on YouTube https://twitter.com/maximus_paulus/status/889608371791319041 … #WakeUp
PresidentTrump #Healthcare speech 4/4.  
Senator Udall - stop the BS. Ocare is failing with premiums going thru the roof...fix it! NM is becoming a welfare state under your watch.
Trump removed the mandate that people who didn't have it weren't penalised, something that helped pay for it. That's one reason why.
Classical liberalism - civil liberties, rule of law, economic freedom, personal responsibility...I know radical concept right - it out...!
Economic freedom has always preceded economic failure. Without regulation, greed and corruption will lead to inevitable crash.
I met you and shook your hand at the March for Science in Santa Fe  Thank you for your attention to healthcare!
Thank you! Vote No on this awful legislation drafted in private!
Vote no on the Trump-Ryan-McConnel healthcare bill..we will not be  blinded as a nation by this vile piece of "legislation"! We're watching!
We need to protect the ACA.  GOP can't be bothered to actually look for a good option in 7 years. they try to scribble something in weeks.
a blue cross nm high risk pre existing insurance was 232$ right before ahca. now 525$ with a 60% decrease in usable benefits. get to work
nice a house hold of two who make 50k a year cant afford the $1100 a month in premiums much less us it. if I divorce my wife. $110 premiums
oboma care is not a lie,wat is a lie is trump   and son, as well as his.idiot soninlaw.
wat is a lie,is trump care,thats where the lie is.!!
Their lives have been changed but MY monthly premium & annual deductible have skyrocketed. OC is NOT good for all so stop acting like it is.
ACA is keeping me from  unchecked diabetes.
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
What many people fail to understand is that the very idea of getting taxpayer-funded help of any kind is horrifying to conservatives.
You show them wonderful stories like this & all they do is bury their faces in their hands & weep for the people who paid the taxes.
But they'll gladly drive on public roadways and expect the fire department to put out their burning buildings.
In their minds, they have both earned & deserve it, so it's okay when they benefit. It's others who are lazy & don't "deserve" it.
My son-in-law is alive because of the ACA. His mother used to be ultra conservative. She's not anymore.
@realDonaldTrump Obamacare is very real for me! If wasn't for Obamacare I would not have affordable HC. #MakeACABetter
Thank U Tom for exposing all the positive-REAL not fake-Med reasons of REAL Ppl on why we must have ACA
The Amer Ppl deserve this or better
U want to know in the ABSOLUTE Why we need ACA or better?
Watch how these NM ppl are struck by unsuspected illness & saved by ACA
ACA NOT big lie for millions Am!

My life
Pre-ACA:Fight disease, fight insurance, Repeat!
Post-ACA:Fight disease, love living life, Repeat!
The President said clearly preexisting conditions will be covered
NOW go talk to those who Obamacare has hurt
And how about the families who can't afford Obamacare in some states? One size does not fit all!
Yea it been covered by complete strangers who have no business pay for her HC. So no it's not a lie. #LiberalStupidity
What about the strangers who pay for your police? Or your fire department? Or your military?
Look  at both sides! .   Millions of people can not afford Obamacare and only freeloaders have Obamacare 
I guess if I lose my healthcare coverage, I'll have to forward my medical bills to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, Washington DC 20500
@jonlovett @danpfeiffer @TVietor08 @jonfavs @deray hi could you help amplify good ACA storytelling!?!?
My rates have sky rocketed since ACA! Of 200%!
Well Tom how do you propose to keep it funded?
11'I Reported #VA Abuse Udall& @ObamaWhiteHouse&They Let Whitewash&Retaliate Thru VA Claims,Care&Harassment,so I Tried #ACA&Couldn't AFFORD
17'I Called @WhiteHouse&Reported VA Liaisons Denied Care&They Let Deny.At Present Ive NO LOCAL Bureaucracy #HealthCare #Obamacare #Trumpcare
Sad Independent Voter 100%Serv.Con.Disabled #NM #VETERAN&Sick&Lack Appropriate LOCAL #HealthCare,because Democrat\Republicans Corruption.#VA
He has no idea what it is or what it covers or how. He's a big lie.
Not a lie but being robbed blind by these crooks! We must get GREED out of HC industry #EnoughIsEnough #Medicare4All
Any one else enjoy a pay raise of 89 % while your company crying they're going broke?
NM is lucky to have you! *waves from Colorado* Were all getting excited to vote out @SenCoryGardner over this among other issues

You have. Put your money where your mouth is drop your plan and get ocare or #RepealObamacare
I didn't get to keep my plan! You weren't lied to because you don't have ocare if you support it so much why not get it instead of what...
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts MOST AMERICANS KNOW THAT djt IS THE LIE. #IMPEACHdjt.
I tried to get but at $1300 a month and $5000 deductible every year it's not working for the working people you don't understand
I do understand but we need to fix it, not junk it. No huge system is great/perfect in the beginning but we need to work on it-not destroy
No...Trump is the biggest lie. He twists & twists 2 continually confuse the electorate. He's the Perp here, not Innocents peeps! #TrumpLies
*Forgetting all those harmed by the ACA.
