Carlos grew up like every other American kid and knows no other country. He says #Dreamers “were given wings when we got #DACA permits.”
Carlos and the 800,000 #Dreamers like him "have proven ourselves of being worthy of being in the US.” Help me share his story if you agree.
No worries. We stand by you and will fight with you. Your not alone!
If you can watch this stunningly honest and forthright video without choking up, you are not human.
Why couldn't your democratic congress pass the bill. You know why
Yeah because you heartless GOP blocked it every time. Stop lying
Exactly. Immigration Reform passed Senate but Boehner refused to bring to vote in House because it would have passed & be a win for Obama.
And God knows they couldn't let Obama win....even for good and right causes....
It was never about Obama's policies. Even when he adopted some of the GOP's they blocked him. It was about his skin color nothing else.
All day long. Being black is Obama's biggest obstacle. For the racists.
I will never understand such hatred, never.
Wow there is NOTHING special about you except maybe mental illness
Thanks for the proof
I'm sorry u feel that way. But us MEXICANS who have DACA we aren't stealing benefits or breaking the law. We also pay taxes!
You are breaking the law. Article 1 section 8 makes congress the only branch allowable to create immigration law. DACA is illegal.
Stop bitching! You have 6 months to start the process to citizenship. In the meantime,  get a visa or green card & do it the right way!
Seems like a great kid.  Millions great kids all over the world. Difference is this kid is ( sadly) illegal. #getinline
Then change it you creeps. Offer a path to citizenship. DACA recipients are better Americans than the white supremacists & Nazis you support
What have you done about this? You are NOT vetting & now children have been raped
He's helping our nation! His home!
These are graves behind BLM palomino valley holding facility in sparks, Nevada
Yep Senator, Taxpayers are supporting this Illegal for over $140,000 per year. How many Abq. Citizens could use even 1/2 that? @ABQJournal
Bullshit. Break down that 140k.
Mr. Udall.  I have all the respect in the world for you. Thank you for caring about my state for so long.
You have 6 mo to get to work. Stop resisting and do your job. Something should of been done long ago besides ya'll resisting Trump.
Absolutely Udall! What about our children Tom? Google tried to hide
I wonder mister firefighter knows about the christian Deep State terrorist organisation that attempts to radicalize innocent civilians...
Do not give up! Congratulations you are a good citizen!
He isn't a citizen.
We support him.
You never help these kids file for citizenship, you let them down!!
Did you file for citizenship? Why not?

Graduating high school isn't an accomplishment. Also, despite the terribleness of the "Nazi" sect, they are citizens, and dreamers are not
DACA is unconstitutional. Combine funding for the wall, making sanctuary cities illegal and DACA into one combined bill in Congress.
I think he should stay, but get in line with the other people already waiting to be citizens. It is up to you to make the laws. JUST DO IT!
We have done this before during Reagan and you still have done nothing to fix the immigration issue. How many times will we do Amnesty?
Dream in your own country. You're here illegally and even your country doesn't allow that. Go Home ! You're taking our jobs and education.
We have helped we built more schools so they could have a good education. It is time for Congress to make a strong law including the wall.
#DefendDACA #Support to all young American #strivers!
I support Carlos and all the other DACA's. I believe they are already "permanent" citizens.
Stay StrongYoung #Dreamers you deserve so much better from the USAShame on you @realDonaldTrump  Counting on our legislators #DefendDACA
Shame on him for what? Following the law? How about blaming Carlos' parents. You know, the ones that didn't follow the law!
Are you a real person w/a heart or just a #Bot RTing #Trump 's line & defending anything your told. His flip flopping must make it hard. Sad
I follow the constitution and the law. Maybe you can inform us of which laws can be broken...
"which laws can be broken" ? Is English your primary language. So Trump is the great defender of the Constitution and U.S. law. What a joke!
If he has a job, he can afford to start the process to become legal, his parents can pay him back
Misunderstood and RTed. Regrets.
#DefendDACA
Anyone have Udalls phone number? Not on his website
Time for New Mexico to rise Up! We are all created equal. Defend DACA. Defend our friends, neighbors, defend our colleagues.
One thing known from personal experience: When needing help, I'll be DAMNED if I gave two diddly squats about ANYTHING more than they cared!
Where these illegals live since it's ok to illegally be here it will be ok for me to move a homeless veterans into their home
Obama did this knowing full well that DACA would be a temporary solution for these undocumented people in America. We should fix the system.
America's Laws, do they matter to you senator? What were you doing when @BarackObama was singing his own agenda in to law #DACA  #MAGA 
Trump hasn't targeted #Dreamers but #DACA has given them false hope. Dreamers apply for citizenship under immigration law.

I stand with DREAMERS.  We are all immigrants.
You have the ability to do it right. You have proven that, do it..  your brilliant.
So, you're a volunteer fire fighter?
Nevermind, you're a bot, Tata!!
We stand with them
