By refusing to release WH visitor logs, @POTUS is only validating rampant concerns about who’s pulling the levers in his administration.
Given @POTUS' unprecedented move to conduct gov't business at his private biz properties, WH has an obligation to make visitor logs public.
I am convinced the Democratic party has lost their minds ! You had too many years under the divider in chief!
OH GIVE IT A REST! Anyone with a brain knows your Russia/TRUMP claim is total PROPAGANDA! SHUT UP and do what your paid 4!
@SenWhitehouse Remember when visitor logs used to be open at the WH and Obama put a halt to that?
BY THE WAY, LETS CHECK YOUR BACKGROUND
As you said, 'transparency in our GOVERNMENT' so that includes you and every single other person in government.
maybe Mar A Lago should be forced to be like camp David. Private and only for the president
That is actually a very good...no, a GREAT idea!
the republicans can't be trusted.
Hey Tom, did you say anything about NoMamaObama's transparency...I believe there was a big lack of transparency there.
We didn't need visitor logs at the WH, did we?  Remember, NoMamaObama stopped visitor tours of the WH for his vacations!
Where was all this concern during Obummer years of "the most transparent administration"? Hypocrite! ...so many shady deals
know two things about Udall both unfortunate: he's a Senator and appears to be an idiot.:
Work with President Trump not against him on every thing, while he tries to save America from the destruction obama left!
Really Senator - come ON give it a rest.  You guys LOST. Move on.
@deejay90192. Too bad that didn't happen before @DevinNunes  decided to visit POTUS.  Who let him in?  And why?
Thank you Senator Udall.  That whole Tsar's winter palace stuff has to be brought into the light
Does bill have number? Need it for @IndivisibleCD16 @IndivisibleTeam URGENT
can the #Impeach45 process start already? Pls, dont let the crook and his ppl keep stealing our tax $ for their vacations
#45 is cutting programs and using our tax $$ for his n his family's vacation but you blame Pres.Obama? ridiculous
Let's release ALL dealings and holdings by every member of Congress as well, including their spouses - what do you say?
Absolutely. Sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander, as the old saying goes.
Thank you Senator for being brave to demand Transparency from 45. Please continue to demand this abt Russia.
you are an unAmerican politically driven socialist.
.@SenatorTomUdall S. 721 @IndivisibleTeam
how about we get the same transparency we got Obama care.
trying to pick myself off d floor frm laffng so hard! Such ridiculousns esp considrng Barrys infams bakrm shodwns!
We should extend that policy to Senators and Congressman. Americans do deserve transparency and Tom Udall is no exception
why didn't you require this of Obama? You're a fraud.
You are an insult as a representative of America.
With enemies in federal government like you, we as a nation are at risk.
Don't you have anything better to do like maybe supporting the U.S. to make us a stronger nation?
we need CIA logs on You Senator!
Do you as a human being have a conscience to be doing deliberate harm to the president.Remember the Of God are upon u
Now we need transparency? You AND your fellow Democrats never demanded it in all 8 years Obama was in office. HYPOCRITE!
What is your problem?
you're damn right and we've waited 8 whole years to finally get it.
Dingaling you call that WORK?
Seriously? You suddenly want "transparency" after 8 years of Obama. That's beyond laughable. Trump's in a glass bowl.
Americans and NM deserve transparency FROM YOU, Senator. The real reason you are proposing this bill is strictly political
log the White House if you want but not private properties.
That idea is simply silly.
This after we figured out what you have all ready done for the past 8 years, first!
How about to your mutli million dollar ranch first
Why don't we have a log in on everything you do tom.
why didn't you introduce this when #Obama was pres? You hate current @POTUS this is divisive double standard!
The previous administration had no transparency!!!  Why weren't advocating that when Obama was in office, he had none!!!
Mr. Udall. Transparency???? guess it should be only from the right, sure not from the left.
Did Obama do this?  In Hawai'i or anywhere other than
WH?
Where was the transparency when obama was president?
shame on you!!!
If you Democrats would do an honest days work and not pedal this garbag, maybe work can get done
Can't let go can you?  Y'all lost, we won, get over it, we did with Obama!
Yes, where was it under Obama, Bush, ?  Well?
Who controlled all the cryto-terrorist Muslims from the Brotherhood  who visited the previous POTUS?
Or it only applies to Republican part since you can do no wrong in your eyes. 2
I don't believe anyone in your party knows what transparency actually means. 1
you and Pelosi should resign before the investigation on the two of you exposed why you are getting divorced.
YOU ARE SO FULL OF IT, WITH THE SH PART ADDED.
Now you want transparency from the WH & Trump. What about transparency from the Obama WH and administration?There was none.
TRUMP IS PRESIDENT- ITS ABOUT TIME THAT YOU AND THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SUPPORT HIM AND AMERICA.. DEMOS ARE A DYING PARTY
Why don't you try to get something done in congress instead of obsessing over NOTHING! Suck it up!!!
Democrats are reprehensible. Is there no depth to which you will stoop? Give it up, already! Donald Trump is the President.
Leave it to a beltway democrat to find another stupid way to increase spending.
Term Limits would be a better cause.
You are on a witch hunt. Get over your loss snowflake
You guys supported a Muslim terrorist for 8 years so get out of the way and let President Trump fix the mess!
We deserved this during the Obama administration. For sure!!!
Seriously?  You say transparency after the last 8 years?  I have no problem with your spying.  POTUS Trump IS Transparent.
UNWARRANTED ACTION!  HIS PRIVATE HOME IS NINE OF YOUR DUMBORAT BUSINESS!
how about you be investigated for fraud and felony crimes against the Repubic of the United States and citizens
So, you expect President Trump to sign this?
Have @RepDennyHeck or @janschakowsky signed on as co-sponsors yet? I hope so!
Why not microphones in the oval office with transcriptions too? Make it official this time!
As well as we should see your logs of visitors and Obama's. Time for term limits!
you are a hypocrite. What did you do during Obama's lack of transparency?
You fers just won't lay down will you/there is mor transparency in Trumps admin than there was ever with Obamas/we hate U
You really R a swamp resident and hopfuly U wil go dwn the drain soon.U&all lib Dems need to wrk 4 the pepl not yourselves
as long as it does the same at Obamas properties and the Clintons oh and how about yours as well.
This is BOLOGNA!
Are you seeing Russians in you dreams? Get over it and move on or you will loose in 2018.
Transparency like the Obama administration? Where the hell were you when Obama administration was up to illegal no-good?
And his private holding are none of yours or anyone else's business. Your immaturity is showing. Then access to all past
this should apply to your home as well. Transparency.
you are definitely a waste of time and tax payers money
You spend our time creating crap like this, yet you don't offer any help with the American Healthcare Act.
Spend your time serving America, not pleasing you're fellow party members! What are Americans paying you for. Surly not to serve yourself!
Put UR head back on straight, man!
open like obamas dictatorship
you must be on obamas koolaid
UR A RINO AND FAKE AMERICAN! GET OVER YOURSELF!  PATRIOTS LOVE #TRUMP #MAGA!  GUYS LIKE YOU WILL DESTROY THIS COUNTRY!
Democrat stupidity is why I and so many others left the democratic party, keep up the stupidity and lose more voters
You want "transparency"? What have the American people put up with for the last 8 years? A Muslim POTUS born in Kenya.
gay president with a tranny wife!
DO WE KNOW WHO VISITED PRES. OBAMA WHEN HE WENT TO HAWAI?
NOT 1XMAS IN WH? NO XMAS PIC? PERHAPS THEY DO NOT CELEBRATE XMAS?
You're a BUTT HOLE looking for 15 mins of fame. Try doing something to help your voters there LIBTURD.
Are you completely crazy? :(
Democrats have clearly LOST THIER MINDS!
give it up will you?!
Funny coming off Obama's most corrupt, secretive and unAmerican admin in history, Be happy we have an American in the WH.
cut the crap do your job&stop trying2Smear our President American people are sick &tired of your crap we pay u don't forget
Where was the transparency when we sent Iran cash?
how about logs of who visited Obama in the White House, traitor
well no constraints on Obama most lawless president ever! Your brother is gone ur next!
how could you do this?
Only if it applies to all of Congress and the Senate
You mean like transparency we did not get during the Obama? Vindictive is what you are.
Enough stupidity! The American people get it..you don't like Trump and you want to thwart him! Get over it!
's office log of committee chair likely more reveal during #Clinton and #Obama errors @xperiement Now there is a cover up.
Thank you.
Another contemptuous move proves again I was WRONG to EVER vote DEM. You're about power w/ no regard for US Gov't or people
Thanks for doing your job & demanding Trump be truthful with the American people!
Must have thought about this brilliant idea when Muslim Brotherhood supporting Obama was running White House.
I second the idea of making Mar A Lago private, and secure! Then no one makes a profit off of who stays there.
,  When visiting foreign gov't officials stay in USA don't we pay their bill for their accomodations while here?
is there the law that the president isn't supposed to be involved in businesses he owns while in office?
@RedHourBen more #AMERICANS need to hold gov't accountable, especially for things like this!!
The people can vote you out of office ????
Would you want the same done to you as a senator ? He is President and you are not. He is the choice of the people. #MAGA
You sir are so wrong.Obama had CORRUPT government &said he had transparency,it was quite the opposite.Trump is transparent
Who is visiting your office and your homes, Senator Udall?
your right, that's why evidence is being gathered on Obama and his INTELLIGENCE and FBI for hiding surveillance on Trump
Make Obama release his Hawaii logs first
idiot
Yay, about time he is accountable for who he sees &talks to,all the other potus just do it automatically,nothing to hide
Just more harassment by the sore losers.
, I like the premise of this act. Where can I find the text of the bill so that I may review it for myself?
...thank you for your service, sir!
you mean Mar-a-ostentatious? And what about at Trump Tower NY?
but we don't care who's entering the country.That's absolutely stupidest thing yet. Fix taxes and economy.This is petty
Well said!
So funny - where eeee you the last 8 years?
Oh really? Where have you been for the previous two administrations?
your uncle Mo would be proud. Thank you for working for us taxpayers who are paying for this southern White House sham.
@PrincessBravato loved this bill! Sad that most did these things as an act of transparency without all the legal papers...
but now we have to waste time and such so traitorous leeches don't get to slide by anymore. #SAD
How about you go full "wiretap" in MAR-A-LAGO Act? That would be hilarious. @realDonaldTrump is asking for it, really.
@ImJustCeej He goes there for meetings with his crew bcs he feels like he's being watched & listened to at the WH in DC.
Really? Wow, where you when Obama covered up and used MILLIONS to NOT be transparent?
please focus on your CURRENT president.
@USHouseNews @FoxNews @HeraldTribune  Great idea.
@RedHourBen **eye roll** just think of what could be done to help people instead of wasting money and time on this stuff.
Epic!! Maybe we can get tours!!! :)
thank you
we can't even get a straight store from CIA and FBI they sure as hell won't do this properly. Just saying
well then make sure we have it with all hrcs logs and Obama administration too! Where were u the past 16years?
Transparency is z enemy of evil. RuepubliCONs r z epitome of evil. I appreciate & applaud your efforts, but it won't pass!
@RedHourBen see like you and your cohorts are trying to ruin America. I don't get it.
Thank you Senator!!!
Bigger fish to fry senator
can we see President Obama's health records, college transcripts and who's paying for his current vacation too?
lol. Never happen. And they say they were transparent. Lmao.
Sure if real. If Obama like then no point. They just left people off and released what wanted ppl to see.
@Stonekettle   Since he insists on referring to it as the Winter White House
Too much work. Just impeach him.
trying to put more "surveillance" on @POTUS for a political purpose #ObamaGate imitation, fyi @Snowden wanted the truth too
if trump isn't doing anything wrong no big deal right? Watch the garbage tho I have a feeling shredders r working overtime
don't think this was done to Obama and all guys Hawaiian trips!
Obama always released his visitor logs
It isn't just  a Democrat thing to want transparency. You as an American should expect that transparency!
Maybe we need to see ur donors. those who u are accountable too!  Release ur complete FEC donor list. After all transparency!!  This smells
Did you request the same.thing for Obama? He did shady deals all the time behind closed doors. Stop fighting our POTUS!!!!
read the second paragraph hun
I agree, lets use the same type of logs you are using at your house and properties
and that obummer used.
Well Tom we also want to see the visitors log when Obama was President.
YES YES YES!!  
why don't focus on healthcare?  Oh, forgot the ACA doesn't apply to you.
Where were you when Obama was POS?
Thank you Senator for this
BRILLIANT. If they want to treat it like the "Southern White House," then their visitor logs should be public!
taxpayers should not have to pay for that, nor to house/protect wife/kid in NY. they should be working/living in DC
Idiot.
Just wondering, are you or your family covered by the ACA? @SenatorTomUdall
Great question! Answer no!
YES!
How can we help! This has to happen.
@SenWhitehouse Whoever    did this deserves marketing: 1st choose great acronym 2nd find words that fit
This is important, along with tax returns, etc & an independent commission to investigate Russian-Election-Trump connection
this is great! Just unfortunate that it needs to happen
