Gorsuch left too many Qs unanswered—on dark $ in our elections, women’s rights to make their own health care decisions, LGBTQ rights & more.
Qs about FBI investigation, emoluments violations & more could go to #SCOTUS. #Gorsuch is not the independent jurist we need right now.
We must keep putting pressure on GOPs til their golden shit come out of their arse by CALLING now!    Demand 4 independent investigation
Thank you.
If Trump could face criminal charges, he can't pick his judge that could see his case.
Thank you
Thank you for standing for right and reason, and upholding our Constitution.
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Senator
THANK YOU!  Thank you. 
Thank you
Thanks, I agree

Great!  Now get on the floor and help. Thanks.
If they finish the investigation efficiently, THEN they can get on with things.  Meantime, NO APPOINTMENTS.
thank you for standing with my @jontester against this nomination. We got ur back @MoveOn #MoveOn #TheResistance
Thank you we must stand to protect our nation constitution, our world This appt could help Trump avoid impeached #NoGorsuch
Thank you for not advancing Trump's degenerate agenda.
Thank you from #Ohio #StopGorsuch
You should be removed from office if you believe Potus can't submit candidates for advice and consent
Thank you!
Well done Senator!
Absolutely right on this...thank you
Thank you, Senator!
We salute you sir!
No,he shldnt! And depending on his Russian involvement, Gorsuch shld be removed, if Trump's guilty, since GOP are unreasonable
I will be voting no when you run again
Please help stop the "nuclear" option too! We can't place someone into a lifetime position that way!
Thank you Senator Udall!
Thank you senator!!!!
I am not from New Mexico but it makes me proud when a senator stands up for what is right and fights back for the people for our country
@funder @POTUS Thank you!
@Varidienne @POTUS This is a big factor in voting no on Gorsuch among so many other factors as well.
Thank you. Illegitimate president=illegitimate SCOTUS. #trumprussia

Amazing that this is going on so long.,if Hillary she'd be removed by now. Our Country is corrupt and just going downhill!
Who gives a shit! Our the reason Trump is president! Enough of the career politician! #TermLimits
@funder @POTUS thank you for listening to the people of the U.S. and for having the good sense to wait until invest.is over
Amen
Thank You.
Mr. Udall, your constituents what a judge who rules by the law instead of making law with his rulings. Please vote for Gorsuch.
#SusanRice been surveiling Trump since Iowa & New Hampshire looking for Russians! & ZILCH. It would've leaked out by now. It doesn't exist
Rice's been surveiling Trump since New Hampshire primaries. IF #TrumpRussia election ties @nytimes would've printed it by now. DOESN'T EXIST
Thank you, Senator Udall!
Thank you Senator! 
Thank you for your no vote!
Thank you Senator Udall
I will strongly & financially support your decision.
Thank you!
Yay!!!
Thank you from New Mexico Tom #TheResistance #HoldTheFloor
Thank you!!!!
Thanks, Senator.
Pall of uncertainty must be cleared first.
We've gone a year without a 9th SJC judge; we can handle another month or two.
Thank you Senator Udall!
Thank You Senator! Heroes do exist! #WeObject #RussiaTrump #SelectCommittee #SpecialProsecutor #NewElection #HoldTheFloor
Yay!
Integrity is still alive in a few Reps!  #HoldTheFloor #WeObject
#RussiaTrump #SelectCommittee #SpecialProsecutor #NewElection #Resist

Sen. Udall; doesn't Constitution invalidate @potus and his ppl if he is found to have colluded with a foreign power? #FoundingFathersRule!
Thank you for your patriotism, Senstor Udall. This country needs you.
Thank You! #TrumpRussia #holdthefloor
What @Karoli said!
thank you and proud of you all the way in Indiana. My senators have let me down. #TheResistance
Thank you! Respect.
Sen. Udall pls stand up and tell the GOP the POTUS is under investigation and there will be no vote until he is cleared. TY
@ActDontReact @POTUS Thank Goodness!
Thank you !
@BaracksBackers @POTUS lol
Thank you
Thank u
I wish my so-called Democratic senator shared your values. Thank you for doing the right thing, Sen. Udall!
Thank you 
Thank You!
Bless you!
@vvega1008 @POTUS 

Thank you!
I Agree and don't understand WHY all Dems aren't making this legitimate complaint. You can bet Rs w/b shouting it from rooftops if reverse
Thank you!
I would let it go an approve a more conservative judgeif you didn't like that, would approve even more conservative go nuclear like dems
Gorsuch is a reputable judge and you won't approve anyone unless he is a liberal judge and sorry but that isn't going to happen,
Didn't worry about that during the 8 years of Obama corrupt governing and crooked Hilliary, now all of a sudden you care
Appreciate the principled approach in these unfamiliar times.
thank you Tom. You are stand up guy!
We your voters AGREE WITH YOUR WISE DECISION.THANK YOU SOOO MUCH. FROM COLORADO OUR HOME
Ty sir for voting no
thank you
Thank you, can you please share your common sense with my Senators from AZ.  They need a country before party pep talk.
What an idiotic excuse.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Another man stands up for sanity and American values.
Look like we can add another useless Senator to the #DrainTheSwamp list.
Thank you. Thank you on behalf of my three daughters and for future generations.

#noprobenorobe! Keep the faith.

#TheResistance
Yes!! 
THANK YOU SIR!
 You got that right! They wouldn't even consider Merrick Garland, and now they are in this big hurry? Said they'll change rules 2 get him
and it is a #stolenseat.
thank you!!
Thank you!
not to mention he's not a fraction of the person or the jurist of any of the sitting justices.
Thank you!!!! No, the president is a criminal and I can never respect his SC choices.
TY #PutinsProtegé is intent on recreating a Russian-style oligarchy here, and #AmericaFirst FP effectively kills our role as a world leader.
Thank you. Please support the filibuster as well.
Thank you Senator Udall!
Exactly!
THANK YOU SIR!
that makes sense and is pretty damn reasonable.  but when has that ever mattered to republicans
Thank you but guess repub senate will go nuclear.  Very bad for country - shame shame
Thank you, Senator! I hope you can convince your colleagues.
Thank ou for standing up for what is right #NoOnGorsuch
Thank you for standing up for the people, Senator!
Exactly!  Thank you sir!
Exactly and thank you @SenatorTomUdall
Thank you Senator. Are your GOP counterparts able to sleep at night? History or Karma will not be kind to those who enabled Treason
Thank you.
TY Senator
Thank you for putting long-term American interests bef short-term shortsighted political goals. (My son is St. John College SF graduate.)
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Totally agree with you.
Thank you!!!!!
What a pant load!  Investigate #SusanRice would be the HONEST response.
that's just one of the reasons - thank you !!!
Thanks for voting no!
I would expected nothing less from you. Party line nothing else matters. Public at large be damned.
THANK YOU!!! #impeachTrumpNow
Thank you! 
Thank you! I cannot believe the United States @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are being enablers , backing this president who is clearly wanting to..1
2/ be in bed with our enemies. And praises dictators.
@funder @POTUS Thank you Mr. Udall!
Thank you Senator for doing the right thing.
Yep - it could be the last year of Trump's presidency - same reason GOP didn't have a hearing on Garland.
Thank you. Please talk to your colleagues on the hill.
Thank you. #illegitimatePOTUS
Its the key point - the middle ground here while Politics is so divided- is to shift SCOTUS appointments to shorter tenancies.
thank you.
@funder @POTUS udall shouldn't let #fakenews influence his voting #fakerepresentation #actualcollusion
Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall !

A wee bit o' common sense left on the hill, aye?
agreed. Thank you.
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall !!!
But every democratic president will be under investigation constantly. Thats how life works now.This tweet will be used by reps in 4 years
Thank you Room Udall.  Little people need to be heard too.
The only right thing to do!
thank you for voting your conscience and using (not so) common sense.
Thank you Senator!
@ActualEPAFacts @POTUS Senator that is a sensible move, thank you.
@ActualEPAFacts @POTUS YES!  THANK YOU!
@WPAdmirer @POTUS thank you
My first campaign experience was at 16, for Mo Udall. You're doing him proud. #resist
Thank u.  U r standing up for the majority of the American people who voted against this nonsense. We appreciate it!
#StopGorsuch
#Impeach45
While I agree with your vote, I think your reasoning is flawed. Despite Russian influence the next SCOTUS pick will be from a Republican.
Thank you.
but won't voting no make it easier to appoint someone to a lifetime position because of the 'nuclear option'?
Thank you,  sir.
1000% THIS!!! You know if it were the Obama Administration being investigated the GOP would be shouting to the High Heavens!
Thank you
Yes, but, do u think Republicans will press that button?
Thank you Senator. 
haha then why did u endorse hillary? #ClintonEmails #voteGorsuch
Please....move to PA...Please I will vote for you.
He shouldn't be making any appointments unless with his shrink
As a New Mexican expat, I'm proud of you for this.
Thank you, Senator Udall.
Good for you #dotherightthing
AS ALL SENATORS SHOULD BE DOING UNTIL AN INVESTIGATION IS COMPLETE!
Don't want anyone Trump appointed until the investigations are complete. We cant trust anything that is going on in the WH.
Thank you for doing the just and honorable thing.
You're going to lose, he'll be confirmed. But you need all the welfare votes in your poor state, so keep on being a typical politician
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
thank you sir. The country needs more civil servants who work towards the common good.
Garland Merrick should be on that seat...period...what the GOP, did was disgraceful. ..trump is under investigation..he should be powerless!
BRAVO, SENATOR! VERY GOOD POINT.
Thank you so much for your "no" vote...I totally agree with you...
divisiveness will destroy your lame party... Carry on!  America spoke at the polls re: Garland #getoverit
Thank you, Sen. Udall! 
Sorry to hear you gave into pressure from the extremists.
your welcome. Glad could help you laugh after you losing House, Senate, WH.
Thank you Senator for taking good care of America and Americans.
you are right. Thank you for your NO vote!
There is NO proof of collusion between Russia/Trump and we all know it.
Gorsuch will be confirmed whether you like it or not. #Disgrace
Thank you for voting no on #Gorsuch
Thank you!
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall
@BethBoynton @POTUS thank you for standing up. I want to know Russian law investigation results
Come on, that makes no sense
You're a patriot.
Thank you.
