Indeed. Tom Price only reimbursing $51,887.31 of total +$400,000 cost of private flights he took https://twitter.com/JDiamond1/status/913497567056596992 …
true that he and his wife have also used military planes to the tune of 500k plus the 400k?Taxpayer $ are like ATMs to these guys.DAMN
Seems he should also pay back cost of the flights his staff took on COMMERCIAL flights since they did not join him on his PRIVATE flight!
There needs to be accountability that involves losing his job!! This is ridiculous!!!
Next up: Trump's wasteful travel expenses for golf at his properties and for his fundraising rallies.
And 45's kids trips Security detail. Over $300,000 for one skiing trip. Crikey
If any of us "little people" did it we'd be fired and taken to court. Like the PTA Treasurer who pads expenses or uses Cr.card for own use.
Should reimburse the sum total of all private flight less the current cost of all corresponding commercial flights. Mnuchin, etc.
US Gov't needs to 'claw back' the entire amount that it cost to transport him.
Right, @JDiamond1. Instead of paying Price for his work, he should pay US a half million.
Pay it all back
Mishandling tax payers money when it's not your money it's easy to spend, spend, spend.
Drain the swamp!
About gun control. congress needs to grow some balls and stand up to the NRA. Don't need asult rifles, silencers, and loop holes in gun law
#WhiteCookieMonster
Half chewed to boot
Charge him with embezzlement
And he’s gone!!!
Perfect Summary!
What about Ziske and others sticking their hand in there?
he who is without sin cast the first stone.  Are you without sin?  Never used taxpayers money for your own purpose?
So, he just gets to arbitrarily decide how much he thinks he should have to pay back? Must be nice to have it like that 
Exactly pay the money back Price all of it, you are a fraud anyway & the SEC needs to jail you for insider trading get out! @RepCummings
Actually, it just came out that the total cost of his flights comes to well over $1Million!
This administration respects no laws our rules as we can see they can get by with it who is stopping them
This begins at the top. 

45 to his cabinet: I promised to drain the swamp *wink* *wink*
Great, can you impeach the terrorist in the WH?

.@SecPriceMD .... you work for the American citizens, WE pay your bloated salary.  WE DEMAND TO BE REIMBURSED IN FULL.
Sen Udall NM loves you for saying this please follow up & see that charges are filled
@JDiamond1 Lock him up
So either way- it's like this Someone steals money. They get caught. Oppps! I'll put it back they say. 
Doesn't make it "ok" Crime committed
Once again the reason why I trust nobody in politics. My money simply gets pissed away
Yea, but who's going to do anything about it?
Say it LOUDER!
He thinks it’s like bonding out- pay 10%
Dr. Tom 'Kevorkian' Price needs to pay the whole amount, not just the deductible.
Cheap rich guy. Typical. Hates to part with his pennies.
Hes basically spitting a luge into the cookie jar and saying 'see? We're even!"
Call your MOC’s 202-224-3121 or send free faxes via #Resistbot by texting Resist to 50409. Demand Price’s resignation and reimbursement!
On trip cost more than that
Now that's an eye opener 
Who decided what he "owed" and is there not consequences if you pay it back?
Am I the only one weirded out that @SecPriceMD had nearly $52,000 in his checking account? 
Make him pay it back and fire him!

Says the man who has never once criticized Obama and can't seem to remember what his job is under Trump.
Looks like he took an extra $500k out of that cookie jar.
SCOOP w @rachanadixit: Price’s travel on charter jets, government planes has topped $1 million since May. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/28/tom-price-military-jets-europe-asia-hhs-243276 …
Hold him to full reimbursement. He should be fired frankly.
Get him!
If you TROLLS, are STUPID enough to listen to this LYIN CON ARTIST THIEVING TREASONOUS CRIMINAL &BLIEVE HIS CORRUPT LIES in SORRY 4 YOU ALL
Hell he is keeping the cookies and returning the jar
Who are the "takers" again
So much for "draining the swamp". Keep their feet to the fire, @SenatorTomUdall
Tom Price is a liar and a crook stealing money and thinking he could get away with it should be locked up
Pay it all back.
He's just a piece of work.
Aren't several cabinet members nor taking a check?
In his defense, he thought since Trump is a criminal it was OK.
This crowd truly believes that they are above the law.

He seems like the kind of person who would lick the rest of the cookies to ruin them for others.
We want all of it returned, please make it happen! Then he neda to be removed.
*Needs*
We Let Bank Robber Return The Money. ..This is Absolutely Ridiculous. ..TRUMP Needs To Run A Clean Ship. .Does He Know How? ?????
Trump needs to stop wasting taxpayer money in his golf travel and fundraising rallies. When is that happening?
But I agree with you!
Per Price, "American people won't pay a dime" for his seat on those charter flights, but his package of pretzels is a doozy. #stench
Hehehe. No kidding.
@SecPriceMD @SenFeinstein @realDonaldTrump @VP Price, good down payment. Need a loan from Russian Bank? I hear  trump has an inside track
Why? He should reimburse the taxpayers the full amount! He was in Congress; in what world did he think this was,ok???
The same world he was in during his insider trading spree.
Well they most not know what stuff cost Cohn says we can redo kitchen or buy car with our huge $1000 tax cut they need to pay attention
If You Don’t Chop Off The Head U Can’t Kill The Beast Congress STAND-UP America Needs Patriots Not Cowards Impeach #POTUS! #senatorcitizens
If Samuel Adams was Tending his Bar in Boston he would be Gathering The Sons of Liberty and Planning the Revolution!  #senatorcitizens
Lock him up too
