@FoxNews @CNBC @ABC @CBSNews @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FoxBusiness @KellyannePolls If obama was truthful he should have fired Comey in July
Actually Comey rightly should have been fired by Obama /DOJ when he closed & gave verdict in Hillary email case that was not his authority!
@seanhannity @TeamTrumpAZ @The_Trump_Train @newtgingrich Comey a investigator took liberty& became a prosecutor in H & Weiner email scandal!
If T fired Comey in Jan DEM/MSM would have the same narrative..the fact is T collusion was under investigation since July & Nothing found!
Frankly Comey had to be fired after he confessed in his last testimony that concluded TheWeiner's didn't commit crime..again crossed theline
@JamesComeyFBI @SenSchumer @TGowdySC 
Give Comey the stand with immunity to give the truth on H/Weiner email scandal & Trump/Russia connect!
Why not appoint special prosecutor to review Hillary /Weiner email scandal first? This can be completed soon as all materials exits!
Firing Timing can always be questioned by vicious people..if Trump fired Comey after 1 month one could say Putin demanded..its T's right!
Nope. Comey is a leaker and corrupt w the Cli tons. Open your eyes
Hillary would have fired him too..
Delusional dems and their conspiracy theories. They have let their bias allow them to completely lose grip on reality. Hilarious stuff!
They regurgitate talking points like lemmings over a cliff: Russians, coverup, special prosecutor!  ALL just innuendo and wishful thinking..
dems will all have egg on their faces for the ridiculous hype. Trying to overblow Russian thing for months, when it turns out zero on Trump.
Not that they mind. They will just pretend they didn't make fools of themselves for months. And their apparently stupid voters will forget.
LOL...
Not the first, won't be the last until anybody explains to him that being Potus is not the same as being a CEO - please - anybody 
"Adios" said the illegal immigrant.
Jeff Toobin is a moron! His words have no merit.
Also, he had a 10 year term. So his term means nothing..right? Maybe the "term" means nothing.
It doesn't if he's incompetent.
What about obstruction of justice?
What about that? Ask Lynch and Clinton.
@jofess15 @recarter44Rick @CNN we shall see!
Sut-up Jeffrey Toobin...
He should've been fired when he announced the investigation about the emails 2 days before the election so I can't bitch about today
#CNN and this idiot have real horrific agendas against our President.
Toobin you should have checked with Hillary! She is probably doing the happy dance! She said Comey cost her the election!
LOL 
Really !
What happened was it something he said 
Like Hilary emails were all lies ?
No that can't be it !
Unfortunately, this is politics as usual for this administration and no Republican has the balls to stands up for what is right.
You're probably right.  But we have to hope there are a few that have backbones, and put country over party.
If they haven't done it yet they won't! Sad for most Americans who see through Trump and his administration.
Trump Must Go!  He's a danger to democracy.
Comey should've been canned weeks ago. He lost the faith of the American Public!
If you didn't vote last election, you helped Trump become president.
58% didn't.... enjoy
Yea they did..sad u
Our choices were a crooked polititition or a raving lunatic. 
I voted for the crooked one.
She's not crooked. She's a smart good woman. Like Trump isn't crooked?  He's both and more. Get his ass out our WH now!
Are you kidding? She's not running again and he's gonna be in prison. Mark my words.
Kinda like Yates, the 9th circuit judges abusing there poweralso
"Why's he talking this way?"
What you can't see is @JakeTapper giving Jeffery Toobin a wedgie from under the desk.
Pres. Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey is a "grotesque abuse of power," legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says http://cnn.it/2px6iZr  
Trump must have done something really bad if he fired Comey & discredited Yates.  GOP stop being complicit & support Independent Prosecutor
Yeah @SenateGOP Country OVER Party! #Russiagate #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpColluded
CNN is having a meltdown it's delicious
The fact that you don't realize you're hurting our country
Get a paper bag and breathe in it slowly. 

You're welcome
What are you talking about? Why do you think it's okay to divide? You think this is a win when it's just hurting America
Define "this."
He's a snowflake.
Oh boy, we better not give any heat. I think he only has 1 paper bag and it's gotta last
The fact that you think snowflake is an insult is strange. The fact that you're a woman and support Trump is strange.
This is a stupid statement. Firing the FBI director is fully within the powers of the POTUS.
No it's not a stupid statement when said President is UNDER FEDERAL INVESTIGATION..Christ, Trump's cultists are mind-numbingly absurd.
Sorry. Not a "grotesque use of power."  Are optics bad. Sure. Allows individuals like Toobin to cater to those ignorant of POTUS const pwrs.
Our democracy is under attack. 
Why is anyone shocked? Yates damning testimony, he had to change the subject again.
This guy is paid hack and CNN should be called FNN - FakeNewsNetwork
The Truth since CNN didn't tell it: investigation still being carried out + Comey committed fireable offenses.
Hmm the delusional continue the charade, this whole fake news is one hell of a charade to get all these interviews pre-screened for us.
Trump is a pig and will go down I history as traitor!
CNN when will you tell us the truth about  Mr. Hoover & the unyielding secrets that still go on today.
Toobin is crazy and dangerous running at the mouth with his remarks @FoxNews
Why do you let this guy embarrass CNN further?
A total understatement. Democracy is at risk here folks.
American citizens line up and use paper ballots.
One VOTE- one person.
Have 4 citizens sign off on each precincts tallies...
VOILA! FREEDOM!
Comey  deserves  all he gets. You lie  down with dogs  you get up with fleas
Kinda like 45 and the swamp monsters he's one also
:^)
go back to /pol/
:(
And unfollow Molyneux k
right away sir!
Sing like a canary, Comey!!
And meeting on tarmac was legal?
Oh please!
Typical response, when a democrat does something grossly inappropriate 
When it doesn't fit their narrative. This is always the excuse.. haha
Not best friend. But the timing looks very suspicious.
Hahahaha. Didn't these fools wanted Comey fired for messing with Hillarys campaign. Hahahaaa
Just because the FBI Director is fired doesn't mean any investigations stop. Enough with the propaganda, you lose credibility.
When will this nightmare end?
it did when Barry left white house and the sea hag didnt get job
Me, hearing #JeffreyToobin agree that firing #Comey is Drumpf signing his own death warrant. #giddyasaschoolgirlonxmasmorning #Watergate2
That just means you're dumb and partisan. There's no substance to a Trump-Russia connection-- just ask Podesta; he made it up.
Wow, can you say, "Watergate!"
Wow can you say "Clinton Foundation". Now all will be revealed.

Exactly
I totally agree!!  Sally Yates' testimony was damaging to Trump's administration and the GOP are trying to side step the real issue at hand.
Totally agree

It's pretty mutual for anyone who wears a pussy hat and sits on their ass all day collecting govt checks while they resist bn American #MAGA
How is this fake?  Are you implying TRump did not terminate him?
You're just simply stupid
No, your mother.
This. Will. Not. Stand. This. Will. Not. Stand. This. Will. Not. Stand. Comey. FBI. @realJeffreyLord
Pres. Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey is a "grotesque abuse of power," legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says http://cnn.it/2px6iZr  
Comey investigation  got way to close to trump
If socialist Obama did or Hillary you would not have a problem with it
Bravo Jeff
Impeach Trump.  Let's not wait until he's caused so much damage we won't be able to recognize our country anymore.
He's still fired President has the law behind him @donlemon @VanJones68
Firing someone who is investigating you? How convenient. It's time for an independent commission
Exactly!
grotesque abuse of power  Is to invent  the stories of the Russians in the elections He must be thankful that he was not fired before
The Democrats that are critical of the firing now, have been wanting Comey dead 15 seconds before it was announced. Now they are bitchin'.
Watching liberals defend Comey who may have cost Hillary the election is priceless 
DON'T TALK SHIT. 
He is the President.
@LeslieMarshall see Trump ridiculous letter, see paragraph 2.
isn't this how dictatorships get started??? Fire anyone and everyone that can get you into trouble
Its a grotesque use of the Constitution you mean?
Trump d dictator rears his ugly orange head yet again
La lealtad es para el país y sus instituciones, no para las personas que las integran porque son pasajeras.
I hope everyone listens to this man he knows what is happening and what will soon happen
If the POTUS has the power to fire the FBI director, then NO...it's not an abuse.  The guy was so politicized now, he HAD to be fired.
lol I knew the liberals was going to do this... u guys are losers always making shit up... #conspiracytheorist
He should have been fired day 1
Fake news. Propaganda. You all hated him and wanted him fired.
Please continue 2 be the voice for the people Don't let Trump lies take over this Country. We depend on you! Keep asking the Hard Questions
CNN Verified account ID is misleading using word STATE @Twitter @verified @twitterapi @POTUS THIS IS THE COMPLAINT FAKE NEWS ID.
No, it was the proper use of his executive power. Comey misused his power and made decisions he should not have made. THAT is why fired.
Maybe he can hire Flynn back head of FBI because he's a great guy POTUS said earlier n exonerate himself n all others in WH nest of scum 
It truly is and we are helpless because Trump can hire next FBI director with 51 senate votes.  Democracy is the loser here
"For cause" is not an abuse of power. Take it up with the Supreme Court.
360 stop  making  excuses for the  witch it's all about  from Russia with  Trump  it's a  dictator the  bitch know
Seems like a humongous RED flag..
Bull shit " he serves at the pleasure of the President" dummy?
LOOK OUT HILLARY YOUR GET OUT OF JAIL CARD JUST WENT TO THE BOTTOM OF THE PILE. LMAO
CNN should fire this guy.
CNN's been trying their hardest to normalize Trump.  Happy now?
SEEMS LIKE NIXONWATERGATE ALL OVER NOW PRES FBI DIGGING INTO AND ONTO RUSSIA TIESSCAPGOATPUTTIN PLAYGOLF TEE OFF COMRADEIT'LL BE
Patriots have been coaxed into voting for traitors, speaks on the intelligence of these people
The abuse of power occurred when Comey refused to charge Hillary.
Gee I hate to say this but @mike_pence please go to congress and invoke the 25th amendment and save yourself and your country.
Your not biased at all
Unless it's Bill Clinton.
Jeffrey fresh from the "school of idiots".
Trump won't fire a guy who might have anything on him, CNN pissed because this kinda proves there's no evidence of Russia and Trump.
Trump is guilty of Abuse if power under Color of Authorityi
Petition Congress for independent prosecutor & commission to investigate Trump Russia ties. How do we start legal petition? Anyone? #Comey
CNN still on the air!???..incredible
This Is BS Talking about Clinton, 8 months ago, But The Same Person Under Investigation will appoint another Lackey!#crookedtrump
#phonyTrump
Go Jeffrey.  This is absolute crap.  Speak loudly.
No it's his right and should have been done long ago
Who cares what he says? He doesn't make a minuscule of a difference! Just another mouth! Nobody listens mister. You're insignificant. Blow!
This kind of thing goes on in "Non Democracies!"
I hope they hang him out to dry-such Democratic SUBVERSION cannot be tolerated 
Democrats never fire FBI directors. LMAO
 William S. Sessions, FBI director fired by Bill Clinton
Thank you Jeffrey Toobin for  calling it like it is. The firing is a total cover up.  Obstruction.
This is just lol #fakenews
This is silly
Are you kidding!  No liberal can talk about abuse of power after 8yrs of Obama and Clinton.
Don't you get it Toobin, Trump supporters don't want normal. That's what we hated & why we voted Trump! Way to go Trump for standing strong.
Impeach that fake president. He is so crooked.
Oh my god....how much longer r we going to let these crooks in WH destroy our country??
He is right...once the noise goes away....they will be joking and making excuses for Trump again. It's a cover-up and on a downward spiral.
I'm calling shenanigans!
No a un consequential tarmac meeting/decision to not prosecute by non Atty/man who forgot he was a federal L.E.O. is gross abuse of power.
Breaking news leftists mad they can't try and have a kangaroo court anymore. Claim it being dissolved an abuse. # James comey #FakeNews
Hillary kiss your sleep goodbye.  Trump is coming for you big league.  #LockHerUp
Comet was nothing but a Clinton, stooge. He should have been fired when he helped destroy State department computers.
I'm with Jeff.  He is always right, but if possible, even more right tonight.  Jeffrey Tobin for special prosecutor.
Thank you Jeffrey for speaking the truth!
Trump said he would fire anyone who stepped on his toes that's common knowledge
So Liberals did #COMEY  do a good thing or a bad thing to #HillaryClinton 

Toobin is being a #Hypocrite 
#SadMad
POTUS, American and TV shows. Interesting.
Okay
Yesss
What's grotesque is your tantrum on CNN, your name calling, directed at the people involved in the @realDonaldTrump campaign, and your lies
More corruption from the 45th administration! I believe, soon justice will be served!!!
Yup! I agree 100,000,000%!!!
Bill Clinton fired FBI director,William Sessions.Was this a "grotesque abuse of power?"Have you forgotten this bit of history?#AgendaMedia
Everything about Trump is gross. Another road block trying to stop the investigation into himself. How pathetic.
Toomey just said the emperor isn't wearing any clothes and the new FBI director will be "a stooge" of Trump. Exactly right.
Toobin. Not Toomey. Sorry.
Except when James Comey is attacking Hillary Clinton, then it's James Comey committing the grotesque abuses of power… #Hypocrats
And if THAT hack sees it....
He fired Comey, so he can give the job to Flynn
Jef Sucks he should have never put himself in that place! Oh did u forget that Hillary was Mad at Comey for costing her the election!!!!
An abuse of power? Comey couldn't decide which side he was on when the right answer is "neither".
Repub's can't see how the investigation is linked to him getting fired & still blame HC 4 all. How far we go to deny we made a mistake.
only now you say this, because you people just can't stop bashing Trump. You are all a bunch of pregidist Fake News people.
William Sessions though.
NOW as he is sched to testify and is investigating Trump.  But not BEFORE, when it worked on Trumps Favor! 
SO TRANSPARENT.
Jeff Toobin is right.   Trump firing Comey is a "grotesque abuse of power".  IMPEACH
Is this guy just making things up? He just said Comey was investigating Trump?
Toobin is a tool
Kirk - look on the bright side. We get to live through Watergate Part Deux. Very exciting as long as Trump does not ruin our country
Bravo!!
Wwwaaaaaaaaaa. WaaaaaaaaaaaNN
Jeffery you can't apply "reason " to Kellyann Con-job nothing reasonable or logical ever crosses her lips.
Another person should be bolted and that is the con artist in the white house
So Was Firing Yates !! If a ban couldn't pass the court don't ya think a revision was in order ? Instead she was fired for being  impartial
Trump seems to be a breakless vehicle like.
Wait, Toobin is a New York Jew, right? WHAT A COINCIDENCE!
@Evad_25 BOOM!
Americans chose Trump! I like this part bcoz u like telling it to the rest of the world "Choices have consequences"!
Washington (CNN)Federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn
Isn't the acknowledgment by DJT he was told by Comey 3X he wasn't under investigation  itself 1) a leak 2) a violation of the law? #impeach
everybody from trump mafia fired ...
Seems unbiased...
Yet the Democrats wanted his head on a platter last year.....How many meetings really occurred on the tarmac....Many
Draining the swamp!!!...
Unhinged
Obstruction of justice?
Umm that's exactly how American law works. The rich get off while the poor get bent over and fucked dry.
It's time for us to ask ourselves is this the kind of President we want in America. He is simply shabby!
Welcome home to what we frowned upon in N. Korea, Iran, Zimbabwe...
Bla, bla, bla. What a waste of oxygen!
Call for impeachment!
we need to get him out of office
 He should be impeached
Did Comey have a contingency plan? Dismissal was a possibility. I doubt he is entirely unprepared. Fingers crossed.
. Not a supporter, but I foresee Lindsey Graham becoming a hero. God help us if we can't find one patriot in Congress..
Liberal Hack .@JeffreyToobin should be happy - Comey refused to charge .@HillaryClinton!
Does that mean we can expect DJT to resign any day now? #trumprussia
Lefties n Libs hate having their "guys" (or as I like to call em... Snakes in the grass) fired for being shifty fckrs.
HA Ha asshat
@CearstiS
Nicely done @POTUS
Exactly.. now this opens up the independent investigation.
Welcome to Donald Trump's America
