#MonumentsForAll are huge assets to local communities & economies & fuel an $887 billion outdoor rec industry that creates millions of jobs.
#OMDP4NM is an #NM treasure that draws tourists from around the world to #LasCruces, creates jobs, and boosts the economy.
#NewMexico #publiclands like #RioGrandedelNorte must remain protected so that future generations can fish, hike & enjoy our natural bounty.
At #BearsEars, Tribes are co-managing lands for 1st time ever—preserving centuries old sacred areas that tell the history of early SW Tribes
This is yet another #BrokenPromise by @POTUS. He campaigned on preserving Roosevelt’s conservationist legacy. Now, he wants to tear it apart
Anyone else feel he's just spinning his wheels and cowering from real issues with "Park stuff"
It is a huge deal to me!!  Many species near extinction are involved in this "park stuff"
He does if it was done by EO.
Actually as these designations were done through EO, not Law he can rescind them. Do your job and pass a law.
@MoonAngelWings @POTUS RESIST!
I want to know why congress is stonewalling and not getting this man out of office. All we hear is lip service. Why are you all so afraid?
It is bizarre, and says all about the state of America today.
Completely true. They're afraid. I just don't what they're afraid of.  Mr Udall usually is fearless.
They have no idea what to do. How do you control a crowd of rabid lunatics?
Says the group of rabid lunatics
OK, he's just a scumbag then supported by...
Please save our parks!
and you don't have the authority to interfere in Presidential decisions
Thank you, Senator Udall!
I am panicking after hearing Reince said they are looking to mess with the 1st Amendment.
Oh. My. GOD, Senator. You've got go stop this craziness!!  We are 1 false flag terrorist attack from a dictatorship.
Senator Tom Udall, this makes me so happy to know someone will stand-up to Trump. I know there's protections , " Antiquities Act".
Those mineral rights holders and buyers will keep badgering him to do so.
Thank you
That made me feel better. Because the cruelty in his voice this morning made me very, very angry.
He's getting crazier every week. I don't know if I can live in this country anymore.
I should have stayed in Europe. My husband is Dutch. Now it’s too expensive to live in his hometown (Amsterdam). We’ll move if we have to.
@thepoliticalcat @POTUS thank you Senator. We need these lands for our children. We need the jobs they created to stay.
Thank you Senator Udall!
Thank you Tom!
thank you senator Udall for fighting to protect our Nation's treasures!
@dezignerchat @POTUS and we'll be with you!
What was this in response to?  I blocked you know who.
Sick 'em Tom!!!
That's because he doesn't know the law, or Constitution, like most of our elected officials. Hence stupidness.
Right on. Also, since when can you resign from a Treaty w/out Congress?
Thank you.
Thank you for your leadership. These parks benefit ALL. Priceless importance and value. You will not be alone in your fight to protect.
He's only doing it so he can have room for the over compensating statue of himself.
@Lee_in_Iowa @POTUS Thank you. Every American should share this view. #NPS
Thank you!  If he could he'd mine them all!
Thank you, @SenatorTomUdall for standing up to this nightmare we are supposed to call our president.
Go get him, Senator!!
I'm trying hard to keep up with all that man does. Its almost impossible to keep up to the insanity
Thank you.
Please don't let this happen. This country's natural beauty would be ruined forever.
Thank you!!
I like your hat
Call #congress 877-650-0039 #resist #education #healthcare #justice #budget #environment #parks #water #pollution #cleanair #cleanenergy
You won't be alone!!
Trump thinks being president means governing by exec order. GOP congress needs to grow a spine and represent the true interests of voters
Thank you Tom! We love you!
Thank you!
@trumpgoindown Trumps problem is he thinks he OWNS  the whole damn country instead of working for us, he needs schooling.
Thank you for your strong statement, Senator Udall!
Please do!
Who does have the authority?
Is there anything Trump doesn't want to exploit? The man is a disaster area.
Thank you Senator for coming down on the right side of history & not allowing chump to LOOT our American heritage.
I just put a deposit down on condo at Trump Tower, Grand Canyon. The views r spectacular!
As a soon-to-be resident of NM & lifelong westerner, thank you for standing up for preserving our public lands!
HANDS OFF California's Giant Sequoia National Monument!
Thank you Senator.  Fortunately, my Senators are on your side.  Can't imagine why they all aren't
Thank you.
This land is OUR land!!!!
If they can get monument status lifted, then all their oil, gas, ect comp that GOPs hv & invest n can move n & start tearin them up
All this SOB administration cares about is how much $ they can get n their pocket.
As soon as I heard him talking of this it both upset and angered me
Bravo!!! Somebody's got to stop this guy from destroying this country!
Thank you, thank you,  thank you!!
Get off your behind and off the liberal obstructionist wagon.  Put the people first and not your party.
Enough already, how does POTUS not have authority.  Fight for NM economy and jobs.  Quit pandering to keep your seat.
Another day, another broken #Trump promise. Fight him with everything you have Senator. We support you! #LyingTrump #LiarinChief
He will probably sell all of them.
Thank you
I hope you do & I hope others in power will stand up to the big orange bully, too. #PRESERVEMONUMENTS#PRESERVEWILDERNESS#PRESERVETHEEARTH
Thank you, sir!!! #Resist
Thank you a million times over
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank you for your service, sir!
Thank you Tom Udall!!  Its unacceptable for him to delete all the great work of previous presidents w his corruption
Can we vote for you?
Thank you!!!
It's so frightening to think that a national monument designation could be rescinded
Holding you to that.
Good for you Tom and THANKS
Typical GOP move. Forget conservation.  Everything should be for profit (education, healthcare, land conservation).
Thank you, Senator! You're an inspiration to us all.
Thank you!
You all in Washington better start thinking about how most of us feel. Don't let that reckless imp screw with our national monuments.
Hope you're right, Colorado, Utah very nervous.
I am too. I can't imagine not being able to hike at Grand Lake.
Or marvel at Grand Staircase.
Yes. Or a million other marvels that leave you breathless at their sheer beauty.
Fight him on all monuments or just those three, Sen. Udall?

Please do Tom!! Thank you for caring about our beautiful lands!
They are all creeps and crooks.
Let us know how we can help you! #nowyouvegonetoofar #leaveourparksalone #nationalmonuments
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!
Thank you Senator.  I am a voter, tax payer, you have my support.  I left a VM for SOI Zinke to protect monuments.  #MonumentalResistance
Thanks for the fight Mr. Udall. We will be with you however you need us.
It's about money for you and your family and friends.  How much destruction can you spread while in the Peoples House ??
Gee, those monuments must be blocking his financial gains.
The support for national Monuments will be HUGE. There will be be pitch forks and tar/feathers for this creep in the WH. Trump is hateful.
Why mess up lands that make America beautiful! ?
Thank you sir!
Be fair. Trump says EO stripping protecton from parks & monuments will preserve beauty, create wealth http://tiny.cc/rtxqky 
let's keep posting this pls
I definitely help support in this fight!! All national monuments and parks need to be preserved!!
I think this is Bannon's doing. He runs our WH. Trying to destroy America bit by bit while trump golfs. Bannon's anti-establishment at work.
I'll fight with you!
You better!
Thank you for being a champion for us on this issue @SenatorTomUdall  #MonumentsForAll
Thank you, Tom.
Trump wants to end the EPA & sell America's National interests to the highest bidder. #Putinspuppet #ImpeachTrump
How about you impeach him instead? You can pick and choose which criminal acts to use as a basis, there are many.
@WritesAsheville @POTUS Are you willing to put your life on the line to protect these beautiful legacies?
Thank you! The first 100 days from this administration feels like guerrilla warfare with attacks on our institutions, laws, and treasures.
Thank you Senator Udall. I appreciate you so much.
Dont sell out our National Monuments -the GOP's latest attack on our #publiclands -puts at risk some of America’s most extraordinary places.
Thank you sir for standing up for OUR protected lands. Thank you. #protectsacredlands #protectblm #nationalparks
Thank you, Sir. It is comforting to see some people display common sense and decency. Kudos to you!
.@POTUS doesn't have the legal authority to rescind a national monument designation. If he tries to, I'll fight him every step of the way.
How about #TrumpRussiaInvestigation ? #Focus #TheResistance #Indivisible #resist #coup
Thank you Senator
Thank you!
#DonaldTrump is wreaking havoc on America and the world. WHEN is this madness going to stop?  Thank you, Sen. Udall. #MonumentsForAll
Why would Trump care even a little abt monuments? With an inability to accomplish much so far hes grasping at something that benefits none.
Glad to hear!  Kudos to you!
You have my support!!
Thanks Senator
Thank you for doing your job to protect America Senator!
This is immoral to take these away! We have very little wonder to show our children and nature should be left alone!
It's just unimaginable what this scum ball 45 is doing to our country
I don't think he does either! His "return them to the people" stmt was just BS. National lands ALREADY belong to "the people"!! Thank you!
Thank you!
Disgraceful. They are vandals.
Thank you, Senator Udall, for standing up to an attack on ALL Americans by this incompetent and dangerously out of control Thief!
Thanks, Tom!
God the insanity, we only have one shot at saving these public lands
Thank you
shut Down the Government until Trump is impeached or resign.
Trump need to be stop, before he sell all our National Parks. Please Help, Call all your representatives and tell them that they need to
THANK YOU Senator! I just hope my own state's senators, @SenJohnMcCain and @jeffflake will have the COURAGE to stand up against this rape!
Thank you!!!!!!!
Thank YOU!This EO will be relegated to the scrap heap of his other failed EO's  Please keep public land public and out of developers hands.
Thank you Senator Udall, for standing up and speaking out against this. What is the point to all of this if we are not protecting the Earth?
Would it be safe calling @POTUS the biggest threat to the American People since Cold War?
Thank you, Senator Udall!
@wasregan @POTUS PLEASE, we are counting on you to fight this. He cannot rape our country.
Please do. This man is destroying our country.
Keep up the good fight, Senator!
Thank you Senator
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall . 
@POTUS please stop trying to destroy the best things in America.
start fighting. Keep fighting.
Thank you! My representatives in TX are useless when it comes to conservation. Love visiting NM for the natural beauty and hiking.
Please do
This is absurd.
That is OUR land, as citizens. Keep fighting for us!
If ignorant trump wants to rescind monuments, why not dismantle Mt Rushmore & use the blocks for a new hotel? Why be a wimp?
Yet another diversion from #RussiaGate by Cheeto Bandito.
Do it!

Don't think it matters. The question isn't who is going to let him; it's who is going to stop him. So far, no one.
I dunno, the courts have slapped back several of his E/O's and there are many more cases pending. This will go nowhere, all for show/noise.
He completely control every branch of our government. Land will be sold to corporations to mine. Biggest BS in gov't in my lifetime.
*controls
This is what made you write a letter... Let's pick the right battle or there won't be anything to write letters about Mr. Senator. #Resist
Trump continues to show his disdain for (and jealousy of) President Obama'a achievements that help & protect our land. It's pathetic.
Please Tom, fight like hell. DT will not commercialize our national monumentmeny designations! Fight, fight fight!
Senator Udall El Paso Texas will support you one hundred percent in that fight. Indivisible El Paso.
But .. we NEED gas for the CARS!  THE CARS!

If we don't have the gas from the national monuments WE'LL ALL DIE.

Thank-you Senator Udall! National Monuments are our children's legacy,
Not a Payday for big oil and gas.
Thank you. Please protect our monuments. Stop this ravaging of America.
TRUMPS MOTO Should have been 
"Let's see how much I can F'k up are Great Country, so we can spend years repairing it."
He thinks he's God. Wait. He'll pay. #russiagate #hellonearthfirst
Thank you, @SenatorTomUdall
Hatch made him do it. That's all he's tweeted about for 2 weeks. Smells like oil to me.
What is Trump's deal. Does he just want to destroy the country?
Thank you for standing up to that bully POTUS. Keep his dirty hands off our national monuments!
If an executive order was used to make it an executive order can be used to rescind it
We all will.
@realDonadTrump really does think that he is KING Trump ! #RESISTANCE #Trumprussia
This has to be the WORST thing he is trying to do 
Thank you for taking a stand.it's unbelievable that we are actually having to fight a US president to preserve our national monuments.
YES, fight #DontheCon everytime he tries 2 do something that will hurt our country or help his rich criminal friends!
Thank you Senator!
GOOD
He said he wants to America great again, that's not how you make America great! I think he hates America! His actions are scary!
Yay.
28 executive orders, more than any president in over 70 years! WOW
I wonder whose payment for protection this anti monument EO is? They all hate America so its hard to know.
suck my balls Tom!
Thank you, Senator Udall. Please fight on ACA, and work toward an independent investigation!
Sir if you need help we are with you.  Oil wells, drilling on public land is a travesty.
Thanks from back home in #NM.
Thank you, Senator! These lands belong to the American people & wildlife, not the oil, gas & mining industries. We're behind you!
thank you.  All of this breaks my heart
Trump allies can make money from mining and drilling for oil. They will pay him under the table.
THANK YOU
We'll fight with you! #TheResistance
Thank you so much. How can we stop companies from going ahead and doing what they want? Once it's gone, it's gone.
Hope so! How can WE ALL be ALL IN, & fight this environmental, NP KILLER! I don't have funds, but I will spread awareness! #deplorabledrumpf
What he plans to do is open them up to mining. Destroying them in effect.
#trumpEFFECT #NationalMonuments #RESIST #NotMyPresident
Thanks, Sen. Udall. Wish your were my senator. I remain embarrassed to be a Montana native, which spawned Zinke. #MonumentsForAll
Get over it. It's a review
