.@POTUS is trying to divide us w/ a pardon of Joe Arpaio & transgender ban. RT to say you will stand strong for our great diverse nation.
@POTUS is a P.O.S
You liberals were okay with Obama releasing terrorists pardoning drug dealers Trump pardons a hero and you can handle it
All these bleeding f- ing libetards need to shut the F* ck up!
Get transgender people the psychological care they need. Quit pretending it's normal. Your created as male or female. #whatami
Hurtful? The way the MSM and the Democratic establishment treat Conservatives, especially Trump is hurtful & wrong.
No it's awesome!! Law and Order -protecting American Taxpayers
Arpaio Upheld the Law and wasn't a Socialist Shill stealing Coal and Geothermal from Navajo's & Taxpayers. @RangeReporter @potus
Then DO something about this sir. The nation is tired of words.
Need a tissue
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … aww, are you gonna be okay?  Need some vagasil?
Trump is so out of line...  and no one is doing anything about it
We love president Trump #maga
Our democracy is dying! Trump is bringing #Fascism and fast! Only you can do something about it! Get back in congress! #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
Republic. Not democracy. And Sen. Udall can't do anything til the House impeaches, so talk to New Mexico's three representatives about that.
One crook to another! They want Hillary in Jail for some stupid e mail server bullshit but let a corrupt cop get what he deserves? Oh NO!
Not understanding the importance of classified emails , and the destruction of evidence is quite disturbing
Chelsea Manning .
Shut up Tom Udall, where were you when OBAMA was pardoning real criminals releasing them into our streets? Your head was up ur backside!
Even if the national tragedy had not happened in #Charlottesville, it's still hurtful and wrong.
Pardoning an 85 year old man is hurtful. But a traitor in manning or terrorist in Lopez that's fine right? Total BS senator, hypocrite
Hurtful? Hurtful senator? Are you a snowflake too Tom? You know what's hurtful, senators not on Obamacare like the rest of the people.
Joe Arpaio enforces the law & you want him jailed. Manning deserts his post & several killed  for him & obama pardons him. Think about it
But it is ok 4 obama 2 pardon a traitor.
So Obama's pardoning of convicted treasonous, terrorists, felons is OK w you? Go Google Obama's list of people he pardoned.
Do you Democrats really think retweeting all this crap makes a difference to us!  The real American people!
Oh, get a grip.  Jesus.. do we need to send you a box of tissues or are you going to grow the hell up?
.. and announcing it all thru Twitter- not my cup of tea.
What are you supposed to be, some kind of cowboy? You're a Senator of the United States of America. Why don't you start acting like it?
Maybe for your Liberal mind is wrong,  for my Conservative mind, President Trump did the right thing.
You got it all wrong.
Impeach him!!!  Find something!!!
The tranny thing was a month ago. All those flakes want is to get to a he/she on the taxpayer dole. And you're part of it.
OMG, are those feelings?? Get that shit away from me!!
Then get off your ass & do something about it!
Stop this madness. DJT is discrediting our institutions & dismantling the rule of law.
That is the saddest pushback on authoritarian despotry I've ever seen, Tom.
Yeah! You are a Senator, you & 99 of your friends can be effective change not just a twitter post. You too @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
Hey you should talk to Dems who took Donald Trump money and attended his wedding.
Now DO something! Checks and balances need to take over. Please! #RIPdemocracy #RIPjustice #WriteThe28th
I am a Native CA that has to seek HUD for retirement. U have been in ofc 8 yrs. Ur policies & rhetoric hurt us deeply. VOTER
I think you could state it a little more strongly than that, Tom.
He also told Flynn, Manafort, etc it's okay to ignore GJ subpeonas. He will pardon the contempt. Ref- @tribelaw
Hurtful is destroying history, digging up graves, rioting & destroying our country b/c your team lost!
All good decisions
I don't want 2 pay 4 opps! Joe was enforcing law! You ensight the danger! Remember the resist movement? Or was that another unnamed source?
Have U had a talk with SECDEF about the transgender issue? How about getting on his SKD@& actually understand how bad it was implemented
What does this pardoning have to do with transgender troops or Charlottesville?
Thank you, Senator Udall
I don't often use slanderous words - but STUPID! Arpaio was charged because he refused to follow Obama's illegal removal of laws re illegals
LEAVE THE COUNTRY BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE
POS Trump knows wrong; release on a Friday night when a Cat 4 storm hits Texas. Arpaio was pardoned for abuse of power, racism with a badge.
Pardoning a man convicted due to political beliefs and position?  I like that better than pardoning a terrorist or criminal Mr. Manning.
No it isnt
Wrong for you maybe but good for America
During a storm where lives are being lost. This giant @$$ is furthering his agenda on the lives of ppl. They don't see that? His base is 
 
Pardoning Joe Arpaio ANYTIME is wrong! There is NO good time to make this pardon. He's was held in contempt of court by the judicial system!
My next executive order is to ban cowboy hats.
There's no right time to do this.
Sir, with the pardon and transgender ban, Donald Trump is trampling our Constitution.  Please use influence w/House re #ImpeachTrump
u got the sniffles honey?

.@cnn trips out.... Too much f**king news for the panel!
 
#SheriffJoe Arpaio Gorka Missiles DACA trans OUT
Democrat can do nothing about it. Because they can't even work together and they turn on each other like ferocious hyenas thanks to Bernie
U sound like a big baby.  Tom is a real man. 
Stop him, Senator Udall. I know you're a Dem, but PLEASE, do everything you CAN. PLEASE.
With Trump it's a constant assault of discriminating against innocent people(LGBTQ community)  and helping evil people like Arpaio.
Evil people? Wow!
Pardoning him is completely disgraceful.
Why? Should illegals be allowed to stay? We want authority's to enforce our laws.
This guy is tough on crime! Don't you want law?
He violated peoples rights on many levels, I don't think that's okay.
Explain.
Those are the charges he has been pardoned on
Bless you Tom - I can think of more colorful words...
Yes it is! See the American People have a problem no one on the hill will stand up to him. So keep letting him do all this garbage
The lede needs to be that he slunk away to do this as a Cat 4 hurricane was barreling towards the US
Unfit for duty of the Presidency.  @SenatorTomUdall talk with your Republican peers.
Unfit on what grounds? He's the President. Didn't see you flakes crying when you elected that Commie Community Organizer.
#TrueColors he needs to go.
I mean does he have to pour gasoline on the country and light a match for congress to impeach? @GOP @tedlieu @realDonaldTrump
He made a mockery of our justice system. Not to speak of DOJ regulations. He is a traitor.
Don't you mean the Obama system. No justice there. Circumventing the law was the plan of the day. Arpaio was doing what the law said!
It’s the same people who staff the justice system now. And Arpaio was convicted of racial profiling. Please don’t tell me you support it.
Joe Arpaio was following the letter of the law. Call it what you will. He was doing his job and a judge saw fit to punish him for it
He was detaining people without cause. That was the reason for the injunction. If you got arrested because of what you look like you would..
Also (and hopefully rightfully) be mad. LE personnel can arrest people for cause. Arresting them without cause is reprehensible.
Not so, ask a brother. Suspicion is all the reason a cop needs. Think not, you're sadly mistaken!!
Suspicion of everyone who looks a certain way? That’s racism in the case of Arpaio. But it doesn’t matter. The injunction is the argument.
“@SenatorTomUdall: Pardoning Joe Arpaio and banning transgender troops - just weeks after #Charlottesville - is hurtful and wrong.”
And neither of those has any relevance whatsoever to #Charlottesville.
#Impeach45
