WTF did you do?????
It's good news! His amendment prevents funding for slaughter inspections. No inspections, no slaughter.
What abt outside the USA?
American horses are still allowed to be transported outside of the U.S. for slaughter. We must pass SAFE Act HR 113 to stop that.
We must pass SAFE Act HR 113 to stop that outside USA #HorseSlaughter Pass Safe Act HR 113 NOW DAMN IT!
We now have 146 co-sponsors in the House. Is your Rep a co-sponsor?
Don't know. Emailed her office today about supporting HR113
All current co-sponsors are posted here: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/113/cosponsors …
THANK you for your strong voice for horses! We all need to keep fighting to keep them safe!
What he did was condemn them to spend hours or days riding to Mexico or Canada in the heat or cold while crippled or sick or old...win much
Safe Act HR 113 NO SLAUGHTER OUTSDE USA  
PERIOD!!!
That person believes necessary evil argument When slaughter is option we won't address solutions Horsemeat not safe 4 consumption #yes2Safe
Oh and horse meat studies have been done that address the unsafe aspect not all horses are drugged
Not all are, but it is an unregulated product.
The one drug they have the problem w is bute
Clenbuterol one of MANY others. NFL & USOC warned about that last summer in beef. We admin to Even fly spray labeled not for food animals.
Lots of gratitude to you for fighting for our wild horses. My  and I say thank you! #NoHorseSlaughter
As does our mustang from Nevada!
WOW. Great priorities there, Senator. #horseslaughter BAD #babyslaughter MEH
I joined @SenateDems on a letter urging Paul Ryan not to repeal #ACA and defund #PlannedParenthood. #NewMexico lives are at stake. 
I guess condemning horses to ride unregulated hundreds of miles to Canada or Mexico is a 'win'....not sure where the old or crippled ones go
Not sure about to what you're referring, but sounds pretty bad. Pointing out his outrage over commercial horse slaughter, but not abortion.
Dem senator Udall in NM doesn't want slaughter plants in the US...they want h.r.113...which eliminates horses for human consumption
Thank you sir!
I only have two words for you, THANK YOU!
#RepatriateWildhorses 2 legal herd areas. 22 million acres stolen from them! National treasures should not b imprisoned! Protected by 71Act.
Thank you so much! Made my day. Need to reinstate language banning sale&shipment too! Need to make wild horses and burros protected species
https://www.paulickreport.com/news/ray-s-paddock/aqha-champion-trainer-kearl-among-trio-notified-alleged-class-1-drug-violations/#.WXPKmmLCBJA.facebook …
This is why horsemeat is adulterated
Thank you so so much to all involved in saving our Wild Horses....beautiful 
Thank you for joining our cause. Thank u for being our beloved equines voice! #EveryAutisticDeservesAHorse
THANK YOU!
TY very much 4 all U do for America's horses! It s/b mandatory that all congress to watch MOVIE "Saving America's Horses!"
Senator, We need ur help 2undo the spin about #wildhorses perpetuated by @RepChrisStewart @MarkAmodeiNV2 & others. Public needs ur help TY
Undo the spin??? You mean the truth?? You know the blm has been selling horses for slaughter for years....right?
Read up on Stewart/Amodei et al. I'm talking about their spin, lies, manipulation as of late. Watch Stewart performance in Subcommittes!
thank you so much.  Now we need to protect the wild horses/burros from the stewart amend. No culling/slaughter/euthanizing of them. NEVER
Thank you my NM Senator!  Onward to defeat Stewart Amd. For our Wild Ones! Please run for President! From ...Fellow Santafean Sue Carter
Thank you from someone who just retired to Santa Fe!
Enjoying SF in retirement? Great idea.
Even more than I'd imagined!
Thank you #nohorseslaughter
Thank you for being the sponsor of the Udall Amendment and protecting our horses.
TY so much
Thank YOU Senator Udall...you are amazing.
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall !
You realize that won't stop horse slaughter now condemned to ride hundreds of miles to Mexico or Canada
Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator Udall!
Thank you Senator Udall for leading the charge to do the right thing!

Please advise on methods for handling older and crippled horses. Horse slaughtering provides humane treatment vs "nursing home" in corral
No he's going to come in drop a pile of poop and head on back to D.C. And brag about what he solved.@ABQJournal
Thx for #StopTheSlaughter now #StopTheRoundups plzzzz.
That's MY Senator! Very proud of you and all fellow NM for speaking out.
Thank you for looking out for Wild Horses!!
Thank you, for listening to your constituents! #banhorseslaughter
Thank you Senator Udall for introducing this amendment and obtaining support to continue defunding horse slaughterhouses in the US.
Thank you !
Thank you Senator Tom Udall for sponsoring this amendment. Let's make it illegal for transport of horses to Mexico and Canada for slaughter!
Senator Udall for president! Appreciate all you do!
Bless you Senator Udall! Thank you so very much. You are the one ray of hope
Thank you from my heart @SenatorTomUdall for choosing #CompassionOverCruelty.
Bless you Sir .. for our beloved horses!!
Hoorah for you!
Thank you Senator Udall for leading the way in protecting America's national treasure - horses.
Thank you Senator for your Amendment, vote and leadership on this issue!
Thank you Mr Sen Udall. NM residents do not want our horses slaughtered. From Caballo NM.
Thank you Sir!!!
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
So we save them here until they all die of starvation or old age!  No meat, no leather no bone not in my back yard ehh! Idiots! @yodacowboy
Keep up the fight PLEASE Sir & Thanks for amendment.
Thank you so much!
Still not all horse's are saved yet we still need to fight to get the Safe act HR 113 passed. But this is a good start Thank u TomUnall
Thank you
@AndrianiGay what I seen here on twitter no fund for horse slaughter I Thank 
@SenatorTomUdall
Thank you so much!!!!  Now to stop sending them to Mexico and Canada.
Thank you!!  @SenatorTomUdall
Thank you Senator Udall! You are our Horse Hero!
Thank you so much @SenatorTomUdall Bravo!!
Thank you...Thank you...Thank you.  Finally someone with honor and integrity! We in California appreciate you:)
Indeed!! Grateful  Voices 4 Horses in #Georgia Tks to all
Thank you !!!!!!!
BLESS YA Now please lets end #HorseSlaughter for once and for all #safeAct #NOHORSESLAUGHTER
Thank you Senator for Standing for #America #grateful
They slaughter cows, don't they?
This South Carolina girl... says thank you. #ThankYou
Thank you!
@zenyatta1411 Strong Work! Thank you for #StandingUp & #SpeakingOut
Thank Senator Tom Udall and to all the Senatos who helped passed the Amendment. Let's get the Safe Act passed! #foodsafety #HR113 #Yes2Safe
Never gonna happen
Thank you so much!
Thank you for standing up for our horses!!
Thank you so much Senator for your humanity
God bless you Tom Udall. #goodnesstruthandbeauty
Thank you for being our voices and the voice for our beloved equine!
Thank you for being a great friend of the Horse. We need to protect them, for all they've done for mankind! We need a Horse Safety Act!
Thank you for this! All across the country even those who aren't big nature enthusiasts got involved No real true American wanted Slaughter.
This was such a huge win for not only our horses but our food safety as well. Sincerely appreciate ur efforts to get it passed.  TY!
thank you so much ! i'm so happy to have u as a senator
Hats off to you & all who voted in support of America's horses! Thank you!
Thanks for supporting horses!
Thank you for taking a stand on this important issue!!
STOP SLAUGHTER OF AMERICAN ICONS!!
THANK YOU
THANK YOU
What do livestock owners do when they encounter financial hardship and cannot feed their animals? We know where they go when auctioned.
Thank You Bless You...keep our #wildHORSES alive!!!  #NM yay #NOHORSEslaughter
Thank you Senator Udall'. The horses and I love you!! You are truly a man for the people!!
Tom we love you! The horses, domestic and wild, love you! You are what America is all about! Such gratitude

Amazing!! Thank you so much for introducing this amendment to protect America's horses! We support you! 
Thank you Senator Udall. Thank you...
U continue to uphold dignity  of ALL creation . It will go well for u now and in the End .
New Mexico needed this. God Bless You !
Wonderful news! Thank you for your leadership and commitment to protect America's horses.
Thank you so much
Very much appreciated. Thank you, Senator!
Very important.  Thank you @SenatorTomUdall for this.  Wonderful feeling protecting God's creatures.
