Looking forward to talking w/ @chrislhayes on @MSNBC, tune in at 8 pm ET.
Thank you Senator
#StopIt Give it a rest.  Stop working against Trump.
Thank you Sen Udall! I wish my senators would support the US like you do! #txvoter @JohnCornyn
how can we the people help?!?!
as you and every other member of Congress should...the insanity coming from the Oval Office is beyond dangerous. TY
PERSIST Senator Udall!! This NM voter cheers you on!!
How come no independent investigation on Benghazi, IRS scandal, fast and furious, and on and on?
Funny how nobody ever investigated Obama's amb. to Russia when he was having meetings before O. inauguration.
Thank you Senatoor.  Do not let them sweep this under the rug.  Full investigation needed
.@SenatorTomUdall @POTUS #nationalsecurity #Trump @DNC
.@SenatorTomUdall @POTUS @defiantlyblue1 how about a reasonable remedy for a Treasonout administration: re-vote?
Wish I could click more hearts than just one. Keep at it. The truth seems to be getting closer. Thanks for your work
cull treasonous corruption from house senate judiciary etc! decades plus with recent the worse!
#GOP wants to let this drag on please help expedite the next steps.
Thank You! You are making NM proud.
thank you for calling for an independent investigation. The American people need to be able to trust their government!!
I'm with you
@PatDavisNM @POTUS proud you are our senator; great job
The house of cards comes tumbling down. America does not deserve a pretend President.  We demand a real leader!
yes YES.
Thank you, Senator.
Tonight I am very proud to be a New Mexican.  Thanks for never giving up Senator!!!!
It's about damn time..Will Someone Make it Stick and Get some Real Results No more enuendo and double talk!
Did you ask for full independent investigation into Clinton's server/emails, Benghazi, IRS, etc.
Logan Act, Treason, Conspiracy to steal data, data theft, lying to federal officers, espionage, etc. So many laws..
I would like to assist in drafting the articles of impeachment. It is time.
thank you Sen. for fighting for the American people.
, thank you! @POTUS and #RepublicanAdministration have jeopardized our national security. #Investigate #Impeach
where were you when Obama was giving a wink and a nod to Putin on a hot mic - you're a party hack.
Grow up and focus on improving the country! Stop wasting Tax dollars on crap!
our country is @ great risk having said that we still have the judicial and legislature in whom we trust,thank U
yes, thank you senator
I'm reminding people that the sentence for treason is a public hanging.
It's really not, and it's highly doubtful Russia meets the Const'l standard of "enemy" w/o a shooting war.
The Espionage Act does allow for the (standard) death penalty depending on what was shared.
Give him a fair trial. The co-accused (Trump) should also be indicted.
Some rumors Manbaby wants to sue the leakers. Nunes wants to investigate them. Latter's a laughable bluff.
1/
Prosecuting/suing leakers leads to discovery. Discovery brings down the whole criminal enterprise.
2/2
Any enemy of knowledge is a liar. #TrumpLeaks
, thank you.
Thank you! Please keep fighting to unearth the truth. America deserves to know.
Thank you
thank U Mr Udall. Texas thanks U. We all have suspicion that he was given orders to go. TREASON! IMPEACH we support
good luck with that since it appears @PutinRF_Eng owns @POTUS @jasoninthehouse hell most @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP  @MSNBC
thanks for being a patriot,we are in crisis.He must submit his tax returns and disclose all of his Russian business
you rock sen. udall!
Heyo!
Thank you Senator!
This must include Pence & Priebus!! 
I hope you follow through - without a full investigation you're complicit. We r losing  faith in our govt each day ....
don't yall have some actual work to do?
While you are at it...want a full investigation in to this.... http://freebeacon.com/national-security/former-obama-officials-loyalists-waged-campaign-oust-flynn/ …
lol they ousted a Russian stooge and a traitor. How awful
ty for making a strong, clear statement about this situation. Thank you for addressing the lying and trust issues.
yea. but wouldn't it just be easier to have the phone transcripts released along with trumps taxes? all answers
Make sure it does a better job than was done for Oliver North!
Thank you Senator. We are lucky to have you representing NM!
@SimmonsGmarlins @POTUS what exactly does that mean? You are calling - will it happen??!!
Keep pushing for transparency, Senator!
Thank you, Senator. #TheResistance stands behind you. 
Thank you Tom you have my and the nation's full support for this full independent investigation!
uh no he doesn't
saw you on cnn Senator. Thanks for being so strong, authentic and a patriot. Let's get this done asap! We are watching.
Don't let McConnell and company lead his one. PEOPLE ARE DONE GETTING JOBBED.
Thank you Senator. Do we think any of your GOP colleagues will stand with you and demand what's right? #ThisIsNotADrill
I am most interested into who leaked a conversation with a private citizen (Flynn). The constitution is being
tread on.  This has to stop. Courts aren't following the laws. DOJ CIA FBI are not following the law. Investigate
Thank you 
thank you, Senator!
AGREE!
@realDonaldTrump YES!!! Nail this bastard and all of his cronies to the wall!
Thank you! I just added New Mexico to the infamous travel list!
. @SenatorTomUdall @POTUS don't forget about the Putin connections between Manafort & Tillerson. The tax returns are a good place to start!
thank you, Senator!
@JohnLeguizamo @SenatorTomUdall @POTUS Bring in Special Prosecutor #SallyYates !
You are a rockstar Senator!!!
Thank you for all you've been doing for our State and Country Sir
Thank you ! Conflict of Interests, mishandling classified information...etc.
full speed ahead! Thank you! #FlynnRussia  #Trumprussia #ImpeachPresidentBannon  #impeach45
lets do a little more then that lets blow that illegitimate administration right out of the water cut bait & move on
good luck senator. The party across the aisle puts themselves above county.
Thank you, Senator!
thank you Senator for looking out for your constituents and your country!! You will always have my vote!
Thank you Senator Udall!
Sniff....sniff....Smell that?  It's blood in the water. Now Obama's "I think we'll be okay" statement makes sense.
Thank you, Senator. Fight the good fight

Thank you Senator Udall.
