Sen. Udall: I’m increasingly of the state of mind Trump isn’t fit to be president http://dlvr.it/Pf5Xh5  
Senator Udall, I urge you and @MartinHeinrich to present the papers to #ImpeachTrumpPence
Thank you!  Please lead us in getting him removed.  We will help you, because as New Mexicans we are scared.
This New Mexican isn't scared.  1 million jobs since Trump's election is a better America.
Thanks Obama!  America under Trump is a freaking nightmare...especially in New Mexico.
Not at all. 1 mil jobs created since his inauguration, less than a year.  More than Obama could drum up in 8 yrs.
Just keep complaining instead of doing your job, politician!
FYI: POTUS just got NoKo to back down. Give the guy some credit.
Gee, Tom, welcome to the party. Can we think of any tools at Congress' disposal that can protect us from this horror? Talk is cheap. ACT.
#25thAmendment #impeach
Failing to lead? Threatening war against a country thats made threats of nuclear warfare...come Senator don't be a sheep
"Steve, if I repudiate #Charlottesville, what does that get me?" @realDonaldTrump : "It means we lose the base and there will be no base."
208 days of way better leadership than the 8 years of ridiculous Obama and failing democrats!
Trump doesn't even come close to being a president of anything...Maybe the NRA or the KKK 
you're unfit to be in office with filth like that.
Ya think?
Ya think??!
You Sir, are ridiculous.
Please do something about it. The sooner the better.
So ... do something about it, please!
You and you're other Democratic and Republican friends aren't either, we need term limits it amazing how much money all y'all have.
Thank you for your caution, but what further proof do you need?
What took you so long? We need action, time is of the essence.
@koat7news Hell Tom your sitting on you butt And resisting. Your not fit to be a Senator or anything else!
Stop wondering and do something about it
Censure
yes, get him out!
Amen!  Please help us! The time to impeach is now!
Been reading some tweets and I'm guessing all the ones that don't like the President are living in the Blue Snowflake counties.
Thank you and please doing something about it.  New Mexicans are behind you all the way!!
We're scared, Tom. Please do what you can to help us. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You and Sen Heinrich must talk with your Congr. colleagues.  He is a true danger to national security and completely unfit.  #ImpeachNow
No More Delays - Motion for Impeachment! End the Decline of America
Thank you for stepping up! Please speak with your colleagues and get him out! #impeach #25thAmendmentNow
What will u & ur colleagues DO? My Dem Senator knows how I feel but my @GOP Senator - @RoyBlunt - won't even hold townhalls.
It's about god damned time, Get that Orange Nazi Wannabe out of our house NOW. Impeach, Indict, and Prosecute.
DO SOMETHING about it, Senator. Tweeting doesn't count. If you do not take immediate action against Trump, your words are meaningless.
Thank you Senator.
Right there with you, Senator.  But I'm not in a position to do much about.  How's it looking from your seat?
@MiaFarrow @rosierifka  @rulajebreal @kimguilfoyle @KeithOlbermann @joanwalsh @LeslieMarshall
finally - THANK YOU. As a citizen, I can do nothing.  As a Senator - you can rally other senators & house members to act; fr/NM supporter
I'm with you on that Senator.
You didn't say a racist, sexist or bigot. Why not?
AMEN!!!
#Article25 must be invoked immediately to ascertain if he is 'fit to serve'.
today was the worst. He fully exposed his support of white supremacists & Nazis. His behavior reminds me of family member w/MH & dementia
Your wrong great president.Trump SUPPORTER .He does have common sense that is something the dems dont have
The list of questionable activities of the current President is already long & treacherous, requiring inquiry into impeachment.
Do something!
Had a clear agenda, he won, the dems have done everything to stop every part of his agenda, I guess when the republicans win they still lose
Then start the process of getting rid of him, and get rid of Pence while you're at it.
Daily attacks and protesters around every corner, I don't know if he can lead or not, but I know he  will never get a fair chance
He's far more fit than you are. All  you've done is continue the divisive attacks that are responsible for the historic losses in your party
@KFILE new senator getting into impeachment territory
@bannerite @koat7news Really Tom? It took you this long to figure it out?
Tom Udall.....You are not fit to represent New Mexico CITIZENS. Just stop it. New Mexico is a Welfare, Medicaid State. Simply embarrassing.
Time for the 25th amendment yet?
Thank God I am not from New Mexico.
Your loss it's a beautiful state. Thank you @SenatorTomUdall, I'm proud to call you my Senator.
Why has it taken so long for you to reach this conclusion?
SO YOU RATHER HAVE HILLARY, SO YOU CAN BRING MORE CHAOS TO THE MIDDLE EAST, YOU ARE ALL DANCING TO THE SAME TUNES.
I'd rather have 100 Hillarys, a MILLION HILLARYS.  Trump is going to be the death of us.  Have you not been paying attention?
, oh yes I have very much so, corporate greed, and military industries & interests drives policy regardless.
Truth truth he must be impeached!!!
Then DO SOMETHING!!
Then lets do something about it
The sooner the better.  I get more terrified every day...he must be removed.
The rest of us knew that before the election..but better late than never.
#wetriedtotellya
Say it louder and DO something about it.
Lock him up!!!
Time to get him out of office.
Trump is NOT fit!  Why isn't Congress protecting our country from him???
Udall for Us All!!!
He needs to go now before he does anymore damage.  The GOP base has been shrinking, but the GOP still seem to be enablers.  Fix this, please
Time to quit talking and take action.  Trump is insane
The dems are insane.Trump is doing a great job.
Go get him, Senator!
Tell it like it is, Senator Udall. Thank you.
Will you work to enact the 25th amendment, Senator? Please do. Our country needs sound leadership, Trump's is not.
Yes he is.Trump supporter
.What took you so long?
TY 
It was clear a year ago that Trump was not fit for office. What's increasingly clear is that neither is Congress..nor is the American voter.
No doubt. Thank god we have people like yourself who aren't afraid to tell it exactly like it is.
Thank you Senator Udall
So when he gets re-elected who are you going to blame then?  China?
IF he makes it to 2020 he will be challenged in the primaries and he will lose.
Yea, heard that quite a bit before this past election from "experts" like yourself
No.  His base has eroded. single issue people won't vote for him again. people who voted for him cause they don't like HRC wont agn either.
Considering the Dems will lose millions of fraudulent votes I'm guessing you're gonna look silly again Mr. Analysts
