Sir... thanks for your continued efforts to keep the White House transparent.  That man has no respect for the folks he works for -- us.
Funny. He's the one candidate who at least tried to fulfill all his campaign promises within the first 100 days....
This lady is a bot. Her name looks like a robot name, her statement isn't relevant to the previous post or to itself.
Everything!!
I am a Trump supporter.  I support the wall,jobs,lower taxes,strength, he has never lied to us. Sierra county supported him
need proof. Fake news does not count. Give me one with a back up article. I am willing to debate it
@AllLeftNews what s trump hiding? Russian names ?
Obama started this and we all know that's the only honest thing he did
not as much as obama or the clintons
White House log 
Why did DOJ plead the 5th
                    
Same thing with his taxes & his ties to Russia.Trump is a filthy lying pig that belongs behind bars. GOP allowed & R complicit to his crimes
Russians and lobbyists.
Were you ok with previous potus sealing his personal records?
It's our house not his....y'all elected a swindler
Why is everything a conspiracy theory? Spending so much time on petty crap like this instead of actually doing what people elected you to do
Somehow I'd guess that Kat would have had a different view of visitor log had Obama done same thing.  Double standard anyone?
Still nope. I think it's a totally petty issue period.
It never ends, it can't, he is crazy we know this. He said the protesters were paid....so it's a lie, he's crazy? does it matter?
Did you ever think it could be for the visitor's safety? or privacy?
@AngieinWAState The obvious question is what ISN'T he trying to hide. The list is shorter that way
because his taxes for many years will be held up by audits . It's normal for any big corporation!
I will be on the Hill later this week, mind if I stop by and pick up a copy of your visitors logs ?
Obama had certain names scrubbed from his visitor logs. What was he hiding?
Ahem...
YOU HAVE TO ASK THAT QUESTION!!!!
The White House is the people's house, not one of Trump's sinister lairs like #MaraLago
Everything.
I ASKED THAT IN AN EARLIER TWEET...WHAT OR WHOM IS HE TRYING TO HIDE????....IT'S KIND OF FREAKY TO SAY THE LEAST!!!! 
@SimmonsGmarlins trump is trying to hide everything, except citizen privacy. GOP scraped the bottom of the barrel.
Of course you meant to say "WHAT ELSE" is this *Resident hiding.  He is all smoke and mirrors and this is VERY BAD FOR A DEMOCRACY!
Everything. Absolutely everything. He's corrupt and The Familia are complicit.
We all know. We are just waiting for it to be proven or confessed.
He is just afraid that someone more important than he is might sign jn.
The biggest National Security risk to USA is DJT He's careless & ignorant #BullInChinashop #Brokenglass #MisuseofMilitary 
@InformedThe You do realize it's gotten to the point what he needs to hide, so he hides everything. #whitehousevisitorlogs
omfg
He's hiding Russians and racist Nazi visitors to our White House! Get his ass out now!!
Obama did not release all the white house visitor logs either, some were redacted...
Let me guess: prostitutes, Russians, his drug dealer,  CEOs with bags full of $$$$, KKK,  Contracts & deals he can't pass up, ....
Probably even worse than all that....
If trump is found 2 b complicit with Putin/Russia n tampering with our election n which he was elected n2 office, would we have a do-over?
This should be FRONT PAGE headlines for every news outlet that believes in AMERICAN freedom & transparency in government
Stand up for ALL New Mexicans Mr. Udall!
impeachment
What business is it of yours ?
62,979,636 Americans voted for Trump to withold the White House visitors log.
Pool camera time.
He's hiding everything!
The so called illegitimate president/actor/fired realty show star/con don..etc etc HAS ALOT TO HIDE
STILL trying to hide??? @realDonaldTrump
All the criminal activities that r going on in the whitehouse. If we can't prove he won't have to defend it.
Same question about his taxes!
He hiding his call girls from public view
Could it be...#TrumpRussiaCoverUp on DT's #TrumpRussiaCollusion ?
@abracadabraNY not showing logs, because he is negotiating hotel furnishings, kitchenware, etc for his hotels with China
Stunning that This group is obstructing public release of incriminating documents?  No surprised in the least.
Every President since Reagan has done the same exact thing. Did this slip your mind Senator?
Probably those friends of the Koch Bros. who stop by w/ suitcases full of cash to fund his next presidential campaign.
Trump is trying to hide the #Orangtanman in the WH and his collusion with Putin
It's either a perversion to hide, or he's building a shadow govt. That's why he's kept so many spaces open. A job for @MalcolmNance
Just in; Trump gives Goldman Sachs a spare key to WH..they also brought over toothbrushes..so yeah
Transparency?....Draining the swamp?...fuck that shit!
Answer: Info re Nunes midnight romps to WH
tRump is trying to hide anything and everything he thinks he can get away with. GOP in Congress are aiding and abetting.
Trump thinks being in the highest office of public service carries all the perks and benefits of being a private citizen. Trump Es No Listo
I think he's trying to set a precedent to prevent any suggestion of giving up Mar a Lago logs.
Trump is trying to hide everything.
@MalcolmNance a million times YES
What were the Clintons hiding when they did same thing?
#TaxMarchNYC
And how have they forgotten that the WH is OUR house, lock, stock, and paperwork?  DJT seems unaware the he's not pvt. CEO, but R employee!
The Neolithic mindset of the democrats will only perpetuate their never ending resolve to continue to fail thru lies and deceptions
@SenateDems Like you, he doesn't want certain meetings to compromise any of his future plans to bad Obama holdouts.
Let's chain him up until he tells us.
@SenateDems THIS IS THE MOST CORUPTED FOOL WHO'S SHOWED  USA HE NOW DON'T GIVE A DAM ABOUT AMERICANS HIS FAMILY ONLY
Hello Tom... know many of your family in AZ! Knew Moe and others...  keep up the fight Senator! We must get to the bottom of Russian crap
He is all about control and money, money, money.
Trump's pathetic 2 pronged attack 1) distract, 2) hiding who has visited, believes Americans who didn't vote 4 him r as stupid as his base.
TOM is STUNNED:After Losing Suit, Obama White House DELAYED releasing the Visitor Logs until All political names were Laundered & Deleted!
Exactly
@OfficeGovEthics @OversightDems @HouseGOP @HouseIntelComm IF U R TRUE AMERICANS, WE THE PEOPLE OF THE U.S DEMAND AN INDEPENDENT COUNSEL NOW
Duh raised the question for months when wouldn't show taxes.
@SenatorTomUdall  did you care to look @ Obama VL when BLM Robert Creamer AL Sharpton Tony Podesta DeRay McKesson Muslim Brotherhood Morsi
@SenatorTomUdall visited the WH. NO, No you did not. In fact, you did nothing
Rs, ask yourself what would you say if Obama did this?
He did vow the most transparent administration ever
Company one keeps says something about the person  Are visitors being cleared? How close are they 2sensitve info? Troubling
Taxpayers should know who the president is meeting with in the taxpayer-funded White House. It's not complicated.
but many meetings can give away his future ideas and plans to people who would try to stop him.
Russian hookers with full bladders?
The media needs to put a 24 hour c-span like camera at all entrances to the WH. So we the people can see who is coming and going.
More inappropriate behavior. He's the worst EVER! Worse than Nixon and Bush
Lobbyists and worse. He is a bigger crook than Nixon ever was.
The question isn't what, but "who" and "how many?"
..or is this another distraction?
Forget impeachment. Nullify the crooked election and throw all of the crooks out straight to prison. LOCK THEM UP!
It's too late for Conald to hide his crooked behavior. The whole world knows he is a crook and liar.
My best guess is that his administration is meeting with swarms of defense attorneys.
Hint: rhymes with Prussia
Everything.
Exactamundo friend
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @PressSec @CNN @FoxNews @AP @politico WH-Yes, aside from Russia/taxes, what else R U trying to hide?
The lack of transparency in this administration definitely implies they are hiding something. They use"national security" as a tool to hide
Well, I can think of one. It will show how many times and at what times Comrade Nunes has stopped by to visit his Russian President.
@MalcolmNance EVERYTHING. He's a crook!
And the equally stunning fact of *no response* from Congressional oversight--what are *they* trying to hide for/with him? @jasoninthehouse
Could not agree more Senator. US deserves elected officials who demand transparency @robportman @SherrodBrown @RepTimRyan @RepJimRenacci
I think we all know what he's trying to hide.  This guy IS a treasonous criminal trying to cover his tracks.
He has everything to hide, especially Russian connections. Stone/ Page/Manafort/Tillerson&family.That's just for starters.It's a Royal Flush
Thank you Rep. Udall.
President Trump is undoing years of political accomplishments by both parties. Congress has the power to stop this; Impeach him.
FBI VISITS! I can't take credit for that one - I read a tweet......
@MalcolmNance Everything!!!!
I think it's quite obvious...he's trying to hide the identity of WH visitors. The question is why?
This raises questions?  Have you heard about the Russia stuff?
Senator Udall, This Presidency is causing a lot of anxiety wth people right here in Albuq. I haven't slept for weeks. When do yo think any
Beginning to have big doubts about all the admin actually
GOP doesn't care, could be Putin on office for all they care
Russian whores? Melania probably knows and doesn't give a shit at this point.
The same information he is hiding on his taxes! Can't get those either ! Now what? Press and Congress have treated him like a KING.
obviously meeting with Russians
Better question -Who is Trump trying to hide?
And who is going to do anything? Nobody? That's what I thought. He's not above the law, 2018 is not an option
Yes all Qs are the same, what is he now hiding?  We need laws requiring presidential actions plus candidate tax returns and Health data.
Everything!
Yes. This is insane decision. Anti-democracy, transparent attempt to hide his corruption.
Donald's coke dealer and urinating whores need unimpeded access to the White House.
Escort women?
I'm guessing it's underage prostitutes. Anyone? #WhatsHeHiding
Uh, everything?
#KremlinKlan Trump has lots to hide
- Good idea. @realDonaldTrump is too secretive and too business oriented to be allowed to hide his meetings with other s.
At least he allows visitors! What was Obama, besides Pizza Gate hiding by closing the doors to the public. I hope your party never returns.
Go back to sleep grandpa. Your mess are obviously wearing off but don't worry nurse will be around soon. Ps. Wtf is on your head 
Everything he possibly can like middle of the night Munes visits
Let's see, Senator...did your president Obama withhold any
information...?? And you voted against Gorsuch, which means
you are Schumer...
the press needs to post someone at all doors and just record and announce daily. :-0
His teeny tiny penis.
#Trumprussia #RussiaLago #TrumpLies #Trumpsteals #Trumpkills #TrumpDeathPanel #Trump=Failure
Everything! I'm not surprised! from this Rogue, Salesman, & Con Artist @realDonaldTrump Sad, his supporters gat duped
He's employed by the American people, if they want transparency, transparency it is.
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts ITS TIME TO CLEAN THE SWAMP OUT OF THE WH.
#trump is trying to hide everything he can since everything he does is #illegal or #unethical or both. #Kleptocracy #russiagate
Mr. Udall please get to work for the people.  Jobs and economy...
PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.  You have the majority of patriotic Americans on your side!!!
EVERYTHING!
What doesn't he hide? Let's see the tax info!
@POTUS in not afraid to push any button. When will the representatives of We the People stand up to him?
I'm not confident that the records will be complete,but he should have to release them & Mar-Lar-go visitors as well
Everything. He's trying to hide everything
Obvious...hiding something!
EVERYTHING
I felt safe w Obama. Here r similarities w Putin. An Ass on a power trip tht severely lacks the intelligence to lead is called a Dictator.
@taxdaymarch Another reason we need 2 see POTUS' tax returns-so we can see what he owns & who he OWES & relationship btwn!
@moderate2severe he doesn't want us to see his Russian guests!!!
Everything he does. I.e. Closed door  legislation/ signing away women's rights.
#Lawyeringup?
Come on Tom. Your brother blew it and now you act like you didn't see this crap coming? Dirty Don is not...fill in the blanks!
Everything!!
It seems some of the investigations go back as much as 4 yrs. I'm ok being in the dark if it means the case is being strengthened. Right?
I bet the Russians can get us the lists.
Every day when I think this train wreck can't possibly get any worse, the shit just keeps piling on.  #resist
. Yes & who's visiting @realDonaldTrump. TRANSPARENCY @FBI. I paid federal taxes this year,where r DT's?Next yr ppl may not file..ur choice.
Trump jerks your chain and you go trotting up behind him.  
When everything is an Outrage!!!! no one is going to take you seriously.
The Federal Government's Freedom of Information Act... I'm not sure but I think this Act could be used to get the information?
What is Trump hiding ?
The WH is the people's house not the presidents house.
Every day they find new ways to look super guilty  #russiagate
@Tommy8668 EVERYTHING. .just like usual w this IDIOT #NotMyPresident
Bout time you started talking about this.
Another thing Congress won't act on. Aqesome
Why are your fellow members of Congress letting this continue?
This is great Tom. Now it's time for you and like minded Senators to state your objections loudly & vociferously. Raise some hell goddammit
If he hides everything,who knows what to fight to see?Totally strategic.I think he will shut out every possible thing he can.
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts I CANT SAY IT ENOUGH GET OUT & VOTE. #IMPEACH #IMPEACH #IMPEACH
It might be easier to list what he isn't trying to hide at this point #TrumpRussia #trumpcolluded #ImpeachTrump
@WillSeattle Trump hides as a matter of principle. He hides behind money, he hides from press. He lies and hides.
The answer...All of it.
Russian Hookers with full bladders?
Maybe he's getting tired of his weekend travels where he can do the undisclosed access 24/7?
I hear there's a new app to check to see when he's at Tsar-a-Lago.
The better to hide all the defense attorneys that will be visiting all the players at the WH.
.@SenatorTomUdall you have  problems in NM which you are not solving:  Crime, Education, Poverty, Undocumented Aliens, Bad Roads
#DoYourJob
Golden shower giving prostitutes.
Russian Connections,Goldman Sachs strategy sessions etc
I  request @SenCoryGardner join you to push @WhiteHouse for full disclosure, ESP with all the #EmolumentsClause issues lurking @CREWcrew
Is it possible to request a FOIA ?
Let's see your visitor logs. Oh, that's right, FOIA requests don't apply to members of congress.
RT @SenatorTomUdall The stunning decision to withhold #WhiteHouse #visitorlogs raises an obvious question:what's Pres #Trump trying to hide?
When we get the majority we need to enact laws that would prevent this and all the other crooked Trump norms; not living in WH, logs, etc.
Taxes, security clearances, drug tests ..
Transparency is essential to trust in government. This is terrible. We own that house.
Russians? Fascists? Aliens!? 
Everything.
The Obamas and the Clintons stone wall the congress at every step you didn't care about that so why do you care now ??????????
and some wonder why we need leaks....to save our country, that's why. #trumprussia #russiagate #trumpcolluded
What is he not trying to hide? He is freaking out trying to blame some loophole he is inventing for everything he has been caught doing!
Tax returns? Visitor logs, etc etc
