Dreamers didnt break the law. How is it their fault?
They came in illegally., you call them dreamers?They broke the law. Daca is racist and unconstitutional.@THR @SenSchumer @BarackObama @DNC
#GOP disagrees with you . You are nothing but universal hate.  change your profile on twitter.  
#DreamersMakeAmericaGreat
Daca is racist and unconstitutional. Proud black legal immigrant. @BarackObama @CNN @GOP @immigrant4trump @HillaryClinton @LouDobbs @FoxNews
No more special treatment, Racist Daca must go. It was a scam to get votes @SenSchumer @immigrant4trump @adjunctprofessr @AP @BarackObama
@POTUS loves things get done and hates waiting as we saw yesterday.  Let's provide him with our plan on Dream Act ahead of GPOs. No waiting.
Nothing will be acceptable if it doesn't include people from all races. @immigrant4trump @adjunctprofessr @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @AP
Democratic plan is for all races that are affected but exclusive of races and factions oppose the bonafide dreamers.
Do your job and make a law that will fix the immigration problems in this country. Don't  blame the President for the failures of Congress.
but I will do my job to protect every New Mexican from the harmful policies of this administration
Melanie came here and modeled nude before getting visa. Then she met a sleazy playboy and had an anchor baby. Hypocrisy!
No, House does not OWE THEM ANYTHING. dacas OWE RESPECT 4 the LAW. daca "children" r grown now. Let them apply 4 citship or legal status.
What kind of woman is this, calling people dreamers? Guess what? American dream 4 us all and legal people. @DNC @GOP @HillaryClinton @aplusk

WATCH: Hillary Saying in '09 that DACA Children should not be allowed to stay in America. 

But I don't remember the MSM calling her racist. 
Congress does not work for the President. You work for your constituents. Please would someone stand up to this tyrant!
You owe people of your own country opportunities & safety before illegals!!
Hold on 1 second. We trusted them too, &half of them lied. We subsidized their lives; WE DON'T OWE THEM ANYTHING!
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepLujanGrisham/status/905778807201611776 … (Ranked 11th for Sep 7.)
Agreed!!
Why didn't they apply for citizenship???
Because the law now states that once they became undocumented, they have to return to home country, apply at US consulate and wait 10 years
That's the law! Send them back
You aren't very smart, are you.
If they love & support our nation so much, why didn't they become legal citizens?
You don't just apply
Dream Act Inexplicably Excludes Legal Immigrant Dreamers, Requires Applicants Violate the Law  https://www.cato.org/blog/dream-act-inexplicably-excludes-legal-immigrant-dreamers … via @CatoInstitute
What did the DREAMers Trust? The law Obama enacted w/o legal authority? If they understand our Constitution they know the law is worthless!
We owe them NOTHING, they've been living off taxpayers for years!
Through DACA they are registered and pay more taxes than the orange asshole
Then blame obam 4 giving them FALSE HOPE, when HE said HIMSELF SAID he did NOT hv authority to do daca. He sold them a bill of bill of goods
dreamers bull shit they are invaders
Actually we trust our government to put America first.
We owe ILLEGALS NOTHING! They have been collecting $140,000 + every year at TAXPAYER expense! @ABQJournal @CrucesSunNews @roswelldaily
Through DACA they have registered and probably pay more taxes than the glorified orange narcissist
800,000 turns into MILLIONS by how the program is written...DON'T believe the LIES you are being told by DEMS! Time to END ILLEGAL BEHAVIOR!
Nancy & Chuck have been lawmakers 30/18 yrs. U could have called illegals out of the dark; helped w/$ to apply. Be creative/Trump will helpU
Well since you Representatives didnt take care of the legislation of that Obama executive order, all eyes are on you to do your job now!!
Why the hell should they expect our government to takeof them?  Do they pay more taxes than I do?  You need to get your head on straight!!!!
It's time the United States federal government KEPT a promise it made to #POC (people of color). It might be the first time.
Do you have a response to the families of The Remembrance Project?
Time for those in Congress to be replaced, who break immigration laws by not enforcing existing laws!
You're a freaking dope lady. If you feel so bad about then take them into your home and neighborhood.
For every Dreamer a legal American looses there job. #Liberals Want you poor so they can control your life. How is it working for ya so far.
We've given them plenty.....time to end the hand outs!
Sad to say this is only the first of many dreams that will be turned into nightmares with our current "leadership."

@rolandsmartin
While dreams of American children are going up in smoke cause Congress puts dreamers first. Tax reform, ACA repealed/replaced. #AmericaFirst
government didn't promise Shit Obama used them for a political ploy to get votes go protest at his house then move into Cher's and Perry's
Millions of Americans thought government would put them before illegals . Consequences their parents did breaking law boo hoo
We don't owe them a Thing.
You are dead wrong... we don't owe them anything... that's the problem. As a taxpayer I'm fed up funding things especially if it's wrong!
•
Obama = Otter 
Dreamers = Flounder 
•

Tired of saying our own ignored.
How much is this costing the us as the dreamers are allowed to bring all the relatives into the country and immediately apply for benefits
Why should these young people have to pay the price for their lives and wellbeing?  It's an injustice that will do more harm than good.
Why do the family members of convicted criminals have to suffer when their loved ones are imprisoned or even just jailed for a couple days?
When @TheDemocrats had both House & Senate under Obama  Dems voted it down and that's why he made it temporary, otherwise unconstitutional
Illegals Voting is a Deportable Offense ,
Wait what, now Dreamers are saying we owe them???  This is backwards.
•
They didn't trust "our Government. They trusted Obama, which was an emotional act, not a logical one.
If President decides to let them stay is not because of Dream Act, is because he is got a heart and he is human.
I don't owe them shit
the dream act was an executive order, not a law, Presidents don't make law, illegal act, illegal people, they need to pay back welfare money
If your parents sneak you in to disneyland are you allowed to stay there for free because it's cruel to kick you out?

It's in Congress lady where it should've been the whole time. Don't give a sad story 
b/c I have a far worst one than any of those Illegals
Why? It was Obama acting alone. He would owe them, not the people who pleaded to have the borders secured. O.k. Carmen Ortiz too I guess.
The Congress would not help less it would stand. It was illegal from the start. Everyone was played. Us as well as them.
Funny as this issue might have been a non issue of Democrats as the minority party hadn't refused to compromise on immigration legislation
And instead relied on an Executive Order which lacked any legal backing whatsoever....
-Iilegal alien caucus is lying again, deportation a myth, but American citizen dreamer should come first
What about our own citizens , don't we owe them ? Avg dreamer age is 26, they have had 8  years to become legal and choose not to, Adios
They CAN'T become citizens. Educate yourself before tweeting.
They can do what every other legal immigrant does. Apply for citizenship.
MILLIONS of Legal Immigrants earned their way. #DeportDreamers
Okay!
HOW DARE YOU PUT ILLEGAL ALIENS BEFORE TAX PAYING LAW ABIDING AMERICAN CITIZENS?? What laws may we ignore without reprecussions?
I think you mean Congress. Can't drag their feet anymore.
@JimDines2 where are they collecting $140k a year from???
800K "dreamers" were lied to by Obama. Now Trump is going to make things right by forcing Congress to pass a law.
They're NOT owed shit? U OWE the American ppl that u/dems endlessly turn ur backs on. WTF do u/dems even do but split lies about POTUS?
800k people trusted our government to violate the laws that our government had previously established? Huh.. why never do that for citizens?
Dreamers owe a lot to the taxpayers that support them, no more, close the borders & build the wall.
All protection is due the Dreamers and others as well
@NancyPelosi @HouseGOP
Send the Dreamers back home FREELOADERSTake care of the USA people and Veterans First send FREELOADERS home. you are about follow the dollar
Breaking the law should not be rewarded!
Support our http://humanity.Support  our dreamers
If you want this DO YOUR JOB, wasn't Obama' job nor is it Trump's.
Mr. Trump stated in One of his Speech that the Dreamer ain't dreaming Now. No, they are not Dreaming ,They are having " Nightmares ".
That's right they trust The senators representatives ACLU. You had 8 years to help them and now you want to blame POTUS. Trump.
Blame game really!! 2018 election let see what you guys do.
They're owed something because they broke our laws to come here illegally? Seriously?
Do Americans deserve to die from DREAMers?  Apparently u believe the lady in FL killed by a DREAMer was just the cost of supporting illegals
Nothing is mentioned at all that Obama violated the constitution and now they are suffering.  Did they bother to try to be citizens?
Amen. And #borderwall is not a bargaining chip. Pass DACA because it is the right thing to do.
That is insulting to me black. Daca is based on race and was a scam.No more Daca. @DNC @CNN @GOP @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @foxandfriends
Do u even know why our president did this. #clueless
Why did OBAMA violate the constitution and why did dreamers not try to be citizens??   36 yr old is NOT A dreamer.  Blame Trump??? Not!!!!
"owes"?
Let me tell you something you seam to have forgotten you represent us and my dreamers.Obama lied to them so don't make it my problem.Wake up
#DoYourJob
Your wrong!  They trusted Obama and he lied! Congress makes law's not Obama!  The key words is illegals! American's 1st
21,000 dreamers had there daca statist taken away.We have 3,000 in our prison.Obama broke the immigration laws by doing this.We have laws
American government owes illegals nothing. DACA is a violation of our Constitution and Laws. American citizens FIRST ! END DACA
800k trusted our govt not to do their jobs, not to follow their oath of office's, simply, not to follow the laws. Govt was their friends.
Last I checked house GOP AND Dems owe them this. Do your jobs and legislate a solution. Stop whining and playing politics.
Congress needs to get off their asses, quit obstructing and work for our country not their respective parties.
Americans trusted OUR  government to put US first. Do they not owe anything to taxpayers who send them and fund the government?
Which presidents granted amnesty?
IRC Act of 1986—signed by President Reagan granted amnesty 2 about 3 million illegal immigrants in US.
No ... @HouseDemocrats owe them a bipartisan bill that Congress will pass & @POTUS will sign. 6 mos - 3/2018. Clock is ticking. Get to work
No they didn't! Government ripped them away from their parents! Just to gain another 800 thousand liberal communist voters!
Hearing how ending DACA punishes the innocent, can these people be made Wards of the State of NM?  I wish I could adopt them all
Love and support; where's that love and support for those people who came in here LEGALLY? Or are they just chumps for following the law?
Exactly. Illegals don't have to follow the law, why should the rest of us?
Appreciate your advice to 45, however it's difficult to believe the words of a known liar, bully and grifter.
If I were so worried why the hell they didn't get their papers it's not our problems go back home and try it legal
Daca is not legal not the law  you should. Be thanking  trump for pushing dem and rep to make this legal
No, the Dreamers trusted DEMOCRATS that never bothered to follow through on a LAW. DEMOCRATS knew this was coming, Trump campaigned on it.
How can you be so dumb? Obama signed the EO because Congress wouldn't do anything. That means you. And so now it's important to you?
What is the bill number you sponsored to allow DACAs to stay? @HouseGOP
lady u need to stay of TV and get congress to do their job. fix the problem
@NancyPelosi they OWE it to their family to go through the process to become a citizen. You're panicking to save voters
The congress owed Us a debate and vote. #illegalisillegal
How does @GOP owe them? You folks have had the opportunity to pass a bill many times and you have done nothing. Don't blame Trump or the GOP
Um, they're ILLEGAL.   We don't "Owe" them a damn thing.  We will however, likely give them a chance to become legal.
"American citizens" trusted our leaders/government to follow our laws. What Obama did with #DACA was wrong.
Just get off of twitter, get your fat butt to work and pass a law that will cover it
They aren't being deported. Stop spreading baseless accusations under your "caring" guise that only spread fear just for your political gain
Deportation is the threat, and is definitely down the line. Not baseless! #ProtectDREAMers
Definitely down the line? There are no facts to support that. Most evidence points otherwise. Again, baseless.
What facts?
To not deport is bipartisan. If trump wanted to deport he would've done so, but he instead gave a 6 month period. Not much has changed.
Your thoughts on this are baseless. This could have been resolved years ago. If Republicans would have got on board.  A Republican creation.
The reason daca has been rescinded is because of its unconstitutional passing during the Obama administration.
You say it's unconstitutional. Republicans say it's on constitutional. Pass it and give them a path to citizenship, problem solved...
Its funny how Barry himself said it was unlawful and temporary.
Our great President has allowed Lazy do-nothing congress opportunity to correct the mess @BarackObama created bypassing congress @potus @vp
Sucks when you had 15 yrs to make a law and finally your @potus says you have 6months. Time to earn that $$$$ #lazycongress
Now it's time for Congress to get together and help these folks like they couldn't do before
And the executive branch let these people down. They gave them false hope.
It's all up to Congress now.

Unconstitutional executive order, undone by executive order. Now, you in congress come up with a plan. If 800k dreamers stay- 800k others go
I wish D.C. cared about Americans this much. Don't remember them ever fighting to end hunger or to care for our vets.
The Republicans Dont Give 2 SH*TS Abt Vets Elderly Handicap Poor Their Motto is I've got Mine FU
No one in DC cares. Dems only care about illegals and keeping people dependent on the government. They only care about themselves.
They have received FREE EDUCATION, FREE HEALTHCARE, PREFERENCE 4 JOBS.. and now we "owe them?"????
Your main man in his own words
We owe them nothing they got free education and benefits our veterans cant get
If they love and support our nation, why have they not gotten legalized in the last 4 years?
U have been lying since 2006 when u stated u were going to update immigration law. Stop ur Fn lying
Obama's executive action was implemented illegally, It was a band aid, Trump is simply sorting this mess out and making dreamers legal
If it is so important why didn't he Dems pass it in 2010? 2012? So it is only important now? You are all pathetic hypocrites! #flipit18
http://truthfeednews.com/over-2000-daca-dreamers-convicted-or-accused-of-crimes-against-americans/ …. True for some of them but not all, need all veted
Sad how our elected officials care more about illegals than they do vets or homeless Americans! Didn't see this with vet medical scandals!
Nobody is owed anything
Billions if citizens trusted our government to not do illegal things, but they do it anyways. Where is your concern for us?
How many Dreamers living in your house?
I'm sure there are quite a few that voted democrat in the last election.
Their is no question in my mind. 92% voted Dems.
Why aren't you blaming Obama? He illegally changed the constitution. We are a nation of laws, you need to resign if you can't uphold both! 
Let them live in your house. Sanctuary, right?
But you didn't do nothing while in congress. So shut up, stop tweeting and do your job.
800k inner city youth trusted our govt. where were you for them?
Dems are scaring the ppl that are effected by DACA, it's  so obvious and the voters will remember this. Clear the swamp.
If your parents robbed a bank and you kept the money would you be wrong too?
Why does the House GOP owe dreamers anything house Democrats o American citizens reasonable Health Care tax reform and a border wall
We need to enforce our laws. All Americans are Dreamers.
I'll just leave this here.....
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
I am not aware of anyone being deported.  If Nancy and her team will work toward a solution that is legal and constitutional, it'll be fine
Crazy Nancy
