how progressive of you to show white,murderous, women marching over marble floors
I have no issue with them as long as they represent the people and their best interest and not those of Trump & Minions!
are you sure? It looks like you're just interested in taking away birth control for women and healthcare for people under 26.
two things that actually SAVED MONEY & LIVES, and you gut them. Hard to believe you care about health or fiscal responsibility.
and we haven't even touched on the fact that you want to make pregnancy a "preexisting condition." ARE YOU SERIOUS?
when birth control is no longer covered, and pregnancy is a preexisting condition, how does this save lives and money?
I'm disgusted. You clearly lack the insight/foresight required to save lives and money, or you don't give a shit about either.
Where's the beef, cough, cough I mean the nuclear power? Russia of course.
Ya all will get richer and richer! Happy as Russian Clams destroy the world, in secret.
Also, they're all white.  Hope you weren't trying to look inclusive or anything.
Selling out USA?What does Russia have on #trump? KNOW THEY HAVE THIS https://youtu.be/4aqibp-lPtk  Slap in the face to every serviceman
Putting two women in your ad isn't going to make up for laws against #yesallwomen's autonomy that are #crimesagainsthumanity.
I can't wait until you all are voted out for killing Americans by denying them health insurance.
looks like a bunch of rich old white people in suits that want to take away some basic human rights 
I'm pretty sure if I were honored to ever get such a job I would buy some new suits.

U R NOT anything or anyone but AMERICANS! As our REPRESENTATIVES we expect U 2 work together MAGA! Stop stalling USA is watching
Great video!
Yep. Racist, sexist, white supremacists.
partisan politics continues and America declines as a first world. Good job at screwing yourselves next election.
1940 HOOD-FR LOCAL FASCIST GANG- 5D ORIEN NAZI) APT 4A MOST BRUTAL MUSLIM PALESTINIAN-TERROR) FAMILY EXPERIENCED NAZI ATROCITIES!
hurt ppl on ACA new bill passed than repeal. You all can't agree on anything this is backwards get a new heathcare plan first!
@electcharles LUKE 20:25 - "Jesus said to [Chief Priests], 'Then give back to Caesar what is Caesar's and to God what is God's.'"
You could not see a Man of Color being President. Why not simply Put your hoods on and be open about your racism.
The apocalyptic gospel hymn is a really nice touch... I see what you did there!
love the upbeat vibe....now go fight for your state's people!
It's so cute because they're taking healthcare from the folks who voted for them and pocketing pharma lobby money! #medicare4all
Good luck.Be strong.Thanks for serving.
all white?
they got the votes.
Didn't u get the memo? PoC can't run for office. U didn't? Me either, because it doesn't exist. Maybe they want affirmative action senators?
point being minorities are underrepresented in the GOP because the GOP is not the party for minorities
a class of their own, yeah the privileged lackeys to the 1% 
Your party knows no shame !!!
Do something for the  common people!
You included traitor Tom Cotton. Most of your caucus sign that letter to #Iran. You want to toss out haters. Let's throw you out.
So, no Class 3 freshmen. @TheDemocrats have @KamalaHarris @SenatorHassan @CatherineForNV @SenDuckworth @ChrisVanHollen.#loser #US
Stiff competition for the Class Clown! Stop screwing the U.S., especially if you are defunding Planned Parenthood!
Nice dramatic entry. reminds me of Armagedn. Good luck with your 4 work days a year and free Heathcare as you screw America over.

don't pretend to care about American voters. You're lock-step support of Russia's puppet will be remembered during re-election.
Loving that racial diversity. Oh wait....
if you wanted to move this country forward you would not dismantle ACA without a replacement ready.
if you wanted to move this country forward you would not have backed an unpresidential candidate like @realDonaldTrump
Funny, I read that as "class clown"
Yep! Class LESS! #obstructionists #GOPFAIL
Trump crashed & burned like everyone knew he would in front of the world. How do it feels to be set up by Putin? Party of puppets
@realDonaldTrump @tweetcongress Rid us of everything #soetoro #obama who ever he is. Send george soros to #Russia
this is counting your roosters before they are eggs. #republican in name only. #rino #israel #texas #repealstealing #$0
Class clowns that is.  GOP senators are conducting a WAR AGAINST Americans. GOP does NOT represent the values of this nation.
PLEASE follow rules in #SenateHearings. Be sure ALL nominees are QUALIFIED & pass ethics review: Sessions/Rex/Carson/DeVos/Perry
vine loops @usedgov u cult™ vs @CivilRights @IDFPR @ILAttyGeneral! Not allowed in public service! Real oversight @RussiaConnects
@realDonaldTrump @Pontifex @POTUS @ILAttyGeneral junkies™©®
Hey look more spineless white people who won't protect our constitution by standing up against Trump.
I hope the freshman class of GOP congressmen are more concerned and open minded about our country than the current GOP members
#NoClassGOPSenate - The leadership brainwashed the freshman on obstruction strategy & politics over principled governance
thank you to sen. Graham & McCain 4 demanding investigating into Russia involvement.  Our democracy at stake!!!
. President Obama's picks were put in place is because he had vetted them . They have to be vetted. Why isn't this happening?
ladies I pray you stand up for the people.
Rules &norms are in place to protect the United States. Changing the rules for Trump is a danger of the integrity/security of US.
The United States of America comes before Pres,Congress, Judges,gov officials & staff.No Senate confirm before bankground checks!
Since when do you schedule confirmation hearings before background checks are completed? It's ok to put our at country risk?
Please think carefully about Trumps nominees. Many are fearful of the Russian influence on these people. Please be on the rt side
.@SenateGOP You don't represent working people. We will vote you out of office. We are focused and we are coming! #resist
These freshmen have as much class as your average public school in July.
I would prefer/Demand they not be given a #AynRand book as REQUIRED reading Thank you
How they are not as CLUELESS as the last generation.
Tom Cotton would be insta-selected to Slytherin
Looks like two white women and 80 white men. COOL!
yeah... a class of demons
#MerrickGarland #FlintWaterCrisis
awesome! REAL TAX REFORM? @realDonaldTrump said he's smart by not paying taxes. Fix it! #DrainTheSwamp http://bziegl.weebly.com 
They sure are in a class of thier own

#TheReistance
class of their own is right. They're in the same ballpark as Hillary! Probably because you're all in wall streets pockets.
So glad to see you guys having fun. Will you be smiling when you take away #aca coverage from millions of us?

Solemn Responsibility.

He's not fit to be president of the United States. 
Is it just me, or does the Republican Party remind you of "The Empire" in "Revenge of the Sith"
ready for a real change
Nothing like showing a sea of lily white people marching to an old negro spiritual while focusing on the ladies legs. Low class
Repubs, PLEASE call/email our state reps to support Trump's EPA pick Pruitt. Dems are ready to block him.
Then they elect Paul Ryan and we realize it's the same tired words.
try something like 'When Johnny comes marching home again'. Not a one of you is saint like. Stick to something American.
Republicans are planning to dismantle Obamacare what are the people going to do for health insurance now??
Millions have been mobilized since election. Keep that in mind for 2018. Us libturds are watching. Strike 1: Ethics amendment.
Dear Freshmen: Hope u can convince yr fellow Repubs to not let ethics be 1st casualty of new Congress:
Yeah...Quislings...hahahahahahah...you screwed yourselves!  I love it!
Seems kinda old...
You R no linger the party of morality or patriotism. You have shown you don't care abut USA & its people. U care 4 power!
laughable
maybe just have an 8 year maximum like the president or are you for electoral authoritarian state? http://ln.is/www.havenscenter.org/FE4SD …
GOP and Trump PRAISE Putin and SHIT on majority of Americans.
malignant narcissist will harm others, enjoy doing so, showing little empathy or regret for the damage they have caused.
Mr Trump is socially dysfunctional. He has no idea how angry he makes common people. He will bring back the 60s
"Let's start the opening shot focused on the ladies' legs & end on their breasts." @SenateGOP: promoting their view of womens' talents.
and lets show the men running meetings and doing press ups and the women just posing for photos.
My 30-Year Tenure As A Republican Is Over http://www.huffingtonpost.com/chris-ladd/why-im-resigning-my-position-republican-committeeman_b_11184436.html?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
30yrs of loyalty after 1yr of #Trump . 4yrs? 
No lifetime pay
No lifetime benefits
The TRUMPETEERS !!!!!   New song coming for National Anthem.
No Republi-CON ARTIST will move this country forward. They are self righteous, self serving and serving centered.

They just can't wait to further screw the American people. Senator Mc Turtle and Senator  Monkey Boy
@HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan Be careful what you wish for. What you reap you will sow. #trumplickers #antichristinchief
@HouseGOP
@HouseGOP
@HouseGOP
republica in italiano sensa dopie letere
Freshman please hold DJT accountable. Pretend he is a Dem and act accordingly. You and PEOTUS work for all of the electorate.

looks like a great group, ready to aid all those billionaires!
you guys need to do the people's will w/ Trump leading or your out.  Your rich enough

They will ALL support Trump becoming a Multi Trillionaire by manipulating the United States of America.  Massive Revolution.
I wonder who will yell at the 2017 Inauguration @realDonaldTrump "You lie & their goal is too make you a 1 term POTUS?"
I think they won't!
FN BASTARDS
well that is depressing
Planning your disgraceful grab on the state for the next election already? http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/15/politics/north-carolina-republican-power-grab/index.html …
Have u learned any Russian yet ? friends with Putin ? invested in oil and dirty coal ? medical insurance ?
how does it feel to have Trump representing GOP christian values of honesty hard work and family ? Feel cheated a bit dirty ?
Birtherism, 'you lie,' secret muslim, etc. Now you support 'grab 'em by the pussy.' How can you claim the moral high ground?
EVERY SINGLE POLITICIAN WHO DOESN'T ADDRESS THIS RUSSIAN ISSUE WILL BE GIVEN THE SCARLET LETTER OF ANTI AMERICAN.  TIME TO DECIDE
Should have waited a little longer after the U.S Senate race in Louisiana so you can add @JohnKennedyLA in this video also. - DP
When an act so egregious to our country happens (eg, 9-11), we all pull together and put politics aside #russia #investigate
Can we count on you to put country over party? The Russians own Trump. Is this your #AmericanExceptionalism?
Congratulations patriotic Republicans, you've provided a nuclear arsenal to this man.

could confirm 25 bipartisan judicial nominees. End the obstruction and #DoYourJob!
I am counting on you to be fair, balanced, uncorruptable,  and for the people.  Don't let me down.
this is cancer
, Amen , Amen , fellow Senators for acknowledging me to senate again . I assure you devotion , maximum cooperation and love.
hey look, all these people who can't wait to crawl ALLLL up in my lady bits.
this is so very encouraging
LOVE THIS!  Welcome!
LOVE IT!!
Can't help myself, gotta put this out there again. LOVE IT
