How? The only people who get any major benefit from your proposals are the people who earn several thousand times the median household incom
Please stop lying.  Just take our money and run.
Which working families would those be?I don't know many wage earners who pull in 250K a year
@AGJeff_Sessions @FBI @FinancialCmte @TomFitton @ChuckGrassley @BankingGOP @JudicialWatch @HouseJudiciary @BankingGOP @GOPSenFinance @POTUS
Hasn’t worked in the past?
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Lies lies
If that's the case, why do we need you?
Rewarding the rich- Sounds like South American corrupt politicians
LIES!
@SenJohnThune  *sigh*
He has ZERO upper-midwestern left in him. ZERO. We need to get him OUT, South Dakotans!
If you Really want to do something for the working people, Anyone making less than $50,000.00 should not pay a dime in income taxes.
C
Get him out before he kills us all!  Haven’t you been reading his tweets?
Yeah the top 1% clearly needs more $ to spend on themselves at the expense of the middle class.  Good job screwing the middle class.
What do u expect from them and there liar nut boss
What? About $2.50/week? Lot of good that will do, while wealthy enjoy million$ in tax cuts. Disingenuous, at best. Lying, actually.
Thank You ..Our Family Needs Tax Reform !!


Go ahead.  The proof will be in the eating of the pudding.
Do the current tax reform proposals balance the budget? NO.

Do they increase the deficit? YES. 

#TaxReform 
#BackToTheDrawingBoard
The real truth, the Republicans won’t tell you vote them out in November

That is simply bullshit~you're rich the tax cut is for the rich~middle class America, the poor+those that voted for trump will lose
Like how all this conviently has finally come to a hilt after all these decades of shyster admin's and will believe it when we see it!
Obviously, you haven't read the various analyses. All of which say that the middle class will either suffer or barely notice the cut.
The OLD SHELL GAME! Not to mention in the next 5yrs  you'll be The Land of the Poor Indigent FOOLS for buying into this chicanery!!
Bullshit
Get him out before he kills us all!  Haven’t you been reading his tweets?
GOPlies
Liars. GOP & Trump's 'tax reform' is more trickle-down Reaganomics making rich & corporations richer, not the 95% of us. No more lying.
What a joke we don't believe your lies this is. It fair or good for anyone but the wealthy. We need a bipartisan plan more that snowballs!
More BULL from Trump and his Rich friends ! NRA and DRUG CO.
Then U take away my deductions? Middle class will suffer from what we've seen so far. Would be great if U had an actual PLAN U could explain
@SenJohnThune if I make $17 a hour, how much of an increase will I see in my weekly paycheck?
stop the blowing smoke. give me an exact number.
Trickle down theory ain’t workin’ too good. 50 years of this bullshit while income inequality increases, more like trickle up.
Not if y'all have anything to do with it. Liars
What happened to #GunControl? Moment of silence over? Back to the #NRA playbook. #ShameOnYou
Yes that is why working families won't really be saving much of anything through this plan.  But no need to worry, Congress will save BIGLY
along with that higher food, gas, general cost of living is going up too, so you  really don't gain a thing
Take a lesson from John McCain and Flake.  Speak the truth
Every dime of that and more will get sucked into healthcare since you are destroying affordable coverage.
Bullshit. This is for your wealthy donors. We all know it.
Is the below code for "We are going to force Business to increase your wages"? @cspanwj
The ridicule of our politicians and our mistake hiring them we are in crisis and we want tax cut our deficit is almost 100% if it's not more
Do not forget to "pay" for it by eliminating the @usedgov and return control of schools to States as Founders intended. U Afraid? @cspanwj
Making corporate cash reserves grow even bigger (now the largest in history) will do NOTHING to help anyone other than corporations.
I'm so tired of sending welfare to the wealthy via tax breaks. Why won't you stand up for us? Your policies aren't helping average Americans
These bullshit lies about this tax plan are getting old!
Why do you not care about the Americans lost in Niger? You were all over Benghazi? No interest in asking questions about your own?
We the people don’t trust You guys!!!
Oh Boy Oh Boy!!! Some of us will get a ONE thousand some FOUR thousand Tax Break. Oh Whoopee! While Your 1%ers will REAP MILLIONS. WHoopee!!
It's about putting more profits in the pockets of corps that won't pass it on to EE's, but only to shareholders. Nice try with that lie!
If (and only if), by "working families," you mean the families of the super-rich Campaign Donor$.
The rest of We The People are about to get screwed.
Rich folks already have enough time off & enough money to spend. Take your plan and well, you know what to do with it.


You will DROWN our family of 6 losing exemp, prop tax, mtg int, SALT. Taxes will GO UP & you will TAKE kids college savings to GIVE to GOVT
How can we lower taxes now with the money we need for disaster relief efforts? Infrastructure maintenance? Admit it, it’s all for the 1%...
I WONT have more time to spend w/my family cuz I"LL HAVE TO GET ANOTHER JOB just to pay for ur TAX INCREASE! R taxes could DOUBLE or TRIPLE
That's a crock  - quit LYING
ICYMI. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/10/18/crackpots-and-political-dunces-ruin-the-gops-economic-agenda/ …
It's exciting that you are letting people keep a few hundred dollars to go to thousands needed for healthcare they cant afford. </sarcasm>
You care more for Corporations than you do WORKERS. You are NOT the GOP of 1956. You've mutated to this hideous affront to Lincoln.
Of course @SenJohnThune & @SenateGOP are lying. You can claim that a tax cut benefits working families, but the plan only benefits the rich
But mostly wealthy campaign contributors will be grateful and have even more money to finance the politicians
Also mention the growth in IRA’s and 401k’s.
Actually, the average middle income family of four will have $4K less in their paychecks.  Lying doesn't make it true. #vote2018
If the GOP is so confident there tax plan will be accepted by people of United States, why use reconciliation? Answer, bad plan
Simply a lie
Every promise so far has turned into a nightmare!  Should we expect any change?
What the American families want is a government that works! Not this Pardison bullshit of the GOP
The middle class gets to go out to dinner and a movie, while the rich get a new house in the islands.
We've seen this movie. It never works. It's like Acme products for the coyote! We're not the coyote! We're not buying the rocket skates!
Actually, middle income families will have on average $4K less to spend.  It will absolutely impact my ability to shop for my kids. #lies
You are wrong!!
kick out John McCain...not a conservative!!!!
How much, exactly? More count be 2 cents while upper 1% gets millions
This is just a bunch of crooked lies your just kayingbit out to look and sound good... When Its Terrible! @SenateDems @SenSanders #KillIT
Liars
Sure they will, and I will become the Queen of England someday.


Nope.
Wealthy families will have more to spend on themselves & their families instead of sending it to Washington, D.C.
Washinngton? their just the middleman, how about England & Italy, by way of the Vatican.
Thune is a VICIOUS RICH REPUBLICAN LIAR. Notice that people at the bottom will have their taxes go up from 10% to 12%
From those who have everything, nothing, from those who have nothing, everything. CRUCIFIXION REPUBLICANS
If you want to help working families cut payroll taxes. That's what working families mostly pay.
What a bunch of #grifters #SellYourSoul to your corporate masters
Washington gives us public education,Medicaid,infrastructure,etc. Happy 2contribute to public welfare. Want the wealthy2contribue more2govt.
You mean Spend more on GOPCARE Prices already went up 30% from what you & Trump did to ACA!!
If it sounds to good to be true, then it's too good to be true.
Prove it...or lose it!  NO Tax Breaks for the top 1%, or deficit increases!  
How about repeal of #ObamaCare? You promised remember? MORE ppl I know lost money due to HIGHER insurance costs than they'd get w/ tax bill

We have numerous natural and expensive disasters  and you dolts are so beholden to your billionaire donor/owners that ul give them tax cuts?
#TrumpTaxScam 

 This appears to most of us to be a tax cut for the richest 1% of Americans...
Snake oil salesman? We're not buying what you're selling! Country folk aren't stupid. Stupid is as stupid does and voting for this is stupid
Reform is good.  Taxes are too complicated.  Cutting taxes for the 1% with the wealth inequity we have makes no sense.
YOU LIE
Big fat Republican lies. 
Tax cuts for billionaires don't help families. Cutting Medicare/Medicaid Destroys families. NO trickle down!
By working families you’re referring to the Waltons and the Kochs I assume. 

You know your lies will be swallowed whole without thought by your base. What you don't comprehend, is that the rest of us can and do think.
Y'all really need to find a new set of lies; these are getting really old now. BTW, until you #Remove #POTUS45 you've failed #America badly!
Sure, but won't that increase the deficit? If the deficit goes up, mandatory spending has to come down, right? That's SS and Medicare, yes?
Seems like you're banking on American greed to win out against taking care of our neighbors. Do you really think that's good?
That's what the GOP always says but not what we get by making the rich richer. We get a BIGGER deficit for our grandkids. losses 4 US #scam
What has to be cut to give this tax break? Pell Grants? Medicare? WHAT??!!

How do we know that? You still having shared the plan in its entirety. The propaganda is killing me, it's like ACA promises all over again.
This is why #Ivoteblue!
Another day, another spokesperson spewing lies. We're old enough to vote so I believe we're old enough to know when your lying to us.
Bigger paychecks? That's not what history, or the current numbers show.
Bullshit. Middle class is taxed higher with this plan and Medicare is cut. This plan only helps top 1% and above. Trickle down is fiction.
What American companies base their pay on their profits? Please educate me on how giving them money guarantees pay increases
so tired of this same scam, year after year.
Why are you cutting healthcare too?!
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Seems like a bad deal since we lose HC too?
The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
