The American ppl sent u there to improve it, not take it away and give money to your rich friends - not go behind closed doors - wake up.
#FullRepeal 
U obviously have health care and are not concerned with others who may not - I want a full repeal of u as a human being.
IT'S NOT FUCKING FAILING!  A lot more are insured because of ACA.
IT IS FAILING! #ACA IS DEAD!!! #RepealObamacare #FullRepeal #AmericaFirst
Well. If you're right I hope you come down with a chronic disease and you age poorly with heart problems, crippling arthritis & Alzheimer's.
#Ignorance 
We should sue the .@SenateGOP and specifically @SenJohnThune ..They are entirely misrepresenting the bill they are attempting to jam thru.
We know the GOP plan is actually tax cuts for the wealthy so stop calling it a healthcare bill!!
NO Just #FullRepeal #AmericaFirst
If you are truly representing your fellow South Dakotans, why aren't you hitting hard on #Avera and #SanfordHealth? #peopleoverprofit
REPEAL PLEASE REPEAL
IN ITS ENTIRETY
DO NOT REPLACE 
GET GOVT OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE PLEASE!!!
#Liberals Are VIOLENT!!! #Lunatics 
Repeal and Replace responsibly. Take time to have genuine conversations across the isle and I will support you.
You failed again. Show you're serious that your plan works. Put Congress on your health plan. #RepealAndReplaceThune
We are taking NOTE of all YES VOTES against OUR HEALTHCARE! IF you CAN'T FIX ACA, we will VOTE DEMs IN to do it in 2018! OUTRAGEOUS! STOP!
Fortunately, the American people found out that you've been lying ro them for the past 7years.
You guys had seven years to get it together. So do it so other things can get done. Stop dillydallying around.

Your current lot in DC is so crooked & malevolent. You do not support ALL Americans only the 1%.
Nice try! We have just enough RINOS to screw everything up! We need to 
#RepealAndReplaceRINOS
#SkinnyRepeal Making Anorexia Glamorous Again! You clowns are so full of it. The issue is COST CONTROL like every other country does
Not all Americans voted for Republicans.
FIX ACA!! 75% of AMERICANS want CONGRESS TO DO IT! STOP DIVISION! LISTEN TO McCAIN!
You will be responsible for people dying!WAKE UP!
REPEAL THUNE!!!
Last time I checked, I didn't ask to repeal and replace @SenateGOP. #PeopleoverProfit #FixACA #StopPeacockingGOP #getacluedicks
YOU Just voted YES for REPEAL ONLY? YOu  CARE about your constituents?2 years delay will just make Insurance Market to COLLAPSE! FIX ACA!!
Quit talkin and do it already
All they can do is talk about it. They know that taking insurance away from 20 or so million Americans will be political suicide.
Insurance with super high premiums and high deductibles.  Is that insurance?  I dont want anyone who wants insurance to lose it. But ACA sux
So fix the ACA, not repeal it. The ACA is a mech for people to buy insurance. The hi prems are the fault of greedy ins companies.
Agree. Problem is its creators wanted a single payer system.  There needs to be competition.  Also needs to remove the mandate to have it.
So many people with power can't stand to work with anything that carries the name Obama they will do everything they can to get it to fail.
Could care less what you call it. But govt cant make us carry insurance.  Whats next?  Slippery slope. Hopefully its fixed.
The govt has thousands of mandates all of us have to follow every day.  The FAA comes to mind. It would be anarchy otherwise.
Be grown ups, work with Dems, "listen" to your constituents and get to work to "REPAIR" the ACA, stop trying to "undo" all of Obama's work
SD constituent here.  You were not sent there to kill millions.
Grew up in SD USD grad, will never move bk bc of you Repubs. I knew Hubert & McGovern, heroes who stood for all people.
No confidence in @GOP 
you're the ones failing our country in favor of the rich
#Obamacare has been effective for MILLIONS - you could be heros by fixing/supporting markets so it works for all. It would be easy for you!!
Truth - #Obamacare is a good thing and can be fixed to work for even more folks. Please mend, don't end and hurt people. Thank you.
Repealing ACA without a replacement is the work of idiots. Literal idiots.
If you cant come up with a replace now what makes you think congress can come up with one in 2 years!!! Wow
the GOP will be suffering the results of this for years to come. in the bed with the devil; he does not care about GOP just power,; his.
Why are you doing this to the people of South Dakota?  You know that you're selling lies and the end result will hurt many.  Grow a set.
Keep reminding the rest of the Senators that they promised a repeal!
Listening to ur lies to America! Rationalizing 35Million ppl losing insurance. You'll be repealed & replaced soon. America deserves better!
Watching you on Senate floor.  Started with misleading statements (ignoring way you sabotaged ACA) and ended with empty promises, no details
Ended promise for bill we don't know. Lied about Dems not wanting to help, but you held NO hearings to debate.  This is wrong.
Save lives. Say NO to GOP Repeal/Repeal & Replace. Choose people over Party. People voted U in & even in SD they can vote U out #johnThune
Republicans lack the capacity for empathy. That mental disorder is a pre-existing condition.


most of the citizens of this country do not want to lose their care! My care has never been better! STOP TO LISTEN!
WE HAVE VOTED IN A LEADER WHO HAS OUR VALUES BUT A CONGRESS THAT WON'T SUPPORT HIM >>SO NOTHING GETS DONE  DON'T FUND THE GOP WUSSIES SUCK
It isn't failing. Nobody sent you to do that. Maybe investigate our Unstable President for treason. Focus on that.
Not suffering here. Works pretty good for me!
I think you misunderstood since only 18% want you to do that. Or are you just talking about the 1% of the people?
As a Republican we sent you the Congress to fix healthcare. Not destroy it with his tax bill. Where is the solution? This healthcare stinks!
Now get it done
How about some regular order and work with your colleagues across the isle?  John McCain is a true republican leader...step it up
No. ALL the American people did NOT ask you to repeal and replace.
The Gop is Corporate Greed.. how about a living wage.
@GOP only works for super rich and Big Pharma.
No matter how you tweak it, CBO scores show #Trumpcare is a tax cut for billionaires and drug companies, and it's terrible for everyone else 

time too wake up @SenJohnThune
more lies...that's why thousands are protesting outside your offices Reps and you are refusing to meet w/ them!!
By now all of @realDonaldTrump policies should have begun to help #MAGA! Please get to work and by 2018 you will be true American heroes!
U mean 13% of people u evil minions?"Itwas an ugly day in the U.S. Senate, and there was nothing but ruin everywhere you looked" [Esquire]
No no no. Save lives.  Vote no on@RR@. It's not what we called for sacrificing the lives of MILLIONS
Replace with a bill that has a 17% approval rate.
#MedicareForAll #2018isComing Everyone deserves access to quality health care #LoveThyNeighbor Mark 12:31 Isiah 10:1-4
#MedicareForAll #2018isComing Everyone deserves access to quality health care #LoveThyNeighbor Mark 12:31 Isiah 10:1-4
We know you are lying, if you get to "repeal" there will be no "replace" you facists love to see people suffer while you profit from it.
Cowards, so afraid of our rejection of your fascist agenda that you must lie, naming every bill you create the exact opposite of its intent
Really? Who sent you? Read this and tell me what's failing
You had 7 years to prepare for this.  Why the heck is the GOP so unprepared for this?  This is pathetic and appalling that it isn't done
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/480446001/ …
So how do you get the children to grow up and get the job done?  Developing plans to oppose those who vote no in primaries.
I'm so incredibly disappointed in you.  You and the entire GOP have failed as human beings.
Then do it!  The republican establishment has to come to the conservative side!
You r all crooks!
Disagree
How about just repealing and forgetting about replacing.
It's only failing because companies aren't happy. Work for the people, nit the companies!
Repeal don't replace!!
Where is your humanity? Your basic decency? You bring shame on yourselves and the US. History will not be kind to you.
Your contempt for the lives of those you profess to care for reminds me of another who did my work. You too shall have 30 pieces of silver!!
Heartless and cruel
Obamacare was the best thing for millions of people vote no for repeal and replace -y not fixed what is wrong w it no repeal or replace
You are committing #AmericanGenocide by tailoring healthcare to favor the wealthy, insurance companies, big pharma. Represent all Americans!
https://youtu.be/RbfG_-jFDhQ  
#HealthcareIsNotARight - You will be remembered #Rhinos in 2018-2020. We the people haven't forgotten who you R! #VoteOutTheRhinos! #SFMFs

You are wrong so our people disability save ACA!
GOP do what TRUMP ask.repeal &replace..tax reform..WALL..or NXT election your FIRED
Do you really believe that "We the People" want to go backwards to NO Health Care? Why is this so hard for all of you to understand? WHY?
Not remove so many from health care for tax breaks for few and money to insurance companies Bill out of back room but now in dark of night
More than half of American adults support the ACA. Vote No on repeal/replace!!
You were send to Washington to work for #WeThePeople. #Lawmarkers should lose their Government Health Care!!!

AARP is disheartened that a majority of Senators voted to move forward on a bill that would devastate millions of Americans.
I am a physician this healthcare bill is a sham sacrificing lives for money shame on you
No, the people sent you there to lower premiums & get patients better coverage. That was the promise. Not blow up the health care industry.
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace 

Get Government OUT of healthcare
With those egg sucking smiles you stand in front of the cameras pissing on our boots & telling us it's raining...2018 can't come soon enough
Complete the work?  Y'all ain't done squat in the 2681 days you've had...y'all need to start the work, cancel the vote, & get better ideas
Replace Mur-cow-ski and susan co-lapse. Both are disgraceful. Sara can win Alaska!  Surely someone can beat co-lapse in Maine!
#ADAPTandRESIST
https://youtu.be/eSJ17IVSY0g  

Trump is unstable 25th amendment IMPEACH Trump.  Trump is unstable 25th amendment IMPEACH Trump
Spineless and self-dealing cowards and accessories 2 kleptocracy,authoritarianism & treason. History will rightly judge you ALL harshly!
American people didn't The Republicans want the American people not to have healthcare millions won't have Medicaid
Hopefully that THOUGHT didn't just come to you!! Get some F'ing work done..WE won't blame Trump, WE WILL BLAME LAME DUCK DO NOTHINGS
You are ignoring that just 17%suplort a repeal. HOW IS THAT A MANDATE?
INSURANCE COMPANIES RAISE RATES ON ALL, NOT JUST OBAMACARE!  PROB IS OBSCENE CEO PAY AND LOBBYISTS PADDING GOV. POCKETS! HEALTHCARE FOR ALL!
END OPIOD ADDICTION BY FORCING INSURANCE COMPANIES TO COVER SURGERIES DOCTORS CALL FOR!  INS. CO.  DENY MORE THEN THEY COVER! 
You put politics above the health of the American people.
Aren't you the same shitheads who brought us trickle-down?
Just wait until someone you care about gets sick. Tell them you "freed them from the tyranny" of healthcare.
Can you honestly state what exactly you will replace it with?  I have heard of nothing that will improve SD citizens health care.
This is a must
Repeal and Replace Obamacare or we the people will repeal and replace Senators! Standing still is not a option.
Gop have declared war on American people. We will not give up the battle until every gop.is out of office. Resist!
In 2 & 4 years the American people will vote to repeal & replace Republicans.  Too bad we have to wait so long.
We hold u personally responsible and will bring all who need help directly to u as they lose their healthcare.We expect u to personally help
It has been seven years of you guys complaining & doing nothing to come up with a replacement. What makes you think you are going to now.
Are you going to pay my premiums?  I pay for yours!  I will let you know how much of an increase I see, and we can discuss details later.
Clean Repeal No Bailout Able-bodied Medicaid Recipients should have to work in order to receive benefits.
Prove that your plan is better. Insist Congress enroll in the same healthcare plan their constituents get.
American people will send you packing
You're talking about 25% of the people that believe what you do. The other 75% of the people will not re elect you. Watch and See

What people exactly?
the rich ppl who will get tax cuts
SATAN'S GREEDY HELPERS & PUTIN'S PUPPETS!!!

its time that all of you remember who you work for...tour #deathcare bill will hurt vets, elderly, kids, working families..u will pay 4 that
Over 50% of Americans want to keep Obamacare.  Haven't you been listening? Or do $$ talk louder?
This "failing law" that insured millions, and which you've tried to sabotage from day 1? You are evil.
Full repeal and leave HC back in the free mkt place with competition the way it was before ACA. NO GOV'T RUN HC. DOESN'T WORK. EXAMPLE:VA!!
"Tell them the constituents remember.

Tell them Winter came for House (and Senate) GOP"

#saveACA #HealthCareVote #AmericanDisgrace
Rather than taking the good of the ACA and fixing the bad? Why, just because it is called "Obama"care? Enough with the politics!
that's why they named it obamacare in the first place to get rid off it easier...
Lies
Perhaps you should listen to @SenJohnMcCain's words once more. https://youtu.be/Nyy6SPmbqJo 
Come Election We The People will send you Back to where EVER you Deplorable, $ Grabbing charlatans came from. Say goodnight GOP
Why the GOP is so set on ignoring the wishes of their constituents & continue to support a criminal President is mind boggling
Have you checked lately? Many of your constituents DO hate Obamacare, but they like the ACA! Maybe just fix the broken parts?
Except it's not failing, it's doing better than expected despite the amount of sabotaging you've done!
Yes the republican party did a lot to sabotage the ACA. Playing with peoples lives. Soulless.
After 7 years of GOP propaganda, this bill is repealing more than ACA, it's weakening Medicaid and their is no replacement plan.
Sad day for residents of SD..u and Rounds both.  So when my health care doesn't cover my preexisting cancer, I will send u 2 the bill
well...12% of them anyway. You're less popular than Nickelback.
not sure whom these people are asking you do this - #oregon sure isn't and that's where I live. Stop please #ACA = American not partisan
11% uninsured today as opposed to 18% before #OabamaCare #ACA. Confirmed instance markets are stabilizing!  ACA is NOT failing!
You are not working for the people! We are clear on that! Only rich people and corporations are safe with TRUMP DEATH CARE! SHAME
Yes!  Make sure adults are treated like adults. No more 23 yr old adults on their parents plan!  No repeal if you keep it!
Peolple of American now know you don't care about them but only the rich and powerfully and not regular Americans
Only, now that people realize the ACA is ObamaCare, they don't want you to! Also, you promised less expense and no change to Medicaid.
Again the best congress can do is peace meal a health care plan republicans way of helping the nation better way or better idea
Disgusting vote from Senate Republicans. Absolutely disgraceful.
Can you look Jesus Christ and the guy knowing that you just sent to people to death
When the mob comes for you. Do no expect anyone to save you.
Bankrupting sick Americans and/or denying them healthcare is NOT what most Americans want.  Shame on you!
Americans do not want this. Wake up!
Just get it done! And do it well or start looking for unemployment ops.
NOT to Replace with so much WORSE! for Americans!
this is NOT what you were sent to do!
No..what TRUMP wants what MCCONNELL wants..do not inc us americans in ur excuses and deathcare bill!!!
It's time to stop lying to the American ppl. You are thieves stealing healthcare.
Better have something good up your sleeve cause you own this now!! You get to create the healthcare everyone hates! Let's see you do better!
