Thunes plan decreases coverage, raises deductibles and adds caps.
It's TRASH.  What did you expect?
I don't need lower premiums! I need to keep the care I have!
Repeal it.
Premiums will go down because people will not have insurance! 
Please be honest and say you do not care about poor people having health care
Your numbers come from a place that resembles an upside-down version of this...  (  *  )
FIX IT!!! ACA needs to be fixed and NOT sabotaged!
Amen 
So sorry to hear that! I will pray for your recovery.
Uh, did you read your own bill?
Asking for a friend - #America.
Caught your PBS interview. Glad your willing to invite Democrats to the table for revisions.Invite Klobuchar and Franken
Liers.
Coverage goes down as premiums go down. States can't afford the unfunded mandate to provide affordable care.
Do you even know what your saying
I don't trust you
You shouldnt. He's got a net worth of $9.8 million.  How much do you think he's worried about it?  Kentucky: the median income is $56,000
Nobody is stupid enough to believe you fellas! Just get rid of the mandate and defund it!
See2015Bill-PassedHouse,Senate&
Parliamentarian-@SenateMajLdr Lying-SayingThey'reLimited2
WhatThey'veRepealedOfACA
InSenBill
RyanWords
And btw. I am IN healthcare. How many of you white boys went to school for healthcare or policy related to it? None. You know NOTHING!
Agree. As a registered nurse, I am floored by the GOPs ability to ruin our system. GREED is power
Here's how many more people will die as a result.
THIS PUTS IS TRYING TO PUT A GOOD FACE ON SINGLE PAYOR.. IT MURDERS PEOPLE AT ASTOUNDING RATES/RATIONING. IT IS A COMMUNIST LIE BY EVIL PPL
It also confirms that 22 million people will be priced out of the market, including 15 million in the next year. #AHCAisIMMORAL An example:
Have you guys met Ethan?
Look my son in the eyes and tell him that he's fought so hard to be here but sorry, you're just not worth it anymore. I dare you. 
How about Riley? Riley isn't with us anymore, but his dad is sharing his story, bc the #AHCAKills people like him.
2/ First, please meet my son Riley. He was smart and funny and happy. He died at 11 years old in 2014 and I miss him so much. 
I so empathize,with you. I lost my son at age 25.  It's more than devastating - it's a life sentence of sorrow & trying to find ways to cope
Yes, the millions who can afford to have insurance and don't really worry about an increase in the costs of the premiums.

Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
http://kaiserf.am/2tSpiV8  
Listen to Ingraham n Fox today.  She is right!  Enough you pieces of dung, repeal Obamacare and leave working class America alone!
Obama care was "broken" because of the GOPs amendments. Own it. Fix it. VOTE NO on the AHCA.
COMMUNISM DOES NOT WORK... ACA WAS EVIL FROM ITS BEGINNING.
Sir, What about just repeal, that is what Americans want & close EPA, put at state level, cut IRS, Cut other govt org., & put $ in Medicaid.

huge tax breaks for rich achieves improved healthcare? whodathunk? No wonder you get paid well - your knowledge certainly is beyond my ken!
I definitely hope so not for me personally. but for my wife and those who were sucked in to Obamacare
My God have you totally lost it?
/ It also stops covering maternity care, disabled, single parents w/children. Stop blowing smoke!!!
When pigs fly and hell freezes over.  I wished politicians could speak the truth.
PLEASE fully repeal ACA death care....  Health Savings Accounts are THE answer.  BTW: medicare is not an entitlement...we were forced to pay
Medicare should be included in OUR HSAs.. something that WE OWN and control... govt cannot manage anything..... ALSO  ...
SOCIAL SECURITY SHOULD BE PHASED OUT AND PHASED INTO RSAs... Retirement Savings Accounts that WE OWN and manage... congress stole SS money
If I managed my own social security I would have $4,500.00 per month.. B/c congress mismanaged and stole it, SS only $1,300.00 not enough
We will make sure know one will forget that you voted for trump's death sentence so you could give billionaires a tax cut. Pro life my ass.
BS, this bill will cause the death of 26000 people annually. You are not only misinforming the public, you are becoming the murderer
Thune, do you want to be known as a baby killer and murderer of the elderly and disabled? Bear that in mind if you vote for trumpcare.
The best compromise is to FIX the ACA. That's what Americans want.  NOT tax cuts for the WEALTHY. Not a bill that passes with 50 votes!
Only After 22+ million will lose their insurance and millions of working americans will have their insurance rendered useless.
Removing employer mandate and Medicaid expansion simultaneously = bad idea
#mitchmcconell Heard your press conf.  Shame on you! You only care about getting 50 votes, not better healthcare. LISTEN to American people!
Yep. Premiums are pretty low when you're kicked off your insurance
working families will be hurt with rump! Oh trump! The GOP want to hurt! Now trump will buy off republican's
lowering premiums because the coverage will b awful! Are you trying to pull the wool over our eyes!

Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
http://kaiserf.am/2tSpiV8  
Lies! The talking point is ACA is failing. The truth is GOP is destroying it. Putting money before our lives. WWJD? #marked4deathbyGOP
Lowers the rates?  ACA may have doubled, but YOUR plan QUADRUPLES MY PREMIUM. NO THANKS! #VoteNoBCRA - McConnell just lied! Dems WILL chat!
This statement by Thune is an absolute lie. South Dakota what the hell are you doing voting for this elite? Start studying anywhere but FOX.
. WHY can't our Hlthcare be done like a business?! Group Hlthcare? Amers are employees & we pay % Fed/State is employer & pays % of premiums
... AND UNINSURING 20 Million Americans.  What about that>?  #TrumpCareKills
You keep perpetuating a lie: Obamacare is being sabotaged it is not failing. Fix Obamacare. It's what the American people want.
Hey pal, I will help you pass this bill if you sign up and give up your Cadillac insurance for Volkswagen so how about a trump care for you?
You sir are a total liar and we all know it this Healthcare bill is a killer ! ....stop lieing to us  !
Sir,the ONLY RECIPIENTS from AHCA  affects on MENTAL HEALTH&ADDICT clients will b SD, AK,AR,AZ,FL,GA,ME,MO,MS,NC,OH,WV PRIVATE&STATE PRISONS
LIAR...nothing but Republican BS
Lie!!
Hahahahah-premiums go down because things like physicals no longer have to be covered. You are going to murder Americans with this bill
Heard you're postponing the vote. BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! #HealthCareBill #GOPFail  #SaveTheACA #MedicaidMatters
And taking away insurance from millions more . . . and bankrupting the poor, sick, and seniors. #FAIL
HOGWASH
By creating a low risk pool after the sick, elderly, and frail are priced out? Seems like a cruel way to lower premiums.
LIAR
What a CROCK! That is NOT comparing similar insurance policies! Citizens care about REAL OUT OF POCKET COSTS that go WAY up, insurers make $
This a lie. unless you are saying, the millions that will die because they have no coverage, won't pay premiums once they're dead?
Dear John Thune & Senate Republicans,
GOP=Greed Over People
#CBOReport #HealthcareBill
Cc: @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/06/26/the-cbo-confirms-senate-republicans-health-care-bill-is-a-turkey/?utm_term=.a96d83f16cdb …
What soulless people. Money, money, money.  No regard for people.  I'm not saying eat the rich, I'm saying let's move society forward.
Guess what else will lower premiums,COMPETITION!
How premiums to be lowered? Taxpayer funds being used to keep companies afloat, increasing our debt? Bankruptcy? @cspanwj @FoxBusiness @GOP
liar
Let's get this done! Get the party to get in line
Shame on you
It confirms that 22 million people will be wo coverage & people will have to spend more out of pocket but not to worry the rich get more $
According to your post, @SenJohnThune confirms it based on his interpretation, not the @USCBO. Let's see the verbiage from the report.
you will never be reelected, your not looking out for all Americans
Watching you on @CNN the callous audacity of the lies you are spinning is breathtaking. That you were elected to serve Americans a travesty.
What a lie We saw the report. It's terrible. Some of us CARE about our fellow Americans. Obviously you don't
LOL! NOBODY is this stupid! Oh WAIT! Repugs are!
Your statement is totally false. Premiums will increase; 15 million people will lose ins. next January.
Of course because 29 million will lose ins.
It also confirms that premiums will skyrocket, quality will go down for millions more. #AHCA #AHCAKills
I was always taught if your given a shit sandwhich to swallow fast and GOP understands that too Slayers of poor and Middle class!!
I realize you can't do math but if over 50 u guarantee our premiums go up 67% 5X versus 3x please no alternative facts it's math

$541 billion in tax cuts for wealthy families, pharmaceutical companies, health insurers medical device manufacturers  per CBO. Hmmm
If I did math right then GOP plan equates each American with $24590 dollars. 541 billion in their pockets for 22 million Americans  SAD!!
#DotheRightThing There's so many $$'s that can be Saved IF U Ensure Rich Pay Their Fair Share Without Gouging the Poor & Middle Class
This plan raises the premiums on elderly. Do you feel bad that it happens to be your most loyal voters that you are pushing to bankruptcy?
Because you should. All the gerrymandering in the world won't bring back voters from graves. Next generation isn't your base.
This is an out and out lie
And we get less coverage or no coverage.  More denial of claims...and more profits for insurance companies.  There is alway a catch
Republicans are in collusion with ins co CEOS to cut Medicaid and charge AMERICANS more for ins AND kick 22 mil off healthcare. COLLUSION!!!
OMG! Liars! Read the whole report & u will c how bad it is. Your press release is propaganda directed at ur faithful misguided followers.
You lie! #ACA VS #trumpdontcare
That is a stretch of an interpretation. It will not pan out, but once you lose the house and senate we can get single payer. #Trumpcare
Um...keep reading. Also says that 22 million of us will lose our care. This is not a solution.
Lies, lies, & more lies! Most of you Rep. Sen. are scum. This is not a health care bill, it's a transfer of wealth to the wealthy
An inhumane act to:
1. We overturned an Obama act
2. Give massive tax cuts to the wealthy
For mothers, the poor, the elderly: sorry
Not what anybody with a brain sees
Lower prices but for Less coverage. Makes a less healthy, poorer, less mobile workforce & hurts doctors too.
Pay less, get less.
I read the report, and hope others do.  If you want insurance that covers almost nothing, it's cheaper!
#fakenews
You do understand that you pay less because you get less, right? Like no addiction and mental health care. Hard won parity out the window.
Right, lower premiums, but get less coverage and worst care. Kick 22 million off insurance. Dems have Bill proposals to fix ACA.
no it won't it will RAISE them! Stop Lying we are able to read the bill and what the CBO said about it. #LiarLiar
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
#FullRepealACA
You obviously didn't read the report. It tore the bill into shreds. The only reason it wasn't worse is that they only looked at 1st 10 yrs.
And hurt the elderly and children and the middle class! This bill is evil! Tax cuts for rich!  You are just another greedy politician.
You mean millions of Americans will be pushed off of health care!
That is pure Bullshit! Quit lying to the people!
Sure, if you get less care & higher deductible. We can do that now, without giving millions in tax breaks to you and your cronies.
15 million people lose their coverage next year, 22 million by 2026. It also says that.  Many of those 22 million will die as a result.
30% isn't enough
You disgust me putting politics before people. So immoral.
Don't worry, it's just the most vulnerable among us that will die so this money can be saved and given to the rich! 
This bill is beyond heartless. The AMA is even against it! Your bill is pure selfishness and Evil
You have great insurance at the tax payer expense but you want to give the people garbage.
Honesty is clearly not the greatest strength of your party.  The same doc conclusion calls for higher costs beyond premium payments.
I want you who vote for this HC to drop what insurance you have and choose this HC.  If it is the truth, the answer, you guys choose it!
#FAKENEWS
WTH @SenateGOP you are using a quote from one of your own, not the actual CBO report. How about try again with facts. #stopmisleadingtheUSA
And why must you have a bill just because you lied and said you would. This is no game. DO IT RIGHT!!! We deserve the best not a rush job.
It's true. Dead people are cheaper to insure. #Trumpcare
And btw. Single payer is the ONLY way to make it actually work. No money grubbing insurance plans to use the money for the CEO.
Today's CBO report confirms that anyone supported by Medicaid will be significantly and negatively impacted by GOP bill. Seniors suffer.
You can also lower the price of a new car by removing the engine. This bill is a joke that is not funny.
Great analogy
Actually no. It does not. Why are you LYING to get this through. You will not be reelected if it passes because folks will be dying.
22 million uninsured and @GOP could care this, Our democracy is in tatters
You LIARS it will NOT!!! Cheap coverage =High Deductibles which = NO Coverage! And anyone who is sick won't be able to afford coverage!
This is cynical garbage. You know you are gutting healthcare. Appalling. Dumping granny out of her nursing home bed.
How about the 22 million who will lose their coverage.  Or those on Medicaid who lose their supports.  #SAVEMEDICAID
The premium for no health insurance is certainly lower than the premium for having it. It's not too late to stop this.
Really?? What's the rush. Let's talk about this, shall we?
Why do you people keep liking, is this the real effect of a trump presidency
GOP the party of liars, greed over people party. Shameful
That isn't the CBO report. It's the republican report.
And become unaffordable for millions more, making this a failing solution. You going to turn those people away at the ER? No, so who pays?
Soon?! It goes up 20% next year! Stop lying about this terrible bill!
GOP = traitors to the USA! 
Bait and switch!
So what?  With policies and higher deductibles this is not better than the #ACA. Tell the truth #Wealthcare
So, it's also correct that 23 million Americans will lose insurance as well, then?
and 22 million will lose their health care. go back to the drawing board. how about working with the Dems to fix problems with ACA?
Cover fewer, cover less, raise deductibles, give big tax breaks to the rich. The people get screwed and the point one percent win again Nice
Unless you're older, or rural....
CBO gives you an apple and you insist on calling it an orange. That's OK, we can tell the difference.
Get it done!
While it strips coverage from millions of Americans who need help! Just to fund tax cuts for the wealthy. Have you no shame?
Yeah for young ppl w out healthcare needs
But not disabled, elderly, poor, or disabled.
That is a bald-faced lie.

How do you even sleep at night?
MURDERERS!! LIARS!!! MURDERERS!!
First, lets save health care in America. Next, deal with the particulars. Yes, reduce the burden that was paced on grandchildren by BOcare.
I would prefer your plan Senator.  Oh, and I'm happy to pay what you do as well!  You see, I'm a woman. I need more things covered.  Deal?
