I purchase healthcare through the ACA and without it I cannot survive. Why would you keep me from having it.
I hope you read the bill before you sign it.  Get off the Obamacare is bad train and just get your bill right for the poor, young & elderly
ACA behind close doors hypocrisy at its best, instead of f us over filter that president u brought in what a joke IOWA  campaign talks
You seem to think you're so slick.  Better make sure you're on the side of good, by your works, it looks pretty evil.
Awesome bill, John. Tax cuts for the wealthy, more hurt for the non-wealthy. Biz as usual for you on The Hill.
Do Medicare recipients pay more with this bill?
#Why no women or Dems allowed in your secret healthcare meetings#You are just another McConnell follower#Hurt Americas 99%
Why can't u fix it and wtf why do this rich get richer stop lovin the green swamp monster come out and think your not robin hood
healthcare bill is a disaster for SD and for poor Americans that can't afford healthcare. It is a HUGE tax cut for the rich. that's it
Exactly what damage has ACA caused for the millions who use it?
South Dakota deserves more transparency and honesty than what we're getting with this bill. Can you help with that?
well the only way to do that is #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll everyone is on the same plan including political sociopaths like @SpeakerRyan
well they do need the mental help.
I have fantastic healthcare with @AveraHealth through the ACA. Would you please at least look at mine to see coverage that works.
My ACA and my 21 yr daughter works fantastic in SC. They are lying lying lying. PP hood helps so many girls w) care. Sickening
This is the problem with liberals. All about them. ACA was failing everywhere. Couldn't sustain cost. Companies dropping out.
ThuneGoon  u are a Shill for stupidity.. lucky ur voters are so lo info! lol SAd WEALTHCARE$$$ you go girl
my disability
Hahaha you left out one part your people thank you we will remember 2018! The children the vets the disabled our elderly
hang up when I called in shock all I asked is what about the long term Disiability and vets,elder, children maybe yours, do u care
Your ACA revision will cut 14 million people off Includes
1 of 3 SD children, 50% of nursing home patients, 40% of disabled. Correct?
it will only put about 50,000 SD people out of health care.  So what?
1/2 You tweeted "After vowing to lead the most open, transparent govt in history, Dems have negotiated health reform behind closed doors"
Please help me understand, Senator, if this is truly for all Americans, why has everyone but Republican leaders been shut out of process?
Democrats snuck it in during the early morning hours after 70% of Americans said they didn't want it. Why should they be brought back?
Not true. ACA was debated for over a year. There were 100+ townhalls. Over 40 hearings. GOP was involved the whole time & bailed at the end.
Why were there only men allowed to work on writing this bill in Secret???????
U should never lie u are not saving anyone stop it will not work for the majority of South Dakota and you know it! Liar

Why didn't you include Rand Paul and others to contribute their ideas?  Seems Sen. Paul had great ideas about free market plan.
2/2 on October 27, 2009. The secrecy you and your fellow collaborators work under is unconscionable. You shame SD every day you serve.
I am counting on you Sen Thune. You & I were on THE SAME PAGE in 2007. Please get it done!
Except for 23 million Americans and who knows how much it will cost the middle class in addition to health care in taxes. You're wrong
Are these provisions in the #HealthcareBill ?
1) #SinglePayer = negotiate rates from position of strength 2) if not, public option at least 3) allow Gov't to negotiate #drugprices 
If it's so fabulous, then let us see it...let the process refine it. What is happening is wrong and you know it.
Since you are one of the privileged 13 deciders of tens of millions coverage and 1/6 of GDP, please share your plan.  In public #shame
So you have a cunning plan. Same as the AHCA, except less Medicaid for old people? Who will save us from you?
ACA was disaster for many Americans.Please come up with plan that lowers premiums, expands availability&choice and concentrates on Good are.
2018-remember....
And what happens when the uninsured need emergency care or long term impatient stays? Unpaid bills drives us the cost of care for all
Are the R's still aiming at 23 million more uninsured by 2026 re: CBO?
We love our ACA coverage! Unless you're considering the Single Payer option, keep your hands off my family's insurance! #taxbreakfortherich
Unless it's single payer, I'm not interested your incessant story tellingp. The fact that you won't listen or collaborate is despicable!
Can you tell us specifically? We're all waiting.
Why can't we just go back to the way it was.  If u want u can pay for it .  A lot of people don't like the whole industry medical, insurance
The DAMAGE was caused by the GOP undermining and undercutting the #ACA.

What damage are you talking about?  Why is every time you open your mouth, shit comes out?
Rushing a garbage plan that even your leader calls "mean" behind closed doors is evil.
Only great evil is done in secret
Like ObamaCare?
It won't work for South Dakota. Can't wait for 2018
Said Americans will be reacting strongly tomorrow. Hope you're right!
So you mean you will be proposing a bill for univ. health care? @realDonaldTrump has been on record 6 times saying it's the best #believeme
This will be my senator in a few weeks. See ya Sen. Schumer.
I'm sure NY will be SAD to see u go!
So how about holding hearings and debates on the bill yes? Like the Dems did?
By drafting a bill in secrecy and not subjecting it to hearings or debate? #antidemocratic
Then debate your TrumpCare plan in an open, public setting. Stop hiding behind closed doors in an attempt to rush a vote through.
If he wants an example of the kind of mess that closed doors get you into...just look at Theresa May in the UK...lost a 20% lead in weeks!
why does no one want to work on reducing the actual delivery cost of health care? Fix the root cause 1st
If it is so grand and will work for all, then why are they not allowing anyone to see what is in it? 
You are destroying health care and Medicare for millions of middle-class families.
The GOP health bill isn’t just about Obamacare. It changes Medicaid forever. Here’s who Medicaid covers. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/upshot/gop-health-plan-is-really-a-rollback-of-medicaid.html?_r=1 … @haeyoun 
Don't vote on a bill that no one knows what is in it! When it is held in secrecy that is a huge red flag! Protect us!
Didn't Pelosi say we must pass it to see what's in it. Left if way too hypocritical
.@SenJohnThune operate our government openly. Are you a fascist? Shamefully unamerican @Biolau grad. #countrybeforeparty #Jesusbeforeparty
Liar! U will be held personally responsible for every death caused by trumpcare. May these deaths haunt u for life. Greed over life? Unfit!
Isn't wanting something for nothing or from others, greed too? Weird
Going to wave the bs flag one that remark
You realize that didn't work for millions of Americans, right?
You realize ACA didn't work for millions more, right?
By all Americans do you mean wealthy Americans?
Why would the rich pay more for healthcare? What an idiotic comment.
It saves them by taking away all coverage.
You guys have had over 5 years to educate yourselves on healthcare, what did you do with all that time?
Will there be annual & lifetime caps?What abt essential benefits? What will the impact be on those like myself with pre-existing conditions?
Don't you love that you have to ask these questions rather than have a plethora of options in a free market? Nationalized health = bad 4 you
I worked in the insurance industry prior to the ACA. Denials, retro-active cancellations, exclusions & upratings for pre-existing conditions
plus penalties for lapse in coverage. Many more uninsured or underinsured causing increased dr & hospital costs & prem. incr. People forgot.
That's good to know? Who's suggesting we simply go back to post ACA? I know many on the right who want reform on top of repeal.
Which is why it being written in secret and will read like a lobbyist wish list when we finally see the dann thing 

GOP HC kills Americans
what's that going to look like Senator?
Take your time. I love paying these premiums. #HurryUpImDyingHere
