PENCE PRESIDENT is BETTER for a UNITED States.  No more Trump insults, threats, racist comments.
This is what majority of Americans want to hear from our leaders!! #wevoted4trump #maga
Fact: The majority of Americans voted for the other candidate.
Should I have put the electoral vote? I didn't realize I was being tested #trump2020 #obamawasajoke #downwithocare #work4urmoney #vetsmatter
You did say "majority of Americans" rather than "majority of the electoral college". If Vets matter, why did you vote for the draft dodger?
I voted for him because I thought he was going to make a difference. From what I see he's doing fantastic. As a vet and an independent voter
You still have yet to name one way in which Trump is making a difference. I'll wait...
The ban on lobbying, defund sanctuary cities, tpp, economic confidence, isis, Moab, pipelines, illegal immigration, wall, judge gorsuch
Immigration was dropping under Obama. The economy was trending upward under Obama. The pipelines head OUT of the U.S. kiddo.
Lyin'Ryan's true reason for HUGE  PERMANENT TAX CUTS for wealthy is to FORCE CUTS TO SOCIAL SECUIRTY & MEDICARE when Fed gov can't pay bills
Hold Corporations accountable; no boondoggle actual jobs; actual wage increases.  Trick down economics and tax reform does not work. #kansas

The middle class wants TAX CUTS and welfare reform!
You are doing many good things. Please be willing to extend Christian compassion to immigrants who are non criminals hardworking neighbors.
What are you going to do about all the unhappy families if @POTUS has his way and unwinds DACA? Will you break promises made to 800,000?
Please tell me how this is not trickle down economics. This sounds like a tax cut for the wealthy.
Why did republicans oppose funding for other hurricane damage??
Thank you, that seems all too logical.
Work with him??  IMPEACH HIM!!!  And stop lying about "tax reform" when yo mean tax cuts for yourself and other wealthy people.
Yes, it will be interesting to see what/who the actual proposal benefits.
Trust us senator. If you an the other incompetent republicans. Don't pass a huge tax cut plan.  Well. You an rounds will be done. Fired.
He has NO TAX REFORM!! He has an empty head and lies continually. Getting a jump on the brown nosing eh John? 
Let's think about the dynamics necessary to move paper valuation in Interstate Commerce and Banking into local business and banking.
Lies!
Already failed.
we need to see his tax returns now!
lowering tax to l5% for corps./rich people helps Trump's friends not yr avg American. Say no.
Wise up Rise up Stand up for the American people. Stand up with President Trump
What are you all personally doing to help Texas?  Just taxpayers money?  Everyone else donating but dont see the policitans bustin a move.
Republicans lost their souls when they let abortions become OK. And IRS attacks on conservatives OK, and trans BS to children OK, and  ... .
Please Support our President you all should be! White is fine the way God made us. Stop removing  white! Red and yellow, black AND white.
Are you joking?
America and Mexico are not paying for no F-ING WALL. Let the Chump Trump pay for it!

America has BIGGER PRIORITIES like disaster relief!
"LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" 
"LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" "LOCK HIM UP!" 

Hahahahahahahaha!!!!










A military veteran is being deported in Arizona, despite evidence and a court ruling that he is a US citizen.  http://www.tucsonsentinel.com/local/report/082517_marine_deportation/decorated-marine-vet-may-deported-despite-likely-us-citizenship/ … 
If these are your true goals, then I wish you great luck, Senator!! And please, tell other legislators to help ALL Americans!
Tell us the story of trickle-down economics again!
Growth in your lobbyist and corporate friend's paychecks.
You mean time for more tax breaks for your donors, while denying healthcare for Americans?
And for himself and his family.
You should be looking forward to impeaching @POTUS who is odds on favorite to be worst POTUS  in history.
We The People want it too. Hope congressional RINOs don't betray us again like on Obamacare; & we want the BORDER WALL funded w/ NO AMNESTY.
Liar. U look forward to bending over the middle class. Never understand why poor people vote for you all.
Repeal the biggest tax of all, Obamacare
Be a leader and guide the party in the right direction, there are several old establishment that need to retire, replace them.
Not gonna happen. Too much twisting of facts and excessive drama and theatrics from this POTUS.
Reducing worker misclassification will balance the federal govt with no new taxes.  1099 v W2 means 7.25% withholding per dollar.
finding a way to reduce my medical cost would be a much greater accomplishment than tax reform. and would save me more money
Tax reform is not tax cuts for the rich! And what you are "planning" does not lead to hire wages or job growth stop lying.
Just like on health care ? @GOP #Rinos have no intention of working w/ @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
This economic belief system has been debunked so many times. Trickle down? The dam release is controlled by people who live upstream.
Really another koolaid drinker
If you think corporations are going to do anything but pocket thoses taxes, then you are naive.
need to work out the problems he has created for our environment, corp accountability and public education.  That would be a good start.
You're really proud of @realDonaldTrump aren't you. Even after all he's done to destroy democracy in the US. #ShameOnYouGOP #PutinPuppet
How about health care? Menendez is out so I think the vote might make it!
So much crying and butt-hurt in these comments. You lost Libs, you don't get to make the rules. In the future, find better candidates
Trolls be trolling
More tax cuts for big business and the 1%ers.  I am a 1%er and I don't need a tax cut nor will your plan incent us to hire more people.
Trickle down doesn't work. "Job creators" don't spend on jobs they spend on their own bonus. The real economy needs this not big business.
Trump issys big middle class cuts. It's the gutless republicans. Thune McConnell who will screw it up. We will fire thune an rounds if not

You're so naive you believe Chump who hasn't paid income taxes in 19 years is going to give tax relief for hard-working Americans.
He knows that. Republicans agree that tax cuts for themselves and other wealthy people are needed.


Wrong! Social security was not taxed until 1993, that would be the serial rapist
You should feel overwhelming shame rifht now. But you don't.
You guys hate higher wages cuz it cuts into your contributor's profits.  Then they can give you as much money as they could.
@SenateGOP @POTUS  $$ from hardworking Americans to redistribute it to the 1%. NO TAX CUTS! We have a historic disaster 2 PAY4
@SenateGOP @POTUS  Shame on you! You are lying. Pro growth is a talking point for scamming Americans w TRICKLE DOWN. Stealing
That's an oxymoron
@TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP demand the #CBO calculate if #USbudget will be balanced if  #CorporateExemptions were #eliminated
Calling Grassley is so about the pee pee tapes. Trump doesn't want Fusion testimony released. Obstruct of justice?
Somebody better start working with him.
I hope it goes better than your health care plan
Your as greedy as he is or as stupid. Your tax reform will only benefit the wealthy
Hold a town hall!!! We're still waiting
More $ for CEO s u mean right?
More TAX BREAKS For THE RICH, it's what everyone wants, good to see you guys working hard to provide MORE TAX BREAKS FOR RICH!!  Thank God!!
So giving billionaires a tx break is good taxing to death the everyday man is good too. Shame on you
No it won't, it'll only help you and your rich donors while hurting the middle class and poor who are the true hard-working Americans! #liar
Don't you have anything better to say
than cry about rich American's who worked there butt off to be there. Lazy ass, work for a living
Heard you're planning on taxing 401k contributions so your rich buddies can get a tax cut.
I have no doubt that some one-percenters work hard, but they don't need tax relief. @MikeCrapo @SenatorRisch #idpol #TaxReform
Focus needs to be on Houston & the other communities suffering from Hurricane Harvey. No one cares abt tax cuts for the wealthy right now.
Liar
Well see with results not just talk
The trickle down affect again.?..been there done that... Doesn't work!
We all know that "pro growth" is code for giveaways to billionaires.
In the top 1%.  Fixed that for you.
Tax cuts cannot create jobs or raise wages: they simply enrich the rich.

Demand spurred by disposable income is the only thing that works.
Please get senate working please no more excuses work for the country not selves!
http://www.businessinsider.com/missouri-governor-lowers-minimum-wage-2017-7 …

States are the minimum wages as you preach this rubbish. Your plan is  corporate welfare & taxes 4 middle class
You're just another self-serving opportunist & will likely go down with the Trumptanic.
Is this the cut corporate taxes and the  trickles down kinda deal? Are your knees sore yet senator?
Buddy, "tricke down" that Ronny tried by lowering taxes on rich served only to baloon our deficit and shaft working people!
Shameful this president is mentally unstable and unfit to serve! No tax cuts for the rich! No wall! #ImpeachTrumpNow! #americahasspoken!
sir, your thoughts on lowering taxes, funding Houston recovery. border wall and increased Defense budget
No one want a wall or tax cuts for the rich! #impeachtrumpnow!
Kochs really on your as* about tax reform?  Guess they don't care about the victims of Harvey either.

Get senators Flimsey Graham and John McNutts on board
#NotOnePenny
To be clear, hard working doesn't describe the rich f*cks you're trying to help get richer.
Rigged economies aren't fixed by giving tax breaks to the corps that rigged it.
Really-Prove It
Waiting for both houses of congress to come up with a timetable for this. Should be easy to get 100% Republican support behind #TaxReform

FairTax!
A tax break for the rich and f#ck the rest of the people. That's the @GOP way.
And yet not one word about how he actively devalues our country. Such a shame.
Tax cuts DO NOT create jobs. Ask Bush. Ask Reagan. Massive debt. Growing unemployment.  Current trend in US unemployment is STRONG!
And allow me to point out that the trend line began quite some time back - WAY before Trump...
Cringe! Padding the pockets of the wealthy does not equate to more jobs, and higher wages for hard working Americans.
No capital gains tax for seniors!
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4544001/donald-trump-1991-house-hearing-us-economic-recovery-depression-vs-recession …
More jobs does not guarantee higher wages. Cutting taxes for rich puts more in their pockets not workers
Your support for empty suit @realDonaldTrump is noted and scorned.
I've lost faith that the GOP will ever do anything that doesn't benefit the rich, burden the middle class, and punish the poor.
#Suck-up #TrumpPuppet
You tax reform wont lead to any of those things, you are a liar sir
I look forward to making sure this plan is scrapped. Millionaires don't need a $250K break and 70% of the middle class doesn't need a hike.
If only the remaining Congress will come out from hiding We the People may finally feel they earned their exorbitant tax paycheck. You think
You should be working on impeachment. A shame that you sold out.
Why Hillary lost?
Nothing for poor and middle class. Just for millionaires! Shame!
Then you are surely NOT going to support what he outlined today?!
Stop the #MIDDLECLASSCON
More benefits for the 1%. 
GOP salivating at the prospects!
And you have a straight face whilst saying this?
This senator could be a good majority
leader if he would give the effort.
Focus on the flood victims...not tax cuts for the wealthy...dont fema and first responder
And taxing the money we put in our retirement funds?  Gee, thanks
Nope nope nope.. Until we see how this benefits Trump
 #SameOldLies
Not @chuckschumer Not Nancy Pelosi or any other Democrat. They promised us middle class tax reform for decades and did nothing.
NO. It's #Time4Transparency. ALL politicians must show their tax returns & donors since they first ran for office. THEN reform can happen.
.?
Entertainment line is on CNN not Twitter. If turned down try MSNBC they provide thrills up your leg. 
@POTUS is my President and he #MAGA!
Do hope the end product fixes the Corp rate and incentives welfare recipients into working
Bull, Ignoring the deficit guys?  Asking the middle class to carry the load? Your anti-American! Pro-donor crooks!
I see your confusion but the 1% really made money under Obama u see people have to suffer so they vote for handouts
Be more appropriate to work on this. America first, Russian oil $ much further down the list.
Higher wages will come with immigration reform
Great tweet. Thank god ur working today n tax reform, not some trivial matter like ...Houston #wehaveaproblem
If it's anything like past @GOP attempts, we'll pass; & you guys wonder why we don't trust you - CC: @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @RepBrianFitz
Who you fooling?You guys in GOP are going to torpedo #taxreform just like you did #Obamacarerepeal GOP IS DONE dead to most conservatives
It will only benefit top earners. It raises taxes on the poor and part time workers by 3% AND leaves those sweet tax breaks. @TPM @msnbc
Official Who! Impersonating an official gives you no voice unless you can provide solid evidence. Solid, tested, provable You have the floor
