
Do you oppose #VoterSuppression?
How about #VoterIntimidation?
If you oppose the furtherance of #WhiteSupremacy, support  #VotingRightsAct
A Citizens right to express there views publicly must be protected the use of violence to suppress any ones speech should be the concern
Supremist ideology is flawed at its very core hate of others is wrong let alone when is based on such superficial standards.
Let the ignorant speak. The violence the fascist like ideology left right or the fringe must be condemned. Suppression is there cause
Who's actions? I hope you mean both sides. Stand WITH @POTUS Decry hate in all it's forms.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/08/05/senate-stays-in-pro-forma-session-blocking-trump-recess-appointments-as-lawmakers-leave-dc/ …
You sir, are a great disappointment to our party and i can not wait to see you voted out!
Specifically blm and antifa.
Great statement but you Pres., gives wink and nod.
After Trump's remarks yesterday, if you don't condemn his remarks everything you say regarding this will be meaningless. Country over party!
I'll see your condemnation and raise you a take action.
I see we are both on twitter this morning. In total shock and disbelief.
P.S. Colbert's writers did a rewrite in about 45 minutes after the remarks-great monologue is result:
I'll watch now. Thanks!

Aaaaaand... "Poll: Mitch McConnell's Kentucky Approval Rating Plummets to 18 Percent" http://bit.ly/2xlEScA 
SAY IT WITH ME FOLKS
RADICAL
CHRISTIAN
WHITE SUPREMACIST
TERRORISM
says the confederate turtle...  [there is no confederate flag emoji]
Agreed. Immigration agreement also possible. Let's extend Christian compassion to immigrants who are non criminals hardworking neighbors.
Add Antifa into that group.
UR BASE-U catered 2 Alt Right Nazi Unite the right in #Charlottesville & shook hands W/STEVE BANNON GORKA! ploughed in2 counter protesters
Really?
You wholeheartedly ENABLED this shit Senator.
This is a direct result of the abomination @realDonaldTrump We need to remove Trump from office Impeach or 25th amendment
OH, do please SAVE IT. THIS *IS* THE GOP NOW. ALL REASONABLE PPL KNOW IT. YOU, YOUR PARTY, YOU OWN THIS. ALL OF IT. CONGRATS.
WHOSE ACTIONS?  THE ANTIFA PROTESTORS BUSED IN TO CAUSE TROUBLE?  NO - ULL BLAME THE WHITE GUYS - WHO SAID THEY WERE SUPREMISTS? GOV PROP.
Ryan and McConnell denounced 'bigotry.' Trump and Melania 'claimed' to denounce violence, but did not denounce bigotry.
Then propose a domestic terrorism bill against the overt attacks on Jews, people of color,  all Americans, or your words are empty.
You lead the HATE! SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME, you caused this hatred! SHAME SHAME SHAME
You need to resign
McConnell might be a tool, but he had nothing to do with what happened today! Stop the hate already!
Change needs to begin in the Trump Administration.  Get rid of Steve Bannon.
Hey Mitch, a lunatic is at the helm. Did you notice? Are you going to do anything about it?
while your wife looked adoringly at Trump this afternoon, the fact that you've said nothing about Trump's remarks is telling#sickening
if you do not address Trump directly, you sir are a racist
THIS WAS A FALSE FLAG! We know agitators were among the crowd. And we know this mayor had beforehand knowledge. The helicopter saw too much.
Unless & until you specifically call out the #KKK, #WhiteSupremacists & #Nazis, your words are entirely meaningless.
The hate and bigotry witnessed in #Charlottesville does not reflect American values. I wholeheartedly oppose their actions.
Get rid of the Neo Nazis in the WH!  Trump, Bannon, Gorka, Sessions, the whole lot of them!  They are responsible for this shit!
You spoke vehemently about using the name of evil

Talk about the Neo Nazi movement calling themselves "Alt-Right"

Do it you coward
Too bad you can't identify who is enabling this behavior and empowering them! Maybe it's a plot by Obama or Hillary? #TrumpNazis

THEN START considering ALL Americans when you try passing legislation in secret and benefiting a few!
So what will you DO? Take action.
HAD ENOUGH?  Do you think Heather Heyer's mother cares that Trump owns a winery in her hometown where he daughter was killed?
No you don't.  You're part of what made it happen.
Liar. Everybody has exposed ur past & present. U R not fooling anyone.
the fascist left rioting again?
This is appalling. You all supported Trump, so you reap what you sow...
https://twitter.com/MarcusC22973194/status/896406287084388353 …
But I don't see you speaking out about the hate coming from the left. Not much of a leader are you. No words about BLM HATE
Fuck off, you racist turtle.
We need to have more Rallies about National Pride instead of Rallies about Race Pride. #Charlottesville #Unity
And the GOP loves to kvetch about D's "identity" politics. Ahem . . .
Well we all learn we are one nation under God. Might be good place to start.
Some of us do not want to be "under god." So, that is not the starting place. Separation of church and state.
Well hun one day I hope you don't regret those words.
Whose action? Sad that I have to ask.
WHOS? THE ONES LOOTING STORES AND BUSINESSES? OR THE ONES TRYING TO PROTECT HISTORIC MONUMENTS?
Impeach!
It reflects the @GOP's values perfectly. Y'all are even trying to protect the terrorist who ran into protesters today.
Whose actions?
Pretty sure he's talking about Nazis.
But that's the problem. Some GOP are talking about white supremacists and that's good. Some like Trump make it generic. They should be named

Mitch sold out to the Russians, to Turkey's Erdogan, he blocked Obama for no reason other than race (I suspect)... And now this?
Mitch is a racist...and beholden to Russia now, along w his wife.  I hope he sinks
Gorka (FFS), Bannon, Miller, Sessions? - Yep. You support this. The White House is the new Nazi Headquarters.
We the People truly want to know . . .Do you support Bannon, Gorka & Miller?  This is all so surreal, an entire party silent in face of hate
You left Sessions out.
You mean this sessions?
Yes. That Sessions.
The same sessions that launched a civil rights probe into the killing yesterday?
Are we suppose to be impressed? The same man who favors filling prisons up w/poor for joint? Same man who no longer protects voting rights?
I don't support his move on pot but that doesn't make him racist for doing it. He supports voter ID. So what? Minorities aren't dumb. They
Remember this?
You're really that dense aren't you? Your selective memory is laughable

salut.je sur un orferin.ni perer.ni merer et je veus aide.Merci pr me stm?
You got that right, sir! #Charlottesville tragedy doesn’t reflect American values;  it reflects 100% of Republican Party values.
You oppose whose actions Mitch? Whose values don't you like? White nationalists, supremacists, KKK or counter protesters who were attacked?
no sweetie it was and is always the democrats own it
Damn tired RW TPs. Dems owned its racist past. Republicans took over after 1964. 
This  sweetie.
Oh, and something I forgot. The racist faction of the Democratic party were the same RW conservatives that moved over time to the GOP.
then how do you explain no one democratic condemming antifa not only in Charlottesville  other cities for last 16 months
Please define Antifa. Because if it's Anti fascist...the opposite is pro Fascist. Are you Pro Fascist? Pro Nazi? Pro Racist?
im against all hate the antifa is hate!! they dont even know what facismpaid protesters.have a feeling you already know that
Then do your job and impeach our #BIGOTinCHIEF
You and your wife are putting money and power ahead of America.  Step up or get out.
What's this?
You worked tirelessly to elect TRUMP, #TheRacistInChief.  YOU OWN THIS AS MUCH AS TRUMP! #resign
Okay. Now why you've said nothing about your dear leader siding with nazis today??
We already heard from your wife yesterday that you both stand and support trump #nazi #WhiteSupremacist #TrumpRussia
Do you likewise oppose @realDonaldTrump 's support for White Nationalists?

What you think of the pressers today? Still going to support Trump? Is that who you want to align the Republican Party with?
But your president doesn't. What will it take for you to impeach this man?
Really?  Then impeach DT, remove Sessions, get rid of racist policies on a Congressional level & eliminate gerrymandering.
That and a quarter will get me a phone call. DO SOMETHING.
..."but I won't call the pres out by name.  I'm ok with that."
Coward
Where is your moral outrage for that speech from the crazy mad man in the lobby today. #shameful
Good to hear. How about the hate and bigotry of Donald Trump? Are you okay with that? He needs to go.
if only you had some values you would resign, if you had a job as a civilian you would of been fired.
Words are nice, but actions are what counts. So far you've turned a blind eye while @POTUS defends Nazis and legitimizes domestic terrorism
And what are you going to do about it Mitch? A tweet is not enough.
Way too late, Mitch.
You need to stand up, speak out for POTUS, you know he has denounced Duke, kkk, all racist! STAND UP FOR OUR PRESIDENT!!!
Call him by name, if you stand behind your words.He sided with Nazis and white supremacists.He is destroying democracy for fascism.
It reflects my values, which is what matters #POTUSTrump #MAGA #Bigly
Apparently it does bc you assholes are still letting him destroy our country! How could you? Have you no shame?
Weak weasel statement. Get behind our President who is NOT racist by any stretch.
Wrong, you endorsed and support a president that didn't call this out when he was campaigning! This is on you!
You should change your Twitter to "Loser McConnell.
The refusal to hold this POTUS accountable does not reflect American values. I wholeheartedly oppose you.
No you don't.
So what are you going to do about it?
You call yourself a leader...any comment about Mr. Unhinged?
And what about your party's president and his comments today??
Your wife stood right by the Pres today as he made white supremacists look like victims. You should both be ashamed!
are you going to continue to stand with Trumphe believes in white supremacy...watch who has his ear...
click on "news vice" above, scroll down and watch the 22-min doc
Sure Mitch
Do you oppose the President, too, for his words?  If so, say so.  If not, your words mean nothing.
Whose actions sirs?  Those on both sides as stated by the president? You must disavow DT's words. SHAME
You supported him for President knowing full well who he was. You don't get to take the moral high ground. You own this. #CleanUpYourMess
What about opposing @realDonaldTrump's behavior? It's deplorable. He doesn't deserve the office. He's 100% racist. No moral core whatsoever!
SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
I told everyone @POTUS slogan was Make America White again. No one believed me.
Put your power where your mouth is then. I mean, wouldn't you rather work with Pence? Please talk to Chuck about the Prez's presser today.
Hillary with her "mentor", grand wizard of the KKK. Once a KKK, always a KKK. Democrats created them, democrats own it.
It reflects GOP donors, voters & anti-American policies on civil rts/voting/prison reform. YOU ABS SUPPORT IT! DAMN !U LEGISLATE FOR IT!!
Fail! Too little too late!
Nazi views lead to hatred and violence and death. How is this OK? Some ACTUAL leader must take a stand. #anyonebuttrump
Do you agree with Trump?
You are a coward. Call out trump. Until you do your party is a party for nazis and terrorists. There is no such thing as alt-left
You own him
Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
We've had enough of 45! Please remove him! He's truly a danger to all we hold dear as Americans. Happen to catch him on TV just moments ago?
It is time to take action! #impeachtrumpNOW
Was it worth it? You sold the soul of the USA &  GOP for political power. Was it worth it? You must really hate Americans. URNo Patriot sir.
You seem content to continue to "make statements" regarding the inappropriate comments from Trump. But u never want to do anything about it.
Yet you support a racist, fascist, white supremacist President.  So it's hard to believe you on this....
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan YOU are either WITH HIM & HIS RACISM OR YOU ARE against HIM & RACISM. U Can't be both. PICK A LANE #ImpeachTrump
WHERE ARE YOUR VALUES TO OUR POTUS WHEN YOU TRY TO STAB HIM IN THE BACK??TRAITOR.SHAME ON YOU .STEP DOWN.
Of course it does it reflect on all Americans you have the power to stop this crazy man if you love this country you would
Right. But 45 doesn't. You and your cronies brought this to us. You make me sick. And what has your loyalty to DT gotten you by the way?
Blah, blah,blabbity blah. I'm doing nothing about this, just blah.
Gee, could you be talking about @realDonaldTrump Mitch?
#DoSomethingGOP
They reflect your views, you're the one who stole a supreme court nom from a sitting president b/c he was brown, REMEMBER THAT? WE DO.
@senatemajldr @mike_pence silence on @realDonaldTrump comments speak volumes.
How about start with denouncing @POTUS ?
Just say, "Domestic Terrorists." Even a good ole boy like you can do that. And then impeach Trump. It's not to late to save your soul. meh.
You haven't done a thing about it!!  Condemn #45!!  IMPEACH!!!  This is UNACCEPTABLE!!!
Wheres your condemnation of HRC praising Byrd while she was SOS stating this former KKK leader was her mentor. U need to point out hypocrisy
Oh..they're coming to Lexington now to bait you and Bevin. Great job Mayor virtue signaling to them.
If you oppose their actions it's time to cut off the snake's head #ImpeachTrump
Trump on Charlottesville: Both sides were very violent 
Do you wholeheartedly oppose @potus statement today, or are you still supporting @realDonaldTrump
#TrumpLovesNazis
So, what are you going to do about YOUR president's response to it? Actions speak WAY louder than words. Prove yourself, impeach the SOB.
Please tell the leader of the free world to stop supporting these White Supremists and to do something about them
Hey there got anything to say about what happened today, anything?
JUSTICE FOR HEATHER - CIVIL LAWSUIT AGAINST TRUMP,ALT RIGHT, KKK & WHITE SUPREMACIST GROUPS 

PUT THEM OUT OF BUSINESS!
Enough to #ImpeachTrumpNow
Mitch, you ARE the #AltRight you #racist #BIGOT #FireBannonMillerGorka
You work for a president who embodies hate and bigotry. #actionsnotwords #hypocrite
Then you oppose Democrats?  Right??
@POTUS tells you what to do huh?
Love trump's hate & what goes around, comes around. You will go down with @realDonaldTrump. All of you will. America will vote you out!
Why do u not condemn Trump for his comments? You spent your life building the GOP; it will forever be seen as THE racist party.
Hey Mitch how's your boy strange doing!
Then do something, you stammering jellyfish. You and the catamite @SpeakerRyan have the tools at your disposal. Use them. 
Cowards.
Way to be Spineless!!
Denounce Trump!!  Denounce KKK, Neo-nazis, WS!

AGAIN, @GOP DEFEND our Democracy!!!
Please do something, anything.
The chickens are coming home to roost and there's no bigger chicken than you    Power and money are your gods.  Not decency
#FireBannonMillerGorka
But U haven't called out Trump for his white supremacy remarks. Ur silence speaks volumes about UR values. GOP now party of KKK, not Lincoln
If you believe your tweets than stand against Trump. You will not be reelected if these actions continue
Inadequate!  #historyhasitseyesonyou #complicit
Maybe you and your wife should do something instead if standing by like pawns
Call. Them. Out.
Then do something about it-impeach @realDonaldTrump now!!
If you allow #45 to continue his racist support of white supremacists groups, then you are condoning it!
You&Ryan hv enabled some of this, whether unwittingly or not&you've enabled fascism in the white house. Make getting him OUT your priority!
if you can't denounce trump,  then you don't deserve to call yourself a "leader. "
At least you said something. Take a deep breath. Now do the right thing and #ImpeachTrumpPence #FireBannon #TrumpRussia #DoSomethingGOP
You need to call out @realDonaldTrump by name for his words as @POTUS on these matters. He reads twitter. It may be the only thing he reads.
Well, then call Potus out.  If you don't and more people die when this really gets out of control, you and @SpeakerRyan will complicit.
Please stand behind ur words and start the vote to impeach 45. We need a Pres that unites us. Otherwise these are just empty words
I encourage YOU to be the ONE to start impeachment. Tweeting isn't doing any good. #BeTheMan #MakeHistory #StandUp2Racism #25thThe45th 
A woman looking suspiciously like your wife was beside Trump as he made his racist tirade. Will she resign from his cabinet?
Your GOP colleagues in the Senate and House need to care more about this country than their bank accounts and power positions. #IMPEACH
The hate and bigotry witnessed at #trumptower does not reflect American values. I wholeheartedly opposed his actions. See? Not hard to do...
It seems to reflect what some of the GOP senators think,including you.Are you afraid of standing up to your racist boss?
Step up & stop AG Jeff Sessions, Kobach, Pence w their voter ID/purging actions! Declare national voter ID & national holiday for voting!
Looking forward to seeing you voted out for gross negligence! The end is finally coming. You're just as deplorable as @realDonaldTrump !
This isn't enough. You are in a position of power. This @POTUS is setting up the next 5 election cycles to go Democratic bigly. Impeach now
You and mr ryan   get this monster mentally unfit man out of the white house hes destroying the country and it seems you dont give a damn
can you tell me where to find the "fine people"  Trump talked about  being in the Nazi, KKK group please? I would like to see them
Well it looks like you have a choice coming up in your family. As long as your wife is a cabinet member, how much can you possibly say?
You might want to check again with 45.  He stands by his first statement.

 

hope you seen the press conference today, all you Republicans will suffer come election time
Weak. Watered down.
Evidence of yet another coward.
