Don't need Daddy in DC. Need responsible adults. Govt not competent to do FREE MARKET'S job. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Good! Then repeal obamacare completely as promised!  No trumpcare! #UnitedForFreedom!
Gee, new report shows House bill increases premiums.  Is that your idea of fixing a mess? I am so ashamed that we come from the same state.
Please stand w/ @SenTedCruz,@RandPaul,@SenMikeLee,& @SenRonJohnson 4 #FullRepeal! No 2 AHCA! No more gov't overreach! #UnitedForFreedom!
Perhaps they should look at amendments they added that caused problems--failure on risk corridor payments. Where is the senate bill?
No, you're working on destroying what's left of the ACA and making healthcare worse with AHCA
We don't need any more entitlements! Stop sneaking around! #KeepThePromise for #FullRepeal!! 
#NoMoreBigGovernment. #UnitedForFreedom
Illinois State =Broke. Shifting Medicaid approvals to States w/no money means hcare recipients get no care. Federal Funding 4 everyone
Sen. Thune, the way you are trying to spin this disaster of a bill & the tactics to get it passed, you will end up as a SD tornado. #Oz
Take a tiny glimpse into our life & why cuts to Medicaid & #Trumpcare could harm her
You compound problems by meeting secretly. 1/6 of economy, millions of lives in the hands of 13 men = oligarchy. #ShowUsTheBill
Where is the text of the latest Trumpcare bill? Why the secrecy? Do your job; publish the bill for inspection, comments.
Working hard at secrecy
Great things don't have to be done in secret, only shameful lies are done behind closed doors. Let's see the plan before it's voted on.
Nothing you can do with this draft that will even come close to what we were promised.Your job is on the line. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Get US out of politically-controlled healthcare! #FullRepeal Return healthcare to patients and professionals, let prices fall #FreeMarketMed
God will judge you for this.
Maybe you forgot the man who bashed Obamacare and needed it to get treatment for his cancer.
ACA working great for lots in SD. Why the secrecy. If u vote for a bill that hurts the "SD working poor" the ballot box will answer.
You are not fixing anything you are making things far worse.  Will you be covered by your new plan?  Didn't think so. Grow a spine Senator
Oh they'll exempt themselves. Bank on it.
Expand Medicaid by increasing or remove the income ceiling in taxable income for SS and Medicare. Lower Medicare age to 62 helps lower rates
At least Dems got input from Repubs which is more than you can say
Why, during your years of whining about Obamacare, why do you have no plan ready?
As long as Liberals can convince voters that they deserve free stuff...freeloaders will scream if they have to pay anything at all.
I'm sure we pay way more in taxes than you do.
No. You're not. You're working hard HIDING a dystopian bill that will result in deaths & bankruptcies to give the rich a TAX CUT. #AHCA
I hope you're prepared to have this disastrous Trumpcare plan follow you throughout your career. You own it and reports are that it stinks.
First order, make it non-partisan drop calling it Obama care it is ACA for starters.
#ACHA is a gigantic turd. Stop peddling it. All you're achieving is the rapid education of moderates about single-payer systems.
By catering to lobbyist in healthcare field. The people loose. But that's OK with you! Blame Dem's Blame Obama. That's on you to savatoge.
If you believe basic healthcare is a right, AHCA worse! If not, then fiscally, taxpayer still pay for uninsured masses, but costs 10x more!
AHCA IS WEALTHcare tax cuts. We are not fooled. Disingenuous Senator.
"We know what the issues are and we have a bill....We're just not telling anyone what's in the alleged legislation".....
ACA cover millions that didn't have ins. GOP amended 100+ to ACA. GOP secret drafting is not bipartisan + erodes improving. Make it better!
seems like 7 years is enough time for homework
@doyourhomework
You told @morningmika that participation by Democrats was welcomed. True or were you posturing? Health care is not partisan issue.
Uh huh. Dems wont participate for politics? You won't SHARE for fear of losing power in 2018. WRONG. Get Dems in room to work TOGETHER on HC
Saw you on #MorningJoe--you missed the whole point of yesterday. It's not that we don't think you do anything w Dems--you're not doing it.
@JohnCornyn Liars and Hypocrites. Hold hearings and do your job. .
Pls allow hearings for this bill as there were w/ the ACA. I think u know that trying to ram this thru without any transparency is wrong
Stop your hateful rhetoric.
Watching Morning Joe.  Y is the GOP not working WITH Dems to "fix" #Obamacare?  Y r u taking coverage away from us?  #ACA
What a bunch of crap! STOP working divisively behind closed doors on Healthcare. Let DEMS in. Wiling to work with you. @GOP @Foxnews @CNN
Congress might be friends across Party lines. Great! Glad to hear it. But friends don't kick friends off health care, leaving friends to die
Give everyone access to the DC exchange. Problem solved
I hope the people in his state vote him out. He is supporting corporations not the US people. He's not worth getting a taxpayers salary.
To all you whiners and takers, The Constitution does not guarantee healthcare for everyone! Medicaid is already in place.
 by giving the tax credits to the very wealth and sock it to the middle class and underprivileged .
2/2  pre existing cond. & reproductive meds covered, & this draft to be made public. Please listen or explain. Sincerely, a South Dakotan.
1/2 @SenJohnThune After being cut short by your staff on a call, I would ask you seriously consider the needs of your #constituents -
Improve #ACA. What came out of house #AHCA is going to hurt many families-Elders & children! Senate's secret bill just as cruel #VoteNoAHCA
Only because the GOP won't fund it.
is that in between you working on your fake tan?
Yes because that horrible tax increase for the 1%er's is just "killing" them. Just terrible. NOT.
Just to be clear, a massive #taxcut for the very wealthy is not the solution.
Where is the transparency, senator? How about there was no consideration AT ALL  for the uninsured pre Obamacare. You only obstructed. LAME.
It's Obamacare's fault insurance companies raise premiums and have record profits? And you want to give them more freedom to do this?
OMG. . . Hey senator, why dont you exhibit some leadership and call a Health care brainstorming meeting and invite Dems. Bring us together.
And we thought @SenFranken was the comedian!
Millions more people are insured, including the previously uninsurable. Can you keep that part of the "mess"?
You had eight years
You mean that deplorables obstructed for 8 years because they couldn't stand a black in the white house? #CornynFailedTexas
Let us see the bill! Have some hearings! You work for South Dakotans, not insurance companies, so why have they seen the bill & not us?
Senate is debating to repeal the ACA in secret,a bill that could steal healthcare from 23 million ppl., including over 2.5 million in TX!
Stop letting insurance & pharmaceutical companies run the show! Time for single payer! Look at other civilized countries...we fall short.
ur full>BS-another GOPutin lover out 2 screw>middle class-I was>republican & self employed>ura RINO 1% stooge&murderer x denying health care
Give me a break. What is the sense of "urgency" when it supposedly won't be implemented for years?
Are u part of the Republicans who took money to make the "RUSSIAN ESPIONAGE "by Trump campaign go away? John are u a secert Russian? U sure?
When u decied not to fix ACA was that because a BLACK MAN brought it to tbe American People? Thune u a BIRTHER? DID U HATE ALL AMERICANS?WHY
The People know u go to Fox for the show. Like Trump said"MEAN" healthcare. Are u now or have u ever been a,human beign? Have u no shame?
The repeal is really a smoke screen to hide a nearly ONE TRILLION dollar tax cut for the wealthy. It's not about health care. Shame on you!
You and your colleagues are despicable COWARDS! Your health care plan is being crafted in secret. No draft, no hearings and no CBO score!
How could we possibly know if you're going to "fix" it if you won't release ANY details about your plan?
Oh sorry, that was me dying from laughter. Which will be a preexisting condition under the secret bill you are trying to pass.
I used to think you were a decent man. You are now showing your true colors & I am embarrassed that you are representing SD!
You are a serious problem. Get ready to lose your jobs
Lies. Lies. Lies
And you have no women senators on the working group. Are you afraid they'll create a 72 hour waiting period to get your viagra?
Let me guess? Ur doing it in secret so no one will see the mess that u create until after it's too late. It's rethuglicans who are to blame
The whole thing needs to go. You have no constitutional authority to be involved in what amounts to an insurance ponzi scheme, Senator.
You're a liar and a phony. @GOP has been sabotaging ACA and it can be fixed. The @GOP should be held criminally responsible for it.
Is it that you feel the warmth of the wickedness inside when you smile while saying this bullshit?
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
No they're not. My son has healthcare now for $18/month. He won't after you destroy this. What gov't takes healthcare away from its citizens
By gutting the program and putting the power in the hands of insurers? No thanks. 17% support AHCA. R u ready 2 run for reelection on that?
Wouldn't have been such a "mess" if repubs stepped up to compromise and improve it. Do you remember a little thing called bi-partianship?
HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa! 
You're going to take healthcare from 23 million people so you can enrich your already wealthy friends. Everyone already knows the truth
By taking children off healthcare.
#ACA allowed my son to recv critical op (2nd on brain, he's 4). Also has autism & adrenal fail. Single mom, don't know what I'll do w/o 
ty for sharing Molly Xx
Right! It's the Democrats. 

Buddy Boy, @JohnCornyn I want you to work hard to fix the mess that the Russian espionage created.
What are you doing about skyrocketing health care costs?  The ACA isn't the reason that prices are higher in the US than anywhere else.
The insurance companies created the mess. Republicans are trying to kill the poor and sick with the #AHCA.
We wouldn't know what they are doing. It's all behind closed doors. By fix do you mean tax breaks for the wealthy? #WealthCare
#Truth
Marco Rubio Quietly Undermines Affordable Care Act - The New York Times
Republicans Raised Your Health Care Premiums, Not Obamacare | Policy Dose | US News
What mess. You had 8 years to make it better.
@JohnCornyn great. Let's see the bill.
How do we know this? Where is the bill? You really expect us to just take your word on it?
#ShowUsTheBill
By passing a bill no one has read. Cut taxes for the wealthy.
By letting 24M not have insurance and give tax breaks to millionaires. Oh, and screw the Trump base. got it.
Please! President Obama left them in great shape, & they're trying their best to destroy America. On FOXNews playing 2 racist Trump's base.
But they are doing it in secret. 13 people deciding the fate of 321 million Americans. The arrogance! Shame on this corrupt GOP.
Please give us the link to the plan. Don't vote without hearings. No premium increase for pre-existing, no drops and no cuts to Medicaid
Yet another obstructionist spouting nonsense. How many governors established exchanges & accepted Medicaid? GOP fails average folks.
A lot of people are saying this administration is pressuring insurers to cut coverage and raise premiums.A lot of very smart ppl, the best
You controlled the congress for years and Never sent any plan to Obama to sign. You have had years to do this.
Boo, when people prefer profit over humans you lose me. Insurance companies raised the price. Look at their bonuses and their contributions
No it's the law you were charged with implementation not sabotage!
@JohnCornyn if u truly believe TrumpCare is SO MUCH BETTER then release it, argue for it, debate it...u hide it instead. SAD!
@JohnCornyn After GOP whined about ACA being rammed thru 2 fast? After taking hundreds of amendments & public hearings! BS!!!!
Haha...keep trying to blame Obama ... but even @realDonaldTrump said AHCA was mean! Just mean!!
If you are proud of your work, why are you hiding it?
Maybe you could share your work with the rest of the class (the citizenry) so we can weigh in. Like a democracy.
The mess is the for-profit, Commercial healthcare industry. It is collapsing.
#ShowUsTheBill
The mess that got poor folks healthcare?  THAT mess? Fix it by giving that tax $ t the filthy rich?  What TOTAL CRAP. U need to RETIRE. NOW.
Stop lying John! We're not distracted-Stop sabotaging ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Yes, it's awful that so many Americans have healthcare.  What was he thinking?  Please make sure you take it away.
By making it worse, you mean.  Why haven't we even seen the Senate bill yet?  Why are you trying to ramrod it through?  What are you HIDING?
If your plan was so great, you'd show it to the people instead of trying to rush it through. GOP are only interested in helping the rich.
So where is your grand plan replacement? Uh huh.. there is none. You got nothing but lies and deceptions. Liars!!
So why so secretive ?
Where is the open debate,compromise and negotiating w/ @SenateDems yall cant govern worth a damn.Do your job for Americans and not factions
John don't lie and exaggerate you are only embarrassing all of us.
Srsly? You are about to screw it all up for ideology @GOP complained about nonexistent death panels.Yall about to cause real death for folks
GET A CLUE. you're literally killing people to get this garbage passed. WHY?? domestic terrorists. The @gop must go
And hiding I'm from the press  until you guys got called out, where are we living, Russia or North K ??When reporters can't do their jobs
You guys #sabotageACA  70 % of the American people agree!!And guess what! They will remember when a love one dies or go bankrupt save family
I must have missed the press release- I look forward to reading ALL about it- and provide feedback to @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz
Because I KNOW it will get legitimate public vetting and public comment before a vote- @JohnCornyn has said we have to read it b4 we react
If your bill is anything like the House version, you're basically just thinning the herd while you strip civil rights & dismantle education.
Fix the mess in Congress and Weasel Jeff sessions.
The 1% and the lobbyists on k street that will see it before the American people do!
Why are you guys scoring it by CBO before the American people even get to read the bill? #ShowUsTheBill
And why 13 men in a back room if it's so great , because it isn't and it's just a #taxcut for your friends
Another lying Republician
@JohnCornyn so repubes had nothing to do with it passing? Y'all had YEARS 2 fix it! Pass a plan u would approve 4 ur family.
Don't delude yourself

So, you want to role it back to where your rich buddies made more money?
Now tell the truth-this mess is being blamed on Trump/GOP for market instability by insurance companies, & y'all had 2639 days to do better
Working in secrecy is undemocratic, un-American, and unacceptable. Our senators deserve to see and debate the bill.
I call bullshit on you @SenJohnThune!  If you want to fix it, have an open debate and hearings.
Since we have no frickin clue what u r doing, how do we know this is true?   Release the draft now & hold townhall w Texans!  Why hiding?
The democrats didn't make any mess the Republican Party is the party of dumb bells that have no ideas other then hate everyone and money
Why doesn't Thunder go on a media outlet that will question seriously that assertion? What is he scared of?!
I haven't seen Republicans working hard. Our intelligence unanimously believes Russian hacks, and Sessions says today he has done NOTHING.
You misspelled "Working hard to gut healthcare for the poor and middle class so that we can give a big tax break to the wealthy."
Yeah, I have to call BS on this, @SenJohnThune, and @JohnCornyn . You are just trying to find a way to cut the insurance legs out from under
the better part of 20 million + Americans, call it a fix, and give a tax break to the richest .1%. Tell the truth, and shame the Devil. you
are deserving of every bad thing that happens to your party. Hugs & Kisses, Jay.
#ShowUsTheBill
So release it to the public.
Show us the bill.
#MEAN
If by clean up you mean throw 23 million people off their insurance, then yes, you are demonstrably the bad guys here.
Democrats didn't cause pre-ACA price inflation of 9% (which was lower after the ACA). If you misidentify the problem, how can you "fix" it?
And just a thought, but this GOP-R-US blame-shift meme generator that you and others are using is a poor substitute for substantive policy.
Are you kidding me?!? That's all we heard the last eight years! Pull your head out of the sand
By making a bigger mess.
#NOAHCA
The American people are working hard to fix the mess Rs made by putting @PutinRF puppet in White House. We'll undo everything afterwards
And when Medicaid cuts cloise the nursing homes what will you have to say? Just let the elderly be homeless,and die?
