Please do your civic duty and stand up for American values by opposing the despicable #muslimban.
Meanwhile, there is a Constitutional crisis going on.
gutless invertebrate ....party over country like the typical republican
Chaos in our airports.  You're tweeting about sports.  Priorities.  
wouldhave been nice if you displayed a backbone, did your job and stood up to Trump.
who cares about this, how about your stand on what's happening now. Do the right thing, not just the GOP thing
sir u r a disgrace !!
why are you silent ?
Vote No on DeVos. Unless you feel you must because of the $17K in donations you accepted from her family. #DeVosHearing
you were silent on the Muslim band, but use your voice to speak up about sports #pickyourpriotities #disgraceful
do you have nothing to say to your constituents about real issues? Where is your integrity?
good for you!  Now please state your position on the #MuslimBan.
You're going to fiddle while Rome burns? US republic falling due to racist, unconstitutional Muslim ban. Shame.
we will remember your silence on what the trump administration is doing with the next election, bank on it!
Shame!
really glad you could go to a BB game when people need support Silence means you are complicit #MuslimBanprotest
really!  This is what your priority is today!! Shame on you!!
where do you stand on immigration & DeVos? Your voters would like to know.
Yeah because THAT'S what's important right now. 
nothing more important going on in the world?  How pathetic.  Hope your constituents take note
well goofy for you; what about children and elderly being handcuffed and held even with green cards? Get a clue
denounce Trump
glad you were able to make it out to cheer on a victory. Let me know if you need tickets and I can hook you up.
Meanwhile at the airport there were protests.  There is more that sports.Don't ask GCH to come to the US to treat us badly.
What about the travel ban, or are you not an American who cares about his country?
@argusleader Here is what John Thune cares about. Please don't ignore the links:
get back to work Rome is burning.
 Exemplar Bad D.C.  
@SenJohnThune @SenateGOP @SenateCommerce
Apparently oblivious to #trump's actions. You need to find another job. Not doing your work for SD.
Shame! ignoring the #muslimbam and impending constitutional crisis?
Any comments on the chaos and suffering caused by Trump's executive order?
3/3 What an amazing big donor tool!! @argusleader
2/3 Today?! Argus leader: heard constituents can't get your attention. Now, taking break frm lying about taxes, r normal guy?!
what about the travel ban? #speakout

How about a statement on something important like Trump trampling on the Constitution? Take a stand senator!
your priorities are screwed up Senator.
Weak leadership. #MuslimBan
Thanks for the basketball update, Senator. But why are you staying silent on Trump's Muslim ban?
Looks fun, hope the whole "crumbling democracy" thing going on didn't dampen the mood.
sad sad sad. Where are your priorities?
Are you f... serious?! You are one of  Trump party leaders, Fed. Crt order being defied & you (SD finds inaccessible) pander!
But when are you denouncing the #Muslim ban?
you got nothing on latest developments?understand free time..but really nothing?
So no comment on travel ban? Do you prefer "Gutless" or "Spineless" or "Craven" as your middle name.
glad you're dealing with the important things right now
Your silence speaks volumes.
Didn't you take an oath to defend the constitution? That time is now, senator. Impeach him.
Seriously? This is what you're talking about right now? Jesus wept. #NoBanNoWall
Heya Senator. Hope u enjoyed game. So about that refugee ban and the White House disobeying a federal judge?
Do your job!
so tone deaf.
Not really the best day to focus on USD athletics.
You'd rather tweet about sports than take issue with @POTUS illegal immigration orders?  Shame.
Sports? Get off the sidelines and show us where you stand on the #MuslimBan, Senator.
Shocked that your tweets are about sports. Do your job. Stand up for what is right. #NoBanNoWall
please stop HB1069.
I'm ashamed that this is what you chose to share while US fundamental values, and REAL HUMAN LIVES, were threatened yesterday.
@SDCoyotesMBByou post about sports but can't stand up for green card holders &those w/over 2 yrs vetting #NoMuslimBan #shame
Thanks for your input on the refugee ban.
pretty sure your job title isn't sports commentator.
...so, you're watching sports while innocent people with green cards and visas are being detained at our airports? #NoBanNoWall
really? Why are you silent about the #MuslimBan
so glad you were doing this instead of listening to my call today.
hey how about that Muslim ban
your silence is deafening.
And this is more important than the atrocities being penned today by @realDonaldTrump ?  Basketball or Constitution?  #RESIST

To Republicans who remain quiet, or tacitly support Trump's immigration ban: history will remember you as cowards. http://nyti.ms/2kFQWPJ  
dude no one gives a shit. There are actual problems and you actually have a voice. Act like it.
Seriously?!?!  You are watching basketball while the world is ending?!?!
You sure have a lot of time to tweet about sports today and absolutely nothing to say of any substance. #MuslimBanprotest
What’s the plan? Your president is destroying our country. You have a plan, right?
Liberals in my neighborhood are hiding refugees. Where can I turn them in.
couldn't agree more.  Now get back to work...You have a loose cannon Prez that you need to reign in.
