WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS? The majority of us do NOT want that. ALL OF YOU KNOW THIS, AND ALL OF US KNOW YOU KNOW, yet you continue to do what
ALL OF YOU WANT. Stop talking about what we want. Just more bullshit. 

Oh..put YOUR family on this dangerous insurance, if it's so good.
How many preexistong conditions are in YOUR FAMILY??
I'm sure you and the other republican white makes will take care of everyone.
Too bad in 2014 GOP rule change to ACA helped poke leaks in it and hence....ability to say funding failing. You all are history w voters
Thank you for hearing us I am disabled I am not a political rally cry for stealing money from others....ACA is theft and causes hardship
Country OVER party!
just remember to protect all Americans, not just the rich, shame on you if you don't
Right now Sessions, man recused from Russiagate, is interviewing person who will investigate it? The @GOP is failing America. #IndieVoter
Why don't you concentrate on the Trump-Russia investigation?
CalExit leaders ties to Russia complete with quasi embassy which is illegal....how many Democrats will go down in Russia investigation!!
Maybe we should have nationalized healthcare so profit-seeking companies don't try to mitigate their losses? #ACA
& have a flat tax rate so the wealthy are paying their fair share? It'll increase spending in our economy by the majority (poor & mid class)
Just heard you support what happened to the FBI director guess what you lost our confidence we were not unconfident about the FBI
OH BS !!!   You're working to make sure poor people die faster.  #AHCA
Keep SD families in mind on this bill. Don't let babies lose their Medicaid coverage! Help find affordable care on 1 income! #ThinkBabies
PATHETIC #COVERUP
We need you to care more about our country than your party
Days Before He Was Fired, Comey Asked for Money for Russia Investigation, via @nytimes https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/10/us/politics/comey-russia-investigation-fbi.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
We all know that we can talk and talk about you're going to do whatever the president tells you cheeto nose thune
I guess you're just pretty much a worthless Senator. You guys let a reality TV star scare the shit out of you wtf
I can't believe you support a president that that did nothing but praise the director then fire wtf
You obviously don't want to be reelected because I confidence is lost and you and who you put in the office you're fired
It failed b/c you guys refused to make any improvements, cheering its failure. Think about The People, not just rich people. HC4ALL
Senator, what market based system is lower zero?  Medicare for all is most cost effective system & desired my doctors & hospitals nationwide
Out of the frying pan into the fire. I don't trust you or your pals to do the right thing by the people who voted for you. You sold out
PS/stop BS about tax poor/feed rich bill pretending to be NoCare as you slash Medicaid, Medicare, SSI so Buffett gets huge cut he don't want
RUSSIA!!!!!
Why don't you work to stop the Russian threat happening via Trump???  #nationalsecurity
Bizzare u couldn't support r President after watching Comey admit Clinton broke laws!Avg Citizen would b n PRISON! SHAME on u! & Who LEAKED?
John R U a coward or a man! U going 2 stand up & B a man or U going to B a  coward? that's right you're a politician in other words a coward
We taxpayers are SICK of Insurance companies raping us & high pharmacy bills! Listen to Rand Paul-he watches out for Hardworking Taxpayers!
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
I love how she looks to her dad for protection. She asked him to stay so she wouldn't afraid. As a father you understand fear for your child
Do the right thing for your country, John. You know what that is. You always have. Listen to your conscience, not the GOP.
Americans want ACA strengthened. RN your critical focus should be on call for an independent prosecutor to look into #TrumpRussia
Time to choose your country over your party and demand an independent investigation into Russian interference in US elections.
I can never tell if you're literally that dumb, that evil, or a delectable mixture. 
@SenJohnThune Also, amusing you didn't capitalize "president". I mean, I don't anymore either, but ass kissing rules probably advise it.
#TheResistance demands action! We need an independent investigation. Will you take a stand and request this? #ImpeachNow #TrumpRussia
@SenJohnThune ever read The Handmaid's Tale? Asking for a friend.
Your tweet is the absolute example of Orwellian doublespeak. 
 God help anyone with a pre-existing condition!
That might be the dumbest thing ever said!!!!!!
So your bill includes preexisting conditions?  But I bet you allow the insurance cos. to charge them so much more it will be like no ins.
Obviously you don't care for Americans. Reducing affordable healthcare so you can pay less taxes- Unchristian , UnAmerican, Antifamily.
The people support Single Payer, so you should too.The scoundrels that run the corrupt insurance companies are the ones who ruined the ACA.
Listen to experts and constituents don't follow the House and give tax breaks to rich
And meanwhile, Rome is burning #Trumprussia
Did trump write this tweet for you?   Horrible grammar...
Thune is working on a health plan that will.kill many. And he gets huge tax break! Thune must not be elected again. He supports russia.
Are you supporting Russia investigation? Why don't you support subpoena of trumps tax returns? Anything else is treason by Thune.
GOP should implode!
.gov should not be in healthcare  " business". RULE OF LAW
Who's going to save Americans from @GOP ? Certainly not a gang of greedy male senators.
Let it fail...just work on the wall. Tax reform. Smaller government. Much easier to do.
You're a liar, a cheat and a thief; playing partisan games which harm your constituents. Hope your 30 pieces of silver are worth it.
ObamaCare is not collapsing ! U douchebags just want us to think this so u can screw us !
Trump fired FBI director. Please SAVE US from Trump
AARP DOES NOT won't your bill
