We need gun control laws NOW. Thoughts and prayers don't address the real issue here, Senator.
Thoughts & prayers don’t mean a damn thing in this moment.
Ask the Sandy Hook parents how that worked for them.
Damn calm tf down, people are dead. Take some time to grieve, we'll solve the issue in due time. Now we need to mourn, and remember.
Due time? How many more people have to die?
More hate and lashing won't solve the problem. We need love, cooperation and care.
That is true, but at the same time, what we have been doing hasn't been working. Otherwise this wouldn't continue to happen.
I strongly agree. But let's do it united, together. Any continued hate will only pull us apart further.
Common sense gun laws, now. Your prayers are not enough.
And your whining isn't enough, either.
You know nothing about me. Troll on.
We need love, not hate and bitterness.
We also need common sense gun laws and I was asking my Senator to do something, as he has the power to make it happen.
I agree. However, we need to join together. The pain is great enough already, the hostility will only hurt us more.
I have no hostility. I want him to act.
You voted against the assault weapons ban. 
Your words mean nothing.
You're sitting on your butt on Twitter, your words mean nothing.
#rude
How about you review the autopsy results of victims to see how many bullets hit pavement, bounced up and killed innocent people!?
So I hear we're supposed to take steps in our own lives to protect ourselves? Really? You said "like get small". Good job SD. Ignorant
So if you are at a sporting event w/family/friends & there is gunfire, how would you feel if someone blamed you for not "getting small"...... You should be ashamed of yourself.
What an arrogant comment. You would of been useless & protected no one in Vegas
Like you give a shit, @NRA whore.
Praying?? Grieving?????  Be truthful and not hypocritical. GOD sees the truth; you CANNOT hide from HIM! Do the Right Thing AND You Know It!
Please stop grieving and praying, act, stop receiving money from the NRA! We need our government to push the NRA out of their pockets.
You ought to do more than pray since you are in a position of power. Thanks!
What about more than prayer, send back the NRA money, take action to protect our future! @GOP @GOPChairwoman @GOPLeader
I will be looking to see how you will speak up for those who lost their wives, mothers, fathers, children, brother, sister, teacher, friend.
No you're not. You're blaming victims, dead and alive, for not 'getting small.' How DO you sleep at night?
Praying and grieving- excellent. Wait, aren't you a senator or something? You could probably DO something PRACTICAL like background checks?
Scores are dead because your NRA buddies pay YOU to allow lunatics to have guns! Pray for your OWN redemption. #GunControlNow
What have you read about the gun man, that would have lead you to believe, he was lunatic, before that night.. Dr.?
Awww...because actually doing something that might make a difference would cost you bucketloads of #NRA cash?
Put your actions where your "prayers and grief" are!  Enact reasonable gun legislation!  End gun violence!
Your "get small" comment is what we heard loud and clear.
You were very cold & hollow when U blamed those killed, injured, & traumatized 4 the rest of their life in Las Vegas, since Columbine,1999
Please note that I will be interested to see your voting when it comes to reforming how Americans purchase, are permitted to guns. Apologize
Sen. John Thune blames shooting victims for failing to ‘take precautions’ and ‘get small’ to avoid gunfire #LasVegas
https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/sen-john-thune-blames-shooting-victims-for-failing-to-take-precautions-and-get-small-to-avoid-gunfire/amp/ …
You are a disgusting individual for trying to lay blame on the victims of this shooting.  Don know you, don't want to know you.
Make yourself so small you can crawl into a rathole
Your prayers don’t do squat. Neither does “getting small”. How about refusing NRA$$ & passing reasonable legislation?
Hey @SenJohnThune,
 
Why did you take $44,000 from the @NRA?

Yeah, his "gt small" BS works great on asphalt, where bullents bounced up and hit many!
Time to ban assault rifles. They have 1 purpose: kill people as quickly as possible. You're weak & corrupt. Stand up for us & not gun makers
You're biased and ignorant.
No just tired of worrying my wife or kids could be killed by some lunatic w/ a machine gun.  Tired of nothing getting done. Tired of it all.
Praying for what? That they get shot again so they can practice  #GetSmaller ? Perhaps you should PRAY about SENSELESS COMMENTS?
Thanks for the advice to "get small" Senator.  #classy #LasVegasShooting
Try not to say something incredibly stupid and insensitive you clod like "getting small".My friends were in the line of fire #NRABloodMoney
If the grief becomes unbearable, you might find some relief by rolling naked in the $5,000 you took from the NRA last year.
This was my source:
Your comment on how Vegas failed to take precautions is ridiculous. Blame the lethal weapons used. Oh..that’s right, you’re backed by NRA.
You're part of the problem. You're beholden to the NRA & special interests. You have Las Vegas blood on your hands & conscience. #GunControl
Unless you vote for gun control you are allowing these things to happen. This is on you and your colleagues.
The gun industry and anyone who supports it is complicit in this Las Vegas terrorism. How many people are afraid to go to concerts now?
Your prayers are curses. You said "in situations like that...try to stay safe...get small." We will never be small enough for men like you.
Quit praying and pass reasonable gun legislation
So change your stance and  "take a long look" at further restrictions then!
Next time someone gets a chance to protect themselves from a shooter and #GetSmall I hope you are that lucky person. Show us how it's done!
You said you can't prevent someone from doing what he wants to do. BS. You haven't had a mass shooting in congress. Why? Metal detectors
you probably need to resign pretty quickly.  people like you are the problem
You do not deserve to be a senator. Get small?? Your soul is the NRA's. May you feel the karma of your advice. Get out of office!
How small the kids of Newtown should have made themselves? #GetSmall ?!? @SenJohnMcCain
"Get small"????? That won't help when you are a sitting duck in that scenario. Shame on you for your insensitive remarks.
Pray tell how does >$850,000 from the NRA alter your definition of whatever "get small" means? https://shareblue.com/senator-who-took-over-852000-from-nra-people-in-mass-shootings-should-just-get-small/ … #GetBloodMoneyOut
Remember to get small.
You could have GOP Rep. @SteveScalise demonstrate how to get small, amirite?
Senator, you freak, explain again how to "get small". How to take responsibility for dodging bullets. How America can't do prevention.
Guess they forgot to get small Sen Thune.. how did you ever get elected? Oh thats right,,NRA monies .. sad  #GunControlNow
Seriously? You lack integrity and now credibility. Shame on you. Your constituents need sensible gun control not ridiculous advise.
If only they had crouched down and gotten small like you suggested.. they still wouldn't have been able to avoid the bullets. #NRAkills
Send back the $42,705 to the NRA and keep your thoughts and prayers. #action is what we need.
"get small!!"
While you PRAY, we're PREY! Pass sensible gun laws NOW! And never say that thing about "get small" again. Do you have a media coach? Get one
What about your "thoughts"? Great to know that you will do fuck all to actually help since you are so far up the NRA's ass, enjoy the money
Oh, you are praying for people who didn't "get small"? Way to blame the victims, you miserable piece of shit. Fuck you.
Take your prayers and shove them WAAAY up there with the #NRABloodMoney you pocket to do their bidding. #BloodOnYourHands 
$181,215 dollars worth?
You took $46,705 from the NRA.  You are PART OF THE PROBLEM, sir.
Yeah that does some good doesn't it? Easier than doing the right thing and going for a little gun control, right?
Can't pass a repeal of communist care,  or common sense tax code, but let's pass more gun laws, we need politian control. Pass that bill 
I pray that YOU will care about victims of violence & outlaw semi- & automatic guns! No reason for people to own these! You are a hypocrite!
So let me get this straight, the left want more laws, even though they don't follow current law's. 
you blamed victims for failing to "take precautions" & "get small’ to avoid gunfire"? You've an A+ NRA rating - you've blood on your hands!
Amnesty for illgeals,  more gun laws for Americans  that's  how's they role. What a joke
And yet you had no problem blaming the victims for not "taking precautions" or "getting small"? How much does the NRA pay you?
$181,215 is his blood money payment
Thune doesn't give a jot about human life. His solution to gun violence? Victims should "get small." Disgraceful.
So, you’ll stop taking money from the @NRA?
Sir, your prayers and grief and not enough. Vote for common sense gun control measures. #NRA #LasVegas
You should be ashamed. Telling victims that they should have gotten smaller to avoid gunfire. Disgraceful.
Read the accounts of survivors fleeing for their lives while ppl killed & shot around them. Your statement is abhorrent & inexcusable.
Even the ones who you blamed for not getting low?
Agree! Blame the public for getting shot. What the fuck is wrong with you? cc: @frankthorp @HallieJackson #thoughtsandprayers #NRA @NRA
What was that about hiding from bullets?
#getsmall ????
Keep your prayers and pass some gun laws that make sense.
SD Billboards

Foreground: your face with that smirk

Background: slaughtered children

Text: A PSA from SenThune--get small kids!
You attacked the victims? What gives you the right?
So if your children were slaughtered in their classroom you would do nothing w/ your power other than say "this is freedom" & "get small"?
Please get off your ass and do something about mass shootings ruining our country. Get out of the NRA's bed.
You and your NRA friends tolerate this murder
If only those people had gotten smaller. like REALLY small. smaller than a 2nd grader.
I wonder if you will get elected again?
Get small!?!?
From your response you could care less until it's your family
Is that before or after blaming the victims for not "getting small" to avoid the bullets?
You have been paid over $181,000 by gun lobbies to tell people to “get small”
There's a word for people who do what they're told as long as the price is right. I'm sure you can figure that out.
but apparently not senseless enough for you to refuse an NRA donation in 2016.
You should tender your resignation now. NO responsible person in leadership should respond to a violent tragedy the way you have.
#ThoughtsAndPrayersAreNotEnough  we need responsible #GunContolNow
Did u say people should make themselves small? SMH u r a real Malaka
How small? Are we safe now Senator?
How much money did the NRA give you? BAN assault weapons! No one needs these!!
So those 7 yr olds at sandy hook should've "gotten small"?
You're nothing but a hateful creep. Resign.
Only a small man would tell people to "get small" to avoid being shot while he has accepted almost $1M from the NRA.
Send back the money, Senator. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
You took $46,000+ from the NRA. This is your fault. You stand in the way of gun control. This blood is on your hands.
Want to be useful? How about voting "yea" on Sen. Feinstein's bill to ban bump stocks? Or does the NEA have you on lockdown, on that one?
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
Is this true? South Dakota Senator John Thune received $5,000 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle?
Get small, Senator. Get small.
Get small???? What if your family had been attending that concert. Is that the advice you'd give her? Get small...You are an NRA shill.
Americans ahead of the stinky, greedy, party!  How does God feel about the crookedness? Do the right thing. You tried once & were bullied.
Your prayers don't matter.  Take action rather than telling people to "get small."
Wow!
One can assume your feed is being "managed" however, I hope you hear the cries of anger from your Countrymen and women.
I am disgusted by your comments, "get small" @SenJohnThune.  I hope your prayers and grieving lead to action, but bet they won't!
Because we have SENSELESS POLITICIANS in DC taking millions from the NRA in exchange for innocent lives. Get your SMALL mind to some action
Do you Republicans take dares on who can say the stupidest thing after these tragedies?  Because I think you said it.
GET SMALL Senator....just GET SMALL
Get small? You mean like your heart?
Heard you on MSNBC this morning.  Your remarks were reprehensible. You advised victims to “Get Small”. How about you “Think Big” for once!
How much money did you take from the NRA last election cycle?  $5,000?  
"Get small?" Are you serious? This is your solution? No wonder this country is so screwed up.
How about taking action to outlaw ownership of military-style assault rifles? Prayers have literally done *nothing*
Seriously? "Get small" You are an embarrassment!!
HOW senseless? More or less than $5,000? #NRA #NRAKills #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
So you're praying to Mammon? You and your cronies don't believe in God, you just believe in MONEY. Hypocritical asshole.
I get shot at a lot and when I do I just turn on my nano power and shrink to the size of an atom. Every concert goer should know this. Sad!
This nation's character& self worth have eroded so far that a sitting US Senator feels comfortable saying publicly that the periodic mass
slaughter of citizens/children with freely available battlefield arsenals is something we should just accept as our reality. Thune literally
said it's on us to protect ourselves from the military grade weapons saturating our society. Weaponry that he is PERSONALLY facilitating the
manufacturing and distribution of. Please readers, I want you to translate this mindset/ideology to its applied practice/mechanics and
in doing so place Thune himself in the scene: It's him personally handing assault rifles, high velocity ammunition, and full-auto mods to
Paddock and Lanza (via his mom). In the billboard background and on the right are the slaughtered people, their  limbs blown apart, their
intestines spilling out from gaping holes, the skulls of 5 year old children cracked open like pomegranates with chunks of brain matter
splattered throughout a classroom, andso on. Then overlaying the image is the text "try to stay safe" & "get small". That's right America,
Wow! Get small??? You are owned by the NRA. Tell that to your children and to the children of your state!! Shame !!
Get Small? how did that work for the victims of Sandy Hook? you arent grieving or you'd act. you are sad that your moral compass 'got small'
Well after that stupid ass comment I am surprised.  The gentlemen from the baseball game that got hit did you tell them to get small?
Since we can’t possibly regulate access to guns..we need classes to teach kids how to survive in your crazy vision of life in the USA.
get small....
What a tool! I'd love to see a live action lesson from him on how to survive a shooting like this.
DO SOMETHING!! It's, literally, YOUR JOB!!
Prayers won’t bring them back nor will it stop the next angry white man with an arsenal and a grudge. #BanAssaultWeapons #YouAreComplicit
Hey maybe you could give up some of your NRA money so we can fund schools to teach kids ‘how to get small’
You have blood on your hands. If you truly have grief, show it by sending back the NRA money.
After you grieve, please support sensible gun laws and return the NRA's $46,705 in contribtions to your campaign. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
Save your prayers. We need gun reform now. Also, give the money you've gotten from the NRA to families of the victims. What would Jesus do?
There’s a seat in that “straight to hell” golf cart with your name on it. Hop on in!
It’s the public’s responsibility“in situations like that, you know, try to stay safe. As somebody said—get small.”Has the NRA paid you much?
Your "prayers" are worth nothing, and your statement was despicable. If you want to really do something, fight for gun control.
...and refuse NRA $$$. #44155reasons
Too bad they didn't get the "make yourself small" advice BEFORE they were killed. Bad timing on your part, mate.
Enough! Today you say in a "free society" we need to "get small" in our own lives. No onus on gun owners though. It's on everyone else, eh?
Your prayers and grief for this senseless violence are pure bullshit. YOU accepted $5,000 from the NRA in 2016. There is blood on YOUR hands.
No,you're not. You're blaming victims for not "getting small ". WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU? Disgraceful.
"We will wipe the tears with the money the NRA gave us"
I read you took $852,000 from the NRA to ensure gun control laws aren't passed. So your "praying" and "grieving" have no legitimate worth
As long as you can sleep knowing you were a direct cause for this and many other massacres. Hypocritical piece of crap! "Get small" indeed,
“To protect themselves. And in situations like that, you know, try to stay safe. As somebody said — get small.” Remember Steve Scalise?
You wouldn't want a something similar to happen right?  #getsmall
Except for the ones who didn't make themselves small enough
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
Great. We also expect your resignation for blaming the victims.
#getsmall. Pathetic...
Did you wipe the nra blood money off your hands before tweeting that?
Lies Mr. Trash . . . Why don't you send some of the victims your NRA cash, that would be more sensible. Silencers for EVERYONE!
Your prayers are fake and useless like most of the enablers in your party.
'Get Small'??WTF!!!! People shouldn't have to pack their bullet proof vest to go to a concert...
