Time for mature adults who disagree w/our @POTUS to move on, work for the good of USA.  Just like conservatives did for 8 yrs.
Oh bullshit. You know better, yet here you are squawking RW talking points. Good little parrot!

https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/post/republicans-had-it-in-for-obama-before-day-1/2012/08/10/0c96c7c8-e31f-11e1-ae7f-d2a13e249eb2_blog.html …
http://swampland.time.com/2012/08/23/the-party-of-no-new-details-on-the-gop-plot-to-obstruct-obama/ …
finish the confirmations quickly
The anger toward globalist republicans is growing as is crooked bias media's. We elected U to work for us NOT your Check book
yet Trump just tweeted about the 2016 election today. Any election lasting past 11/8/2016, should call a doctor
Next time you see the President, please ask him to move beyond the election. It is embarrassing for foreign dignitaries hear.
Indeed, this is a joke. Hope the media can inform the U.S. on this ridicules stance
Yes John get your globalist push back partners in DC to get on the Trump train & GET 2 work America's sick of crap get to work
Republicans have the house , Senate & Presidency NOW get to work for President Trump so far we R not real happy W/his support
missing the point. Election was a Russian coup. @realDonaldTrump is #FakePresident. Start standing up for US. #MadeInTheUSSR
how did Russia implement a coup on the election? Wiki leaks? Come on.
agreed 2 go soft on Russia lift sanctions in exchange 4 DNC hacking and @johnpodesta emails #duh
'80s called wants it's foreign poly back' 'transmit my flexibility after election'
Your party does nothing to stop a nationwide epidemic of Medical Bankruptcy
it's also time for Trump to move past the election. Hope you will be one of the leaders who demands investigation into Russia
not like he picked completely unqualified people for these positions, lest just not focus on that.
It's time for our President to start acting like a President.
We elected Trump to drain the swamp in DC either YOU are part of the swamp or part of the solution some of you sold to Clinton
this coming from party that just got over 2008 and 2012 elections on Jan 20 2017
We also need to know if they are cutting deals with Russian before they get appointed
You never started working for the American people. #hypocrisy
If 45 can't "move beyond 2016 election," why should your colleagues? Are Russians blackmailing you?
Okay maybe we should call him President Nero, anything to appease his ego
Rome is literally burning & you want us to look away? What does GOP know & when did they know it?
The ones screaming the loudest are the ones most involved & with the most to lose.
Town hall meetings please
too bad u didn't do that for the last 8 years
45 doesn't even have a full cabinet picked!  Rushed Pruitt before seeing his emails. I wdnt do that for a Dem!
Thank you
Think you better tell your fellow Sen.Collins the same thing!!
When the President appoints qualified candidates that aren't crooks, I'm sure they will.
and some republicans!!
Its supposed to be about the all people not just the minority
Russia????
when have YOU ever worked for the American people? We're paying attention now. Holding your feet to the fire from now on.
#resist  investigate Trump and Russia now! That is how you can work for US citizens.
you spent 8 years not getting past the last election. How dare you now tell the Democrats to simply move on. Your time is over
actually this type of "footdragging" is fairly common place.  It happened for Obama and it also happened for Clinton.
You didn't work for the American people for 8 yrs under Obama. Your hypocrisy is astounding!
Do you not watch the news? The election is over. Quit using it as an excuse for the chaos and lying Trump administration.
I smell a SoDak Sen. primary showdown #rememberdaschle?
#investigate #SoDakb4party
#investigate
or Trump's picks could be suitable for the job?  Did you vote for all, John?
Have you been hitting Bannon's crackpipe? Trump is so hung up on it he's holding a campaign event this weekend.
amen
It's time for @realDonaldTrump to move beyond the '16 election, release his returns, build a cabinet, and on and on and on.
with all due respect senator it's time for u all 2 stop being partisan + get things done. can start with russia investigation
this is no way unprecedented. Look at the situation, look at the picks by 45 and wake up. DeVos, Price, Puzder.
- we are beyond the election. #NOTNORMAL
Dems don't acknowledge American people as their people, so why work for them?
or the Russians...whichever. Party above country, right?
democrats don't care about the American people or the rule of law, they've made that clear
I couldn't agree more. Please reach across the isle to your colleagues that continue to resist that Trump is POTUS.
Good Luck!
represent us in SoDak! Teacher and parent organizations were against Devos and you know it. Do what's right for all of us now!
Independent voter asking you to get past thinking about reelection and serve country over party. Investigate.
Thank you.  We are tired of this fighting between the parties and nothing getting done. Drain the swamp.
tell your Russian president to move beyond campaigning.
Russia first.
naw! They have a bit more dividing to do.
can't they want u distracted while they build their shadow govt
Didn't @POTUS just bring up his big win in a press conference today even though no one asked about it?
Yes it is.
You first. Do you advise & consent on Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court. Until then the Democrats should block everything.
You haven't worked for ur constituents since u arrived in DC.
Do your job.
Dems will have a hard time hearing this! Proving their ideology and saving their egos seems to be more important!
Nice! About time one of the Dems say this! Acting like petulant babies because Trump won is tiresome! Get over it! People 1st
who are you?  You work for Betsy DeVos, right?
do you hear yourself talk? Trump has the most corrupt admin and it's not even complete yet. So disappointed in SD reps.
tell your President to move past it. He brings it up every time he's on front of a camera.  You're a joke!
Please get to work for the American people, not your party. We need a full investigation into Russian involvement. #taxreturns
I agree.  Enough of the obstruction.  We must move forward with President Trump.  #MAGA
This is about MORE than a damned election. ARE you even listening? End Dept of ED? End EPA? Pipelines? Big oil? Wstreet?
That's good common sense Senator. Unfortunately, that's a commodity in short supply these days.
It's time for YOU to be more bipartisan instead of being trump and McConnell's little errand boy!!!
you are kidding, rght?!?!
so true.
Somebody's waking up
It's not an either/or situation-both can happen. You're ess. telling Dems to shut up, stop asking Qs re integrity of democracy
tell Ryan be a man and fight for the people, we are at war and he's hiding like a sissy
also, stellar tactic to tell people to "get over it".  That always works. My mind is changed now. /s
and when are you and the GOP going to understand that this is not about the election anymore.
because we're busy trying to drag republicans into the 20th century.  And I know it's the 21st century.
I have realized over the years Democrats are anti America should not be in American justice system. They are bad for America
Or MSM.
Says the man bought by Betsy DeVos.
No one is stuck on the election, it's the current presidency that's the problem #nationalsecurity #traitortrump

you control the entire government and you still can't get stuff done #sad
Don't blame dems this is all Trumps doing
how about we talk about Flynn and all the ties to Trump campaign
are you sure you want to go down with the sinking ship. Don't commit treason.
tell the president he just brought upClinton
you are choosing party over country. Trump and his inner circle are traitors. It's sooo obvious.
Isn't it time for GOP to develop some intestinal fortitude?  You look and act weak.
are you a Russian sympathizer too? No there is treason going on and we're not moving on until you and anyone else is caught.
it's time for you to respect American core values and listen to the needs of those who put you in office.
This is what we expected.  Luckily the GOP is as adept at playing hardball politics as the Dems are. I'm waiting to see it.
Sir, what about security for us? #Make AmericaSecureAgain No: public calls, key left on table or "football" photos. Integrity.
Thank you for everything America,
in the mean time go represent the great state of South Dakota and make this country great again! Go defund obama care
John I am sorry BUT you are in the majority,, so let them act like spoiled little children
uh, but we ended up with a @POTUS that is in bed with Russia. #ButHerEmails
When do you work for the country? I'm pretty sure you only work for your party.  #CONservativeLogic
Won't happen. Their leadership is borderline insane. The Dem party is imploding.
thank you Senator!! Please let your fellow Republicans to do the same
a voice of reason the rest of the party will attack him .
Respectfully sir, it's not the election outcome, it's the POTUS' choices they object to. Big & important difference.
@SenSchumer @SenGillibrand if only they could.. partisan as ever. Four more years of Dem nonsense
They're not hung up on the election but whether our country is currently under illegal foreign influence. Beyond politics...
do your job!  And hold some town halls...you scared?
Of course he's scared. Besides, he really only seems to come back for hunting season.
You'll do more for America and the American people by calling for a full investigation of all Admin. ties to Russia.
one of his team already resigned.  Maybe we should vet his team.  Idk I'm just a dumb voter
get back to working for the American people ? We are not stupid! Ya never were!
Trump can't get over it. Now is the time for investigating Trump's ties to the Russians. What did he know and when. #doyourjob
none of you seem to work for the American people and you are ignoring our complaints. Man up.
seriously? How can you say that with all the questions about Russia ? Don't you want to know
says the senator who gets paid for his votes. Why don't you do your job and represent your constituents?!
Seriously - could you be more blind to what is actually going on in the real world? Your talking points are tone deaf.
Time for you stop selling us out to Russia. They meddled and you support their puppet. You are a traitor!
Really? Really? You and the GOP have spent the last eight years stagnant in the name of opposition.
We need to properly vet the nominees, not be a rubber stamp for Trump! Do your job! #checksandbalances
it's time for you Senator Thune to care about America's interest and security more than your own party. Hold Trump accountable
it's time for Senate Republicans to get their head out of the sand and so their job!! #work #HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
I solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies,foreign and domestic
as Mike Tyson once said, "see you thune."
Lady! Trump is bring a lot of jobs and money back! All the Left is doing is shirking work to attack Trump!
People's concerns about healthcare, education, Wall Street influence, and Russia have nothing to do with the election.
Maybe you need to actually do your fucking job and investigate Flynn/Trump and ties to Russia.
but you were okay with the podesta groups connections. 'Transmit my flexibility after election to Vladimir'
.@SenJohnThune Go quietly into the night after these unbelievable revelations? Think again, sir. #wishfulthinking Americans deserve truth.
What the hell does this even mean?
There may be No America. Investigate Russia ties to WH to find out for sure
it's time for you to stop attacking half the population of America, do your job and work for all America. #CountryOverParty
It's time to call for an independent investigation of all in WH responsible for this natl security crisis w/ Russian ties.
American's deserve to know who and how WH and Trump Campaign colluded with Russia to steal elections.
It's time you realize the republicans are not in power, a crazy man is. Trump does not represent GOP. Stop the crazy!
We agree. Let's start with investigating @realDonaldTrump ties with Russia. #resist
'transmit my flexibility after the election' '80s called wants it's foreign poly back'
Agreed it's time to make things happen.  Bickering petulant children is how our government looks to the world.
All you did for years was obstruct @POTUS44 and the majority of American's wishes. You're no American leader. #AbuseOfPower
your words remind me of a painful bowel movement
Thank you for supporting President Trump.
Collaborator.
We are well beyond the election.  Will you support transparency and investigate the ties between Russia and Trump Admin?
'80s called and wants it's foreign poly back' 'transmit my flexibility after election' 'podesta group' 'reset'
