They. Turned. Off. The. Recording. When. He. Called. Putin

IF OBAMA HAD DONE THIS THE GOP WOULD HAVE HAD HIM TRIED FORTREASON
Garland the duly nominated judge. CA senators have my support to stop crooked GOP hateful theft.

HOW CAN YOU SAY THIS WITH A STRAIGHT FACE? Dishonest lie. You were the Party of Obstruction!
When have you ever stood for SD instead of Mitch McConnell? SD needs a conservative with integrity.
Garland also had the right qualifications, based on past confirmation votes. But "one party" hijacked his nom.
The melting turtle man would not even hear Obama's nominee. What Biden said is not a rule or law
he is probably as good as his mother  who was pretty stupid!
That was Obamas position to fill. Karmas a bitch when she rears her ugly head.

so it was ok for you to hold it up from one President. You owe @BarackObama an apology
Merrick Garland was also qualified but you played political games instead of doing your jobs.
You say that, but it's a clear contradiction to what the Republican party did to Judge Garland. @washingtonpost
So was Garland!! Should be treated same as you treated him. Always be known as the "stolen seat"
Then why didn't you confirm Obama's nominee?
writings on the wall for 2018 and 2020 Your losing ur job
so did merrick garland not even exist in your eyes? did that just not happen in reality?
You're absolutely right. SCOTUS seat doesn't belong to any one party. So vote on Merrick Garland first. He deserves a vote.
Hahahahahahahaha! Ol' Mitch must have amnesia, or dementia, or Alzheimers! Clue: MerrickGarland
And Merrill Garland- hypocrite. History will judge you.
- If he's right then why did GOP block Garland & not even give respect of meeting? And then steal seat? PARTISAN
so you agree that y'all should have voted for Garland.The Hypocrisy!!
you and he literally stonewalled @POTUS44 FOR EIGHT YEARS. Have you no shame sir? No honor?
You should have put in @BarackObama nomination instead instead of some Alt-Right nutcase choice
what a joke.  How can you post this when refusing to hold a hearing for political reasons.  #hypocrite
, What about Merrick Garland? Didn't he at least deserve a hearing? Shame on you!
Mitch did you fight at theMassacre??#BowlingGreenMassacreLivesOnInKentucky
More non-truth from McConnell's no Garland  vote. We need Constitutional protection, not GOP dictator protection
Then why was the seat left open for so long?
in all due respect. Your nominee is anti female. Isn't that 1940-1950 rhetoric?
You GOP set the stage, now enjoy the show. #merrickgarland
headbutt a knife
Also well qualified
SHAME on you. #Garland
What incredible hypocrisy! Eight on the Court is fine with us! Utter stinkers. We will remember!
And didn't you and the rest of Senate GOP swear to ensure Garland wld never get a chance.
y’all just blocked a perfectly qualified nominee for no good reason
He'll get the same treatment as #MerrickGarland
what about Merrill Garland? We should treat the GOP, like they treated the democrats! No!
How do you slimy disgusting humans sleep at night? Soft beds of back alley abortions?
Because they survived #Bowling Green Massacre!
You are kidding me...have you no conscience; and you call yourself a Christian. God help you!
So are Garland's. @chuckschumer Obstruct, Obstruct, Obstruct!
So that is why you refused to even discuss Merrick Garland?  #hypocrisy
Maybe you can answer cause I'm still waiting to hear what about #MerrickGarland
like seriously what is the point of saying this other than to highlight you didn't do your job and nominate Merrick Garland?
lol so is that why it sat empty for a year?
Two words: Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland.
Like his fascism? Do your research.
Hippocrates and cowards. That's all you are until proven otherwise. #resist
@SenatorRounds Is this ok with you?! http://m.dailykos.com/story/2017/02/02/1629036/-Russia-sanctions-lifted-Trump-plots-war-with-Iran-with-Russia-joining-in?detail=facebook …
oh you mean Garland's seat?
You incredible hypocrites. You stole this seat from Judge Garland and now you're claiming the high ground?
The Senate has the RESPONSIBILITY to vote on a Prez nomination. GOP refused to do its job w/MGarland.
.@SenJohnThune .@SenateMajLdr .@washingtonpost If he didn't want a broken process, he shouldn't have broken it.  #LogicHappens
Hippocrates. Should have been bipartisan to garland. Vet him well and go from there.
Ahhh memories!
Also, I think you left your spine in S.D. 
@GOP crisis of patriotism continues,reducing foreign policy to 140 character mean girl tweets.
No, sure doesn't.  Should belong to the POTUS in office when a vacancy arrises.  Funny how that was ignored, eh?
still need a no on DeVos...thanks.
Too bad he was dead wrong on whose job it is to fill that seat. It belonged to #JusticeGarland!
The man that refused to even meet with the previous nominee has a different  opinion now?
so you agree that y'all should have voted for Garland. You're playing politics my friend.
He certainly didn't have that opinion a year ago! What has changed...what COULD it be...
Just like you guys gave Garland a hearing?
