With choice the employers could again help employees and or employees could get the insurance they want plus Medicaid left to each state
You seem like a level headed public servant. Dem woman from PHL here - can you be the adult in the room on this issue?  #leanin
Craven republicans
Let's talk about what Republicans think HC should be.
Cutting Medicaid raises cost to everyone.  Who pays ER visits regarding EMTALA visits?  ER becomes primary care provider for uninsured.
Why are Congress and staff exempt from the latest bill? What's good for  the goose is good for the gander. #HypocriteThune #UnelectThune
If you fix a 1987 Ford Taurus, it's still a 1987 Ford Taurus. Get rid of it altogether! #FullRepeal c/o #UnitedForFreedom
Pretty sure the @GOP controlling 36 states & congress since 2010 created the mess. Y'all played politics with people's health. U own it now.
Sentencing children to death due to lack of health insurance access doesn't sound like a fix, senator. Don't forget where you came from 1/2
That is hype and extreme speech! You libs always use the same old play book! Children n granny dying. Rich getting richer. Racism...
You call me a lib and know nothing about me...? You don't know my political affiliation based on Twitter. 
You're words give you away! You use emotions instead of facts, a ploy used by libs! Own it !
Emotions may be at use but kids who don't have access to health insurance don't get the care they need. That said, even if I were a Dem,
No one is losing the acess to healthcare
You mean the CBO is lying when they say 22 mil people will lose their coverage in the next several years and be unable to afford it?
Ppl on Medicaid stay on it and anyone can get treated for HEALTHCARE at any emergency room! No children are sentenced to death!!!!
The FIX is to #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
If you won't go for the Bernie @SenSanders-style single payer system, can we at least get a public option? Sincerely,  a South Dakota Voter
Government of the stupid, by the stupid, for the stupid.  Thanks John.
Republican bill is disgrace......
Listen to smart people. Single-payer system. #VapidThune #TrumpFlunkyThune #UnelectThune
Support President TRUMP on replace and repeal Obamacare! I can't hear you?????
The Democrats were not invited  13 GOP came up with a bill to give Donald Trump millions & pennies to disabled, seniors, most in need health
Why can't the health care bill go back the way it was before Obamacare became law with more state offering more choice?

#FullRepeal waspromised to the people keep your promises we won't forget no replacement 
#United for freedom
AMA and AARP are against.  Explain why.
fix it, dont repeal and replace it.  The #AHCA.is immoral.
Understand the lack of cooperation from Dem bcuz of their insistance on SINGLE PAYER! SenThune plz SHOW single payers there's better options
I have excellent coverage with @AveraHealth through the ACA. 
Can you say I will have equal coverage for the same cost?
Blaming others is always a really good look. Why don't you try working together? #cantwealljustgetalong #Happy4th #backstory
U fool U didnt take the FED medicaid EXpansion Money and NOW your State is failing,. U Skwd Ur Own People..AHCA FAAAR worse GOOD JOB Shill
I believe in Karma, but all of congress gets better healthcare than most Americans, whom your suppose to work for. Don't blame the Democrats
Republicans had 7 years to fix. Republicans answer to hurt seniors, disabled people, jack up premiums & punish those w/ pre-exist diseases.
What a load of bs. We will not stand for Wealthcare/Trumpcare!
SD are a proud people, but we also know when to compromise. Start leading, reach acrosse the aisle and get to work #bipartisanship
Because millionaire insurance company CEO's were promised $1Trillion in tax cuts to break with ACA and support the garbage TrumpCare bill
American Voters: Make sure to vote these men OUT OF OFFICE if they repeal ACA and try to replace it with garbage known as TrumpCare #AHCA
How does people making $5million plus a year getting 250k back at the expense of Medicaid recipients benefit America
It's failing because you serve the wealthy, and seek to destroy that which was designed to help the poor. Shame on you and your lies, sir.
Oh and of course...there's always money to give tax breaks to rich.  Fix ACA or single payer!!!!
Same old story.... always money 4 war but taking care of elderly, poor, & disadvantaged there is no money? Fix ACA or single payer!!!!
Do you think 88% of Americans, who believe GOP sabotaged Obamacare, will believe you, esp when GOP is also trying to kill Medicare/Medicaid?
No fix, repeal it thune, you love Obamacare you are fake news
Obama Care was l
Passed by both houses of Congress, despite polls that indicated that the people. people. didn't. want it!
It.simply amazes
GROW UP and stop with the blame game and please hold this unstable president accountable for his vulgar behavior
Republicans did participate in the AFCA now accept the participation of Dems to fix it Stop the blame game you have all the control now
You do remember that every republican in the country told people not to buy insurance thereby creating the mess in the exchanges, right?
Why isn't it up to all of you to fix it? @GOP & @DNC are on the same basketball team. Work together or lose the championship.
YOU sabotaged it.  YOU wrote abysmal Deathcare bill in secret & tried 2 jam it thru.  No re-election 4 U. not proud of you
Wow, you got your head out of McConnell's arse long enough to spew his talking points. Wealthcare is not healthcare!
your Party does not speak out against MSM treatment of their President..he has to punch back. Maybe you could learn from him
thank you....WE DO NOT WANT A SINGLE PAYER SYSTEM !
Your ignoring the SD Media, just shows that you are now like the Daschle you attacked. SD press conferences? Town halls? @argusleader
Don't eschew your hand in all this. Your blame laying is not very #SouthDakota
Oh John, even you don't believe that.
ACA included over 160 GOP amendments. Why aren't you talking higher premiums, less coverage, higher deductibles & impact on rural SD?
Get real!! You don't even remember where you came from or who you're working for!! #disappointing #disgusting #disgraceful
Agreed, Mr. Chair. Well said! What we've seen so far from Republicans needs to be better. Much better if you want to govern. Help, please?
The fact that you pretend this new bill will do any good is infuriating.
Obamacare is failing because dogmatic Republicans fail to fix it.  To err is human, to really screw things up requires a Republican.
How about both parties work together to make a health bill acceptable across the aisle.  This isnt us vs them.
How big will your personal tax cut be? Where will you get health care?
Why even bother replying to these wrong-headed tweets? A staffer can't even be bothered to interact. Total one-way #communication #fakenews
You had 7 years to fix it, instead your party held meaningless votes to repeal over 50 times.  Now you guys don't even have a viable plan.
McConnell pulls your strings and your mouth spouts talking points. Grow a spine and represent the people of SD, not big $ donors.
AARP WANTS YOU TO LEAVE OT ALONE
consider this pro-business solution:
You're sadly mistaken.
quit misleading the good people of SD!! 8+ years & GOP version is worse. People over party
Your fix is tax cuts for the rich and taking coverages from widows and orphans??!!! #sad
John, you're not even right on the facts.
Only 12% of americans support trumpcare. Thune is do greedy he will kill millions just to get his tax cut. May this haunt u for life!
I get so tired of repulsicans saying how bad the ACA is and blaming democrats when all they do is,nothing!
Reps sabotaged obamacare and are causing the suffering. Thune is flat out lying. Don't believe a word he says. He wants tax cut for himself.
absolutely the FUCK not. Obamacare not the problem. GOP blocking the progress of providing Affordable Healthcare was and is.
Shame on you! Have you held a Townhall lately?!!
You did everything to sabotage it #GOPHealthcareIsMurder
I'm one of your constituents. I'm a registered democrat. I voted for you. I will regret that if you're going to act like a child.
If we systemically accounted for individual risk, we could eliminate the unaccountable health insurance risk arbitrage business model.
Then get to work, John. Try with actual reform and not a tax cut for wealthy. Seven years and this is the best you've got? Sad
Actually The mess was that it was just the first step and politicians owned by insurance companies and drug companies have stood in the way.
No @SenJohnThune don't stoop to the low of blaming a party for a mess. You're better than that- at least I thought so.
This isn't new behavior for our senior Senator. He's been doing this since day 1.
Sigh... you're sure something. I wonder if 2018 will open your eyes? We want DC to work. That means cooperation, not denigration. #charlatan
If it was bad, GOP had how many years to work with Dems to improve? But no! That would help America but not give GOP their talking points.
Man your cocky lying post truly enraged me. South Dakotans are terrified of losing coverage for pre-existing conditions and increased fees.
And you are playing it off like it's a game? A bit of political back and forth?
CBO says Rs are creating the fail of AHA.  AHA def needed tweaks as with any new venture. But #trumpmcconnelldeathbill  is horrendous.
Just remember if you help to put this death bill thru we will not forget when ppl are dying & ur up for reelection.
and in the mean time all it will put more money in millioniares pockets, including you john
The cynicism and disingenuity of your claim is shocking, Sir.
The people of South Dakota deserve better than your fraudulent "representation." You give the @GOP a bad name.
You lie just as badly as @SenToomey
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
and what have republicans done for the last 7 years?
Yeah, right. How do you say that with a straight face? 
The @GOP has been quietly sabotaging #ACA since trump took office. 
You are sick.
and your 'fix' is reprehensible. You've forgotten for whom you're supposed to be working. #Wealthcare is not the answer.
START OVER
Come to California and see success.

Why can't it be up to BOTH parties to fix it.  Work together.  Oh and have a town hall in Sioux Falls.
Or go to the poor counties in OUR state. Which is your state in case you forgot and explain to them how things work.
Three words. Risk corridor payments.
Best you can come up with is giant tax cut for rich and insurance for poor that deductible is >50% of annual income? Sad! @SenJohnThune
Start by telling the truth about Republican part in problems, and how BCRA will only hurt more people. You work for us.
Senator look at the polls.
No single payer health plan! Look at how many veterans Democrats murdered with the single payer health plan!
Are you referring to the VA or tricare
The epitome of a lying politician. The GOP has no shame distorting facts and hurting their own constituents.
They have had 7 years! #Failures
We know Obamacare is failing, republicans are sabotaging it. @GOP
Yup!
Wasn't "Obamacare" basically Romneycare?  That came from the Heritage Foundation...looks like you have your facts fucked up again.
