Senator, please stop with the feigned outrage. Merrick Garland should be in this seat and you know it
Remind me again why this seat has been open for over a year? Oh yeah, partisan politics. #SenateGames
That's the pot calling the kettle black. U sat on that 4 over a year because of politics. Garland deserved a vote. U & colleagues r asses.
so what are gong to do when the dem re in the majority and want a vert liberal judge it will happen and you will be unable to do anything
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing and a vote. This seat was stolen and will forever wear that stain!
Other than he's a constitutionalist and that that ideology is not functional in today's society? Times change & you have to change with it.
kind of like Merrick Garland?
Your quote above works for Garland perfectly. You, sir, a a hypocrite! Country over party!
Speaking of partisan politics, where was that attitude when you voted on that telecommunications bill 2 weeks ago (SJ Res 34 to be specific)
MAYBE maybe that you STOLE that seat and sometimes people don't like being STOLEN from-Time to stop and nominate Garland #2018
We will vote GOP out.
There was no reason--other than the most flagrant partisan politics--to block a vote on Merrick Garland, but you did it anyway.
What good would possibly come from this tweet? Does this help satisfy your donors?  "Hypocritical" is too mature to describe it.
And the whole Garland thing was what? U have zero cred.
Again where was this attitude anti-partisan attitude when Merrick Garland was nominated? Or does it only work when it suits what you want?
Shame on you
Generations of Americans, on both sides of the aisle, will suffer because of GOP 'nuclear option'. You have destroyed civility in politics.
Two words: Merrick Garland.
What about @potus being under investigation? GOP OWNS destroying the senate for Putin #deplorable #MerrickGarland
There was no reason - other than the most flagrant Republican unity - to NOT EVEN MEET with Obama's Supremely qualified selection! F. U!
How much money did you get paid to say this shit?
I told my dad, u know what u have going against u, ur a white male Anglo Saxon Protestant. U only wanted what was best for people+freedom.
What about the obstruction of Judge Garland? Did you disagree with that also?
You're not listening to the reasons, sir. And thus, you are failing as a duly elected rep of the people. Please listen.
not to mention the GOP refusal to have an up or down vote on the last supreme court nominee
What are you talking about...you & your cohorts are prime examples of partisan politics & I'm not impressed. Sad day for SD & our nation!!!!
Hypocrite.
Everything you and your colleagues say about the matter is applicable to Garland. But you all pretend that it didn't happen. Mock outrage.
Did you actually read this? What did republicans do when Merrick Garland was nominated? Short memory?!
Really? Garland deserved a vote. The election was excuse not reason; you had NO reason. Gorsuch = $ in politics, pro Citizens United.
Stolen seat, treasonous executive, plenty of reasons.
There wasn't one to block Obamas choice either but you did!!!! Hypocrisy. Next election hope you get replaced
You're talking about Merrick Garland, correct???
I believe that makes you a hypocrite. Remember @MerrickGarland_  Your own partisan politics leave you blind to #Gorsuch faults.
Why did you help block Garland's confirmation hearing? #LiarThune #HypocriteThune #UnelectThune
You set the standard when you denied Garland a hearing. So the nuclear option is fine when it benefits the GOP? You are a #hypocrite
Um no there was. When are you up for reelection?
Dump trump!!!
Huge reasons to block! He is not bipartisan! He is not above partisan politics!!!
Actually that's what happened to the last nominee.
Seriously. You could be better than this. Right now, a partisan hack. Sad.
You're referring to that juvenile crap you guys pulled with Merrick Garland, right? 
Embarrassing.
Kind of like Garland? Except this nominee was put up by a President under investigation for conspiring with a hostile government. #partisan
You're absolutely right - Judge Garland IS extremely qualified. What a shame that spite & partisanship blocked his nomination
Maybe because a President,  that is being investigated for TREASON,  shouldn't get to have a nomination? #impeach
Amazing you could appear on @NewsHour with a straight face and defend GOP blocking of Garland. You hypocrite.
Hypocrite - you can't have it both ways. MGarland was equally qualified. GOP has lost its soul
Seriously, how do you even swallow your own bs?
Living inside a bubble! Many Americans consider Mitch McConnell +Rep Senators as betrayers of American ideals! You will pay in next election
THERE IS ONE MORE REASON - THE HYPERBOLIC PARTISAN ACTION TAKEN AGAINST MERRICK GARLAND.  NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN.  YOU POISONED THE WELL.
THE VOTES YOU PEOPLE WILL NOT RECEIVE FOR RE-ELECTION NEXT TIME WILL BE STUNNING.
KISS YOUR SEAT GOODBYE.
THERE WAS A VERY GOOD REASON - HE WAS PURCHASED BY THE FEDERALIST SOCIETY TO UPHOLD THE AMERICAN OLIGARCHY.  AND NOW THAT IS WHAT HE WILL DO
No parallels here with #MerrickGarland eh? Your party ratcheted up obstructionism, you don't get to complain here. #TurnAboutIsFairPlay
