And your theft of the seat is shameful and unprecedented
Apparently your definition of unprecedented doesn't include ignoring President Obama's nomination last year.  #hypocrisy
Feckless pig! What about Merrick Garland? YOU WORK FOR US!
It's like you guys think we have no memory.  Everything you do is on the record.  Treat the American public with more respect.
Equally unprecedented: simply refusing to consider a nominee! #confirmgarland
Merrick. Garland. You people have no fucking shame.
That's why I DETEST politicians - You are a CORRUPT hypocrite who forgets what you and GOP traitors did to Garland.
Oh and Gorsuch likes to plagiarize things. Will he write his own his own briefs?
Merrick Garland
You cannot be serious. How can you be so reckless with our nation?
don't forget about GOP using nuclear option to confirm lower court justices..what's the difference?
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland,Merrick Garland. What goes around comes around.
so LAST year when the GOP Filibuster denied Merrick Garland a vote doesn't count...????
What actually was unprecedented was you refusing to even hold a hearing for Garland...stop being a hypocrite!
How about in our 230 year history, no party had ever completely blocked the nomination of a #SCOTUS justice-until your party did.#stolenseat
Yet last year you and the rest of the Republican senators refused to even hold a hearing for President Obama's SCOTUS nominee. #Hypocrites
Your obstruction of Garland under Obama was unprecedented, John. #ConfirmGarland
So was refusal to advise and consent on Garland, but #RepublicanAmnesia lets you forget that. No #SCOTUS while #POTUS under FBI watch!
After Merrick Garland what do you expect? It's only cute when you guys do it right? Are you getting that we aren't with you on this?
You denied Garland a hearing for a year with no constitutional reason. Now you want cooperation. Your hypocrisy is amazing. Filibuster now !
Filibusters should be done like in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Minority should be heard. 51 is all it should take to confirm.
One word: Garland. One phrase: Stop acting like a five-year-old just because your POTUS does.
No, it wasn't 230 years.  It was LAST YEAR you denied Merrick Garland an up or down vote. #GOPAmnesia
Refusing to hold a vote on Merrick Garland was unprecedented too but that didn't stop you.
You mean instead of the BS that the GOP pulled around 230 DAYS ago? Did you stretch before your mental gymnastics?
I'm backing the filibuster. #NoGorsuch.  Confirm Merrick Garland!!
it's been one year since republicans denied a nominee a vote...go nuclear and watch what Democrats do with your mistake
The seat should not be vacant right now
Correct: #GarlandGoesFirst or it's a #StolenSeat
Do you just enjoy being a blatant hypocrite or is it just an inherent quality? #MerrickGarland
My hope is SC holds until 2020 and a liberal justice retires then. As you know, a Pres no longer gets to appoint in final year of term.
Unprecedented. It seems that word doesn't mean what you think it means...
No respect for you. You are asking for cooperation after what you did to Obama's nominee Merrick Garland? Get lost.
Are you still going to be an outdoorsman when the air and water isn't clean?
Why do you and your goons all have orange faces?
The people so easily swayed by your lies are quick to turn their allegiance to the next fanatic. History will not be kind to men like you.
Following their fearless leaders MO. Throwing a tantrum when they don't get their way.
Bullocks John, you should be ashamed! GOP=Party over country.
Except for last year. You know, the Senate you were a part of.
You need only look back 1 yr. YOU & GOP denied Garland even courtesy hearing.  Unprecedented, indeed. 'Thou art a hypocrite! #holdthefloor
that's calling the kettle black.  Republicans can't play high ground here.
What you did w Garland is unprecedented- you are such hypocrites and GOP will falter & eventually fail
I agree. The way you Senator and the GOP treated Jorge Garland is unprecedented (or un-presidented if you wish).
It's your job to listen to us and WE DON'T WANT HIM!  it's amazingly simple.  Start job hunting, clown.
As unprecedented as refusing to vote on garland?  You're a liar and a hypocrite.  It's garland's seat and you're trying to steal it.
Yes he will.
How about no action on Garland?  Why shouldn't 60% confirmation be the requisite?
#NuclearOption = #ReidRule
11 months you blocked Obama's nominee without even giving him a hearing. Republicans have said no to everything for the last 8 years.
Complete disrespect to you for being so disingenuous. GOP obstructed Obama picks many times over years until no choice but to change rules.
Thank you for abiding by the Biden rule, and standing strong. I look forward to seeing Gorsuch confirmed this week. #MAGA
NO it's not. They didn't even give Garland a chance. Quit whining.
What about just ignoring the nominee completely and refusing to vote on him?   #MAGA #MerrickGarland #GoneButNotForgotten #DrainTheTrump
and what Republicans did last year! #Turntables #termlimits
These are not normal times. Past nominees were not chosen by a Russian plant.
don't be so obtuse. #stolenseat what's unprecedented is GOP obstruction and corruption.
how about refusing to hold hearing on a Supreme Court nominee?
Like what you guys did to Garland and not even ask for a hearing. Republicans stole this Supreme Court seat. Period! #StopGorsuch
No, it's not.
OMG with the damn Hypocrisy already. It's terrible what you did to Merrick Garland. This President is under FBI investigation!
So was not acknowledging Garland or holding any hearings for him. Now you want to change the rules to get your way. How predictable
Wow, one unprecedented act leads to another... who knew... just fn everyone whose ever followed procedures or precedents
by the way... Who else have you sold the people out to besides Internet service providers lately?
Kind of like when the GOP used a partisan hatred to prevent Merrick Garland's confirmation?
so is blocking one without a hearing.
FFS! Would you stop playing the partisan politics game? You must think we're all stupid and have forgotten what happened with Garland?
You should hold off on a Supreme Court confirmation until a legitimate @POTUS can be sworn in. Americans deserve to have a say, not Putin.
So is what you did to Merrick Garland.
What you did to Merrick Garland was unprecedented, if you want to play that game. Shame on the GOO.
Stop whining.
