My parents and grandparents won't be able to afford care. 22 million lose insurance. I would like you to plainly address preexisting cond.
GOP says it won't affect people with existing conditions, but that's not true. The state can have waivers. Please go into detail on waivers
What is their purpose if not to increase prices for people with preexisting conditions?
Also please tell me that someone realized how gross it is to make rape a pre-existing condition for women and removed it.
GoonTHune.. yeah Your GrifterPotus loves his name calling So well ALL do it ThunetheGoon?.. Lets DO this together #Magassole
this BILL is SOOOO bad your GollferGRifter POTUS doesnt push it..and HE LOves selling things like: Steak!! ! U R VOTED OUT #moron
Ur SD didnt take ACAMedicaid exp from FED.. so SD is failing.. this is HARD for those SD folks to figger out? Now U say "see".Sad or BAD!
How many amendments from Dems have been allowed in what should be a bipartisan effort? How many committee hearings?
U R the Party that fights 2 prevent ppl from buying same life saving drugs from other Countries that are unaffordable in USA, yeah U care.
It would be great to know what this means lifetime for a kid with cancer. @RCJournal @argusleader @keloland @PLalleyShow @ksfynews
Despicable.  I used to respect you.
South Dakota, VOTE HIM OUT! Thunes' #wealthcare will kill Americans faster than any foreign enemy could.
This health bill is the cruelest thing you have done since you've been in office. You need to vote NO so that less fortunate do not suffer.
You may be mad at me for this but you left me with no choice:
I hope this passes. It might be the only way for you and your 12 cohorts to lose your jobs. It will create such a mess!
For all?
This is a horrible bill.  Trump wants, above all else, for,the wealthy to,get a tax cut - he wants that for himself (& he didn't pay taxes)
Your better than this.
Thune The Goon... U are a mess like GrifterT.. Sad but hey soon U are OUT.. so line up that lobby Position at SteakTrumpInc.SAD
Please explain what dire consequences will happen if health care isn't passed "right now." I'm not voting Democrat no matter what.
This is a TAX CUT BILL you call healthcare.  If you vote yes to this, don't count on being relected-constituants will pay you a visit
Quit it. South Dakotans elected you to represent our best interests, not your own.  Senator Daschle says hello.
You laud elimination of indiv mandate. If someone chooses not to buy insurance, can  MDs and hospitals deny treatment if they can't pay?
That's okay. Without Medicaid, rural hospitals wont exist.  Who needs them in SD anyway, right?
Republicans r the ones that r letting Obamacare fail. Hurting people to get what u all want. People like the health bill they r on. Shame
ThuneGOON Trump and I both love NAME calling!! U voted FOR this MESS! get used to IT GOON!!! LOl SAd #Votedout
People regurgitate talking points like crazy,  when will poor people starting receiving their fair share based on what they put in
You R virtually a murderer Thune. You know damn well this bill lets ppl suffer and die including kids. The AMA & dozens like them opposes it
This post states affordable health care for ALL Americans.  I will hold you to that, or my sons medical bills will be on your desk.
Thank you for your hard work on this crucial issue!
You helped write this.  I hope your insurance covers Ambien, you will need it to sleep at night.
“The Senate draft health care bill is literally heartless,” American Heart Association CEO Nancy Brown said.  How do you respond to that?
He's a piece of shit. Pure and simple.
Making people's lives better means stop creating uncertainty that is scaring the ins co's away from the ACA market & then fix what's broken
In 1996 you chose to serve in order to make people’s lives better, not worse.  You know that this bill does the opposite for so many.
It's a monstrous bill, John. Shame on you and your cohorts.
Stop being such a feckless liar. These are tax cuts for the rich. PERIOD.
NO ONE BELIEVES YOUR LIES, JOHN
Mr Thune, are YOU going to be on this healthcare plan? If not, how dare you push this on America!!
You have obviously forgotten where you come from. Time to LISTEN to your constituents and stop letting your greed rule your decisions! SHAME
You are not rescuing anyone. You are taking away from the poorest and the most needy. You have no facts to back up your claims about ACA
Be a hero instead of a party guy. Help those who need help instead of those who want for nothing but more money and power.
After you vote for this bill will you walk away and honestly be able to say you have helped the people of your state have better lives
What will this bill do for you personally if you pass it? Get you votes, donations, party loyalty, a gold star from Trump.Will you feel good
Will this bill lower premiums for everyone? Will it lower the price of drugs or any health care. Will it help the working class taxpayer
If you are very wealthy and can afford insurance what does this bill do for you.
If you have been paying for health care for many years and not used it till you are seriously I'll and run over the cap, how will it help
If you are disabled and living on 12,000 a year before and need continual medical care, how will this bill help you.
If you are a parent who has a child born with birth defects and needs serious medical care, how will this health care act help you.
If you are a single parent making 30,000 yearly with two children, how will this health care act help you.
If you are a young couple with income of 50,000 yearly how will this health Care act affect you.
Why were there only men allowed to work on writing this bill in Secret???????
Why were there only men allowed to work on writing this bill in Secret???????  Step forward for the RICH
So premiums  and deductibles are going down for everyone? Pre ACA avg was 30%+ after ACA 20%. Who wins & Who loses. Be honest.
What lobbyists did you cater/talk to instead of South Dakotans when writing this in secrecy? Town hall soon? @bydanaferguson
how about lifetime caps on beeSt cancer survivors?
Why didn't you mention tax breaks for the wealthiest? Who and how many in SD are hurt? How are 55+ hurt? Pre-existing $?
Inviting fact checks. @bydanaferguson @PLalleyShow @keloland @RCJournal @Jvnord @ksfynews @pierremercer ACA can be fixed.
As long as you're not elderly, disabled or poor. I certainly hope your praying for them.
is this some kind of a mean joke ?
The ACA screwed Americans in several ways but had a few good ideas, keep the good and fix the bad.
No, it's not. It's robbing the poor to line the pockets of the already filthy rich. Do you still call yourself a Christian?
I know of only 1 person here in Sioux Falls who can afford health care.  The rest are doing without anything.  Appeal ObamaCare.
Oh my god you live in a bazaar'o world! You say all while cutting TENS OF BILLIONS from MEDICAID the largest health provider in the USA 
Good thing u are rich as your daughters will no longer have prenatal or maternity coverage. How do u justify that to them? Murderer!
Guess thune hasnt read it. It is worse thsn previous bill. Physicians hate it, hospitals hate it, we hate it. History will call u murderer.
This is just getting pathetic. Do you really think people are this dumb?
You are not fooling anyone. Disgraceful & greedy. Exploitation in the first degree.
As a human being, supposedly with a soul, how are you ok with taking Medicaid away from those in need?
You are pillaging the social safety net of millions of people.Yet you're pedaling it like it a honest document. You're going to muder people
While your pockets are lined by Big Pharma & lead by a slug like McConnell? SAD!
13 male non-experts did not, behind closed doors, design a patient-centered care bill. CEO-centered care, yes.
Let's vote him out!!! Start the rally's now!!!
Don't do it John  you know it is not right
.gov should not be in the "health care" business.  You are not doing anything about the COST!
Really how?
Wake up, Thune speaks comfortably about basketball and farm bills. All else is RNC talking points. AHCA is Putin-approved, obviously

Hope you are working with our POTUS on this.  Thank you for your effort.  Sioux Falls, SD
Careful, I see your nose growing when you say it's a step forward.

I can't even. If you believe any of this helps the people of South Dakota you should be glad your insurance still covers mental health
We want a health care bill now not later and want republicans to get it done not division
Obamacare is my family's lifeline. How is that a failure! How do you plan to explain this to your granddaughter? That you are heartless!
Quit lying!!Out and out cruelty to most Americans.I don't know how you sleep at night. You should be ashamed of yourself.#taxbreakfortherich
Nothing more than a tax break for the wealthy who paid you off to do their bidding. I'm amazed that you think we're so stupid. Sickening
Ass.
How can you truly believe anything you are saying? How much money have you received from health care industries?
Not affordable if you have a pre-existing condition or if you are an elderly person.
You and others keep saying ACA is failing, but you do nothing to fix it. You just keep saying it's failing with no justification or facts.
No it's not. It's a miserable excuse for health care. It's a tax give away for the rich and nothing for those who need it the most.
Such bull.  Please let me know when we all have the same kind of healthcare you & your family enjoy.
Patient-centered......riiiiight.  Partisan BS as usual.  I've always voted without  regard to party, but not anymore.  No R ever again.
Patient-centered? That is an absolute joke. People will die without coverage and you are taking coverage away from 23 million people
Why do it in secret and hold no public hearings.  This is not a political notch for you guys, this deals with human lives, American lives.
I agree, but did you say the same about ObamaCare? It was all a secret too
No one believes your lies. You are 100% lobbyist owned.
only thing it will do is too take away from seniors
Trumpcare is a huge tax cut for the rich, while killing the poor.  Ur lies are pathetic.
Wow delusional you are
Stop talking. All of you. Just fix it!
Affordable health care for rich people, while the rest of us die. Vote against the bill. South Dakota will remember what you do.
I would like to hear from you Senator, that you'll enroll in whatever you pass and live with it. If not then it's a pile of crap
different than the low life lying damn liberals. Get your Damn hands out of our health care!!!!!!!!!  And quit lying to us !!!!!
Dementia?
repeal Obamacare and you know it. You damn fools keep trying to sell us a load of crap. You stand there and lie to our face's. Your no
It's an un-Christian monstrosity designed to enrich your wealthy buddies & donors.
Neither #HealthCare nor #HealthInsurance are the provenance of the Federal Gov't.  Hey, the country's #bankrupt. #SouthDakota #CleanRepeal
Do you think you would have won reelection on these Medicaid cuts?! Not next time!
He probably plans to run for president so he doesn't care if we will vote. Koch bros and Trump lead him by the nose with greed.
Please give me examples. Please contact me directly, let's use MY ACA insurance policy as your example. I dare you. Sit down and let's work
Sure am glad your State voted in a Corporate weasel who hates his constituents.
Well unless you are older, poorer, have pre- existing condition, or really need insurance, then your screwed.
You should be honest and admit this is merely a cash grab in the form of tax cuts for the wealthy.
Shameful you were part of the 13 that wrote this it shows us in SD you don't care about the poor, disabled, elders or women. Only the 1%.
How is that?
cutting $$ for rural clinics means 0 care..medicaid cuts will = ER instead of primary Dr..all this loss for $50K tax cuts for millionaires?
No it isn't. It's a way to still have the government insinuated in the everyday lives of citizens. #repealobamacare #replaceMcConnell
If it raises premiums on people in their 50s and 60s you can expect a lot of GOP seats in Congress lost.
It's a mean heartless plan that will hurt our kids and elderly. Go after the lazy mountain drug addicts who don't work instead.
GET IT DONE! Absolutely no more vacations until it's done. Americans don't get that much time off. Neither should you.
'patient-centered, affordable health care for all Americans.'  Are you saying these words with a straight face?
Than u should go on it. We want what u g have
this draft is unacceptable! --- I am a former constituent.  Have family & friends w/wide array of pre-existing conditions. I fear 4 us all.
Please let regular Doctors and nurses living nightmare, not academia docs or anyone who's donated to a political party, in on discussions!
I cannot help but disagree. It is insurance company-centered, business-centered, and leaves the patient with poor options.
This bill is immoral.  I'd like to have a beer or coffee with you in Sioux Falls to explain.
He doesn't need anyone to explain it to him. He knows what it is. He just doesn't care.
This is simply not true. And what's worse is that you know it. This is a tax cut disguised as Health Care. You have no shame.
You can call it "patient-centered" all you want. It's not. You lie.
I'm extremely disappointed of all the lies coming out in those 42 secs. I also fear 4 my aging parents, 1 of whom has panc. cancer.
I don't believe that my diseases or transplant will be helped by this bill. It's clear I'm going back to the struggle of my SD youth.
"Healthcare"
