
I would pay politicians to go to Washington and pass nothing, when they attempt social engineering they make it much worse
I don't think very many regular people want tax cuts for billionaires and big corporations. I'd like to see infrastructure & help 4 Houston.
Why aren't you and your Senate colleagues working overtime to fix America's problems? 
6 weeks vacation really!!
Just cut taxes, close all the loopholes.  Bam! Easy!   Don't make it hard.  McPain won't like it.
Republican Tax Reform is CODE for taxing the middle class and billionaire welfare give aways
Words are worthless when you do nothing. Tossed funding request for GOP Senatorial elections since no ACA repeal
#TaxBreaks for stock owners and the rich hurts America
A $5 an hour raise for everyone making less than $75-80k yearly would spur more economic growth than tax cuts. By far!
Dumb. And then the cost of a cheese burger that the less fortunate consume goes up a buck
OK I just gave them a $40 a day raise... they can afford an extra dollar for their burger.
TAX CUTS DO NOT CREATE JOBS, DEMAND CREATES JOBS. GOP selling their snake oil again.
Lyin'Ryan's true reason for HUGE  PERMANENT TAX CUTS for wealthy is to FORCE CUTS TO SOCIAL SECUIRTY & MEDICARE when Fed gov can't pay bills
It also requires Senators with courage, and a spine
Screw this. Texas should be top priority.
The problem:  Congress and the White House collectively doesn't have the brain power to figure out how to properly do so.
Stop talking, eliminate filibuster rule go to 51% Senate vote, and get it done!
Talk is cheap and deeds are dear!
Get it Done!
Here's why the GOP is so hot for  their so called "Tax Reform" More money for donors.
If it's not competitive then how are we the world's strongest economy?
Would be a great idea to give more spending $ to families, remove tax dodges used by billionaires and corporations. 
We're still waiting.
Follow POTUS outline which is for the people and not the donors and I might agree.
No breaks for the 25 & 33% brackets.  6.9% cut for the 39.6% bracket! What tax exemptions will be cut?  Close loopholes for the rich.
It's not tax reform. It's tax cuts for the rich and corporations. We see you.
Shove your tax code, Comrade

But can the GOP Senate get it done?
Tax fraud?
On government subsidies! 
No taxable income=> they don't report cash income! 
Put people on subsidy to work! 
Doing something!
how must the displaced people in Texas feel when they hear that you are focusing on THIS?!?!?!??!
Please Senator get the Congress to do their jobs this is the worst ever swamp in my lifetime! Voters watching we want POTUS agenda!
How bout this? lets focus on the relief effort in Texas and Congress and Senate unite to assist here FIRST then move on to other things?
Get it Done or we'll get ALL incombemets done!
Yes, it does. But it also means not disproportionately taxing the poor, enriching the already-rich, and eliminating the safety net.
My ? Does congress know HOW the do it? Failed on healthcare
Your focus on #TaxReform remains ill timed while @realDonaldTrump continues endangering USA w/his #Dysfunctional, #Erratic behaviour...
I can crack that code. Tax cuts for those who need it least.
+1
Round Two of trying to make rich richer! 
Round #1 was Health Care.
STOP TALKING AND DO YOUR JOBS!
Tax abatement for corporations and very rich is not good for most of us. Stop hurting the poor. Stop lying to all of us.
Don't talk about it...JUST DO IT!
GOP YOU Own This #goptrump
By cutting tax rates for the wealthiest, I assume. Get off the Trumptrain, Thune.
"We the people" are tired of all the flapping of jaws and not getting results on tax reform/reduction. Get some results.
Exactly how much money will be added to the pockets of Americans making $12-$25 a hour? How about the wealthy? In percentages please.
Washington, I believe will never reform the tax code. It's their  way of paying favors or punishment. No way they will give up that power.
Tax repatriation holiday?  Will be used to buy back stock and raise CEO pay. Doesn't promote growth. Didn't when Bush tried it.
Do not trust RINOS they don't want reform they wand adjustments?? They lied to base on reform to get elected losers!
We want a simplified veto to Congress spending.
You obviously have no self-control or desire to be fiscally responsible.
You know of course that the Republican tax beliefs only work to give the rich more money and doesn't help the economy!! Been done!
I think you meant, reforming our outdated and noncompetitive tax code through the trickle down theory. You know cus that worked so well b4.
Crypto as currency instead of an equity would be Awesome:).
How much evidence of Trump campaign collusion with Russia do you need before you'll act?
Do your job Congress! Impeachment exists for a reason and the reason is Trump! #ImpeachTrump
Will new tax code benefit launderers of Russian money? Asking for a POTUS. 
Oh yeah and #ImpeachTrump
The plan would eliminate taxes on the foreign profits of U.S. corporations, giving them an incentive to move more jobs and profits offshore.
Congress has made tax laws and other laws that gave different treatment and rights to married people and unmarried peopl
Congressional inaction is responsible for the LGBT decision to move into the courts
Christians are not a social experiment for Congress to see if they can erase thousands of years of history.
Wrong, tax cuts for millionaires will not make more jobs.
I don't trust you to do the right thing anymore. Your cowardice regarding Pres Trump has ruined any goodwill or respect I had for you.
Same.
Maybe.  But you all REALLY have to stop refusing to collect taxes from businesses.  Giving rich people money does NOT help the economy.
The truly better way is a rising tide lifts all boats, increased GDP creates jobs, higher wages and pays down debt, Democrats get exposed.
Yeah that's right.  Cut all taxes like they did in Kansas.  That policy did GREAT for them!
It means screwing the average American while giving more money to the 1%. #liar

How many times a day do you think the 25th Amendment crosses through Mattis' mind https://twitter.com/topherchris/status/869322769976242176/video/1 …
