Prayers are great, DONATIONS ARE AWESOME! #Donate #RedCross #Blood
First thing you've said in a long time that I agree with
The @GOP 's now turned from obstructionist to traitors for failing to get Trump's nominees through & preventing him from recess appointments
#HurricaneHarvey
Trump went to TX to play politics  and  look good,boost his ratings or he wldn't sell his stupid hats for  $40. taking advantage. Impeach.
while trump sells hats for $40. the  past few days taking  advantage of TX. conflict of  interest/emoluments clause. Impeach this idiot.

When it comes time to rebuild, require that infrastructure projects be designed to withstand rising sea levels.
I pray you:
Repeal Obama-Care!
Balanced the Budget!
Build the Border Wall!
Pass Tax Reform/Reduction!
Or Repeal RINOs in 2018!
Get It Done!
Gosh GOP you didn't mention TAXES you really said TEXAS. For a moment I believed that you only had a one track mind vs broken record.NO CUTS
Meanwhile You are condoning the worst not elected person on the planet run the country into the ground! Cannot wait to see GOP crumble!
"Prayers" r all u filthy, America-hating fascists have. #GOP inflicted Twitler on us, hoping he'd help you steal more 4 the 1%. #GOPhatesUSA
And urge the President to get back into the Paris Accords. 50" of rain should be a wake up call for the man.
Nothing against the good people of Texas but according to GOP you had "access" to flood insurance what's the problem????
How many of you will vote against aid like you did with Sandy?
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepMaxineWaters @CNNPolitics This is why congress needed to improve #Obamacare . #HurricaneHarvey #FloodHouston
may be it is nessary to give money into hands abotu $1-2 th. @SpeakerRyan
Can we have an adult conversation about infrastructure and what Federal Tax dollars should be used for?Tax cuts are great, but at what cost?
Praying? Try going there and helping.
#thoughtsandprayers don't actually save lives. Taking action does.
True enough but not everyone can drop everything and go help. for some, praying is the best they can do
Politicians can and should do more than offer #thoughtsandprayers They have the means to take significant action. #idpol #houstonflood
So they do, trump is going to texas to survey the situation himself and plus i think the tweet was directed towards citizens
Also GOP legislators voted to deny emergency funding to NJ after Hurricane Sandy. Hypocrisy looks good on no one #houstonflood #idpol
Maybe DC pols shouldn't stuff disaster relief bills w/ multi-million$ allotments for Amtrak, fisheries, Smithsonian facilities,&fed vehicles
Pork barrel spending is a symptom of a larger problem and does not invalidate the points I made earlier #stopderailing #houstonflood #idpol
Well it wasn't hypocritical to vote down that Sandy bill that included more pork than relief; it was a cynical effort to exploit a tragedy

Hilarious, Evangelical Christians HELP Evangelical Texas,but Sandy's Jews, Catholics and Blacks in New York and New Jersey,cut their throats
If TX and Pres. can handle this disaster with finesse, Senate can get issues accomplished, taxes, etc. Drain swamp with McCain, Collins
With all these negative comments,  it amazes me y'all find the energy to live
so should be do this and ignore the email from @realDonaldTrump campaign team asking for donations in the middle of #HarveyFlood ?
You are a party that only UNdoes. You build nothing. You contribute nothing. You tear down other's work. And shill for the rich.
Why aren't members of congress down in Texas helping ? Too busy on vacation ?
Maybe you can ask celebrity pastor  @JoelOsteen to show this 45k members how to step up and give $$ and not prayers.
@KamalaHarris So you see we don't need your updates every 5 minutes.
Definitely pray for those people in the flood torn area in Texas
I always pray for Texans
Will Congress provide necessary funding for hurricane relief or fund the ridiculous unneeded Border Wall? @POTUS @CNN @nytimes @GOP @MSNBC

Felix
That's nice that you want to pray.

Too bad you cut flood insurance just a few days ago.
Where you been @SenateGOP has been on recess so how did they cut flood insurance
Do the senators of Texas want to make a comment on how they voted no for relief of past hurricanes and now expect funding themselves.
After praying, send donations to the Red Cross because they need help.
HELP THEM!!!!!!!! All talk!!!!!!
You are still supporting a mentally unstable, inept and corrupt CIC. Ergo, everything you say is BS until you wake up and smell the coffee.
Sure. And then tell 45 to spend money on sea walls not border walls.To not cut FEMA or the coast guard.  Then we might believe you mean this
Have @POTUS DONATE all proceeds from his not made in the USA caps to TX relief charities. HE's not getting reelected. #DonateDon
Because praying is so useful.
Maybe don't vote against federal aid for the victims this time. #hypocrisy
While Republicans pray, the rest of us will pitch in and help!
Take action, not praying.
Right in —Prayer is all they need!!
Texas needs more than prayers, GOP
Republicans didn't care much for Hurricane Sandy did they?
You Know that's a Lie and BS
