So what's taking so long on the repeal?
please don't follow party lines here. Do what's right.
according to who? When was the last time you paid an insurance premium. You are out of touch!
talk about the triple cut to disabled kids: SSDB, Medicaid, ACA. Monstrous. You sir, have been warned. Stay away from my kid.
GOP is failing to provide a better solution. Where are the resolutions that were promised?
would have loved to discuss alternatives during a town hall with your SD constituents/voters but you decided to not listen
let's fix it. You had 8 yrs to submit something better. Let's tweak it and make it better. Replacement not needed.
if there is money for a wall there is money for healthcare for all Americans!
you are sure motivating us to organize for the next election.
stop being a feckless fool. Fix it, tweak what doesn't work but stop grandstanding. How is your insurance working?????
I can see my Republican friends distancing themselves from the party. Time for GOP to stand up for what's right.
meanwhile the insurance execs top out on income; medical continues to overcharge
HSA won't help the poor afford health care. It's like giving us a fancy piggy bank if we have no money, there's none to put in
, why don't you hold several town halls across SD to hear our thoughts on the ACA?
yeah, it saved the lives of a bunch of poor people. Not your constituency, right?
worse for whom? Not the 20M who are now insured. Not for me. Oh, poor Aetna: 11B profit, too small for shareholders. Blood $.
affordable care act (not Obamacare - way to rile up your mindless followers) was designed by one of your own - Romney.
I suppose you are going to repeat the lie of the year that it calls for death camps
Providing 20 million more people with health insurance is worse? Odd that you consider healthcare access for more ppl "worse."
no it has not. Do you have a pre-existing.. condition I do. Millions of Americans have insurance due to this. Get educated!
how would you know?  You are to chicken to talk to your employers.
I'm from SoDak. I fear what this could mean for my neighbors and loved ones.
In the last 20 yrs, my premiums & deductible increased. Blame #ACA or #insurancecompanies How are your #PAC lined coffers?
Reply to @SenJohnThune B.S.  GOP made ACA worse.  GOP is sabotaging ACA.  GOP now owns healthcare.
You should hold a town hall meeting with constituents to see if that statement holds water.. Good luck with that
He's a coward!!!
not true. More people have coverage than ever before, don't have to worry about or existing conditions.
seriously????
what makes things worse are politicians like you who don't represent  the well being of the people. Coward.
say bruh, how bout some concrete ideas that will lower costs and ensure more people?
how can you lie so blatantly? Not everything should be a question of which party you belong to-what do your constituents need?
Utter nonsense, of course. How many South Dakotans will lose their health care under your feeble plan?
yeah, millions more people with coverage is awful.
I mistook you for a good man. You lack courage and leadership in a time when it is most needed. This is your legacy!
please schedule a town hall meeting to discuss.
repeal all the senators'  cushy health benefits first.  Why should poor & disadvantaged people sacrifice  first????
maybe if you would have met with constituents over the break, you would know how ACA has helped many.
20 million people have health care that didn't before. What's WORSE is a Congress with leaders like you that have done nothing
bc of ACA my sixty year old farmer father had health insurance for the first time. Don't take that away from him!!
My family wouldn't have healthcare without it. And now you plan to take it away again. You used to be a South Dakotan.
Obamacare is a godsend to me and my family but if you want to assure that we have single payer or the same plan YOU have-great
Tell us about the healthcare plan that you have that we pay for. Maybe we should repeal that.
Prior to the ACA people getting insurance for the 1st time were uprated, pre-existing were excluded or policies denied.
Only worse if you're a republican congressman!
hello I'd appreciate a quicker response to my message then I received when I asked you about Devos
than
So, you're going to support single payer health care? Simpler and everyone's covered.
It's estimated that 52 million people with pre-existing conditions will lose coverage with repeal. Why is this ok?
repeal and replace. Period.
the ACA is not perfect. But at the end of the day 20 mil people have healthcare they otherwise wouldn't have. Open to alts.
you are quite literally taking medicine away from children and still have the balls to call yourself "pro-life".  FU
made things worse?  Tell that to the people who couldn't get covered AT ALL before.  They disagree.
u didn't even recognize the problem until Dems decided to make it an issue.  #CONservativelogic
you should have the most detailed 100 point plan with specifics but instead you have NOTHING.  time to look for a new job.
8 minutes of saying why it's bad and 0 minutes saying what your plan is and why it's better.  We call your bluff.
Americans deserve a Medicare-for-all solution, just like Canad, Switzerland, Germany and every normal country.
SURE! B/C people with pre-existing conditions aren't being descriminated against & lifetime caps for insurance are no more...
what's your plan, big guy?  You've had SIX years!  You should have a fantastic plan but instead.......not shit.
Actually they had eight years. Great use of time by @GOP 
It’s your job to either replace it or own it. The election is over.
YOU CAN NEVER EVER EVER NEVER RUN HEALTHCARE AS A "FREE MARKET."  IT DOESN'T AND WILL NEVER FIT THAT MODEL.  NEVER.
HEALTHCARE IS OUT OF CONTROL ONLY BECAUSE THERE IS AN UNACCOUNTABLE MIDDLEMAN - THE "INSURANCE" INDUSTRY.  WE NEED ANALYSTS.
@CNNSitRoom PresObama 1st 2 successfully implement healthcare 4ALL despite GOP opposition Wonderful, caring, amazing endeavour
don't be so pig-headed and give credit where credit is due.
WE HAVE ONLY ONE WAY FORWARD.  8% OF ALL INCOME TAXED BECOMES OUR HEALTHCARE BUDGET. STATES RUN IT.  NO "INSURANCE."
U should really work 4 yr constituents. I bet they want to keep it. Don't u work for the people? Sure not acting like it
so work to make it better
you know how millions of us feel ? I will tell u, I like my ACA and never asked 4 it 2 be repealed. U work 4 yr constituents!
Your hate for a black man is blinding you. You are not listening to those that voted for you. Quit lying.
millions disagree with u! Have u not heard us @ town hall meetings? U know, the meetings u r running from u constituents!
Russian interference has made things worse #SpecialProsecutor #Trumprussia
You're trying so hard to ignore @realDonaldTrump conflicts and screw over millions of Americans. Who do you work for again?
We don't trust you, sir. We just don't.
How's it worse? What will be better? Why can't you guarantee people won't lose insurance? You just keep saying "trust me."
I disagree. But how about expanding medicare for all & fund with cap increase. Keep funds out of general budget.
Worse by giving 20 million people healthcare, by allowing people with pre-existing conditions and young people healthcare?
look how many people are unhappy with this Tweet of yours. Wake up cupcake!
What plan do you have? Can Americans have a plan like yours? Make sure you'rer taking care of SD residents, not your donators!
Keep talking about how qualified Gorsuch is while (R) had the same glowing comments about Garland and you obstructed
so, what's the plan? All we have heard is how bad it is, but nobody agrees with you. What's the plan? Share the details.
Republicans reneged on promise to reimburse insurance companies. Sabotaged the law. Take responsibility! #HypocriteThune #Liar
ACA isn't perfect, but #Americans deserve affordable insurance that doesn't discriminate against pre-existing conditions.
because of the ACA I can actually afford my health insurance
So what's your plan then? It's not like you guys have had six years to come up with one. I'm all ears.
you clowns have had two solid years and 50 attempts at repealing Ocare. You damn well better have something concrete
do you have a better plan, or nah?
ummm, no
