You have got to be kidding.Thank God someone is slowing him down. Trump is being funded by the Russians. Lock him up! #impeach
check w Hillary. Her Foundation made a bundle $$ signing off on the uranium sale to russia eventually to Iran
Nope. But if RW lies help you sleep better at night, who am I to tell you to believe the truth?
If you are upset, were you upset at colleagues in the past. Quit being so partisan and work for America @SenJohnThune
Dude.... You know how long it took Obama to get confirmations? And Bush... And 42 others? Do you even Google?
why should he google when he was sitting as a representative and a senator
So he's knowingly misleading us then? Or should we say, he's lying that Dems are causing an unreasonable delay?
so thune ok with incompetent corrupt cabinet? Party before people? We will remember this at next election.
@TrueCharter thank you Sir for speaking truth!
democrats are trying to ensure the cabinet is filled with qualified individuals.
Really @SenJohnThune ? Maybe make sure the current administration is TRANSPARENT & not corrupt. How about some leadership from SD's senator?
@mblapeer Stalling purposely. Republicans should do something about it. Problem-all of you know 2 much about ea other to act!
and yet, we are the ones that suffer.
furthermore we all know we're not stupid he has ties to Russia I think you need to get your Senators together and investigate
@POTUS says #runninglikeafineoiledmachinebaby
.@SenJohnThune Sir, one day less with some of these nominees is one day where our country is better off.  #resist
What's keeping the so-called president from having an administration is his own incompetence. Put country before party!
Odd as @SenSchumer thought this was a horrible play when Obama was President - Hypocrite! http://c-spanvideo.org/x6sbj/462/737 
.@SenJohnThune Actually, they might be saving the country from destruction #Flynnghazi #Resist #NoBanNoRaidsNoWall #TraitorInChief
THEY hear the people say NO to big oil, Wall Street, White Supremacy, religious intolerance, need I go on? #DEAFGOP
#sddeservesbetter Speak up for your state, investigate this administration's Russian ties, and do your job.
What are you smoking? Get your ass home for town halls for your constituents. NOW.
#unfit2lead
except when those nominees fail to disclose pertinent information during confirmation hearings which then create distractions
I for one am embarrassed by your statement. Please stand up for your constituents and not your party.
I'm so embarrassed that our senator just said that, you want to work for South Dakota Get together with the Democrats
it's not fully functioning for so many reasons. Stop blaming Dems. Also, were you in a coma during the last 8 yrs? #hypocrisy
Republicans are not helping anyone by appointing Russian spies to Cabinet positions.  YOU are responsible.  We won't forget.
yeah after that press conference are you serious how can we MoveOn when we have a president that is a pathological liar
You can't keep blaming the Democrats for your lack of action. Do some town halls, listen to your voters. Country before party.
the day after Michael Flynn resigns?  Seriously?
How can you even think of confirming a single appointee without knowing if they're another Russian spy?
GOP didn't help anyone by hamstringing SCOTUS for almost a year.  #Hypocrisy #ShutUpAndDeal
your agenda doesn't matter! WE THE PEOPLE WANT OVERSITE OF THE CUrrent president.  #fecklessfoolsofcongress
-DJT creating this chaos all by himself, and @GOP is fully enabling the disaster. Dems have no part in it except to derail it
He hasn't appointed anyone competent yet, i.e. Flynn!
You are not helping anyone by preventing the country from having a fully competent government.
No one cares what u say until independ. Investigations are carried out including taxes released! Want credibility,INVESTIGATE!
Agree demies r disfuntional
would u like some Cheese with your Whine?  #republicancongress #stopedeflecting #gettowork
So it's @TheDemocrats fault the @realDonaldTrump admin is a complete disaster and falling apart from within?
In the past the nominees were more qualified than what is being offered this time. #thinkaboutit
you call that swamp functioning?
while unthinking opposition does no good, the individuals picked by @realDonaldTrump won't make a fully functioning anything
Please remember we begged you to not support DeVos. You didn't listen. So disappointed in your leadership.
Wow, how massively ignorant must you be?
Totally right; they are not aiding or abetting. They R preventing further harm though. #RESIST
Liars, criminals and those who collaborate with foreign powers can never be fully functioning. #resist
John, where r the republicans, again? Where's the help? Nowhere to be found.  Not even a peep.  Talk to leadership.  Not us.
your a bright man... Put your country above your party PLEASE
and I think you know better
if the president doesn't choose qualified nominees it is the duty of the Senate to force the president to choose new ones
might be true senator but what about RUSSIA!!!!!!
P.S. A full investigation of this Russia shit is in order. IMMEDIATELY! And you know it! #flynngate
Respectfully Senator Thune, you have an extremely short memory.  Also, qualified candidates would be an awesome start. DeVos?
John you have the Majority given you by Americans wanting change so do it... get it done
@SenJackReed @jimlangevin @RepCicilline @SenWhitehouse Can u believe this jacka@s? Is this the new line?
What? You have the majority. There is always an excuse and laying of blame for GOP failures and messes.
Russia, Flynn, etc. GOP need 2 show ethics & morals...how many investigations in2 Benghazi & 0 on Trump/Russia/Divestitures?
really, you better separate yourself from this man because he's going down and pulling everybody down with
your REDMAP reign is coming to an end!
.@SenJohnThune That man is not capable of having a fully functioning anything.
Democrats?  Is Putin a Democrat, now?  He voted for your guy, comrade.  Cabinet members with conflicts of interest, maybe?
I swear to all that is holy that your level of hypocrisy is unprecedented- or "unpresidented" 
yeah, better to vote for incompetent nominees for "functioning government" (aka campaign donations to you)
Did you vote against having Trump's tax returns released as well? So, you're ok with collusion and treason? Good to know.

These incompetent hacks couldn't find their asses with both hands.
HHAHAHAHA
who are you helping by being bought out by @BetsyDeVos? You are a disappointment!
it is ADORABLE how the so-called party of personal responsibility fails to take any responsibility for its massive failure
You can't blame this shitshow on anyone but YOUR #SoCalledPresident, YOUR boss Mitch, the failed Paul Ryan, and yes John, you
So the Senate has been a model of productivity the past 2 years? Be a real leader, stand up and quit towing the party line.
Shush
Yeah, don't you hate it when one side plays politics with things like the Supreme Court?  SMH
shut yer yap!
GOP needs to investigate #45 and Russia.  Far more important than approving a cabinet. How deep is Trump in this? He lies!
you mean a functioning cesspool
and you are doing a fabulous job of maintaining division in my country's political system. You do nothing for S.D.!
you're a bad Murdo lawyer and a worthless congressman. Go away!
And you're not helping anyone, Senator, by denying the national security crisis this administration presents. #TheResistance
Really?!? Like the @GOP did such a great job working with @BarackObama
Really?
as a young, open-minded constituent in SD, I find this comment laughable. @POTUS admin is its own worst enemy. Join Sen Blunt!
just like the Republicans refused to have a hearing for Obama's last Supreme Court Justice?  Stop the blame game, sir.
Are you kidding me???? You obstruct for 8 years and have the nerve to say something this stupid? Shame!
are you kidding?When will you all be accountable?  Treasonous Republicans control everything! Blame yourself.
kind of sounds like the last 8 years.
senator with all due respect with @realDonaldTrump we will never have fully functioning government...you should run
@jim_fowlds  They don't care. When will you republicans learn to fight back?
Republicans could stop the nonsense, so what's your point?
how does it feel, selling your soul a little bit, every single day?
#nailedit
Let's be honest: the PRESIDENT is preventing the president from having a fully-functioning administration.
Still waiting on that Merrick Garland confirmation hearing. Pot call the kettle black much?
Twitter only allows me so many characters, so I must be succinct: you're a god damn hypocrite @SenJohnThune. And a jerk.
Y'all are and have been counterproductive for long enough. So we are going to vote you out.
You mean kind of like when Republicans didn't help by blocking @POTUS44 's right to appoint to the Supreme Court? #hypocrite
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. 

Bro, do you have amnesia?
THANK YOU SENATOR THUNE YOU FAIR UNDERSTANDING & CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA  HOPE THE DEMOCRATS FORWARD;
yeah that's the problem Not 3 close advisors & a Russophile Sec of State & incompetent press sec'ty & a counseled counselor
kinda like the republicans did to Obama, huh!?
well maybe the president should have thought of that before nominating incompetent, unethical and nazi sympathizing candidates
Open your eyes and defend the USA. You & the entire GOP will own this mess if you continue to enable the Russia supported WH.
If all his choices are as bad as DeVos, Sessions and Flynn, Thank god the Dems are fighting them.
Impeach Donald Trump Now
kinda like how the GOP would not even consider Obama's nomination for the Supreme Court?  Anything at all like that?
oh sweetie, that ship has sailed  #blessyourheart  (southern for he's not that bright)
well look what happened to the ones that got through?!? #MICHAELFLYNN
you had zero credibility before November.  Now your credibility is in negative numbers. NO ONE in SD buys your BS.
repub strategy of withholding senate hearing on Obama judicial nomination? partisan politics backfires-own it or don't do it.
The 45th is doing that himself by putting forth ppl that are uneducated, unethical, and ill-prepared. #OpenYourEyes
I just can't quite put my finger on it, but his approach sounds strangely familiar.
And that is some kind of revelation????
This coming from a party that stonewalled a President's SCOTUS nominee for the first time ever. You funny, Sen Thune.
you mean like the @GOP did with Obama? April 25 was his full cabinet
YOU get it together & DO THE RIGHT THING-reach across the aisle NOW & fix this mess. It's up to you & we are ALL watching.
Thank God for the Democrats and the few Republicans that realize what a treasonous mess we're in with this Administration.
"A fully functioning administration" of Russian spies, nazis & his corrupt family? You need to wake up Senator,WE already have
you say this on the day one of those that HAVE been brought in was let go for being a security risk involved with Russia!!
Republicans complaining about obstructionism has to be THE most hilarious thing I have heard today. #resist #ImpeachTrumpParty
they know exactly what they are doing. The people continue to allow this crap. It always takes a catastrophe-not a spillway
by "fully functioning" do you mean stocked with wall street and Russian cronies?
The president and GOP are doing just fine making functional government impossible! Impeach Trump and get some morals.
So annoying, isn't it, when the sheep don't follow?
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia YOU fucking idiot
@JamesFlashTrump then tell wimpy R's to stop letting Dems run the show - useless!!

We are helping preserve our country. Sorry if that doesn't help YOU.
.@SenJohnThune Trump isn't helping anyone by continuing to hire incompetents and liars.
Democrats are not helping anyone by preventing the president from having a fully functioning administration. 
Maybe bcuz the only qualifications his appointees have is they bought them.

JUST IN: Sources tell NBC News that VP Pence was informed of DOJ warning about Flynn 11 days after White House and Pres. Trump knew
Sir, your party has allowed sub standard candidates with questionable ethics & qualifications to come forward. How could you?
after how you spent the past 8 years, do you have ANY idea how ridiculous you sound? #unfit2lead
well "fully functioning" went out the window on about November 8th
It would help 2 have a fully functioning AMERICAN president. #StopTheGaslighting #StopWHLies #PutinsPuppet
Perhaps another senator to get voted out when he comes up for reelection? Country before party not the other way around. 
take a note from @SenJohnMcCain and actually put your country ahead of your own ambitions.
are you fucking high?
@realDonaldTrump is the one preventing the function of the administration, you're ok with treason?! SD is ok with treason?
@twright55 It's disgusting behavior 
They need their heads examined
@POTUS stay w your 100 day plan
the more you align yourself with trump the less I like you and I'm not the only one.
Perhaps if the President chose candidates with that are not antithetical to the departments they are to lead...
umm, sure. But @realDonaldTrump picked a bunch a know nothing's to run the govt. Thats the diff.
Are you kidding? When they are confirmed they won't be fully functioning.
You've got to be kidding! Administration is a bunch of unqualified, selfish billionaires who have no business serving US.
The dems are extreme vetting. Isn't that a good thing?
WE need these people vetted better. There is a lot of incompetence being rubber stamped! Wealth doesn't equate to experience!
Because all his nominations are swampy, slimy nominations. You sir included.
Perhaps it is because no other incoming presidents were Russian traitors and had criminals in their cabinet.
Senator, you damn well know this administration's dysfunction has NOTHING TO DO with Democrats.
Why would they? Look at where Trump's allegiance lies. You cannot trust this administration ever again. You should be outraged
Who's government? Ours or Putin's?
A fully corrupt administration, you mean?
Get used to it, we're just getting  started #RussianSpy
@Grandma_Shelia @SenJohnThune nah we are supposed to just sit quietly while they hand the country over.
That's what they're hoping for
The main person responsible for the absence of a fully functioning administration is Donald J Trump. #AmericanCarnage
Congress must fully vet all cabinet nominees.  Do you not see the problems going on?  Or are you just being blind to the truth
I am grateful for the dems slowing down the insanity of billionaires andThe Putin Puppet Show being sworn in. Stop pretending
@POTUS  LOL if you think "functioning" describes this administration.  How about you get some answers on Russia?
for good fucking reasons!! The pics are lunacy.
how long did it take for you all to approve any of Obama's appointments?
