DOWN? DID YOU REALLY JUST UTTER BURN IT DOWN??? IM JUST GOING TO LEAVE THIS HERE FOR YOU, SLIMY SCUM OF THE EARTH YOU ALL ARE
in 12 months #karma
you just make up the rules as you go along! Your party is burning this country to the ground! Keep bending over for trump!
you've list my vote. You've become a shill for arguably our worst president and for sure least popular.
I meant "lost" my vote, however unless you give Merrick Garland a chance I'm making sure you lose a lot more votes than that.
Why didn't this vacancy get filled during the previous administration?
He's anti women's choice & we will not accept him. #IStandWithPP #StopGorsuch #IDefy
I hope he gets same consideration as garland. Now get behind McConnell and smile that's your job sheep
I have a child with autism, how could you agree with Gorsuch's interpretation of IDEA?
how can you stand there and take the Dems to task when you did the same thing for years and kept a justice out? Shame on you.
- Which justice was kept out for years? Clinton got 2, Obama got 2. Garland's was election yr and Dems would have done the same
so you are admitting it is a stolen appointment and your logic is that the other side "would have" done the same...
of course "stolen" is inflammatory language that's intended to rile up opposition. Call it what you want it wasn't unexpected
no

What a nightmare.
If you want to destroy all the progress we have made, he sure is!  #voteNO #WomensMarch
@SenateGOP wishful thinking. The Ghost of Merrick Garland Past will visit you all soon.
I hope so bc we are getting kinda of tired the way the Dems are acting.
Sit tight. It should take around 341 days, the same time period between 2/14/16 and 1/19/17.
Sir @SenJohnThune, was not #MerrickGarland qualified in all the same ways for #SCOTUS? Your words fall short after GOP obstructed the RoL.
Country first. 500,000 and growing every day. Impeach narcissist trump.
I don't agree with you...Either does your conscience
Here in SD, we are watching and taking notes.  Be careful of which side of history you'd like to fall.
you weasels better start showing some spine,looking for the exit at first chance like your buddies mcain&Gram isn't going 2fly
or you could negotiate with the other side to create bipartisan support on multiple issues and other nominations underway.
@SenatorRounds good pick, I think. trust he will uphold the Constitution? (something that a certain P. is having trouble with)
You and your ilk make me sad. Put partisan politics aside and do the job you were elected to do. #RepresentThePeople
@ginos0 so was Garland and not even a hearing. Rep. Set The ton.
Blame Biden:
you look like a zombie
he's a robot. Trump's little Stepford Senator.
Respect!
SPOT ON JOHN! Wish you could be Minnesota's senator too!
I look forward to you confirming all of the @POTUS picks bc that's why I vote for you. 
U certainly haven't helped me w the VA
going to vote you out. Oh wait that was this year and I didn't vote is what these comments should read.
@SenateGOP Do it was ok to stonewall Obama's nominee, but you're going to approve this one. You had better vote No.Gorduch, NO
republicans started this hold up and now I hope democrats continue it. This was Obama's seat to appoint not turmp's.
@SenateGOP You will not be re-elected if you chose this man. Resistance is keeping a list. You might want to rethink this.
Thank you for your service!!!
@SenateGOP I don't know when your term ends but you chose him and you will not be re-elected. Your name added to the list. 1
NUCLEAR OPTION IF YOU MUST! GREAT CHOICE!  
I love hypocrisy
you betrayed SD by your comments against our President and halt to migration and refugee resettlement.Disgraceful
oh no...I hadn't heard that.
And we look forward to voting you out of office!
@SenateGOP you should be embarrassed & ashamed for not hearing #MerrickGarland for SCOTUS
If nine is so important, why repubs tantrum and fillibuster Pres Obama's choice?
we shouldn't give time to be vetted and people to speak until the new president comes in 4 years??
for your party desires but not for all the people! Not a good record for women.
I see what you did there, cute. "Without delay"  #merrickgarland
America is watching... Resistance will be done by obstructionist... election is over ..unite USA
bullshit
All three branches of government are now one party.  This is bad for the US.
@SenateGOP An 18 month delay feels an appropriate time period for this rose winner. #RememberMERRICKGARLAND #PuppetPresident
Merrick Garland was an outstanding choice as well.  Why was he not extended this same courtesy?  #obstructionist
@SenateGOP won't happen. The liberal socialist dems will continue to outsmart y'all! RNC needs start looking for a new breed.
Eric Garland and democracy was robbed.
@SenateGOP You denied Garland a vote, now @TheDemocrats will filibuster yours. Payback's a bitch ain't it? #Resist #SCOTUS
@SenateGOP  smoke another blunt buddy
and #indivisible looks forward to voting you out of office.
never going to happen in #SouthDakota #Democrats have to drag any individual with any life to oppose @SenJohnThune
you appear to be trolling this evening.
@SenateGOP "without delay" is a bit aspirational
OHHHHHHH  There will be a delay for sure.
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan , @HouseGOP, @SenateGOP  

 Thank You GOP for #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
Traitors!
Cool, confirm Merrick Garland first and then we can chat re: Gorsuch
so is Merrick Garland, you cumrag
wonderfully said....as President Trump stated he is "beyond reproach..."
