Dont you mean "we the white people"?Says something about u when you confirm racist for Atty Gen. Means u are racist as well
Don't you wish you'd held out for more $$ from DeVos? Sold out our kids for a measly 8 grand.
you are a disappointment and betray your family's American values. The nihilism of the GOP undermines American democracy
please do not vote in Tom Price, an unethical nominee who has benefited from insider trading with healthcare related stocks.
Still believe this? Is Russia included in We, the People?
are you insane??
I guess it is 'we the people' if you are white
You should be ashamed Senator, putting party over country with this bigoted selection.
unless your black,Mexican,Latino, female. If your a white male your good.
Two years before SD voted him out someone else enjoyed 62% approval ratings. (8/29/02 KELOLAND poll) Tom Daschle says Hello.
while I applaud your vote for Gorsuch, I am in disbelief that you would support a racist, why?  Please stand for your SD Roots
You mean a defender of 'we the white people' right?
Sessions is not a defender of human rights. He intimated black people in voter fraud. How does it feel to sell your soul?
you have got to be kidding! This racist is probably one of the worst choices.
Someone loves you
yikes!
Just an fyi, in case you're wondering. Consider yourself implicated in this whole Russia mess.
He is openly racist and you supporting him is supporting his bigotry. Disappointing.
Well, if you are a White Christian billionaire, sure. Yes to DeVos and to silencing Warren.  #Neverthelessshepersisted
sometimes omissions under cut "we the people".  Shame on Jeff Sessions
which is why he started out with a HUGE lie about rising crime rates? WE are at a 59 year low...
by 'we the people' you must mean white people. Sessions has a disturbing track record of racism. Party over people yet again.
So, mark you down as 'I agree with David Duke'?
a defender of rich white men. Not the people.
Too racist for Jesse Helms. We have confirmed today that you are a white suprememacist
you are better than this.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
great job making a decision for yourself based on your own experience and what you thought best for country over party. Kudos
@SenatorSessions too racist for 1980s @GOP, Perfect racist for @SenateGOP of 2017. We've come a long way! #resist
unless you're black or another minority group, LGTB, female. @jeffsessions has only defended the patriarch. #persist
grow a pair
#MAGA the whole "everyone that isn't a Democrat" is a racist bullshit is beyond old. Grow up babies
so being a bigot is the type of person we want this position?
And this is why this Madison, SD registered woman voter will NOT vote for you when you are up for re-election.  Stupid mistake
joke?
@ You are a rep of SD. This vote did NOT represent SD. You are OUR voice, not your own. Remember who you work for.
I'm in SD, and thank you Senator for giving us a voice. We the regular people approve
Now we have a Ed Sec who won't fight sexual abuse & a AG who doesn't know what it is.
Thank you for supporting Sessions he will treat all fairly and return the blindfold to lady Justice.

.@justdreamin91 @SorenJnaii1 Absolutely

Here is the #StarfleetVerified script for the #PriceIsWrong phone call

…
An ardent defender of We the White People, you mean. You sicken me. You're a bought and paid for stooge. I vote: you're done
