#MSM has warped us...no other way to see it.....people quote MOVIES and TV shows when they give LIFE EXAMPLES! SERIOUSLY???
Made up stuff from the mind or minds of G-d knows who with VISUALS which are EXTREMELY POWERFUL...
Got to break the spell or peeps will be really dumb!
First amendment protects your right to say it, not from the consequences of doing so. 

Your daughter was amazing, and graceful last night.
As they say, people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones-when you're ugly inside & out like @michelleisawolf, your house is shattered
That hurts my eyes.

This is MAGA-Compliant™ too!
Those people are the 65+ million people gave hillary the popular vote 

Now quit your crying
uh, oh:
No problem I didn’t know you had a show.... LUCKY ME
I kept waiting ..no... hoping Sarah would stand up n bonk Wolf on the head. I know she's too lady like to do that..but dang Wolf was nasty n vile..and I don't care who you are. She did not deserve that..Wolf was a real bully. Give Sarah a big hug from We The People. We love her.
I hope @POTUS crashes the press briefing tomorrow & schools the press on personal attacks on @PressSec or any other member of the Administration. Criticism of Policy is fair& expected- criticism of personalities & personal traits is not.
Classless, trashy, bottom feeders.#sarahisbeautiful #WHCPdinner ##WHCPshouldapologize
Sir, you are so right about this! ( I am a fellow Arkansan, sir )


That is definitely NOT what our founding fathers meant by freedom of speech!  Pure evil against humanity is what that was.
You're right: Trump's hate rally in Michigan was vile and disgusting.
That was no hate rally.......if that's what you got from that- maybe an English comprehension course is in order.
What do you call it slick?  A "Let's stop dividing the country" rally?  How about an "I didn't do anything wrong" rally, or better yet, a "Let's attack the big bad media" rally??  Please, do bless us with your take.
What he said was true. End of story.
Oh, okay.  Go play somewhere else.  We're informed here.
Clearly not as a blind man could see the positive changes so far & who has actually been trying to prevent them.
Please list the "Positive" changes you see.
You bullied Michelle Obama. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Do you FUCKING HEAR THAT @realDonaldTrump 

Mike Huckabee HAS SPOKEN !!!!

@POTUS
@WhiteHouse

#MAGA ... don't bully people or make-up jokes that #Trump voters don't understand and misconstrue as insults.

Sarah uses make-up made from ashes of the truth she burns at the daily PB
AMEN!
God Bless your wonderful daughter for sitting through that OFFAL . I would not have blamed her one bit if she had walked out . OBAMA actually deserves what she got .MAGA
Name calling, body shamming and degrading women are OK when a Democrat does it to a Republican. @PressSec is a class act. Let them enjoy their moment because this hit job will hurt them in the end. I can't believe a level headed woman could support this attack.
Gee for a moment there I thought you were referring to the Liar-in-Chief and his lying press secretary. Silly me. Yet I don't remember your being offended by POTUS" bullying rants. Maybe you were tone-deaf at those opportune moments like last night in Wash. MI. #hypocritemike


Do you read your own Twitter Feed? Or do you really need a popsicle and some playdough? Maybe a pony?
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations”
Republicans:
— “Michelle Wolf was over the top”
@thegr8juan_2 block me because him don’t like the truth
Good God is English your first language? If not, my apologies.
Don't be sorry. English is his first language

Classy , NOT
yet funny

considering all the shit Trump says and does to demean men and women, deal w it.
take Mike's advice
Sence of humor or just plain bullying?
Trump made bullying acceptable.
For a POTUS and a Press Sec who is so fond of saying when the POTUS gets hit, he hits back harder, this is such hypocrisy. POTUS and @PressSec set the tone for this dialogue. They have to own it. Red Snowflakes fall fast today.

"Bullying?" .
Bullying and lyin are the worse, you are right Reverence Huck..."How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones" - DJT
Do you say the same every time Trump opens his mouth to bully someone he doesn't like or to tweet it? And it's not bullying to point out facts about your daughter lol
You basically described @realDonaldTrump down to the tee.
Shows your brainwashing level. Trump will give it back to someone, but he's not been racist or hateful or bigoted in the things he's said.
You must be in the entertainment field. 

It must have been me who “brainwashed” people into believing Mexico will pay for a wall, tax cuts, saving the coal industry, Ford jobs. Shall I go on?
Your point? 
He's accomplished some & fighting the Democratic & RINO Congress to get many other things done.
In one way or another - even if it means they have to support their own lawbreakers instead of us - Mexico will be paying for the Wall.
By your logic, look over the lies and believe more lies. 

Got it.
Well- that makes no sense. It's not a lie if it's showing to be true.
As a reminder to what you recently suggested, I’ll repost your own message to help you and your daughter get through this difficult time
Have never seen Gov Huckabee insult a person's weight, etc. And esp a woman against a woman! More hypocritical bs from the Left! There were no jokes in what she was spewing. Pure nastiness/hate
What's wrong with ribbing Sarah about going for the jugular of CNN or some such thing?

One - they're not at a formal WH dinner supposedly inclusive of a little class. 
Two - Sarah Huckabee has only treated the Press with patience & politeness.
Three - Two wrongs don't make a right esp regarding someone undeserving of such criticism - personal insults.
If the Tee shirt message is directed toward me - I just consider the source of who's issuing it..
Pretty sad when the message that Conservatives and Trump supporters have so proudly paraded is used against them and then they cry foul when the tables are turned.
Two people wearing those shirts so it's Trump supporters' message. Ha!
She was hilarious. More importantly, she was correct.
Guv. It is free speech. Period. 
If not,  it is not free speech.

Save your accountable speech for Secretary Pruit at al
When will your daughter be held accountable for her daily lies???
People wonder what makes a young person crazed enough to shoot others. Often, it begins with being bullied over and over again starting at a young age. When we witness this same bullying by adults we should all speak out against this! It’s never “funny!”
You should be so proud of your daughter.  She truly is the best.
U sure have some LOW standards there. So I guess U R OK that she teaches her children 2 LIE, cause that’s what mommy does for a living. OOPS!
vs you yesterday?
Love you and your daughter, who so full of grace- what most of us would want ours to grow up to be !!! (Not mean-spirited file and vulgar ) Dark Hates the Light!!!
IT STARTED WITH “YOUR “ PRESIDENT! 
So sorry about Sarah. She is a sweet lady and courageous.  She is the best for the White House Press. God's Blessings on her, you and all your family. Thank you for helping POTUS.
What she got from the WHCD she deserved. Every. Single. Word.
What’s your take on this Mike??? I’ll wait...
Every bit is true. NASCAR has what they call “pitlizards” musicians have “groupies” all rich famous people have women falling all over them in hopes they’ll snag a sugar daddy
Hey Dorothy,What do you call all those women at stage door for concerts? Gold diggers that throw themselves at any rich man or woman! Were you just as offended when Obama was showing off his erection to a plane full of women reporters who wanted everyone get out of way to see it?

In one Tweet, you've managed to convey how a child picks up the undesirable DNA from a parent.

"Sad!"

     
You gotta take the heat in the public sphere. Your daughter is an icon. She’s a player in this game. A true stalwart warrior.
Huckabee, YOU are the reason Sarah is such an a$$clown!!
Like Trump is held accountable for his lies and caustic remarks?
A TRUE HYPOCRITE at his LOWEST. Go back 2 the back country of AR & for UR soul’s sake ask Gods forgiveness for UR STUPIDITY & LYING. Jesus is crying for U. So SAD & PATHETIC. Go home & just shut up. U have taught UR daughter wrong. She needs 2 own that 2. What a lack of FAITH.
You mean like liar-in-chief?
Lol thanks for defending bigotry and bulling. We see where YOUR alliance lies.
Nothing about Trump though, right? 

Just, "lay off my horrible lying daughter"? 

Who we all know is a rotten, evil person who chose to lie for the President and by all rights should be breaking rocks beside him in SuperMAX, right? 

You're sure you're not mad at those two?
You of all should know about it. You work with trump.

@ShannonRayette #EndWHCD
That was not a roast.
“Fly with Christ”.. right
And thank you for creeping on my profile ;) glad to see you're concerned and didn't have a come back 
I don’t just rando my tweet all day, I actually look at whose commenting..  and reply to you name calling instead having a civil conversation? Nah
Random tweet ? Lmao and na , you're a trump supporter, there is no rational conversation you can have because your views are already irrational because you support a irrational human being , stay woke my friend 
Back at ya!
Every Decent American LOVES your daughter!
No we don’t
Decent, I realize your group doesn't have a clue what that means.
My group?  Like who — Dads? Chicago Northsiders?  Right handed people? Husbands? Bike riders?  Dog owners?  

Please teach me more about me.
Why don't you help clean up your city, then get back to me.
Yes.  Lots is disparity and violence here.  Lots of hopelessness and forearms from neighboring states.  But lots of good people doing their best too.  I try and stay active and contribute where I can.  Thanks for thinking about us.  Are things good where you live?
Firearms.  Sorry.  Bad typist.
Excellent, more jobs than people.
That’s right, Governor Anti-Christ, people are SO tired of your daughter lying to us every time she opens her hole and she needs to be held accountable. She, and you, will be held accountable for supporting a treason-weasel for the rest of your lives, and then after by your maker
Including potus? I’m sure you think there should be an exception for him. As for your disgusting daughter,you said there’d be consequences if,the atttacks on her don’t cease. What are you going to do,send the other disgusting dog killing kid to kill the dogs of @PressSec critics?
Bullies come in all sizes. How can those who condemn Bullying do this to others? It’s despicable, childish & lost all credibility! Sarah looked Beautiful & an epitome of Class!
There is a day when we are judged by our actions. Not apologizing to Sandra will not bode well IMHO
As a trump supporter your hypocrisy is yuuuuge.
Look up tasteless & classless & you’d see a pic of yourself. You’re a laughing stock
Need some playdough, man? Or maybe a pony or something to make you feel better?
"People should feel free to speak, but held accountable for it." Like your daughter's boss? He lies relentlessly, do you hold him accountable?
You don't hold Trump accountable. You think comedians should be held to higher standards than presidents?
Forget all the stuff that was ugly. She was just not funny. That's the greatest sin a comedian can commit. It wasn't anywhere near good or professional. I know I've been in the business 30 years
You mean like our current Bully-in-Chief?
Mike I can't believe that Sarah Huckabee Sanders is from Arkansas an don't kick that girls but in front of god an everybody stand an fight she turned the other check to meny Times
BULL

BOBBY!! Yes so perfect!
I care nothing about watching it but I have zero doubt what you are saying is 100% true. Everybody knows the lefts love not hate drivel is nothing but complete BS because they do nothing but push hate. As an Independent the left has completely lost me at this point.
Question for you.  Not saying I agree or disagree with the roast last night, but do you feel the same outrage when POTUS insults people & calls them names?  The problem we have right now (imho) is each side wants to occupy the moral high ground & both are failing miserably.
I have called out Trump many times for different things like when he attacked John McCain. The difference is that Democrats love to claim to be the party of tolerance but the actual truth is that they will hatefully attack anyone they disagree with.
Also in my opinion when all things are considered the left is way more hateful with their attacks than Trump is with his usually silly verbal jabs.
& my larger point still stands.  No one on either side sadly can claim the moral high ground.  BTW...the person u responded to is one of the worst offenders.  U still my man though!
Oh I agree with you 100% that neither one can take the high ground. The media though does like to hammer the right if they attack but when the left does it they just turn a blind eye to it or even promote it a lot of times. Anyway it’s all good like you said. 
I hear you, but the media today has been piling on a bit on the comedian from last night.  I think it’s because she roasted them as well & basically called them complicit as the entire thing helps them sale stories/books/subscriptions/etc.  she’s not wrong.
About that:
Yip that B a Spankie Trump supporters IQ. Or the number of words they can say without it being nothing but 
Freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequence. If she lost he WH credentials it would be completely appropriate.
She's not a journalist. She's a comedian.
Then she’s not funny.
Watching Sarah get hit with truth bombs was the BEST thing ever!! Trump should be thanking her for taking one for the team!!
It sure was. Turning millions of people off to the Democratic Party will be freakin awesome for you!
Even the Kardashian’s are starting to back Trump. You may be on the wrong side of history.
Hahahaha! You clearly have no grasp of what that phrase means. It does not mean losers in some game of who is more popular.
No it means he is doing things that no one before  him could. The Korean War has ended after 60 years! That is the right side of history. We are securing our borders, the right side of history. We are cutting taxes, the right side of history. We are supporting our military...
Mmmkay
Classy Steve !
Exactly--these two are not typical examples of Trump supporters...in facct, makes me suspicious! I thought that monologue was sick...and for me, it was as much about the abortion comments as about Sarah.
Your hypocrisy is disgusting. These are all proud trump supporters at actual trump rallies. You can keep your denial. The rest of us normal, proud Americans know better.
Not my crowd. Am surprised you were in their company...
Yet you sit back and allow trump to do it
So what accountability is there for Sarah lying daily to cover a criminal in chief?
Your daughter stands up almost every day and either reads the lies from tRump, or lies to reporters in her unscripted answers. The JOKE about her last night was about her LIES not her appearance. So let’s Stone your daughter and hold her accountable!
Hi, remember that time your son killed a dog for fun?
Some time after his son killed that dog.
Ohhhhhhhhhh!!! *Mic drop
Woof Woof..
Lighten up, Francis.


Oh please. So SHS wears smoky eyeshadow and she lies because that's her job-it's not like we didn't know this already. Get over it.
Does that accountability include your daughter's frequent lies on behalf of our bully president? #whcd #hypocrisy @SarahHuckabee
The same people condemning Michelle Wolf are the same people who cheer every vulgar, misogynistic word that comes out of President McTransfat on a daily basis
You're full of shit Mike.
Poor little Mikey Wikey.
His president is a bullying, bigoted, racist who spouts bile every day.
But don't call out his little girl for lying constantly about her dear leader.

Where was your outrage when this happened?  I heard nothing from you.  Sad.
You should be saying this to Trump
You should have started by giving classes of Moral & respect to 45..! 

Hypocrite much?!
https://www.facebook.com/NoPresidentTrump/posts/1319899994820884 …
You daughter, with her better than thou attitude, lies to the public for a vile man daily, who’s rhetoric is not comedy, but intended to bully.  She’s any better?  Absolutely not, it’s worse and intended to lie to America.
You might advise the president of that, Mikey. Your daughter, too.
Where's your pony?
You're talking about trump. This is who he's been for decades.
If you're talking about your daughter, she's a sniveling liar, couldn't tell the truth to save her own life. 
You're part of the problem, Huckabee. The solution is for all of you to leave.
Excuse me sir. But you can’t have it both ways! The woman was hired for what she specifically did! Her job was to Roast them! She is a comedienne,mthat is her job! What is your excuse? All previous correspondence dinners have done this! So stop being a hypocrite!

Heh Huck...how about you marinate on this article about speaking freely and being accountable...
You sound triggered


That would be rather embarrassing is he wasn't a natural born ass#ole.
So do you hold the POTUS to the same standard. Where is your outrage at his attacks and bullying.
So you’re okay with bullying....?!?  A real Christian you are not
And yet your daughter defends one everyday, including lying her azz off daily!
I thought Sara looked quite pretty....
Snowflake
Or this truly terrible bullying, hateful, mocking comment?
Thoughts and prayers.
Here's Huck attacking Nancy Peosi's looks...
Sarah Sanders is a role model for all women-intelligent , classy& beautiful. Amazing the way she deals with Swamp reporters daily
Couldn't agree more. So when will your daughter put in her 2 weeks notice?
You are absolutely correct, today is your opportunity to make amends with God and take the high road and show America what a true leader is.

We certainly need someone with the courage to be that person.

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
did you teach your daughter to lie and bully the american people 
  did you teach your daughter to support a compulsive liar
Btw refer to one of your previous tweets
Oh, like the kind of speech that spews from the @potus and your daughter @presssec virtually every day… like “Mexicans are rapists” and “NAZIS are good people”. Got it!
So when will you be sharing these thoughts with Trump. Have you finally decided to grow a pair and have this talk with him. If not, you’re complicit.
She has not been held accountable for the lies she tells on behalf of her boss... do you think that happens later, in a biblical way
Maybe if you taught your daughter to tell the truth people wouldn’t hate her so much. Maybe if you quit fighting your daughter’s battles she would learn from her mistakes.
How ironic since that is exactly how Trump behaves to anyone that doesn’t believe in the same things as him. He is a bully, bigot , racist, pig. Funny, how ironic.
everyone in the country - except these few demon-crats - were appalled.  Tasteless, crude disgusting - there arent enough words for those people.  You are right - stop condemning hate speech then right?  Let everyone be racist on national television - swearing - etc.  Grotesque
So we get to hold you accountable for all your tasteless bullying over the past 20 years. Right? What about your son who bullied a dog to death? What about your daughter lying every day to the American public? The media is complicit
Your son killed a dog now that’s horrible!!!

Disgusting behavior by a nobody comedian bullying a classy lady like Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Free speech is not a license for vile behavior!!!
Yet you support Trump who genuinely & repeatedly does what you're complaining about.
So LOW no class at all and a disgrace to the United States of America!
Megyan Kelly, Carly Fiorina, Sexual Accuser, Heidi Cruz, Nasty Woman...I guess bullying didn't bother you in those cases.
Says the man who's daughter works for a pig who prides himself on giving insulting nicknames to others.
Oh and believe me, Trump will be held accountable, as well as your precious Sarah, who facilitates his lies and denigrates others in his name.
<<knock knock>>
"Who's there?
"Mike Huckabee."
<<slams door>>
I'm sure it's hard as a parent to listen to this stuff. Hopefully it makes you change your own ways of bullying and hate speech too.
it was an example of a roast.
"People just want someone to say publicly at the podium what they might say at the coffee shop with three or four close friends as they huddle together, and I think to some people that's really appealing," Mike Huckabee said on 12/23/15
there is always an old tweet  boyo
You don’t know the meaning of the word “bully,” clearly. 

bullying (noun) bul·ly·ing\ˈbu̇-lē-iŋ, ˈbə-\
 : abuse and mistreatment of someone vulnerable by someone stronger, more powerful

You’re telling us Michelle Wolf is more powerful than Donald Trump & your lying daughter?
Wow.
Uhh,  isn't "reap what you sow" a big deal with you people?

A fish rots from the head, “Governor”.  I’m sure they were all very fine people.
Could you explain why such a change of heart? Come on buddy you and your ilk sure love to dish it out. Bit boy do love to cry big snowflake tears when you get treated like that.
Quit trying to put your God in the white house trying to put God in the white house it doesn't want to be there you idiots it doesn't want to rule over United States you're inserting an authority that has the ability to insert himself into your rules and laws


Poor boo-boo snowflake. 
Care for a pony, popsicle or play dough, Mikey?
You raised a child who lies to the citizens of this country.  You owe us an apology.
You should be so proud of your daughter!!! Smart-has great wit, beautiful & has a great family!
Sorry the WHCD wasn’t a safe place! When you call out the bully in the WH then just maybe I can take you seriously.
Your daughter has been blessed with Grace, Compassion, and Class given to her by our God. We see it and recognize our Father's hand in Sarah's life.
Awesome when are you talking to 45?
 Trump's expression sours in schoolboy disgust as the camera bores in on Fiorina. 'Look at that face!' he cries. 'Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?!'
He becomes a dictator under the constitutional laws that's incompatible I'm giving you the bad leader and God is giving you the bad leader you deserved cuz our God already gave you the last leader and you rejected him
Would you like some playdough?
But it’s OK when Trump does it and Sarah lies to cover for him?
The strategy worked and Donald Trump is president and he's not even a social conservative he's just pretending to be it's all lie you voted for New York liberal who doesn't care about social issues he only cares about money
Your missing the point ..Its always ok when they do it ....lolololol

except the president, he can say and do whatever the hell he wants sexually to any woman (or even child!) he wants

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Do you need some Playdough?
Pipedown Fatso- your tubby daughter is a serial liar and she learned it from the best—
The Trump administration got the comedian that it deserved. I hope that next year, they choose @margaretcho or @kathygriffin . They’re hilariously vulgar and they’ll ruthlessly roast the Trump administration in a way which will make America proud! 
