Putz
So stop what he is doing to free a jailed Christian in Turkey? We are not a theocracy.
Maybe they should stop going to dangerous countries and forcing Christian beliefs on folks. Safest place for an American is...well, not even in America.
Agreed!
Kim Jong Un can no longer test nuclear weapons because his test site was severely damaged in an earthquake. Donald Trump embarrasses the USA by calling a dictator who tortures his own people, "honorable",but  Trump is a mob-money laundering, so ...
Unfortunately there seems to be no cure for:
I think the cure is the same for rabies.......Death.  lol
Still sucking up to donny. Your still not going to the dinner.
He's got a lot of treason to catch up on - this has been a busy week pretending to know what he's doing. Has your son killed any dogs lately?
After the DNC loss there law suit may this will be all they can afford:
I love your tweets!
Seems a very complicated issue. Is there evidence that Pastor Brunson was involved in Turkey's politics? Pray he is allowed to return to his home & family.
bless you
Decades ago loved visiting all over Mexico's coastline. Todays world dangerous....not setting foot outside of our soil and we have our own terrorists now thanks to the democrats and quack leftist judges.
That photo says desperate.
Jesus told me to tell you to lose his number
Lmao
Huckabee,
You didn't put Stormy Daniels, Playboy bunnies, and the suing  Apprentice contestant on SLEAZY Trump's plate. He can multitask!
you have a pipeline with Sarah - man’s life id at stake
Ahahahaha
Prayers for Andrew Brunson's safe return
Prayers sent!
Hey Mike.   You may not know this, but Trump isn’t a Christian. Unless this guy can make him money, he doesn’t care. Maybe hit up true Christians.



God love you you make me laugh. I think God has a great sence of humor also. The left acts like a spoiled child and in past times they would be sent to wood shed. Now that is child abuse lol. Spare the rod spoil the child. But your humor is a good stick
he is currently also working on getting American prisoners out of Korea, baby steps, he is getting it done, all the harm done was not in one day, so one day is not going to be a good timeframe to get it right
Looking about disease and pollution sir life Love safe
Sir you should help peace talks about  (ww3)every Country seem to have bad weapons sir. Just reduce Energy, plants the trees 
What have you done to help Dwight and Steven Hammond of Oregon.  Two Political prisoners that are behind bars in our own country.  Their constitutional rights have been destroyed.  Yet people like you and @realDonaldTrump look away.  What a shame.
You are a desperate situation?
God will take you soon then cast you straight to hell
Huckie President Trump is just the instrument  of Gods hand and with God nothing is Impossible.
Their losing the election is FULLY their fault. They don't get to sue the other side because they allowed a campaign to run the DNC. The HRC  campaign ran the DNC into the ground, that only shows what POOR FINANCIERS they are. The prime example is CA. which is billions in debt.
You are hilarious Gov!
Turkey may want to make  sure Andrew is not harmed in any way. 

Turkey is not far from Syria.
This is Jay Sekulow's mission in life. I hope President Trump will get involved, too.
Hayseed du jour.
He certainly devotes enough time tweeting bullshit.

https://www.facebook.com/dpandolf/posts/10157242062242004 …
