Do you practice being tacky or does it just come naturally?
Huge missed opportunity here, Huck.
What ?
Way to raise the debate!
Why is your humor always about bathroom functions?
”That level of vulgarity is best handled with a mouth washed out w/ soap.”
How do you think Otto Warmbier's parents reacted to Trump's claim that Kim Jong Un is "very honorable"?
@Chippey7
My thought is for China to help NK build factories for consumer products. Get some Chinese capitalism going there maybe to help them earn money for its citizens.
Stop with the food. You and Sarah should take a vacation to a fat farm
As terrible a leader as he is and the atrocities he's committed, I do not wish for him to spend eternity in hell. I think we should still pray for his salvation. I know many Christians in NK do, despite their persecution. God saved Nebuchadnezzar, he could do the same with KJU.
Doesn't Trump do this? I may be wrong but saw this some where. If wrong I apolagize.
What the hell.......
And our dictator has a golden toilet as his throne! They have so much in common
Good he's disgusting
Ridiculous man !!!
He is scared silly of the automatic tampon remover found in some loos.
Once again Little Rocket Man fails the Art of the Deal: everyone knows a true show of power and strength is to wear DIAPERS to important meetings! This is why TRUMP will always triumph!!! @realDonaldTrump
It must be huge.
How very grown up of you, to tweet this. Are you making sure your son isnt murdering dogs? #FatherOfTheYear
Haha Very funny Mike
And @realDonaldTrump new buddy
You stole his food too. Fatso.
KJU is scared of @POTUS He knows we could nuke his shitty country to nothing! #MAGA
Your son would get along with the Koreans seeing as they both like killing dogs
Do you think he thinks his s**t doesn't stink?  Or maybe he is concerned that the ROK may implant hemorrhoids if he uses a ROK tpilet?
Trump now loves little Kim!!  He says he is a very honorable man!!!  Wow!!  Does anyone think Donald may be a little off--as in nuts!!!
My question is, if one can merely walk across the border from NK to SK, why would one ever go back?
OVER BOARD>>>
Those dictators can be quirky!
Give him some credit mike. He did inherit the mess in noko.
Okay...but hold up...I thought his people were told that he don't use the bathroom...part of the reason that they think he is a god???  I know I read that when he 1st became ruler 
It’s best to speak of d great work done under d Trump administration nd leave d left talking about wot he was under obama.
Dude must be on some crazy drugs
2-ply or 3-ply?!!  
LOLOL
You will be remembered for? Hmmm.
Oh My
I'm sure customized to fit an oversized posterior.
Lol
His toilet is probably 18k gold and he can't bring himself to sit on anything else.  So sad.
Isn't he his own toilet
Now how did you know that?
Need an investigation on toilet collusion
Does Sara know?
Gotta love your tweets!
I suppose it could be a big glass jar with a lid..
What you don't have your own I bring mine Wherever I Go
. That's what they are reporting??  lmao!!
Love the Gov!
don’t eat the salad dtrump....
Just a little something to remind him of home...
This news leaked out in advance of their summer? I'm sorry....
You can cuss here its allowed
