We all wonder!
I think it’s to make the bestseller’s list.  Why would he give up the information when the world will pay to read it.   I call that financially wise!
I call it fiction. He’s a lying SOB. He has no ethics he’s in it for a dollar and the libs will swoon all over his lies and BS.
We believe Comey!
Why would anyone want to buy Comey’s book? ALL LIES!
didn't paytoplay like the 2.5million he recieved for book!
Actually he was probably quite open with Mueller and his investigators. It kills me how Repubs turn on their own.
he didn't realize trump was going to hand out pardons to traitors, even  W wouldn't do that.
Money, money....
WHAT. A LIAR HAS SOMETHING TO SAY?
BIG DEAL
@Comey’s book “a higher loyalty,” to who? The devil? Packed with lies and insults, why waste your time reading it, you can get your fill of that watching the #MSM.

I know right? He could have written a book in all that time.
I'm waiting for the Readers Digest version of Comey the Clowns book. The one with a centerfold of Hillary, along with pages that require the use of crayolas....
You and your lying daughter have hurt the Church
Comey is a more honorable man than you: a fake “Christian” with absolutely no resemblance to the teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ
Read Comey's bull crap about the apple he took to @realDonaldTrump .  That was beyond mentally ill, absolutely sick. Comey took a gala, evidently @POTUS like yellow delicious.  Can you imagine an entire page of a book on this?
#BoycottComeyBook
Jimmy has needed time to make up some fake information
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader
Huck, where have you been and where are you going?  Credibility, morality , standing, its all lost, your bass you betrayed to bask in the limelight of flash in the pan racist Donald. So be it..  Weakness rules yor soul.   Feel free to retweet that.
#new nickname #CommieComey...can you RT that ....#Perfect
Coney has more integrity in his little finger than anyone associated with this administration.
In fantasy land...

His book was approved by the FBI.  I am waiting to read this great book, as is most of America.
He had to have time to rehearse his script. He knows hes screwed. He's an opportunist, hence the book deal and tour. He  has to raise a defense fund and he knew that. He bends the truth to fit his narrative. #Weasel
It is almost hard to believe how big of a mess our president is in. the daily Trump drama is draining America. He has to step down and let someone with a bigger brain take over. He is just not up to it.
Did you know that he went to BO the Sicko blubbering, & BO hugged him & told him he was doing a great job.  And he was heading the top police organization in our Nation?
Because Comey is saving up his mis truths for the book release.
! We are sick of COMEY he and Hillary both need to be in GITMO
He needs to talk to Jesus.  Redemption should be his only path right now...
You’re embarrassing yourself.
Jimmy reminds me of someone,only 1 of them wasn't crooked.
Comey go for it tell the http://truth.Show  America what are President is really up too.Trump is fake phoney and he gets pleasure out of destroying people.
Just an observation, but Mr. I am so innocent —you’re so beneath me —Comey seems like he’s been smoking weed way too long! Absolutely zero credibility!
I’ll have nothing to do with his book. He’s not getting any richer off of me. Lying elitist.

https://twitter.com/SarahHuckabee/status/794255968448020480 …
When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Sara was a disgrace today at the press briefing. History will judge her and this administration harshly.
Could it be money???
I thought you were a man of god but you slander your neighbor,  just another hypocrite, guess you lost your way along with the GOP
One other thought, you taught your daughter how to lie just like a true Huckabee. The family that lies together stays together





He did exactly as he said he would do. He never wavered from the plan he announce that he would say nothing until his book was completed and the book would say all and has done so to show the untethered brain of the man who is suppose to be our leader, dumb as he is.
Thank you for making a difference @GovMikeHuckabee . 
"RABBIT  FACE"   COMEY! ! !

The almighty dollar of course
great article Gov Huckabee lol. hit the nail right on the head :) glad I am following your twitter
If only the Lib. Media would remove the VEIL OF HATE  off their eyes for just a moment they would be able to see THE LIGHT
"Less than forthcoming"... from the guy that raised the liar who regurgitates lies from the biggest liar in American political history? That's rich.
Uh....because he was writing a book? I guess not all things are obvious to all.
Comey would have been fired no matter who was President.
Wasn't trying to sell books till now
Comey is an outright liar, leaker and a mean SOB
This always backfires doesn’t it.
Don't buy the book. Content will be analyzed, copied, dissected, commented left and right in public. More lies added. Whatever that is true is already in the media. "The droid you are looking for is not here, move along" @TrumpSuperPAC @seanhannity @SidneyPowell1 @JudgeJeanine
It’s hard for you to understand when someone is mindful and takes time to write a book rather being a blowhard blustering glutton like yourself who has no regulation.
Comey is a disgruntled,fired ex-employee,zero credibility, now he is a book salesman.
Yes. All about selling books.  I mean, he doesn’t actually have a job, right?

Mike, I wish more people could see you as God see’s you and Sarah. You are a moral man and Sarah is loved. May God Bless you both.
Gee, I wonder why? Could it be his book deal?
Christian Mike, who embodies stronger Christian values.......Trump or Comey? Who is more faithful, honest and admits to frailties? Who tries to be a better person?     Crickets
Why haven’t the real criminals been investigated and charged from the last administration? The people have been waiting a long time for justice. The innocent are raked over the coals, investigated, belittled by the news media while the real crooks like Hillary are free.
I’m so confused. Does just declaring yourself a Christian make it true? I thought Christians embraced truth, family values, honesty and fidelity.  Or is this where you tell us Christians aren’t perfect so we’re to believe you anyway?
How about his chance at hearings. If he felt this way he had a duty to take actions to protect our country. But instead he is trying to protect his pocket book and engourge his ego.
now go after the rest of them Gov.!  #lockthemup
Trump and his a$$ smooching army of brainwashed fools (like you) don’t seem to act innocent at all. Weird.
And many others to wonder as well
Coney is a disgrace to any law-enforcement that wears a badge
"suddenly" has plenty to say? he said a lot about Clinton right before the election That backfired then he LEAKED a lot  about a trump after election that GOT HIM fired so now he's writing a book that could be a special edition of the national enquirer Not credible Not relevant
Plenty of time to rest up. Choose which lies to go with!
Duh self serving narcissistic game to remain relevant and titillating... he should be ignored till he goes away or better yet prosecuted with  the vengeance he has taken  toward his "foes"
It's telling, Mike, that you don't hold a president to the same standard.

Mr Trump has not been forthcoming. He has lied, evaded, obstructed, and attacked in his efforts to prevent his dealings from being known.

Trey Gowdy is right: this is not the behavior of an innocent man.
Mike is very hard on a president - if the pres is not a Republican. Huck's your typical partisan hack pretending to be all full of piety, a faker hustling the dumchucks who fall into a spell, devoid of any observation cause he says Hallelujah and Jesus.
You and your ugly kid are dillholes
Who says he hasn't been forthcoming since he was fired?  Do you know he hasn't talked to anyone, especially Mueller?
Your God is watching you Mike.
Uhm, no. He's not. Hickabee has no God other than $$$. He is a lying hypocrite and does not care....
#GOPTraitors
#GOPLiars
#GOPMorons
It's a lot easier to talk when the conversation is one sided.
@GovMikeHuckabee  we all know the president is less than faithful to his spouse of the moment. No surprise republicans are like repressed Catholics. “Do as I say not as I do.”
he is a corrupted liar, no honor just payments from dems made him the low creature is end it to be
Media and lefties r mixed up and still confused that Trump won.  Lol
Wow, just wow, you truly are a horrible human being..
...
Wow Huckabee is rollin and a trollin today. Hope all that jaw flappin doesn't get in the way of his, ahem, Christianity.
Holding out for the $$$.
@Comey is a traitor to the United States of America.
Send him to Guantanamo
For life.
Same reason presidents dont write their memoirs while in office Governor.  your partisan hackery is just depressing.
@JamesComeyFBI is a worm.
Isn’t obvious. You too know how to cash in. #huck-a-
And... Mike Huckabee is not so much as a flea on James Comey's pubic hair.
Why talk for free. When there is a book deal. Duh !!
Here's a bit of the facts.
He needed time to cook up a good story.
What's happening to Christians in this country Mikey? They all lie daily like your homely daughter.
No argument.  Just personal attacks.  Typical.
Why bother?
Ask hrc his voicing was just grand
Seems immature. Disturbing he was so high up.
Maybe because he was employed and now he’s not!
Money -
#SlimeBallComey 
#SlimeBallComey #MuellerGate #ObamaGate #CORRUPTION #GitmoBound
Maybe he was waiting for the political dust to settle. A wise man holds his tongue (words to that effect) in the Bible, Proverbs.
man do you even hear yourself?
#SlimeBallComey goes back to #ClintonCartel #ClintonCrimeFamily
Because when people write books, they don't want to give away the book before the book comes out.... Because... They want to sell the book.

He’s a traitor I understand why we have to keep hearing from him he should be shot
Reported.
But your daughter is "less than forthcoming" every single day...

He's been sharing so much more with Muller.
Do you really think that he hadn't been talking to people at the FBI while he was there and other close associates after he left?
You went from being a pastor to a full blown nut job.congratulations man!
Yeah, why didn’t he say any of this stuff in a very public forum, like say, a congressional hearing?
The point, by the way, is that HE DID! And it was AFTER HE WAS FIRED and BEFORE his book came out.
#SlimeBallComey
Its that Obama transparency, yeah, thats it.  Lol
Does not fit right when the shoe is on the other foot, eh corn pone? Maybe he should have been sworn to secrecy and put party over country to spin bald faced lies, like your daughter must have. "Christian family values" at their finest hour.
How bout asking the same of your lying daughter??? Why does she come out and lie every day for an egomaniac .
LOL... you wish she were lying. the only liars we have seen are the lying left liberals - if their mouths are moving, they are lying!
Angry, stupid and Republican is no way to go through life, son.
#GOPTraitors
#GOPMorons
I hope his book does well, then the dirt bag won't have to set up a go fund me page to pay his legal fees like McCabe. Jail awaits you my fine Sir once you finish your book tour!
Because he’s s citizen! 
Comey testified that he only met Obama 2 or 3 times, yet in his short time employed under @POTUS he has enough insight to write a credible book; seriously!
He has been open - to Mueller and others, but not to you. Get over it!
So dirty!!!
So he's making money....big deal. So do you when you "run for President". Being introduced as "Former Presidential Candidate Mike Huckabee" increases speaking fees.
@ByronYork should know that the US govt had to review the book and sign off on it.  You don’t have to morph into dishonest hacks to protect the WH.
hey Gov Huck remember this from your very own @PressSec makes you smell very very fishy right about now with your non-stop tweeting against Comey
When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Trump is filthy disgusting amoral creature but I have to give him credit..he's the total embodiment of what a "Trump Voter" is in regards to morals and Values.
Evil won't stop, The truth has come to light, people don't realize they ,them much has been going on for a very long time, This is why you should never give government a inch, they take a mile, they have put themselves above the American people
Should be subpoenaed to come before 2nd Special Counsel...
Dirty Cop
How about the FBI bust in his doors & seize his computers & files!
And how many books have you released? Shows you've hosted/been on? You are dismissed
HEY TRUMP!
He was leading the investigation moron... You can't publicly comment about things... You first should be concerned about what's coming out of your disgraced Sarah's big mouth... lies, lies, nothing but more lies... Good thing she has enough fat in her body to store all of that..
..... punk does suit you
It says it in the name, glad you can read...
I know.  I agree with your assessment.  You are a punk.
Punk as in pointers unattended nullifies kernel... 
He’s having a hard time memorizing his lines from the #LunaticLeft Playbook. Remember, @Comey is not the sharpest knife in the drawer. His book is probably illustrated with endearingly childlike crayon drawings, all works of the author himself.
We believe Mr. Comey. All paper from Trump's Lawyer should be seen. If he did nothing why hide it?
How does it work?,Trump's bitches like yourself get 2gether in a room with FOX &design a plan to discredit others, & go on the attack?, all at the same time, with the same rhetoric,Lies&Propaganda?, flood tweeter with BS!!,&feed red meet 2your zombies?, Classy!, & very Christian!
Agreed!!
Comey: Untethered to the Law!!!
Like POTUS says he’s “ an untruthful slime ball “.
Appears he’s trying to create a defense in case the gutless DOJ ever decides to prosecute him.
Researching legal aspects of a tell all book
He has been talking all along its just called whispers& leaking
Slot machine payout was hope it back fires on him!

Another Book of Lies coming soon ,
He has been in the Clinton Camp for decades ,
#DROPKICKTHETURKEY
You'll never ever be remembered for doing as much as any FBI chief has.
Being an ex FBI Direct isn't he braking more laws by public speaking...
Actually even after you are no longer at the you have to abide by the same disclosure rules.
Look up the word "capitalism." That will get you both started.
You have missed the point entirely.
Out to prove that CONNEDservatives do not understand Irony, are you?
#GOPOTraitors
#GOPMorons
Who we gonna believe?...our President has never lied...has he?
“Do I look like a guy who needs hookers?”
Why do you think, lackey?
This guy is the reason there is no faith in the FBI and DOJ. He is a slime ball.
Did you know there is an FBI rule governing former employees telling stories about ongoing investigations in their books, memos, etc? #Comey committing a felony.
This is TOO FUNNY!! 
For being a so called good Christian, you sure enjoy judging others.  SHAMEFUL.
He wasn’t “judging” anyone. Just stating a fact. Maybe you should look the word “judging” up to know the true meaning.
MoneyMoneyMoney which he will need for his defense fund.

Not accurate but when has that mattered?
Do you also believe he killed #jesus ?
He’s just a dirty dawg
@GovMikeHuckabee  Make sure you bring this up on your next Fox and Conspirator Friends gig.
#LyinComey
Who cares he's telling it now
he knows he's going down
This guy is a class A scoundrel !
