So. If a Christian breaks the law and gets taken to trial, it's "persecution". What a hoot. Christians are on every corner and line the corridors of government. Pretty damn weak "persecution". More like whining that one of your buddies can't claim his god supersedes the law.
You work for The Liar in Chief, so anything you have to say about faith is total bullshit...
Yeah, every good Christian should have at least 2 felony gun charges against them.  Just look at how well armed Jesus was, at all times, and he still got killed.  I'm sure he would have survived if only they had AR-15's back then!  Damn it anyway!!!
Gun charges =Fake News ,made up, BTW Jesus was armed with the word of God, and went to cross willingly ( His Choice )to pay our sin debt so we can stand B 4 Holy God and have eternal life. Sincerely, 2 U , please accept Jesus as your Savior B 4 your last heart beat. Hugs 
Read Isaiah 2:4 and please let me know why people who supposedly walk with Jesus are so fond of man made weapons, and seem to live in fear.  Fear is not a fruit of the Holy Spirit my good man!  BTW, thanks for the hugs!!
Just curious , do you believe in abortion , I do not ...simple question , shouldn’t be tough to give a yes or no answer...let’s hear your answer , thanks , 
You conservatives love to bring up our founding fathers yet you ignore that there should be separation of church and state...
Huckabee, he wasn't asked to officiate a wedding in a church. He is supposed to execute the law. It appears he failed to do his job. He's welcome to quit and go work in his church though if he can't do the job. #bythebook
The Judges story was very disturbing.  Outrageous charges being prosecuted against him and we can’t even get Crooked Hillary invest reopened.  Wish him nothing but good luck in his trial.
Faith has NO place in politics
Faith has every place in government. Didn't you read Thomas Jefferson's separation of church & state?
A #FakeChristian is what you are.
And your girlfriend Kim Davis
Who's that?
The other fake Christian who refused to grant marriage license to gay couple.
Can't stand @GovMikeHuckabee. What a #FakeChristian . He's always ridiculing people and tries to be funny....failing every.single.time.
I just read up on this. He's alleged to have broken actual laws. Even Christians have to follow the law, right? I guarantee that if a Muslim judge were accused of the same crimes your opinion would be different.
You’re dang right!!

He provided guns to a felon. He also unlawfully refused same sex couples their rights. His religion doesn't override the law he swore to uphold. If he is unable to perform ALL the duties of office for ANY reason, he is obligated to resign the office. The bible is not the law
it stinks
Don’t you mean he is a shocking example of a Judge refusing to treat all citizens as equals under the law? His faith should have noting to do with his equal treatment of all people.
I've been following Judge Day's case for 3 years and I'm appalled that there hasn't been more public outrage over the waste of state funds on this politically motivated prosecution. Who will pay for Judge Day's $900,000 in legal fees for these frivolous, invented charges?
Yet, shockingly, your dog-torturing, mental-midget son didn't go to jail or prison.

Go fuck yourself.
He conspired with his staff to break the law. The only thing that is shocking is your lack of respect for rule of law.
3 years suspension, it's a start everyone should follow the Law .
We don't want uncontroll chaos do we .
Praying God bless and protect Judge Day.   #prayingforjudgevanceday #jesus  #GodBless
Are you still claiming to be a man of faith? Hahahahaha!
Travelling to DC for the first time (possibly the last) next month. Would love to visit the WH so I applied but they said it may not happen(depending on what is going on& how many ppl visiting). I was wondering if you could help? Sir
Yes, I can see how... *checks notes*... furnishing a gun to a felon... is central to the faiths of many.
Old man. Your going to Hell. Hypocrite
Needs to resign.
2 creepy old men
Your religion doesn’t exempt you from executing the job you took an oath to perform. If it does you need to step down.
Praying for You Judge Vance Day! Brother Randall and Brother Bob and Brother Andrew @Aclj Lawfirm with Attorney @JaySekulow
Let’s see how #ThoughtsAndPrayers work for this clown!
Your a shocking example of too many donuts
Wow
FAITH, WHAT FAITH, YOU HAVE NO STINKING FAITH
Guilty verdict BEFORE the trial??
Your large adult son murdered a dog.
Judge Day on Trial, BUT, Boston bombers/Ft Hood shooter released, Orlando shooter released, Fla school shooter released, San Bernardino shooters given baby shower, YouTube shooter http://released.Save  us POTUS, B 4 Pelosi/Feinstein/Brown/Harris kill us all. Vote Dems out.
Huckster,Judge Day should hire lawyer of K. Steinle’s murderer who was acquitted, released and is roaming the streets of SFO near Pier 39. If Day was illegal,deported 7 times @ 5 felonies,he would be made governor of Oregon.Easy case, Day will be out next week. Save us POTUS.MAGA
Sure he will Mikey, just as likely as we put you on trial  for diddling that goat.
Did the Judge let killers and rapists go free because they pretended to like  Jesus? Oh no, that is your fucking legacy in Arkansas! #RememberLakewood
#crybaby
For Your Father God is with you Judge Vance Ray, let His glorious favor full the courtroom and all things go well for you. For You have been obedient to the Word of God and there is only blessings for obedience! Amen.
Blessed be those who provide guns to convicts and bear false witness against thy neighbor; for theirs is the kingdom of God.
Great example Mr. Huckabee!
 In prayer. Waiting for God has something better for you! His people will receive a better plan! Than that of what a man has decided to give!
Watched you visit w him on your show Sat. Nite!
Oh please you old liar. Please go now.
Need to prove you have faith Huck.....maybe Mark 12 28+ would be good reading
Nah, because of constitution !

Persecution of one's faith is nothing new, But, in this Judge's case, I take an exception!
Love you Mike Huckabee, we voted you for president!! At least glad we have your babygirl she rocks!! #Go Sarah

Face it, another faith is another faith. What a truth.
One day everything will be destroyed and only god will remain
Why are Liberal judges still in control? Seems like Dems still control the country bc of spineless & divided Republicans (RINOs/NeverTrumpers)
We saw it last evening.  Certainly will be praying for Judge Day.
Is that legel????
What happened to freedom of religion?
Gun charges have nothing to do with religion
Faith... what a joke!
Mike wants us to enforce gun laws, doesn't he? "We don't need gun laws, just enforce the ones we have", right?

So LET'S ENFORCE THEM.
You really have an adverse relationship with the Truth. Same infliction you handed down to your daughter. Why do you hate facts?
Wow!!
What does proving a felon a gun, lying to authorities and defying the law have to do with religious persecution? Unless your a RW fanatic who somehow equates guns and killing to Jesus.

I can tell all of you ageners don't know the whole story.  You should have watched the show.  Don't show your ignorance
Sorry bigots don't get a free pass
Yup... you don’t Nick.
Thou shalt not bear false witness,  you fake Reverend!
When they catch you with the goods claim Jesus and God and religious persecution.  Works everytime .
What are you up to now 275-305 lbs?????    I can send you Jenny Craigs number Huckleberry
Oh boyo ..... not knowing the details, but knowing you're supporting him .....nail him to the wall ....
Vance Day is not being persecuted, Huckabilly. He is using his position and faith to persecute same-sex couples. If he cannot provide his services equally, he should resign.
Judges are supposed to uphold the law. Obergefell v Hodges is the law of the land.
That’s not it.
He is a disgusting individual with a long list of ethics violations including refusing to marry LGBT couples and a NAZI. In other words, a typical republican. #GOPHate
#gayteenpride #Pride #LGBT #LGBTQ #BTS #SundayFunday #gay #gayteen
Why is it that everyone has to agree with homosexuals on marriage? Are we no longer to free to have our own opinions? Why is this even a LEGAL issue?  If you want to get married, find someone to marry you. If you need a bath, find a bathroom that you are allowed to use!
Obergefell v Hodges
Umm denying others rights at your job and being called out on it doesn’t mean persecution
Felony gun charges are NOT the same as being persecuted for ones faith.
Exactly
Gestapo tactics to persecute and prosecute an honest man.  Founding Fathers nightmare.

The gun charge, or the intoxication charge, Jesus approves of, liar?
Aren’t judges supposed to uphold the law, not reinvent it because of their personal biases?
When its obviously not about faith,  dont make it that because that just makes you a bearer of false witness and a liar.
Article VI of the U.S. Constitution states that “no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.
Thank you Mr. Huckabee for your funny comments on Twitter !!!
Praying for him!
