LOL. You make me laugh everyday Gov ! Thank you 
That's a good one Mike
Are you sure he went to NK? I mean your daughter posted a pic, where Pence was having an out of body experience from Peru, and was in the situation room, at the same time, with everybody, while the Syria strikes went down. Can't even show the truth there.

goodness Huck .. w h a t on earth would we do without you ...

 dialing now!

Great! A picture of a guy who actually bombs less than you do.
Is this supposed to be a feeble attempt at joke?
I just love your tweets.
Seriously you want the two primary ChinaGate Inmarsat international telephone numbers?

@Comey ?  Big leap!
I cannot suddenly simply trust this.

Smells worse than ChinaGate and Hong Kong 1997
What's the phone number to SVU?
Has anyone ever told you that you really aren’t funny in ANY sense at all. Your attempts at humor or cornpone and ridiculous....not in the least humorous.
Not funny
What is wrong with you? 
That it great!!! That was one of the best kept Washington secrets ever!!!
You just know someone will call it
Cool! I have insomnia and I get bored at 3:00 a.m.
Finding out that Pompeo claims he served in the Gulf War.  But of course he did not.
Mr Bond Pompaio  he’s did a great thing. Will NK dump nukes? We’ll have to see
Your son Kim looks just like you. He has the same chubby cheeks.
he looks like humpty dumpty
You crack me up. Do you do your own comedy writing (LOL)???
I called that number and got his voicemail.
chuckle

Dang, you are funny !!
Good one, Mike!

Huck is a schmuck
Ya , Like gov. Mike go take him down !
LOL  LOL  LOL
Heck he's twice as good as 007 he's 0014
I got through!'n
Great job Money Penny!
Actually 666-666-6666
FU
Hey Kim Jun Un..............meet President Trump at Mar-la-go and do some golfing and just enjoy the weather!
That is actually funny

Just get your wig and makeup ready for tomorrow's press briefing.

Fat fool.

 that 007!
Love it!! Gold Finger!!

I just tried that number- it said “call could not be completed as dialed. Please check the number and dial again “

So what’s up with that
Urrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhrrhrhrhhrhrhhrhr

Secret Agent Man
Thanks, just called him & had a lovely chat. He even shared classified intel. Shhhh, he said "apple pie is the best dessert ever!"
Clever!
HaHa Sure fits.
Mike Huckabee's number is 1-800-BIG-LIAR.
Good one
Oui 007 is British 
His password is bondjamesbond.
did you know that Kim's great grandfather was a Protestant missionary who grew up attending Christian schools?


I approve of this tweet 
I'll disclose yours

(666) ASS-HOLE
Your tweets aka "jokes"  demonstrate the intellect that is the Trump base. Don't take much, does it gov?
Funny
Bet Colbert & Kimmel couldn’t come up with good clean humor like this. If it’s not hate filled they can’t deliver.
and then give him your number....666-666-666!  Hee Haw!
Beautiful.
Pompeo. Mike Pompeo.
Love you Governor!
#GovMikeHuckabee you should add your band in the background playing the James Bond theme song!
007 is a British spy not American, get your facts correct, fatso.
It's a joke. Buy a sense of humor.
YOU ARE HILARIOUS!!  I LOVE YOU  MIKE HUCKABEE!
Who is Miss Money Penny?
isnt that amazing how NO ONE knew but trumps close staff. That a good sign and shows not only is our prez making headway, that he is doing his job regardless of the hacks say.
And James Comey the CLowns?   "I'm sorry, but this penal institution does not accept calls from blocked numbers...."
LOL!
You forgot phone number is 10 numbers long. In my passwords, I input a character from another country. It took the Air Force 9 hours to figure that they didn't have my password and that it would take them another 329 years to figure it out. You are 10 years 2 days my junior, kid.
Nice
I thought that was the number of dogs your son has killed.
Mike, somebody told you that you have the heart of a comedian. That may be true, but you also lack the humor of a comedian.
Thanks, Governor Hilarious!
I bet you laugh as you type this stuff

I will disclose the apparent IQ of Huckabee for coming out with this tweet,007
Go away troll
Blow me
But, I’m not your mom...
Ha! Have you seen the movie DETROIT?

cell or shoe phone?
Thought it was 006
Yes sir Governor, however, I am really concerned w/ Rand being Rand that he will not get appointed. I hope that I am wrong but, Mr. Pompeo is up against the high tide !
I always wished I was funny..But..Now,  I just wish you were..


Be careful don't trust the little fat man  !!
Bond needs to hit the gym
Lol
#Tweetoftheday 
Good One Gov.


Big time 007

Lol
Your tweets are like boutique ampoules of distilled unfunny.
You so funny!!
LOL  
