How can you be on the topic faith in one breath and insulting the very people you just asked for their thoughts in the next sentence?
Good question. How can he even say he is a Christian?
Religion has nothing to do with a persons ability to be a candidate, even if you are Bernie Sanders.
Nasty, vile, vulgar, hateful and lewd would aptly describe Trump and the Evangelicals who worship him.
Evangelical scandals throughout history - easy to read list http://theholychristianchurch.com/evangelist-scandals.html …
News flash to Huckabee:  You and your daughter totally support/adore/ worship/enable a nasty, vile, vulgar, hateful and lewd person who occupies the Oval. Of course, you would never admit that fact.
Our faith in God is being stomped on continuously by the Progressives and I think California is trying to ban the Bible. We need to really push that this kind of persecution on Christians end here in America!
You have it backwards. The GOP is trying to stomp out all people of color, immigrants, the poor, LGBT, other religions. So stop your crying! Plus, that's fake news about the banning the bible. More lies fed to you by the disinformation alt-right, Russian machines!
Yes people will make comments to you about how you are a huge hypocrite for calling yourself Christian and standing with Trump.

You do realize you are nasty, vile, vulgar, hateful but not lewd right?
In the same way, on the outside you appear to people as righteous but on the inside you are full of hypocrisy and wickedness
I’m a little confused... are you saying it’s a good thing to use religion to influence politics? Or are you just happy to be mentioned in an article? 

Either way, you’re an embarrassment. Why did you have to be from Arkansas?
If you think this is a good thing you've lost your way. 

Hes using Christians for publicity. You're basically a megaphone he wraps his lips around & blows through & then his message comes out of you mixed w warped Christianity & then you help lead Gods entire flock astray
For those who dig Christianity, how is the hype surrounding #45 not similar to the antichrist? Asking for a religious friend!
Do you think that the church should pay taxes and file as a 501(c)4?
Second guessing the manners of your ideological foes is alienating to those who might be partial to civil debate.
LOOK Another "tolerant" Liberal. I guess it's ok to Fat Shame a Women if you don't agree with her views. 
Why should we tolerate a serial liar.
#TAXtheChurches #TAXtheChurches#TAXtheChurches #TAXtheChurches
Fake Christian indeed. And your daughter lies constantly.
So, in other words, share our thoughts, unless they're opposed to YOURS.
You seem to be very proud. However, in my bible, it says that pride always comes before a fall. See you after the fall! #fucktrump
How do you people not realize that Trump is an atheist?
Incredible. Nearly every reply is a troll. These people have no life, so the more you see hating and trolling in the comments, just know they're miserable and pathetic, and you're doing something right to get their attention. Conservatives don't troll libs like this. Shameful.
No trolls. Real people who are disgusted by what “Christians” are willing to excuse because the guy will do _______ for them.
Nah, you're trolls, trolling anyone on your Marxist hit-list. Get a life, and you're not fooling anyone.
“Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are like whitewashed tombs, which look beautiful on the outside but on the inside are full of the bones of the dead and everything unclean”
Just the newest version of propaganda TV. Too truthful for you, @GovMikeHuckabee?
Well, you're not a Gov. anymore , but you are a hypocrite !
Nope, I wouldn't even wipe my patooti on politico, but I do appreciate all you do in support of President @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst #MAGA 
Jesus went into the temple of God, cast out all that sold and bought in the temple, overthrew the tables of the moneychangers, the seats of those that sold doves and said unto them “It is written My house shall be called the house of prayer,but ye have made it a den of thieves”
The #ChurchofDonald is a chirch of hypocrites #FalseChristians. Truth. Not seeing you follow teachings of Christ. As a matter of fact, it's Anti
"nasty, vile, vulgar, hateful and lewd" would just be efforts at being presidential, no Mike?
Those who make “nasty, vile, vulgar, hateful and lewd” comments will just be quoting you, Mr Huckabee. Now please go check on your dog torturing son to see what innocent animals he’s hurt or killed today. Honestly, what kind of family hangs a defenseless dog?

#Constitution #conservative #liberty
Some say trump is the beast but others say he is the false prophet that harrows the beast.
So mike is trump the beast or is it Putin?
The Only God that 45 kneels To is Putin and we all know why..
Trump seems to be representing my interests pretty well. I'll let God handle that Stormy Daniels stuff...
Fake Christian

“Listen, snowflakes: I can dish it out, but I can’t take it, so #NoNastyComments!”
Nasty, lies, worshipping a false God that lies biggly, are we talking about the Spokeswoman for the clown Trump?
A Christian who stands with Donald Trump is a hypocrite, plain and simple.
My thoughts:  this is another reason why the religious right has been declining and will decline.
A good example is country music, which in itself is beautiful. But claiming Christianity sunday after chasing women drunk at the bar saturday with no intentions of changing?? Don't just call it good ole American country boy...Naw that's sin. And that's just one example.
The line “...an impious man who can barely pay lip service to actual Christian belief” is certainly a fair and accurate description of Trump. That so many people can be duped in to believing otherwise says a lot about them.
For Cinco de Mayo I will drink an entire jar of hot salsa and watch old Speedy Gonzales cartoons and speak Spanish all day. Happy CdMayo!

By doing so, he will take the Israelis and march them to the door of the oven.

#NoNastyComments
“I trust @ BernieSanders with my tax dollars like I trust a North Korean chef with my labrador!”

This is my favorite. Given House Huckabee’s track record on dogs, amazed you went there.

#NoNastyComments
If you have four stars on your shoulder, you’re not a slow learner, you didn’t ride the short bus.

#NoNastyComments
I heart your dedication on this thread!
lol
Yes. Why be like @realDonaldTrump?
[Insert generic nasty, vile, vulgar, hateful, and lewd comment]
Lost my interest at the sanctimonious title and graphic.
Cults are like that.
