What the hell you know about darkness old privilege one. You had access since the day you were born.
hmmm, godless people endorsing the film.  I'll pass.
So your enlighteness, I am truly not worthy, but ask that you please share with the world how you developed the ability to judge who is "Godless" and who is not?  A blessing upon you and yours.
Spend your life saying a person is "Christian" after admitting to crimes including lusting after their daughter and never having any remorse.  If you associate Christianity with those sins; I would say you are godless.  If you are not, God help you cause you are going to hell.

Evangelicals did not fail. You’re under the mistaken idea that God’s purpose always aligns with ours.  No one knows Gods purpose for Trump being president...but God does.
“for it is God who works in you to will and to act in order to fulfill his good purpose”Philippians 2:13NIV
If you support this immoral, corrupt, kleptocratic administration because it is pushing your “Christian-Values” agenda forward, maybe it’s time to reevaluate your values. 

#jesusfixitag #Easter #HappyEaster
Miracles
Phony.
Sir. You and your daughter lost your right to call yourself Christians a long time ago due to hateful rhetoric and lies. I’m guessing your afterlife will be a tad warm.
Have you not heard, “For everyone has sinned; we all fall short of God’s glorious standard. Yet God, in his grace, freely makes us right in his sight. He did this through Christ Jesus when he freed us from the penalty for our sins.”
Romans 3:23-24 NLT
Or not....tell Trump to attend as well as your daughter. They certainly need God as well as yourself for all the lies u tell! #hyprocrites
Anyone know where this monster game from ? Huckabee, do you know ?
Wow Mike you have a lot of Haters and Non believers following you. They need a lot of PRAYER
I just saw "I can only imagine".  Happy that Christian films are making a statement at the box office
Yeah, a really "big" statement, that's why Hollywood is just lining up those good old bible fables.  Oh wait, that's not true, unless you worship Thor, the God of Thunder.


You mean indoctrinate with Government Propaganda by Liberal Marxist Core Schools
What in the actual fuck.
Really, you should:

1. Repent to God
2. Ask for forgiveness 
3. Turn from your evil ways
4. Stop supporting Trump
5. Teach Trump about Christ and Salvation
6. Talk to your daughter about integrity and honesty 
7. Just to name a few things
“Do not judge, so that you will not be judged,
Great ANOTHER work of useless fiction, really poor fiction at that.  Of course God is not dead, he never was alive, he's myth, smoke and mirrors.  But, then again, which of the nearly 3000 gods are you referring to?
John 14:6 New International Version (NIV)

“Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.”
Love Christian movies! Thank you Gov, Im loving your show on TBN, congrats, you raised a lovely daughter, doing a great job for our great fearless president who brought prayer back into our White House! I applaud the work you are all doing for the love of God and our country
Attention @Twitter 
This tweet should be labeled SPONSORED
He’s not dead she’s a myth! #hypocrite
Can’t wait to see it!
Oh please Mikie u are the last person who needs to talk about faith u need to encourage your daughter to stop lying to the media and the people of this country every time she holds a press conference just to be out called on it.
Translation:  it's an appalling piece of dreck completely divorced from reality.
Gods curse be upon the Guns of America MALACHI 4:6 because you love guns more than Gods children.
real quote...no guns mentioned.  “He will turn the hearts of the parents to their children, and the hearts of the children to their parents; or else I will come and strike the land with total destruction.””
Malachi 4:6 NIV
White Trash!
Better talk to your daughter about facts on census. The citizenship question hasn’t been on since 1950. Such a good Christian telling untruths every time she gets on that podium.

This keeps being relevant.
Oh BS
That sounds like torture
Don't watch it
THURSDAY night, already have tickets with our Grand Girls and a friend here in Tucson!  SO EXCITED for this latest installment!!

I still have to see "I Can Only Imagine" and "Paul the Apostle".

omg, someone put up a Craigslist ad in DC titled 'SEEKING LEAD ATTORNEY FOR DIFFICULT CLIENT' https://washingtondc.craigslist.org/doc/lgl/d/seeking-lead-attorney-for/6544195570.html … 
You've raised a top notch liar, "governor."  Congrats!
Sanders says a citizenship question has "been included in every census since 1965"

Facts:…
Is that before or after The Real Santa story?
Is mikey getting paid to sell loser Christian movies. Mikey will do anything for a buck.
He's not dead, but people like you are killing the faith daily.
I also believe in Ancient Aliens and Superman CINO
I agree God's Not Dead, but fake prophets are alive and thriving.
Mike.. What "God" is YOUR GOD?  The "God" who is racist,  homophobic,  hypocritical and self righteous?
I have been looking forward to this movie! Going this weekend!
Yeah, what was up with that crazy white dude shooting up the church in Texas?
Can’t wait to see #GodsNotDead movie  
U promoting this is like the devil saying he drinks holy water!.Holy water is real, but the devil doesn't drink it!,U R A FAKE CHRISTIAN,A RADICAL WHO FOLLOWS HIS OWN HEART FULL OF DARKNESS &EVIL INTENTIONS TOWARDS OTHERS. A HUMAN BEING THAT LIES &HIDE BEHIND THE SACRED SCRIPTURE
How many are aware of how horribly grandparents, mainly grandmothers have been treated by 'liberal' teaching to our kids? We older ones believe in an old man in the Sky that will save us so keep your kids away from 'Jesus Freaks' illness of the 'old folks' beliefs that are wrong.
So to have a white christian church attacked requires a script, meanwhile black churches, and mosques are attacked in real life and that doesn’t bother you a bit...wanna know why?
#you’reafakechristian
God may not be dead, but the dog your son murdered certainly is
#SATANSLITTLEHELPER
Why are you promoting a movie?  What is your job exactly?  I can’t figure it out
Your god is dead, and American Evangelicals killed it.
Propagating fear and hate is NOT Christian
if you are an example of a Christian man then God is dead
Huckabee is going off on one, again
I’m good. Got tickets to #ReadyPlayerOne. You know what is dead tho?
Oh, and it's FORMER Governor, that is unless you know something else.
Thanks huckabee, you are helping good, knowledgeable people accept the logic, and human morality of atheism.
Um, I have some bad news for you.
Hi Gov, will check it out.  BTW, as a man of God, pls read Matthew 23 V23 - 33.  Sound like the folks in charge today?  Just asking.  Happy Easter to you and your family.  All the blessings of this holy time be yours.
Yea right. If your life is so busy why take time to reply?
Thought you were a monotheist, but whatever...
Beware false prophets like @GovMikeHuckabee
Mike Huckabee and his Daughter lie and deceive, constantly. They live their lives delivering deception to the masses. These are not Christian people.
With the current rate of rampant hypocrisy I seriously wonder how you people hold your heads up anymore..
You're such a goddam hypocrite! You and you're lying POS daughter @PressSec Sarah Sanders are complicit in destroying America's democracy!
Hypocrisy is alive and well.
#GodIsNotDead. And I do not believe he is happy with you, Mike.
#evanglicals #BibleStudy
1/
“I have let myself be searched for by those who did not ask for me; I have let myself be found by those who did not look for me. I said, ‘Here I am,…
Is there anything in the Bible that says pretending to be a victim is a sin?


Did you abuse @PressSec? She shows all of the signs.
Evangelical upbringing is a form of child abuse.  Just ask the survivors.
The immoral father of a serial liar and a dog killer talking about healing and faith....
The god you reflect in your provocative & irritating tweets is not one who will draw people towards religion but will end up turning people against it.  Unbelievable that people buy into your tripe and heartbreaking that you represent so-called Christians.
.@elibosnick Looking forward to the #GAM episode!
Lmfao ... drama queen.
Have you ever seen “the shack”? It’s about jeebus
Quack.
I’d rather have a root canal
Without novacaine.

I'd rather see @StormyDaniels
Sounds like a propaganda film. I won't waste my money.
Sounds like propaganda aimed to pretend there's a war on Christianity, am I right? 

There is no such war that I'm aware of, only people negatively impacted when God's servants imposing their definition of what's right on everyone without respect to what they believe (or not). 
You're a joke and a fraud. #goaway
You are everything that is wrong with Christianity in America today and that’s something you will be held accountable for.
Your a snake oil salesmen.
is this the home movie where they kill the dogs?
Set the right example?  LOL. How you think he got her?  She went from mistress to hoewife.

I’m sorry but if god is not dead how do you explain this?

This WashPo piece is stunning.  If true this raises the possibility that CA violated election laws and used mass immigration fraud to elect Republicans. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/former-cambridge-analytica-workers-say-firm-sent-foreigners-to-advise-us-campaigns/2018/03/25/6a0d7d90-2fa2-11e8-911f-ca7f68bff0fc_story.html?utm_term=.4e9ad4373e6a … 
Amen
Oh! I hope it has the same strawman representations of philosophy professors and ridiculous and misinformed interpretations of what Nietzsche said as the first!!
No He’s not dead! And one day soon He’s going to turn around and there’s not going to be anyone left but Him
Did you see the movie, Let there be light? It was outstanding and Hannity produced it.
If Hannity produced it must be bullshit.Blessed be the man who sexually assaults women for Christians will follow him.
Mike, I will watch it at your urging. You,like the victims of gunfire,will also remain in my thoughts and prayers. BTW, keep the butter off the popcorn at the movie ,you’ve put on a lot of weight and it’s not healthy. Keep tweeting. Keeps you busy.
Hey where is your daughter, oh beautiful Sarah?
You have some angry folks on your thread Mike. Wonder why they bother to follow you??
We follow him for his amazing wit and sense of humor.
Junk
You still consider your self a Christian?
God can't be dead.  It never existed.  The first 2 movies were bad enough.  Don't you people get enough of the persecution complex?
I’ll have to see if I can find it in theaters over here in Washington. It’s kind of hard to find things like that in Seattle.
There is a reason.
And what might that reason be?
Boring
How about helping a person needing faithful advice? 

Have you ever said "I would probably date @PressSec if she wasn't my daughter"

Curious how any REAL Jesus follower would say anything like that...you know like something @realDonaldTrump has said?
Quick question: 

Did you ever say (out loud) you would date @PressSec if she wasn't your daughter?…

Do you read any replies
You spread hate filled divisiveness and make a hefty profit while doing it, all while using the cover of His name. There is a special place for you, reverend, and it is NOT at His right hand.
Are you saying you are better at judging than God is?
I want to retweet, but its a Facebook link 
Did you delete your facebook?
Not yet but 100% will. Havent signed on in years. Never used it
Here's the twitter post.
When we are divided, we must remember what we stand for. Catch the all-new trailer for God’s Not Dead: A Light in Darkness, in theaters March 30. #GodsNotDead 
Thank you.
You are such a hypocrite. How can you claim to be a man of God, yet be so mean-spirited? YOU are NOT a loving person, because a loving person wouldn't encourage HATE.
Awesome movie! Bring tissues!
#GodIsNotDead
Death is not something that can be applied to God. Only greed-driven fools, hell-bent on poisoning the minds of God's Children, would make such a claim.
You know who gave me hope and showed incredible faith under fire...the young adults who organized and walked on Sat. God is proud of his children. You should be too.



No. 

Your kid strangle any cats this week?
SOOOOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEE!!! @PressSec
Thankyou @GovMikeHuckabee .  We need leaders that encourage our nation to look to God.
God is dead, and the Republican Right raped him to death.
Or during the week. Matinee hours
#NOPE...
