Well looks like god made his decision lol. 

rip Alfie sorry u couldn't live in the US and die bc ur GoFundMe came up 50 dollars short instead of living in the UK where doctors only removed life support because keeping him alive was inhumane.
.... Love to see the maths... I am assuming a comprehensive insurance plan is your only answer, one which many can't afford
UK provides medicine to families no matter wealth
Can you explain how the US system would have provided for a child in the same position?
Correct me if I am wrong, I'm not up to date with the fairytales, but Government action doesn't prevent divine intervention, lack of divine intervention prevents divine intervention. #ThankGodGodShowedUp
Words fail me! What a stupid comment... Do some proper research into the story!
This is nothing more than...Abortion...After Birth...
Misleading and inflammatory comment. You are seizing upon a tragic incident, of which you clearly have no real understanding, to make a political point. You should be ashamed, but I know that you Huckabees are incapable of shame or empathy!
The kid had a degenerative brain disorder and already had lost most of his brain, at 23 months, his condition could never have improved only degrenerated. By keeping him on life support, you'd be basically torturing a vegetable during last few months of life
Where as the US has declared that all kids are disposable unless the parents can afford health insurance. Hmmm, not sure of the point he’s making here
How dare you use this for your toxic agenda to deny people affordable healthcare.  I pray that Jesus knows knows you in the end because your fruit is toxic!
@GovMikeHuckabee will you please continue to use your voice to fight this human rights atrocity and make sure it is treated and acknowledged as such by the international community?
Can you believe it Gov Huck we as human beings are deciding to kill innocent children instead of allowing every effort possible to save this little guy and how many more will die like this.  NO wonder our Fore Fathers left the UK immoral I am praying for this little one.
Irresponsibly misleading garbage, just like your daughter.
Our infant mortality rate is about half of yours, so I'd say as a nation, we value kids about twice as much as you.
fuck you, you fascist piece of shit
Where is this god you talk off that give a small child a generative decease? You religious people! Why not let this poor child die in a dignified way, instead of trying to make political capital of him. Shame on you.
The government? No, doctors both in the NHS and elsewhere have said that this child is dying and his condition is untreatable. There is no cure. His life cannot be saved so his dying should be made as peaceful and painless as possible. You are talking nonsense.
In fact, Mr Huckabee, letting 'God make the decision' is exactly what the doctors are now doing of course in withdrawing his life support. It's the medical team not 'God' which has kept this kid alive until now. Carry on praying.
Why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?
Matthew 7:1-5
I do love a sweeping generalisation. Especially about us Brits and our obvious lack of consideration for ‘some children’. We should definitely let your imaginary friend make all the decisions @GovMikeHuckabee.

Left to ‘God’ poor Alfie would have died a long time ago. It’s science keeping him alive. PS - (whispers) There. Is. No. God
you have ZERO knowledge of the full situation or have bother ed to read through the documents pertaining to this case. clown

Oh.

It. Is. On. 
The government hasn't made this decision: it’s one taken by courts/hospital and parents. As we speak? Alfie’s father is discussing taken him home …
As soon as you bring God into it your opinion is void.
1) courts and doctors, not the government
2) "let God decide..." rather mediaeval approach, don't you think?
As opposed to morally bankrupt politicians who allow for an insurance based healthcare that financially bankrupts everyone but the rich? Or the buffoons that are male politicians playing God with female bodies by outlawing abortions? You have no moral high ground. Pipe down.
What a cruel,ignorant  heartless lie. Government doesn't make the decision. Doctors and Judges do, based on what is in the best interests of a child who, sadly, has no hope of recovery. I am disgusted that you are attempting to make political capital from a tragedy.
How's your shitty health system these days?
The government didn’t make a single decision and were not involved at all. As a lawmaker you’d do well to tell the truth and not spread false accusations. If you want to know more read @BarristerSecret thread on this.
You tweeted “God” but you meant “health insurance companies”.
The judiciary made this decision. Not the government. In the UK they are separate. Like the world is hoping your system is vis a vis Tump and Muller.
Surely, by switching off the life-support system, that’s exactly what they are doing. Letting God decide.
Surely your God could say him in a flash if he wanted too.  Problem solved.  And anyway it’s the court judgement based on facts..nothing to do with the government
You need to go to confession after tweeting this lie. #NoShame
This is a medical decision made by Doctors who say giving further treatment is cruel it's not a government decision Well done yank you got me defending a Tory government something I thought I'd never do
Utter rubbish: borne out of either a complete ignorance of the facts of the case; pernicious political spin of a tragic case; or, most likely, both. Shame on you.
Shame on you for using this story

At least in the US they could of got an itemised list detailing exactly how much their child's life was worth
That reminds me. I must call God tomorrow morning to ask if it's OK to grab a cheese sandwich on the way to work. Forgot to ask today, felt bad about it.
Perhaps we should arm the doctors and nurses with guns? Oh hold on... wrong country! It is because of the NHS that poor #Alfie is still alive. If it was the US, with a poor family and no insurance what would have happened?
You could of course argue that your god gave him his terminal illness in the first place. "Brits" have decided nothing. Supreme court judges have ruled on the case. If your god is as good as you say he'll live without intervention won't he?
Whereas in the US you play God by ensuring millions don’t have access to healthcare. And if we were to leave it up to God he would have died by now. Are you really this dense?
You cannot be forced off life support in the US unless it's in your Power of Attorney or the assigned person decides it (mostly family) and hospitals cannot refuse emergency care. They can refuse non-emergency care.
GOD HELP US ALL!! THIS LITTLE BOY AND HIS FAMILY DESERVE BETTER!  SARAH PAYLIN WAS RIGHT?!
Check all the facts before passing judgement on the NHS!  Are you just using the Independent newspaper as your information source??  Does every child in the USA automatically get free healthcare?? No. Gunshot victims in the USA, who pays for treatment/rehab? The victim??
What sort of a person would use a dying child to make a political point?
Oh my god! What an inflammatory, insane, ill-informed, disgusting and hateful person you are. Police are there to stop pro lifers hurling abuse at doctors and patients parents. Are you actually okay? I’m worried that there’s something medically wrong. Why else would you say that?
Namely, Conservative Brits. The Conservative Party currently controls the Parliament.

Decisions only God should make? Does God decide to admit patients to hospital? Does God intubate babies? Does God decide when to switch off life support? Do you give any thought to your idiotic tweets before posting?
Actually, taking him off life support would be putting his life in the hands of God as man would no longer be keeping him alive. Dummy.
Didn't god make that kid sick in the first place?
When you give the government power to give you things, you give them power to take it away. This is what happens with socialized medicine.
Once again, IT’S NOT THE GOVERNMENT
You can't reach these people. They're so stubbornly dumb it's like yelling at clouds.
This is a prime example of Socialist Care. The Gov't determines who lives/dies if poor. Poor Alfie. @theresa_may
So sad.
The kid can't survive without medical intervention (and will never be cured or get better or well in any respect). God already decided his life is over. It is humanity that is keeping blood pumping round that body.
This is just heartbreaking 
I wonder what the government would say if this were a royal child.
Horrible story horrible thing to do to this baby why???
This is so heartbreaking. The government controlling your life. Government health insurance would allow this to happen and democrats want that here.
Surely it *is* all in god's hands now, you tit?  Isn't that exactly the outcome you want? In fact, shouldn't we all just suffer and die if we get ill, because that's god's plan for us?
Is your kid still killing animals?
Praying for this family
Shouldn't you be more worried about your kids getting shot while at school?
Who the f*ck are you to poke your nose in where it's not wanted! The NHS saves countless lives and nobody has to worry about whether they can pay. The fact is our evil right wing government is running it down to sell to capitalists for profit. Stay out you clown.
The govt have no role in this decision, God did though.
This is the health care system that the Left wants to force on us.
As opposed to your system where, unless his parents had money, he wouldn’t have had any treatment at all?
So you'll take the word of a 2000 year old self book based loosely on a mythical deity over the opinon of qualified doctors. You are too stupid to hold any power or offer any sort of opinion on this matter.
Can I suggest you find out the reality of what the NHS does before jumping on the bandwagon
Oh do fuck off you god-bothering twat waffle.
"we should not let gov't make decisions that only God should make."

You hypocritical POS, you're #prolife, you want the government to intervene in a woman's bodily autonomy!
According to your theory, your God should stop making children suffer.
He has literally no upper brain signals. He has no conscious thought. There is zero chance of recovery and he’s kept alive by invasive procedures which no doubt cause pain. He’s gone, and this is what is best.
Mr Huckabee I know you won't acquaint yourself with the facts, but here they are
I am deeply disturbed by #AlderHey and #AlfieEvans case. What this tragic case desperately needs is less opinions and more facts. /thread
You are talking out of utter ignorance of the details of the story, and condemning a much-loved health service which treats everyone, regardless of income. Thank God that when we have mass shootings (which is never), we don't immediately bill the victims...
No American should bad mouth the UK on healthcare 
God decided to let him die. Only modern medicine is artificially keeping him alive.
Hey Mike, how much would this couple have had to pay for the medical treatment in your fine system?
Tweet again when your infant mortality rate is as low as the UK & Europe, Governor. What are you doing wrong? PS: it was a Court, not GovUK.
If the decision had been ‘up to God’ I’m fairly sure he’d have died a long time ago. Medical intervention - always free at the point of need - kept him alive for so long. Doctors and nurses kept him alive. No one wants or likes this situation, stop politicising it.
Get your facts straight before you start posting this uninformed bullshit. There has been ZERO government intervention in this sad case. It is purely a clinical matter.
Of course 'Government' has nothing to do with it and it ill-behoves huckster God-bothering politicians who know zero of the actual facts or circumstances of the case to criticise decisions of professionals doing their jobs in awful circumstances.
You disgusting charlatan.
Amen & Amen !
Wait, he should have not had medical treatment so God could decide? Or the Govt shouldn't have paid for it? An insurance company should have paid for it? So insurance companies can make these decisions but not govts? Is that what you're saying? I'm confused...
Pray for this litrle baby.
The same god that made that child sick??
Poor baby boy
Do you want a theocracy?
Every word you just Tweeted is entirely wrong. Wow. I've paid my National Insurance contributions for over 20 years to fund our healthcare and pensions and I'm glad they can support a tiny baby in need for free.
for the sake of your sanity, please do not engage with these fuckwits
Sadly this is not the “govt” or “hospital” refusing to care for this baby. This is people, fellow citizens, other human beings, dozens of them making this happen.  Where are the hearts and souls of these people? Are we living among the Godless? Are we allowing evil to take over?
Your God decided to do this to the baby. Don’t like that logic? Shut up being such a moronic empty-headed fool
I see why you are a little defensive about the idiot comment, but I was referring to some other village idiots.
The State is not God.
That’s what happens with gov healthcare, parents don’t get to make decisions. But at least let kid go home
Pray for Alfie!!!!
The father said the child was TERMINALLY ILL.
Amen! I am sure if Alphie was royal he would be getting all the medical care possible! This is very wrong and sadly not the first time!
And what if he was the child of a poor single parent in the US who couldn't afford insurance?
Death Panels are real in England.
God gave the kid a neurodegenerative disease, that's pretty much giving him the O.K. for him to die.

Also, when you're on life support, the whole 'God decides' thing is moot, you bowling ball of cognitive dissonance.
Royals should be gotten rid of.  Their money, land, British govt. are rob bing the people of life.
England's govt, NHS, the Queen are to blame. Ignore the bastards. Take Alfie to Rome.
The dog that your son killed also had god’s will?
God cannot decide. No such thing.
Don't interfere in the grief of people you do not know
There is no beardy weirdy in the sky. You are talking to yourself with your hands glued together.....
You are wrong about this on so many levels. Would it really have been so hard to read up on the facts before spouting nonsense about it?

Or are you intentionally coming across as ignorant?
Presumably this is the god who afflicted Alfie with a terminal disease? No? Then this god does not seem to be omnipotent.
Either he's omnipotent and a really evil bastard, or he's a nice guy and powerless. Or perhaps -- gasp! -- he doesn't exist at all. There are really no other options here.
You have absolutely no idea how the NHS works or how the medical details of this case work.
I hope you get a terrible disease.
Welcome to socialized medicine.
#OpBot
No, arbitrarily submitting both the people and government to a tribal religion is not a solution.
Remember when sarah Palin talked about the death panels and everyone laughed.
Heartbreaking
This is why we should never allow our healthcare system to become the same as that in the UK. They have publicly funding healthcare/ NHS. Let's not forgot about #CharlieGard Praying for #AlfieEvans #prayforlife
Its not the health system. Its the bloody government to blame.
The government runs the NHS
The NHS is magnificent. Wouldn't swap our system for yours for all the tea in China.
Well it's glad you have a good experience with it. That's good to hear.
Sincere sadness
The fact that you are trying to bring god into this just shows how seriously your opinion should be taken - keep your bullshit out of this and focus on the facts.
God Bless him and his family!
Why can’t Alfie be snuggled by his parents until the Lord takes him home?  Feed and care for this child, you callus barbarians!
2nd child they gave the death sentence to. #TheSinglePayerMakesTheDecisions
No they didn't.
Nazi Germany referred to some as Lebensunwertes Leben, or life unworthy of life. I'm not sure UK's NHS realizes the shadow its casting.  If the child is end stage, send him home on a vent, and let him pass away in the arms of his parents.
That (sending him home with his parents to pass away peacefully) is what, I think, they are now hoping to do.
Good.  Give this child some dignity and pray for his parentsm

Unfortunately, you demonstrate your ignorance of the UK system. Govt. does not make any such decision. The courts do this in the best interest of the child who cannot speak for himself, taking into account all evidence presented. Please check the facts.
The courts are arms of the government.

The court of public opinion will let the brits know they have erred

I am deeply disturbed by #AlderHey and #AlfieEvans case. What this tragic case desperately needs is less opinions and more facts. /thread
Bet royal baby isn't subject to the prison the UK is holding poor Alfie in. God save little Alfie.
Prison?
Decisions like this should be made by Doctor, parents and God. Government has no place in making decisions on life. Guess that’s Socialism for ya’!
The decision was made by doctors. And the UK is hardly socialist
OMG! What kind of hospital kills a baby and then doesn't even let his parents  be with him?  So the Royals (who just had a baby AND GET TO HOLD AND KEEP HIM) will not stop this murder. Nothing royal about you in my eyes. I will always see the royal family as murders.
idiot
If you really want God to be the one who decides whether this young boy lives or dies, then maybe we should take him off life support permanently and put his life in God’s hands. 

I really hope the child lives, for his parents sake, but holy shit you make terrible arguments.
I wonder how many Liberals will read this and recognize this is the kind of government control they want and are fighting for? They will be Gobsmacked!
I bet if it was one of the royal family they wouldn’t be treated that way

I am deeply disturbed by #AlderHey and #AlfieEvans case. What this tragic case desperately needs is less opinions and more facts. /thread
Yes SAD.  
How to get the word out?—-Don’t Mess with God!
Amen Governor
May God Bless.
Praying for a miracle!
May God help Alfie through this. Praying for you Alfie!! My heart beats with yours!!
Everyone spouting the greatness of socialized medicine needs to read this. A panel of so called “experts,” isn’t who I want making life and death decisions of my children or grandchildren. The sanctity of life is missing in this dark socialized world!!
God Bless Alfie and family.
Rather them than an insurance company which is what you lot have. 

People being bankrupted because they need help. It's disgraceful.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT GOD......FOOL.......YOU THINK THIS CRAP DOESN'T GO ON HERE? IT'S GETTING WORST EVERDAY WITH YOUR DICTATOR IN CHARGE.....SLIMEBALL
Oh, I didn't know Alfie is still breathing. Rev. Graham didn't make that clear in his Tweet. "The child is in aSemi-Vegetative State, resulting from aNeurological ConditionDrs. can't identify. The dr. said the Child is SUFFERING!" After manyPrayers, theParentsMayNeed 2let Him Go.
The child is technically dead. He has less brain function than Donald Trump.
Roe vs wade did the same for America so it’s no better
I don’t think that would be much comfort to them but feel free
I am with you on this. When did we start playing God! Stay out of ppl lives. Only our God should make that decision. So sad!
Your son didn’t seem to have any problem making a “God decision” for that poor dog.
BTW get things right,  Brits have been fighting for Alfie, not against . 
Conservative gov and judges are playing God with lives.  As with most capitalist conservatives money comes before people!

I am deeply disturbed by #AlderHey and #AlfieEvans case. What this tragic case desperately needs is less opinions and more facts. /thread
Prayers so many prayers for this family. As a trauma nurse I can tell you there is a God and he doesn’t have MD after his or her name. If he wanted this baby he would have taken him. Maybe there is something or someone in Italy for this child. It’s nothing we know we just feel it
God bless Alfie
Oh please, had the family actually had to pay for his medical treatment the child wouldn’t be here today. Not having to pay for the child’s healthcare has extended his life.
May God wrap His arms around Alfie and his family.
Dear Lord Jesus, please wrap your loving arms around this baby and his family.

Break through the stony hearts of those who are actively working to allow him to die.

Amen
"Actively working to allow him to die"? Are you mad? By the same token, God gave him a degenerative brain condition. How does that fit you storyline?
Socialized medicine run by the government...OBAMA CARE DEATH PANELS...government decides when you die , as a sick baby or when you retire and no longer work . YOUR DEAD ...thanks OBAMA MAGA
Dear Lord Jesus, please put your arms around this little baby and family. 

Break through the stony hearts of those who are actively allowing him to die.

Amen
Maybe you should move there. And that that daughter of yours with you. May need a few seat belt extenders if they whole family goes.

Ok, so when does single payer health care start so that the one of is who are alive don't go broke or avoid treatment because they can't afford to support the for profit industry in this country?
How do you feel about universal healthcare though
Praying for this beautiful little boy. The government has no business in health care. People are not disposable because they are sick.
They are in the US of A.
Should be parents decisions NOT gov't
Big brother is too much into people personal business. We need to weed them out permanently.
Unless it's a woman getting an abortion or two men marrying, right?
Conservatives are hypocrites like that.
I'm surprised you have a problem with this, Gov. Don't you Rs want to take healthcare away from everyone but the wealthy?
No they don't want that. They want everybody to be responsible for their own healthcare by buying their own insurance. It's called personal responsibility.
Sure you do. By pricing it so only a few can afford it. LOL @ u people who defend this, youre all on welfare or SS. Personal responsibility
this is such a hard story to take sides on because how many times have family wanted their loved ones taken off life support because there was no cure in sight and have been denied. I feel for this family though especially when it involves ones child.
Good point!
Sick of god botherers getting involved, if it’s up to god let’s save ourselves a whole lot of money on both sides of the Atlantic and leave it up to him in every case
Yes, and the govt should stay out of medical decisions when it comes to women. You can't make ANY EXCEPTIONS.
I Declare GODs Glory in this situation! HIS manifesting Presence HIS manifesting Power and HIS manifesting Goodness in Jesus name! Amen and Amen!!
Well, that sure helped the situation, you arse.
Amen!!! God Bless Baby Alfie & his family.. Miracles do happen!! BELIEVE!!!


How sad...we now want to play God
God protects little angels, Government STAY OUT OF IT. It is a parents decision!
AND the USA feels the elderly are disposable.  Life is not revered like it once was.
God helps those that help themselves. That makes our collective existence in a large part our responsibility. To abrogate that responsibility to God would negate our role in free will.
That's right. The only humane approach is to let insurance companies decide who gets care.
Abortion Logic
When we remove the sanctity of human life at ANY stage...
It's logical to remove it at other stages.
A decision that his parents & God should make
Wrong
That is just so wrong
The ABSOLUTE PERFECT argument against SOCIALIZED MEDICINE....where absolutely no Judeo/Christian values apply; pure secularism leading to legalized euthanasia (which will sometimes be mandated by state bureaucrats...as is the case here). @IngrahamAngle
Actually, Buckwheat, we have a government of the PEOPLE, by the PEOPLE and for the PEOPLE.  Keep your fantasies out of it.
God has his hand on Alfie no matter the outcome.  JUSTICE WILL B SERVED BY GOD TO THOSE DEMONS ALSO.

I am deeply disturbed by #AlderHey and #AlfieEvans case. What this tragic case desperately needs is less opinions and more facts. /thread
THE PROBLEM IS

TRIAGE

IT MUST HAPPEN, AND EVERY COUNTRY HAS ITS OWN VERSION

IF IT COSTS $1M A YEAR TO SAVE HIM, BUT YOU COULD SAVE 10 KIDS FOR THAT, YOU ARE KILLING THOSE 10 TO SAVE HIM

AT SOME POINT YOU JUST RUN OUT OF MONEY AND YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE
That’s not it. If he had a chance of life, the NHS would keep treating him no matter what the cost.
AGREED, WE HAVE SINCE READ THE COURT FILINGS

IT IS LIKELY BECAUSE

IF THE CHILD HAS ANY LINGERING CONSCIOUSNESS

HE IS IN A HORRIFIC STATE

BLIND, DEAF, NO SENSE OF TOUCH

THAT SHOULD NOT BE EXTENDED

We are doomed
Wonder how the medical officials and hospital would have acted if Alfie were a royal?
THEY WOULD HAVE BILLED THEM THE DIFFERENCE

AND LET THEM CHOOSE

Reason Planned Parenthood gets money from the gov't because they think alike.
WTH does PP have to do with this? Or is the verichip in your fundie brain on the blink? #Unhinged
So sad!
Via socialized medicine, the Brits essentially have the "death panels" that @SarahPalinUSA warned about.  Government officials and/or the courts decide who lives and who dies.
Not just British govs.  Death penalty still legal in many countries and states.
Socialized medicine #Obamacare
What!  It’s disgusting the Brits are trying to copy the Republican Party.
