It is impossible to ban prayer. No one has to ever know who is praying where or when. My God is far bigger than any human ban.
P R E A C H girl!!!!
Why are they so scared of word of God and Jesus? #OneGod #OneLove
They aren't, unlike Americans they know it's total bullshit.
And you can prove that, right?
As much as you have proof I'm wrong. Faith doesn't count.
Accept the one whose faith is weak, without quareling over disputable matters. Romans 14:1 #OneGod #OneLove
Faith is a cop-out, it's an excuse to not have to prove or demonstrate anything. It's what weak people use to defend the indefensible.
If you sincerely believe yourself to be wise 

Oh, huckleberry. Trying to question a foreign city for what that do is the ultimate Prideful activity. I seem to recall Pride being one of the 7 deadly sins.
* psst * Huck doesn't really give a damn about what's actually IN the book.

That’s just so sad!!! Don’t anyone point out what is opposite of right! That might lead to idea people are sinners and there might be a Savior!
Jesus says to go into your closet to pray. I guess serial tweeting foesn’t leave you much time to read your Bible.
They get away with this then it will be only in your home and then they come for the Bible and ban religion   Liberals never stop the evil march. They want destruction of a society values.
It's impossible to ban prayer. They can only ban ostentatious prayer, like what the Pharisees did.
What? They can pray any way they choose.
Not in London, which is the subject of Gov. Huckabee's post. It's been outlawed in front of abortion clinics, if it's about abortions.
London is becoming a dictatorship, thanks to Sadiq Kahn. I feel bad for them. The non muslims
People praying restricting access can be a problem. Go pray somewhere else. God will still hear you I’m sure.
Beautiful London City! In G.B.
No wonder things are falling apart in England
Yet they give their city over to Islamic terrorists.  Makes perfect sense.
The USA is the only and last bastion of Free Speech....... Britain does not share this freedom, not even in Hyde park on Speakers Corner ---- They ended that 300Year idea recently
Guess What, @GovMikeHuckabee - London is in the UK. Theyre an ally, an original colonizer of our land, we speak their language. But, 2b sure, they're ANOTHER COUNTRY. Just wanted 2b sure that was clear They can ban guns, knives, and acts of judgment (pro or con) if they choose to
Guess what @gernie_blanston we have our own language. They are an ally, only because they want us to do the heavy lifting and throw $$$ at them. Plus, WE have a 1A, so @GovMikeHuckabee can tweet whatever he wants. 
Hmmm. Have you been to the UK? We actually speak AMERICAN English. It's similar, but different. If they are such an important ally, then maybe we should care somewhat about the fall of their country to progressives. It could be that they may no longer be one, shortly. #mindthegap
I’d bet I’ve spent more time in the UK than most s; having worked there for the past 3y. Funny; I didn’t have to learn a new language. As for falling to progressives, there’s something called BREXIT that Hapn’d that should mollify your concern & is far bigger than this news
Wake up London
Insane.
ONE DAY THESE MURDERED LIVES WILL RISE AND DEAL WITH THEIR MURDERERS , EVEN IF IT IS IN THEIR MINDS.
EVIL NEVER WINS, MAY GIVE TEMPORARY FALSE HOPE, BUT IT NEVER WINS.
London has become totally evil
Nothing to do with the muzzies
You should have aborted lying cheating you know who
Like father like daughter..lies lies and more lies.
That shows everyone that PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS AFRAID OF PRAYER, they know they are losing and GOD ALMIGHTY WILL WIN #Prolife #keep praying #DefundPlannedParenthood Children are a gift from GOD!
Wish we could ban Christians from more places!
GOD just told me you will expire very slowly and extremely painful.........
Values from the Islamic London Mayor.
Enjoying your kickbacks?
Not your country, mind your business
Just like your citizens mind their business?
What has happened on our world
Except for the fact that Muslims reproduce 6 times more people than anybody has abortions.  It does not bother Islam that UK women are killing their babies...just makes more muslims.  It's the prayers to the Lord God Almighty they are worried about.  Can't have that, can we?
The Islamic view on abortion:
They ate not a theocracy. Technically this country isn't either but we have the Christian Sharia here does not understand that.
"Christian sharia?" Does it hurt to be so ignorant?
But they will still allow the call to prayer by the Muslim community? 
https://www.facebook.com/Teanderthal/posts/1704882012882821 …
Do the Brits tax payers like shelling out and paying for abortions!
Say what??
Loons
And the Islamic call to prayer... banning that would be ...well it would be downright uncivilized and anti religion 
They don’t use prayer as a weapon against women going about their own private legal business like a bunch of bullying terrorists. Talk to yourselves at home, myth believer.
Gone are the days when activists would blow them places up .
Big Brother is alive and well in the UK.  All hail Big Brother.
How did these people ever run an empire?
Why we all left England hundreds of years ago.
Yes, Sir, Gov. They are the Devil's Advocates!
Great !
Great Britain goes out with a poof, not a bang. 

Never thought I'd witness the death of a once grand & glorious Empire in real life. What a time to be alive!
London has fallen.
Londonistan is about to outlaw sharpened  pencils. They are deadly assault weapons. Also, saying anything derogatory about a certain religion can result in jail time as hate speech.

LMAO at the idea of pro-abortionists talking about "souls"...
LMAO at myth believers not realizing Huckleberry lies every minute of every day and pretends she has a “soul”.

It benefits Sadiq Khan & his fellow Muslims to see non-Muslims killing their unborn children, especially with their humongous birth rate. It makes overrunning the UK even easier for them.
Exactly right!
I didn’t know prayer must be censored. What kind of game are they playing. Those of us who want abortion illegal may save some babies by speaking out. I will never understand. These babies are gifts from God. How America has changed!
Try this. Mind your own fncking business. If prayer works why is there still abortion? Why hasn’t your god stopped them? Also this isn’t about America so.. Pregnancies are a result of human reproduction. They can be ended w medical science and it’s never any of your business.
You mean self-professed Christians can’t use prayer as a tool of harassment and intimidation against vulnerable women anymore? Fucking good.
You do know that Brits aren't as cultist about religion as Americans are? Right?
What a disgrace!!
Speaking of "spectacular fails," send your daughter my regards.
Before or after she steps off the podium at the White House? 
Where do you come up with some of the stuff you put out there
It's okay with the raghead mayor, that ragheads block streets during their prayers though.
We need a miracle.
FALSE GOVERNMENT. FALSE FREEDOM. FALSE JUSTICE.
That’s a shame!
Beyond sad
So sad people don’t realize who the real enemies are. #MAGA
Wow huh? Sad thing. It's definitely a HUGE problem. Apparently that's the way they want it I guess? I will never see the rationality of such a hideous thing as abortion. Murder is murder. Be it pre-birth or the result of any criminal activity. 
God help us make this right.
Where do these people get their Stupid Pills?
Good! Another few months and Americans can start protecting women by putting restrictions on religious fanatics.
This is the new world order the left want for the whole plant.  Only a few countries stand in their way.  Let's work to keep US whole.
London is now into knife control, so...
Isn't that discrimination?
They deserve what they get
but they allow Muslims to pray in the Streets, blocking traffic. Why?
They banned guns, they banned knives and now they ban prayer. Lovely.
Your daughter is a spectacular fail.
I bet they’d allow prayer to the desert god allah. Never have the stones to restrict that would they?
No free speech there or religious freedom. Ouch.
The birth of tyranny, right before our eyes.
England is slowly, Day by Day, eroding away, once great nation but no longer, dying from within. Limits on free speech, coddling & rewarding migrants while punishing native English citizens. Shame
Pray in secret. Jesus said pray in secret and God will reward thee openly.
They don't want conservative politicians being disturbed while bringing their mistresses in for abortions.
Welcome to London the new Hell
Actually it's quite nice, Primrose Hill especially.
Good thing we dumped those clowns. They Khant seem to think straight.
Good. They should mind their own business.
Thank you God! Man’s folly will soon end and You will return to bind Satan for 1000 years. Then man will be ruled by perfect justice and sin and evil will cease to exist!
These days "Christians & Prayers" seems pretty much synonymous with "Hookers & Blowjobs" so hat probably explains why you're not getting much sympathy from non-Christians, or even Actual-Christians
I DON'T LIVE IN LONDON, FOOL
If only we can vote to ban you. Forever.
Who are you to talk about prayer?  You profess the words of The Liar who you serve and you are paid well for your service, and you do his bidding of spreading hardship, suffering and decisiveness, especially among our least fortunate.
He receives no money from POTUS. Don't be stupid.
did you take this pic from the london eye?
Let them pray, beats what they have been doing murdering the staff and bombing facilities.
Sounds like a pretty good reason to be an advocate for the separation of church and state to me
They're already disarming citizens. When radicals get the chance, London is toast.
pathetic
sad to see GB fall....
Sad to see dumbbells posting ridiculous bs on Twitter.
Guess more then the Bridge will fall.
Perfectly said!
They didn't ban prayer. They banned protest. Period. And while I don't agree with them banning protest, you ought to show more regard for the facts instead of always making it about poor persecuted xians. What's with the whiny little victim act all the time?
- They will go to any extent to preserve the custom of "MURDERING" the INCONVENIENT.- BRACE YOURSELVES - I wonder who's next?- Could it be YOU or ME
Abortion is murder!  What happened to the natural affection between mother and child?  God said it would be gone in the last days!  Guess we are there!
Suggest all British Christians emigrate to the US (make a nice change from the Mexicans and South Americans) and leave Britain to dissolve into a Muslim caliphate
I guess drinking warm beer does something to your brain.
Remember when your son aborted that dog?

Geesh 
Good.
It’s a business like every other.
Good decision. A waste of time for people to pray for that.
Freedom of speech truly is dead in the U.K. You’re only allowed to speak, pray, or think what those in power decide you can speak, think, or pray.  And if you don’t like it too bad. They’ve already banned guns & are now banning knives. Sadly the British people are sheep!
What? Crazy Gov!
England had better find another Churchill, and fast! I give them till the end of the year before it becomes Great BrIslam
Yeah because you know so much about the UK.
Relatives who have lived there. Friends who came here from there in last 20 yrs. Studied it my whole life.  Worked on more than one of the automobiles from there. So I have better than basic knowledge. #BeWell
As a us-based Brit I can tell you that you don't know shit about the place
Simple honest question. How long have you been here?
3 years
Fair enough. But by the logic you are using, wouldn't that make you just as "ignorant"  of this country and those of us from here?
Not really. Mine is direct experience of both rather than your anecdotal knowledge of the UK
Mike the demagogue.
They should of showed up in berkas.
Why does your daughter, @PressSec, always sound like she's talking through a mouth full of novocaine and cake? Asking for a friend. #SarahHuckabeeSanders #TrumpLoveChild
Please don't insult the huckster or his kin
It’s a parody account not really her.
London Bridges Falling....
Lord have mercy on our souls
AS IF! This is where praying in #Tongues comes in handy!
London city council have totally lost it.
This just assures I’ll never go to London or by any thing from that country.
I pray for the soul of all those who have tortured dogs. May God forgive them and their enablers.
WoW! The Anti-Christ spirit is alive & well in UK!
Insane
Must have upset the demon in them!
Not your country, Fake Jesus Lover.
The radical left progressive is FULLY UNCLOAKED and will not be content until TYRANNY is realized!!!
Cowards
The world is in trouble detesting prayer..... ANYWHERE! Prayer should be aloud in ANY public place or anywhere else for that matter. As long as it’s peaceful! Sad times
Speaking of abortion...
That's almost as outrageous an affront to free speech as having a woman arrested for laughing during Jeff Sessions' confirmation hearing.
Women should not be intimidated by those with different views.
They'll love this woman there:
US Denies Entry For Muslim Activist, Deports Her To London http://dailycaller.com/2018/04/13/u-s-denies-entry-for-muslim-activist/ …
Liars are ugly!

So the British are baby killers also
https://twitter.com/YerOpinion/status/984901272879874048 …
Just how far do think this CRAP will go, perhaps they need a Trump to make them see the light.
Totally. Trump would show them some stormy light.
Unbelievable. Now they are going to be told what they can and can’t pray about and where?
What are we doing about this? I am really concerned that nothing is being done about losing our rights. But you do know about the May March
London lost and hell  hot bound

Your an inspiration to millions Pastor.. thx for all you have done for America!! #MAGA
Thank you Mike for bringing this to my attention we will make abortion into a national issue in America and not let local regions or states try to decide it like this!  NO LOCAL OR STATES RIGHTS!!!
No Freedom of Speech. Marxist Mayor
This was all I could find.... I don't like this band but yea...
London has fallen...
And, they wonder why there's so many problems in London? 
Jesus, heal Europe! Lead them back to You!
In the name of Yeshua!
Amen!
Don't talk bollocks.
Troll
It's not like England supports freedoms of speech and religion.
They have lost their way.
Meh...
London is lost
No it isn't. Even though they have lousy fish & chips.
