You know your out of the loop when this POS Trump is booted from office.  You will be as irrelevant as your Ambassador wife. The free ride will be over. You will be sitting home with your lying brat daughter bemoaning the fact you chose some attention over country.
WOW, did you have to look up those big words to reply like the uneducated bran dead liberal you are?
How does it feel to know God chose a 3 time married 5 kids with three different women as far as we know adulterous lying bankrupt cheating twat over you for President? I bet like this.
LMAO @ the Alt Left trolls feigning morals.
The facts are the facts!
We didn't vote for a pastor, we voted for someone who could root out corruption and restore American values.
You are correct. However the values that Mike stands for are not Christian values. And that is what he stands for. How do you do that?
Name one.
I remember thinking "Why would he come up with that?"

Soon enough, rumors of an October surprise were pouring out of Giuliani's mouth. 

Tick tock. Mueller knows what happened.
Fake News.

feeling so frustrated! @POTUS is attacked & hamstrung every single day since he won & even before by msm, rinos, congress…never seen anything like it, the exact opposite of obama

Trump is a proven liar, Cohen is a proven liar, you are a liar & a fake Christian, Subsequently Sarah is a liar. No amount of Tweeting will change the facts but keep it up..old Tweets are GREAT for proving how ignorant some viewpoints become. Prague? Stormy? See you in November.
Was it blatant overreach for you to use your Arkansas state governor power to cover up crimes of your psychotic sociopath dog torturing/murdering son. Was he a pyro growing up, too? Classic serial killer profile. Obvious where they got it from.
It's not overreach; it's the law.
it's overreach. and so was ken star. yes man its the law. but it's also a police state . u might like it now cause u hate trump but wait till it happens to your guy AGAIN. rosentstein said investigate russia "or anything else u come across' which means get him anyway you can.
Is that an actual quote from Rosenstein? And it is not overreach. It was ludicrous that Ken went after a BJ. Mueller (not Rosenstein) is tracking real criminal activity. You should be glad the law works. For EVERYONE.
Big game hunter and not big game player.
if russian collusion was real mueller wouldn't be raiding offices and investigating a porn star.
Cigars and a blue dress cost $50,000. BOOM SAD
Did I hear you say the FBI should be raided? Our FBI, whose employees swear to protect the constitution and the United States of America? Have you completely gone over to the dark side? These men and women protect us everyday from domestic terrorism, you should stop now
No, you should stop now. This is the funniest thing I've read all day .
Glad I could make your day
Instead of showing off on Fox Fable News you should be finding your daughter an expensive defense attorney.   
what? she's prez spokesperson....come on man, they say waht the president wants them to say. it's their JOB
Problem is "she" doesn't just say "The President said..."... she claims a whole lot of it IS the truth.
Birds of a feather flock together
he's not corrupt. mueller has yet to find one shred of evidence showing he's corrupt. he has found however that his top agents tried to keep trump from winning & then keep him from governing w russian collusion story. this is illegal and why they were demoted to human resources
Chile bye  there's no debate here...keep following the corruption... but you do know the investigating is still going?So have several seats and continue watching the shit show... the blind leading the blind 
Since Trump is acting like a guilty man it is not surprising that Mueller is taking the completely predictable & legal actions he is. If Trump were innocent he would be encouraging Mueller to complete the investigation. Unless you’re hoping for a Trump theocracy. Silly you.
this is the stupidest thing ever. ACTING guilty? oh he's ACTING guilty well there's a lot proof there! u get accused of something you didn't do & investigated over a year, been called a traitor, and u should just encourage more? that's pretty wacked out.
Honey, I disagree with just about everything you said. But you obviously have some very strong feelings. Anyway, my beef is with Huckabee, not you. Peace.
oh well aren't you better than the rest of us? and u support cigar wielding president's. jesus was on the ballot and yes ken star did over reach. so does it make it right for mueller? of course cause u hate trump

You need to stop the propaganda, there has been warrants, they we though the proper channels, they got signed off. No one is above the law, if Trump and Cohan were innocent why don't they welcome this to clear all the speculation of any crime committed. Whats in it for you?
you don't know it was done "through proper channels" the fisa warrant was so bogus, the FBI has been so corrupt and we are supposed to beleive that this time it was legit. sorry NO DICE! LOL-there were warrants!
Well of we go by your logic, you don't know the fisa was bogus, also you don't know that the FBI is corrupt also, fact the guys in charge are all rupblicans not dems
Trump's new lawyer
Don't insult Curly!  He wouldn't work for Trump! 
He quit this is trump's new team a dream team if you ask me
If Trump claimed Jupiter was Mars his Minister of Propaganda would tell the Press it was too.   Don't you agree Huck?  
Mueller is part of the swamp & Deep State! He’s a disgrace to this country! He sold his soul for corrupt politics!
Hey Traitor Mike @FoxNews @PressSec @VP What is your Spin on these facts? Every Criminal Admin are @GOP NOT @TheDemocrats! Amazing you only hire The ‘Best’ People to get....Indicted@realDonaldTrump Come MidTerms #WeThePeople are Firing The Corrupt
 #MuellerIsComing 
#BlueWave
If someone is breaking the law does it matter who catches them? So we are saying no fair that Mueller catches that crook while looking into another crook. Only law breakers need worry about Mueller
Funny you guys forgot about this scandal. Mueller hasn't.
Wow Mike, you have really fallen from grace... spreading this fact free garbage to try to keep your base in the dark is truly shameful
your language makes you so credible
According to Michael Cohen, the agents were respectful, didn't break down any doors, didn't conduct a raid. Also, the agents were sent by the SDNY, not Robert Mueller.  Are you okay? Have you always been batshit crazy?  Lighten up on the Red Bulls. Maybe that's your problem.
right its not surprising because they are professionals following the law and evidence that is increasingly showing criminal behavior on behlf of the president
there is NO EVIDENCE. we don't even know what the reason was it's all speculation. and none of this justifies what they did. they are professionals? so that makes it ok? mueller is a professional and he is crooked. strzok is professional & he was demoted from the top brass to HR
You can't serve a search warrant without multiple layers of evidence and judges and Trump appointed District attorneys signing off on it.  and you have no evidence of Mueller being crooked.  In fact all the evidence is that he is a war hero and served his country for decades
It would appear that Michael Cohen was NOT acting as a lawyer for Trump, but merely as his “Fixer”. Soooo, no attorney/client communications to be all huffed up about, Mike.
Donald Trump's Lawyer is under investigation.
Mueller is a bully!
Nothing surprising. FBI goes after criminals.
You must be one of the biggest liar after Trump and your daughter.
You should be ashamed of yourself. If trust in the rule of law falls in the country you will be partly to blame. #Quisling (look it up).
You’ll be on the wrong side of history supporting this idea!
So you're saying it's ok to lie to the FBI, launder money, defraud banks, conspire against the U.S. with foreign Nationals, commit treason? Is that what you're saying? Not surprising, since you raised your kids to be habitual liar and torturer of animals.
no one's saying that...but none of it leads to trump russia collusion. FACT: we would know about it. he's investigating a porn star-means he's got nothing on trump-russia
There's a lot we don't know, yet. Meantime, here are some helpful graphics and a link to the article. And it's not just the porn star, it's Cohen's other dealings.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/11/20/where-the-trump-campaign-and-russian-actors-overlapped/ …
You and the other Trump-anzees are starting to sweat -- the truth is coming out -- you're a complete fool!
about trump russia? about how djt colluded with an enemy of state? a hostile foreign power? now u guys don't care about russia! cause u think the porn star angle will work. LOL every day it's a new cry...we have him THIS TIME
Well, hell, he gives us a reason each and every day.  But we still care about Russia.  We still care about his lies. We still care that he's incompetent. We still care that he is a criminal in many, many ways. No worries, mate.
I hope the FBI conducts a raid on you and your lying daughter, @PressSec. The train has left the station. Truth will come out soon
what could they possibly get on sarah sanders? she's not a politician. she's a spokesperson. there's nothing to "raid"
Remind me: before you dropped out of seminary, how many courses had you taken on federal criminal procedure?
You mean, as an example, Ken Starr investigating White Water and ending up w a blow job. No,Starr didn’t get one,but that’s an over reach..right? No, not in your tunnel vision perspective
it was an over reach. absolutely but so is this. all u dems were hysterical over your concerns about trump colluding w a hostile foreign power & "enemy of state" now that's dead and your on to the porn star using monica as justice. but what about russia? & all that fake worry?
You must think I’m a democrat. That’s the trump zombies thought process..really lack of thinking. I’m a republican,but the idiots who support a liar,fraud,cheat,Adulterer,grifter will accept anything because too dumb to think for themselves
Blatant overreach according to you, the person who doesn’t understand the Special Counsel’s mission at all. Please read it and stop acting ignorant. Have your assistant, Chip read it and explain it to you. Maybe he can give you a daily briefing? Seriously.
Mueller is power mad!
We all know it was overreach but what will be done about Mueller and whoever else is responsible
Either stop the self promotion, or admit you're a traitorous fool.
Mike Huckabee is NUTS...he called for GOP to order Capitol police to raid the FBI...

he clearly has decided his "job" is to find some speck of dirt on the president - no matter how long ago or how far removed from reality it may be. he will ruin the lives of anyone he thinks he can use
Afraid your soulless daughter won't have a job, Fake Jesus Lover?
FIGURES YOU WOULD APPEAR WITH FOX RACISTS, PERVERTS, SLIME BALLS AND FRIEND AND WHICH DO YOU IDENTIFY WITH....YUP, SLIME BALL
You said Fox!!!   That was the end !!!   No one should care or waste their time in hearing your comments!!!
I don’t understand, Mr Huckabee, how and why that was allowed to happen.
Is Robert Rosenstein doing his job?
That is got to be against code of ethics
Did you want to look this stupid on purpose?
Winning!!!
The FBI obtained a warrant after proving probable cause to a judge in court that a crime was being committed or had been committed as stated by the 4th Amendment. No one or nothing is above the law in the USA...

What bothers you about getting at the truth of a CORRUPT @POTUS @realDonaldTrump? Mueller is a war hero with a spotless record; yet you choose to be on the side of corruption!
What do you say about @GOP CROOKED TACTICS? IDIOT! GOP campaign seeks to brand ex-FBI director Comey a liar as he touts book critical of Trump, via @sltrib
Nothing about the huckabee  clan is surprising,, mike spreads conspiracy theories with Fox News. And his daughter lies everyday to America for an egomaniac!
How it it legal for an investigation to be allowed to continue when it was started on false , phony , unverified material. How can Rosenstein be heading an investigation when he is a witness to that investigation? Someone needs to stop the madness.
Robert Mueller is not the squeaky clean person people make him out to be.
Fire Mueller.
Mike...STFU.
the way your daughter
Lies for a liar
For a living
Tells us exactly
The tree
She fell on her face
From.


That ship has sailed.  Untether your boat as quickly as you can but I am pretty sure this single tweet made that too late.  Sorry man, sucks to hate people
Shhh.  Inquiring minds want to know,  sometimes people steal from us in more than one way.  The great deciever has many tools
You wish!
the man whe was warned by russia about boston marathon bomber terrorists but failed to stop the attack, sent wrong men to prison, and stacked his team with top agents who hated trump & had to be demoted to human resources. this is not an impressive resume
You are hilarious!
