By the way it is just a fence,Israel has never declared any borders as you well know and simply the fact that israel makes regular incursions into gaza means that they fence is av very fluid thing...
Of course it’s a border - unchanged since 1948
Unchanged, Israel conquered Gaza in 1967.
And the West Bank, the Syrian Golan  and the Sinai Peninsula which they gave back to Egypt on condition of Egypt becoming a u.s. client
.@jdgreenblatt45  From a Jewish Israeli citizen, shame on you for justifying Israel's ongoing massacre of human brings in #Gaza.

#BDS will prevail, and you'll have your tiny place in history, alongside George Wallace and others.
If you are a Jewish Israeli citizen then I am Abu Mazen
Spoken like a true #colonialist who wants their captives to behave. What right do you have to help keep #Palestine as an #Israeli #Apartheid “state”?!! What right do you #Zionists have to keep it away from #Palestinians, both indigenous and refugees?  @jdgreenblatt45?
Dire humanitarian circumstances? caused by? And all the millions of dollars donated?  Organizers and leaders should stop/defund terror tunnels and channel the money into farming vegetables using hydroponics! They could export agric produce instead of terror techniques.
That would work out fine except for that blockade by Israel...
To stop those ass h*la - like the driver who wanted to bring in a vehicle with explosives to the 70th celebrations. Cement for tunnel construction gets through by the way!
When are you going to tell Israel about not violating the borders of its  neighbors? Israeli jets over Lebanon, bombing Syria, occupying foreign land?
Meanwhile this isn't a border but you tell Gazans to go die silently
I thought Jared was going to fix this in a week. I guess since he only has a secret clearance he doesn't know there are still problems.
So very odd to deliver a message of peace and civil rights with a strict warning to stay away from a security fence (or be shot).

Yup. That's us. Just causing problems. @ticartoonprojec 
really ?!..
Hamas is doing this in order to distract the people from the real source of their problems - Hamas itself. #sad Shabbat Shalom.
Yeah that's why the snipers are targeting journalists and kids. People who are unarmed and defenseless. Your pathetic argument is ridiculous. There is no need for the IDF to be shooting anyone. They want to shoot them.
“Dire humanitarian circumstances “ ???  It’s self-inflicted !!!
Too many Palestinians are brainwashed with the idea of martyrdom. They’re literally looking to provoke reaction and possible glorious death by going down fighting the Jews. Meanwhile Hamas are there to purposefully exploit every death for political gain.
The world knows what US bringing peace and democracy really means, but I wouldn't expect someone with Donald Trump in their profile picture to bother being the least bit curious about it.
Gov. - NO! Palestinians don't belong in Gaza! They should be Transported to Jordan, Egypt, orAnyplace Else, but Not beAllowed to Live Anyplace in, near, or around, Israel! Since June, 2007, the Gaza Strip has been Governed by Hamas, a Palestinian Islamic Org. and Enemy of Israel!
Their “dire humanitarian circumstances” might be due to their destructive behavior. Just a thought.
Agreed
The Israel people should have the area the Palestine’s settled
https://www.facebook.com/prolifefirst/videos/530540073959316/UzpfSTE2NDA4NTg2NzE6MTAyMTQxNjg2NzgwNDQ1MTc/ … 
check it out...
Well said
Sorry , Who is the guy ? 
Blatt ?
I think Palestinians r mature enough to know what’s best for them & their future, But u should know ur obligations as a rep. of a super power #USA, to stop supporting #ApartheidIsrael & to force them to respect & implement the international resolutions. #Israel70 #Nakba70
If they are "mature enough" to know what's best for them stop winning when they got killed as terrorists. 
what border?? there is no border but fence built by the oppressor!
They get most aid money of all countries in the world!
It's true they have the right to protest.
It's also true they should address the protest against the ruling terror group HAMAS.
Other than that it's another poor Palestinians manipulation.
There is no official border, only a security fence designed to entrap Gazans. They can be shot simply for being on their own farms.
Obviously you don't know what your talking about, and are regurgitating talking points.
Agreed
