Mueller ,has shown. He is the one that needs to be investigated.
Only met with Russians during the miss universe pagent in Moscow. He's not a germophobe. Neither am i but i wouldn't have any women micturating on me either. FAKE .....News.
Hypothetically, speaking. If he did have prostitutes pee on him. Before he was President. And made a trip to Russia and did all these things. What law did he break that would warrent impeachment. Bill Clinton raped his secretary. Never saw the inside of a jail.
When is @realDonaldTrump going to turn the tables?  Time to end it.
I think that time is getting close.
When he does it, he should do it to a really funny song at a rally.
Maybe bring up a Mueller stand in on stage.
“The essence of Government is power; and power, lodged as it must be in tiny hands, will ever be liable to abuse.” - James Madison #POTUS #tinyhands
2020
Americans! Are You sign a https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 … Please Help! Sign and RT! God bless You!
Pls sign & rt.
Problem is that Mueller didn't write that list. Trump's people did and Trump's people leaked it. Thanks for playing. Try again.
this witch hunt and illegal behavior by Muller must stop.  Wiretapping Michael Cohen's conversations, double standard, why didn't they wiretap Hillary and her band of criminals

 #Trump2020 
 #VoteRed2018 
 #FireMuller 
 #FireRosenstein 
@realDonaldTrump
Sure. Why not just allow a serial criminal stay in the WH?

Many people are saying Trump is a latently clouted magnolia
At least they're not up Trump's ass (condition also known like "trumpturd") 
Your candidate lost.
That is a deranged take. Anti-American. Everyone is subject to the rule of law, Mike.
First. What state are you presently the Governor of that you continue to use that title? 
Second. I have a daughter too. If she lied for the President , on purpose, like yours does i would wash out her mouth with soap. 
Third, you are no Christian Minister.
4th...Go to HELL!
How do you feel listening to your daughter daily- dodge the truth and repeat lies? 
70 percent and growing-are disgusted.
That's great, but "Stand down!" ? Mueller needs to Go/Be Ousted/Shut Down by the President, if he doesn't want to do it, then AG Jeff Sessions can do it - If Sessions won't do it, then Replace him and the New AG can do it, or the Dir. of National Intel., Dan Coats, can do it!
You need your head examined(COMRADE)
Do what Obama would do...invoke Executive Privilege
Well, that would be so simple, wouldn’t it?
Quick question Mike; why does your daughter lie so much?
are we sure those questions are from @BobSMueller ?
I don't see them releasing questions before the big test. That's not how this works.
It's obvious that Trump doesn't talk to your daughter and it's obvious why, you think Ivanka took her to the Olympics bc she likes her? No, photo op/comparison next to Sara makes Ivanka look like a beauty queen. Mariah Carey does the same thing.
@GovMikeHuckabee when will you be part of the Trump cabinet??? You are a true American Patriot!!!
The many deep state criminals
And now we're wire tapping @potus in an attempt to get dirt.
When will this end?
T OTHER 3 AMIGOS.
MAGA
Well, I guess that settles it then.
Andrew McCarthy was an Assistant US Attorney...facts should matter even to the Huckabee family although obviously they dont..McCarthy has been serving as a right wing nut job for the past 15 years..
Trump’s a KNOWN LIAR & CORRUPT HUMAN BEING! You can go visit him in Federal Prison
Those are easy questions to answer. Here are the simple answers to those lame BS questions.
Best joke I’ve heard all day!
We need to post Questions that should be asked to Mueller/Comey/Rod Rosenstein/Sessions. We have an even more wide ranging comprehnsive list of abuses
Yes and yes!
Yup! Trump shouldn’t bother with nonsense
Sad to see Sarah get thrown to the wolves for 45. As a father I would be outside my skin watching this take place.
And you support a guy named trump who is more than willing to toss these Unites States under Russia's bus....ah huh...you can not be a Christian. And do this.
I agree Mueller is Evil.  I was proud of Sarah today at the Press Briefing, she does a great job.
You would have made a great mouthpiece of any corrupt dictatorship (take your pick)... In times of imperiled democracy, you and your daughter do ZERO service to the Republic.
Guilty then.
Awan Brothers
Agree! Mueller is out of line
Let it go.

It’s almost like... I dunno... maybe Michelle Wolf was kinda right. https://twitter.com/evanmcmurry/status/992112922364076032 …
I guess ur in bed with Russia too.
Hmm strange since a Trump team member leaked the questions
Because Spanky can’t tell the truth. How stupid does the GOP think the American people are? No one is that stupid. 
The picture of the Three Stooges with a token female thrown into that den.
What a picture of a bunch of liars
What a great example to set for trumps fellow criminals. Did you see the lying disaster your deplorable daughter had this afternoon? #LyingHypocrite
I guess you operate like @PressSec; with the best alternative information that you have.
Did you miss the part where the questions were written by, and leaked by, Jay Sekulow?
Huckabee and Meadows and Nunes and all of the rest of the traitorous Conservative Republicans will be the ones to “stand down”, unless they get knocked down for their crimes first.
During the FBI's interview with Hillary, she stated "she did not recall" 32 times.  In case of POTUS Trump asking him how he felt at a particular point in time is preposterous, how could anyone comprehensively remember that?
Are you a traitor to the United States? Donald Trump will most certainly answer all questions for the investigation and you and everyone else will not interfere. Do you understand State Governor? This is a Federal matter.
You DO realize that those questions came from trump’s lawyer, not Robert Mueller right?
@Comey and Mueller are involved in a conspiracy that’s now backfiring on them. A shameless plot to illegally exonerate Hillary and, if she didn’t win the election, to then frame D. Trump with a falsely created crime. Big mistake!
                     
You’re as big a liar as your daughter. Trump’s legal team created those questions and then leaked them. It’s amateur hour at the White House.
Back off and no one gets Trumped
When will you stop with the fake bullshit. This list of q’s were made up and leaked by Trump’s legal team. Nothing is being leaked by the special prosecutor. When will u stop drinking the kook aid? Oh that’s right, your lying daughter works there so you’ve lowered ur standards.
"Nothing is being leaked by the special prosecutor"
What has been leaked? Examples please!!!!!
Most recently, the questions for Trump were leaked...that was just a couple of days ago.

Just google it, you'll find quite a few.
What are you and Republicans so afraid will be exposed? How can your loyalty be to a compulsive liar over country?
Why do you continue to try and subvert a lawful investigation?
Why do you disparage our best law enforcement agencies?
How can your intentions be trusted?
Ans pls
Don’t they look like a cozy bunch, tell me this was not a setup, Americans will. It stand for much more of this
Fire Session
Jay Sekulow wrote that list of questions. You’re the stupidest man on earth besides your believers and kids
In other words, Trump’s inner-circle is afraid Trump will lie. Pretty pathetic to have such a dishonest president that constantly tells blatant lies on a daily basis.
Hey, I can't figure out who is dumber...you or your snarky daughter. The questions were compiled by Sekulow. Just sit down and shut up...Trump will be gone soon and you will still be an afterthought.
Yep

Sir Trump should stand down
.he should also publicly apologize to Spicer an your daughter  .how she can defend that man an call Comie a liar is amazing
Stand down , bugger off too.
Don't look now, Governor, but you appear to be functioning under the assumption that Donald Trump is a crook.

Do the American people deserve to know whether their president is a crook?
Got any funny jokes today?
I see a coup in progress by democrats to overthrow a freely elected president, by any means.
For sure
DJT shouldn’t testify because he’s guilty.
This is a pic of the conspirators!
TOTALLY AGREE!
Mueller needs to get a life and quit looking for monsters under the bed like a two year old.
I trust @POTUS and @RudyGiuliani to make the best decision.
#WeLoveOurPOTUS #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #Winning #DrainTheSwamp #PrayingForOurPOTUSandAmerica
No, that's not how it works.  How do you justify your daughter lying and the president lying while you spin dirt for the devil?
You do realize no one really cares what you think, right?
Most fathers would be trying to rescue their daughter from the  burning building. You just like to watch it burn.
You are a special Kind of stupid, maybe being a closet nazi brings on the brain drain.
Why are you so far up trumps ass?  Aren't you supposed to be a religious guy?
What does that Orange whale have on you?  I sure hope the FBI is looking into this.
You gotta be scared to be pressing this hard. BTW, when Mueller wants  a talk, he'll get one. It's not optional. Fool
Fire Sessions and then appoint Rudy Interim AG. He fires Rosentwerp and other headsmen in DOJ, and shuts Mueller down.  It's very bold and would cre8 const crisis;  but it's the Repubs only chance. The DOJ, etc. will ignore any and all laws to bring down Trump. Gotta b on offense
You want to pray for someone on National Prayer Day? Pray for your daughter.
I’m no lawyer and I know that ...
Those that corrupt together, stay together.
Those are Trump’s Lawyer’s questions...
Hell, any guilty person is recommended to avoid questioning.
Who is the President: Mueller or Trump? Fire muller and lets concentrate on MAGA. God bless our President Trump
This witch hunt has found no Russians under the bed - a waste of time and money.  Muller should go away and take his Obama team with him.
WE WIN
he has no right atoll to ask , he should answer to accusations, slap him then  handcuff the basterd and throw him in prison
Thanks for your bias take, Rev. Dopey.
Yeah well since jay sekulow wrote the list, and the trump team leaked it, the story is pointless nonsense.

Go back to defending your lying daughter.  (especially after today when she got caught in yet another whopper.)
Forget the president, Gov. Huckabee needs to save his daughter!

@realDonaldTrump Yes he should. It has gone very well beyond the scope, and he is prolonging for employment reasons. His job is done already. No collusion or conspiracy, except for the clintons.
Muller is Hillary/Obama Mule! CYA for their crimes. NO DOUBT THEY ARE ILLEGAL SPYING, BLACKMAILING and Paying people to Lie! SO CORRUPT!
Phew! That was Easy!
Why? Because Trump might answer the way he so often does: off script? A man with nothing to hide needn't fear.
Mueller and his big jaw should just get lost!
I think Mueller is afraid to complete his investigation because he would be under investigation with the uranium deal with Hillary and his other FBI buddies. Mueller is not afraid to break the law because he feels he's above the law.
Wishful thinking!!!
...because in Republicanworld, the current president—but only the current president—is above the law. The last president was a tyrant and a dictator, but this one wouldn’t be even if he ignored a subpoena.
YEAH RIGHT
lol. Your brofriend Li'l Donnie should make his reservation for the presidential suite at the Graybar Hotel. He's cooked. Done.
Those questions were written (and leaked) by Trump's lawyers.
Fire the guy! No edvidence! Send mueller to JAIL!
Pay attention...there is all.kinds of edvidence
Trump needs to tell Mueller where he can put his list of questions.
One would think AG Sessions should require a "status" on where things are from Mueller/FBI and cost to taxpayers so far.  Should be plenty of ammo to pull the plug.  Then go to work on HRC, Come et al.
You're a hack. Your daughter's a liar, and you whole family could do with more salads.
Yep.
@marklevinshow interview with @AndrewCMcCarthy is mandatory listening:
your daughter is way smarter than you no offense , I don't know how she can handle the press.
Mueller is using our $$$ to commit fraud against our @POTUS.
Can we file suit against Mueller?
I wouls like the swamp to  answer these questions including Mueller

