
Sarah Huckabee is in pain cause Michelle Wolf called her a liar, if she doesn't want to be called out as a big liar, she should stop lying every time she gets on stage.
Anyway I don't give a f... about her 
ICE... here's an Illegal Alien! 
See something say something! 
@ICEgov #ILLEGALALIENS

https://twitter.com/magapowerdotcom/status/991285795079180289?s=19 …
Because I'm Latino doesn't made illegal you stupid ass, I'm american citizen, you been reported for hateful and blocked
Soros and his octopus network of subversive groups need to be - not only exposed- but indicted- charged with sedition and have their treasonous assets seized. When that happens, the WORLD returns to normal.
Anyone who is as disruptive to our society as Soros should be taken out! They have no second thoughts about taking out Hussien or Quaddafi; Soros poses a bigger threat to our society.
Does this mean they too are sitting on information that would lead to indictments? We The People are paying the bills. I am sure we the people would rather the wall to be funded, and built.
Nope.  We the people would like to feed and house veterans before we build a useless wall.
#ladders
Electrify the wall.
LOL that would end the wall scaler's
5 months almost to the day and nothing. No arrests. No leaking of this info. No GITMO. Corruption everywhere. The core is rotten.
And now we know exactly what that "project" was.
What about the horde of illegals massed on our border right now? There are tens of thousands more on their way.
This is the biggest immediate threat facing the United States
They are trying to make America a third world nation, like from where they came!
What if anything will Jeff Session do?

I believe this is called "Hearsay" in court?

Past that, what of it? Billionaires such as the Koch brothers have been funding superpacs and opposition research in the opposite direction for decades. Have you got something new? Like why the dossier is 85% confirmed?

That was started by Republicans first during primary get a thing called fact check works wonders Huckleberry hound needs it to
Yea, and there's a $10 billion dollar corporation that is spreading right wing lies and deception every single day.  It's called Fox news, and they pretty much own you...

http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/tv/fox/ …
Let’s say you are right. That is one network agains the rest of the MSM. They all lean left and fail to report good things about conservatives and lie about others. Add in liberal colleges and professors which are overwhelmingly liberal I say the field is tilted liberal
Funny how all the people who are way more educated than you tend to be liberals, isn't it?
You call it education I call it indoctrination. I happen to have a degree and served my country in the AF for 31 years. Can you say you have given as much. The majority of the country is center right. The only way to change that is unrestricted immigration which is dems agenda
Wrong again Sherlock, and as for me, I've been working at not for profit hospitals for 25 years...
At last the truth.... Good work
Huckabee believes the fed gov might go broke if we don’t cut “entitlements” and other social spending.  Trump said on campaign the fed gov can never go broke because it just “prints” dollars.  Who to believe? .
Trump. As long as they can continue to print Fiat money, they won't run out--BUT--it brings the Value down.
So, you find those excess, inflation causing, dollars and tax them away 

That's not what he said. He stated in an unpublished paper titled "Race and Rights Rhetoric" while still at Harvard: "I may not be Donald Trump now, but just you wait; if I don't make it, my children will."  It was about individual freedom and mobility. Not that he admired him.
Why do people on the right always resort to name calling? You do that and you lose the argument. I was clarifying what he wrote. Your statement took what he stated out of context to "prove" your point and it's not what he said.
Sure....read it again.
No surprise! They are all greedy globalist ‘s. I lived and worked there.
Trust the plan.


I believe that many Dems had there fingers in that pecan pie! Clinton's idea but brought in many just in case. Well "It's in case". HBC won't go down by herself.  She's kryptonite.
Isn't this treason?
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/20/17031772/mueller-indictments-grand-jury … Don't you think it's time to clean out the Koch problem that the Republicans seem to have and the Mercer problem..The money addiction is making you all lose your minds..
Government service should be a temporary calling, not a get rich career path.  Obviously, ppl need to be reimbursed for time away from their occupation, but it should be treated more like National Guard duty than a crony competition requiring millions to win a throne.
Trump is known as ridiculous smudge of testy mouldy cabbage
Hateful lefty comments like that got him elected. Keep up the good work.
Thanks, Lisa, will do!
Nope. Funded by the GOP. When they no longer needed it Fusion offered it to the Clinton campaign they bought it. Your hands are not clean. Stop lying.
Mike Huckabee.  High priestess of the snowflakes
Doesn’t surprise me a bit.  GS is an old man dying and wants to destroy everyone else’s future.
He has a sick ideology.
So why is republicans not investigating it? Are you afraid something else might turn up.
Want to get really pissed off with the filthy Democrats? Read this. Their work continues. Fienstein is a joke.
America is getting tired of the DOJ going after Trump with literally no crimes foumd. When leaked emails and testimony show treason sedition and espionage with the Obama admin and others.
Soros is behind most collusion and discontent in the world. That is his intent. Investigate him and kick him out of the USA.@realDonaldTrump
So these Democrats colluded with the Russians to destroy the President of the United States? Isn’t that treason?
This is just so ridiculous! #2TierJusticeSystem #EndWitchHunt There is real stuff going on in this country! Let our President do his job!
Huckabee is following in the long right-wing tradition of blaming everything on wealthy Jews working in secret conspiracies - I did nazi that coming.
Stop Lying.  Just Stop !!
That's interesting. I can't find any public hearings by the Senate Intel Committee for November 3, 2017. Could you please elaborate?
Senate Intel Committee meetings are a joke. As useless as the FBI. No one goes to jail, unless they’re a conservative.
 "But this story smells so bad, it’s time to put on the nose clips and do a more in-depth examination of how rotten it is." I just love your sense of humor! I know you are serious though!!!
Geeks & nerds were never meant to have this much power !! Biology says it should never be!!
This investigation needs to stop.  It really ticks me off that taxpayers are footing the bill for this BS!
I’m not surprised!!!
And we have still not placed Soro's Clinton and Obama into GITMO yet WHY!
The Dossier has been proven to be mostly correct, so the rest of the story is mostly BS.
When will Soros answer for his crimes against humanity?
It's something inexorable: Behind every criminal act is George Soros.
Soros and Obama are in bed with each other.
Soros should be deported.
Diane is dirty. Going down!
No more dual US/Israel citizens in government positions.
Funny how NO  RINO said anything!
I want to say unbelievable, a year-and-a-half ago I would have. By the way Gov, apologies on behalf of all conservatives & any decent Dem, if there is any. For having to watch your daughter get ridiculed,  harassed with such hate. As a Dad, I thought of you often as I watched. 
They are desperately trying to bury that. We don’t have a Republican Party worth their weight, that would expose this, they have to worry about what they did
@SenFeinstein has long been a trouble maker...........She's NOT a republican in her actions!
Imagine that , Diane has some secrets.... dig deep, her pockets are full 
These leftist should not be getting away with this sad that we don’t have a true attorney general we have a lame duck
Will sedition ever be more than a word to our DOJ?

Why are we focused on imaginary meddling from Putin when actual meddling is right in front of us?   Why isn't Soros dealt with?
Well what a shock. There’s George Soros name again. Think it should be connected to one of the past top leaders
I’m saying to you Gitmo isn’t Large enough for the Criminals about to be exposed  
Um...I'm a little confused here? Looks like Soros really likes doing business with Jared Kushner. Smh. Disappointing, huh?
Colluding. I think Soros has more influence than any elected official
Don't forget the Pultizer prize story.#MAGA @VP
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE!! It’s time to NAME NAMES!
@Rightwingmadman Wasn’t sure at one time seeing they were on the CIA payroll. This confirms it.
Sotos, this nazi sympathizer needs to be done with! He had ruined so many lives, so many countries! Why is this pig allowed to live! He needs the death penalty! But I'm sure he'll escape from prosecution!
How convenient of you to forget Cambridge Analytica. They thank you for your deliberately disingenuous lapse in memory.
That doesn't surprise me, Governor! I'm sure the Dirty Hands of Sen. Diane Feinstein were involved in it too! Thanks for that information!
If it really matters who funded it, why aren't you brining up the fact the dossier was originally funded by a conservative website, The Washington Free Beacon?   When Trump emerged as the probable candidate, they dropped funding it.
Yeah they knew,so have we when are they going to do something
Soros? I also assume Colonel Sanders and Illuminate were in on it too.

Thousands marched last night at one of the biggest protests in Israel
Right after, we saw this in ashdod
New victims from portugal…
The more is found out against Trump and co, the more apparently is found out against the other side. Really? Wait till the truth comes out. Most of the times it's the liar who lies.
Facebook and George soros and besos? They all need to be jailed
This would be the FBI lovebirds insurance policy...
NO DOUBT!
When did Feinstein feel pressured to release fusion gps testimony? Why was she even on the investigation on judiciary committee with this obvious bias?
If only people paid attention to this last November like I had.
Governor Bel Edwards Democrat wants to push us all off the cliff this isn't a political stunt this is urgency people will really die Mike please contact FOX News and anybody in office especially the president and Sarah we need help here in Louisiana
Does this mean Dianne Einstein , Is working with Soros on her next Soros funded congressional vote. Or somebody thought she looked like a congress woman .
You:  The fed gov might go broke if we don’t slash “entitlements”.  Trump during campaign:  Fed gov can never go broke because it just “prints” our national currency.  Who to believe?  You or your hero, Trump?
Trump said that with tongue in Cheek but the Dems , left and media will take it as the gospel truth because they want it to be. Let a Dem make a tongue in cheek comment and it is a joke.
Greenspan to Ryan:  Nothing prevents the fed gov from creating as much money as it wants to and giving it to someone.  Only limit on gov spending is availability of real resources and inflation:
2/.  St Louis Fed:
3/. Treasury official on how our monetary system works, including fact that gov issues the dollars u use to pay tax:
4/. Anyway, joke is on you for voting to prevent our currency issuer from funding broad public purpose when it issues our national currency.  Means households must rely on private bank debt to do so:
Your propaganda insults our intelligence, but it's better than your jokes
Grasping at straws Huckashit
Intel Committee? Seriously?
God Help Us ALL.
@LouDobbs @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @Liz_Wheeler @dbongino @mitchellvii @RealJamesWoods @chuckwoolery
Old! Paid for by @gop! Didn't help #littleMarco or #LyingTed and you #fuckabee bringing that up as a distraction will not help #treasonweasel #trump or your #Disgraceful, LYING, #smokeyeyed daughter!   #FakeChristians,  "#lipstickonaPig"

Oh Mikey, you seem so desperate. Trying to protect your lying daughter and stay relevant.  YAWN

Maybe Jared Kushner is secretly trying to take down his father-in-law?! OMG!!!!!!!!! 
We seem to be overlooking the fact that jones was eluding to regarding Waldman and Soros.  That is to say that your son tortured and murdered someone's dog and you used your position as governer to cover it up.
@GoldBaron08
Is there any chance of us hearing testimony from you about the fact that you fired people in an attempt to cover up the torture and murder of a stray dog at the hands of your son, David? Or is that a (((Soros))) conspiracy?
#FakeNews you’re a bully

Lie.
Your daughter is a chip off the old lying block.
Surprised?  Not!

@WhiteHouse
George Soros? Trump's pal! Financed Trump Tower Chicago!
Huckabees = agents of Beelzabub.  Let the liars be exposed by the light of day and rot in jail.
Yeah well the Koch boys bought Pompeo. So everyone is even you hack.
And..... get the shovel, the trash just gets deeper than we can ever imaging.
WOW!
Whoa!!!!!!!
Both Trump and Clinton did Opposition Research, the difference is that Clinton's was legal.  Meeting with a Russian Lawyer to get dirt, is illegal.
Opposition Research against your opponent, is Standard Operating Procedure in a campaign.  Also, candidates routinely do it on themselves, but according to Bloomberg, Trump repeatedly refused suggestions that he do opposition research on himself.
Who is the blocked phone number in the house intel report?
What about the ”moonlanding” - any thoughts?
(")>>>>>>>
RT RT RT u can’t make this up
And probably -0- will happen to them.  #despicable
drain the swamp
I get why you and Sarah love trump so much. he doesn’t like animals either. Do you let your son around kids?
Did you raise your kids to torture helpless animals?
Tell your daughter to stop the BS lies from Trump we know the truth how can your daughter look at herself in the mirror everyday By the way did you ever pay the money for song at Kentucky Kim another loser
IMPORTANT Questions: @GOP likes to ignore 2 very important facts, 1. Fusion GPS was originally paid by @marcorubio people to collect trash on Trump & later picked up by Dems 2. If they had all this trash on Trump, why didn’t @DNC use it against Trump? Like Trump did the emails?
Whoa Nelly...
Your President like to be peed on, fatso.  Get used t it
@PressSec so is the father a pathological liar; the daughter can't get rid of that trait: LYING. When Mike Huckabee dies & saw that Jesus Christ is a blackman, & send him to hell, no American flag can save him.
And your point is?  Republicans funded the dossier first if that's what you are referring to.  So stop being so hypocritical.  No one in politics wanted Trump to run. And now that we have him, you can rest assured Banana Republic is not far behind.  His dream is being dictator.
Gov sad to say no matter how much U find out abt it, so long as DEMs/Lefties n Liberals r doing it, NOTHING will happen other than our country will remain restless which makes us vulnerable to our enemies.
I'm glad there are some rich people still interested in exposing Trump's treachery.
Awww...Huckabee trying to sound smart.
He is smart, a genius, like his daughter, Sarah!
Your wriggling about who funded the Steele dossier disregards the fact that many of its points have proven to be true: primarily Russian attempts to help Trump win, confirmed by US intelligence agencies.
If it were all a bunch of nonsense, you’d have nothing to worry about. But more evidence of collaboration keeps emerging, and CheetoFuhrer is still lying about not spending the night in Moscow.
Can you post this in the original language? Spasiba.
