OPINION: Mike Huckabee: We cannot abandon the heroes who helped us fight the War on Terror in Afghanistan and Iraq https://fxn.ws/2r2ZPHO 
If only we could forget you, though.
I’ll bet you’ve been called more imaginative names than “asshole” I’m surprised the person who replied to you even spelled the word “you’re” correctly.

So much respect I cannot properly express my gratitude. Thank you Governor.
Probably the only reason many republicans are anti-abortion is they like live babies to grow up to be dead soldiers.
Amen Mr. H.
We Patriots here in this Country will never FORGET.
Totally agree Governor. Excellent article.
I pray and and cry 4 Elfie Evans. A little boy 23 months old didn't have a chance because the UK government did not want him to get well and he died at 2:30 a.m. American time how sad is this!
You are absolutely right! We must stand behind our military - on or off the battle field.
Your LEADER, private Bone Spurs (Five time deferment) agrees with you Reverend.

LETS NOT FORGET THE 5 TIME DRAFT DODGER NOT IN VIETNAM
What about Captain Bonespurs
You liberals are hilarious. Just can't stop thinking about Trump for a minute can you?
We proud liberals cannot stop thinking about the day in the near future when @realDonaldTrump  resigns, and goes to jail.
Remember your own daughter works for a fucking draft dodger.  Bone spurs my ass.
Excellent.
This coming from the party that has cut and voted down expansions in veterans benefits repeatedly. They will thank you for your service as long as they don’t have to do the fighting or pay for it.
You have been abandoning those who do the fighting in America since the Korean War todate. That is why, Trump had the Idiotic, Ingrate audacity to nominate his Incompetent, "doctor" Ronny Jackson the "Candy-man" as his VA Secretary to replace a disgraced VA..
VA already has a year ago even one pain medication for a sick injured veteran was cut off from all. And even cancer patients can't get pain control.
You are so right! We must not forget our brave hero’s ever!
Always remember #FreedomIsntFree
Amen! Them and the  Vietnam vets 
My cousin spent nearly a yr. at Walter Reed & recieved wonderful care. He now does wonderful work helping vets & families. Those on here disparaging you & support for vets should be ashamed! #democratsarehypocrites
Thank you Gov. This is a picture of my cousin at our family reunion 2 yrs. ago. He is 1 of 5 survivors who lost all 4 limbs. An IED Bomb in Afghanistan on his 3rd tour. His daughter was a baby, and by God's grace he's alive! Him and his wife now have a little boy.
Let’s include John McCain you know the guy Trump attacks constantly. But I guess that serves your purpose. You are no patriot if you were you would of condemned those attacks.
Let’s not forget Cadet Bone Spurs.
Get us out of there. No more lives lost on this phoney war.
Oh VA  sad  medical care
#fuckyou
