
“What is the narrative of innocence? What is the narrative of why a campaign trying to win primaries in Iowa would need to be talking to Russians at all?"…
What about Uranium One???Now that's collusion with Russia at the detriment of the United States!
What about Unicorns? They import cocaine inside their horn at the southern border. Why did Trump write that executive order banning the hunting of Unicorns? Answer that question correctly then you'll have the answer to yours.
You really are not comparing an average citizen to a Presidential candidate's lawyer and President's lawyer, are you? Come now Gov. Huckabee, surely you even see that is absurd.
This really bothers me that that kind of thing can happen here in America! what in the world happened to lawyer and client confidentiality?  I understand they got some other persons papers too!!
Our society is upside down. Morally, legally and every other way.
You known damn well that it is very difficult to obtain a search warrant. There must be proof a crime was committed and clear information showing that evidence of the  crime is in a specific location. You know this yet you mislead the gullible and uneducated. #FoxNews #Huckabee
Keep telling yourself that. When they come for you , you will change your tune. It’s justice for all not justice for  only those you agree with . #WitchHunt

Mr Huckabee why cant anyone see this is a coup?
It's an attempted coup. Grow up and wake up, and fast.
Only marshal law fix fishing expeditions agencies who openly violating constitution and attacking duly elected president. America got stuck on the hands of corrupted officials agencies who being appointed by elected President who congress remove his power to fire the corruption.
FOX and @GovMikeHuckabee  There was NO "busting into someone's home" here. What was done was pursuant to lawful process and interstingly by REPUBLICANS...go figure?  You are far worse than the dirt you throw on others.
POTUS & Lots Of Prayer
This is a bleed over of Chicago “organized”politicking , these tactics are criminal in nature and we are now experiencing at full exposure the overreaching abuse. If the President with all his money & resources is attacked what are our chances as a private citizen? 
A lawful investigation, with a search warrant is not an attack and trump is anything but a victim. He's just a crook afraid of getting caught.
Your as wrong @jackgo2 as those fools running California, wake up before they run over you.
I am awake and fully aware of who the crooks are. You can find them in the White House.
Now I know you’re on some really Powerful meds, the real Crooks were in control since the last administration, the illegal sales of uranium, the overnight flights of millions of dollars in a number of foreign currency to Iran, the Clinton Foundation pay to play, should I go on?
Uranium one was a Canadian company, so tell me again how Hillary sold America's uranium. The overnight flight was necessary because there is no banking relationship between America and Iran plus it was their money frozen in the 70s after the hostage crisis. It was..
and crimes not seen since prohibition they “Overnighted” the uranium sale through Canada to keep this illegal action under the radar
Your an absolute idiot, who's desperately trying to make a conspiracy over everything you hear. First of all the uranium is low grade, only useful for hospital diagnosis machines and power plants and Canada regularly sells it around the world, so no you can't take it and
Well Colorado accepta 95% of all evidence that is obtained with a faulty or false search warrant. So law enforcement in CO. Doesn't really even need a search warrant then?!?
It happens everyday to the poor and black minorities. Don't hear any politicians complaining about that.
Who is protecting us from all the corruption and liars in the WH?
In all of Washington! Oust them all I say! If they say they area politicians and their mouth is running they are lying! Thats how Trump won. He wasnt a politician so the least likely of the choices to be a liar...we tried!
I mean as long as you're not committing federal crimes you should be good
Seems that draining the swamp is a federal crime.
Hey it was Bush &Cheney and the GOP that invented it with the Patriot Act. Old Huckleberry has amnesia!
They had a warrant issued by a judge who determined that a crime may have been committed.  That is what they do you silly twit
Any crooked judge beholden to the Democrats would do that. Their are a lot of crooked Democratic judges around.
I will bet that there are more crooked Republican judges and politicians starting from the very top
I don’t understand how people in the law enforcement agencies like the police, detectives, etc don’t find it extremely bothersome that trump and the GOP leaders are constantly undermining and insulting the highest level of the law at the FBI? Is there no respect at that level?
Let’s have this discussion when Cohen is in jail and 45 is impeached
I don’t worry because unlike you Pal I’m not a sleazey shister! you are all going to be doing your Jackie Gleason hum hum hum . What are you going to do a apolize to all of us for being so totally wrong .
Why are you so stupid?  Its embarrassing
Preach!!!! Not the US I grew up in!!!
They broke the law and 6th amendment. They need closed down.
You are the worst. All three of you. You don’t know what they searched for. You don’t know what they found. All was super-legal and above board. Sit down and shut up.
And another misinformed leftist talking about something you haven't a clue about. Get your 4th grade education complete before tweeting stupidity, I believe 4th grade is where we learned how government works.
God, I admire you.
Lol
They got a search warrant and they did NOT bust in.
Duh:(not the Russian word for yes, I mean it’s original meaning for anyone reading this thinks otherwise), thank you.!
A singularly dumb tirade based on a flawed premise but why let a fully legal procedure get in the way of being paid to speak rubbish but its a family trait.

Thank goodness I don’t have a basement.
Goddamnit Mike, just shut the fuuuuuuuuuuck up 
It's about the fusion GPS lawsuit I bet...
Running scared!
You are just like your daughter. There are so many lies told none of you know the truth MUELLER DID NOT SEIZE COHEN'S RECORDS. THE STATE IF NEW YORK IS OVERSEEING THIS CASE. They did not bust into his hotel, they knocked, he answered. He said they were courteous,professional.
Coming from the one who raised his daughter to be a professional lier!
You sir are an IDIOT.
This is “police state” behavior if the break in warrant on POTUS personal lawyer isn’t based on major crimes against person or state. It better result in collusion proof. If it’s about Stormy or any other un-associated off investigation issue it’s represents a threat to all of US
That’s why we need guns corrupt government
We the people that's who
Perhaps not committing a crime. trump should try that.
Who believes a Christian that supports a man that lies and commits adultery. Those are trumps good attributes Huckabee you’re soul is in danger
Fishing expedition  The investigation is headed by Robert Khuzami, who spoke at GNC. 
SDNY doesn't investigate petty crap, and not without probable cause.   Sit back.
I just can’t take him seriously!


Definitely not the Orange Head !!!
There was no busting fatso, they went in with respect ask the lawyer. Why can’t you and your daughter ever tell the truth?
spread the false propaganda Mikey, you are so good at lying, now we know the apple doesnt fall far from this big fat tree.
You may be right that this has nothing to do with Russia/Collusion, but (1) the raid on Cohen couldn't have happened if there wasn't some evidence of illegal activity, a judge signed off; (2) Lewinsky had nothing to do with Whitewater but that didn't stop Starr from pursing then
Never thought it could get worse than this, but yes it can — Mueller’s Midnight Goon Squad is an example.
@ananavarro @realDonaldTrump  Better question “who can protect America from Trump”? We are going down hill fast. Deportation of innocent, DACA,unrest everywhere, his lies, cheating,ignorance, Russia invasion of elections, always golfing,debt that tripled by taxcut for rich & more
Sick man huck
Huckabee is a fool - quite entertaining but still a fool
During the 1970’s Iran hostage crisis (66 hostages/444days) TV news Nightline ran a nightly special, “America Held Hostage”. Make one for Robert Mueller. He’s holding The President and heartland of America hostage.
They're always trying to paint trump as the victim to justify the atrocities he plans on committing.
This was approved by a Federal Judge, who appointed the judge and what were the political leanings before appointment?
"fishing expedition" ?? ... clearly, you don't understand 1) evidence of a potential crime, 2) Crime-Fraud Exception, 3) due process, 4) rule of law.
Sounds like something that happened in German held countries during WWII.
its called the US laws and if you break em and the fbi is tipped off you get raided
2A
The constitution protects us, you dipshit has been.
As far as I am concerned Mueller has gone way too far. This fishing expedition has gone way too far and spent way too much of tax payer's money. That is all Mueller is doing, trying to make more money for himself and destroy our president.
That isn't what happened. We all know it and so do you.
As you know very well, they had overwhelming evidence of wrongdoing or they would not have been granted a search warrant. Tell the truth, Mike, not alternative “facts.”
Now if I didn't know any better I'd say you are a regular jackass, but I do know better, so I'm gonna say it  you're a jackass

I live next to a river and have fishing gear they can use.
Take a knee bro 
When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Why are tax dollars funding the FBI given that they have been politicized and now acts as a weapon of the Left. Our tax dollars should not be funding panty-gate when President was a private citizen, this is out of scope!
isn't Huck the dumbest thing you've ever heard
This just proves that Americans do not have to follow federal laws anymore since our federal government doesn't follow federal laws or have any consequences when they disobey them
What happened to lawyer confidentiality. Something needs to be done. Mueller has over stepped his boundaries
But catching a lot of conservative crooks
4th amendment. Funny you have no problem with cops busting in poor peoples homes
If your for this type activity of a non violent person(s) I think you need to think about if it were you. Their certainly would of been two or more deaths if he or his wife would have tried to defend themselves from some witch hunt armed intruders.
Whose to protect the American citizens from leftist, rouge social media like Facebook and Twitter, Google, and other "journalism impersonators" (those who believe they "have the most ink") from their CENSORSHIP and news twisting activities. This is "Deep State" control of gov't.
Just don’t be a crook and you’ll be fine.
I think I know.
Absolutely!!
Two thang says you sound like you want the criminal protected from the LAW, who you with"
If the shoe fits wear it
Boii bye
Our guns will
Many Republicans now sound like the Democrats of the 1960’s.  The Democratic Party is now in BED with the FBI, CIA, NSA, & DOJ.  Did you ever think that would happen? The Democrats are moving closer to establishing a tyrannical government.  God help us all.
#NobodyProtectsYouFromTheFBIBallBag #DontCommitCrimeFux
Stop lying! They had a legal search warrant, signed off by Republican officials after it was shown that the privilege does not apply when used to cover up crimes. You are doing this country a grave disservice.
@Jim_Jordan #2 of 2 Tweets - "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the Lord, make his paths straight." Mark 1: 3 KJV  I feel like John the Baptist 24/7 - Just "The voice of one crying in the wilderness,!" Somebody Please Hear Me! PROTECT OUR PRESIDENT!
Raid! - #1 of 2 Tweets It hasEverything2do with BringingDownPresident Trump - The OnlyTarget and Subject in/of Mueller's Investigation! Get those 4+ Heads of the DOJ/FBI (Rosenstein, Horrowitz, Wray, Sessions, etc.) out NOW b4 they succeed in bringing down the President! HELP!
Hopefully @realDonaldTrump NOW knows who Robert Muller is and that he is NOT @POTUS friend!
@GovMikeHuckabee all searches are done thru the US courts with real lives judges. Stop gas lighting the ignorant to destroy r country
Wake up America!!!
Hey Buckwheat- federal agencies don't do ANYTHING without the concurrence of judges & magistrates and with subpoenas in hand.  But, you know that.   #RepublicanTraitors
Just remember folks, this door swings both ways. Your party may be next.
FBI is out of control and no American is safe if they decide you did something wrong, they will come after you anyway they can, legal or not
The federal magistrate thought there was justification, gov
Shut up you ignorant blowhard! @GovMikeHuckabee
Lol says you. Wait wait wait wait wait wait WAIT.  

Trump's personal lawyer was working out of the Squire, Patton & Boggs law offices, who just HAPPEN to be lawyers for Cambridge  Analytica, AND are main lobbyists for Russia's Gazprom oil company.
Some time ago, I suggested that you read the Special Counsel's mission. You obviously ignored that advice, Maybe you could get your assistant, Chip to read it to you? He could even draw pictures or act it out so you might finally understand it.
Gestapo tactics

This is a disgrace to our Country !!! One thing we had left in our Nation,  feeling secure in our homes, that private place called HOME ...
Hey Ass Wipes!  What you gonna do when they tune you out? Lol Fox News where lying is the new normal!
per @ByronYork Rs & Ds on Senate Judiciary Committee had lots of  questions for James Comey after he was fired. He refused to talk. Now,  spends 5 hours with ABC, 'answered every question.' So if he talks to  sell books, why not to Congress? Spot On Byron!
Comey will be speaking to Congress for sure. At Trump's IMPEACHMENT TRIAL!
Hope the public is paying attention to what is happening with the justice system in our country. No one is safe, they are trying to control us and kick in your door and accuse you of anything.  Better wake up, Trump start cleaning house.
You have no idea if there was or was not collusion, you only listen to the lies that you are told by your daughter. Everyone that has been raided have been indicted.
Same courts that issued the warrant, idiot.
Hush
Is sessions on vacation or something? I can’t even believe this.
If you're not breaking the law, why worry about it?  Idiots.  Peace.
They can do it now and always could if you are a suspect. It is not nearly as bad as a black man getting shot 7 times for having a cell phone, faux and Huckabeery didn’t whine about that!
We need to hold judges accountable for their obvious partisan decisions.
Trump is a conman crook, lying thief he is a disgrace to this country


Was Huckleberry outraged when Bill got impeached for lying about a bj out of a real estate investigation?
Who is going to protect America from you, Faux News, and your lying daughter? Fake Christians!
Did you see the affidavit approved by a judge invoking criminality???
WOW AND THIS IS LAW N ORDER OF THE.MAX, NO WONDER ALL THESE CRIMINALS THAT GET OUT W/ BOND OR NOT THEY KEEP ON. THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT DOESNT GETS BUSTED CROOKED HILLARY, COMEY, AND HER GANGS 
Who will hold dirty cops accountable?  The entire DOJ needs an overhaul. Sessions????
Bad enough it was Trump's Lawyer, but the WAY? What happened to knocking on door and handing them search warrant???

This guy needs to be locked up for undermining democracy in a public forum.
Your daughter is.
Federal judges. That’s the job of a magistrate. Without probable cause law enforcement cannot execute a warrant.
Exactly!!!!
I have nothing to hide from Mueller.
President Trump & now the lawyer are actually getting harassed. At which point is this completely beyond the scope of the Investigation? Who is supposed to make sure it stays within certain boundaries?  Sex 13 yrs ago seems way off.
So many crimes discovered in this investigation...now needs to refer to others so he can finish before 2020. On another topic, Ryan bails out leaving a sh-t storm of debt in his wake. 30 trillion by 2028...thanks GOP.
The same people who protected Cohen, you blithering idiot: FEDERAL JUDGES.
And when those federal judges are presented with evidence that the subject is a criminal, they approve a raid.
See how it works now?
The Constitution. Courts. Warrants. Due Process. Legal Rights.

Next question.
Who cares how many women There were?
If you've done nothing wrong you've nothing to fear.
Hahahahahaha
2nd amendment written for this.
You're ,gonna shoot agents that have a search warrant but you are for law and order
No one! It is time for Congress to get in the act and clean house.
A judge signed off on the evidence provided to do the search, it wasnt a random raid. Stop lying!
Nothing stopped them from getting their phony FISA approved by a judge. So there's that too 
Except you don't actually know what the special prosecutor knows, do you? Nor do you know precisely why the raid was executed You accepted that Trump was dirty from the start & will now feign shock & disgust when the chickens come home to roost. History is watching you Governor
Singing the praises of the whole investigation
Shame on you @GovMikeHuckabee - YOU are not privileged to be in the kno at the heart of this investigation.  You have blurred the lines between common sense, moral integrity, and respect for the democratic institutions of this country.  If this were anyone but Trump- you'd be 1/
Who is supposed to protect & stop raids like that? President Trump & his attorney are still citizens with rights. Who’s protecting them from harassment & government over reach? At which point will people be charged with harassment for what they’re doing?
I wonder how they got the warrants... It appears there was something that strongly suggested crimes. Not in the scope of what Mueller is researching, thus they turned it over to the proper jurisdiction. What's so hard to understand?
This is exactly why the founding fathers enacted the 2nd Amendment!
Mule R has lost it in his desperation and failure to come up with some smidgeon of evidence after wasting millions of our tax dollars.
He’s a total disgrace!
that’s not how it works. Now can you explain the lies of your cockeyed daughter #satahsanders I mean did you hit her with an iron skillet or put her head in a vise? #dumptrump
The  Mueller  team  didn't  seek  the  required  Justice Dept.  approvals,  seek  the warrant,  approve  the  warrant,  conduct  the  execution,  or  receive  the  evidence.
You do realize that at least four different parties, including a judge, had to approve of the search, right? Wasn't a fishing expedition.
Existing rule of law?

No prof in that either.Just made up story.

Ironic coming from the people that want to bust into everybody's bedroom and decide who everyone's allowed to have sex with.
#2A
Huckabee and friends try to make it appear as if the counsel has gone rouge, stoking fear and victimhood as usual.
There would be riots in the streets if this was to happen to HRC & WJC lawyers office
We have lost our rights.
Intimidation,, court of public humiliation ,, accuse others of what you do alinsky rules radicals
Mike stop acting stupid. You need a warrant which they got from a federal judge based on probable cause. What happened to the law and order party. Guess it is ok only when it comes others?
FBI draining "We the People's" Rights before our very eyes and no ones doing any thing to oppose them while they're doing it! Who's Guarding the hen House? Now FBI making up their own rules as they go along! Operating at the rules they made for themselves!
Who's going to protect us from people who refuse to apply laws to people in power just because they like the way that power is being wielded?
Fire JEFF SESSIONS!!!!!! He is OUT! not disclosing Recusal to @POTUS.
Your summary of Mueller & his Minions is spot on Governor. Congress is spineless &against our President--ON BOTH SIDES!!So disappointing & sad.Horrible GOP leadership & glad Ryan is going. Like we belive his "be with the family" spin. He's deserting because he was ineffective.
We are quickly becoming a police state. The FBI does not have “unlimited power “ to infringe on citizens personal rights!!
Every American should be worried.
GO HUCK!
Apparently not @DonaldTrump, this very thing just happened to his personal lawyer.
The only exit strategy that can save Mueller and his career, at this point, is for the President to fire him and he's doing everything he can to make that happen. He's begging the President to let him off the hook.
It has to do with suspected criminal behavior!!!!

evidence of crime given to proper jurisdiction..sdny requested and received proper search warrant..if you are investigating a stolen bike..that doesn't mean you ignore the kilo of cocaine sitting on the coffee table..
So any crime they discover not related to Russia should be ignored?

GTFO

You zombie shills don’t even care if these people are criminals. You just don’t want them to get caught.
Well what goes around comes around. What about all the crimes the Clintons and Obama did and no one even did anything about it. They are the ones Mueller should be investigating. Who care about Trumps love life?  We true Americans could care less.
Sigh. When Trump is impeached I will hold Fox News responsible for allowing him a platform
You should be ashamed of yourself. Really??
Simply not true.
This guy is wacked
All these actions are the product of Obama’s /Clinton’s Cartel/Soros totalitarian  Administration ! Soros  wants one only Government to rule the world and he wants to be the ruler. @SebGorka @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods
Soros = Koch brothers
He got a point there
The raid had nothing to do with Russia. It was about election fraud and as long as there are people like gov Huckabee who consider partisan politics to be a game without rules there will be election fraud.
Mueller needs shut down
MUELLER MANDATE: ATTACK ATTACK MAKE NEWS, LEAK TO NEWS RUIN THE PRESIDENT AT ALL COST DAMN THE ELECTION GET HIS ASS OUT OF OFFICE SCARE EVERY REPUBLICAN WE ARE COMING FOR YOU WE WILL CHEAT LIE  WE'RE JUSTICE  THIRTY YEARS TO SET THIS UP AND WE ARE USING IT FEAR US WE WILL WIN
Scary people
#fakenews
If you didn’t do anything wrong, you don’t need to worry. 
Monday's FBI raid was entirely separate from Robert Mueller's probe into the 2016 election, and fully supported by detailed DOJ procedure and the endorsement of a judge.
He sounds like his daughter! They both have lost their common sense/sanity trying to defend the indefensible!
Watch out Americans, this was Hitlers tactics!!!!
Mike, you are the very definition of a political hack: You can say something like this that is totally devoid of truth or logic just to further a political agenda, and do it with a straight face and a note of sincerity in your voice.  Bertrand Russell was right.
@FoxNews has gone off the deep end again! 
The answer is nothing anymore! The DoJ & FBI are totally corrupt & out of control. It’s now obvious the DEEP STATE is real, Sessions is impotent & self-neutered, Wray is revealed as an Anti-Trump DEEP STATER as corrupt as Rosenstein & Mueller-aided & cheered on by DEMOCRATS!
