GEE, I THOUGHT YOU WERE IN GEORGIA TO RALLY WJTH THE NEO-NAZIES
Maybe put the fork down a little?
HaHaHa!!!!!!!! LOL!!!!!!!
Hilarious as usual. Personally, I prefer an Arkansas favorite - dead dog etoufee.
I live in Lake Charles, La. and I can’t eat that stuff to save my life. A little gumbo only if I make it and Jambalaya 
that place is awesome...I was there in January and played golf with Larry.
BEST food in the world is in Louisiana !!!

Huck, always the opportunist: “I can show my Louisiana bona fides if I tweet something about the food!”

[Tweets something real Louisiana-y sounding]

Mindless twitter followers: “He’s so one of us! He’s so ‘of the people!’ And that food he tweeted makes him real authentic!”

Can't say I blame ya....Ooh-la-la the super-good food down Lousiana way 
Laissez les bons temps rouler!
Yum yum gimme sum!! Sounds like a great time!
Governor, would you Please do a Brother in Christ a favor and investigate Gangstalking/Gaslighting of Targeted Individuals Thank You in advance God Bless
Crawfish loving Cajun here
What no squirrels
Ain't nothin better than boiled "crawfish", corn on the cob with some dirty rice.
Shucks, Gov! I wish I'd known you were in my home state, I'd have tried to sneak in there to meet you and to teach you how to eat crawfish, as only we Cajuns do!  LOL  Glad you had a good time!
It is pretty good.

Do you think Chuck Norris’ 2003 cameo on “Yes, Dear” helped the sitcom outshine “Becker” as the golden child of CBS, leading to Becker’s cancellation at the end of that season?
You should try the romaine salad from Arizona,  here it’s real good right now.

When you live in Texas don't text and drink because the Texas Ranger is behind you and don't look behind your cuz she'll get you
Stop by Off Limits Paintball, near Shreveport- say hi to some of your biggest fans!
I must now plan a trip to NOLA!
http://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fglobegazette.com%2Fnews%2Flocal%2Fcrime-and-courts%2Fvictim-s-mother-probation-an-injustice-in-child-sex-assault%2Farticle_24b7a427-ee2b-5cfd-b38f-649fa024da6c.html&h=ATPAQdac_3xJb4tG7RvyG-2V_gFAAuExbshIF37kB7ThbHpN9VA0TJrSR4J3prsZBJpLfAj0Pi9-akMOy_yEKcUxxfu19_BmQWYn3RqolDcxBiA&s=1 …
with a side of dog, murdered by your adult son?
That's why you are so overweight like your daughter.
;-)
Tubby don’t share with Sarah or you both will need a fat farm
Wished I had known.. I spent the day at Toledo Bend today also....
I'm sorry Mike but if you want younger fans, keep your animal consumption private. It looks and sounds good but vegans are curling up their noses in disgust! No pecan pie for dessert?
Spent a lot of time at Toledo Bend while I was stationed @ Fort Polk. Fun times..
It took me four bowels the first time!
I’m sure your bowels were filled after all that food, “Rick.”
Laissez les bon temps Roulez
Aww so sorry we missed it. Louisiana is a great place to live and I am proud. Glad you enjoyed it
I have spent a many of day on the Toledo Bend...and help build around negreet and big bass....In fact there is a sunken city at Toledo...you can still see the road way and structures..there is nothing like a good ole crawfish etoufee....my grandmother was French creole.
I can see you eating 3 bowls of anything.
And I can see his followers eating many more than 3 bowls of whatever the Guv dishes out.
Our dat is some good eatin
Toledo Bend is beautiful, use to go boating there. Great place to go for cajun feasting!
Love ya mike God bless
Catfish Supreme is a great twist on etoufee: A bed of rice covered with a fried catfish filet, smothered with crawfish etoufee. Mmm!
My husband’s absolute favorite!
I live in New Orleans. You had me at crawfish etoufee
You didn't need a 4th serving just to make sure? Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Awesome!  You were in my neck of the woods.
Yummy sounds good!!
Did my invitation get lost in the mail? 
Gov Huckabee we love you.  When you are down around North Myrtle Beach give me a call and I'll break out my old guitar and we'll jam some.  Check out these videos for a laugh:  https://youtu.be/JySHi5Kw54M 
https://youtu.be/YQIJw_Hbabc 
lol...THREE bowls to be sure, huh, sir?!
I remember being in New Orleans about 20 years ago and ordering what I thought would be a small meal for $12 at a reasonable tourist restaurant.  I couldn't believe the amount of food they fit on that platter.  Tasty as well.  They know how to eat.
Wow!  About an hour drive from my home.  Glad you had a good time!!!  

Congrats Gov on 1 Million Followers!!
u senior tRump 
the sin of gluttony.  another one you blew.
We do great food in La!! Crawfish etoufee and gumbo my favorites!
I teal hyu, da shoeneuf bee goud eats!
I miss Ohio .... Toledo
Did you bring your banjo?
You ever make it to Lake Charles and I’ll have my mom make you the best gumbo you’ve ever tasted and I’ll make you feel like a socialist but just giving it to you:)
Musta been a full moon.
laissez bon temp roulez!
Lucky you Gov Huckabee I love crawfish and only eat it in Louisiana and I have Eat it in TX but good luck finding any in California.
Ahhh you have arrived

You know where to find great food!  #geauxtigers #geauxsaints
CHUCK NORRIS YOU LOOK WONDERFUL. YOU STILL ARE OUR TEXAS RANGER.
Food again? Look at your self and decide.
Hope the weather wasn't too rough!
Did you have a side of cheese, beef, and jeans?
Here's a great book that your probably should read:
https://www.amazon.com/Quit-Digging-Your-Grave-Knife/dp/1931722781 …
You look pretty hefty yourself Nate
have you tried the Labrador etoufee?  I heard Sarah makes a lovely dish!
My significant other was raised about 50 miles south of Toledo Bend. Her father spent a lot of time up there fishing.
Louisiana loves you right back, governor!
Not surprised you ate 3 bowls.
#GovMikeHuckabee are you telling us after eating all those crawfish - you have a small tale (or should I write "tail") to report to us?
Love Toledo Bend, the Indian Mounds is great fishing but I know many places. Many a tournament there!
Good show, must have loved it but real love is at least 5 bowls. LOL
Moderation my brother.......
That's Etouffee, Buckwheat . . .

Nobody cooks like Louisianans !! Always a party .. always great food when they get together !
You a funny guy, Gov, but most of all I now respect you for raising one Helluva daughter in Sarah!
Yuck.
Yes sir
YES!
Etoufee ?? Ou la la what's that
What’s next?  Beignets and chicory coffee? #whodat #nashville #gottagetshowtickets
How much did Kim Davis eat?
#besttshirt #besttshirtever #besttshirtusa #besttshirts #besttshirtnow #besttshirtsever #besttshirtdeal #besttshirtever #besttshirtprinter
I guarantee . . .
Hard to believe Mike admitted to worshiping SATAN
Cool name Toledo. I’ve only heard of Toledo Spain and Toledo Ohio. #holytoledo
My goal reached.
Weird that the father is the less-despicable Huckabee
Did your yeti daughter club baby otters and eat them live again
Why,you like picking on people?you call that a muscle??Ha
