
Just because he claims to be Republican doesn't mean he's conservative or HONEST. Many Republican are just Think hacks! That's why I'm no longer a Republican or Democrat. More Republicans are honest but not all! Your argument is senseless!
For the news media here’s a Pulitzer right there happening on TV and at book signings why are they going after this guy. Really hoping his ego brings him down
If Fitzgerald is Comey's lawyer, not only should Scooter get pardoned which Trump did.  Blago should be as well.  14 yrs, what was Obama & Holder trying to bury? @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for continuing to raise awareness of #doublestandards
So you’re saying that Comey is a typical republican 
Huckabee, please dont you start talking after all the many lies Sarah tells daily for Donald Trump.  I have two gorls and all my life i have always taught and continued to remind them that the truth matters and when you have nothing else left, go out with your dignity..
Why is he preaching about values not policy?Hmmmm this guy is all over the place.
You do not need to talk about him you are the most radical yourself
If you had any standards, you’d stop fucking tweeting.
So true!  Comey needs to be prosecuted for this crimes!  Where is Sessions?
Perfect 

We the People want to see
Arrests, of These insider
Criminals, Clean out These
#SwampCreatures
#ArrestGovernorJerryBrown
#ArrestCrookedHillery
#ArrestOblammasAss
#ArrestJamesComey
#ArrestAllTheseCrooks


Dang Right Gov! Gloom Despair and Agony NOT ON ME OR USA!!! from an Arkansas Girl!  #MAGA #LOVESARAH #TRUMP2020 #NOTTIREDOFWINNING https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAAKPJEq1Ew … If it weren't for bad luck he'd have no luck at all! 

wow, I kinda feel the same feeling when those other libs block me, but does this mean it's officially from @jack?? #MAGA #TRUMP #REALPERSON https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsBgx3gVxgM … 
"#MAGA #TRUMP #REALPERSON"...lolol
People in glass houses, Governor.

Interesting that the dossier is STILL salacious and unverified after all this time yet used frequently to assert its claims as 'possible' to discredit, malign, embarrass, slander .....

Governor. You sure stirred up the liberals!! I was able to block a bunch!!!

Pastor Mike doesn’t understand the Jesus stuff.
Speaking from your own experience?
Amen ReAnn
Semper Fi
He is such a A$$
Says the most hypocritical Christian in recent times...
Believe just because he is a character, does not mean he has character?

God Bless.
He's a disgrace to the hardworking men and women in the FBI and to our country.
There u go... Again .... Pot calling the kettle black
Kind of like your daughter, sometimes she swallows
He's rubber and you're glue.
Agreed
No kidding, I bet his double standards even have double standards!
Jail!
Gloom, despair, and agony on me....
He should be prosecuted. I spent 30 years in the Army and what he did; Hillary Clinton did, and a few others, I would be in Leavenworth!???





I would reprimand you for attacking our justice system but the only people who take you seriously are a bunch of gloating fanatics who just want to feel as if they are winning when actually they are losing bigger than the losers.
takes one to know one
That's calling the kettle black!

That's what makes him Comey..America knows it.  He is a disgrace and if AG has any balls..He will face the music!
Gloom despair and agony on him
SAD BUT TRUE.
INDEED!!
Spoken like the True Christian that you are...
Like a good Republican?
Are you channeling Hee Haw? If it weren't for bad luck I'd have no luck at all......
What bothers me Mike is everyone in Washington DC told us for years how "honorable & trustworthy" Comey was. Now come to find out he's even more petty than all the politicians. At least he brought us a rare moment >both sides agree< he's a loser-Big Time. your daughter! #MAGA
Surely you are one to talk about double standards... how do you miss your own hypocrisy? Is it will full? Or does your mind just block facts in superfluous righteousness?
Wow, GH. That’s a good one. 
#Originals
And you can quote Comey on that too
fact is he cant find them
Judge not preacher !
Yeah & if it weren’t for bad luck he’d have no luck at all!
For once I agree with you. He lied during the election and helped swing many voters over to dipshit trump. Now he changes his tune to sell books?
Section 793 of Title 18 Shows James @Comey did commit espionage with those memos. So he might want to rethink just what he's doing, but he's a little late right now.
This guy is very clever among the dimwitted.
True
You and your daughter are quite the tag team.Much appreciated
Comments from the preacher that got wealthy from the offering plate of parishioners.  By the way, your daughter is one heck of a liar.
Mark 8:36
What good is it for someone to gain the whole world, yet forfeit their soul? God came to me the other night, he said Captain pass on to the Evangelicals that Trump was a test!!! You Failed @GovMikeHuckabee sorry. See you in, well you know, GOING DOWN!!!
If "preacher man" Mike Huckabee didn't have double standards, perhaps he could walk with Jesus!  It's pretty hard to do when you're an undiscerning millionaire who loves a self-serving, corrupt madman.  Keep them $$$ rolling in, at any cost, Mike!  That's what Jesus did, right?
You're a shumck! #TRUTHBOMB
A 10 million dollar book signing deal has not hurt Comey's ability to lie.
He has higher standards than you Mike
He has standards?
Boy that sounds just like you and Little Huck......no standards....you both gave them up when you started lying for him.......
Better to have two, than none.
Something like your lying daughter!!!
Good one Governor
#comeyforprison
Oh poor Mike. Nothing left to do but talk about things he can't control. Boo hoo.
Comey is becoming the most hated man in the US
Who is Huckabee? Huckabee is a liar, a hypocrite, a fake Christian, a failed father, a non-funny blowhard who beats his flabby chest about his twitter followers, all while he bought fake accounts to inflate his numbers. In other words, Huckabee is a loser.

Like you supporting a continuously lying adulterer who is a six tine failed businessman who deceived people and stole from them?  You have no standing to make such a comment.
Duplicitous Jim!
Did comey investigate your son?
If you can have a double chin, he can have a double standard.  Nobody's perfect.
Walk away
Funny, some people might say the same thing about you.
You get more like trump every day, projecting onto others your own faults
Your advocation for Trump over Comey shows your obvious bias and hypocrisy.   We all see it
Huckleberry is disgraceful
You certainly don’t have any or morals.If you did you would not back the sleaze Trump.That goes for your kid also
You got it Gov. Huckabee. He is nothing short of pathetic as is our leaders for letting him get away with his crimes.
A hateful preacher. 
I’d say that’s a double standard
The best we can do is allow him to fade off with his unsold book. I'm sad he was ever hired to be the face of the greatest law enforcement FBI in are  country and the world. This is something that makes all Americans  look bad. We must be strong and avoid being dragged down .
He loves to make himself look like the honorable victim.  So noble.  So misunderstood.  You could just cry. 
Hi Gov, I recently came across this passage: τί δὲ βλέπεις τὸ κάρφος τὸ ἐν τῷ ὀφθαλμῷ τοῦ ἀδελφοῦ σου, τὴν δὲ ἐν τῷ σῷ ὀφθαλμῷ δοκὸν οὐ κατανοεῖς;
To remind the folks out there:
κάρφος = speck
ὀφθαλμῷ = in the eye
ἀδελφοῦ = of your brother
δοκὸν = beam
Says the guy who taught Sarah Sanders everything she knows about lying.
MIKE MIKE MIKE

How do you feel about children killing stray dogs?
Well you would know about liars without standards...
I remember when Republicans like you supported career law enforcement and lamented the lack of character in our political leaders. Now you hate law enforcement and embrace sin like an old friend. Sad to see.
Jeez, the bots are all *over* this post.  Guess Mike and his Red Commie fan club are simpatico on this one.
Says the biggest hypocrite in the whole nation!
And you are different?????
Haha...you did it again.
Shitbag you are.
I wonder if you had any ethics what would those be.
Didn't Jesus teach about removing the log from our own eye before we try and remove the speck in our brothers eyes?
Explains why he’s a republican
You should ask Comey if he has standards. Be sure to let him know he can choose which one of his 2 faces he wants to answer the question with.
If your daughter had any standards she'd sew her lips shut.
Hee Haw!Gloom, Despair & Agony
@GovMikeHuckabee <——— Arkansas breeding at its finest
In which case he's be exactly like you and your daughter ie no standards.
That seems to be the Huckabee Family Motto !!
@PressSec @SHSanders45 Lies all day long
Son(s) kill mangy dogs for the fun of it 
You're a fake pastor, and I don't think @HunkyGayJesus is happy with that ...nor is @TheGoodGodAbove or @TheTweetOfGod     #FireAndBrimstone!!
I find it interesting how evangelicals have forgone any Christian dialogue in favor of political partisanship. I thought you guys were religious, not just another political interest group. You've completely lost me. Thank you, evangelicals...sincerely.

We know where your daughter inherited her morals from now!
It's impressive how you manage to say these things while seemingly having no concept of irony.
IS SARAH GOING TO JAIL WITH TRUMP?  @seanhannity
Keep on hitting the messenger and ignore the message.   Can you deal with the concept that Trump is probably more crooked than Tricky DIcky?

#wakeup - oh, and BTW, you aren't a Governor anymore - why do you keep calling youself one?  Hard time dealing with facts?  #JustSayin
Wow.  A Trump supporting evangelical complaining about double standards.  Amazing.
Charlatan.
When will the President get even ONE person who sees the problem and has the answer to take care of it? Trump himself has preached his entire adult life to take the offensive. When will he replace Sessions with Gowdy?
American have a too Many good people but some one blindness
He's annoyingly pious, but not nearly as annoying as you.
Comey and his corrupticrat homeys are up Schiff creek without either Ohr. 
 
Dominoes are falling your way traitor.
You would know that. Would  you?
All for one.
Loyal to none.
So true!!..@Comey needs to be arrested!
And you too
Comey has more integrity in his little finger than you have in your whole body.  Anyone who reads his book can see that easily.
I'm calling for Comey to submit to an FBI administered polygraph test on a town hall type, live broadcast. Will he be the truth warrior that he claims to be?
Look who's talking
Like on "Hee Haw"  "If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all" Comey puts "Gloom, Despair & Agony on me "
He has at least triple standards, being that low he needs several steps. Sgt. S.E.Roesel USMC.
if he was ethical he'd need half as many standards
if you didn’t have puppy-killing-sons, you wouldn’t have any sons at all.
that was offsides, sorry. sarah hasn’t killed any puppies yet that i’m aware of
Well said!

Just stop, Huckabee. Don't stoop to Trump's level.
He’s way below that
She learned how to lie from her fake Christian Father.
Please tell us... what are @realDonaldTrump 's standards?  #hypocrite
Says the father of a pathological liar and a son who tortures dogs to death. Maybe you should have taught your kids some values or morals.

That’s the truth 
He really has pretty hands.....
kinda flaky
From the so called preacher man that condemns everyone’s behavior except that of his own children.


You need some new material, Buckwheat.
So True

Sarah looks beautiful tonight!
Same for a fake Christian shoeing a woman with gun stuffed in her vaginal area. Anotjetvyou hugging on her she dressed like a playboy bunny
that's a very nice way of calling him a piece of garbage, and this is a nice way for a commoner like me to express that sentiment
You're pathetic. All this attacking the investigators will be written in the annals of history.  Like your buddy Obama said, "wrong side of history"
Comey is lowering his standards faster than he can set them!
Bot
And if you didn’t have a double chin, you’d be chinless.
Says the preacher who sings praises for Donald Trump.

Funny he cleared Hillary Clinton and then commited very similar crimes. Glad President Trump is draining the swamp!


Touche`

You’ve nailed it once again Governor



Woot woot!
