And like you set the standard for Christianity.  You are beyond being a HYPOCRITE. God does not like ugly and one day you will answer to your God.
Good one Governor 
I'm now waiting for Bill "What's That On Your Blue Dress, Monika" Clinton to lecture us on the the evils of adultery.
Remember when republicans pretended to be appalled by such behavior?
Yeah, wasn't that about the same time that democrats pretended to be appalled by a "president" who repeatedly lied to them?
You do know the one that has lied is James Comey and he is NOT the President. There is no comparison to what slick Willy did and what’s going on today. Oh and we do care Comey is lying. Glad the President fired him. 
You know Comey is lying because Trump said so, right?

It's so sad you're not bright enough to realize you're in a cult.
Those of us that look past CNN have watched and heard him tell Congress one thing then another to the same question. When a man keeps giving different answers to the same question one of those answers at a minimum is a LIE
Yep!  All you have to do is listen to the recorded statements he’s made. All of them, not just what CNN plays.
So if comey lies he can’t be trusted, but when trump lies every single day he’s your messiah. Interesting.
Mike! Work on your belly. Stay out of the Frey!
-Trump cheats on wife #1 with wife #2
-Trump divorces wife #2 and marries wife #3
-Trump has yearlong affair on wife #3 with Playboy model, then has sex with a porn star a month after his wife gives birth.

YOU: "That Weinstein sure is a scumbag, isn't he?"
We don’t give a rat’s arse about who Trump sleeps with... BClinton set such a low bar for morality... hypocrites have audacity to call Trump out after patting Bill on the back...
What's interesting is that it's a very ingrained response. No one "teaches" anybody how to do such things; it's a kind of instinct that humans have.
There's laziness here too--a lack of true analysis of the situation. No one is attacking Trump for cheating per se--though Clinton was attacked plenty--cheating is accepted. It's the payoffs, the use of a thug lawyer, campaign finance violations, intimidation, etc.
You are so full of yourself.  Another person that is too immature to accept the fact that the majority elected this president.  Childish. Boring.
The New Hypocritical Gospel to which Huckabees subscribe #TheView
Or perhaps more like @realDonaldTrump setting standard for monogamy. Spare me, u sanctimonious faux Christian twit. Any1 who supports this POTUS has no right to talk about setting standards. #ImpeachTrump    #HypocriteHuckabee #TheResistance
You need to get your story right!
Bye Bye Huckabee. You’re still on the TrumpTrain with Hannity, Cohen, Dobbs, Broidy, Fox, Gingrich, Giuliani, Flynn, and the rest of the #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
You've made a good case for reading his book.
Since you don't like it, it must be good.
You may be right about Comey being the wrong person to set a moral standard. Then again how would the GOP know about moral standards, given the lack thereof by their leader.
Or B. Clinton writing a tome on marital fidelity!
OMG. I was going to use that analogy for your daughter and the truth. Funny
Yeah, some high moral standards he has. Used car salesmen have higher ones.
#HypocriteHuckabee #FakeChristian #TheView
#HypocriteHuckabee #TheView
We'll let trump set the standard for monogamy. #Oops
Amazing he’s a lying POS
Why is @MichaelCohen212 still RNC deputy finance chair while he’s under criminal investigation? At least his client/co-chair @elliott_broidy stepped down when his million $ payment to a playboy playmate was revealed.
Spare me!  You disgust me Mike.  The fact that you call yourself a Christian and then spread lies and hate and fear.  You are no man of God.  You aren’t a governor anymore either.  Should read former gov. And professional presidential candidate.
Trump is doing Gods work, what planet are you from. Making America great, not hardly. He has made us the laughing stock of the entire world. Trump is morally unfit to be President. Shame on all that helped put him into office.
BS. Comey should never have been FBI director
If your daughter’s lying for Trump is any indication of your family’s moral standards, I’d suggest you remain silent on this topic, Mr Huckabee.
So you don't think lying is morally & ethically wrong? Sarah only repeats the lies she was told to tell. It's taken its toll on her, like the picture of Dorian Grey. She's aged 20 years since her association with fake POTUS.  Ask yourself why.
U need a checkup from the neck up
With standards like  Mr. Comey's who needs enemies?
You can read?  Is that an original thought or something Stephen Miller made your daughter say?
So your daughter lying on a daily basis in front of cameras is okay because she is a big fat RepubliKlan #FakeChristian like you!?
Ditto!
Well said gov.
Or Trump evangelizing about the merits of a thrice married man not paying Playboy Playmates and porn-stars for sex. He apparently didn't spare many.
What standard is Sarah Huckabee Sanders setting when she speaks to defend the  untruths of others. Ever see the movie the Stepford Wives

It kills me how Comey expounds on morality, truth & the rule of law. What a joke.
Did anybody else notice that Comey’s just released book contradicts the image he has portrayed for himself all these years?

DeSantis,Biggs,Brat,Duncan,Gaetz,Gosar,Harris,Hice,Rokita,Tenney,Yoho.  Well done to these 11.

Eleven GOP Congressmen Unite to Refer Comey, Clinton, McCabe,…
Or like potus setting standards for marital fidelity.
Or the wife of Bill Clinton accepting the fact that BJ's under the oval office desk is so ok she stays with him then tries to get him back at the WH. You mean like that? #metoo
Sir, that is an awesome  analogy!
As-sange en de Irish zLimerick:
‘der once was “ComeyLynch” pair marked “HOOLIGAN”;
When en ofific made us all feel all “ORWELLIAN”;
De Bura dey looked ‘n found “NUTTIN”;
‘Cept a puffed eye and a fat-armed “BARACKan”
But 2-day they’s in London Wit “JULLIAN”!       #putthatinurbook
Haven’t we heard enough from the bald faced, self servin’ liar...James Comey???
If Comey is the “bar” for moral standards we are in big trouble
OMG truer words were never spoken! The whole system is corrupt
Yes spare us all please
Huckabee sets standards for morality.... amen
I know.  He thinks a whole lot about himself.

Huckabee, the new evangelical bullshit artist leading his flock.
This book is Disgraceful
It is quite funny. Maybe morals only kick in after you’ve taken bribes. Or looked the other way for your candidate.
I remember when your family name represented a moral standard & what it meant to be a solid Christian.

Now it's just another slander in a long list of partisan politics & Christian hypocrisy.

Truthfully you've sunk below Comey in that regard.
correct Gov
Let's hope that Comey is desperately trying to raise cash to support his Legal defense when he is charged with the crimes he has committed.
#BenedictArnold
...Weinstein is a slime ball of the first order and Comey is a Patriot of the first order and a truly decent man. You’re probably jealous because his book is a bestseller. Your books will never sell, no matter how hard you try! And, you will never be president, ever! LOSER!
You sicken me, sir.
You and the GOP sold your morals and principles to the highest bidder, hence no morals or principles
What a load of nonsense! Comey has NEVER been accused of improper behavior, and your comparison to Weinstein makes about as much sense as claiming McDonalds French fries can lead to hair growth. WHAT A LOSER!
A unique study, Comeys morals
You should be the last person on earth to question anyone else’s morals when your daughter lies, daily, on behalf of President Golden Boy.
Could not disagree more
Like your daughter lying EVERY DAY
Can't beleive you think you are a christian
What kind of morals are you and your lying daughter setting, hypocrites
I think his behavior, his book, his interview, etc. are all just a wonderful confirmation that this man should have totally have been fired! Even sooner than he was!!
Liar! #ImpeachTrumpNow @POTUS
Remember when your son killed a dog?
Right Governor. Accused the President of  a moral deficiency. He cannot judge... least you pull the tree out of your eye...Ugh he makes me sick.
Amen to that!!!
So True Gov!
Gov Huckabee thank you for your service and your bold daughter Sara as a working woman. I am proud of her.  Since Comey’s book and all of his tall tales are coming. I would like to recommend a book worth reading. An unending War by Bob Goff. Bob and his brother fought in Vietnam

Typical democratic crap if it's not between the legs then it's not important, it's funny all of the real news that is going on and the dems worry about who's been between who's legs
He is a 6’8 Oxymoron the focus on the MORON part!
What a bitter man , that’s willing to do anything to make hisself look like something he’s not! Bringing Hardship on your family is about as low as you get! 
Burn!
Such a clown!
Your learned to lie from you.
Comey reopens Clinton investigation:
Liberals: “Comey is a liar! Don’t believe anything he says!!”

Comey writes a revenge book about Trump: Liberals: “Hey, Comey wrote a book! I’m totally buying it!!”
And you and your family have morals and standards???

PLEASE 
Maybe you should have spent some time teaching your daughter that lying was a sin.
Why ?
Says father of @presssec who daily finds it so easy daily to blatantly lie to American people & take my tax money to pay her to do it among other reasons , lyou have no moral high ground on http://Weinstein.You  use religion when it suits your narrative, God doesn’t approve
You really do make Christianity a bad word there Mikey. It used to be a good word until folks like you abused its true meaning and hide your hatred behind Jesus. Sad 
he's making mueller investigations more of a joke.if possible!
Prolly shouldn't be tossing stones from your glass house... seeing as your daughter lies almost daily for this President. Jus' sayin'
Have you noticed the same people heaping praise on Comey at one time are the same ones now cheering Mueller on? Sickening
God you're pithy, you really should be ashamed.
Mike, you lecturing about who is fit to talk about moral standards is like your daughter lecturing about honesty and integrity.
I thought I saw your face in the dictionary under “sanctimonious”. Hmmmm
Indeed...my thoughts exactly ...
I hope you are right with God.  He is watching you and your daughter support a morally corrupt President.
Comey's a pip, ain't he?
Since you love trump so much, I know you couldn’t care less about monogamy, the truth, or treason. Way to go, Guv!
Btw the problem with Weinstein wasn’t so much the adultery as the RAPE, you asshole.
Or Trump?
Or, say, Donald Trump setting standards for monogamy?
Corrupt, crooked cop. No credibility.

Morels he has you don’t who’s coat tails are you riding?ummmmm... your daughters yeah I thought do. And believing every word that comes out of trumps mouth wow you are pretty gullible!! And being proud of you daughter who works for a notorious lech, do u treat women like that to?
Funny !

Comey probably didn’t even write the book. Sorus probably paid writers to put what he wanted in it.
Comey is an embarrassment to this Country. Thank goodness he got fired what a disgrace he is.
There’s Mike Huckabee, temporarily unfrozen from his cryogenic nap, to take the time to remind us how irrelevant he is and to spew the script prepared by the Mercer/Koch/Murdoch/Sinclair hegemony, with a dah of religious hypocrisy.
Do you ever ask Sarah Sanders how she manages to change up the variations on the lies daily? #tedious
Have some shame and be quiet.
Maybe if she'd get some legit questions, she'd take those 'journalists' more seriously. I think she just plays w them like a cat plays w bugs. N where do u get yr daily soundbites that all Dems r allowed n told to use?  Dem playbook?
Drinking the kool aid, I see.  Go back to Faux News.
Funny!!!!!!!!
What a low- life**
No, spare US!
Kind of like you setting standards as a Christian.
Your no better.
Weinstein or trump
...or you and your Trump bunch lecturing anyone on truth... #TrumpLiesMatter and so do Sanders'
Wow
Have you seen this?
Wow...that's do damn cute!  R u proud of yourself?  Nothing better than this? Where r u on respecting females? Hope yr Dem bitches don't take u down. But yr safe, they only defend other Dem baby killer bitches.
Or you setting standards for comedy
I flip everything he says because I know everything he says is what he is you’ll see it’s  funny how he thinks he can twist it and we won’t catch it I believe he Knew @POTUS could see his lies a mile away and it was uncomfortable. Narcissists hate being exposed, biggest fear.
Don’t agree with simple minded fixes that only in form of working for to push the Democrats. Our country is fighting for the survival of good honest public leaders & not become Zars & rob our nation. ALWAYS TRUMP SINCE DAY ONE!appreciate his  honesty & excellent work President
I meant every time he # Comey talks  it's always just the opposite of what he says because he's lying so I flip it like if he says Trump is lying I go no you're lying That Why he Dreads the tour a Narcissist greatest fear is to be exposed. ESP by his own words
Love you Huck!



I love it! "Moral standards", try using that term in a sentence explaining Donald Trump.
He's so shady and dishonest, he should be the poster boy for "What Not To Do In The FBI"
You and GOP r in no position 2 lecture American public on moral standards.  Go cut that dog out of the tree,  then go pray with Moore in Alabama or with 20 women accusing women of sexual assault or the teen he raped and sodomized on Epstien's Lolita Island.  Your Pres. your sin!

...who are you again??? 
Me? Or Comey?
...Hillbilly Huckabee
Well don’t forget Bill Clinton paid Paula 850,000$ in shut up money - Never got raided.
Right on the money, Mr. Huckabee!!!
You and your daughter have no authority to talk about moral standing. Tell Sarah to spare us. Give me a break. When repubs make accusations they are looking in the mirror.
Well said, Govern.
God Bless You and Yours
People in glass houses?  You and your daughter are both hypocrites.  Remove the beam in your own eye.
BEST TWEET OF THE WEEK!!!!!!!
Remember a fish stinks from the head down. Before Obama you would never believe this Disloyalty could ever happen in the FBI. This has all to do with Obama giving Entitlement to those who don’t deserve it. Obama’s leading from behind left American behind.
Comey is a disgusting disgrace to FBI and American. But this the liberal movement. Zero integrity about anything your word means nothing in a liberal world. Law an Order was being destroyed under Obama. Obama left America this mess.

Having double standards is no different than not having any standards! Comey does not hold any moral high ground
When they finally question Hillary about Seth Rich - this judge better ask who else was on her list?
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/silent-majority-wants-mr-robert-muellers-assignment-ended-there-was-no-collusion …
Jim Comey the poster child for hypocrisy!  @realDonaldTrump keep on #MAGA.... when will Comey be charged with lying to Congress and We The People! He is one of the largest creatures in the swamp...... lock him up

 BS!

There's no reason for this persecution, Gov H. We love you, and I just wanted to say (though you clearly know it) Great is your reward--so continue rejoicing. You are an inspiration to me and I'm sure, to many others as well.
Comey reminds me of a repressed trans person. No offence intended. They just are. Kinda like watching a scorned person revolt. Then there are the millions they will make in the book deal. Integrity? Book Deal? Lol What would J Edgar say? At a they!
Here's my book recommendation for Jimmy Comey.
So true!
who knew you had such wit governor I’m impressed!!
Since Comey hypothesizes about things that are “Possible “ without any supporting evidence, which contradicts investigative tenets, I would suggest that perhaps Comey is a serial pedophile who enjoys being urinated on by the little boys that he has kidnapped. Anything’s possible.
With Hillary and her girls beside him. They all can get on the Lolita Express and hang out at pedophile island.
She is an expert at going there.
Slick Willy can spread his disease there.
IF ANY OF U TRUMPSTERS  SPENT A DIME ON THAT TRASH.
BURN IT NOW!
Why would you help that trash!! Have no interest in reading that FAKE TRASH! WOULD NOT GIVE HIM A SINGLE PENNY!!
Exactly, and just say it so poetically!
Very true. Harvey wine-stein and Jim comey is two ends of the same onion.
Like you know anything about moral standards. Please spare us your sanctimony.
More like Mike Hucksterbee setting standards for Christianity.


Truly
Or @GovMikeHuckabee being a good guy or a patriot or honest or a Christian. Shame on @TBN
Don't you dare lecture any of us about morals, Governor. You lost your bully pulpit by your disgraceful behavior during the campaign.
Or #CrookedHillary setting standards for honesty and telling the truth.
Good one!
mentioning Weinstein and monogamy while being a huge Trump supporter? Spare us!
But the lies and venom your daughter spews daily is perfectly fine..... #Hypocrite
Morally inadequate....the Left never cared about that...
From a humble dude like yourself with no personal opinions LOL loser
Or many evangelical pastors on protecting children.
Libs think they’re sooo clever pointing out the *irony* of the monogamy bit — here’s some irony for ya libtards: Trump is FAITHFUL to his wife!
I wish the GOP was half as ethical as Comey.  GOP has an ethical and morality problem.
Ken, My standards are the same no matter the political party.  Are yours?  LMAO
I have no idea about you and really don’t care.  I referred to your “dumb asses” in the party known as asses
Exactly.  You know nothing.
I know this miss trickledown.  You are what you think, and very little thinking happens on the left.  You guys started day one condemning Trump for BS the witch did, not him, which indicates empty heads - no thinking
Pull your head outta trump's butt and watch something other than Fox and Hannity.  I'm not uninformed; you are.  Trump opinions & actions are well known.  No distortion is going on.  You agree with him; I don't.. period.  I want a president I can respect.
JIm Comey setting a “moral standard” after his sanctimonious self serving book-selling “interview” w/ Fmr Clinton press sec is like DONALD TRUMP setting standards for monogamy. Spare us!

Can you say “priggish?” I knew you could.  
@Comey 
@IngrahamAngle

Guarantee his book flops!
Zzzzzzzzz
You should have never bred.  Now look what we have to deal with.
You pretending to be Christian is no longer funny
You did it again, Gov! I love your hilarious comparisons.
Good one!
Comey is denote ou coming off as less than principled, but Donald Trump is equally unethical, and his lawyer certainly seems to be a criminal.
Why do you defend them?
@Iza77789584 wow.....so many snowflakes on this thread!
May I quote another pundit? That would be “simpering, sanctimonious self serving book selling ‘interview’”
...said the father of a woman who lowers the moral standard bar on a daily basis ;-)
Monogamy, GOP ,NDA’s, RNC scandals. Don’t go near the “ moral” high ground bs.  You can thump on that bible as hard as you want but it’s just an exercise in fooling your base.
Your son was accused of torturing and killing dogs, “spare us” your hypocrisy.
I think you're in no position to cast stones. Your daughter stands in front of the podium and repeats lies. That's what she will be remembered for someday.
Or like your son setting standards against animal cruelty.


 stolen!
