You always make me smile Thanks
Canyour heart stand all this Gov. Mike?
Rush might be right--they're trying to force POTUS DJT to fire Mueller.  Trump says over, and over, he isn't going to fire him. Journalists keep wasting their questions at press releases abt firing Mueller. Their agenda is clear.  I hope you sleep well after those red bulls.
Mr. Huckabee you always make my day.
Tremendous wisdom as always. Ignore the brain dead Communists who troll you. They're too stupid to know they're embarrassing themselves and the world. #MAGA
Don’t need coffee or Red Bull. Just drink ONE Mountain Dew!! Ha! Ha!
Great idea! Then just have 3 ambiens and 2 bottles of wine or 1/2 a bottle of vodka so you can get some sleep tonight...
The Huck is Baptist.  No Wine, No Vodka. Well, I'm a Baptist too and I glass of wine is rather soothing.
Funny
Hahahahaha 
Love ya Gov. You are the best no matter what time of day.
OK!!
Oh! Don't forget to take your cyanide capsule and die well foaming at the mouth!!
Like Tami? Will you be as angry though?
You know what Governor, I do believe you’re a good person and thank you for supporting Israel. Being the Israeli I am I will be blunt. Please stop worshiping this orange calf. Once this meshugas is over you’ll only feel shame that you sacrificed your core principles for Trump.
Being the patriotic American I am, I can only wonder why you would hate a president who supports Israel so strongly?
I’m a loyal member of AIPAC and am a true proud Israeli. I’m not a 1 issue person. I’ve made the conclusion that Trump is more toxic to the Middle East and Israeli security. Trump only supports what’s good for his interests. I don’t hate anyone I have policy disagreements.
Each person has the right to their opinion. I don't see the personal side for Trump. We need Israel. Israel needs us. Compared to the past administration Trumps a plus.
Hang in there Gov!
By the way, your daughter does one fantastic job in communication for President Trump.
Why isn't Stormy Daniels brought up on the extortion charges
That's just to funny. Might need to consider a little less red bull.
Lol
Yeah don’t over do it on the caffeine, seriously.!
I love your tweets, i always get a chuckle. Your daughter is kick ass at her job.
I watched, you were good, as usual. I really enjoy your show too
Mr Huckabee, no concerns about honest counsel to your daughter?
Watched you Sir.. Always enjoy.
Good show, sir.  As Shannon said, the Red Bull paid off.
@PressSec

You'll be a democrat...even if just for one day. #Screamers
That's all u have 4 a
Brain 7 cups of coffee
And a pack of red bull
The rest is hot air
That is funny
You forgot s handful of No-Doze...
Get bent,fascist.
I lold :)
Kinda think it would be worth tuning in just for that!
I drove from San Antonio to Shreveport and back today Gov. I’m Drinking  Coffee to stay up to watch you.@GovMikeHuckabee
Try @rockstarenergy @redbull pulled their ads from @IngrahamAngle and it’s much tastier, more affordable and you get more!
Will you be truthful?
Party on Gov!!!!
I will watch!
You go Gov!!!!!
You make me laugh everyday SIR!


So glad to have you in the Emerald Coast!
I’m  with you lady
Lol!!... lol..Your posts always make my day brighter! 
I want to see you scream I will be watching I hope you can set the Dems straight

I would pay a respectable sum of money to actually see that happen.

You absolutely crack me up!
Mr Huckabee tell them NO WAR IN SYRIA!
Not passed my bedtime
Go to a show you'll love it! First Class! Governor Mike Huckabee is the Best! God bless!
Gov, you’ve reached your lying and weight limit.
Is Chuck winning the war of words? President Trump is getting things done, but it seems the deep state is winning the war with words.
Love your tweets Governor
Or you could just go away...
SAU will beat OBU this fall 
Anything on Comey??
#UnitedWeStand #QAnon #WeThePeople #Treason #ThankYouNunes #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessNunes
So can we believe anything he said (MZ) yesterday or today?  Just asking!!!
No, you will die!
That's kinda rough.  But you may be right.
Hahahaha
Great.  At least Mrs. Bream is a professional and may be able to talk you down off your ledge Mr. Huckabee.  P.S., thank God for your daughter Press Secretary Mrs. Sanders.

Past mine too.. darn. I'll see it on here tomorrow. Thanks
Lol!
Hilarious. Funniest flipping joke you have said. Love it. My gut hurts from laughing.
Please tell me that this tweet is sarcastic.
And your daughter is truly amazing. God Bless You and your entire family
 I am a robot

No coffee or Red Bull. You are always energized.
Will you be the first to interview Christopher Steele?
Good for you!

I won't be available to watch or listen to you.

It's just painful to see you humiliate yourself like that ...
Love your work Senator
Senator? Your drunk.
No, he is not drunk just a typical Trump voter, uninformed.
Can't wait 
Let's Jam to some Trump songs @gov 
Gov. I like you but stop its 10 pm in Arkansas
Thank you .,for staying up late,
To help get the Facts out
to the masses 
No one else .,#ShitholeMSM
Will do it or Even cares about 
The Forgotten Men & Women
#YourLifeMatters #MAGA2018
what are the facts?
Hope you don’t miss the show while in the rest room
@GovMikeHuckabee You always make me smile.
Having too many Red Bull’s are dangerous. Be careful.
Treat your kidneys better!
No act like a lying false Christian nut job.
But no Tide pods
Y would he use Tide Pods?
You should talk about @vergecurrency $XVG
Don’t do it! You’ve got to get good sleep tonight! - so you can do it all again tomorrow! Lol! Thanks for being you! Thanks for all you do!

#ConservativeVoice #Patriot #HuckabeesAreTheBest
You're actually a real person. Heh.
if u don't stoke out first!
Laugh of the year
I'll make sure to watch but will have the TV on mute and turn on the Closed Captioning.
@jimmykimmel @FoxNewsInsider @POTUS LOL  WILL YOU Please replace Jimmy Kimmel on late night. You’re much funnier.
Mental health help is now available to everyone with health insurance thanks to #Obamacare

Oh I gotta watch now !  
YAY
Will you ve just as snippy and hostile as your daughter?
Gov Huckabee UR all over
lol.
Bring back @ChipHinkleman Mike
While on Fox , tell the 32% your daughter clubs baby possums and eats them

