This failed NHS has given my mother free cancer treatment. my wife a free pacemaker. myself free care for Graves Disease my grandparents free treatment for lung disease. my friends free treatment for throat cancer. back problems knee operations and the it goes on. failure? Really
For heavens sake will somebody have the balls to step in and stop this madness. This is murder by the state. Release this child and give him a fighting chance. DO IT
He doesn't have a "fighting chance" that's the point. He's terminally ill. Do some reasearch.
I’d say this demonstrates that you don’t have a single clue what you’re talking about.
The NHS has kept this little boy alive up to this point, his parents have not had to pay a thing.  If this little boy lived in USA, he wouldn’t have got to this point because his parents wouldn’t have been able to pay for his care.  Long live the NHS.
If Alfie and his parents were American citizens, the child would have died a long time ago AND his parents would be bankrupt.
What sort of disgusting low life uses the plight of a terminally ill child for political point scoring ?
The most ludicrous thing I’ve read in a long time. The good governor seems to prefer a health “system” where a string of private providers could profit enormously by giving false hope to desperate and impressionable parents.

Uninformed, populist nonsense.
Healthcare is a right and should not be a commodity.  The NHS might not be perfect but its better then the American system where people have a choice of eating or getting their medication.  Eat or pay medical bills.
"The health care industry in the United States has been so corrupt and so greedy for so long that we don't even remember what a legitimate medical system even looks like anymore."
Fails? The NHS is a national treasure.
For the record @GovMikeHuckabee x1 Henoch Schonlein Purpura care 9 + weeks in Hospital: Free. x 1 x-ray and plastic surgery on ruined finger: Free. x3 consultations + neck surgery to remove cyst: Free. 6 monthly cardio care with specialists for life: Free. What you got, son? #NHS
If you're paying for your care at point of need, I'm afraid I'm doing far better than you are. Once again, I ask you to apologise for the slanderous tweet about the provision of care here, in the UK, by the #NHS Your guys rated us higher than your own. @GovMikeHuckabee #wanker
You should show more responsibility and refrain from commenting at a distance about things you're unable to fully understand.
Fake Christian ex Governor uses a tragic child to make a political point. "Morality" fails again.
The NHS is brilliant. Do one
Hey Mike or should I call you mini Trumpster do some research before you attack the NHS.  http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-17/australian-healthcare-ranked-second-best-in-developed-world/8716326 … or are you going be little Trump and call it fake news?
The NHS is one of the best healthcare systems in the world.  I have experienced both.  So get off your GOP high horse do some research and apologize when you know nothing and get a reality check.
recover. Why not focus on issues within your own country rather than make sweeping and factually incorrect statements about mine.
Interesting given that Britain has provided universal healthcare for 70 years for less money and better results than the US system.
Gov. Huckabee this story just tears my heart out. I could not imagine me as a parent unable to take MY CHILD anywhere to get treatment (experimental or otherwise). This is my nightmare about government run healthcare. How can they justify doing this?
I agree with you, GL. 
They can justify it because a child with little to no cerebral function is not capable of making an autonomous decision about their own wishes
That is no justification. No child is considered reliable in any court of law. It is the parents' right to make decisions regarding the care of their children. It doesn't matter how much cerebral function there is or isn't. These parents should decide the child's fate. If they...
had killed the child, would you arrest them for murder? I suspect so. You can't have it both ways, disposable one minute & guilty the next. If these parents had private insurance we wouldn't be having this conversation.
This allegedly failing NHS offers free treatment to UK citizens irrespective of their incomes. No need to worry about bankruptcy and loosing your home paying for healthcare. Fantastic professionals delivering quality services.
Hey Mike, think you ought to deal with your own failures over there before criticising UK healthcare.
maybe review facts before using Alfie for your own political gain. “The abiding principle of the British National Health Service is that no one should ever have to suffer in pain because they haven’t got the money to pay for treatment. That, I believe, is not the case in America”
Alfie was treated at No cost to his parents by the NHS they haven't had to dash off to work so they don't lose their medical insurance they have had every moment to spend w him the NHS also saves lives w no bill or out of pocket expense
How very very dare you criticize the NHS like this.  When you have people going bankrupt who can't pay their bills, health insurance companies putting their profits before what's best of the patient.  And the ridiculous amount the CEOs get paid from the insurance companies....
NHS treatment and care is free in the UK. USA health care discriminates against people on their ability to pay
For a member of the political establishment, I’m disappointed and surprised you haven’t taken the time to read the court transcripts covering this case. You would then see that the doctors and courts are ensuring Alfie’s interests are protected. He is terminally ill and cannot

"They concluded the United Kingdom's National Health Service was the best system overall, followed by Australia, then the Netherlands, with Norway and New Zealand sharing fourth place.". Guess what?   We're LAST... 

http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-17/australian-healthcare-ranked-second-best-in-developed-world/8716326 …
Failing? Most European countries have government health care and all are doing great. Just ask the patients. Facts please!!
wrong
....it is failing at a much less prodigious rate than America's corporate driven health care system. But you've never been the kind of guy to let facts get in the way
No surprise
Is that why they are clamoring for a brutal for profit system that regularly bankrupts people like our?  Answer is, they don't...
This is sad at a human level letting a kid die because he cannot speak for himself and forcing his parents to literally surrender there rights as parents.
They didn't, it's been through the independent courts at the parents request, they even represented themselves at points and were given support to do so. All the great so far has been free and they will never get a bill for the time he's been in IT. Look in the mirror.
If only God could step in and do something. He could (according to your beliefs) but he hasn’t bothered to. Shows God doesn’t work too then eh?
You have no right to comment on our great NHS as your country lets people suffer and die simply because they can't afford to pay for insurance #backoff
Uninformed bellend
How has it failed a child that has been in Intensive care for a number of months with a life limiting condition? Your words are nothing but verbal abuse thrown at the hard working doctors and nurses of the NHS. Typical politician, opens his mouth and lets his belly rumble 
Mike can you taste Trump in your throat??
People who can't afford the co pays or high deductibles.  Insurance companies who deny treatment based on cost.  I got denied a medication my specialist wanted me to take but the CEO didn't  care about as long as he gets his million dollars pay checks and stock options...
Seems to me government-run education is fairly poor in the state of Arkansas.
It was not the government-run NHS that failed this baby. It was the child's own illness and inability of world-wide scientific research to(as yet) find curative treatment for his specific disease. Knowledgable clinicians did their best and acted with child best interest at heart.
Tell you what Mike you really don’t have a clue do you. Tell me how can you take one story in isolation and then make generalised statement;on a whole national health system that frankly knocks anything you’ve got in the US into a cocked hat. Absolute rubbish @fox news
Just letting people die , suffer is a much better , AND cheaper option isn’t it, Mike.
How can you call refusing to waste resources on a useless procedure failing?
Then don't use Medicare when you're eligible.
InsCo profits are a perverse incentive to deny care at every possible turn.

Market forces not efficacious for healthcare. Rest of the modern world already learned this

 Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians.
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
How many people have died in the US because private insurance companies refused to pay for their treatment?
In the UK our AMAZING NHS Service puts the needs of a child before any others needs. That hospital saved my daughter's life so I speak woth AUTHORITY - not like yourself. You probably don't know where Engalnd is let alone this FANTASTIC hospital. This child deserves not to suffer
Right. But a country where 30% of people have no coverage is better? Where we risk bankruptcy every time we get sick, that’s better? Ask the British or Canadians if they would change their system for ours. The answer is a resounding “NO FUCKING WAY”.
Praise God for the Righteous Speaking for those with out a voice! The power of Life and death is in the tongue. Blessings Sir. and thank you kindly
Read this story Mr Trump-pet to see the miracles our NHS does every
@DazHaleWM  has been to meet 7 year old Amelia Eldred from Kingsbury. Last  year she was diagnosed with bone cancer & recently had an operation to amputate her leg, then rotate her lower leg & attach it to her thigh! Her…
Not a topic you'd understand, Mike, tbh. You should stick to tweeting about guns and other senseless things. Trying to attack the NHS like this is to be expected from a fact-shy charlatan like yourself. But, much like every other opinion you have, it's wrong and irrelevant.
Perhaps Governor Huckabee should focus on the fact the US has the worst child mortality rate of the 20 wealthiest countries. Children die because their parents can’t afford healthcare! Oh and at least we don’t let our kids be murdered by guns!
How many die here from the insurance rackets and local monopolies? The comparison is disingenuous at best.
You keep forgetting Governor.  We have government run healthcare.  It's called the VA & it's even worse than the NHS in the UK.
@GovMikeHuckabee
The reason for tragedies like Alfie in the U.S. is not due to the type of healthcare--rather, this is about corrupt judges & lawyers making illicit financial gain via 30+ yr nationwide embedded racketeering ring!

Indisputable proof

https://bit.ly/2B29gyW 
No surprise, leftists fail every time they try to insert socialism into our country!
Our "leftists" have provided free health care for an entire nation for over 70 years. It's currently ranked the best on the world by American Doctors.

http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-17/australian-healthcare-ranked-second-best-in-developed-world/8716326 …
Looneytoon
#MedicareForAll 
#GOPTaxScam 
#Wealthcare
#fakechristians
Why don't you focus on the US, where private insurance companies deny a woman a chemotherapy drug but will pay for her to commit suicide?
For a Christian man you sure are slamming our British brothers and sisters today. Let’s be nice Mike.
Typical of government run anything. Get rid of VA & let vets choose. One rotten, corrupt manager can spoil a whole hospital if protected
We're doing pretty well with our socialised medicine thank you.

http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-17/australian-healthcare-ranked-second-best-in-developed-world/8716326 …
NOT!
Too bad your god would let this happen! So this little child’s destiny was this life?
#ArmchairPreacher 
Just asking a basic question. Any answers?
The family has no debts due to the treatment, no bills. 
So why lie? #HaveYouNoDecency?
Vatican was offering a different form of palliative care
Had he been in a private hospital it would have made no difference to the decision
More lies from someone who attacks lying "press".
The decision was made by the courts
Courts acted in best interest of the child
It cost less to deliver a royal baby in the U.K. than it does to deliver the average baby in the US https://www.economist.com/news/britain/21741152-american-hospitals-charge-more-10000-enough-stay-londons-swankiest-maternity?frsc=dg%7Ce … #alfievans #Obamacare
My prayers to this child and family Pastor Mike but what about the 16 inmates you oversaw the execution of.  Ever think 1 or 2 might have been innocent.  Statistics say yes.  Oh well, water under the bridge right Pastor?
Screw you, you foul liar. It was sadly inevitable you’d try to exploit this family’s plight.
No, Evangelicals fail again. They fail to be truthful, they fail to be caring, they fail to address the needs of the public. Above all, they fail to emulate the teachings of the messiah they don't really believe in in the first place. And the few who do think he was white.
#alfieevans #alfie #America #American #hypocrisy #NHS
You are awful. Thankfully the NHS will still be standing long after you have left office.
Everyone is saying that alfie has no cerebral function. So your saying the child is brain dead. Which you need to look at the definition of brain dead the boy can cough sneeze, reach, smiles and for the last 61 hours has breathed on his own and sipping water from a cup.
If you don't believe this effects everyone in the world you are mistaken. Basically you are going to be denied freedom to move freely as a humane being on this earth. If you are deemed a burden to society and healthcare you will not be cared for.
Praying for Alfie Evan's step up go against what they say let's save a little boy
Do us a favour, (spelt correctly) keep your nose out of things that don't concern you & more importantly you don't understand. Spreading #blatantlies #FakeNews doesn't help anybody.
You have no clue about this case or the NHS, go back to failing your own citizens.
You have no idea what you’re talking about. Alfie is sadly a terminally ill, brain damaged little boy who has no life of any kind. At least in this country his parents haven’t become bankrupt for his care as they would have done in the US.
An American (and a republican no less!) criticising our NHS? Irony is truly dead.
You need to apologise for this awful slight, taking advantage of a terrible and tragic story and for lying so thick through all of it that you've got your own countrymen believing that the world's most competent #healthcare provider is a heartless butcher's yard. Appalling stuff.
At least our people have free healthcare. Not like the third-world US where life expectancy is lower, and you kill black people at random.
You really should come to the UK and tell us your opinions on health care.
Who are you?
430 million in debt and lost credit rating. People don’t spend hrs in ED they spend days. Care is horrible all experienced Drs and nurses left. On and on. Healthcare is HORRIBLE.
And it’s failing all over just not hearing it in the media. The trauma center where I retired from can’t get staff. The prior adm decided that a modernization project was needed now they got money from donations said more nurse and Drs. No front lobby and caf. Some rooms. ...
No surprise to that over here! 
#patientsNOTaddicts
It has failed so bad when will we learn? To keep doing the same things over and over again expecting different results is insanity. What does that tell you about our US gov't?
I pray for this child & his family. Sitting by and handing control of your country to the government is selling your soul to the devil. I thank God for Donald Trump.
Pmsl
Q: What is the Huckster’s healthcare plan?  

A: Pray and die quickly.
God protect this little boy!  Unbelievable evil in the UK!!!
But you are ok with millionaires milking the system!  But, you will probably term that “capitalism!”  Hypocrisy will kill Christianity in America and you will be a part of it.......
MIKE 

How do you feel about Murdering Dogs?
Governor, what are your thoughts on Secretary Scott Pruitt?  Will he survive long enough long enough to see Mr. Trump resign?
Dr. Ronny Dobbs will save it.
WORKS PRETTY GOOD IN CANADA.....FOOL
“... but-but-but we would NEVER use our authority over potentially life-or-death decisions to enforce any ideology!” ... socialized-medicine advocates for the past hundred years
Government should make electronic prescriptions mandatory (with few exceptions). 
Also built into that ERX database should be defaults for the MD, missing information, State law compliance, drug to drug interactions, high/low therapy.

OH MY GOURD...  has #Mueller been wiretapping @realDonaldTrump during this "Russia collusion" investigation?
Feds revealed existence of a prior warrant allowing search of Cohen's office. Be among the first to know! Today's @dbongino podcast has the…
The NHS is the best thing Britain has ever done for its people.
Worked well in post WWII England, but anything would have worked.
