

Dude you’re sick. Get some help.
A vision of Shredded Schiff will forever be in a special place in my memory . I just adore Sarah!
HaHa " We here at the Whitehouse try not to be concerned about anything having to do with Schiff." 
Oh my!
Your daughter is beautiful. She stayed so composed when many of us women would've cried. You ought be proud as you said tonight. Hope she knows how many Americans appreciate her hard work day in day out...
Your so not funny ! Pathetic!
Too bad.

#TrumpConspired
Lol
Mikey thinks he's funny. Not.
you need a reality show there Gov, you are brilliant
Look for Rudy getting his foot removed from his mouth next time your in the ER smart butt !
Mike i wish you a speedy recovery.  This sounds pretty bad.  But not as bad as the time your son tortured and killed someone's dog and you used your position as Governer to cover it up.  Super funny joke again. Keep it up
@RepAdamSchiff is a pos
You're a riot
Still not funny.  Sad.
Glad you can find such humor it what is happening in our country today. I find it very sad. I find it that ppl who “claim” to know God defend a mans behavior which is positively  sinful in order to progress their agendas. Since when do two wrongs make a right? Answer NEVER
 I hope you never stop tweeting, Gov. Look forward to them every day. 
So sorry. You did well on MARTHA's show. Never would have known you were hurting! You are one of my favorite people! You and your band should go on the campaign trail with President Trump next time around. 
You could warm up the crowd with some sing along songs.
Praying for you
Whew!! Close call. Don't do that 
Schiff again.
Or did you get between your kids and the Golden Corral  buffet?
Nothing gets between you and a camera. Grow up.
Thank goodness!!
Simpleton.
I bet you are one of those who thought the bashing of his daughter was funny.
Oh Rosemary, his terrible sense of humor has nothing to do with his daughter.  Try dropping the stereotypes.
I am speaking about what you wrote concerning him.  You namedcalled him simpleton why? YOU did not answer my comment?  Did you think what that so called comedian was funny? If you thought she was funny  But, found no humor in his tweet.  It is being Hypocritical to name call him.
Its mean to name-call him.  You're right.  But certainly not hypocritical.
Hahaha
Hey Huckabee, what got bruised? Your inflated ego or your fragile feelings?
Love your tweets. Keep the humor, someone has to

That’s horrible.  Best of wishes.  What happened?
Bahahaha bahahaha oh my ribs
You should probably sign up for some government aid because of this...NOT
Lol
B careful!
That’s terrible! Glad your ok! 
 Governor, you're a hoot!! Love your perspective!
Hahahaha!!!!  That was a close one, Governor! 
It's a shame you didn't get run over, maybe you'd learn a lesson
Glad you are okay!  But secretly Hoping you caught it on video
#FakeChristian
LOL yup
I sure hope Schiff didn't leak on you!
Be well Brother Mike 
Hope you feel better soon!
https://royalrangers.com/ 
Take care of yourself Governor
They don’t treat bruised egos in the ER
Feel better.  Wish Schiff would have taken the hit.
Lol sorry  but him and a tv crew 
So sorry you got hurt! Never have I seen human beings embarrass animals by the way we act!
REALLY??  Stop the press!   Take care; America isn't ready to let you retire.  
Oh nooo!!
Yes, we are severely harming our boys & young men in a well intended effort to uplift our girls & women. Boys need a chance to learn to be good men rather than faulty & failed girls. We will regret destruction of BSA.
You are shameful to mention another person especially when that person isn't a Trump loyalist. Like father, like daughter.
Check out what Michael Caputo told Mueller
Yeah. I think you're right. I agree with you. I think membership will go down. (But *only* time will prove this.)
TAKE CARE!

Get well Governor!!!  
Who fkng cares. Go back to Arkansas.
Sorry, Gov I'm watching Lou Dobbs
I think you should try smoky eye too.
Hopefully you didn't catch Shifts diseases, mainly the mental disorder one..
I am glad that you came through it, remember they can never keep a good man down!
@AdamSchiffCA never met a camera he didn’t like 
And you see no irony in this tweet?
You just show what a complete CLOWN you are every day. Your family must be so proud.
Almost as funny as when Bob Dole said it 20 years ago.
Did Schiff assault you?  Lousey lib antifa supporter.  Or was it Cnn trying to take you out?   What would Frankie pantangeli do???  C'mon Huck, lets get'em now While we still have the muscle.
Take care of yourself Governor. Looking forward to seeing you on The Story!
LUCKY THING MICHELLE WOLF DIDN'T KICK YOUR BUTT

CNN no doubt. Suprised tgere was enough room for you to get between them with their head up his hind end
Luckily you have that layer of blubber to protect you from serious injury.
Luv ya Governor!!
Lol
Mike you are so funny and tough.  I see where your beautiful Sarah gets it. Love you both.
lolol...You can take Schiff AND the TV News Crew sir!
Happy you are OK
Watch out:  that guy is: bad news.
Sarah looked absolutely stunning Saturday night!

Was this a joke? Was he actually in the ER?
You just crack me up Governor!!

Hope you feel better soon Mike.  Love reading your stories and posts on Facebook!
We love Sarah Sanders!!!
🕇🕇🕇🕇🕇🕇🕇🕇
That's funny! You're a very intelligent guy. #MAGA 
Your hilarious
Glad to hear you feel better, waiting to see you on @TheStoryFNC
You seem to have no compunction about harming Christian testimony.

Good luck in Hell, Mike.
Here's my lawyers call them.Dowe,Cheathim,and Howe

What?! 
Waiting...
Just listening to Marie Barf at the moment :-)
You ain’t nobody’s Huckleberry!

Feel better and stay safe.
#MAGA
Whoa, be careful, sir.
Ouch! Hope you're OK 
You are a diesease on America and Christianity.

Ole' Schiffty has been ducking the news lately. Nothing bad to leak about Trump as it's all bad news for the dems coming down the pike.
The Governator!
Huck is a Twitter master
You really have to learn not to mock others for traits that so clearly apply to yourself.
So basically, you're jealous that reporters want to talk to Schiff and not you. Got it.
When you're standing on the RIGHT, you gotta watch out for those LEFT hooks Gov
It really grates on you that you’re a complete nobody that even Faux News rarely pays attention to, doesn’t it?
Gov I love your humour.
I love you Mike.  Sarah makes me proud every day.  The hate from the left is horrible but let her know more love her and the haters could never do her job.  She is a strong classy woman.
Lol. 
Hahaha......I can imagine the carnage that would bring on anyone.  'Ol Bug Eye loves his camera time!!!!
sorry to hear you pulled through mike. thoughts & prayers
And this is why we love you and @PressSec !!
I guess that’s what you’d call a Schiff sandwich.

For real? Omg, talk about getting beat up by the press!
Rofl!!!
Why did your son kill a Dog ?

Love your tweets Governor!
I’m sure the dogs that your son killed would have wished for a few bruises than death.
I was hoping it was more serious and you’d be gone for a really long time.
Hahaha
Any video? Lol
 Love ya Both ,
Give Sarah a big Kiss from us 
You are hilarious!
Looking forward to hearing your lies!
You're about as funny as #MichelleWolf.
I have no humor
The truest thing I've seen on Twitter all day.
Your attempts at humor are pathetic
#SchiffforBrains
Ralph Reed on Laura Ingraham tonight .... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Abramoff_Indian_lobbying_scandal …
