Shrimp or crawfish at least.
I can see what you fed Sarah all these years. She's looking very strong and manly lately, really beginning to look like her mother.
Sing to 'Desperado'

Sarah Sanders, you wear my grandma's old muumuu
I know she left it to you, the palm leaf's on your chest
It's in the closet, along with your swishy hubby
No wonder you're chubby; you ain't getting his best
Still talking about the dinner. Get over yourself, you were not invited.
If you are the babysitter Gov. you should get leftovers.
begging for table scraps from @realDonaldTrump like some sort of eggsuck dog?  have you no dignity? sad!
#Spineless #AssLicker

I'll bet Melania really misses Sven, the hunky Swedish plumber with washboard bas, who used to clean her pipes regularly in Trump Tower...
Better to have a GUY cleaning... Whatever to a woman, than another guy, to a tranny 
Panhandling again.

Awwww @PressSec  take your dear ole Dad some leftovers. lol I sure miss my Dad & miss taking him left overs! I just LOVE how you both are so honest, tell it like it is, & down to earth! God Bless you both!
Just patheticc

You’re becoming predictable, boring
Becoming?
#No  #Nah  #FoodForINVITEDguestsONLY
No wonder you’re fat, Mike.
We already know what a example you’ve set about eating for your family. #LyingHuckabees
What @GovMikeHuckabee said!
Hi, cunt.
For that fact where is Church's Chicken, Po'Boys, and crawfish ettouffe.
And crawfish pie, me oh my oh

And as an expat I cannot tell you how much I miss Popeyes Chicken, dirty rice & biscuits!
I wonder if they got real authentic and had the State Dining Room tables covered with newspapers?
Huckie you are an attention seeker. Are you that much unloved?
Nothing is too good for Sarah's Dad

Do they give doggie bags???

Now you're talk'en Louisiana favorites.

Let them eat cake.
I’m with you !!!!
I can’t believe I wasn’t invited.
I made boudin balls Monday and deep fried them, they were fantastic! #Cajuninnebraska
About them French dishes at the White House dinner

My mother always said: If you can’t pronounce the name of a food item it can’t possibly good for you. Ha ha.

So I will just stick with my favorite baked chicken & (per Ian Tyson)  ... wash it all down with a Coors 
I wonder what you'll all be served in prison?

I'm guessing you won't have choices...

Hopefully you don't get that obese sheriff who likes to pocket money meant to feed inmates. You'll starve.

Your tweets seriously crack me up. You would e fun to hang out with.
I tell you the same thing I tell my husband and children, DO NOT say Popeyes unless your holding a piece of chicken, okay!

Right!!  Sounds amazing....and kosher
God bless, Governor


You are making me hungry!
Were you there? I'm dying to see Melania's gown.
I love Popeye's chicken!
My wife and I were joking what we’d serve for a state dinner.  We laughed and laughed!
You know if chicken was involved they would have to invite Terrance 
For some unknown reason, I wasn't invited for that Cajun food either. What's up with that? Love my Popeye's Spicy Fried Chicken and those mouth watering biscuits!  This is making me hungry, Lol. 
@POTUS when will you invite us to the White House for dinner?
Ooooooooooo boys in!  Mmm mmmm
Not me. Can't handle the boudin, but leftover fried crawfish balls would be great.
I vote for @Popeyes. Good diplomatic food.
southern fellow no?
You must be super proud.. Your daughter is working in the greatest admin in my lifetime, perhaps ever.. She is remarkable... We love @PressSec
What?  No gumbo? 
Jambalaya
Boudin Balls
Gumbo
Crawfish Boil
Shrimp Etouffee
Dirty Rice
And, yes, Popeye's Chicken and Biscuits....OMG!

It's not nice to tease me that way...

Dang that looks good!!   LOL
You're a hoot, @GovMikeHuckabee! 

In reading the comments, I always wonder how people who are mean or nasty can really be enjoying life. I'm sorry for them.
Please go away. Adults are talking. Go talk to the mirror.
If there was any dirty rice, I'd have been impressed.
Did @realDonaldTrump and Marcon have a nice romantic night?
We all know who Melania is thinking about.
#TheResistance #SDNY
#racistmuch?
You misspelled “Putin.”
Probably the only thing I've agreed with you on......
Any selfies?
Jambalaya, Crawfish Pie, Filet Gumbo...
Son of a GUN...
We gonna have big fun, down on da bayo
Chik Fil-A would have been stellar.
Love your tweets, Governor!  Miss your show and your band!  
You have every right to be a proud papa! I’m proud of her and she’s not even my daughter! Hey Sarah, get this guy some crawfish! He deserves a whole mess of them!
Try chicken, sausage, and shrimp gumbo with lots of jalapenos and white onion to go with the okra and rice and tomato, add a little bit of refried beans and you have spicy deliciousness and probably a slight bit of heartburn later.
You are grossly overweight. Stop talking about food and take a walk. It’s gross.
Bot
Lol thanks for good laugh.  Always enjoy reading ur comments.
In the #dirtysouth, Popeye's Chicken counts as fine dining..
I would have been happy with a plate of french fries.
Or a taco bowl with the orange menace, & a margarita after the “un hand hold” ouch
You don't need it, Fake Jesus Lover. #weightwatchers
What if God and Jesus are for real?  You willing to gamble eternity in hell in case you are wrong?  Besides, I get a lot of joy from loving God and His son, Jesus.  That's just me, though.  You are missing out on the best deal of your life.  I feel bad for you.
Oh, I'm not saying Jesus is fake.  Just @GovMikeHuckabee 's "faith" Well, and the evangelicals who idolize @realDonaldTrump. #Hypocrisy
Glad to hear you don't think Jesus is fake.  I was really feeling bad about that.  Too bad ppl with different political views can't be nice to each other. Have a good life, Tim.
So bigoted, homophobic hillbillies like @PopeyesChicken? Huh. I knew @ChickfilA is an openly homophobic and bigoted company and would welcome your endorsement. But I'm guessing Popeyes probably do not want you touting them on Twitter, Mike "I'm a charlatan" Huckabee.
Are you really this miserable?  If Trump had not won, we would never have known just how awful you liberals are.  What an eye opener!  I feel bad for you.
My daughter had Popeyes and jambalaya tonight. Plenty leftover. You should have stoppped by . 
Yikes.
You need to call JENNY CRAIG right now and put down the gravy bowl dude...          NO my BAD ..go ahead and drink all THE GRAVY you want MIKEY.... drive that cholesterol through the roof......95% blockage is the goal
You're funny, Mr. Huckabee. My mouth started watering at the mention of Jambalaya.
I love Popeye's Chicken! Seriously!
#FIRESARAH #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW #FAKEPRESIDENT #NOTMYPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH #PUTINSPUPPET
fat
What happened, you finally fired chip?
Governor, can you whisper into @POTUS ear that I waited all day to watch the dinner on TV since I wasn't invited to attend.  Sure wish they would broadcast the next State Dinner!  I had my scrambled egg sandwich and was ready to eat with them while I watched.
No no no .. Popeyes? Really? That Chicken makes me nauseous! Yes .. where was the Boudin?

Is this supposed to be funny?  Because it isn't.
Funny is subjective, not absolute.
LOL @POTUS has to host a dinner for you.
I'm pretty sure he is embarrassing the country as usual..
You wish!
Wait! Just because you have a personal connection doesn't mean you get first dibs (although it does) I think we should have a drawing for leftovers 
“Melania won’t hold my hand”
Poll: Majority of Americans support special counsel Mueller’s probe of Russia, Trump campaign https://bayareane.ws/2GUyUoo  via @mercnews
I also love Cajun dishes! Maybe he has 2 leftover plates? 
Press secretary not giving you any love. You are so funny.
mike just wants the popeyes because chicken bones kill dogs
I love Boudins! The hotter the better!
Come down to Louisiana ! We had boudin and pepper jack boudin balls for supper ! Prolly boiling crawfish this weekend!
Me too :)
I saw that on the menu. My Mother In Law is full blood Cajun French so she spoiled me with the French food & taught me how to cook a lot of dishes.

I've declared! #Declarationdays @Towcaps http://declarationdays.com/s/8n0Vy6rxd357woP4 …
So excited to go to OCU with all my great new friends like Kloe!!! Like this pic to help me win a scholarship!!! 
