They have a very legal way to deal with all the privilege material they acquire. There is not going to be any client lawyer violation!!!  There is a legitimate way to raid a crooked lawyers office .  We can't just let crooked lawyers off the hook!!
I don't put a whole lot of faith in what the leftist ACLU stands for.  They've got a track record of standing up for their AGENDA. Not right over wrong. Here's a reminder of how they usually stand for the wrong things.
ACLU is a total backstabber.  When someone requested their assistance after having been roped up on fabricated "charges," ACLU responded with: "we can't help you during the trial phase.  It must get to the appeals phase before we'll do anything."
But, once you're in the appeals phase, you're past the point where a jury of common people can break you loose from the fraudulent courts, and are completely at the mercy of the aristocracy of attorneys that control the fraudulent courts in this country.
Is there a way to start impeachment on the DEMS for obstruction. They aren’t doing the job for the people.  Stalking on conformation. Or file criminal charges on their involvement in trying to undermine the presidential election with dossier
ACLU is an evil organization
Everyone needs to stand up and stop this behavior.  Do we really want to stay on this road? What goes around, comes around.
thats crap there is nothing in attorney client privilege that allows for the exemption of a planed criminal act between chn and 
tmp or any client and attorney this man hopes to misleadu look it up yourselves u cant plan a crime with your attorney& assume your above the law
They want to shred #4A and #5A which is why they hate @realDonaldTrump
They’re criminals , loser - you know nothing about the rule of law!
LOVE POTUS MADLY 
Right You Are Gov
The ACLU are communists
I don’t think will be hearing from them in the near future.
Protect a #TraitorTrump & #kisshisRing if you want! Sir, have you spoke up regarding @MeekMill #unjust #incarceration, but I guess #Justice is only for #Caucasian folk, especially wealthy #whiteguys whom you #Standup for, not middle class & poor POCs!
The ACLU is too busy persecuting Christians to care about that Gov.
#LoVainfo: Why are you people held to the highest office and we're #doomed #followers of idiots! Don't you know what #ACLU is? They're #terrorist OK! Get bloody informed, geez!

#Israel #STAT #NewsAlert #USA #Military @POTUS #America #People #NIXCNN #World #War #ACLUTerrorist #UN
Or do we have selective rights only for liberals?
ACLU knows that attorney-client privilege doesn’t cover communication involving criminal conspiracies where the lawyer is a co-conspirator, as is the case with Cohen.  Your attack on the FBI is grossly irresponsible, ignoring established facts of crimes by Cohen, cf 130k payment.
Federal judge appointed by ChickenShitHoleInChief approved search warrant for Cohen requested by federal attorney appointed by MoneyLaundererInChief

#WTF gaslighting 101 by Mike Huckabee
Civil liberties only matter when it fits your own narrative.  Nothing is wrong with ignoring certain liberties when trying to out @realDonaldTrump
You’re showing your ignorance again, mike. You don’t seem to understand how search warrants or the ACLU work. Stop being ignorant and spreading lies.
You. Are. Trampling on the Rule of Law. 

Sorry Huckabee: no such thing as a Fixer/Consigliere/Client Privilege.  The judge in the case will correctly rule on this.  But Cohen using his lawyers in court Friday to misrepresent facts is not a good faith start to this going his way.
Well, now that “Liberals” are trying to gut #1A and #2A & SCOUS gutted #10A is it any wonder they want to do away with #4A & #5A?

When the #Left says “The Constitution is a living document” they mean they want to kill it.
Communications between a lawyer and third parties are not protected by the attorney client privilege. Also, communications between a lawyer and client related to a felony fall within an exception and are not protected by the privilege.
They followed the law you nitwit.  No one is above the law not even attorneys
BS
At what point do we say enough as tax payers. Everyone has skeletons in their closets. So since no one is interested in cleaning out the deep States and Clinton’s closet why Trumps? We don’t want to go back. No one is perfect. Let’s govern. Let’s be American.
I still blame Jeff Sessions because he reclused himself then obstructed justice by:

"By printing Hillary's evidence as black pages!" 

However you let him remain in power? ...u got the protection and results that you wanted! 

"You rip what u sow!"
our grandchildren will be skin and bones before that happens
YOU can do more about it than WE the People can. So why don't we see every @GOP 's hair on fire?
Don't hold your breath
BTW, the judge in the case, Kimba Wood, was nominated by President Ronald Reagan and confirmed by a unanimous United States Senate on April 19, 1988.
The raid was conducted to make sure nothing else was shredded.
This seizure was requested by a Trump-appointed U.S. Attorney in Manhattan, The Trump-appointed Deputy Attorney General signed off on it and it was approved by a judge. Then the FBI, under a Trump-appointed director, oversaw the raid.
Don’t hold your breath Mike expecially forcACLU
We are living in a horrible time.
The SDNY has duly signed and authorized warrants.
Thank you, & huckabee has lost his mind.
Like you ever cared about civil liberties for anyone else? You are such a hypocrite, but of course since your an “evangelical Christian.” Every last one of you is a two faced blasphemer.
Mike, you know the ACLU isn't really the Union for Civil Liberties of all Americans. Just the Socialist leaning folks. Really should change their name, but then folks might wake up and see them for what they are..wouldn't want that.
Question. If they raided Clinton's lawyer's office would you be saying the samething? I find it unlikely.
So disappointed that they didn’t do the right thing
1st and 2nd amendments are being shredded too. They are all important.
I hope this incident raises your awareness of how civil rights violations are suffered by everyday citizens, and I hope to see you fighting for our civil rights too.
The got a warrant which means they presented evidence in support of the Crime-Fraud Exemption. It also means historically, the chances of Cohen going to jail are 100%
You are saying that getting a warrant is 100% proof that he is going to jail.  Again how did a Russian Collusion investigation turn our justice system into Russia’s?  Hate is driving this erosion of our judicial system.
Historically 100%
You might not know law, being the village idiot you are, but that doesn’t apply if the lawyer is as criminal as his client
I take it we’re still waiting
Law and order goofy blue lives matter respect law and order try not bumping Drumph head when putting him in a squad car.
and Mueller get access to our personal data on facebook ok'd by Zuck????
Not privileged if involving fraud, no blanket privilege in any event. A lawyer is not a priest serving under conditions of the confessional.
Hmmm...can’t decide if you’re being disingenuous to incite the rabble even more or if you’re ignorant of the law.

I’m gonna go with both.
Mike, obvious..you ain't no Attorney!
Their Rubber Stamping our amendment's something beyond Silly.
You are exactly right Brother Huckabee. ACLU spreads lies.
Cause.

Look it up.

Flush the ACLU
Hold where IS Ca .  LEFTIST ?
ACLU approves of raid
The guilty cannot hide.
Amen! !!!!
Only the Second.
The ACLU Did weigh-in on the Cohen Raid.  They not only Condoned the raid,  They PRAISED it as a sign that law & order prevails.  Such Hypocrisy from the Left.  As Professor Dershowitz commented,  the ACLU would protest if it were Clinton's lawyer's office.
If even the most liberal among us are not shuddering in their boots about this, we are lost.
@ACLU  @ACLU_SoCal have no honour left!Lame 2side w/ @Rod_Rosenstein 2break attorney client privilege!They R so biased it's pathetic! Fire all #DeepState fools, they have NO RIGHT 2exert influence cuz NOT elected! #cdnpoli #USA #Trump #Mueller #leadership
The ends always justify the means. Liberal mantra.

We'd be smart to start playing by their rules. No mercy for the left. The game can only be okayed fairly when opposition sides are playibg by the same rules.
I don't even live in the US and I know very well that SOP was followed here. Precisely because you DO have a rule of law.
A weaponized FBI/DOJ comprised of Obama holdovers continues to oppose President! Every last one of them needs to be fired like the air traffic controllers !
It’s a terrible day for America’s citizens when right are thrown out because some prosecutor didn’t agree with a legal life style
True. #RealUS LOVES @POTUS. ENFORCE 4th & 5th amend. Hold rogue FBI accountable. NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW. May God help DJT 45 to STAY THE COURSE & #MASafeA & #MAGA! May God HUMILITATE the enemies of the President. Deuteronomy 28:7
@ACLU They've been suffering a blackout and can't respond.  It seems they short circuit when faced with someone who isn't an extremist.  Always willing to defend a terrorist, a Nazi, a Fascist; total silence on FBI raiding Cohen's office because of their bias against the Pres.
You have no idea what your are talking about. A trump appointee approved everything you're whining about
Will trumps doctors be next?

They won't be govenor! We are always faithful when called upon. We've got Trumps back 100% and I'm talking Big Leauge!
The Constitution is the reason that this country claims to be free. If this atrocity is not dealt with we are doomed. The FBI is following communistic rules. It appears that the FBI is turning into the KGB. They are demonstrating corruption beyond...
Huck you are being dishonest and you know it.
this was communications between a PIMP & a JOHN. Hey Mike you are a good looking dude, albeit from AR, to boot, how on Gods good earth did you spawn a gargoyle? Probably the whitetrash gene pool ha?
Strange the “lock her up” Trumpets suddenly concerned with attorney-client privilege, due process and all?
#CrimeFraud exception. The attorney client privilege is not a shield against illegal activity.
Makes you wonder why a judge would sign off on such a warrant. 

If there is significant evidence of an attorney breaking the law for his client, does A-C privilege still hold?
Was Mueller not appointed solely to investigate whether there was collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia?
Sir, out of context here, I need to say how brilliant your daughter Sarah is. Thank you for raising her to be this incredible asset to our Country!!
God bless you and yours
#crickets
Exactly!!!
Evidently you couldn’t care less if crimes have been committed. If Cohen  has nothing to hide he’s not worried right?
Has Twitter educated you enough on this yet Mike or do I need to chime in
I don’t know why it is the Republican Party is losing their backbone in fact I think we should get very very aggressive now and start taking what we want away from the Democrat FBI offices take what files we want just walk in and take him military police if necessary
Yeah, I'm sure they're standing in line right after the SPLC.
The answer is no and sorry but the fourth and fifth amendments left town in 2001.
ACLU only cares about protecting Liberals!
It is uncontroversial law that attorney client privilege does not protect communications which may evidence fraud. If there are such documents, Trump's in trouble. If not, the FBI will see nothing as the taint team will redact anything to and from Trump.
My guess is it wasn’t a breakin. They had a warrant. Which should imply something that looks like evidence presented to a judge to sign off.... so
Desperate OUT OF CONTROL INVASION OF CONFIDENTIALITY @realDonaldTrump IS ALWAYS RIGHT #AmericaFirst #MAGA
If ALCU doesn't speak up then they can be tagged a Democratic Party front.
Oh good
.@realDonaldTrump: "Attorney-client privilege is dead!"

Us:
https://www.aclu.org/blog/executive-branch/crime-fraud-exception-michael-cohen-case …
That is a GREAT POINT....This further exposes that ACLU as a weapon of the Left, not an advocate of human rights and privacy.
Shredding? Who said anything about... oh.. I see what your doing there
Please speak to Trump and stop him from attacking Syria
We are moving more and more to what the Left wants: A police state
Not likely. They only protect and fight for liberals/Socialists and Communists.
Still waiting?
Nope
.@realDonaldTrump: "Attorney-client privilege is dead!"

Us:
https://www.aclu.org/blog/executive-branch/crime-fraud-exception-michael-cohen-case …
Exactly
ACLU is not for liberty!!!

“I am for socialism, disarmament and ultimately for abolishing the state itself as an instrument of violence and compulsion. I seek the social ownership of property.... Communism is, of course, the goal.” ACLU founder Roger Baldwin, 1935
So when is the FBI going to do their job and hold Hillary, Lynch, Obama, Rice, Weisserman, and all the other criminals that have committed SERIOUS crimes!!!? What about Bill taping women? Or Pedophile Biden?
Uh, they weren't. Do a little research before you post fake stories
There is no attorney-client privilege if there’s probable cause that the attorney is helping the client commit a crime.  Due process is exactly what Cohen is getting
Hey Guv.... hate to tell you, but attorney/client privilege does not apppy here since the attorney and client were acting to commit FRAUD!!!
First amendment, second amendment, fourth, and fifth... Attack on the Constitution. Period
Nope
.@realDonaldTrump: "Attorney-client privilege is dead!"

Us:
https://www.aclu.org/blog/executive-branch/crime-fraud-exception-michael-cohen-case …
So True Governor! Notice they’re silent on the violation of @DiamondandSilk Rights too! I haven’t had any trust in them in 20yrs. But these cases alone show how blatantly they have become a Socialist agency “Union”.
Nope
.@realDonaldTrump: "Attorney-client privilege is dead!"

Us:
https://www.aclu.org/blog/executive-branch/crime-fraud-exception-michael-cohen-case …
Crooked Hillary needs to serve time, so the country  can prevail .w a new leader,Trump. Crooked games they are never going to stop. W out bars .
Yah it effect them too, but problem is Democrats eat their own, for the cause.
Hahahaha hahahaha. You’re kidding right?  Love you and your daughterTwo American Patriots!
You’ll be waiting for a cold day in hell till that happens...
Oh look your wait is over.
.@realDonaldTrump: "Attorney-client privilege is dead!"

Us:
https://www.aclu.org/blog/executive-branch/crime-fraud-exception-michael-cohen-case …
All you "good guys" in DC <cough> better get your shit together bc all across this country ppl are waking up to the fact their govt is lying.   You will not be exempt.
No. It didn't happen to a liberal
Raids on psychiatrists’s offices are next, although @realDonaldTrump has never seen one officially. The Catholic confessional will be bugged!
The fourth amendment requires a warrant for a search for evidence, which the FBI had.
@Patriotvnvet looks like Civil Liberties are dead!
You may want to get a cup of covevfe, it'll be a long wait.
This comment wins the day!
You can stop waiting Gov the ACLU is another big reason Dems are allowed to destroy our country
What part of a Trump appointment judge approved this warrant legally don't you or your lying daughter understand?
Don't hold your breath. This is a #DeepState mess.
I have a feeling you’ll be waiting a long time 
Dear Mike ,please save all your bluster and blarney for Sarah .My dad already taught me truth and justice.  #ImpeachTrump
As for todays laughs boys and girls. An Irish idiot who still believes the collusion of Trump and Russia is real.
A raid on the ACLU would cause them to change their tune! They don't truly care about civil liberties, they are only concerned with the liberal agenda  You can wait and hope, but they won't be weighing in on this. It doesn't fit bias 
Next on the left's agenda "thought crime"
The dembots are out strong this morning.  They fail to see the larger picture of insurrection with their side.  Having politicized the DOJ and the FBI, they feel they can do no wrong, but the problem is they apply the rule of law one sidedly.   Their turn will come!
Waiting for Godoy?
amazes me how much attention is given to a case of “consensual sex between 2 adults” from 10 years ago, when many crimes were committed and left unanswered for during the obama administration  years ...POTUS is focusing on real world problems, thank God, blessings to him and fam!
Yeah keep waiting

ACLU is probably helping pilfere the goods. Dont expect ACLU propagandists to stand up for justice, they're as corrupt as it gets.
They should have been looked into long ago!!
ACLU is just another tax payer funded Democrat machine, not a legitimate program.
They hide behind these orgs!! That's pretty clear Now!
Of course. These groups, organizations are corrupt and have blood on their hands. Nothing more than funnels for taxpayer $$ and power.
You magat's  missed the part about everyone involved in this are REPUBLICAN and one was appointed by tRump. 
Go away. Go be insane somewhere else.
Like you & your fellow magat's 
That's SUPPOSED to be Jay SUCKulow's SPECIALTY! Then WHY isn't HE doing something about it?????????????????????
the same deep state players,, if we don't stand up and get louder than we have been,, the swamp will continue, @POTUS cant do it alone,, I know #Trumpsters have really come together in last couple years,, but we may have to ramp it up before this is done  #TrumpTrain #Trumpville
Don’t u have anything better 2 do!  Obviously not. That’s very sad.
NOPE! JUST WATCH YOU PEOPLE JUST LIKE YOU WATCH PRESIDENT TRUMP... WE Patriots Will Be WATCHING YOU! Don’t YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO??? !!!
You're just another delusional Trumptard.
Change that to WILL NOT BE..!!
Thanks Gov Huckabee, so true & let your intelligent, attractive, hardworking, daughter know how much we appreciate all she does & has to deal with!
Now THAT is some funny shit, right there!!!! 
Did you eat dog tonight? Your bark is bigger than your bite. I’ve heard you have dog in your fridge. Is it true? I mean you know what people are saying about you and your family, right?
The left is attempting to turn us into a Fascist country where the citizens have no rights. They wants the guns next so that they can use the illegal criminals and refugees to terrorize the unarmed citizens, slowly genociding them. It's happening in UK.
Wow where do you get your news from? You might be a bit over paranoid might want to go get that checked out.
It's amazing how liberals can't see every tactic used today will be used against them tomorrow. If acceptable today it will be acceptable tomorrow
No, Mike, you got that wrong. The ACLU only represents minorities.
I'm not american so I shouldn't have to be the one to tell you this, but the 4th amendment rights protect americans from UNREASONABLE searches and seizures. If it doesn't seem reasonable to you maybe you should take your head out of your ass. Best regards.
Did I say your ass? I meant his. I never studied journalism but even I know that truthfulness, accuracy, objectivity, impartiality are part of journalistic codes of ethics, Funny how nobody at Fox News heard about them.
Tell me again the purpose of the ACLU....
I won't hold my breath
Here's your @ACLU response
If they had done this to Hillary’s lawyers, the MSM would be raging!!
Democrats will cheat & use their corruption any way they can their ruining this country with their political hate!  #Disgusting&Evil
He started it by shredding the 1st amendment.
You need to study the law. FBI is well within their authority to issue a warrant on anyone. Cohen must have done some serious crime for them to approve the search. He acts like a thug.
mueller and his deep state nazi's!

You control all houses of government. This is a Republican led investigation with judges appointed by Trump who signed off on this.
Ваша дочь - хороший лжец. #MAGA
Nothing justifies this until Hillary and her gang are all hanging from rope like she said should happen!
Sorry but this is dangerous when client privilege means nothing if the government can seize your records
You are totally irrelevant.
Yes they have jumped on the scale and tipped Justice towards their own sense of liberal entitlement.
Even the tribal judge here says it happens often... hello???
#ACLU is dead. Is now #DemocratCLU
I wouldn't hold my breath on this one.
- From ACLU website:
And perhaps the first principle of the rule of law is that no one – not even the president, let alone his lawyer – is above the law.  And no one, not even the president, can exploit the attorney-client privilege to engage in crime or fraud.
A history of the ACLU defending the Confederate flag, the Tea Party, the KKK and conservative groups.
Say.....how is that psychopathic dog torturing son of yours? You know....the one you bought out of charges. And he was nice enough to torture that poor dog in front f children. Wow. What a nice family. And your daughter..so precious and such a talented liar. Great job there dad.
https://www.aclu.org/blog/executive-branch/crime-fraud-exception-michael-cohen-case …

Oh gee Mikey would ya look at that?
It's getting to be a one-party one way no freedom of speech no protection for yourself Nazi government are we prepared for this or we going to fight to stop it??
Fairly clueless for a lawyer and a governor. Is there any wonder you are where you are ? 
where was the fbi on raiding Hillarys lawyers places when she gave him all those emails to hold for her, for months?
UGLINESS needs to go people and stop hypocrisy and act like mature people if you can
ACLU is bs just like southern poverty law center and all the rest of the left support groups!
Well, once again, you are wrong and loud. But at least you are consitistent, so that’s something.
Definitely
Don't do the same if you can't do the time. Don't do it.
How can one man be so damned dumb?
More attempts to deceive.  You know full well that a team to preserve client privilege was part of the raid to ensure preservation of atty client privilege.
Disbelief at what was done to the President’s attorney!!  Justice is dead and it’s frightening to know there’s no one to come to the President’s defense to stop the witch hunt. I couldn’t be more disappointed in Jeff Sessions’ failure to protect him from the criminal Mueller.
Do you ppl really believe Clinton’s classified emails on her private server wasn’t illegal?  You believe it isn’t illegal to delete emails and bleach bit your files after they were subpoenaed by Congress?  Try that and see what happens to you!  Just to name two!
Stop putting your nationalism before eyour faith. Jesus wouldn't have this.
You, sir, are a moron.
Are we stupid about the @ACLU ? They are celebrating. I’m in pain over @GovMikeHuckabee ‘s naivte n gullibility over the ACLU.
