How convenient for Dems to have a brother of @DWStweets , Steven Wasserman to oversee the investigation of  the Awan criminal case?
@TheJusticeDept
so good to know our Mueller investigation tax $$have been well spent on objective investigation.FBI raiding Cohen at his home-urgent for imminentNational Security threat!!But no need to cough up the server for investigation into Russians ‘hacking’ our election.
What is it going to take to get subpoenas for every server and laptop of the Clintons, Wasserman-Schultz, Lynch and the DNC ? Let’s get it done!

I'm going to take a q from the liberal knotheads and point out that there isn't nearly enough "DIVERSITY" in that picture..
Yes, what's going on with the Pakistani IT spy family and why hasn't the hammer fallen on them? Is the DOJ still providing cover for them or what? More work to do to depoliticize the DOJ and FBI!
How does it feel to be the second-most detestable Huckabee?
Shall we? I'm ready to learn the truth!
But you don't care about breaches from others...
Characterizing the Awan family as “mysterious” is fake news. There is nothing mysterious about it. He legally came to the USA at 14, went to college, & worked in the halls of Congress for 13 years. Like many people who work for the govt, he committed bank fraud & was arrested.
I’ve bigger deal than they made it out to be. Implicated MANY  Congress people
So frustrated that this story had been ignored. Something is rotten here.
Amway family??? DeVos ????
Don’t trust this site. Totally biased.  Not to be trusted.   Popular doesn’t make it true.
And the other side isn’t?  Come on
Awesome! I voted!!
If there was anything why is Your AG sitting on his ass, where is the indictment? Incompetence.
#trusttheplan
Please look to your left, underneath the red napkin holder. There is a speck of paper dust that must be analyzed by a multitude of agencies. Please ignore the issue of National Security as determining the makeup and source of the paper dust is more important
A fresh look is always good. Let’s take a fresh look at how your son beats animals to death.

RED ALERT!!! Security breaches at the heart of American government!! 
Truth is there may be more breach in the WH.  Time to not hire ppl who have family members living in countries that hate us. They are all in as AMER citizens or your out of gov work looking into our gov classified docs. @realDonaldTrump
put a zipper on the border-i mean a real mammoth zipper
yikes-despite the hooplah no 9/11 repeat-something must be working
AMEN!
Oh my LORD are they comimg to DeLand???????
