You’ve got the smartest most beautiful daughter....  white lie..... 
Beautiful
Amazing humorist you are sir!
#GovMikeHuckabee since you didn't break with the "Russian probe" the waterboarding will be a piece of cake.
You wouldn’t last 2 seconds....you would renounce everything, including God

#MikeHuckabeenotfunny
Love your tweets, Gov.
You make Jesus sad. Death & torture?  You’re dead inside so your children actually make a lot of sense. Sick family.
Great comments: Christian compassion does not mean being chumps. Other countries protect their borders, why can't we protect ours? Who allows non-citizens to enter w/o a passport. Our citizens should be protected by our gov't. Agree POTUS elected- he remembers us- the forgotten.
You should be water boarded.
You make my day Mr. Huckabee! Thank you 
Yikes
Only psychos make fun of torture and spell tonight with the number 2.
What is the matter with you?! FIrst jokes about Michael Jackson,'s death and now torture. You really need serious help.
Good luck with http://that.lol 
I don't know how you were able to stand it!
Joking about torture is almost as funny as lying to the American people, like your daughter @SarahHuckabee does everyday.
Will be a great show! @GovMikeHuckabee and @marthamaccallum are two of my most favorite TV personalities.
Special appearance by Sarah, the lying hog.
No dont do that!
Mikey your already morally broke & spiritually bankrupt. Wouldn't mind watching the torture part though. Can we get the lady director in waiting for the CIA  to do it? Heard she's thorough & leaves no trail.
There’s something seriously wrong with you. Maybe lay off the Jesus Juice.
Jesus juice,really? I am proud to say that I drink a lot of it and need to drink more.
Why are your “jokes” always so dark? If you profess a love of Jesus, please try to act with a little more humanity. #WWJD
bring your bathing suit.
"Break?" You, like your snarling, lying daughter are already broken, #MikeHuckabee.
White Evangelicals voted for #SexOffenderTrump and now conjure "mulligans" for the sins of the #Liar who's claiming he didn't commit them. "Christian" #FamilyValues, #GOPvangelicalsAgainstChrist?!
I’m surprised you didn’t ask for another colonoscopy
hmm a 'Christian' making jokes about torture - oh wait, make that a GOP 'Christian' - a TOTALLY DIFFERENT THING!    how disgusting!!
I hope she does.  You’d be crying like an old fat guy in 3 seconds.
No one cares. Go eat Cheetos with Sarah

Sorry Mike, you’re already broken.
I love that you make me laugh everyday. Thanks 
@FOXNEWS ??? It is a disgrace u preach lies in foxnews and ur dauhter lie for trump!!! WHAT IS True Jesus [ The brown skinned palastinian ] son of god think abt ur family??? U  r the roman trade men in jesus time!!!!
You killed it on Martha’s show! Thank you for speaking truth.
Are you going to talk about killing stray dogs?
Still only on the low IQ/EQ Network, eh?
If only
Torture jokes aren't funny, Fake Jesus Lover.
Lol
I will be watching but she hasn’t a chance of breaking you. Water boarding no.. a taffy puller...
Trust me, in less than 30 seconds you will be crying, "Uncle"....
If only
Does that mean you'll tell the truth for once?

gonna tell some jokes? That's like being water-boarded.
Why don't you go on Don Lemon's show.
Dude you are not funny.
George Soros believes we should let everyone in. Create safe zones for them in their country.
Did your son waterboard that dog before he murdered it?
You are already a broken person.....Try following God's example......stop name calling and being snarky!
You just hosted 6 grandchildren for a week...waterboarding can't break you!
Love ya Mike, but I’ll be watching Lou.
Wow!! A sight to see!!
If you were held in an anonymous concrete cell by Islamic extremists and had no control and were in fear for your life, you would break. They wouldn't even have to waterboard you.  It's funny as entertainment.  The reality is quite different.  I hope you never find that out.
Not funny.

You are a retread

hope you bust a gut, Gov  (#FoxNotNews; #FoxEntertainment)  that would be truly entertaining

still wishing you pulled out @PressSec
Luv ya Gov!  God bless you!
Do you really think torture is funny? May karma let you experience waterboarding one day. And you would break in a heartbeat.
So Kathy, you an expert on torture?  Ever been in the service?
do not like http://Martha.To  many ignorant democrats  and talks over guests,after using their time,cuts then off in the middle of everything.The new Kelly,in the making.Dobbs becoming more popular,at that time
Is that why you did the colonoscopy at the same time? Afraid you’ll shit yourself? #HucksKidsStrangleDogs
Thanks I needed that. Lol, I'll be sure to watch.
why would you do that? lol
Break what, wind?
She can water board me too

Will your son kill a dog too or what?
Ok, I’m still laughing as I read it again!

Ok, that’s twice today you made my day with straight up organic laughter, thanks.. I needed that!
Yes. Because we all know torture is just a fricking hilarious topic. Soooooo funny. 
Talk to me when you get that 7th coveted follower.
Oh burn

For real? Or is this like fraidy-cat @seanhannity
Ok, I'll watch.
Make Sure you bring your Water Wings, LMAO 
