.@GovMikeHuckabee: "Having @HillaryClinton come in and campaign for you if you are a Democrat candidate is like having Jeffrey Dahmer do the ribbon-cutting at a restaurant opening." 
Christian humor? Dahmer was to be pitied, not parodied. His victims lost their lives... and the best you can do is joke about the tragedy. Sad.
Gee another liberal with no sense of humor.  Imagine that!
Your daughter is the Best!!!!!  You must be very Proud.
Best what?
Do you know who his daughter is?  Then you know what she's the best at.
Not ever answering a question truthfully, she’s excellent at that.
Who's country?
Mine, get out communist loser

Lmao
Your mocking and crude jesting are shining examples of what Christ taught. (Or are they?) (I am an independent-voting veteran who didn't vote for HRC or Trump.) Keep in mind that you are held accountable for every word you say. Isn't that right?
Accountable or responsible? A false Christian? These phonies want to be listened to but not watched. Huckabee & daughter would kiss Trump's buttocks for their shabby "fame and fortune."

Which one is the sadistic dog killer?
The fattest one in the middle.
Does anyone know what really happened to the Beach Boys?
Funny wow
Is this yet another one of your dark “jokes?”
If your going to constantly say such horrific & unnecessarily exaggerated things about people, regardless of politics, you shouldn’t be presenting yourself as religious. #hypocrisy #FakeChristian
Still obsessed with Clinton eh? Probably cause she is so much smarter and classy than you....
So let's keep Hillary, Nancy and Maxine out therestumping for the democrats.
Oh Mike,Trump still controlling you stupid people at Fox because you can't do nothing about the news on Mike Cohen so loving this,because she's the only thing you got lol
Dad!  You should go on tour with Chris Rock. You are soooooooooooooo funny. Oops! Gotta run. Time to lie on National TV again.
Your dad's a "tweetin' comic". Joking about dying in United's overhead compartments, kids eating poison Tide pods, and waterboarding torture. Now, Jeffrey Dahmer 25 yr. old gag? Has he lost it from being dinged off the CMA gig or has your sadistic brother taken over his Twitter?
WWRJD?
Your comments never disappoint Governor!!!  Very clever!!
He gives new meaning to WWRJD.

WWRJD?
Some friends are promoting HRC as the 2020 presidential candidate. After all, she’s the perfect representative of Democrat Party values. Don’t you think voters should have “a clear choice?”
OR DONALD TRUMP NO ONE HE BACKED SO FAR GOT ELECTED. SO HYPOCRITICAL. ALL PASTORS 4 TRUMP THE SAME.


You're so funny. Watching your daughter do a press conference is like being in a fairy tale. So many lies. No integrity whatsoever. Just like you.
That’s pretty funny! Gotta remember that one!
Having Trump campaign for you is like have Chester the molester come and campaign for you.
Everyday is joyous knowing Mike Huckabee will one day begin eternal journey of burning in Christian Hell!
With his sadistic dog killing son.
What's with this guys Tweets? Joking about dying in United's overhead compartments, kids eating poison Tide pods, and waterboarding torture. Now, Jeffrey Dahmer 25 yr. old gag? Mike's either lost it from being dinged off CMA gig or sadistic son has taken over his Twitter.
Yeah, that would be like having your whale of a daughter baking pies, when we all know she’ll eat them all by herself.
Yeah, what's with this guys Tweets? Joking about dying in United's overhead compartments, kids eating poison Tide pods, and waterboarding torture. Now, Jeffrey Dahmer 25 yr. old gag? Mike's either lost it from being dinged off CMA gig or sadistic son has taken over his Twitter.

It would be like your son speaking at an ASPCA fundraiser.
Huckabee, the restaurant opening would be "All You Can Eat" where Trump eats out 2,000 vaginas and his attorney pays them all off the women in real time with NDAs ready to execute. Your tweet is funnier, but it's fake news - mine isn't as much.
Trump for the Republicans the kiss of death 
Oh let it happen
@HillaryClinton won the popular vote. You’ll never even sniff that. Hypocrite.
A Huckabee in action:
Kinda like having the guy in the Oval Office right now recommend you.....guaranteed to help you lose.....look at the last few elections...how is ROY doing? :)
You know, given Trump stumped for a man with allegations of child molestation against him, you really should watch where you throw those rocks in your glass house and leave the comedy to the professionals.
Now that's funny!!
Is your daughter still lying??

Almost like having a Huckabee campaign for you!
Gov. Huckabee is very clever with words. Gotta love him.
You realize you are no longer the governor of Arkansas...right?  You might want to change your username on Twitter.
Do u believe that Jesus said his Kingdom was no part of the world??if u do then why do u as a so call Christian and preacher involved yourself in politics?? please explain
Let's hope she does.

Or it's like your son cutting the ribbon at a puppy rescue. #YourSonKillsDogs
Dahmer - "Sometimes you feel like a nut.  Sometimes you don't,"
I was watching......and laughing!!
I thought it was funny
Or.. it's like cvovering up for the sadistic murder of dogs by ur offspring.
Governor you are soooooo funny!! I had to laugh out loud. 
Not funny fat ass. But the same could be argued about trump.
Or maybe like hiring your son as a dog walker.
Trying to count the lies fatty told yesterday.
I was trying to count the lies fatty told yesterday.
GO AHEAD PASTOR HUCKABEE, Follow your original VOW @ Ordination! SHOUT BIBLICALLY SOLID WARNINGS LIKE BELOW every chance you get! Join the rest of us who made the "Ordained Vow".
You must be something else at the dinner table! Cornball! 
Absolutely!!
That's some funny shit Pastor you're a funny guy
Or bone spurs talking about military defense & malaria talking about cyber bullying
Your daughter is a lying whore.
Keep speaking the truth! Win this war against liberalism
You suck at attempting pithy sound bites.
3 million more LEGAL votes than your Supreme Leader.
At this point her body count is way,higher than him,I know they were all accidents,but still
I hope you and Greg Gutfield have time to sit down someday and just pull out the “compared to...” analogies and entertain us all for days! Love you Gov

Why do you still call yourself "Gov. Mike Huckabee"?  Having a hard time letting go?
You are not smart.
Oh my
What has happened to you? I'm disappointed! Thought you had more compassion than to malign someone who isn't even in government anymore. Trump has changed you for worse, and that's SAD!!!
No
Good point, Eddie. Huckabee’s always been terrible. This isn’t new.
Gee you're someone to look up to, such a fine example if a good Christian............NOT!
You will got to the restaurant tho look how fat u look
You are too funny. Great illustration.
Hahaha
Having Mike Huckabee express his political opinion is like having Roseanne Barr bake cookies dressed as Hitler. You'll get half-baked half-burnt trash from someone impressed by their own sense of humor.
Good One

Precisely  lmbo
@FoxNews Keep up the great work Mr Governor I enjoy watching you I only wish Fox would@give you your own time slot as you provide a more realistic view and not always politically correct view - you are a breathe of fresh air
I think it's like having your son be a counselor at Boy Scout camp.
Man of God?

Why are you given a microphone to broadcast your misogyny? You are a prime example of hypocrisy in Christianity.
Not


You're a hoot. So glad I follow you.
Classy
True! Ha ha! Stay on your roll Hillary!!
Haha, you are all the same, just paid shills.
U r such the model Christian Mikee.  Jesus must be so proud of you.
Now that’s funny

Fake Christian
She is our best spokesperson for the GOP!!  She will continue to drive more Dems to the GOP!!
Or even worse Donnie boy.  How many is it for him?   You have Big Luther, Pedophile Moore, the nameless guy from PA and there are probably more.
I support you Mr. Huckabee
One of the best @FoxNews #Outnumbered in a whileAlso love your show on @TBN  Sat/Sun night. True entertainment. Thank you
Or Mike Huckabee blessing your church.
Damn straight, he needs to be returned to his Outhouse in Arkansas.
It’s like having your son run a dog sitter or your daughter mc a truth-telling contest.
Or you opening a comedy club.
I promise if you never make another joke I'll join the Republican party
Yeah that's as funny as you doing nothing about this after the millions upon millions of taxpayer money you fraudulently spent investigating HRC for her e-mails & whatever else was GOP Man Baby Outrage:
Of the 26 email domains managed by the Executive Office of the President, 18 are not in compliance with a DHS directive to implement a security protocol that verifies the emails as genuinely from the White House. https://www.axios.com/outgoing-white-house-emails-not-protected-by-verification-system-deafc584-759b-4c8f-969a-3ced8a8059f8.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic …
Or  Trump
... or having Trump endorse you.
or like having David Huckabee volunteer at a dog kennel
OMG! You are so funny. This was your best yet!
Having Trump campaign for you is like having a cross between Jack the Ripper and the north end of a south bound mule.
Leave Hillary alone. Her actions are good for the Republican. It makes those who voted for Trump feel good and a slight regret for those who voted for her. @seanhannity @TrumpSuperPAC @SidneyPowell1
Are trying to be funnier than @JimCarrey
A rock is funnier than @JimCarrey
Enjoyed the show today! Come back soon! 
Where’s the “I FREAKING LOVE IT!” Button
Boy does the truth with the facts really hurt
Ha!
Governor Huckabee is definitely a politician I'd want to have a beer with lol
Loved seeing you on outnumbered thanks for heads up on your appearance, sorry about Marie.
Or like having Mikey's good buddy Josh Duggar babysit your daughters.
This made my day!

Hilarious Mike
Dude, you gotta stop with the jokes.  You aren’t funny
No, he's freaking hilarious.
Or like having your son be a dog sitter.
You are a sick man.
I watched and laughed out loud at all your analysis /comment of HRC 
So you worked on that joke for what, four months or so? Incredibly relevant, too. How many political offices have you held onto again? Three? Cue the snowflake comments, I need engagement traffic.
Russia (and Trump) convinced all these right wing morons that a Hillary was the devil incarnate
That’s funny
...or like having Sarah Huckabee Sanders administer an oath to tell the TRUTH.
Saw it! You did great! 
I would spit in your face if I ever saw you in person.


Thank you for always putting a smile on my face!
God bless you and your family..
You really have no class... None.
Severly humor-impaired.
hey mike i'm 85 years old and i'm laughin my butt off over here! nice work!


Stiilll whining about @HillaryClinton then are we?

#maga
lol
