.@GovMikeHuckabee: "Maybe Bob Mueller ought to move his operation looking into obstruction of justice to Oakland." 
You rule Gov.
Hey Mike, back with some comedy notes for you. “No icing on birthday cake” seems like a pretty old idiom. I think you were intentionally being facetious with “shame on you!” So maybe play off of that?
For example: “Missed it the first time? Shame on you, miss it a second time... shame on you again!” 

This plays off of ”fool me twice, shame on me” but by subverting that expectation it makes for a humerus punchline. We’ll get there buddy!
I’ve yet to see your “jokes” & “banter” based on anything other than wrath. Too much Old Testament?
Good, less calories to take in, lol
Please, Governor, could you tell Fox News to look into a bill passed by the New York City Council called Online Voter Registration (Law 250 of '17), which literally says "sign using your  finger on a smartphone or snap a picture of your signature and u are registered to vote!
Reminds me of the Sinclair Group demanding that all of their television stations news anchors tell the exact same diatribe about fake news. Right out of the Fascist Nazi Playbook. Watch a movie called "Hitlers Children".  The similarities are frightening.  Be scared  very scared.
Yes, I'm very scared of laws passed by City Councils rsgistering people to vote who are no citizens!
You should really stop buying the trumpaganda and conspiracy theories.
You have your head in the sand! Trumpaganda a  conspiracy theory!
Do your research before you put yoir finger on the board! I li e in New Yorl City and vot z newsletter from my Dem Councilman detailing his "accomplishments" and among them is (Law 238 of '17). I'll follow you /1
Lol
It needs to be closed and stop spending money for nothing .
I'll need something stronger than cake to get through listening to your nonsense.
You are the most ridiculous man. And your family are animal killers or is that just your son ex governor
You really are full of yourself, aren't you? Man of God my a$$. Because you will say and do anything for the almighty dollar. Know what that makes you, Mike?
I wish we had a President Huckabee.  You make such sense.
I'd rather have crabs than watch you do anything.
How do you sleep at night??
Probably the same way you do, with both eyes closed
Your tweets suck.
Then don't read them
Why has nothing been done about her? If you had done something like that, you would be in jail already.
Or any of us
FOX News Was Refused a News License in the USA! Their  license is under ENTERTAINMENT! 
A LAW SUIT Claims they hv NO obligation to tell the TRUTH in its reporting.
Yet they continue to convince followers w  propaganda daily & they believe it. 
You Are So Sad & Pathetic 
#MAGA
Tell your friends and family about #TheGreatAwakening! Time to hand out these #redpills folks. Great summary to share with all who are curious about the #QAnon phenomenon! #thestorm #maga https://twitter.com/FedupWithSwamp/status/982677761427992576 …
Oh no!!!!!!......lol

U and Sarah are like a piece of cake! Can't figure out who's the funniest!
Sorry Mike, I was working. Got to do that a lot to pay for that "Affordable Care" Obama shoved on US.
It's not the one with lazy eye that lies for a living
What, nofunny tweet about Michelle Obama calling us children and potus an irresponsible parent? 
Is that what you and your friends say to little girls? Or is it little boys? Dirty Republicans.
Why do you still call yourself Governor? You no longer have any credibility nor does your lying daughter. Please piss off.
STFU Huckabee.  The people we give sanctuary to are better Christians than you are, I guarantee It.  Keep yours & Trump’s noses out of our business.  Tell Sarah to tell the truth
- FOR SURE
I suppose in your own crude, obnoxious way, you were trying to be funny.
Fake news ????????? Why???????
But today's my birthday...
Boycotting the correspondence dinner!Hopeful everyone will too!
I used to have a great deal of respect for you......that is long gone. if Christ himself told you to stop this party rhetoric you would tell him to read the Bible....sad

Way to go! Love what you said. Love the WH Press Secretary too! Thank you for what you do and for setting an example of how a politician who loves his country acts!

Awesome!! Will do!!
Hilarious!  You are so funny!
DON'T FOR GET CUOMO IN NY. He said State Police will not cooperate with ICE and will not turn over illegal immigrants. He's angry with a sheriff for doing so
YouWe all know how Oakland, CA, Mayor @LibbySchaaf has, as seems to be the case, gotten away with a Felony by "thumbing her nose up atFederal Law" byAlerting the Illegal Aliens that ICE is coming! She's a Democrat that's how! Why are Dems Above theLaw?! She should be in Jail now!
Amen!! ha ha.
But the frosting is the best part. So sad now.
Mueller was looking for collusion and he found it in the last administration, but looks strange that none of their have been indicted.  Why?  We are watching his actions as partisan.
Mueller was not even appointed until Trump came to power with the help of enemy agents  from Russia. Don't you people watch Fox News?  It is true that if you keep repeating the same lies over and over you will begin to believe them.  Sad!!
Is that how you punished your son when he killed that dog? Who am I kidding, you didn’t punish him at all
When you talk on a real network I’ll tune in.
Why isn’t McCabe and Comey not under arrest for obstruction?! And Hillary and lawyers destroying evidence?
Love you on fox and on TBN. Really enjoyed Mike,the My Pillow gut,on last week's show. WHAT A TESTIMONY! GOD IS GOOD!
The pillow gut?  Lol
Does your dog-killing son get frosting on his cake?
No, but he has gotten the head of the state police fired for wanting to investigste the torture, hanging, and throat slashing of the dog. It was David's bestest birthday ever!
Your poor family and grandchildren.
I crapped my pants again Dad.
I watched!  So, Two scoops of icing for Me!
I want a pie from Sarah.  Birthday is in June.  Plenty of notice. DM  me.
Maybe but there is work to wrap up in DC
Love you governor , but we are being challenged on a daily basis as to our being a country of laws. Look at California. Governor Brown thumps his nose at federal law and talks about nullification. These were issues that divided the states before the Civil War
It's almost painfully unfunny
Watch all the time!
Excellent suggestion
I diss agree. He’s investing the worst possible type of treason and you want him nosing into California state law? Trump  Huck
.@ChipHinkleman nice one with the frosting joke, classic
I want a dog shaped cake, but not one that was beaten to death.
 No frosting on my birthday cheesecake? What I would prefer to see is the application in the full of the Rule of Law. Either we are a nation of laws or we have ceased to be a nation and have become a collection of fiefdoms.
Now he's thinking about uninviting you from his birthday party.
No thanks. I've already had my fill of propoganda from the internet deplorables
Gov. You’re exactly right about time someone said what about the cost of our citizens lives. So what is 1 life worth. I say get those troops down there ASAP protect the border and build the wall
Or, you could just go f*ck yourself. I vote that you go f*ck yourself.
What a sick evil u r
What would Mueller find out about Trump there? I don't think you know what the point of this investigation is bud.
Do you STILL think the Russians are coming and the sky is falling.  Lol lol
Not coherent Mike ... keep trying ... it’s fun and sad to watch you try though
Good one Mike!!  Follow the money.  If its from Soros another corrupt politician is created.  Deal with the devil needs to be repaid.
Careful these posts trigger the algorithm enabling bots
Watched you yesterday as #OneLuckyGuy thoroughly enjoyed it.
.@GovMikeHuckabee is so dumb he stood on a chair to raise his IQ.
How are those tariffs working out for the people in your state?
Mike, DJT here.  Did your son ever get out of that dog torture jam he was in?  I might be able to pardon him, give me a call.
Oh I think Mueller is just fine looking into his current target

FFS Chip !!!
Buy a joke book and steal one from it. 
Zzzzzzzz
Chip got fired by Huckabee.  The humor still sucks
Really ?!
Wow...and I thought the jokes were bad in the first place.
Thanks for the heads up 
