On “More authenticity at a wax museum than there is this dinners" #WHCD reminded of this former employer of mine whom would not invited me to its annual Gala Celebration #Pretextual #Retaliation; as written on my #PersonalDiary #Memoir of a #Filling #Pharmaceutical #QAQC. Read on


MAGA = Thin skinned hypocritical cowards. We remember everything you have done. See you in November. #ExGOP #CountryOverParty
dam good @GovMikeHuckabee
...yeah, your daughter was there

Oh yea, I was so offended when Wolf's comment about Carly Fiorina (a Republican)..."Look at her, who would vote for a face like that!"...oh wait...who said that?

Granted Sarah is a beautiful person, who she represents for is another thing...
HELLO...your all hypocrites by that!
How dare that "dim wit" insult my favorite person intellectual, remarkable, beautiful, Sarah Sanders Huckabee.

Rich quote comin from a  who traded his soul to the #OrangeMessiah for a job for his daughter. He clearly forgot Commandment 1: "Thou shalt have no other gods before me" this includes orange skinned false prophets. Enjoy an eternity in hell for earthly riches @GovMikeHuckabee
Gosh i just love america going down the drain again.. Tricky dicky tried and now trump dumpy. How bout a trumpy bear to help you all sleepy. He is making millions off of you being blinded by his false teeth and baldness. Have fun americana
At least we are not going down the drain as fast as we would have if Hillary had won the election.
Hillary would have stopoed rac
E hatred she would have stopoed russia frankly she would have stop gender discrimnation.. And taught america to love
I think they need to move it over to Comet Pizza...Pretty sure they would feel much more comfortable over there. Especially, the abortion "jokes". Fit right in! AND....they PAY!
I agree! Madame Tussaud's wax figure of Trump is completely authentic. It has the same IQ and humanity as Trump: zero.

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
“What I mean is, how do you reconcile your supposed faith in Jesus of Nazareth, with your current position as a mouthpiece for this morally malignant President?”

Pastor John Pavlovitz
There is? Than why go? Or send your kid? @PressSec
It was so uncomfortable to watch.  If you noticed a lot of the people, who adhere to morals weren't laughing.  You could see them squirming in their seats.  Although they may never admit it they were appalled.  My mom always said theres a special place in hell for laughers.
your mom must've hated life

#truthhurts
it's satire, Mike...repeat after me...S-A-T-I-R-E

America and pretty much the rest of the world “There's more authenticity at a wax museum than there is in the current White House” #TrumpCircus #TrumpSwamp #Resist #TheResistance #TrumpLies #BlueWave2018
You pompous, hypocritical 
Snowflake
Like you never laughed at a joke about HRC or Michelle Obama, or any bad joke told at one of those events in the past. Hypocrite!
so funny to watch all these friggin snowflakes get triggered by a comedian





Awwe huck&judge are just butt hurt because they weren't invited.
What he meant in fact was ... “Than there is in my daughter @PressSec “ 
SARAH YOU ARE THE BEST Governor you raised a great smart classy lady !! God bless you all ... and  VIVA POTUS  D J TRUMP !!! MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN all the way To 2024 !!!!!
True, and tell your daughter, I think she looked absolutely lovely!


There's less overt fascism on display in archival footage of a Mussolini speech than there is at any of these Trump rallies.
Was WHCD not a safe space for you, snowflake? Thought GOP was anti-PC. (But it was just locker room talk, right?) #RepublicanHypocrisy

Gross people hang around each other.
Michelle Wolf Was Over The Top, Vulgar and Demeaning but So is Donald Trump...One Can Not Hold Michelle Wolf to a Higher Standard than Trump...Pardon me, One Can But One Would be Hypocritical
I have watched the family and huckabee and judge Judy and president Trump they're true leaders and Christians.  So sad to see there are    so many evil people in this world.  I pray for all the lost souls.
Its on the same plane as the Oscars, Emmys etc. Just another good ole boys back patting fest.  No one cares except them.
Do you need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough now? You guys dish it out all the time but you can't take it.
Mr. President, give this man a job In your cabinet!. He's great!.

You weren't invited huh..?? 

Last night TRUMP called desperate and traumatized women and children  PATHETIC.  @PressSec   works for an UNNECESSARILY  CRUEL MAN and defends and lies for him  daily.  Your daughter works for and lies for the biggest bully of all.   Live with your place in history!
So true
So true!
Then why did your daughter go @GovMikeHuckabee ?
I think the POTUS got it right when he said DC is a wicked nasty place. WE love you @PressSec S.Sanders!!
.
This classless D rated joker has gived the GOP a huge present
.
Oh they were authentic. Authentically classless and nasty.
twitter or facebook???  Hmmmm    which one does not delete our support of Trump?!
thats  why I ignor them.!
Blah blah blah  so you’re lying daughter gets called out for her bad job performance?  It happened when you sell your soul to the devil......
Yes Mike I would love to see you ,your family, @JudgeJeanine covered in wax then take you all out to the range where they test missiles and rid the planet of your kind.
What happened to being proud to be American, what happened to being a unified country against the world.  This is not comedy to vilify our president and his supporters. I am so done with these pathetic people....
Yr daughter deserved it
Why waste money on them then?
Lmfao your daughter is a big girl literaly she will bounce back probably off her belly
The more successful this administration is, the more the other side bashes. Thus, things must be going spectactularly!
Poor baby. Whaaaaaaa.   Can dish it out but then turn into a snowflake when the tables are turned. SNOWFLAKES!!! Tomorrow you'll  be praising Trump for something horrendous he said, and then blame the people who are offended, telling them to toughen up. Its what you do. Prepare.
Better than a TRUMP rally _ it's getting old _ VERY OLD RHETORIC he uses , Just insults and false accusations not becoming of a president _ then of course he has an excuse he's just a failed businessman waddling in the SWAMP he Hires .

Thanks for tribute to the new Museum in the south for the African American lynchings
... Said an appalling old waxwork to another appalling old waxwork.
Mike, you helped Trump usher in this ‘anything goes, no more political correctness’ era.  Spare us your phony outrage now.
Civility has all but disappeared. You don’t have to go any further than Donald J Trump to see where the road began. Mike, please speak with him and help him become presidential, or get him to resign. The world will be a better place with either outcome.

Relax Mike, it’s just locker room talk.
that's why POTUS Trump didn't attend
Killin me Huck!! 
I commented on one of the videos on U Tube, that Trump should cancel the dinners for the remainder of his presidency. They cry if they are ignored but fail to see how those types of remarks are rude and cruel. 1 angry Canadian.
#FakeSnowFlakes 
Brought to you from the folks who called bragging about sexual assault, "Locker Room Talk"
Saying something isn’t assault.
What were your sermons like?
Thoughts and prayers.
so damn easy
L. Patrick Gray a role model??
You both stand before the poorest people and lie
 someone who stands for the people of this country your such liars Fox and that dumb ass on Fox business  someone take those station off the air spreading Russian propaganda what happened to democracy the world is not a business
Awww here is hypocrite Mikie who just complained his spawn was roasted at a roast .. bullying the press as his spawn does daily and then he complains about it.. Hypocrite- shame on @tbn for giving evil a voice
If you're upset about anything Michelle Wolf said before "Flint still doesnt have clean water," then you're upset about the wrong thing. #WHCD
The funny thing is that these democrats say whatever they want and for them it's cool, but if anybody said boo about @BarackObama that person was labored a racist, double standards at its best.
#MAGA  #hillaryforprison
The liberals know they're dust, the only thing they have left to do is to be nasty and nasty they are. This wanna be comedian talking about looks, nothing attractive about her, the wanna be comedian
#MAGA
There's more authenticity at a wax museum than there is in the White House.
Love it! Truth always stands out!
Really Hucky ? Only shit comes out of your mouth n the lower than sewer turds at Fox
IT's nothing more than a 'Yuk Fest' at anyone's expense but their own.  Why is there a White House Press Corp anyway?  Why daily briefings?  No more than weekly would be fine.  Other news can be pushed out in writing, via email.  Why keep feeding stray dogs every day?
That wax museum shows more christianity than your whole family.
Perfect description and as it turns out, prophetic. You are a wise man!
Why does ANY republican attend?!  Time to stand up to them and NOT them them bully the RNC
Was not aware Jesus came down from the heavens to give you moral authority.  But while you are at it maybe your time would be better spent consoling @FLOTUS from her anything but Christian adulterous husband @POTUS
The left's hate is so revealing . Unhinged is putting it mildly.
You left out the part where Huckabee pretends he’s a Christian. Now to the important stuff:

How much money will @seanhannity make from this story? What is Fox’s cut?
#RestoreFairnessDoctrine
I hate ?% of the media. One station makes the political portion of news worth watching.
You misspelled #lugenpresse
Democrats are nazi’s
Nah, pretty sure we witnessed first hand who Nazis vote for in this country.  Out in the open, and in broad daylight.
Fascism a warning. Must read
by Madeline Albright
Great history  will it repeat itself?
Pay attention please!
yet YOU support a @potus who has no respect for 1A, constantly bullies and is full of bigoted hate speech. Not to mention immoral, disgusting comments about and actions against women. You sir, are a hypocrite. Christianity at its worse
Couldn't agree more! Raise your hand if you'd actually prefer a wax figure @POTUS over a reality-tv dinosaur.
--
Fun times. She won't talk about Putin because the liberal media might orgasm.  Wouldn't this comment be a better use of your time?
We love your daughter!
Love it. I can use it in my next book. What a statement!
If they are funded by tax payers then cancel them all. Save us money
Spanky had to go to his safe place. #WorstPresidentEver
Fake Awards, Fake Speeches, Fake Reporters, Fake Comedians They Should Change The Name “Fake Correspondents Fake Story Awards Show” Hope We Don’t Show For The Next 6 Years!
LoL
If you had a real and competent Republican President with any substance to back his adjective laden empty rhetoric this event would be much easier for you all.
Tells farmers don't worry about losing Mexican illegal workers.  He will bring in "guest workers."  Hahaha.   Pedro says...Don't worry about a wall Homes...Trump gonna let us inas "guests."   I mean talk about being conned.

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
The propaganda by the media is responsible for the lefts action of violence and lack of morals as most are sheep that follow mindlessly...Let's first talk about the abortions and the lefts real feelings towards children or helping the less privileged...
I had the same thought watching Trump’s campaign rally.
When there’s a war on the free press, do you expect it to go unchallenged?  I would give up on America if it were.
Yes I agree... those idiots last night off to be ashamed of themselves for attacking Sarah that way
I used to watch @HouseofCards thinking WOW!! What an exaggeration of back stabbing and depravity , NOW I KNOW @BeauWillimon was right  #Media #Congress 
Last night Trump insulted a whole Nation and I don’t see you standing up for America
The left still crys about the Russians even tho every day shows more collusion between Clinton her foundation Obama Loretta Lynch
And more brains in one wax figure than in your entire bloodline.
It's not news anymore, just bias propaganda like the Nazis in Germany. They feed the hate and never report what really matters. If it can't be proven, don't print it. Opions don't matter. MAGA

Mike needs a new joke-writer. Don't be like Mike.
The Correspondents Dinner was nasty, vulgar, classless and tasteless! The mean spirited attack’s on the Press Secretary and others was beyond the pale! @PressSec @VP @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson @ShannonBream @McConnellPress @Scaramucci
Simmer down Mike Huckerbee. You are not adding value to the Political divide because you are tone deaf and blinded by your personal and economic familial relationship with Trump. Sarah Huckerbee Saunders.
You’re right. Especially if you’re talking about that lovely new ‘dummy’ of Trump. And your daughter Sarah, who looked like her face was melting at the dinner.
Call it what it was Governor the “Swamp Dinner”...what a bunch of sick vile leftist. And they still can’t figure out how Trump won.
I guess that means he was specifically going after Fox News; because your organization spews more of it than all the rest put together
Meanwhile your son is still a piece of dung criminal, Mike.
As we all saw.
Was uncomfortable watching Michelle Wolf on my IPhone in bed.  Why would anybody want to be part of that?  Civility and compassion were checked at the door.
HE IS A ORANGE EMPTY BARRELL, 5 TIME DRAFT DODGER, HEAD UP PUTIN'S BUTT, HATES COPS, FREE PRESS, FREE ENTERRISE, LIES 2,000 TIMES A YEAR, SPANKED BY STORMY WHILE WIFE HAS THEIR CHILD, NO CLEAN WATER IN FLINT, PERUTO RICO A MESS, US CITIZENS......GOOD JOB
Just jealous he wasn’t invited
You praised Whoopie on your show this weekend. Are you trying to get them to stop bashing your daughter by appeasing them? That never works governor,  haven’t you learned anything from Trump? The behavior at this dinner is taught well on The View!
The view is a disgusting program. Why watch it?
If you side with the media on this. You are the problem.
It just depends on what news you are watching and listening to. Sounds to me your listening to the wrong one.
Poor baby
@SSGDJDaily @GovMikeHuckabee lol that's brilliant & You can't #TRUMP THAT! Original #MAGA Video
So sorry @PressSec but your stronger, better, & more beautiful than anyone or thing in that B.S MSM feeding frenzy “ WHCD”! #SoPetty @TheDailyShow 

My wife & I think you’re the ’s meow @POTUS & C.o

Have a blessed day @realDonaldTrump 2020
Against the hateful & obviously very jealous MSM... #BL

Vote @realDonaldTrump & C.o 

GB All...  Even the evil @HouseDemocrats
The whitehouse press dinner shows what the liberal press is all about. In the 2 hours of the dinner, they don't have 15 minutes that can be shown in prime time without a warnings for kids. Is this a responsible press?
Must’ve been hard to watch. Poor little propaganda TV snowflake.
The rubber chicken dinner was the most authentic thing there.

Specially when you prefer the company of dummies.
I just watched clip of most ugly & vile woman stand & insult your precious daughter. I’m sickened by it! Daily ‘press’ briefings need 2be shut down. She can email 2the fake press. Don’t let her or President Trump’s staff be near that evilness! They’re not worthy 2be near WH!
You are outside, looking in...no to at the table for cowards.
@GovMikeHuckabee you must be very proud of your daughter and satisfied for the job you did raising her...

Look on the bright side.....nobody brought up the dog-killing incident.
Shunned again ex-governor ? Left off the A-list and B-list again. Such a phony. One time you purported to be religious, that proved not to be true. Now you mock the “dinner”. Why do “you” people think you have to alibi , lie for and cover for Trump ? Seriously ?
Just like your non authentic daughter!!! If she was wax tonight she would have wished she would melt!!!
Huck didn’t get an invite huh?
Well-said!
You know since Don campaigned this lot tried to take him down like vultures circling to feast on the carcass this is no normal president he will not crawl to them like other potus instead they need him for he is the generator for there twisted fake disinformation there income!
