For retirement purposes won't they have to carbon date her?
sorry mike trump and gop just sent us to war with Syria to defend isis and kill Christians-I'm officially done with trump and gop now!
oh and genocide of white people still happening in south Africa and trump can't even give that a tweet? wth? but isis gas's it's own and bam ww3? nope not cool
putin has never ever been taken down,russia has never ever lost a war, our military is full of condom snorting millinials and our president is being taken down by an old ass buck tooth porn star- I'm not liking these odds
CNN is Failing, FAKE news with low ratings, so That means that PAUL RYAN is here to stay, lifetime appointment!! Suchly bigly winning! #TrumpTrain #WooWoo #MAGA
Not sure she will be alive still but can guarantee she will still be voting.
You are scum, but think you're holy. You think you're "saved," but you don't follow Christ's teachings at all. Since you think being saved will send you to heaven, just know the best you can hope to do is get one of the cheap seats in the nosebleed section.
Looks like You need 'saving' yourself.
You apparently tweet like you eat - poorly and too often.
Well Pelosi was more effective than Ryan . . .
Is that why she lost the house so many times 
Only once. And as I recall, she passed more bills benefiting America than Ryan did.
Which ones... None this Vet has ever seen
Well you do support trump so that's one strike against your intellect.
Laughed out loud on the subway I did.
I pray she will be gone much sooner
10 to 1 odds pelosi does not last that long... she's already having three conversations at once...
Anyone know what that translates to in terms of face lifts, Botox injections, and whiskey bottles?
HAHAHAHAHAHA!   Good one!
SHUT UP STUPID OLD MAN!!!

Need to include @SenateMajLdr also...
Wooohoooo.
If so she will fly away on her broom !  #SpaceMt.
Ha Ha ... Bernie Pelosi...Ha
Time to celebrate, one less non objective leftist lamebrain leader to deal with,  Bye Nancy, the sooner the better off America will be, Amen!
I wonder if those four C batteries will hold out that long?
Can she hold office after she dies?  WAIT, she already does!
You’re too funny Governor! A 112 year old congresswoman. If you think she’s a hoot now just wait til 2038!
They'll do the liberal thing and wheel her in and out in a wheelchair or on a gurney to press her finger on the NO button until there is a dem pres again in .......well, never if we're lucky.
Haha, lmao.  She won't last past this year.
She is going to drop dead in Washington ! She is not going to leave ! She is the Nightmare that never ends !
I hate to keep repeating myself, but I find that I have to keep using the phrase “basic human decency” over and over. Maybe I need to write a primer for celebs, politicians, to remind them of things, like the Golden Rule.
Hehe.. she thinks it’s 2038 now!
..... You got me, you rotten rotter!!!
Honestly My heart skipped a beat before I had reached the very end. ROTTER!!!
What about you? Can I nominate you 4 Speaker of the House? You would make a great Speaker.
Lol
As a rusted out android.
You make me smile every day
If only I could believe that.
I wonder if there’s an alternate universe where you are funny. Probably not.
@PressSec
Wanna shout Hurray! But for the fact her antics, next to Hillary, she’s been the best Anti-Dem poster Ever
Seriously, are you 6?  or just not funny?
GLORY HALLELUJAH! Thanks be to Almighty God!
You’re so terrified. The blue wave is going to wash away all the conservative swamp monsters that are left in November. God, I feel so good right now. Next, Mitch McConnell.
Hey "Huck"! Isn't it enough that you've inflicted your spawn on the world? Do you have to share your "humor"?
I mean, yeah, this material must _kill down at the Cracker Barrel, but beyond your local penumbra of doltishness, it's funny like an ass boil.
You want to stay relevant, so you are desperate  understandable.
Hollow words from a hollow man
That isn't soon enough.
@NancyPelosi needs to step aside now!!!! I don't think America can stomach 20 more years of he bs
Pelosi needs to be gone yesterday
Hallelujah!!! My day is made!!
2038? It needs to happen today in 2018! Pelosi we do NOT need you!
Maybe she'll step down by then...about 6 ft.
Amen!!! Best news of the day!!!
41 Republicans leaving congress. Explain.
Awesome news Pelosi and Ryan stepping down
Governor,  you're a good man! God's hand of favor is all over you!
Shitass remarks always come from the evangelical's.Trump Guilt maybe?
Seriously! What is going on on the hill? ONLY the LORD can do these things.
It’s the behavior of morons such as yourself and the Dotard in the WH that is responsible for the resignations in Washington. It’s the end of the GOP. Own it.

That  is if the old bat @RepPelosi12 is still alive
Sarah got a face lift
That would make Pelosi 150 years old then.
2038? That will put her at 238 years of age. 

Lol Govenor!
at 160 years old?
At least she has an elected office where’s your

You never have and never will hold any elected office in Washington. As you so desperately crave
Life expectancy tables indicate Pelosi will not last that long. Pelosi and Ruth Bader Ginsberg will leave at the same time and for the same reason, old age.
Racist mocking a black woman

when are you stepping away ... from society you piece of waste. Oh, and bring your daughter too...she needs step away from lying. #awfulfamily
2038? Not sure the hag will live that long!
Pelosi? So whens the low IQ Maxine stepping down? Better yet, when does she stop sucking up our tax dollars?

Great we are getting rid of a Rino and a Dinosaur.
Man icing on the cake it’s a great day in America
Wait she is old as dirt she want live that long cancel the celebration
Love it!
Why are you still watching Fake News! Stop like the rest of us!
2038???  I’m 55 and pray I don’t live that long.
 Not until the grass at the border is mowed by her illegal alien slaves obviously.
We could only hope Nanny P would retire along with Shedding Tears Schumer, Mad Maxine, Goofy Greene,  Frail Feinstein, Shifty Schiff, Dishonest Debbie W, No Clue Nelson, any many other looney leftist! #byebyeDemocrats
Clearly not soon enough!
http://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwhotv.com%2F2018%2F03%2F22%2Flotto-winner-who-molested-granddaughter-is-sued-by-victims-mother%2F&h=ATPxpmrv19y63qJ3wRaeqjP0KrHuMi8hNM5IF7-fxT0HqoxEUVmedjTjnz9_2NadUcadVFpepS8HCOimuxQtdZjzF0a3riX7srCM6XsQP3Gkkx0&s=1 …
2038 Are you kidding me, She'll be 97 years old by then, She bearly has her wits about her now, What makes her think she'll be re-elected let alone alive by then, Has she really made a deal with the DEVIL?
I really hope she does!!
Celebrating when Trump Resigns and Little Huck goes with him! NO MORE LIES!
This tweet is hilarious.
Maybe she will EXPIRE soon
Still making snide comments about elderly women? You really need to get a life other than the one you're wasting.
That’s actually funny...
Do you ever just think instead of choosing you God chose a 3 time married 5 kids with three different women lying thief for President? Do you? Just asking for a friend.

Buh Bye
By then you won't be here and your daughter's eyes will still be crooked as fuck 
She’ll be brain dead more then !
NANCY needs to leave now
Seriously? In 2038 she'll only be 120 years old.
Hahahahahahahahahah
Now you raised my hopes ever so briefly about Pelosi only to dash them with the year!!! Bummer. I guess we couldn’t talk anyone into taking her with them???
Woo hoo 
Ha!
YOU SURE it wasn't1938 SIR.
That’s is definitely GREAT news!!!!
Hopefully she will be gone in November! #NoDemosInNovember
Yes!
By 2038, Nancy Pelosi will be 98 years old. In that case, after 8 years, Trump will run for Senator. Even if they impeach Trump, he will run for Senate and still be around to irritate everyone. @TrumpSuperPAC Trump tweet will still run America for another 25 years.
Whoa lady.  Someone explain to her that she would be about 98 by that time.
She should be well preserved by then
Hallelujah .
Gonna be a LOOOOONG 20 years, LOL
#TermLimits

Why so long....???
LMBO@2038 .... meaning she will go to her grave before she steps down. 
What ate you babbling about?
Oh thank God, two Trump haters leaving the senate!
AMEN
Why are you so bad at this?
Here, try this forum instead:
I’m going to contact TBN.  I watch it constantly.  Your response was very immature.
As a believer, I find this extremely offensive and disappointing.  Maybe when the evangelicals meet with trump, you should be there as well.
The devil demons don't go away Gov. Huckabee they just go to private destruction.
You continue to prove that your soul is hollow. There is a absolutely NOTHING Christian about you. Pure racist scum.
Stupid joke, Can't wait for you to go away and stop hurting kids/women/poor/sick... But great job Mike, when it comes to giving trillions to the top 1%, and tax breaks for the ultra rich. I'll be getting $800 for 2 years, after that it ends. Thanks for nothing prick.
Please get a grip
No, she'll be embalmed in 2028 and continue in perpetuity
Waxworks are only good for so long before they have to be replaced

We have to wait 20 years?!?!
@seanhannity @JudgeJeanine @TuckerCarlson @JesseBWatters Shit still spewing from FoxRt talking assholes. Talking assholes Huckabee,Hannity,Pirro,Carlson,Watters promise to tell the truth at least .05% of the time. other 99.5% they will be kissing trump’s ass
Coming from a Liberal asshole
YAY!!! The first of many that should go! They haven’t done anything for the citizens BUT they did enrich themselves. So, are the “established” getting out and stalling the FOIA requests so they can keep all amassed?
She is Wacko
Love you Gov Huckabee, but let's hope she doesn't last that long.
You truly make me laugh every day.
Huck.  You gotta quit breaking wind.    It stinks
She's taking a early retirement
Will have to take leader mantle out of her cold dead hands. After death will haunt the Democrat Chamber.
Fake Christian, fake comedian, fake politician. That's probably why you're bad at everything.
Fake Frank
Step aside ? Or step 6 ft in
Minnesodah here.  Way Out West we support you and yours! The western part of Minnesota should not have anything to do with the metropolitan area.
She will not be re-elected by God's grace

NEVER vote for an incumbent NEVER

Governor, this tweet carries a lot of venom in it. What's your story? I'm sorry, I don't know you; it just seems like you could use a friend. I'm here for you.
SHE WON'T EVEN BE ALIVE IN 2038!!!
We can only hope she doesn't last that long.
Dems never retire they stay for life. We need #TermLimitsforCongress 8 yr n House, 2 terms n Senate is enough.
The only wind breaking comes from your lying daughter. You must be so proud
Had my hopes up for a second, 2038, SMH, #NotFunny
I think 976 is the mandatory retirement age. So 2038 sounds about right. Lmfao.
Lolol
God is Great.
She might be pickled by then. 
2038??
2038!! Was that sarcasm?
Can you really believe that ?? I bet as that time approaches she will find a reason to stay on, after all with out insider information how will they make money ??? O maybe start the 2300 page foundation , if you donate you can get your name in the book!
She won’t make it to 2038 have you seen her looks of late and let’s face it she is losing her ever lovin mind with Trump.

Making fun of Jesus I see. You see this is why we don't need fakes in schools like Huckabee. People who are hateful,blasphemous and distort the words of Jesus.
You are so childish. And mean.
Need to find yourself a safe space there snowflake?
When the elmbalming is completed?
Hallelujah!!!
How old will she be 150????
LOL, if she is still around in 2028, I will be in a state of shock.
That makes her how old Gov. think it’s time to go NOW actually. YESTERDAY
If she lives that long! @dbongino @ericbolling @LouDobbs @DiamondandSilk @seanhannity

Rumor says you are going to volunteer to go into the old age home also
Liberals don't like giving up power.
Hahahaha
Stop your whining!
The thought of a 98 year old Nancy still in Congress gets me wet
Lol
Oh, Huckabee, you won't have to worry about anything by then.
Thank you Jesus
I thought we wanted Nancy to stay!
Hilarious
DM me
She will fall down before she steps down.
You need to be worried about your daughter.   Trump folk don’t last long.
Coming from a guy who craps from the mouth and talks out of his butt.
Not soon enough for me, but then again, she makes Democrats look horrible, sooo she can stay 
And she'll be 140 yo

Thinking about the verbal stumbles Pelosi would make in 2038. Yikes!
That made me feel all good inside
You desperately need @ChipHinkleman back
Lol!
She needs to go now !
Going to be "Weekend at Nancy's" by then...
That's 4 years before Ruth Vader Ginsberg.
Just think
That’s a good trade
You are a funny man. Love ya man!

oh god Gov, silly boy LMAO!! FYI I do not beliong to any party I look at who the best for America but I did vote for you best part about you Is your love for our father Jesus Christ he saves everyone from sin and well shit lol
Your son murdered a puppy.

