Zuckerberg is wayyyyy too Left wing and the people he hires are the same I'm sure. It would be time the sane, the rational and yes, the conservatives had a place to go where Free Speech was still respected. And that is why I left Facebook.
I don’t think everyone’s site had that. It would just take a few liberal trolls to get someone’s site kicked off for hate speech.
Facebook is going to end up obsolete.
My Space II
The geeks are trying to see Irobot Hunger games and all sci-fi movies come to fruition today! I don't play with the IG bcse MZ  owns it and fuck facebook it's a stupid distraction from real life things   like what happened in the election of the most idiotic president in history
Mark Zuckerberg is a Republican he donated millions of dollars to the Republican party funny how a master coder didn't know Russia was interfering in our election u would think right wing extremists would have been all over that !
yes mike.. he is that stupid...remember he only finished college.. and stole the idea from his roomate
It would appear that now Facebook wants to censor free speech by letting libs decide what hate speech is, & it is already a nebulous & amorphous conception. Bye, bye Fakebook, oops Facebook. Suckyberg is cutting his own throat. YEAH!
Why does everyone continue on Facebook?
Because we're brain dead. 
Lol.  I hope not. 
I have been in FB jail for  while because I posted something that DIDN'T  meet their standards..
Imagine that, what standards?? I'm not a liberal.
#zukerberg #censorship
I've never had an account in Facebook .
You're getting the picture....it's an insidious mindset against not only the Constitution but anything right and true. It's pure evil at it's source.
Do you seriously think that a reasonable way to identify stories containing “hate speech” is to let the general public vote on it?    

People are offended by absolutely everything, from a teenager’s Chinese-patterned prom dress to Apu from “The Simpsons”?   —— Mike Huckabee
disconnect from Fakebook. it's not worth it.
When is someone (a conservative) going to open up a social media platform we can use without being censored? So we can delete #FaceBook and #Twitter
Sickening
We need a replacement for FB, ....and FBI
If Steve Jobs invented the "Terminator " Mark Zuckerberg is the terminator!
I saw that on Facebook yesterday. That vote button was on many, many posts. I couldn't believe it! Letting the public decide will kill conservative speech.....oh yeah....THAT is what they want!
FB is opening a can of worms with this one. They'll regret it because leftists will flag everything conservatives post. No doubt about it.
The actual button should say I hate FB --- just saying
True story: Mike Huckabee is a purveyor of hate speech. He promotes division within the nation by attacking citizens for their political views.
Facebook needs to get it’s act together. That is ludicrous!
Ridiculous just like Facebook!
Zuckerberg has no idea what is company is doing, the technology is over his head and routes are making the decisions
There's an old expression you might want to learn. Not sure how it goes exactly but it has something to do with "heat" and "kitchens" and "getting out." Google it.
Maybe we should apply that same saying to people who march in the streets wearing pink hats, people who have protests over speakers they don't like and all the losers who still cry about Trump winning. Can't handle It? Get out.
Time to get off FB.  Zuckerburg has too much power and he knows it. He had no intentions of changing his ways , just tactics, and this is one in the making
I'm still waiting on the thumbs-down feature on @Twitter.  Es que Facebook?
True story: Huckabee's web guy.
Exactly. Every post by every friend has that question below it.  Ridiculous.
It doens't matter what they do now. They have made FB impossible to deal with. Exampl: All my children & grandchildren work, have a life. We don't talk everyday on FB. FB has made it so they disapear off of each page because no one has commented on their posts! We are Gone!
BOYCOTT. FAKEBOOK!!!!
#TheStormisHere #Facebook #freedom .@realDonaldTrump  #GreatAwakening #WWG1WGA #TrustThePlan  #MAGA #KAG2020 #IBOR #Qanon
Had you bothered to look further, you would've discovered that Facebook also asked that question of magazine posts, sponsored posts, recipes, and more. It asked of videos, political posts, and cat pictures. Not dogs, though. Your son took care of that.
I deleted my Facebook today! Done with it!
My head didn’t explode but my ass did
My husband nor I have a Facebook acct. How many accounts under 1 name can be created? This is not a good idea to use Facebook for hate speeches. Mark better get his act together
HUCK: Facebook’s doing more COVERING UP than an Afghan widow at a pool party! [holds for laughter]

HUCK’S WEB GUY:
This guy may be rich but certainly lacks something very important, common sense.
While you're right, Gov, Facebook's staff is a microcosm of those perpetually offended losers.
Who uses Facebook anymore. Gross.
I guess threatening me my cats my mom and saying im going to be forced to eat human fecal matter for 3 days and then murdered and shot with a pellet gun that already happened the pellet hit my thumb as i was walking the others are threats are not hate speech i suppose
Gov.  Huckabee asks Facebook - "Are you out of your ever-loving minds?!!” 
Your web guy?  Do you even know what that means?
Wow just wow!

Liar.
Deep thinker.
