I wouldn't watch that garbage even if Trump paid me $130,000!
If “ right wing nut jobs get blocked..? “ why you playing in are yard and not up on the porch where you should be ..?
Your spelling is irresponsible 
You focus on that and I’ll focus on are country sir 
Sure sure.  I can see you're focused on the fox fakes. 
Good job.  Bye
Is this better.  For eight years you sat back and let Obama destroy “ our “ country...   thanks for the spelling help. That feels much better 
That's just your opinion and it's irrelevant.
Awe. But your opinion does .. this is why I can’t understand your views. If only one time a intelligent conversation. But you worry about one spelling error... you see I’d be open to a conversation without attacking
I watched but didn’t see!! What was in the box Governor 

You are awesome Governor loved by many.
Newty, ask him if his Seth Rich conspiracy has been resolved.
Trumps d#ck in your mouth?#JesusIsWatching
I am ashamed of you and what you are doing to our country.   Stop acting like a Christian because you are the devil for serving Trump.   So sad and pathetic to witness.
Is it your soul, Fake Jesus Lover?
Shame on you for your post. Have nothing nice to say, then say nothing.
There you go again, Gov, making us laugh
Nope. I already know what a turd looks like.
I missed the show  what was in the box ?
Anyone tell me the gift Hannity received from Kimmel??
I just love the block feature. No longer have to see the hate.
Liberals need to know about the Clintons and the Obama cartels. First hand knowledge and lessons in world history knowledge, would turn them into conservatives.
If it was only that simple. To much brainwashing for too many years.
Demacrats have lost there minds,they have gone MAD
No one cares
Was it a dead dog from your son?
Loco in Motion
Huckabee must have some very bad secrets he is hiding.
So must his lying daughter and dog hating son.
I wonder what the deep dark secrets could possibly be?
I am sure whatever his secrets are they are backed up a LOT by bible verses.



Jimmer isn't sorry for his behavior. It's hard to be sorry for what you believe is just fine. He "IS" sorry that his ratings are so low. His behavior is so vulgar that it's embarrassing.
What are u Do I g about ur homeless epidemic my friend mother lost her 2 young girls because ur state would not help her with housing u happy about that if u wanna no more please call me at 443 563 0681 my name is amber canter I work for the mayor of Baltimore with homeless
Mike you are great you should be on trumps team in white house
Love Hannity and now with this lure,  won't miss it! Love you too Governor.
Thats nice but i could care less about kimmel its done U CANT unring a bell
No thank you! Hyper-partisan.. garbage!
Kimmel needs testosterone injections. He cries more than a little girl
I’m sorry. No one should have to perform on the Sean Show. Even you.

Deplorable and disgusting, and rude post! Shame on you!

Are you godfather yo trump’s love child?
So many people announcing they are blocking @GovMikeHuckabee. It appears they want to leave a snarky remark but don't want him to be able to reply. All the hate filled remarks are sad.
God I hope it’s a muzzle and a cease and desist order!!!
Hopefully it was a brain. Maybe you and Sean could share it.
You need to grow up, I'm amazed at the immaturity of the manbabys in politics and on Fox.  You are all fn idiots, this is your end!
Gosh that’s scary.
Sorry.  I watch the news, not Fox. Besides,  you and Sean will have plenty of time to catch as you both bathe in the lake of fire.
Huck he is not a laughing matter cause there are lots of young kids that are watching his sick acts on national tv. He should be taken off the air!
I feel the same way about Hannity & everyone on Faux News. Nothing but biased, hate-filled propaganda,  I def wouldn't let kids watch it or anyone in their right mind. 

#foxisnotmews #FauxNews #takehannityoffair
It is honest news. Maybe the truth hurts!
Of course, all leftist have a weird growth on their snorts. Maybe it depicts them truly, don't you agree?
Sounds awesome
So washed up....
Here you go Gov



Two clowns
Who cares
U and your daughter are sick and twisted
A naked rubber chicken
Omgoshh! NOT THAT WILD CONSPIRACY GUY!!!!! (According to CNN) 
Will be watching!

Definitely watching!!!
Wouldn’t miss it.
Maybe Sean will have an apology gift for First Lady Michelle Obama. He certainly owes her one. It’s on tape so don’t say it’s fake news.
Liberalism is a mental disorder
But far less serious than conservative closed-mindedness
Rev. Huckabee,
I hope you aren't LYING about bringing delusional Hannity a present from Jimmy Kimmel.

On second hand, Kimmel has no reason to apologize to the likes of loud-mouth Hannity, who spreads propaganda.
You are bringing the dead dog your son killed?? Lets see that you unfunny idiot.
I wouldn’t trust Jimmy. Did you have that box checked out by the FBI? Oh, not, them. They are on the Democrat’s side. Let the police check that box out first.
C’mon Governor, quit adding fuel to the fire, we don’t need any personal feuds going on! We have more serious situations going on such as Syria, Korea, Iran, Mueller investigation that needs to be addressed not some third rate talk show host insulting the first lady’s accent!
Seriously are ALL Fox Viewers this Disturbed?
Love you #Huck  and your feisty daughter 
Awesome!! We will be watching!!
LolLove you Gov Huckabee
Will watch tonight if I get home in time! I'm intrigued to see what it is!
Jack in a box!!!! Jimmy looks like him. Lol will be watching. Locked on Fox till bout 10 
Oh my word I can't wait for this!!  Why do I have a feeling I'm going to be doing this right here all night long after you deliver this gift? LOL LOL LOL
Ah, yeah.
Must be desperate to have a chud like u on.

Your daughter is a horrible person. A liar.
I’m thinking Snake
A certificate for NJ Diet
Coming from Pervert Kimmel, it's probably one of his old Blowup Dolls..

Do you have anything to do?! I am retired and did all kinds of productive things and when I check in, here you are again! Do you have a job?
Hopes it's integrity. You and Hannity can share.
Will do

So your saying that Jimmy is the bigger man!
Can’t wait. This is bound to be a much needed laugh!!
@GovMikeHuckabee  you are a good guy. I admire you. 
No, just stop.
Whomever told you that you were funny has mislead you .
Will it be an elbow brace and knee pads?  All that stroking of trumps fragile ego must be getting hard on him #TrumpHumping #LapDog
Deplorables!
Will do
Another evening of lying from another lying huckleberry.
Kimmel didn't "poke fun" at Melania's accent -- he bashed every person in  whose 1st language is not English! And his "apology" (NOT to her but to Hannity) was a load of ! With racist, xenophobe "friends" like Kimmel, Guillermo doesn't need enemies! #thursdaythoughts

Gov. Please tell @realDonaldTrump to #LeaveSyriaAlone There is nothing to be gained from war in Syria and everything to lose including 2020. I voted to #DrainTheSwamp  #AmericaFirst & no more senseless wars.
"I can hardly wait" Ronald Reagan quote in western!


Does it tick?
You 2clowns are just as ridiculous as 45 and @FoxNews 
but it is an entertainment only network... go figure 
/2 reality. U, like trump live on conspiracy theories that prevent U from being grounded in reality. That’s a life of delusions I are in. U don’t see trump as he really is. U are a person who tolerates a true liar, adulterous man, has no interest in the people of this REPUBLIC.
And miss Rachel Maddow? Smh, i would never tune into faux news
@SeekTRUTHnHIM
Do two hypocrites on at the same time cancel each other out? I doubt it.
Poisonous chocolate?
Since when is it illegal to go to a judge with a credible assertion about a person who had committed previous criminal activities to obtain a search warrant?There is no reason to make false(read: lies) statements about a reasonable search. You are in trump’s bubble of alternative
You sure you want to keep pushing that kimmell envelope?? How bout an apology to America for your daughter lying to us almost every day!
Can't wait to read tomorrow about what recycled trash joke you will be bringing on to a story that Sean has supposedly moved on from!
Are conservative and liberal media celebrities exemplifying forgiveness and reconciliation? Tune in to find out!
I hope it's crap
You're the worst. Your poor wife. And the years of therapy for those kids.
Can’t wait Governor. Always a pleasure.
Why can't you get on a truthful program?  Lying begets lying.  You're good at it.
Governor with all due respect @jimmykimmel owes  a HUGE apology to our gracious @FLOTUS
Okay!
Most people would rather admit they were on the Mike Huckabee show before admitting they were on Hannity's show!  Hats off!
Dont Do It!   #BiPartisanshipNow #Comey #MAGAByRemovingThisClown #Corruption
Of course you are 
Gee, I'd love to tune in but I'm really busy trying to keep up with Donny boy's latest scandal and "Fux News" doesn't seem to cover those very well. Besides I have to clean the cats litter box so I have to make some choices. (Hey I could box that up and send Sean as an apology)
So we will see. I hipe it's not a dildo to cliche. Isn't that how the Hollywood crowd talk.
It’s empty.
I know it’s empty. 
Stop teasing
THERE YOU GO SIR !!  Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha can’t wait !!!

U know this Kimmell / Hannity thing is over and old news right, Mikey ? ... oh wait ... right, of course u don’t
#CRIMEINPROGRESS Interfering With @FBI investigations is a CRIME
Kimmel?  It's gotta be a sex toy.

Might keep checkin' to see when ur there, but basically tired of hannity repeating same lines over/over and nite after nite. Not much use to have guests since he does all talking and repeats same thing to each guest.
Oh, brother!  Getting in on the gig, he? Pathetic Hucksters strikes again.

Is it.... ? 
He deserves nada
Hope you're bringing the banjo music 
Bet it's something lame like comeys' book.
From Jimmy to Sean gift a photo of Sean and Stormy she gets around on photoshop Sean with smoking jacket like Hugh Hefner nobody buys it but Sean has explaining to do with family
TELL IT
#thegreatawakening #Adrenochrome #TheStormIsHere #PedoGate #PizzaGate #QAnon #releasethevideo #iamnotasheep @realDonaldTrump @POTUS

Anything for ratings, what a circus.
Thx Sean...finally some honest reporting.
dream on
Ghee real news, Fox for the uneducated goobers
LOL....good one!
Bible study night will have to record the show.
Awesome!
Is it @realDonaldTrump's brain?
Will be watching
A Box full of Tide Pods?
You chuds need new material.
#JimmyKimmel
Will you apologize to America on behalf of Hannity due to his cartoonishly over the top show that was aired last night?  Thanks in advance Mike.
Is your daughters teeth in the box
I heard it was Sarah's dick that in the box... you know, dick in a box
Tonight on “who wants to be a conspiracy theorist “
