Today is the #NationalDayOfPrayer. Let’s all join together in praying for our country, our @POTUS, @VP, & all of our political leaders, regardless of their party affiliation. Pray that God would unite their hearts, & they would work together for the good of all America.
Yes 
Pray that Drumpf gets a brain.
Again, what gospels are you guys reading. Doesn't look anything Christian. You even pray leaving out the ones who need it most. Jesus would have named you Judas.
The Lord is my strength and my shield; in Him my heart trusts  Psalm 28
I noticed many that felt the need to come on this tweet to spew their hatred. They have hardened their hearts and have been blinded and deafened to the Truth. It is really sad to see.
Why is this tweet unavailable!
Maybe on this day you can reflect on the fact that your daughter the propaganda minister openly got caught in a lie saying trump didn't know Stormy or pay to keep her quiet.  Maybe lying isn't wrong for evangelical trump worshippers like you but us Christians think it is a sin.
+
Will god forgive you for lying and helping an adulterer.
Sorry.  Most and I mean 90 percent of our politicians are corrupt- money and power drives the federal and state governments.  Not the will of the people - nor the oath they take to uphold the US and State Constitutions.  Bad times.
Hypocrite!

It’s almost like... I dunno... maybe Michelle Wolf was kinda right. https://twitter.com/evanmcmurry/status/992112922364076032 …
AMEN
Y'all are ridiculous. U want to bring church into da govt yet there are sum congressional members tht had affairs or abortions while there is a grabber in chief in the Whitehouse. That must be the Christian way?
I SORRY, BUT I REALLY BELEIVE SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH, FRANKIE, MAY BE A MENTAL PROBLEM?
Good News! Mike Huckabee will burn in Christian Hell for all eternity for his bastardization of Jesus’s teachings for profit & promoting F-ED up ideology.
Yea this two only pray for money
Agreed! It seems like @POTUS has a lot of praying to do!
in Jesus name we pray
Yes, yes, many people pray daily already that Trump will be gone soon. Thank you for recognizing that.
Better 2 pray that what Godcwills is done rather than make the decision for him!
Dear God please help Rev. Mike and Sarah see the light and find there way back to the truth.
If there was a Huckabee-Franklin Graham pres. ticket............
would the country(and the world), not live in freedom, friendship, and prosperity?
Ahhhhh........but Heaven does not want evil to be extinguished.
I wonder why?       .

.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
I saw this tweet from frank and it made me think of the time your son tortured and killed a dog and you used your positon as Governer to cover it up.  Amen.  #amen
@GovMikeHuckabee And let’s pray that your daughter and above named people will find it in their hearts to start telling the truth, bc YOU know in God’s eyes they aren’t.
You better pray for your lying president. Better now before donny goes to jaol.

Amen Brothers & Sisters Amen
God Bless America!!!
Let's pray that Sarah Huckabee Sanders will save what dignity she's got left & stop lying for Trump & finally resign.
GIULIANI SAYS TRUMP REPAID COHEN $130K: The Stormy Daniels money trail just keeps changing directions — the co-hosts discuss just what Rudy Giuliana's strategy was in saying Trump reimbursed Michael…
For you who are unaware, @GovMikeHuckabee and @Franklin_Graham are wolves in sheep's clothing @realDonaldTrump is a wolf in wolf's clothing.  Don't let them trample on your genuine faith any longer.  They are blind leaders of the blind. #FakeChristian #deceivingandbeingdeceived
Franklin Graham you are a ray of sunshine for our world. We need to get on our knees more for our country & president. Remember always that God is in control. Thank you for your beautiful prayer
Let’s all join hands and say random shit in hopes something magical happens.
Start praying traitors
Amen!
Any prayer for unity would call for you to shut down your Twitter account.
Your daughter is a liar and she learned it from you. Don’t come off like you are religious your a hypocrite.
National Day of Prayer!
Reminds us God is everywhere!
Walking dogs this peaceful morn.
Reflecting on another day being born.
Passing a bush in full bloom of spring.
Revere moment of thanks for each little thing.
Savor God's gifts everywhere.
Profound grace of simple prayer!
AMEN!
I'm joining in and praying that Trump is impeached!
I pray everyday for our elected officials, no matter their polical persuasion, along w/military & 1st responders. It’s not a once-a-year thing.
Preacher, you have lost your power!  You continue to sell your soul to a president who is morally corrupt yet you advocate for him daily!  You and your cohorts will be remembered as the reason Christianity died during the 21st Century in America!
AMEN

So this miracle was caught on camera! Encounter Ministers with our Almighty King healing! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AkI124_Qbs&feature=youtu.be …
Praying God will keep them ever mindful the potential impact their decisions can have upon our nation, it is not about them individually or collectively they are the voice of a nation whose foundation was is SO strong she has risen to greatness..PROTECT THE FOUNDATION ALWAYS
Is that on your agenda after the klan meeting?

I pray that @realDonaldTrump gets impeached.
Pray for yourself LIAR
Praying that the antichrist will be destroyed. It’s over Donald
It's hard to do when we're up against satanic values on the left.
Cinnamon cure for diabetes, Huck.
Pray for the refugees who did nothing wrong yet are being spurned and vilified by the Christian leaders in the richest country on earth. Pray, too, for those who will not help them.
Please pray for rain for West Texas!!
Let us gather round sayeth the tooth fairy and praise him for his contributions to the till




Nothing is impossible with God, but He has his work cut out for him to pull this off.
In Kim Clements prophecy of the presidency of the anointed Donald Trump, God said a new nation will rise up against him, I believe this nation to the people against Trump and his agenda, if Trump was chosen by God then they are against Gods agenda, may God have mercy on them
Amen
Praise the Lord Franklin is stepping up to fill some very big shoes and doing it with grace! 
Amen! I also pray that the @GOP and evangelicals begin to hold 45 accountable to Christian values. Or is lying, cheating and committing adultery cool?
Amen Micky D's
God bless me, my family, my country, our President and leaders and all the people in our planet.  Give us strength, hope and courage to be all we can be.
Pray that POTUS’ cell mate is a kind and gentle lover.
Dear lil made up baby jesus,
Please send Trump and all the other backstabbing, party before country GOP stooges to jail, and then straight to hell whenever they shuffle off this mortal coil.
Kthxbye
You're complicit.

Trumps evangelical cult...
Thats Swillery doomed to hell and damn nation then

I would love to see everyday be National Prayer Day. Our country needs God back I our schools, so if today is marked as NPD, this is my prayer. Let our youth come to know God and build a relationship with Him. Schools are a great place to begin.
That's what church is for, bucko. Unless you don't mind all gods in school? Jewish god, Hindu god, Islamic god etc etc?
Why would I pray for those doing their damndest to ruin our country?
See how billy graham helped this human trafficking victim who’s escape led to the outing of a famous psychologist as a pedophile.
Another waste of time.
Pray the gay away?
Two war mongers praying to slaughter more people. You guys should be in orange jumpsuits.
Prayers for you, Gov Huckabee, who keeps us laughing when we want to cry; and thanks to you and your wife for giving America your precious Sarah.
Amen!
Yep, all that prayin' seems to have done wonders for the country. So united, with leaders to look up to...
God isn’t real.
Amen 
