That's great,  Gov, because she's missing in action from Twitter for 4 days. Chelsea must not have time to tweet for her.
I know! Not a peep after B.B. died. Bill and the CF tweeted but not H. Curious!
She's in widespread panic. She probably scared to talk to Debbie Shultz and everybody else on phone.  Maybe they are in woods with walkie talkies or cans with strings.  Maybe they are dancing naked around trees in the forest. Maybe consulting voodoo queens in Haiti?
Did you really have to say “dancing naked”?? 
Glad she did! I’m trying to drop 10 pounds - this visual will help!
Me, too 
I may never eat again! Lol
She's a private citizen get over it and move on is that all you guys have
Soro's Hillary Bot
Well I’m not a bot... Hillary is not the President get over it.
When the heat is on, attack Hillary. And Mueller & SDNY bringin’ da heat!

easy H KKKlinton never stops talking

 You are both hilarious! Oh my.
LiBeRaLs ArE oBsEsSeD wItH hIlLaRy LoSiNg
No,right wingers are obsessed with Hilary loosing. Trump's been President over a year, get over it already.
That’s why Hillary did a world excuse tour and wrote a book about why she lost.  She’s like a bad case of herpes!  She just won’t go away!
Standard operating procedure my friend. Is there a losing candidate for the office of POTUS that HASN'T written a book afterwards- in modern history? But since it was Hillary it was A BFD. Seriously, whenever I venture over to the right- you guys are ALWAYS talking about Hillary
Lettuce pray?
*prey
Please eat
Gov has great manners - you first.
For god’s sake.... don’t eat the romaine lettuce, and don’t touch the Russian dressing, it’s full of Uranium 1.  Did she send you any Chipotle hot & spicy value meals?!!  Horrors!!

You should send her a case of crackers to go with her cellar full of WHINE

You mean you aren’t one of the 300 REASONS SHE LOST? Shocking!  #trumpville @Cowgirls4Trump -THE GOV IS IN THE CLEAR! Whew!
Say, @GovMikeHuckabee, why were YOU a two-time failed presidential candidate?
Ask him to unblock me?
I would but he blocked my ass.
Love your wit and your daughter @PressSec too!
They are great!
I hope you sent her a straight jacket !! 
 Love that idea, Carla! 
I’m actually serious  

She doesn’t take rejection well .

Maybe it wasn’t her but her double. Those reptiles replicate themselves faster than illegals. @DNC @HillaryClinton @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @AIPAC @RobertMuellerr
are you sure you weren't meant for comedy because you make me laugh Governor Huckabee
She got the dressing from the Russians!!

I would be careful eating it!
Utter lack of dignity
You crack me up Governor!  Love and admiration!
His son tortured and killed a dog.
don't eat it. arkancide!!
I just learned that there is a recall on romaine lettuce which makes his tweet even funnier.
I just love you!!  Soo funny.  God Bless.

2 scoops baby!!!  Don't you forget it!   Trump is about to rock your world to the ground and then stomp on it.

Good one acorn head.
Sometimes you feel like a nut . . .
It's ok, you're in good company, Robbie has a strange head too.
Love it!
DON’T TOUCH IT!!!  She’ll poison you governor! 
Based upon the list of folks who've had...let's just say an abrupt end to life, when associated with the Clinton's, I'd not touch the food gift.
I love your tweets, Governor!! 
http://Do.Not.Eat.It !!
Let us remember Hillary is such a kind and generous person.  NOT  lol
Don't eat it...Bill is sending over some special mush rooms to top it off
Governor, have you thought about a one hour comedy special on Netflix? I look forward to your posts because I know I’ll be laughing #netflixheresyourman
Better option would be an analysis on Netflix after each of Obama’s new specials...the truth will out
And have @GovMikeHuckabee narrate it! I’d watch 
Do not eat or drink anything from Killary!!
Keeping a sense of humor keeps you sane these days.
What no eggs!
Nah the egg is still on her face
if it’s Romain lettuce it’s been recalled with E. coli disease. Of course that makes perfect sense from such a wicked person as Hillary is.MAGA
Gov . Can you please help @Tell_Michelle_ in Nevada , thanks ! #maga
It’s poisoned!  Throw it away!
@GovMikeHuckabee   I never knew you're humor but I LOVE IT
Are you on her list too? Oh please be careful!
you really should eat healthier my dude

This is great 


OMGosh Sir, don’t was it. Probably has Ecoli or worse.
Oops was eat. Stupid Siri
Your son strangled a dog
no Russian vodka?
Do not ... I repeat Sir Do Not Toss her salad! 
Hope you ate it all.
Please don’t eat anything from Killary! 
If you run out of Romaine, I’ll be happy to send you more. You are not funny, are a royal POS.....

Please do us all a favor and GO AWAY
Don't eat it...  you will "suicide" yourself!!! 
It's a trap!
Your dry and somewhat deep and dark humor just makes me laugh to so much.
OMG...To funny
It's a literal sh*t box!
DONT EAT ANYTHING SHE SENDS YOU

@jpaolini44
So your son kills animals and you covered it up... is this true Mike
Oh my gosh love your smart and keen sense of humor. Another great laugh for the day. #MAGA #QAnon
Do you love that his son tortured and killed a dog? Or do you love him sticking up for a guy who molested his sisters? Tell us, which do you love the most after his sick sense of humor?
Lettuce give thanks, Mr. Mike. Did she also include a bottle of Red Whine??
You Win Twitter today Governor!
That’s one of your best ones!
You are fantastically funny!!!
He emotes bad ju-ju.  Stay away.
Naw, love him!!!
lolol...do not eat it! Better yet, do not touch it either, so incinerate it sir!
don't drink the  Kool  Aide   governor...
Early candidate for headline of the year
You are so bad, I love me some Huckabees. Your daughter is amazing, long may she stand up to the press!
You're joking, but in case you aren't there's been a recall on romaine lettuce. Ecoli
Don't eat it! Poisoned
Well lucky you! You’re the only one she hasn’t blamed!
What a child you are.
You are insufferable
If Jesus was still around He'd take his left sandle off and slap him across the face with it.
If only someone would.
NB: the dressing may come in a bottle, but it is not a beverage.
LOL  love your humor- never lose it
Mike Huckabee tells lame jokes to distract himself from the fact that his daughter lies to the American public on a regular basis.
You Crack me up Huckabee,,,,,,we need you on a late night show!!!!
Hypothyroidism can cause (reversible) dementia. You might want to speak to your doctor about a test.
Be thankful that Hillary didn’t send you a horse’s head!

Regift it to Chuck Schumer
Check the Romaine for e-coli!
E hellori ? Lol
Are you kidding?  Seriously.  Wow.  She is even more messed up than I could have ever imagined.  That's just bizarre.  She does drink a lot though....
He is kidding.
There is an E-coli outbeak on romaine lettuce . It’s a nationwide recall. That is why he made the joke
Why are Democrats/Liberals getting away with their obvious crimes, while they go after their political opponents?
How very juvenile!
Bass players....sheeesh
The notion that you’re relevant enough to affect a presidential election is particularly laughable.
Almost as laughable as Hillary’s excuses for losing. Keeps us laughing every day!!
Huh. Weird gift. What was the occasion? Was it your birthday, or did she just send you lettuce out of nowhere. Was it good? Also if you get lettuce and dressing it is a salad. She gave you a salad
Now I know where your smart beautiful daughter got her wit!!
What bout her pathos for LYING?
Please tell us the lie??
Ya got an afternoon to waste? Duh 
How about One? Or go sit in the corner.
Throw it away! Anything Clinton is poisoned. #ClintonBodyCount 
Still Thanking the Lord above for her loss. The US dodged a UK dream utopia death. #teresamay knows now  @realDonaldTrump still #winning and 61/2 yrs to go! #MAGA
As opposed to a “gay” jacket? In what way were you using “straight ?” Learn to spell, word usage, homophones...
Are you smoking crack Irene?
Sorry to disappoint your stereotyping: I don’t do drugs...
you don't do common sense either.
You don’t make sense.. I have no idea what issue you are referring to, so this conversation is over. Regards. Have a great day!
Your humor is as lame as your bass playing.
I would send it to a lab for testing. There is no telling what it could have in/on it after a Clinton touched it.
depending on which one touched it... you really don't want to know! lol
I tell you what, she has totally lost her mind! 
Be careful...romaine lettuce has been recalled in some states due to E coli!
Look, we comedians and artists take a lot of shit for poking out nose into politics. 

Kindly back the fuck out of attempting to be funny.
You are a rotten lettuce!
Every time you try to make a joke an angel vomits.
Of course she doesn't blame you for the loss, that would mean you'd have actually accomplished something politically, and we all know that has never happened.
She probablly bought a truck load to send to all the ones she blamed for her loss
Don’t quit your day job. Your feeble attempt at humor is subpar. However, you’re great at bearing false witness. Some pastor you are, violating a Commandment from God.
Did Dotard teach you how to be an adolescent nimrod or did it just come naturally?
Don’t eat the lettuce!
Psst. When you are talking about Hillary Clinton - who holds no Office and never will - you are losing. She is living rent free in the very little brains of #Cult45. But just in case, eat the romaine.
HRC blamed for her loss= 325,000,000
Not blamed for her loss= Gov. Huckabee.
That's easy to remember
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!!
Good one Gov Huck
You've turned into quite the shitposter, Guvna! 
We know this didn’t happen but what’s worse is that it wasn’t clever nor was it funny. I’m embarrassed you said this. Very sad for your writers.
Huck, have you ever danced with the  in the pale moonlight? #Hillary
Dude, seriously stick to something other than comedy!
Jokes on her. A vegetable hasn’t been on your fork since the late 60s.
 too funny


Check it for poison!!
Lol
@PatriotJohnT1 PLEASE DON'T EAT THAT SHIT,
Don't eat it's poisonous.

That’s so funny!!!
Hahahahaaa 
Now that’s funny...no pics?
Oh my gosh!  This is funny!
LOL! 



HahahahahaFUCKOFF MIKEhahahaha
 You’re so funny. What a GREAT sense of humor you have 
SHE SENT ME A CEASARS SALAD WITH RUSSIAN DRESSING.
Careful Governor !!!  People who turn or are against the Clinton’s have a propensity of ending up dead.  I’d send your gift from Hillary to Nancy Pelosi with a note stating “This will help improve your Cognitive functioning”...

Funny!
The lettuce with e-coli? Be careful.


 Just love you Mr. Huckabee...so funny  :-)
Good one.....  call it a McCabe salad
Omg hilarious 
 Lmbo!  Gov. You are just too funny and I love it!
Bet she paid for it with some of the $145 million she got donated from the Russian Government!

Religion won't save anybody from hell. Only Jesus saves! 
By practicing the principles of the Buddha I have escaped the hell that goes on in the mind. Thank you for your response. I hope your day is filled with joy.
Your son killed a dog and you had a failed presidential candidacy. You're not funny.
Question? Why is HRC still your focus? She lost the race. She isn't a public figure right now. Today she is attending a funeral. Why is she your focus?
Careful it's not poisoned. She has a track record 
Yeah just walk away from the salad Governor!
So we're taking jokes from ABC sitcoms now- but making the premise ridiculously convoluted and outdated... sounds about right. I've never been so glad that my governor sticks to tweeting about policy and leaves his personal vendettas @ home.
Sooooooo funny!!  Love Gov Mike Huckabee

Lol
Will Hillary go down in history as the FIrst First Lady to go to prison? Now there’s something the feminists can be proud of
You do realize romaine lettuce is being recalled. Many in the hospital and some have kidney failure. Throw all romaine lettuce away. Google it.

I guarantee this is the first time lettuce has seen the inside of a Huckabee’s house.
Start acting like a "true Christian"
Huckabee.  You really  show what you are, and it's not a Christian!
You’re an ass. Can’t you find something more constructive to tweet about? What an embarrassment you are...and your daughter hasn’t fallen far from the tree either.
You may need a food taster.
You are so sick...and very unchristian...no wonder your daughter is the way she is....
4/21/18  E. coli outbreak from Romaine lettuce has sickened more than 50 people in 16 states.
Call in a food taster.....Just sayin’
Awww that's
All this Russian to collusions 
Suicide salad...send it back lol
You rub your little nub to Hillary every night. You always wished she was your First Lady in Arkansas.

Don't deny it. You have it hard for Hillary.
Do not eat it! It is laced with poison LOL
You're a miserable ass.
Well....Mr. Govener I wouldn't eat anything that came from her.Just to let you know my grocery store put up a noticed about romaine lettuce it had salmonella in http://it.so  it was pulled of the shelf.Dont eat it!

Careful with the jokes using actual names...Dems are suing everyone for anything these days....it is funny  though
I wouldn't open anything sent by the Clinton's Mike! Have you not seen the Clinton body count...seems they're pretty close to the biggest serial killers in US history. But that, of course had nothing to do with losing her the Presidency. Interesting...she hasn't blamed that.
given Hillary's comments about "them" never letting her be President, I assume she was having Caesar dressing on her salad, with a couple of bottles of that theraputic Chardonnay she loves so much.
The #ClintonBodyCount is long enough, don’t be the next addition, Good Sir!
Wow that is funny
Don't touch it don't even open the box
Lettuce Pray.
. Now that’s some funny stuff right there!
Love your show, don’t eat that or I want be able to watch any longer ;)
Not sure I'd touch that
Careful, let a liberal taste it first.
Better test for pesticides before eatting...
It’s poison, throw it away
You now what’s worse than getting the shits from E. coli tainted lettuce?
 
Your attempts at “humor”.
Did she send any "walnut sauce" for the salad?

E-coli lettuce? How thoughtful. She's coming up with much more creative ways to commit #Arkancide!
Lettuce is recalled due to E. coli. You should have her arrested for attempted poisoning!
Always be careful what you eat......By the way....there are a lot of bodies in the pile...I just read where the husband of the lawyer investigating Hillary was just found dead...
Dude, you're a national treasure. 

Underappreciated. 

Ain't 2018 #GLORIOUS!?! 
@realDonaldTrump 17

 before eating  after eating.
Don’t eat it!!! Please!
Sure hope it didn't contain e-coli I hear there is a  recall on lettuce. Just saying!
If it doesn’t kill you,,, I suspect you will be tweeting from the bathroom for sometime
Well played Governor...well played..
Probably got the idea from WENDY.
Ha,ha!
Okey Dokey!
Your the perfect person for the gift of dysentery
Sweet girl!!!
Why do you keep trying to be funny? You aren’t funny, aren’t witty, aren’t lovably kooky...you are just not funny. It’s embarrassing.
So you're joking about threats now?  Lol.  The left is so violent.
 Love you,Governor!!!
Hilarious, I just heard about the CDC announcement of Romaine lettuce have Ecoli. Mike you have the best sense of humor of everybody I know.  That was a good one.
I hope you had a taste tester cause you may spend tomorrow on the crapper if you hadn't.
Im kind of hoping this is a joke....its funny....but what if? Id be scared.
To funny
Is this a joke? She clearly does need a job.
You aren't funny and you're comment shows what a petty little man you are. How's your son the dog murderer? Killed anymore dogs lately? You must be so proud. #FakeChristian
Real Men don't Eat Salads!?!? 

Your Daughter is doing a Great Job as Press Secretary!!! 

#MAGA
Hahahaha! 
