Yes
#ProtectMueller
No, because there is no proof it was Syrian Forces could have been rebels or others. Look about motive...
The Pentagon just released a big file of evidence that it was Assad - like 30 pages.
Funny you said that. Rand Paul just said they don't have any evidence. He sits on the committee. He did say the Pentagon claims they have evidence. False flag, 100%
I don't really care
John McCain and his secret meeting to Iraq, every time there is a chemical attack, there is Syrian's working for Al-Qaeda funded by UK, USA, Arabians, last year and this year attacks happen after Trump announcement, smells like fish something is not right, you know it we know it.
Yes I do support this decision!
Yes!
Yes I support this stance. Cannot let dictators like this animal get away with killing his own people.
At this point i honestly dont trust our intelligence apparatus anymore they have been weaponized by the left against a duly elected president they got us to invade Iraq on a lie.
Yes
Yes, they are protecting us as well!   Such an astraucity.  All those people killed by chemicals!  Praying for all!  GOD Bless America as well as other countries!  So glad to be an American where at least I know I'm free!!
YES
I do support it, though Not as much as I'd support it if you were in range of the explosion.
No I do not. Only a fool would have used chemicals. Assad had the town sewn up. He could have bombed them out to finish it. We attacked without cause. More war. BS. Trump is not keeping his word and Syria is none of our business.
Yes indeed.
Yes
Yes
Yes I do. #IStandWithTrump
For Second time Drumpfuck aka Trumpendejo Hits Syria without hard Evidence and His Polls numbers still SUCK.
@SAMMPOTUS to Restore America to A Constitutional Republic because America is Never Been A Democracy.
samm2020/donate
We The People 2020
YES!!!!!!!!
Absolutely. Assad committed the worst form of murder. To watch young children with blood running out of their mouth and suffocating as well as the men and women, and do nothing about it would have been crazy. Absolutely support our Presidents decision.
No. Not without proof and Congressional approval. The Constitution matters.
We have a Republic form of government. He is the commander and chief of the military! So YES ALL THE WAY.
Congress authorizes military force. Commander in Chief directs the authorized force. #Constitution
Support
Had to say yes just to get rid of that six hundred and sixty six number
ABSOLUTELY!!!!!@@
Yes!
"Nope"
POTUS was RT to bomb Syria never want to see USA ignore gene side We should never forget the gene-side of World War II millions of lives were destroyed because of Gas chambers. Barrell bombs full of death agents is no different
Yes!
Of course I support this decision!  An important time to stand for LAW and contracts with other nations!  What we say and what we do need to match.  Just as the Bible teaches!
Um. That's a resounding absolute big fat N.O. why? Because 45, has zero regards for anything. he wants to poke the bear (Russia, because they are in cahoots with Syria)and stick his nose in other people's business. Sheesh. (Hiding under the covers til this blows over).
NO! but only because we don't draw the line at "mass murder" we draw the line at "acceptable means of mass murder" which is bull shit.
I'm curious to know what the huckster weighs currently. Seeing how he wrote a book about his big weight loss etc. It looks to me like he's put a lot of weight back on. Did he ever apologize for taking money to help sell snake oil products to his fellow diabetics?
What anybody weights? What that have to do with military decisions??
I never said it has anything to do with military decisions. The point is that he wrote a book about losing 100 pounds after a diabetes diagnosis but he appears to have put a lot of weight back on. Plus he took money to help sell some snake oil product to his fellow diabetics.
Yes and I Adlai support keeping Russia and IRAN in check. The latter would like nothing more than to vaporize Israel.
NO! What happened to #AmericaFirst ??
There is a few more tweets from Trump about Obama needing to get Congress' approval before striking Syria. Why do you not mention them?
No
100%
Yes ! I support the president 100% , Why would I elect a man for a job then watch him keep or try to keep each of his campaign promises and knowing he has the best advice and information we possess not trust his decisions  ?
No. Military Industrial Complex payoff. That’s all
You're raising money on this???

Pathetic...
Yes, no casualties.  Targets hit. Mission accomplished.
. Should have hit the Russkys, too!!! Had enuff of their “adventurism” crap in the middle east.

President Trump!YES! 100%!
Yes
No. The US was leaving, why would Assad to bring us back to destroy his country? Russia was fighting ISIS, doesn’t make sense to antagonize them.
I trust the @POTUS and the plan 100%.
d Depends on the targets they hit. AND the why of those targets. Perhaps one day we will get the full intel that lead to the decision. UNTIL then I will trust #POTUSTrump and his band of #WhiteHat military advisors just as #QAnon says.
Yes
NO.
HUCHY, MISSIQN ACCOMPLISHED? WE HAVE ONE SICK  BOZO IN THE ANIMAL HOUSE.
Yes!
YES!
Yes
What decent human being can't support @POTUS in trying to stop a vile regime from killing innocent ppl? Don't support overthrowing govts & rebuilding countries in US image but do believe it's our duty to come to the humanitarian aid of ppl living under these kind of conditions.
#YES
Yes!
I would have arranged a squadron of B-52s to do a little urban renewal on Assad’s palace!!!  Just a big smoking hole in the ground!!
Yes. It took balls and the world know we will stand strong.
He'll yes
Yes but actions that don’t have  desired results are useless.  Seems it’s ok for Assad to be a ruthless dictator-just don’t use WMDs-gasing children  creates bad optics. The desired result; You can stay but don’t be an assadhole? The concessions made 2 maintain a Balance of Power
No
I wish you were our vice president Governor Huckabee... I am many others don't feel good about Mike Pence. He is not true. We love you 
Yes
What are the results?
Yes I support the Retaliation. Those citizens did not deserve that.
Take Syrian refugees
We only support what Fox News tells us to support.  We don’t think for ourselves.  We are Trump supporters!  Right, Mike?  Isn’t that what you hope to hear?
Yes
i wasn't there Governor, i don't know who to believe. was it Isis or Assad who used the chemical weapons. Isis blends in so well, i think there are hold overs in Syria, just as easily as there are Obama's rats in the Trump Admin.  Maybe not even Russia can know everything.
Yes
I support the strikes, but I do not want to see us go to war! This is not our battle.
Tightest shot group ever. Zero friendly casualities. Was there ANY unfortunate collateral damage at all? Russia tucked tail between legs or went fishing instead last night. Bad guys lost chem weapons research production facility and storage facilities. In 1 hour, Mission Victory!
100 million to level 3 buildings
Because our allies participated and because I’m sure the president and his military advisers are privy to information that we are not I trust what @POTUS did.
I trust Trump
 % YES! Never again will we ask why didn’t anyone do anything. @POTUS God Bless you for doing SOMETHING!!!
Absolutely, chemical warehouses and research centers were targeted, no use for them anywhere!!!
Did they kill Americans? Is that why we fire bombed Syria? Are we at open war? Has congress declared it and we were not informed? More questions than answers here, I reckon.
Yes
Yes
Yes
Fackabee
YES WE CANT JUST IGNORE IT
YES
Just actually acting on the red line, about time
No you know this is B.S#DeepStateDonny
Yes
No.
Yes I support this decision
Yes this is war we must fight!
Yes I do!
Absolutely!
100%. My only questions is why didnt we go ahead and bomb Syrian and Russian forces into the ground. Russia cannot compete with us.
Trump2020
Not our job to police the world. When Trump is Trump we win! When Trump is told we must act then that is when we see Trump doing political crap like this. Not our problem.
yes it has to stop somewhere
Yes, a million percent!
No. And why do you care? You're yesterday's news.
Yes
Go Fuck yourself
If the world knew the truth.  Everyone would support the defeat of baby rapists and baby cannibals.   I am witness to false rabbis eating innocent flesh in the name of black magic in an attempt to assassinate me and consume my blood and flesh.  I am J C 7/12/73 a survivor
Yes, but I'd feel a lot less conflicted about it if we didn't have to question whether the @POTUS was using military actions to distract from @StormyDaniels, the doorman, the lovechild with the housekeeper, the playboy bunny, etc.
Hell yes!!
100%
Yes
I support my President, I’m tired of policing the Middle East, I’m sick of it..it will never have peace in that area, not in any form of lasting peace,if they desire to kill one another, SO BE IT...Not one American warriors life is worth it.MAGA
nope bad plan go in be honest with american people get control of oil  and get out!  let them live in the shit holes they love.. we sent 140 million dollars in missiles in which  only 30 of them hit get real... stupid wasteful spending , just like the spending bill was trash,
Possibly. Its unfortunate when you trust another country’s say so because you have no faith in your own POTUS. I getny’all think you need to pat yourselves on back, remember POTUS ran when it was his time tomserve first time.
Generally i meant. I have mixed feelings. Proud of our military, love my country. Does anybody have a plan to just shut down this BS over there. I feel i would personally be more agressive, but what I would like is the POTUS to proceed  with due process.
100% Yes
I would need need more information to give a solid opinion, but...
1) Trump is smarter than I am
2) He has a lot more info available than I do
3) I voted for him because I trust his decision making ability....
4) Yeah, gonna leave it to him and his team to make that call.
Yes and yes!!!!
Not just yes but Heck Yeah!!!!
this bish thinks he’s somehow involved in anything relevant. 
Yes I support our Presidents decision!
no. Not convinced Assad is guilty. More like Teresa Mayhem and the Macaron
Yes I support Prez Trumps decision.
YES!
Yes, unless one is supporting the use of chemical weapons the answer should always have a response. As usual 180 plus nation are against chemical weapons, only three stand up and say enough!!
Yes
Yes
Yes, I agree with our President Trump.
Absolutely! God has chosen @realDonaldTrump to defend the good, the innocence from the evil forces.
NO

What is that suppose to accomplish? Absolutely nothing. Just killing more humans.
Yes
Absolutely yes.  I support the President
Absolutely.

The fact isn't whether or not Assad ordered the attack, but rather that Syria is mass producing illegal Chemical Weapons.

Trump was forced to action by the past admin being to much of a coward to act.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @CNN
Hell yes, cross the line and you will pay.....not draw another line

Is that Duuuu!
Our involvement is pointless.   Nothing will ever be resolved there.  Too much money.  Too many lives lost.  We nibble around the edges.  The countries in the region should fix it, not us.  I blame the Saudis for much of it.
of course, whoever doesnt agree with it, doesnt mind if kids/babies/elderly gasp for breath and die horribly
It was cover by Trump to cover up the Muller Investigation
Pro-Assad official says the targeted base was evacuated after the stupid Trump warning on twitter : So what did Trump accomplish? He's shouting today "Mission Accomplished". What he did was distraction from all his scandals. We have not forgotten those scandals!
While not one person wants to be at war, we also don't want to turn a blind eye to innocents who are stuck in this situation. I trust the President. I also think we have achieved something amazing. We are all paying attention and being heard.


Yes!
Yes
Not sure. Some say false flag , and a win for globalists.
WISH real on-ground investigation had happened FIRST by TRUSTWORTHY ppl outside t/deep state to rule out FALSE FLAG. Syria NOT in Global Banking system as was Libya before we went in there. IF Assad LIED a/b getting rid of chemicals, then likely he's guilty.
Absolutely, the POTUS is the leader this country needs!
Yes, who is going to stand idly by, while children and others are gassed? No one. Who would do this and not expect retaliation?
YES
Yes!!!
No but The World was watching and expecting some sort of physical bitch slap. We need to be gone entirely from Middle East.  And just Advise Israel & Palestine to knock it off build some great Hotels and tourist spots chill out and soak up the sun and the sea!” Life is short!
Absolutely!!!
Yes.
You have not PROVED ANYTHING Trump is a turncoat IAM out
No
I don't think we should put boots on the ground.
How can you care about the Syrian people enough to retaliate but not care about them enough to take Syrian refugees?
I feel is the POTUS and his advisers deem it necessary to do so they know more tan I do about such things..  President Trump said he would not go into Syria so my guess would be there was a stockpile of these weapon they now know where they are and it made sense to destroy them.
Yes But we also have to make Russia to leave Syria and Iran to leave Syria so we don’t have an Armageddon. Syria is it in between both ounries
#GodBlessOurTroops
#GodBlessTheTrumpAdministration
I support  no reason any congressmen should complain they are the ones in 2001 gave @POTUS the ability to use our military for such reasons Like always they could have amended/repeal that authority but didn’t So to the whiny politicians sit down shut up and watch a true leader
Yes!
Yes I Do !  No One should be allowed to kill innocent People !
Yes reluctantly
I don’t have enough information to have an informed opinion

Don't respond to this slime ball's poll. It's a solicitation for money! Like your son, the @PressSec, nothing ethical comes from a Huckabee.
Every thing ethical comes from Hucksbee!
Yes. 100%
Yes

NO ..Im tired of the USA being the policeman!! Chemical weapons are wrong. I think if we would have simply captured Saddam Hussein and his brothers and SIMPLY captured and extracted ASSAD for trial and interrogation first..Lots of lives and money would be saved.
If we had solid proof that Assad used chemicals against his own people, yes. I worry about false flags to get us to react.
Yes
Still think it bullcrap and Putrin and Trump are still buddies oh he bombed them but he warned them before he bomed them so no military stuff got hit like fighter jets and stuff..Real smart gut Trump is not!!!! When will the GOP get a back bone and stand up to Trump?
By the way. I wanted you for president. I am sorry you lost
Do you seriously think that if the US, UK, France and the rest of the UN thought there was a doubt that Assad did this that they would all agree to strikes on Syria. Assad is an evil monster and he must be taken out of power like we did with Kadafi.  Lord help us.
Yes.  My husband and I support our President!!!
Yes I sure do support the action!!
Yes
No.
YES
YES, I DO SUPPORT President Trump!!!
U don't USE CHEMICAL WEAPONS to 
 HUMAN!
ANIMAL is MUCH MUCH BETTER than Syrian PSYCHO, RUSSIA, IRAN,,, SAD for poor innocent children!!!
