
Boooo!  Hissss!  PATUWEEE!
Note: This is a pastor, and we are in trouble.
I’m not sure it counts when a solid 80% of those engagements are people desperately trying to explain the basic mechanics of comedy over and over.
Actually you are the number one CAUSE of sleep
Congrats  Gov, we love you!
So NOW @Facebook #FB data and news is OK???
LOL OK now here's the proof that this was all an attempt to connect Clinton's loss via @Facebook $FB to #Russia and nullify @realDonaldTrump 

Cambridge Analytica whistleblower says Facebook users' data could…
He doesnt care about fairness. Like trump, the rules change when THEY want them to. Huckabee cant make a positive post about something that SHOULD be praised & celebrated. He cant do it without slamming others & throwing hate in it. He is SO blind to it, it comes naturally now.
that's NOT where I was going with my tweet but no #matter!!
Congratulations.
Better be careful! If your daughter @PressSec ever decides to go on the circuit, she'll give you a run for your money!
Huckabee tweets are little pearls of wisdom
Some of it is in morse code, you just have to decipher the message.

You’re number two!  How appropriate! 
YEA !! I like mike !! 
Congratulations Governor!
Such grace
Hot!

You're jealous! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LIBERALISM IS A MENTAL ILLNESS
Bahahaha
Believes Hollywood Reporter poll, but not the trustworthiness of America's institutions. 
There's no stupid like Trump supporter stupid. 

 https://twitter.com/GovMikeHuckabee/status/982832296402317312 …
No.
Like the unlicensed "Dr. Phil", Steve Harvey is a NOBODY created by media like Billionaire Oprah.  Change the channel!
Your right that’s why Black people gave him to you White folks when he visited your Orange President
Unclear message, but, FYI, @realDonaldTrump's skin appears orange due to a medical disease: rosacea.
Ok let’s be clear rosacea is red on skin Trump is Orange maybe your patience’s should get another Doctor
Love you
Is your son #1 on the list of dog torturers and killers?
People love comedians and bafoons.
For a person who spends so much time denouncing Hollywood, you're praising being in a publication...
#DeleteYourAccount
Go Huckster!
Evil Stevie should be last with his pseudo Christianity!
NO say it isn’t so. I use to like Steve Harvey until he was an ass to the people who work for him on his set. Shameful yelling & belittling those that work behind the scenes
Pretty sure the raid on Cohen's office had the same effect on every single #MAGAMoron still riding the Trump train wreck.
Bragging is fine, throwing more hate at dems totally takes away from this. However, in part, you being hated keeps you in the news. I pray your grand-kids dont pickup your hatefulness. Your JOY from thinking others will be upset, cant sleep? Sick!  JUST LIKE TRUMP. Nasty rules.
In my mind, you’re only relevant because you’re a reminder of what not do as a Christian. You serve two masters and you’re driven by power and money. You don’t represent the God I love. #Trash

You are fun to read all the time... especially since I usually agree with you.
I like jerking myself off as well. Feels nice.
Congratulations Gov. Huckabee. You have a wonderful sense of humor, quick wit, and sharp insight.
Ok Mr. Huckabee, how much did this cost you to grease the palms of Hollywood Reporter?  
I love it...and you! You beat out all the late night lecturers! What a hoot! And much deserved. 
Indeed.  When the late night Bubble Dwellers are beaten it's always a good day.
Trolls and haters everywhere...
It was the colonoscopy tweet that did it for you.
this post and its comments made me cringe so hard I developed scoliosis
Ambien is for sex Mike, whats you know bout dat?
Please!
And you're also the best grifter-politician/Fake Rev/Fake Christian! Keep up the awful work charlatan!
You that giddy, that you can't sleep over this trivial piece of "news"? Whatever. Half the people who follow you are folks like me. We just like to know what the racist, ignorant, fake christians of the world are doing.
Just a note. To say that someone is racist, or ignorant, or a fake Christian will automatically put you on that list. Left way of thinking will land you in trouble. Stay straight and right. I'll pray for you.
Keep your prayers for yourself, pal. You and your ilk will need them when they close the pearly gates in your face.
But how's your ratio?

WGAF ?
Enjoy it while it lasts. Now that it's gotten publicity, .@Jack will shadow ban you and Facebook will Diamond and Silk you.
Ovaltine —- I almost forgot about that throwback
@MadonnaDJ88 @THR Harvey is racist...watch his stand up...he is not white friendly...its kinda obvious
Bravo
Governor..you will always be a star..your daughter Sarah too!!
Even though its just a list I would just feel dirty being that close to 
Chelsea Handler.

Yay!
Chelsea Handler in the top ten? Groan. 
Fake preacher
Why so defensive?
You will always be # 1
Pretty fast company there, Gov.
Wow.   We love you Gov. Huckabee
I wouldn't be too proud of second place in any list that has Steve Harvey at the top.
Congratulations on your number two!
And Mike, you didn’t have to make a fool of yourself as host of a beauty pageant as Harvey did to move to the top. Congrats!
They like to lie you are number one in my book.
Kimmel could learn from Paul Harvey
Congrats Governor Huckabee!
You’re the number #2 anus on the list - nothing to be proud of, but you earned it
Congratulations Mike. I guess having thousands of trolls comment  on your tweets and other post was good for you. Maybe when they realize that they'll go away.
MAGA!
Congrats Gov H! We know you are #1 and that Harvey is just fake media propaganda!
Check your ego at the door. You are irrelevant.
Yet he was relevant enough for you to stop and comment. With your continued support, or overwhelming  need to criticize him, he could be #1 next week.
I’m commenting on your post and you are also irrelevant.
Why
Excrement attracts flies.
Way to go!
Congratulations!   
But there’s something wrong with that list because @RealJamesWoods is not on it

If we go by polls,According to Repressed Bias Polls.The President actually High 70% to 90%! Election Day & ALL Previous Polls Theory Proved! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/981669823221559302 …
SPANKY, COULD GO OUT ON 5TH AVE. AND SHOOT SOMEONE DEAD, AND YOUR LIPS WOULD STILL BE SECURED TO HIS ASS.
How did you fit in with all the Democrats
congratulations  to you and @IAmSteveHarvey you're both great 
You’re. #1 to us Gov!
Congrats! But you’re really #1
Great show last night!!
You're number 2 to Steve Harvey...this is a list you shouldn't be bragging about
The Hollywood Reporter?  Don’t you make fun of this elite Hollywood media? Now that it benefits you, it’s all good?  That’s an apprentice nbc move
I guess not only the irony, but the whole point of his tweet went right by you. Reading comprehension is your friend. But thanks to trolls like you who constantly post hate filled comments on his social media he is #2 on this list.
Wow!!  That's some claim to fame!!  
Congrats
.Well done Governor Huckabee!
Personal Id never really care for Mr Steve Harvey sorry No WAY!!
The troll’ & hater’s heads explode over Trump’s tweets as well. So, you’re in good company. Keep it up, and congrats.
He who exults himself shall be humbled.....
Awesome possum!  I knew you would!!

Mike Huckabee
You mean S Harvey is #1 & u r #2. Black privilege at work, right.  How did u sneak in?
We love you Gov Huckabee!
seen him on tv. liked him til he came out his mouth sideways  a few times. now i think he is a racist from what i noticed an heard
Steve Harvey is a great West Virginian from the southern coal fields.
Wow! The Sesame Street song "Which of these is not like the other" comes to mind!
This is amazing 
That’s why you never answer my posts and don’t get to go Duck hunting
Mike don't ever ever stop being you sir  
Love u Gov !! Harvey’s a tough sell
Does Steve Harvey still hate white people?
Congratulations! 
Like your family dog?  Because your son tortured and killed it?
God Bless America

Do you support illegal immigration?
So deserving!!  You have a very tactful way of talking about all the negative issues going on.  I appreciate you and your daughter and I am thankful that you both support President Trump!
Steve’s a funny guy
Wow, Ovaltine........
Yay
Congratulation Governor!  Well deserved.  Love your common sense approach to any issue. Mr Harvey has also worked hard so not surprised to see him on the list.  He’s funny and has several TV shows.
Keep riseing sir, we need you and your honesty
I Love Ovaltine. My Dad said he had the worst nightmare of his life after a hot cup of Ovaltine. He Never would drink it again!!  Wonder what that was all about?
Love your style Governor!!
Congratulations Gov!!! Love your tweets
Well God bless you! You’re now true faith and have the most wonderful way and wit to explain things. I truly look for forward to reading your tweets.
Congratulations!!
Remember he’s pro trump
Omg, you pathetic loser!
Wow Congrats You are extremely funny and your sarcasm is delightful 
Gotta Luv The Gov’!
love you Gov. Huck!
Wonderful !
Woo hooo. Congratulations.
First, “CONGRATULATIONS!”, secondly, just have to say that it’s a very earned  position & I’m surprised that you’re not #1! Because in my book, you are #1! Carry on, I love the commentary, which’s all very truthful, painful or not! #SocialMedia #AlwaysFruitful #AlwaysTruthful
Congrats Steve!
Steve’s the best !!
I see no trophy there, no competition there, worthy of your accomplishments, Governor.
I think this is hilarious.
@govMikeHuckabee obviously the troll here
They are obviously asking about your decision to have Sarah get her sex change from a man to a woman.
Love Steve Harvey. Watch him on TV FAMILY FEUD.
CMA should be ashamed.
Yay!! Glad you beat Chelsea Handler (and all the others!)
Congratulations! U make me happy!
I like Steve, you being second is awesome, but the rest of those guys way low class compared to you and Steve
Wait...Mike Rowe is awesome.  But agree with you.
Yes I agree him too my bad I think that guy is the best!
Miscount should be #1
Wow Congrats to you Gov. Huckabee!
Standing for America’s.
I appreciate your humor Mike
You are funny, joyful and always respectful. I enjoy your tweets and Facebook posts. Congratulations!
Ha

So would you please fix health care?  You’re our only hope
I've heard #steveharvey really HATES people...he puts on a good act.
Amen.
Gov you're my #1!
I’ll sleep just fine!!!
Congratulations @GovMikeHuckabee
After God the the Devil is the most popular!, so don't think that your number 2 spot means you are liked!, it just means that you are ine of the biggest charlatans out there!
Ovaltine? NO! Thank you.
I loved your show tonight!!  Thank you so much  I like Steve Harvey too, but don't watch him.
You're welcome.
I thought this was a joke, but @GovMikeHuckabee was mentioned! @PressSec needs to add this to her readout & see if any of the beleaguered WH Press “Reporters” notice! lol 
If you remember Ovaltine you must remember Captain Midnight.
Yikes! Your right! I think you should be at the top!
Trumps Christian Soldiers

Most white evangelicals would 
vote against Jesus Christ himself 
if he ran as a democrat
Code for how dare that Ni**er
#congrats
Congrats on the #2 spot, but you're #1 in my book.
No, it just means you have a good social media team. Kudos to them. But continue to pat yourself on the back. Those of us in the PA/PR business know how this is done. Nice try Mike.
Oh God; I just don't like Steve Harvey.  His personality rubs me the wrong way.
So, this counts engagements, like when I come on here and call you an asshole, right?  Now it makes sense!
BNow good enough. people we need to get Mike Huckabee highert.
Is he helping Trump? I thought Trmp asked him along with Carson. Do not know if he took him up on it. For African Americans to C what was needed.
Second only to the host of the most racist game show on TV. You should be #1 Gov!!!!!
No matter. You and your entire family are still human garbage. We see right through you.
You go Mike Huckabee. You’re the best!
But you're #1 in douchbaggery.
Go @GovMikeHuckabee, #MAGA!
Congratulations Governor Huckabee!
Go Gov!!!!
Congratulations
Social media could get you to the White House. I really enjoy your tweets. Never knew anything about u before. And your daughter is awesome. Keep it up.
Congratulations Huck!
Awesome...Congrats!

People still watch tv?
Keep up the good work!
It's sad Steve Harvey was willing to work with Trump but the backlash from the black community drove him no to. #blackswillalwaysbeslavestodemocrats
Some people can't get enough of douche bags like you.
And Hdtextard, you are #1 in the leftard POS pool. Congrats!
I must be one of those Russian fans coming through for you! Love you Govenor Huckabee.i wish you were Govenor in my state!
You are not a Governor.   Why do you keep claiming it?
I'm a big fan of yours...
wow. not so much. eeeewww. really.  you are irrelevant in the scheme of things. has your son stopped the animal abuse? It's your fault you know.
Yeah Gov!!!!!!
Congratulations, Governor!!  Keep up the great work!!
Thanks I'll sleep better knowing Steve Harvey beat you!
Y'al need to meet Chad @offblacks4trump  he's awesome. 13year old genius. He's got style! I really like him. He's going places.
I just wanna know were Harvey got that HAT!
@PressSec deserves credit for your "sudden" fame
You’re #2 alright, if you know what I mean! 
love Steve. he is soo funny.don't worry Gov, you'll be #1 next time. love you too.
You are a liar and a false Christian.
It's no wonder. You are a voice of reason & always w/such a good sense of humor. Keep up the good work for us. On a side note.your daughter is also fabulous at such a difficult job.

Ok that's funny but yes I think Gov Huckabee is a gifted speaker & his daughter is a "chip off the ole block" So maybe you can laugh some more 
Yes you can see where she got her ability to lie.
Trump derangement syndrome is strong with this one.
It's all you gov!   Keep it up.
