“You can’t do anything to God that will make him quit loving you – he loves you unconditionally, and he loves you uncontrollably” -@GovMikeHuckabee’s Easter message 
Ah......the "reckless love of God""""
I want gods love all on my face.
Except deny his SON
There is no segment of the population that cares less about our beautiful planet and our countries amazing natural wonders than evangelicals.
That would be awesome if that were the case Every time the church opened it's doors.
2,000 believers at sunrise beach mass here
Any dog killers in church Mikey?
Got any of your own skeletons Mike? There’d have to be something picking away at your insides. Church makes it feel better huh?
Uncontrollably?
Kinda like the old adage about how only a doting parent could possibly love such a fugly, hate-filled child.
How Christian is it to expel Americans from this country?
It's policy, not religion. There are plenty of non-Christians who want to protect our borders and ensure people are following our laws.
Right. And the Christian's should be against them.
Christians especially should be against law breakers.
Christians, especially, should be against all of the policies that come from the right that destroy the lives of man.
Christians, especially, should help the poor, the hungry, the abused, the downtrodden. But not lawbreakers who flaunt the system and seek to take advantage of a lawful system of order.
Yeah..... You should probably read the Bible.
Every day. You should try it. There are so many Bible verses that talk about the consequences of doing wrong. Just look at Deuteronomy 28. (I’m sure you, the Bible scholar, have read it). 15 verses committed to the blessings of obedience, 53 to disobedience. #Think

Easter has passed, but that is a message that should be spread around daily! Thank you. Also your daughter is an inspiration to little girls and women everywhere. She shows how to be a lady in the face of adversity, while standing up for what she believes in.
Great explanation!!! Amen
He is RISEN indeed!

Mine also, Gov.

Yet another crystal clear example of someone who has absolutely no clue what Jesus taught.

Once again proving my point. 

https://answersingenesis.org/bible-questions/does-the-bible-tell-christians-to-judge-not/ …

“Stop judging by mere appearances, but instead judge correctly.” - John 7:24.
Oh i see the Bible you use !
One word: Hermeneutics. 

Look it up. 

The Bible is complete, inerrant, and infallible. People like you, who literally hate the God of the Bible, are in no shape to tell those who have actually read and studied it what it means, let alone what Jesus teaches.
Again ... judging others ?
I take it you’re an Anarchist. You must hate the judicial system. And courtrooms. Because JUDGES!  
Looks like you just gave birth to Hillary Clinton.
THAT'S BRILIANT ANDREW!!!
Not enough fire extinguishers as per fire safety regs?
God Bless you and your family.
Thankful for all the things you do @GovMikeHuckabee you are a blessed man with an outstanding family @PressSec  - thank you for taking up for our @POTUS
Time will come when people will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead to suit their own desires they will gather around them a great # of tchers to say what their itching ears want to hear. They will turn their ears away from the truth and turn aside to myths.  2 Timothy 4:3-4
Our  little church started 2 services  we still got out by 12;30

Christian Shariaism is ruining this country. And you are the biggest traitor to America ‘s true values
Amen and thanks for the reminder.
Gov. Have share my story. Go to church every week. Easter no different until yesterday. Woke up at 3AM thinking I was having the worst hot flash of my life. Only to find out it was 90 in the House. Furnace valve stuck and broke. Spend Easter mass with the furnace repair man. 
I know I shouldn't have another person keep me from heaven but every time I hear you talk about church, I come a little less Christian because of your hypocrisy. #HowToEvangelical #judgementday
Don't let people like Huckabee take away your christianity. Use it to strengthen you and show people what true christianity is all about. Show people we are not like the fake christians people like Huckabee are. That we truly care about people and their souls.
Was half the seats occupied by everyone’s ar15s?
Yes Governor but we need to remember that Our Lord thirsts for our love as well. Cannot forget His Agony and Abandonment I the tomb.
Just wish they’d come to church h on other Sundays too.  worship is not just on holidays
Hope  Christians  gave up seats to nonChristians.
You to Govonor  God BLESS  " The Greatest words ever Spoken in Human History are He has Risen it gives us all hope and leaps us forward in to the eternity"
May God continue to bless you and give you the messages that we need to hear! Happy Easter! He's ALIVE
Had a great crowd at our church. Lots of visitors
Thank you for that beautiful message of God’s love for us - the message of Easter, of Jesus’ sacrifice for us.
Beautiful kids. You are very blessed, Gov. 
Thank you!
May God Bless you Mike Huckabee!
Beautiful message and beautiful grandkids 
Beautiful comments that brought tears to my eyes while watching you this morning on F&F. Happy Easter!
Thank you for the beautiful words! Hope your family & you have a great Easter!
Happy Easter! 
Great problem to have. Amen!
Our church - #theJourney in Orange City, FL had to turn away 200 cars from the 10:00am service and ask them to come to the next service at 11:45. The parking lot was full and the sanctuary was filled to capacity (even considering standing room). Praise God!
What is it with you people and crowd size?!
I’m glad that god will always love you and the poor and the sick.  Can you?

#amen
Mine was! Praise Jesus!
That is great news Gov. Mike!  Music to my ears, what a great Savior we serve!
Freak Show #StaySimple
ICE keeping them out??
We will all ways make room for yall at Liberty Independant Baptist here in DeLand!



You should have given your seat up for some who believes and lives by the word of God you Big Hypocrite!!
Bless you Gov...lucky grands to have someone like you in their life.
Happy Easter, Governor!! We love your daughter, Sarah Huckabee Sanders!!
Hey Mike...F.U.
Amen! No greater love! Our church was packed in both services. Hopefully many were fed and will turn to Him who loved us so much  to go to the cross.
Why not? Were they brown?
Maybe it's because they heard you and other #Evangelicals are handing out #mulligans for adultery left and right.
You couldn't have said it any better Gov. Mike Huckabee !  I agree 100%
Were they refusing entry to people who torture and murder dogs and those who abet them?
AAAA-Men!!!
Such a bullshitter. Like father like daughter
I hate this man - but love this message. Isn’t that strange?
Jesus had anal sex at least three times. Please read your Bible.
Oh so that’s how you justify lying & screwing anybody that doesn’t agree with you. #hypocrite #FakeFoxNews
That happens at our church, too!  Standing room only.  A few years back, the pastor blurted out, "Welcome to everyone, but where the hell are you all the rest of the year!"
Church crowds always increase at Easter and Christmas. Maybe show off new clothes? Wish family’s would return to church more often
You can blaspheme against the holy ghost and not be forgiven
Same thing at our church. Never seen a crowd that big. I hope it’s a sign of things to come.
Being a good Christian means showing up to church twice a year and blaming the Democrats for attacking their religion. Oh and blindly follow a man that has had multiple affairs, can’t name 10 books of the Bible and is a real, actual tyrant.
We also had a good church service with our family.
Ditto
They wait all year to come in on this blessed day!
Amen!
- THANK YOU FOR YOUR TESTIMONY AND MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR'E FAMILY.
So true, and so lovely.  Thank you.
Every truth at it’s core is simple to understand. Thank you Mr. Huckabee for that simplistic universal truth! Amen & Amen!!
We had three Services! 3000 people! It was amazing! Tired and hurting feet, but Serving is the best!
That kind of annoys me. Masses of people turn out at church for Easter and for Christmas.
To God goes the glory!!!
Exactly like the low-ratings Central Americans pouring over our TREMENDOUS Northern and WINNING Southern borders in heaps. Standing room only!


Happy Easter @GovMikeHuckabee hope you had a great day.
How aprapo... Compassion, nah. Love, nah. Take care of one another? Nah. God won't hold it against u for being a jerk... Yup!
Happy Easter to you and yours. Lovely grandkids.
This must include the POTUS also then.    Must be sending it as a message to him.   Huh Huck?
Got to Mass 30 minutes before it started.. Very few of the 500 seats left.
And they let u in Mikey ???
Amen Brother
No trump in church though.. Is he fucking porn stars without rubbers behind his wife's back again?
GOD BLESS you and your family and the USA and MAGA
No one is able to #Express the #Beauty of today and #LayAside the #Hate in our world, like you Governor Huckabee. My brother #Who has left this world, I pray for #HeavensGlory, was the #First person I ever heard mention you Name! God Bless you Sir! In Jesus Name. Amen ..
Happy Easter

it's a good sign when more people show up for church, than can be accommodated. too bad it isn't that way every Sabbath. i'd love to see a complete reformation of protestant Christianity, including worshipping on the true Sabbath, and reject false Sabbath put forth by vatican
Same at our church this morning.  So special to celebrate the resurrection with SRO crowds of wonderful Christians.
HAPPY EASTER TO U & FAMILY!!
Love this message! Also, I hope your Easter eggs give you salmonella!
#FakeChristian
It's such a blessing to know that your large, adult son can torture animals with impunity.

Wow Russians are good at graphic design.
Happy Easter to you and your family
Hope you made a lot of money
Happy Easter
Well we know someone who wasn’t.
Reminds us of the freedom we still have! #Jesus and just like He said
ALL things are possible thru Him!
CHURCH has nothing 2do with True Christian. TRUE CHRISTIAN NEVER preach hate asu do to minorities and those who ask for help such as immigrants. I HOPE on this #easter day people like u think What #Jesus do to u and #GOP er, if he ever come back to earth. #ChristiansAgainstTrump
Thou shalt not use the Lord's name for political purposes. This is the lamb of God.
It is NOT polical purpose. I am travelling on #easter day on my job. I paid 50k tax last weel on #IRS filing. I never asked anything but pig like @GovMikeHuckabee  use Jesus to carve his shitty hate. Is he ever know the true #jesus was a brown palastinan ??
Your family kill or make light of the death of any dogs lately Mike?
Thank you, sir.  I really needed to hear that today!  God bless you, and your family!
Revelation 21:3-6
"And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, "Look! God's dwelling place is now among the people, and he will dwell with them. They will be his people, and God himself will be with them and be their God.He will wipe every tear from their eyes."
"There will be no more death' or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away." He who was seated on the throne said, "I am making everything new!" Then he said, "Write this down, for these words are trustworthy and true." He said to me: "It is done."
"...I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To the thirsty I will give water without cost from the spring of the water of life."
Is it a Pretentious/Fake Christian Church of  Republicans?
All those Chreasters showing up like sinners...nice.
After Today I Will diet eat vegetables and fruits and nuts. 
WOW! I love to hear that!!!! Lets make church great again! I remember how packed the Catholic church was as a child. I am a born again Christian now since 2013 or earlier... actually, twice born!!! It's an amazing journey! God Bless you and Happy Easter to you and yours!
Have a Blessed evening sir. 
At least these comments about his dog murdering son are getting more subtle
Happy Easter
Nothing you (or your daughter) say or advocate in any way resembles the teachings of the Christian bible. Stop pretending.
It's loathsome.
And yours too!
Happy Easter!
HEY MIKE,, SO THEY THAT OLD TRUMP IS GOING TO GET RID OF SARAH AND CHIEF OF STAFF. WILL SHE STILL GO TO PRISON FOR OBSTRUCTION?..@realDonaldTrump @GOP
Happy Easter to you and your wonderful family x
White evangelicals has taken. Christam Values to a new low.  This akin tithe Slave owners using the bible to justify Slavery.
Your annual reminder that the leaders of 2018 still actually believe this. Well played, Constantine I.
What business is it of yours what anyone believes? If you were so sure of your own beliefs then it shouldn't bother you.
It bothers me when leaders believe it because they dictate policy based on it...
Crowded when godless people attend Easter service. Hope you gave your seat to a real Christian.
Obviously not to you then!
Love your grandkids!  Forgiveness for what they could do to your house WOULD take real love (I have two grandkids). Thank you for your Easter comments.

That's why the infamous Blue Wave ain't.



Happy Easter to you and your family!
#BoycottRoseanne
you should always leave early to get to Church on Easter in case they moved it since Christmas
You too Governor.. #HappyEaster 
Did you happen to see @realDonaldTrump ?  Or is he still out on the back 9?
he’s on the back 9 still..
What a beautiful family! Happy Easter!
Suck shit heretic!@PressSec #pete  #RAZORBACK SSSSSOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!!
I heard you wouldn’t get out of the doorway. sad!

#HappyEaster #Easter #EasterSunday #Risen #JesusChrist 
#ThankYouJesus 
