@PressSec
Second - No vote totals were changed .

https://m.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10210376762918279&id=1318961073&set=a.1127848359268.2020293.1318961073&source=43 …
Yeah that's why Rosenstein had to sign off of the warrant application dotard.
Firing Mueller IS weaponizing the federal government. Mueller has not broken any laws in his investigation. He has found and uncovered a lot of crimes and corruption though. 

What's a matter? Afraid he might find a Skelton of yours?
#WeThepeople  need protection from the nasty  dirty lying  Politicians trying to take out our beloved  @POTUS
Governor,  please remind America we need to pray for our President like we prayed during the election. He's made a lot of devils angry. How dare he touch their sacrificial abortions? How dare he honor God? 
We love @realDonaldTrump and are praying for him!
Did he accept god before or after Stormy Daniels?
Senators should be protecting Americans from illegals & all nut jobs from California
Mueller didn't raid Cohen's office. You guys have changed the facts to support Trump's claims of witch hunt & it's dishonest and disrespectful to American patriots in order to support a fraudulent, lying, and adulterous traitor - the one for whom your daughter lies to Americans.
Mueller has completed his work, he found no collusion,run him off,get rid of him,& yes fire him, there’s no reason to keep this less than stellar individual,he’s wasted millions of dollars.
What part of "they got a warrant" don't you understand?
Looks like a warrant can be shopped like a can of soup at the grocery store.
Goodnight, comrade.
What part of having consensual sex is related to the Russians? That's what this was supposed to be about Russian collusion. They can't find any so they start looking for other things, nah. That's not how this works.
You are conflating separate issues.  If you recall, the Clinton investigation began with Whitewater, ended with Lewinsky.  Same thing here.  Or does it only matter if it's a Dem who is being investigated?
He won't lie under oath with abandon like Clinton did. Clinton wasn't impeached for his Lewinsky.
He lies every day. Clinton was impeached, but not convicted, for lying about Lewinsky. There isn't a scenario where trump doesn't lie.  Lewinsky was NOT related to Whitewater, but it was discovered during the process. That's how investigations work in the real world.
Well, it looks like Crooked Donald might have a crooked lawyer. Where's VP Pence these days?  #TrumpCrimeFamily #LawAndOrder #AccessHollywood
Boy, are you going to look stupid when they unseal the indictment against Cohen. He's going to jail and you're defending him.
Zilch to do with collusion. U do not get to search for a crime.
You know zero about the US legal system. Pull your head out of your ass and read up on the process.
If there’s no crime of collusion, why not go look for anything and everything to find a crime or even make it look like one! Don’t worry about other people heads or ass, you don’t have anymore facts then they do!
Feel free to read the order.

"(i) any links and/or coordination bet ween the Russian government and individuals
associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump; and
(ii) any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation; and
(iii) any other matters
Still a which hunt! If there was collusion it would of been found by now, let them look, maybe they can get him on a parking ticket? Don’t mind that Hillary sold 20 Uranium to Russia and Mueller was involved with that!
You and I have no idea what evidence has been discovered. The fact that we are ignorant DOESN"T mean nothing has been found.

Try to understand that complex cases take time to investigate.

Hillary sold no uranium. A Canadian company sold mines to a Russian company. State was one
Don't bother. She's a right-wing moron.
Retweet this if you believe in America!
2.8 Million Children Have a Parent Incarcerated 

C.O.P.I.N.G Funds activities for children of incarcerated 

http://www.theyarecoping.org 
william@theyarecoping.org
Trump should put a restraining order on mueller and company that would shut it down immediately.
Better clean the swamp ... this is a rediculous club for adult men and fear should not be one thought as one President said Buck stops Here .. throw out the liars and attackers on Trump and Country and then give a Speech on why = Truth
Donnie cannot fire the ppl who  are investigating him. To do so will create a crisis. For you to say otherwise means you choose Donnie over country.
Zilch to do with collusion.  U don't get to search for a crime.  Maybe your better suited for Venezuela.
You don't seem to understand anything.
@realDonaldTrump should fire,  Mueller,  Sessions and Ray,  the entire FBI needs replacing at the top
It was all replaced..... by trump lmao
Remember our president is the only one in the line of 44 others before him who hasn't disclosed his tax returns. Before you go, but the people still voted for him, let me remind you the majority didn't.
Also if your explanation for the events concludes with the entire world is wrong, but Trump. Maybe your conclusion is wrong
Where is the bill to protect innocent Americans? We have enough lawyers in the  world and now government won't  even protect them and their client. What a joke.
You try that, & you will face the anger of”We the People!!” Make no mistake, I almost feel sorry for you!! You need to be diligently working to protect “We the People” from those who use Stalin & KGB-like tactics on “We the People!”.......ROBERT MUELLER!!
Their duty isn’t to protect people from their own criminal acts. If you’d paid attention as governor you would know this.
Any chance the people who keep standing up for Mueller and Rosenstein, are covering their own behinds in some personal level of involvement. ...
Wasn’t the raid signed off by republicans? It can’t be unreasonable search if they got a warrant?
U do realize there are a lot of Republicans in the justice dept that don't want an "outsider" in the WH exposing all their dirt, right??
I'm guessing Trump is the outsider you are referring to? If so, who is to blame for getting that outsider in?
That is a complete disgrace for those Senators to do that. Leave it to Graham & these Trump haters. I’m so sick of the harassment & lack of support our President is getting & often from his own Party. They’d act totally different if it was Obama.
Fuck your crooked lying ass President. If he did wrong, he’s NOT above the LAW, he will pay for it... if he didn’t, let Mueller to his job and prove it one way or the other. 7 out of 10 want Mueller protected and he will be.
Yeah, they won't protect us with a wall, but they'll build a legislative wall around Mueller.
A wall won't protect you. You fucking half-wit
lol.   then why do we have walls on houses or fences on yards?  Have a nice day sir.
You fail to understand that tunnels exist or that most illegal immigration is people overstaying their visas. Maybe educate yourself on the subject. You seem pretty dumb.
People defeat residential doors and locks, yet we still have them.  They still protect us.  Certainly, walls won't deal with overstaying visas, but we have other laws to address that, so that is a straw-man argument, my friend.  Have a good day, sir.  #BuildTheWallNow
And they are putting things underground to stop them no worries  !!!
The wall isnt getting built soooooo..
lol.  When the left can't win on facts they go to insults.  The wall is effective in areas it has been built.  It works in Hungary.  It works in South Korea.  Mexico has a darn good fence/ wall on its southern border...if the idea is so bad, tell that to the Mexican government
@LindseyGrahamSC needs to be voted out of office... he’s a traitor to the GOP and the Americans that voted to put @realDonaldTrump into office as the President of the United States - 

FIRE MUELLER & ROD ROSENSTEIN 

@LindseyGrahamSC ought to be ashamed of himself !
@GovMikeHuckabee if You and your fellow comrades don’t do something to stop this insane witch hunt- America is done. It’s time to stop taking and do something.
I can not believe that Govt. Workers Dems and Repub.going against their President stabbing him in back and Protecting a Corrupt MonsterInvestigation Russian Collusion..No Russian Collusion end of Investigation. Anything else Witch Hunt clear to me Mueller going after President
These senators are trying to remove all power from POTUS in order to satisfy their own agendas.
Hey RINOS we are watching you!
Congress doesn't have the guts to cut off Muellers funding. He is flagrantly wasting Taxpayers money. Enough already
Yes Giv. , as usual you’re spot on...
Those SOB’s!
Amen Governor!
There is already a law that prevents this on the book! This is more media, liberal ,stir the pot, to keep people upset, diverted from the real agenda. If you're disruptive nothing being done by Congress is not noticed. They're getting paid to keep people upset,not doing anything

Chihuahua AG Sessions under skilled and 
Weak Wray Bush hack a disgrace 
Hire Dershowitz for AG solve constitutional crisis restore rule of law
looks like someone heeded the call of Trump to watch Hannity last night. Good boi...
You won’t learn anything from #MadCowMaddow tabloid.  consuming less #FakeNews will make you smarter
smarter how? If I say "please", will you say something smart that will blow us away? We need proof!!
please pretty please???
I couldn’t agree more
@Scotttaylorva @RepStevenSmith @mike_pence   Fire Mueller.  Protecting this unconstitutional witch hunt is ludicrous. Stop wasting our money.
Please, let's fire these Senators. They are deepstate swampers.
That move in and of itself shows Mueller is corrupt and needs to be investigated himself!!!
Lmfao no
I believe Graham is in early onset Alzheimer's. Some days he makes perfect, logical sense. Most days he seems to just pull boogers out of his nose, put them in a tea cup, and depending on what he "sees" goes out and spews insanity.
I'd like them to protect us taxpayers & question how much of our money is being spent on this witch hunt! They're ignoring @JudicialWatch FOIA & lawsuit
What I fail to understand is WHY are the Republicans not up in arms about Mueller and the miss treatment of our President. The Democrats come busting through the doors to fight and Republicans Cower behind the door. I am so disappointed in the Republicans . MAGA
Maybe because the Republicans feel morally inferior in this fight.
What has happened to our constitution ?  Protecting Mueller? How about protecting citizens from people like Mueller who are violating our rights? Dirty @SenateDems  are behind this & MUST be voted out 2018-2020
Who’s rights were violated? Do tell
You have no education or a  totally wasted education. Either way responding to you would be wasting mine. You poor lady.
Lol! That’s what you got? Then I tell you what... don’t waste your time by tweeting me smart ass.
Now I know this country doesn’t want to protect the constitution. If they want to protect mueller they are barking up the wrong tree, they should protect the President
The text of the 4th amendment is readily available online.  Have a look
Americans WATCHthese abusers of power WHAT THEY ARE DOING TO OUR PRESIDENT THEY ARE DOING TO ALL OF US
Nope not happening to me I’m sorry. My kids always tell me it’s not fair when I catch them doing something wrong. Mostly because they got caught. Just saying
Yeah typical supporter of lies I don’t put my kids in politics because I know now more than ever how corrupt and disgraful are the POLITITIANS. TRUTH=GOD is coming for all that bunch of abusers of power
I agree... he will definitely start with 44.5 on down! Crooked ass
keep dreaming Resist???? And WATCH??But you cannot you are dreaming you dreaming
We will see who’s dreaming come November. That will just be the start.
Of course you will keep dreaming and that is the reason your corrupt Clinton lost the election that is the reason you are not happy like me
Why are they not drafting legislation to protect @POTUS from rogue agents and a previous administration s power to target candidates they don’t like?
So you rather dog a man that as defended this country all of his career... was there for 9/11 against a p grabbing draft dodging porn star fucking wife cheating pathological narcissistic racist bigot. You’re just as pitiful as he is.
Apparently you aren't actually familiar with Mueller's past.  He's not an angel like reported by the likes of FakenewsCNN. @CNN  #fakenews
You know what I could tell you some shit about Mueller that would make you want to slap the fuck out of Hannity for every lying disgusting thing that comes out of his mouth about Robert Mueller & everyone else. However since you’re a bot. I won’t waste my time.
Mueller didn’t conduct the search; the D.O.J. And F.B.I. did. Although it doesn’t surprise me that you don’t know the difference, it’s sad nonetheless.
Now we see where Sarah gets it from.   Must be something biological, both their eyes are too close together.    Respectfully, hill bill heart throb
True, Mike, BUT their ONLY interest is to protect the corrupt establishment from a 'table overturning" outsider, and of course, mueller is one of them. Between House&senate, There are "maybe" 50 honest members.
They are staying with  a pre-plan plan
The President of the United States is obstructing justice and taunting foreign powers on Twitter. You have no business talking about real citizens when you're leaving in your Trump messiah fantasy land.
You & your entire party got caught!!
YOU can run but you won't be able to hide from this one.
Make as much  as you can. Attorneys are EXPENSIVE!! So is corruption.
#OwnIt
And by “bipartisan Senators”, they mean “resisting.deep-staters “ in fear of being “Paul Ryaned” out of a job...carry on
Hey Mike when you get your law degree you're welcome to come to the table of adults for a conversation. Until then take your holier than thou opinions to the kiddie table where they belong. You definitely didn't think this post through. #NotWellThoughtOut
They do that the people will revolt and replace all who vote for this charade
Exactly Govenor Huckabee...the swamp is deeper than even the most jaded of us imagined.
It’s sad the nation is going to hell in a hand basket thanks to the liberal onslaught.
I agree 100%
@sengraham2016 where is your outrage over the raiding of Trumps lawyer. #LawyerClientprivilage
There he is again Sen.Graham with his Rino Axe to grind for McCain...and his own butt-hurt feelings. Drain the Swamp!
Oh so sorry...Golden Rule, right?!
Sir, #Congress is 1 of our greatest problems -- on many fronts
@LindseyGrahamSC is a RINO opportunist and enemy of #WeThePeople
Amendment IV & VI.   And I absolutely agree that President Trump should fire Mueller, it should end now since there's no Trump-Russia collusion.  #UraniumOne #dossier
Our constitution was not established to protect the establishment. Insanity reigns in DC
Trump is not going to fire Mueller. What does worry me is this raid on Cohen. I believe it has an adverse effect on attorney client privilege. I believe it could be bad for all of us in the future.
I just don’t understand all the supporting of Muellar and his “witch hunt”.
Huckabee, your behavior is shameful.

"If we claim to have fellowship with him and yet walk in the darkness, we lie and do not live out the truth."  1 John 1:6
Warrants are being obtained; no violation of due process has occurred. Quit stirring the pot.
Clean house!!  Time for an old fashioned purge at DOJ and FBI!!!  Maybe transferring malcontents to Alaska or Samoa will have a purgitive effect!!
Well obviously if you’re not a liberal leftist or Democratic puppets or establishment rhinoYou’d think would step up and finally say enough  Americans want the real criminals to be exposed and prosecuted 
@LindseyGrahamSC needs to be schooled - thoroughly and often. He and may other Republicans are idiots and part of the swamp and needs to be gone.
Yes it is
WHY ?? LOL
Mike..... We need you back !
I would think you'd want to know the truth about your President. There was no unreasonable search and seizure.  Everything was approved by judges APPOINTED BY TRUMP. Gosh you just can't buy a good government these days, can you? Cohen would have destroyed evidence.
South Carolina, when it comes time for election of this asshats seat. Please elect someone that supports our #potus. Thank you.
If the goal was to prove Russian collusion and now we’re at the point that the investigation is just going after anyone in Trumps team for anything . Then it’s time to fire him.
Police state !!!!!!
They are not protecting Mueller, They are protecting Obama admin's lawlesness.i.e.Fussion Dosiee, FISA,Uranium Hillary Emails,Texts,DOJ,FBI  top officials, +..
Do they think ppl are dumb?
#MAGA
Dear South Carolina!! Please remove this Swamp Creature!! Thanks!!
The blind leading the deaf and dumb.
Why doesn't @realDonaldTrump just #pardoneveryone including himself for anything NOT related to imaginary #RussianCollusion & call it a day. It would cause the left to lose their collectivist minds PLUS make the witch hunt moot. #doublewin
All Senators calling for the protection of Mueller MUST be voted out. Quickly.
How can people be so blind to democrat corruption. Bless their hearts, they are so sick.
POTUS Trump —This is nonsense!!  FIRE MUELLER NOW!!! Rosenstein and Wray need to follow.  Clean out this snake nest. This is why you were elected.
What’s Mueller’s 4 corners of investigation? Congress says they don’t know Huckabee you should have watched #Hannity #Dershowitz said otherwise when he weighed in Huckabee not legal scholar
Lindsey Graham isn’t much of a senator. Muller should have been fired a long time ago
Fire Mueller and Rosenstein.
COMPLICIT!!
Good luck with that. I would like to see the vote tally when it's done on who votes yes and no....just curious for a friend...
You’ve been crying “Lock her up” for two years now about Hillary, but all of a sudden you’re concerned about due process? The entire country can see through your hypocrisy. You think you’re fooling your God?
What is wrong with these Senators?
Just the idea that Mueller needs protection is a joke. Why is the president not protected from these biased and partisan bullies. They should all be fired. Starting with Rosenstein. How does Sessions let this happen?
If, republicans support Mueller and the democrats in this stupidity, they are toast.
No way on earth should this bill pass. Mueller should be Fired!
I’d like to learn more about the judge who signed the Search and Seizure’ warrant that allowed the CORRUPT FBI to break down the door at 6am of Trumps lawyer. Wake up folks...there are many dirty corrupt Trump hating judges out there.
It seems to be us against them. They all want to save their behinds while roasting ours. Thomas Jefferson really predicted the future.
Rino’s who hate the President.
It’s now an open revolt.  Time to wall up DC ala the movie “Escape from New York City” and send in Snake Pliskin in to rescue The President.
Any @GOP senator who supports blocking @POTUS from firing Mueller is not only a RINO, Never Trumper but absolutely reveals they work for Deep State. 

Drain the swamp #MAGA
slurp slurp mike, you know you want it.
Yes!
This is why the country going to hell because the citizen doesn’t have the gut to tell those ppl they elect “that’s enough”
What’s unreasonable about a Fed court ok’ing an FBI warrant?
Funny how you never came to the defense of Bill Clinton, your fellow Arkansan, during Ken Starr's years-long investigation. Mueller is conducting a normal investigation, just as many other independent counsels have done during previous administrations.
And @LindseyGrahamSC is pathetic! No supporter of Trump! Will be day for celebrating when he is GONE!!!!!
His butt buddy John McCain controls EVERTHING he says and does. Only brain dead liberals believe this drama queen.
It was not unreasonable according to the judge
If you think they work for you you are part of the problem 
Get a grip Mike. Are you really that clueless?
All these ones who are trying to keep Muller from being fired have something to hide. They have dirt they are trying desperately to keep hidden.
Totally agree
Exactly what was Unreasonable about special counsel rightfully referring to a republican led justice and sdny system to pursue criminal wrongdoing?  What’s wrong is breaking the law and thinking that position and power shields you from consequence
The only thing the Liberals are focusing on is their own agenda no matter who or what it affects.
What unreasonable search?
Billshit
How many of those senators are still going to be around after the next 10 days?
Didn’t Sen. Graham state, “Trump would never be elected a president?”  Graham didn’t like Trump during the campaign and probably doesn’t like him now...  I see Mueller as going beyond his boundaries to try and get Trump on Russian collusion..
How do you know the search was unreasonable?  Way to condemn/debase our institutions.  You used to be respected.  Now, you have put politics over God’s word.  Good luck with that Mike.  
#HippocriteHuckabee
They do hate him, especially Lindsay

Wow. You’ve lost it man. How in the world do you know it was an “unreasonable search and seizure”? Did you see the evidence on a search warrant that cause multiple Republicans & a judge to sign off on? The answer is no.
Mueller wants to be fired so he can walk away with his tail between his legs.  Over 300 days and nothing on collussion - WHICH ISN'T A CRIME!  What the hell is the UGE waste of money for?
So true they waste more time trying to protect mueller when the American citizens elected them to protect our interests! This is the second time they’ve gone to this extent it’s ridiculous! Do your job!
Very funny Mr. Huckabee, good to see that your sense of humor isn't suffering.
IT'S TIME TO.....
They’re the swamp! And they’re self draining!!
The #RINO s and DC Swamp smell blood ... just like two years ago.. the Phoenix will rise from the ashes and you will all be destroyed you cowardly little men protecting your dirt ... @WeKnow #FightBack #DCCorruption #Graham the Judas of the #Senate #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp
This is one of the idiots that is part of the problem
The inconvenient truth here is that it was a lawful search, signed off on by a Trump appointed GOP judge. All T's were crossed & I's dotted on this one. So you can stop all the bullshit fear porn, you useless sack.
Protecting Mueller Here’s just a Few of Mueller Cover a Up’s and Lie’s ! Boston 4 innocent men sentenced for Murder 2 Died Prison =100million Settlement . 9/11 Covered Up financiers who aided the hijackers Sarasota Fl and San Diego Ca. Anthrax B.S. Cover up 5.8 cash settlement !
They just want to allow the witch hunt to continue!!
This is a Disgrace. As you pointed out, they should be more concerned about illegal search and seizure.
The mock outrage of dishonest pseudo Christians bigots like you means nothing. It was a legal search because of criminal acts committed by Michael Cohen in service of Donald Trump.
"Bi-Partisan?" Don't think so! These are all DEMS!
I feel like most of us are STUNNED at the level of corruption in these people! By that we mean we’ve never seen how deep this crap goes until they showed their cards in trying to get D Trump out! Can’t trust them ever again!
Agreed!!
When will the @GOP protect there citizens?
What a surprise weasel Graham wants to help Schumer protect Muller what are you people scared of getting out your deep state secrets probably
They are really screwed up . They want him gone . They are the constitutional crisis . No more tax dollars go after the real criminals .
Please finding someone who Love Peace America first, and equal and fair both for USA. and safety
Pffffffffttttttt
Lindsey should be Democrat Minority Leader.
This is BS legislature....how about investigate Mueller for Russian collusion selling 25% of our uranium to Russia.....let's let the true guilty ones investigate the ones that have done nothing more but have a different view on running this country.
Spot on Mike
Exactly
What part of the constitution don't you understand, i guess all of it, attorney client  privilege is one of our rights under the law.
The government is attempting to turn this into a coup...it becomes more and more obvious every day. Trump doesn't play by "their" rules, and it scares the shit out of career politicians.
I reached the opinion a few years ago that Sen. Graham & Sen. McCain among other Reps. are knee deep in the "Deep State" sewage pit! Constantly working to keep USA in State of War! Time to drain the Swamp and remove the crap!
Cunning yon lean and hungry Paul Ryan is not retiring but has the idea that he can become POTUS by taking credit for Trump’s accomplishments and criticizing TRUMP for what the liberals and his fellow RINOS are unhappy about.
Graham needs to leave with his buddy McCain and rest of Rino's!
Lindsey Graham is a RINO-POS!!!
What if it wasn’t unlawful?
"Politicized and weaponized federal government... in other words: the Obama Era! #worstpresidentever
Absolutely, they have forgotten.. they work for us!
They are worried they will be next.
What are these senators really trying to do?
I know and all that needless hassle they had to go through to get the warrant. Having to prove a criminal act had taken place, getting Rods approval, having to convince all these Trump approved Judges.  

Paul Ryan recognises that the house of cards is falling but U still don’t
Democrats always seem like their duty is to tell everyone else what their duty is.
This is BS!  Looks like we are a Banana Republic after all!  Shame on them
Graham, you will never be President so stop showing your blind ambition by surreptitiously attacking our current President Trump!
You guys needed to get behind our President.
Let’s raid obama & clintons attorneys homes & offices. We’d probably literally find skeletons in those closets. Pandora’s box has been opened. The genie is out of the bottle.
In a word thats shameful, although not surprising coming from the authors of the legislation.
Not when the lawyer and client have conspired to break the law
If you ever wondered what somebody who is on the ring side of history looks like, take a look in the mirror. The DOJ and the FREE PRESS are the only thing,  THE ONLY THING, separating us and a tin-horn dictatorship right now. You should be ashamed! Grow a spine and stand for USA!
Time to drain the swamp!
Good insight, comrade.

Look! It's Lil' Lyndsey Grahamnesty!
Wherever there's a pile of poo, there he is!
What political party is Mueller a member of again?
A lot of these folks need to be relocated to funny farms because they’re a bunch of unfunny jokes!
TDS is strong with some.
Why yet don’t protect their leader???? No protection for Mueller he’s out of control a danger to citizens @4everconstant @MagniFieri @replouiegohmert @RepMattGaetz @Jim_Jordan @DevinNunes @RepGoodlatte @jasoninthehouse @SebGorka @LouDobbs @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @
Several Republican Establishment senators like Graham, Tillis, McCain, and McConnell are on their final term!
Thank God for Twitter block feature so I can block your pompous mouth. You sound like a whiney baby. 
And your “daughter” still looks like she had a bad sex change. Was her birth name “Steven”?
@USANEWS007 @POTUSwe should be angrier at the prospect of this continuing, than perceived backlash over firing Mueller.
Then Fire his butt seconds before the vote.  Honestly I think the foul swamp wants Trump to fire him.  I say do it anyway.  But it is serving a political purpose. It continues to show just how lopsided justice is.
Governor do you believe they will listen to we the ppl. They are only interested in is grandstanding and pleasing their special interests.
@FoxNews  There is no need, but POS Lindsey Graham is right in the middle of stupid again.  Cory Booker is no surprise, Tillis WTF?
Thank you Mr Huckabee!
I am sick of Lindsay Graham.  You can rest assured, if he is part of anything, he is NOT helping the ppl, he is helping the Dems by acting like aRepublican.
I'm hoping everyday we start to see some collusion with Russia to fix the war in the middle east ,screw Mueller & the left ,we need solutions ,bring the guilty to a firing squad that created this chaos across the world , 
Why SC?? Why?!!
