Regarding my interview with Variety, my comments have been twisted by some outlets.  As you can plainly see, I'm not referring to Trump supporters. I am talking about people who threaten journalists. Links to transcript and video below. …
Huckabee's daughter grossly disrespects journalists on a near-daily basis, hurling direct personal insults and casting aspersions on their entire profession in an unprecedented attack on the Bill of Rights from any WH @PressSec. History won't judge the Huckabees kindly.
The "journalists" you refer to are nothing more than talking heads with a liberal agenda. Respect is earned not given.
Go away troll.
P.S.  As a retired military officer, I consider Trump-supporting fascist, racist, alt-right hicks such as yourself to be an embarrassment to the uniform you claim to have once worn.
We are all using our real names.  What about you? I see nothing but a mouthy coward making unsubstantiated claims about himself while hiding behind a parody account.
I see a low-info, Faux News-watching, racist, nativist, ignorant Breitbart tool.... that's you, dude.
Hey man, your Mommy said clean up the basement or find somewhere else to live.
I was just thinking the same thing after watching your daughters clip of the press conference from earlier #ProudFather
Lol
Please people are so busy with their -8 news there’s so much good news out there if they were someone was reporting on it they would get a Pulitzer. What a missed opportunity because of their hatred
BOT who doesn’t know English - reported and blocked
LOSER acosta!!!
Jim Acosta should run scared, right along with April ryan.
My favorite was the other morning when President Trump said to him  “ That was a stupid question!” 
He really does believe the American people are that stupid. Anything to create violence (the news)
did you object when at a SOTU speech, a republican shouted "you lie" to the then President? consistency or hypocrisy.
Acosta loves the taste of his own shoe leather, low iq hack.
OUR TWO CENTS.  GOD BLESS @MUMBLIT_SMN  http://www.mumblit.com 
@cnnbrk Acosta  Crys like a Ex Girlfriend who is a crazy bat sh t crazy  we need Adults  not Elite Privilege
Acosta needs the help that comes from professionals.
Too bad we didn't have a stupid exam for citizenship. Just think we could Deport all the stupid people to Mexico.lolol0
I’ve taught this very thing to my kids from an early age...you have to give respect to get respect, be respectful! BUT, don’t allow yourself to be bullied either. Your daughter is a great example of this! Just love Sarah, such an inspiration!
So is the press responsible for Steve when he got shot
He asked the mean girl tough questions now daddy is coming to the rescue. Should have done that for Duggar girls
Acosta is tasked with the duty of asking the tuff questions that hold our government accountable. If you want lock step news you all have Foxy Friends on State TV.
Whiny bully is too nice a term for Acosta, let's come up with a new term for this vile little man
Well we learn from our leaders- Trump is the biggest bully
He's not after respect or any other virtue such as credibility, integrity,...
I find it interesting that I was able to like your post that Twitter gave me an error msg on, that it was deleted. Yet there it is, with my like sticking to it. Gotta love Shadow Banning, throttling and censorship of opinions and posts of conservatives. SMH
Jimmy whiny Acosta.Poor little boy is being mistreated by big, bad Sarah Huckabee! What a twit.
Acosta's behaviour is like a snivelling venom dribbling alien creature who thinks he can railroad @PressSec but she's one tough nut who brushes him aside like an annoying mosquito - that's truly remarkable! Kudos to her!
So called journalists that report utter nonsense based on mythical sources shouldn’t be surprised by the public response to said journalists comments
Your daughter is in a tough job, serving as a wall of defense to Trump.She dances on charcoals and you know that her act does not always convey the facts or truth from POTUS. Acosta holds her feet to the fire publicly and she doesn’t like it.Truth and respect are not equivalents
Have you ever considered that @Acosta 's bra straps are digging in to his shoulders and that makes him cranky?
You’re God Damn right it’s his 1st am right. Awww, does it give your little girl a sad when the press asks her a question? Get another job then. You’re nothing more than the soccer mom who kisses the coach’s ass to make sure your kid gets more playing time.
His words were taken exactly as he said them. Once again he is trying to spread fake news.
Mr Acosta please show us where the attacks came from ! maybe in your head but not any thing out in the open !
Acosta is like a bully on the playground. He enjoys his First Amendment rights to spew and write the most vile and sometimes ridiculous garbage, but then cries like a baby when the POTUS or Sara push back. It has to go both ways.
He is daughter of not having all her faculties I’ve never listen to anyone who has it so together as she does and she even injects humor at times which is more than the other press secretaries did. I just love it when she goes after those reporters during the press reviews
your daughter ROCKS...... she deserves a purple heart or something for putting up with the lamestream...I think they should have assigned seating and put the morons in the back...kick them out when they misbehave
If you get attacked , good luck, but you made your bed now lie in it. Literally
We hear you every day with no real questions to ask just a deranged statement to further degrade our President, all you fake news has created this toxic media bias , how much has your lies hurt the deplorables? Or Trump? Have we been violently attacked by your lies? Yes
Acosta is a butthead. @Snitfit @anntensity
Awwwww does @JimAcosta need a safe space?? Does he feel hurt?
BS you are arrogant hateful person who deliberately insulted anyone who voted for Trump. Apology not accepted.
Respect is earned. After and only after you gain someone’s trust.
Another so called journalist with a liberal agenda and a poor me boo hoo mentality. Sad to think that this is what CNN wants. Then again the fact that they are they lowest rated cable news organization that keeps the same "talent" around speaks to exactly what their agenda is.
Acosta is disrespectful because he can't get Sarah to answer questions the way he wants them to be answered.  He's not very smart, Sarah is.  Bless his heart.
He sounds like he is going to start a Facebook video holding up cards with words because he feels so bullied by the boogie men he puts in his own head.  Trump voters aren't as dumb as he sounds.
I am glad for idiots like @Acosta. They show the world that liberals are totally useless! I applaud @PressSec for putting Acosta in his place!!
Main Stream media so called journalists are hurting themselves and their reputations on their own. They will continue their slide into obscurity as people get tired of listening to the journalist who called wolf followed by the ever favorite the sky is falling.
What goes around comes around.
You don’t seem too concerned about the threats against our President from your Hollywood creeps and hack politicians!!!!
Gov, Liberals live by a different set of rules. They believe they have 1st Amendment rights, but Conservatives do not. You can be refused service for wearing a MAGA hat, but lose your business for denying to make a cake for a gay couple.
I read his statement. He is clearly referring to Trump supporters as not having all their faculties and their elevators don’t go all the way to the top. Nice guy. 
why is there no petition to get the comedy news out of airports?
Fake pseudo rude reporter
Couldn’t have said it better. Fake news journos get what they deserve 1 A or no 1A.
Nice try
Well , you should be an EXPERT on TWISTED  journalism   cry  to someone that Cares 
Just kick him out!! Replace him!! You guys ate stupid. JUST DO IT!!!!
@Acosta 
It’s the way you ask questions. Look back the way you adoringly question Obama, to how you condescendingly/dripping w/contempt, question this admin.
Plus y’re biased & only run negative stories of Trump & give Dems pass. 
It’s not journalism!
If Acosta thinks a journalist is going to get hurt then he is certainly safe because he is definitely not one.
Jim needs to realize that he can’t behave in the manner he has been and get treated with respect. When he constantly disrespects POTUS and FLOTUS it creates hard feelings towards him from all. He has to make the change and if something happens to him it’s his fault. #USFirst
Right....your done
Don’t think so, Mr. Acosta!
Acosta rude pos
He is always crying poor me. .   
It’s time to ban Acosta from White House and CNN if they font replace Acosta.

You are correct! Acosta is a big cry baby! Always whining about nothing! I sure wish he would retire!
He should be banned from WH Briefings because of his disrespectful manner of shouting. He is a moron, journalist, NO!
If POTUS and press secretary want respect? They can’t keep lying to the American people on a daily basis.
Oh, please!!!! Remember when Presidents had the guts to do interviews with the press instead of rambling tweets from his bed without anyone to call bullsh*t until after the fact?? Tell your buddy @realdonaldtrump & daughter @presssec they need to EARN respect!!
I don't believe Trump supporters are bad to journalists, we haven't seen any in a long time. All we have are jake news reporters, who haven't a clue what's correct and what isn't. God save our country.
Tell him Gov!
Acosta is rude , disrespectful, uninformed & a lousy journalist. He is just trying to make a name for himself. Unfortunately it’s whiner! Keep him in his place @PresSec! Go Sarah!
#DimJim total #Moron!
Jim who?
Acosta truly a Socialist commie liberal Democrat liar lies media
You're a carnival barker
When Sarah smacks down Acosta my heart swells with admiration. I love @PressSec
At this point, Jim, it doesn’t matter You have already stated your opinion and shown your liberal behind to everyone Trying to appease Trump supporters makes you even more disgusting
Because of Acosta’s and others propaganda- many Americans have been at risk for physical harm. Remember that girl that was attacked  by black lives matter protesters for wearing a trump hat? Acosta
Seriously- man up. If you can take it- don’t dish it out
You are so right.
You my friend, and that Pig daughter should leave the USA and drag that cock swallowing dirt bad #FuckingMoron with you freaks.
Msm IDIOTS
Often we see faults in others because we have the same faults. Psychology calls it the defense mechanism of projecting. Christianity calls it the sin of self righteousness (Ye without sin cast the first stone) in Buddhism it's the unconscious self, asleep to our own faults.
And you are always disrespectful to anybody with a differing view.
He should be removed from the front row and place the AMERICAN FLAG OVER HIS EMPTY SEAT. Maybe he’ll learn some RESPECT.
Acosta is a rude piece of garbage always interrupting
More “objective “ than I would be regarding my daughter. God Bless you. @PressSec never ceases to amaze me. And I can’t imagine how hard it is for you to stand down.
Acosta is a bully!! And a cry baby!!
There are no journalists in CNN or MSNBC they are bunch of activists and grossipers. They thrilled on faked news. 
They are living zombies with no brain.
Gov Huckabee, you’re only too kind in your assessment of Acosta! I can say a lot worse, but I’m working hard to not curse!
Acosta is a dirtbag
Feel free to pull Acosta's White House  press pass
She lied. There's proof. Sorry.
Maybe he should split a lawyer with them?
He is half baked.
Full Of Crap
Trump Derangement Syndrome...
Nice try
Sarah Huckabee’s father needs to defend her? #Parhetic
You seem like even more of a weiner
Your right he was very rude but you raised a Strong daughter who put Acosta in his place.  Very happy Sarah is a press Secretary 
She’s awesome 
He needs to have his press privileges revoked! CNN....
You have to have someone better than him! He makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth! He is the problem!SMH
True!!!
I don't have to be objective. Acosta is a punk.
Acosta is not mentally well balanced so just consider the source----unintelligent, incompetent and in need of a new career
He's a whiney teenager!
I just read Acosta’s post!  How utterly ridiculous!!  The people trying to do harm are the vipers in that press room. They ask gotcha questions and mouth ugly innuendos with no basis in fact, hoping to ruin their targets. Shame on the ugly ones.
Acosta, I saw the interview, you sir are a liar!!
He is a disgrace to journalism. I really feel for Sarah. She puts up with the most obnoxious vipers in that press room! They are disgusting and their animus is so blatant. They don’t deserve the respect that she shows them. Go Sarah!!
Acosta is blaming trump for his supporters.  Acosta is toxic!  Acosta is a liar! Maybe if the reporters would ask questions that pertain to the event, trump wouldn't have to get onto them.  The issues were France, Iran, Syria etc. Nothing about Cohen or the hooker! Focus!
Not sure why anyone puts up with that twit.  MAGA
Jim Acosta is a total ASS
He is a bully who whines.  It is what it is.  Show respect and you shall receive the same.  But, if you are not a believer and feel you are entitled you maybe a bully.
Does anyone ? Anyone have the guts to pull his and race baiter Rachael press badges ,  no you just keep allowing them to abuse Ms Sanders . Shame. Have some guts
Acosta is a whiny bully!
He’s a prick . Sarah knows how to deal with him. She’s great
A lyrical twist on a 60’s record: “Gov. Huckabee, you’ve got a lovely daughter”. I want Sarah’s black dress from last night! Beautiful.
They have the power. Don’t let that delusional rat in there.
@Acosta developed his press tactics by emulating #Arnold_Horshack from the #Welcome_Back_Kotter sitcom:  https://youtu.be/ju-lptJweTc    That’s all I hear when he speaks.
Please. You're disrespectful to people EVERY SINGLE DAY never mind your lying daughter.
No you n Madcow and cnn msnbc n mainstream media have created a toxic environment with you bile n hatred for Potus. You’ll have only yourselves to blame
He's an embarrassment to america.
You may be objective but you are speaking the truth!
@Acosta I find it amusing Acosta actually fancies himself to be a journalist! He's only a tabloid junkie!
Very disrespectful!  I am so sorry that Sarah has to put up with this on a daily basis from him.
If any one is a bully and disrespectful that would be your buddy Trump, he has the monopoly on that for sure.
If he continues to be unprofessional take his press pass away.   Start sending a message that this behavior is no longer tolerated in American.
Acosta absolutely is an embarrassment to his family
You also a bitch ass bigot
And now somehow he's a victim?  Nonsense!

@CNN @Acosta
Hmmm I heard Acosta’s, no outlet twisted anything.
Media outlets didn’t “twist” his comments.  Everyone knows exactly what he meant.
Just pull his credentials. He can shout from the front sidewalk outside the White House gate. Problem-solved
The Press Secretary lies constantly.  She is an embarrassment and a disgrace.  Shame on her!
@Acosta is truly a jerk to everyone. @CNN  His rudeness  does not make him a qualified reporter.
Mr. Huckabee you crack me up and if my daughter was in the same position as yours is I would be fighting dragons for her. Keep up the good work
I once again pray that you quit telling people to not be rude and then be rude yourself by saying how someone else is whiny.
The White House should pull his press credentials!
Gov Huckabee I don’t know how your daughter can stand these briefings she does such a good job but the stupid questions that are asked, I don’t know how she holds her composure. These so called journalists are idiots.
I'm a HUGE fan of Sarah  the press secretary oh is she related to Gov somehow???
Acosta is APOS
Most all of CNN journalist are rude and act unprofessional, and biased against our President, that’s why CNN is on the downward spiral
@Acosta , who is the real life version of Ron Burgundy, actually IS a whiny little bully.
He is responding to being put in his place. He doesn’t respect the authority of those superior to him. He should learn to act like an unbiased fact based journalist.
He's a breath of expressed bovine methane.
What is the IQ requirement for a White House Press Corps journalist nowadays, what maybe 5th grade level? The question are not even news worthy or relevant, just simply ignorant, disrespectful and hateful trash. Ban Acosta from briefing room.
Kick his butt out of the press Corp!
Deport him...
Agreed sir!! I believe the reporters need to be informed for the people, but 90% of the questions asked are so ignorant. I would love to watch one press conference where the actually ask questions concerning this nation. You should be so proud of your girl!! Great job  Sarah.
THE Haters (Acosta) have only themselves to thank if being ignored.  Who cares to hear the hate anymore = tune them out -don't deserve any respect, as have from day one have been bullies & given Their "enemies" disrespect and hate mongering. #WSJ #Forbes #Reuters #BBC #BPolitics
Ya know @acosta Mr Acosta, I haven’t seen such artful tap dancing since Shirley Temple on the staircase with Jim Bo Jangles Robinson.

Acosta can't respect himself, how could he respect anyone else?
Trouble is huckleberry,  the WH doesn't respect journalist
Support @Acosta at CNN. The real truth.

So? You have to give respect to receive respect. Difference between respect for the Office and repeat for the man. This man deserves absolutely fucking nothing in terms of respect. @realDonaldTrump
I truly believe that Acosta is a CIA operative....also anderson cooper,,cnn takes their marching orders from the CIA black hats....the people are waking up
#JimAcosta is the rudest so called journalist ever. He is HORRIBLE! So glad Sarah slaps him every time
To have such rude and disrespectful behavior towards @PressSec in the hallowed @WhiteHouse is disgusting. Furthermore, he doesn’t treat @RajShah45 that way when he fills in for Sarah. #DisgustingPig
Rights & privilege require responsibility or they will be lost
There is no way this can be interpreted other than what it is.  He is spinning his insult to Trump supporters but it’s not going to fly!
Acosta’s comments have not been twisted by some outlets. I heard exactly what he said.  What a petty little man.
The #GoldenRule Jim @Acosta .....Simple as that
Your daughter is an amazing Press Secretary in which we are grateful for her service with dealing with babies like Mr. Acosta.
Censur him, I have brought him and his two conspirators to your attention for discipline or removal before. What will it take? We are fed up with his insults and arrogance. Do something, remove him from WHPC.
Acosta, a sad pathetic Trump hater dangerous to civilization
Filthy Fake News Maggot @Acosta w Fake News @CNN May have a right to be a rude filthy hate filled biased as-, but attending a Presidential briefing or even being allowed onto any federally controlled property to ask a question is not a right.  Ban him completely!
Spot on - whiney self absorbed BABY
100%
