She needs help! Hey, i don't mind dying, i just don't want to vote democrat! 
wasn't the joke when Bill took the impromptu trip to Moscow before Aldrich Ames got popped then sold or gave our telecommunications equipment to China not long before #FBI Double Agent Peter Lee had a successful 9yr Espionage stint under #Muellers Nose .. or Knows
Exactly 
Everything about the Dems is a joke
This is her mentality Governor.
The WH security is a JOKE! The administration security is a JOKE! Russian spies in the Oval w/no Americans present, filming, Jared "Baby Criminal" Kushner selling America's soul to the highest bidder, @POTUS using multiple personal phones to control his enterprise. Child please.
Now is the time to uncover all the darkness!
as the entire party
HUCKLEBERRY is masturbating to photos of HILLARY in his safe room !!!!!   wack-a-mole
Interesting
of course
Dems are a joke
Who told you that? Your Russian cyber hacking buddies? Trump basically invited the Russians to hack Hilary’s campaign. You know the campaign that won the most votes!
It was done on purpose so they had some1 to blame if by chance she lost!
Your daughter sucks as press secretary .
This entire Drumph administration is nothing but cons & war mongrels .
The only reason he actually doing anything that may seem democratic is to get away from the mueler investigation .
They already got his lawyer , pompeo is next
It was ran by Pakastan!! Who are alies with Iran and RISSIA!
Can you say collision?!
Actually,I know the answer 2my own http://question.It 's bc the GOP does not have Trump's back,even tho many of them would not even have their seats w/o Trump.A lot of Trump voters pulled straight Repub lever in 2016 hoping a GOP Congress wd help pass his agenda-GOP failed us
Why is GOP messaging SOOO bad? Why aren't they all over cable discussing this story, &the HUGE Nunes story from Sunday, & how DOJ tried2 quash Clinton Foundation investigation (per McCabe). GOP =complete lack of offense, &not even much defense, to Dems' machiavellian ruthlessness
It was a joke, just like their presidential candidate.
It was as secure as Hillary’s lap top phones and computer which was wide open
Why would you have such poor security? Unless of course, you wanted someone to hack into it. Gives them an out, perhaps? It's working so far.
Not that I support hacking, but if the emails stolen had shown HRC and the DNC were acting with complete integrity it would have been a non-event. Instead, the truth was revealed. So bottom line is, they don't want anyone to know the truth of who they really are.
Much like this liar you raised, Mike.
Very admired!  What lie did she tell you? Or the lies from the liars on MSM because they can’t comprehend anything. They ask the same damn question over & over then I can’t help but say, Are they just stupid or what!! It must take a sledge hammer to get it in the brain
If that is your actual comprehension , I wouldn’t waste my time as it would be easier to show Hellen Keller how to paint by numbers.
What a slur against Helen Keller
Comparing her to you absolutely. I apologize Hellen.
Helen thanks you for the not so humble apology. That’s right Liberals don’t understand Humility
I’m not a liberal. You’re dull, and blocked.
The Dems are a joke
New Revelations show they modeled it after you.
Why arent all govt employees, DNC & RNC not under the same robust IT security systems? Members of Congress are given top security clearance & are not monitored. Why?
Chase bank has hundreds of branches around the country, do you think they all have different IT/security systems?
Taxpayers money is being spent to maintain robust cybersecurity systems in Govt bc of existential threats & everyone in govt w/top-level security clearance knows of the security measures.
Killary is everything evil, but not stupid. Her lack of cybersecurity was designed that way.
And so is the one in the picture.
Is there anything Dem that isn’t a joke or corrupt?
Quit showing that hag I almost puke every time.
I wondered what you had been up to.  Good to see ya. Hey you gotta quit riding Hillary harder than the crew of the USS Nimitz it’s getting older than Hillary.
Just like her server.
The Democrats are a joke!
Rich coming from such a hypocrit. You were a failure as a Governor, and as a Presidential candidate. You failed as a parent since one son hung, and killed a puppy ala serial killer in training, and your daughter is a paid liar for Trump.#MoreSermonOnTheMountLessHipocracy
Who the Hell has time for cyber Security while we'Re raking in millions in pay for play $$$?
Dems are a joke.
Old revelation shows GOP cybersecurity was equally a joke, email servers were broken into, but those messages were mysteriously not released by Wikileaks...
I shudder to think how God watched over us during those eight years, and prior! God Bless America and save us from all this Evil focused on our beautiful Home, America.
Dems are either blatantly intentional criminals or just ignorant.
Speaking of jokes isn’t that the lady that ran against Mr Trump?
The democrats are a joke.
DUH. THE EASIER TO SELL INFORMATION.  TREASON.
So is that of your home computers. Ask me how I know.  A lot of one-handed research on some Stormy person.... or so i hear from Mr.  Assange.
A joke......   oh like you are.  Ok. I get it.

New revelation... The DEMS ARE A JOKE.
Why do you ALWAYS have to be such a partisan? It got old years ago, dude. Now it’s just sad.
Of course it was .... protected by non-secured not cleared by Pakistani aids!
@LoriBlaney 
*shocked face*
HRC....The nightmare that continues to ride into our lives.
The "Glass Ceiling" referred to in theTitle of Chozick's Book, is more like a 'Glass Bottom Boat,' and I'm Praying Fervently theBottom of that Boat Cracks Soon: When she's Investigated Thoroughly/The Totality of HerCrimes isBrought toLight/ she'sFinallyProsecuted/Brought2Justice!
For a southern preacher you sure peddle more negative than you do positive. Just saying....
.@govmikehuckabee You could have removed "cybersecurity".
Agreed!!
Yes much like their presidential candidate
“In a March 2015 email chain, Cheryl Mills told campaign Chairman John Podesta of an interview in which Obama said he learned about Clinton's private email setup from news reports. "WE NEED TO CLEAN THIS UP—he has emails from her—they do not say state.gv”.
You were hacked too remember that
Too cheap to get security. They needed the money for phony dossier.
...so... good excuse to back Putin, Trump, and wikileaks?
@GovMikeHuckabee You’re the joke Mike.
you're a gore, shut up.
...yep, and then some!
New revelation shows @GovMikeHuckabee is a shill. Sorry, it is not in fact a new revelation.
That’s no surprise!
So was their candidate!
But aren't liberals supposed to be the smart ones???  How could this happen?
A joke, has a funny punchline. Unfortunately, the Dems ARE the punchline.
Because they thought no one would ever check.
That's what everybody's been saying since the get-go
Wasn't your kind supposed to have been raptured today? Damn! Thought we were getting rid of you con artists.
Is your wife jealous that you so love to post pictures of Hilary? I am thinking maybe you have a thing for her? Could it be?

HUCKY, YOUR A JOKE
As apparently was everybody else's.
Take a break from your Hillary fixation, relentless self-promotion and ass kissing. It must be exhausting.
Truth hurts.

I am convinced that this was done on purpose! It was intentional because all these countries had and knew of obamas and clintons secrets so they all worked together. It is beyond treason! And frankly an act of war!
You're absolutely right!
I’m telling you She has PTSD.
So you're hiding the point that the RNC got hacked at the same time.

But nah, that doesn't suit your narrative now does it?
There's a joke all right and it's that woman holding the microphone!
Inner feeling says Awan was the breach of DNC servers/ Podesta emails to probably get back at DWS because she wouldn't pay him more money. Like the millions he got wasn't enough.I bet the info was downloaded not hacked that's why servers not turned over to FBI. Big embarrassment!

Must be Trumps fault!
Both parties were hacked
You have an unhealthy fascination with HRC
Everything about hrc is unhealthy
And it left vital information vulnerable

The whole Democratic Party is a joke. They seem to be very vengeful and hateful and care more about their personal grudges. They don't seem to represent the people's voice
"These People are STUPID"

Q
They used CrowdStrike.
Says PLENTY.
Hillary used a towel to clean her server And a hammer on her cell phones ! Is that what it says in the instruction book ?
Why don’t you follow the teachings of Jesus Christ?
Mike's too busy stuffing his face.
You're too busy body shaming him .Have you no shame?
Leaving your car unlocked doesn't mean it's OK for someone to steal it. This is absurd logic and victim-blaming from Huckabee.
Your right, No it doesn’t however there are thieves & criminals & someone in her position should know better than to use a simple PW OR UNSECURED server. We shouldn’t pay our tax dollars because of sheer ignorance on DEMS part.
New revelation shows Trump lied to the FBI and WAS IN MOSCOW during the Pageant, something Trump denied TWICE.

Oh my if Bloomberg reported , it must be true!   Comey memos are public so you need a new fact, because a fact for sure was Dossier was false & paid for by Hillary. She would lie, cheat, steal & murder to have won that election.
What Cyber Security? Our government Agencies were all hacked under the Obama Admin.Hell even the DNC was hacked!
Keep aligning with those that literally attacked our nation, Huck.
Can you say AWANS and DWS?
amen arrest her
