Just don't tell them about how republicans are handling the Flint water crisis
Lol were you drunk when you wrote this or just not know
No sir, just pointing out that the crisis is the fault of the republican governor of Michigan

Reported
You just reported him for telling facts. Lmfao.
It’s time for black voters to realize that the only President who has done anything for them is Trump! Black unemployment is down, businesses are hiring, wages are up, violent crime is down, and he is creating inner city enterprise zones to bring these blighted areas back to life
Well I’m a black person so please me what Trump has done. Since you know so much about the black voters. Please I’m waiting on your answer
As long as you back trump you really, really, really need to stop talking about your faith.  seriously, it makes that whole christian piety think look like a sham.  you are doing it to yourselves and by that you will perish.
Who made you guard the gates of heaven? Who made u judge over people? You don't understand salvation. You threatened him that he will perish
So you think they will join the party of white supremacy? Lol!
Being inclusive of other religions is not attacking Christianity.  It's not that hard to figure out man.
One famous Black guy who is as crazy as trump doesn't make a movement. His wife has to keep asking people to understand his mental condition and trump's wife just ignores him and just keeps track of him breaking their prenup so she can divorce him and take his money.
I have voted Democrat in the past but no longer, I see the hate from the left to Sarah and anyone who disagrees with them.
Because Republicans have helped black people so much? Confusing.
*cough*
What since Abe?
No, not since Abe. It's silly to have to go back 150 years to find a Republican that did something for black people. Republicans in 2018 are not the party of Abraham Lincoln. Ask Trump if he has read Harriet Beecher Stowe, or any novel.
I could go back even less.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Rock_Nine …
Glad it happened, still not impressed. What was it that Trump said about James Shaw? Oh yeah, nothing. What about those white supremacists? Oh yeah, "very fine people." Black people know who cares. It ain't  Trump or @GovMikeHuckabee
Please tell me more about what black people think oh wise white woman.
The ‘normative’ family retains huge significance in the Black Churches I attend. Remove the taint of white nationalism and corporate welfare and permissiveness toward private bigotry from the GOP, and family issues could emerge as decisive. “MFs want me dead or gone” now decides
There is "taint"
in all parties.
Must pick one
if you are to exercise
your right to vote.

I see bigotry & prejudice
on all sides.

If those of us who fair minded
don't come together,
the finger pointers
and drama makers
will rule the day.

They win when we are divided.

#MAGA
I hope that is true. Black ppl starting to realize that the Dems do nothing but speak about it & do nothing. Trump has shown them that Rep are helping them with jobs & how to get out of their hopelessness.  Dems only want their votes
Another incredibly #StupidTweet by #Nincompoop - black people (and us smart white folk) know what the big tax cuts did for them.....ABSOLUTELY NOTHING....  some of us will pay more, come STATE/CITY tax forms....
I just want everyone regardless of their race or color to be able to think for themselves and work hard towards their own individual success.
Seriously, is that too much to ask for?
That didn't used to be so controversial.
Blacks, Southerners, Kanye, Trump. We're all kind of peas in a pod understanding that sin, redemption and love live side-by-side. Gov. Huckabee has a keen understanding of the duality of saint/sinner in our lives.
The great society another  type of slavery  Keep people black or white uneducated and poor is mind numbing slavery. Thank democrats for that
Mike Huckabee somehow oblivious to the main story of the day, that Donald Trump was caught lying about Stormy Daniels payments AND that Sarah Huckabee is the liar’s lying propagandist.
And they won't turn down the volume without a huge fight. I admire Kanye's and Candace's courage.
Sanders said this in March: "I've had conversations with the president about this. There was no knowledge of any payments from the president and he's denied all of these allegations."
Yes, Lord Kanye will lead them to the promised land called the GOP. 

Never knew you do hard drugs Mike. 
Think of your grandkids.
Said it yesterday, I’ll say it again, without the racism card being pushed as an agenda, doubt the democrats can ever win another election!
Your song killed a dog.
They've done more than the republicans,  like taking healthcare away, or phony tax reform, for the rich
Yeah sorry we won't be siding with you and your party of white nationalism
Yeah Black Muslims will really hate democrats when they read tweets like this from mainstream Republican Ben Shapiro (I'm sure you've got your share of similar gems too) https://mobile.twitter.com/benshapiro/status/25712847277?lang=en … 
#kanye
Israelis like to build. Arabs like to bomb crap and live in open sewage. This is not a difficult issue. #settlementsrock
So now you speak for the black voters. Tell me something Mr. black voter what have the republicans done or what will that do. Please tell me
The #Democrat party has done absolutely nothing for the black community. They feel they have them safely in their pockets. The #Dems are so focused on future #Dem voter's from the #illegals.
That's why I call it the "OL' Southern Plantation Whip Swinging, Sharecropping, Vote denying, Abortion Backin' MASA'S DAM-O-RAT PARTY!"
The conversation has begun and thats what theyve been terrified of for so long.
Dems are losing blacks which is why they want open borders.
@RealCandaceO is a fantastic voice. She is open, candid, blunt and to the point. She is amazing.
Ass it’s what trump has done.

Another thing, you are in no position to comment on anyone's faith! As for hostility, once again check on your daughter. One black person's action does not speak to all. Get your house and faith in order before you try to enter someone else's house!
You really seem to have your finger on the pulse of the black community, Huck.
#NationalDayOfPrayer #constitution @FreedomWorks @CatoInstitute @Heritage
Their eyes are opening, that's why the left is working so hard on getting more illegal aliens to enter the US!
Keep drinking that crappy Kool Aid FOX keeps serving you.
Not too bright, are you.  There's always a small number of "people" like you.

Goodbye
I would suggest you don’t give a shit about people of color - underscored by Trump referring to Nazis as “fine people” - but you’ll happily pay lip service to them in your desperation to avert electoral wipeout in November.
It is really difficult to believe that so many Republicans are Church going.
I don't think Kanyae is you best poster child. All he said was he likes the way Trump communicates. He was quite clear that he doesn't like his policies and many of his opinions. The Rep have helped no one but their rich donors and EVERY Race knows it.
His wife told him to qualify his statements for damage control. He didn't say he doesn't like  his policies/opinions
No, he specifically said that just because he says he likes Trump that does not mean he supports his policies or views. He basically said this the first time at his concert https://youtu.be/uXx6YYZIUoQand  then has even expanded on it in later videos. Conformation Bias
S.A.D!!!!!
Maybe white people can do the same with republicans.
Well, your daughter hasn't looked at pie that way and look at what pie's done to her.
The Dems could never win another Senate, governor or Presidential campaign if they lose a significant amount of the black vote.
Don't worry, it won't happen. They will never vote for the party that includes the KKK and Nazis. And trying to latch on to the likes of Kanye and Don King who are nothing more than coons at this point to the black community is a terrible strategy.
The Democrats are the party of the KKK. Look it up. Some famous Dems were KKK leaders. Look at which party voted more for the civil rights act of 1964. You will be very surprised.
*******fart*********
This is how a brain functions when it has overdosed on hate = tweets that make no sense,name calling, racist remarks, just plain mean and evil. GOOD representation of the Dems
You think farts are evil? Do you hate all the gifts God has given us?
You just made the point I was making=again
So your answer is yes then?
And yet =Again =Have a Good Day
One day we may look back and say @kanyewest was the catalyst that changed the Democratic party’s demographic - who would have ever thought that ...
or @therealroseanne 
This tweet makes no sense. Plus it's a racist tweet.
Lowest black unemployment...ever....  Time to break the bonds of the Democrats!
You know NOTHING about black voters and have no business commenting on how they might vote.  Go away.
your beastly daughter deserves all the comments toward her, and then some
You are a cowardly http://low-life.You  said this to a man about his daughter?  Who raised you?
I could have pulled a trump and said she's a fine piece of ass, but that would be a trump/lie
An unarmed Black man disarms a murderer with an assault rifle and saves many people. Because they are all Black and the killer was White not a word from trump. Don’t think Democrats have to worry too much about minorities flocking to traitor trump.
That's right... cling to Kanye, you fraud.
Not concerned since the moron in the White house is tumbling!

contrary to your belief that kanye is a representative for a “self aware african american,” the rest of us don’t need any white people to guide us. keep thinking you’re fighting for our rights while we continue to be murdered as you look down from your pedestal of privilege.
Agree! Sir I believe is happening already. 

You're using Kanye as an example?  Are you serious.  Kanye is either playing the crowd to get famous again, or he's as stupid as you are.
I welcome my Newly Free Americans may God Bless you and watch over you .
The dems have done nothing for them, but lie to them. Just like they are lying to all of us! Wake up America!
I was thinking back about the last time the democrats were faced with this conundrum.  It reminded me of the time your son tortured and killed someone's dog and you used your position as Governer to cover it up.
I believe God does work in mysterious ways!!
They are frightened about having to work for a living
Nice deflection. Your daughter is not classy. In fact, she’s a blatant liar!
...the RNC needs to get to inner cities and get the word out...
You should be paying attention to CNN, your baby girl is going down in flames for all her lies. She needs to resign if she has any chance of becoming a good person again. Feel sorry for those kids
What "the party" has done is embrace a black man who said slavery was a choice by those enslaved. Oh yeah, and they reduced black unemployment by 0.6% aftaer Obama reduced it by 9%.
Vote Democrats out in November. CALIFORNIANS,Vote Sanctuary loving , high tax loving , MS 13 loving, ISIS loving ,( Kate Steinle’s HATING ), Millionaire Pelosi type Democrats out in November. Trump Mania is spreading . Save California POTUS , before Pelosi kills us all.
Dogs are in serious trouble if they are near your son.
Nah. Just open the borders. Instant plurality
Who keeps saying all black ppl are Democrats?
they are exposing who the evil ones really are..
The most hostile forces to people of faith right now are from Trump and the so-called religious leaders that support him. They’re throwing every basic religious teaching out the window to support somebody who lives his life in sin, lies about it, and attacks the truth.
The only thing the Black folks are to the Democrats is the Vote. Democrats have done nothing for the Black people, nothing. So Trump has done a lot. And they need to keep that going by voting Republican always. Never vote Democrat. Democrats make it impossible to get ahead.
It's a good thing black voters have you to speak for them. I'm sure they feel better now.
Head someone started a petition to have ADIDAS to drop him....smfh they will never understand that thinking for yourself is the greatest weapons we have against the Democrats
Until the GOP can actually show with real intent and truthfulness how they will improve the lives of Black Americans, it’s all a bunch of hot air and hype. As for you Mike, I believe your time is up. Time to retire to that Arkansas Log Cabin.
Not really for them but to them, while lining their own pockets.
Again stop lying! You taught your Tranie daughter well!
What....the Democratic Party has done something for blacks?
Super Christian.
Do u know who the Wild Beast and the Harlot represent in the book of Revelation?? If you do than you would know which one you represent.
Are you proud that your daughter is facilitating the lies of a con man?
The black Americans need to look all the way back to the 1800,s and start from there. They will see what the Democrats have been doing from day 1 and what they continue to do. Research history, it will enlighten you.
You’re Daughter is going to Jail!!!!!!!!!!!NEW: Sarah Sanders refuses to answer multiple questions about why she and Trump made statements about payment Stormy Daniels payment that we now know aren’t true.
Sanders says she can’t comment due to ongoing litigation.
Don't hold your breath.
You mean delegate and apart from trump calling klan marchers very fine people ? You and your daughter are both Liars!
Don’t worry, they won’t. You guy are still racist.
More dog whistles Huck?
Hot Diggity Dog
"Good people on both sides" 

Good luck with your little wish.
You mean even bigger trouble, ride the red wave to prosperity, less government, happiness
Be honest. Do you really believe that Trump didn't know he was paying $130,000 for a NDA?
Don't worry about black people Repubs will never get them to cross over,what  you should do is tell your daughter Sara to get out while she can and stop lying for Donald Trump his ship has taken on water and is slowly sinking with her on board do you have a life jacket for her??
Two things 1st our New President has created so many jobs that African American Unemployment is at it’s lowest ever in history. 
We had and African American Pres. For 8 years who lived in Chicago & did zero for the people there. He expected their vote & he did not respect it
How great is it that your daughter is now looked upon as a corrupt liar. As you the father watch as a wife raping, woman assaulting, Pornstar loving pile of puss uses her to cover for his Evangelical ways. Lol. Reap what you sow. Reckoning is nigh. Eat it.
Slavery and JimCrow could not have existed so long without the tacit and direct approval of Christian leaders and clergy.

Your own Robt Jeffress teaches that Catholics are under Satanic delusion and headed for eternal torture.

Good luck in Hell, Mike.
Democrats are responsible for ethnic based slavery in the USA & the Civil War.  Free handouts at the expense of others is just their thing. The Republican Party was actually created to end slavery.
Instead of worrying about Democrats and Black Voters, you should be concerned with what lying for and representing DJ T is doing to your daughters soul, spirit and reputation! She is troubled, tortured, and broken!
Yes we musnt offend snowflake church people
Any comment on the presser? "I went with the best information I had".. So she came out and gave information that was A LIE . Proactively llie after that.Can't wait to see how she and they turn themselves into pretzels trying to smooth this one out.
Kanye West supports Donald Trump and thinks slavery was a choice. 

Kanye West supports a racist president praised by White Supremacists.

Sign the #BoycottKanye petition https://www.change.org/p/kanye-west-boycott-kanye-west …  #BlackLivesMatter #YeVsThePeople #TheResistance #MuteKanye #KanyeTrump #BlueWave2018
That's the spin you want to put on it, but that's not what he said or meant. Show me Trumps racism
Anyone with a heart beat and an educated brain, sees the opposite..the GOP is a sick Party
Your daughter is a liar...so there's that.
They are learning how little do/did for them. The tide is turning!!!

#NationalDayOfPrayer
African American people deserve to be treated like any other American and that has not been the case for 50 years. In 15 months, African American unemployment is at its lowest level ever. Just by respecting all people, President Trump has brought relief to the poor communities.
You must be so proud.... @PressSec 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!
Any of your kiddos kill a dog, try to sneak a gun onto a plane, lie constantly or wear way too much of the wrong eye shadow color today?
Not done FOR them, but TO them.
Seriously dude your guy is paying off prostitutes so maybe bringing up god isn’t a good thing
And your party has done exactly what????
You seem to have a fairly flexible attitude about faith yourself.
So, Democrats allegedly “expecting” black voters to support them is akin to slavery, but you “expecting” black voters to support a hardline evangelical agenda is different?
Hmm...think u need to get ur daughter from in front of the Mack train barreling toward Trump! She won't look good in penstrips.
Doesnt the leader of your party believe there are good people among white supremacists?
Are sure it wasn’t HRC? If not, at least tell everyone it is, that’s the GOP MO, right?
What do you know of Black America?!?  Stop now
I’m shocked they already don’t know?????????
This only proves how out of touch with reality you are. Not to mention increasingly incompetent. You raised a liar, Mike.
Republicans are literally running white supremacists for office.
You really think that those people don’t have enough brains to see through you?
And Kanye is your barometer? 
They are people to us. They are props to you.
It is sad when minorities become the children in the middle of divorce between Rep&Dem parties..look what the other did or didn't do. And Oh no, I'm not racist, I have 2 black friends...look blacks, we need to take back our power. Do for self, stop letting outsiders take credit!
sure.  I'm "one" w many pals.  Doubt if many of us will b swayed by u ...
Wiretaps ...wiretaps, Mike ... y'all got nothing to run on except the largest corruption scheme in 241 years ....  @PressSec
The Republicans ARE in big trouble because they realize that white evangelicals have been hoodwinking them for years.
Dems are in big trouble, people don't agree with their antiquated ideas anymore.
Lmfao you don't know what antiquated means
Democrats are not Progressive they are regressive.Communism and socialism are over a hundred years old and their roots are much older. It is a continuously failing system that has never worked and never will. Outdated and antiquated are the perfect words to describe dems.
Riiiiiight. Because it's dems that want to 
Hold on to fossil fuels. It's dems that want to keep marriage 1 man 1 woman. It's dems taking us back to the 50's... lmfao get real.
It's not republicans that are pro segregated graduations.
It's not republicans who want to ban books they disagree with.
Its not republicans who want to silence free speach.
Democrats = antiquated.
Democrats = regressive

WHY ISIS, OBAMA AND JOHN KERRY DON’T WANT YOU TO HEAR THIS LEAKED AUDIO-ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW.
Why ISIS, Obama and John Kerry Don’t Want You To Hear This Leaked Audio https://wearechange.org/isis-obama-john-kerry-dont-want-hear-leaked-audio/ … via @LukeWeAreChange
"to" them....not "for" them
Black voters are their main base.....and The Dems have done nothing for the Black community....except count on their vote, which they do not get anymore.
Nothing to worry about compared to what GOP has done in past 20 years at least.
Can you tell us what the GOP did?

You just can't make this stuff up:    
Facebook Enlists Eric Holder's Law Firm to 'Advise' on Anti-Conservative Bias | Breitbart http://bit.ly/2FAoCZ7  via           @BreitbartNews
You have a point there, and the Democrats have hurt the same faith of white voters also.!
It will be over for Dems if that happens.

Hawaii U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson of Honolulu- Declares Trump’s peace effort-Unconstitutional.…
(D)is Slavery we the people from EUROPEAN to here America
