Right here is another example of people using positions of power to undermine our democracy I would have never thought that Mike Huckabee would enable a fascist dictator to remain in office these men are ( FASCISTS ) #TheResistance
Bull. You don't even know what a fascist is!  Read up on Mussolini and Hitler
He needs to read the definition of fascism by the fascist himself - Mussolini.
Is Loudenslager German enough?
Ok
@realDonaldTrump May be attacked but Almighty God Got His Back! The Lord Wanted President Trump in office 4 Such a time as This 2 fight the corruption in the Government. Lord Jesus come against & Bring confusion in the enemies camp. Stop Arrest & adjourn The Enemies plan on Trump
Jerk. Don't malign others beliefs because you have none.
Sad.   He's doing a great job.
Sounds like mikey wants to be on donnys legal team.
ATTENTION WORLD...Let’s B CLEAR , President Trump doesn’t RATTLE . The Reptilian Swamp has no idea WHOM they R dealing with. He is winning and the Dem LOSERS don’t even see it coming. TRUMP MANIA is spreading. SAVE us POTUS B 4 Pelosi / Schumer Dems kill us all. MAGA, 
The president has tweeted messages directly at the target of a federal investigation and publicly discouraged him from cooperating with prosecutors. He continues to pressure the investigation & smear investigators as biased and corrupt. This is wrong. Please say so.
What's absent is any credibility you once had as an actual governor of my state. All tossed away for fame as a loud, ridiculous celebrity pundit getting paid for speaking fees and manically throwing himself into the public eye whenever possible.
Jerk
48-32% find Comey more believable than Trump
69-25% support Mueller investigating possible collusion with Russia
64-32% support Mueller investigating Trump’s business activities
58-35% support Mueller investigating Trump paying hush money

Mueller is working for Clinton and the democrats. Do you really think the world does not see that. Mueller’s career is slowly deteriorating but what does he care he is making tons of taxpayers money and probably will retire if not prosecuted first.
Don't you fret. You'll be implicated in there as well.
He won the election, can’t that be accepted so he can  just do what he promised?
Yeah why does it matter if Trump and his campaign committed crimes? We know he’s dirty but who cares! MAGA’
It’s really sweet that you really believe Trump is so innocent. You should stay away from any news that might burst your bubble. Reality can be a scary place for Trump cult members. 
Trump will go down as the greatest president in history.
Mike.I dont think that Mueller will turn up anything in the search as he did not order it or play a part in it,except to pass on some information .Why do you lie like this and claim to be a man of God.This was planned and executed by the NY,AG whom had been investigating Cohen.
Hope you enjoy your downward rapture! Jesus please take the wheel!
The Cohen investigation is not the Mueller investigation, you distort the facts again.  It is funny, though, Trump said his finances and family were a "red line" so Mueller skillfully punted the case over that "red line" to the SDNY -- which Trump can't touch.
More Dem lies!
People picked a fight when they voted for President Trump, and a fight as intended it shall be. President Trump was voted into office for his experience and willingness to serve and protect we the people as one Nation under God. This shall never be overcome regardless of Mueller.
Mueller isn't an enemy. Putin is.
Putin is not going to overcome Americans, but he will take up for his country. President Trump works to protect ours, and be thankful he does. Good shall overcome evil, and that's what America is all about. It's about hanging in there. President Trump is proven in that regard.

#WeThePeople should break the chains of the #Deepstate Establishments and Declare Our own party that represents #WeThPeople!  The #Patriots Party!  
#IndependenceDay…
If he's done nothing wrong he has nothing to worry about. On the other hand he's acting guilty, so there.
The Democrats won't let it go there trying to find a gotchi situation
Disgusting that so many "conservatives" have no respect for the rule of law.  I thought they were the party of law and order?  Only when lying about crime rates to scare people into voting for them i guess.  Sad.
You got the wrong Party Prof
Very few people, including "experts", have predicted the results of Trump's actions accurately.
Swamp creatures move slowly.  After all it is not easy to wade through slime.  Trump simply zigs when they expect a zag
Worry about your daughter.  She lies every day and everyone thinks she’s a miserable c*nt
 She's still with her. 
YES I AM
That makes two people I know of that is still with her. 
News media seems eager to portray him as like Richard Nixon: anxious to fire a special counsel to hide guilt.

We only need to watch Trumps vile Twittrrs to know he is agitated,upset. We don't need anything else,his mouth tells all.
#impeachmentiscoming
Keep dreaming
I really wish you would keep your thoughts to yourself. JUST WISHFUL THINKING. Now I understand how Sarah is able to lie so easily for someone so unethical and immoral in their behavior/speech. You taught her well, sir!
Fool
Yes, we all are at some point in time!
Love my Pres Trump! I dont care what Muellar turns up!! Thank you so much for all that you do! 
... Mike, you are just saying what everyone is saying " Don't look here look over there. Look at Hillary,  she did this and that". You are just trying to divert attention away from Trump. ...
BOZO THE DICTATOR AND THE ANIMAL HOUSE SHOULD BE IMPEACHED. TRUMPISM IS COMMUNISM
Trump isn’t the least bit worried. Our Judicial system is so politically corrupt, no one in their right mind has any faith in our Judicial system. Hillary, Obama, and company should all be in prison right now. 
This president and his staff know what is truth.He and they are not afraid.
I call it an illegal invasion of privacy!
The American people have the right to know if the president is a crook.
Whatever #Mueller comes up with will be ignored by #POTUS voters. No ONE IS FREE OF SINS, THAT IS WHY THERE IS A CHRIST. We voted for business brains not for Saints brains. Just think - FOR HOW MANY YEARS SWAMPERS SCREWED US?
When Lynch,Comey,McCabe,Clinton start going down so will Mueller
The Law is Coming for Trump.
If attorney client privilege doesn’t exist can we move on to unsealing ALL of Obama's records of his pre presidential past? 
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @TuckerCarlson @RealJamesWoods @mitchellvii @DonaldJTrumpJr @DineshDSouza @dbongino
Sounds like a winner.  I wonder why no one else ever thought of it.
No longer can Americans trust. And that's ok with left. Why bother dialoguing w liars. It's a waste of time.The only thing  left is cohesion.If we stick together and stop donating to all social programs ,charities and donate to judicial watch, prager university and our churches.
POTUS with the MOSTUS
The President reiterated again at his news conference today they will find no collusion bcuz there was No collusion Such a waste of tax$s time and so Divisive for our Nation
Mike... Why are you carrying water for this guy? Huh? Aren't you better than this? Is this really what your Christian Coalition comes down to? You're so damn artificial it hurts to look upon you... Why don't you do right and give this p.o.s. what he deserves... Get your girl out!


Mike Huckabee, the fake Christian, approves of the devil
You damn right Trump is worried to the point he does not know whether to shit or go blind ...the music wire is slowly being wrapped around Trump's gonads and those of his quizzing ...if you don't recognize this Tillerson has a nickname for You! LOL!
Mueller and the FBI are tainted.  They think their above the law.  The reputation of the FBI is in shreds.
#drainthefbiswamp 
#nointegrity 
#federalbureauofintimidation 
#fbisoapopera





Gov Mike- I’m sure dealing with the Dems is much like being an orderly at a mental hospital. You really want to help cure the madness, but there is a constant fear that some of the wackiness might rub off! Keep fighting the good fight!
He is and you know it
Jessica Mackler... American Bridge??? Doesn’t anyone remember the evil they intented to dispense?This is right out of her playbook! Wake up!
It is nothing less than a witch hut !  And it’s out of Hate !!
So you must have proof otherwise?   I didn’t see anything you posted showing his calm.  Yes, he should have client/lawyer privilege.  You act as if You KNOW there wasn’t a possible felony the law was pursuing.  2. Muller is not pursuing anything with Cohen.  Let the innocent win.
I have never witnessed such strong fellatio toward trump as yours.
Really get help
Mueller didn't search Cohen's home, office or hotel. The search was signed off by federal judge. U can't tell the truth when it comes to anything related to the pussy grabber in WH.  No surprise the fake press secretary can't tell the truth either. Jesus must be so proud of u.
When search warrants are issued the time has come
#MAGA. Support @realDonaldTrump
It guess when he opened his lying mouth and said he didn't know about the payment to stormy Daniels he lost his attorney client privilege.
#EndTheWitchHunt
Amen
All MSM drama & BS. Not True at all!
★l,l
"The news" lol
I surely wish I could Fire Mueller! I've been so upset with his investigating the President! He said thePres. was aSubject, lying through hisTeeth, but what he deceitfully/purposely left out of thatSentence was that thePres. was the onlySubject/ Target of hisStupid Investigation!
Cunning how the FBI manipulated several Trump teamers to secretly meet several times with several Russians...and then...manipulate them to later forget all those meetings took place.

Or Trump could be Putin dirty.
What happened to conservatives? Paying 150 thousands for abortion, 130 thousand for infidelity, secretaries paying for private jets, tables, doors, booths, molesters are revered.

Shameless
Hi Mike!

Fire Mueller and Rosenstein
And Stormy and the bunny is lying. So when he suing them?

It's all Propaganda Governor!!.. It's all hype and nonsense.
Trump just needs to keep his cool. Their actions demonstrate a level of desperation indicative of impending failure. Let them collapse all by themselves
Trumps a crook and you know it.
I see someone's been over eating at the left wing feeding trough. Don't you know, watching left stream media causes acute blindness, hearing loss and closed mindedness? Change your news source and you'll be alright.
TRUMP is the greatest President in history 
Agreed but not true!!
Luckily for me, I dont listen to or watch any MSM
you promise more than you can deliver in that ridiculous link you supplied.
A man with no sins had nothing to hide from gods or men.
You're mentally ill if you believe this.
People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.
#FakeMAGA
#MAGA
#TrumpLies
#GOPBS
#GOPLies
#GOPTraitors
#NRALies
#NRABS
#NRATerrorists
#BoycottSinclairAdverts 
#BoycottSinclair
#FireHannity
#TheResistance 
#FoxNews 
#FOXVIEWSNOTMYNEWS
Mainstream accounts seem far better than yours.
The American people and President followers: we're up to the roof of Mueller and his witch hunt.We are saturated with these liberals who make us distract us from all their crimes, with inescapable and absurd accusations against our president.ENOUGH!We the people should fire them
No witch hunt but a hunt for criminals and traitors!
And they have gotten  17 Russians, and 7 of Trump's own people so far. So it must be a witch Hunt.
#America is but bunches of #devil Followers are trying to destroy #America @GovMikeHuckabee! We can’t let #BadPeople win!!! Remember song by #KateSmith? “This Is My Country”! I’m gonna start ing that song!!!
Yes, because Kate Smith once sang “This is my Country,” Americans should support Donald Trump? That is insane.
HRC needed a body double, has a slew of mental health issues to include Neurological deficits and the left mandated Trump to do a physical. He did twice. You call Trump INSANE.
This is really weak. As usual, can't even defend the President without desperately flailing fingers at Hillary.
The uptick in negative view of Mueller is due to the Republican Sheep like you, who buy the Trump BS.  An innocent man wouldnt interfere with a Federal Investigation. He would let a career professional do his job
Trump is way smarter than the media. He is fearless and focused on the American people
This is A CORRUPT ADMINISTRATION. If it were a DEMOCRAT doing the EXACT SAME THINGS, You Evangelicals would be CHEERING MUELLER ON! The NERVE of you people!
Just wait, it’s so exciting
President Trump is who we trust.  He is the only one we trust.  He speaks to us daily.  He makes sense to us.   Now Senators who have been around in their offices for the last 40 years might think they are smarter because they know all the dirty tricks of government corupt WRONG
Mueller has nothing to do with the Cohen investigation, and you know it, Buckwheat . . . #RepublicanTraitors
Blind faith minus the faith. You’re either not paying attention, incompetent, or a bad liar like your daughter Mike.
Or maybe it’s you?
Says a “Christian” who supports the Devil. You’re either senile or a Bot .
Nothing. You summed it up in that tweet. Idk why you bothered with that link.
Fire Mueller and pardon them all including self, let’s get this show on the road. Quit wasting taxpayers money.
Go to prison on NY State charges that can't be pardoned by the Pres....
Nah, it's not the news media painting that picture, it's Trump's tweets.
Mike Huckabee, I like you more and more every day (and your daughter is pretty badass too)!! Thank you for standing with our President!! #IStandWithTrump
Have you seen the Sarah Huckabee Sanders Lie Tracker?
Has nothing to do with religion.
Enlighten me then.
Separation of church and state.
That the right doesn't believe in. Care to try again?
Sure we do.
How so?
Huckabee's article had nothing to do with religion. I'm not sure I understand your question.
Wouldn’t you be mad if there was a video of prostitutes peeing on you, huck?
News reports? Rather doubtful.
MAGA
its all hype and bs and bafflejab
Well I still think it’s a big witchhunt
