They hate @PressSec Sarah Huckabee Sanders because she represents every aspect of American womanhood that we admire: intelligence, grace, empowerment, patriotism, and beauty. The troll who trashed her at the #WHCD was too dim to memorize her own “jokes.” She had to read them.
I've been saying that for a year. @RealJamesWoods is the true voice of reason and the ultimate snowflake melter.

And Mike your daughter is the best press secretary ever.

#America #Maga
#Truth
Love em both 
Sorry the deplorable press correspondence were so vile and disgusting to your daughter. Rest easy knowing that they only treat good people poorly. Had she been a terrorist or related to Fidel Castro she would of had their utmost respect.

Ooohhh my feelings are hurt,!
Who does Sara get the talent for lying from - you or her mother?
Thanks Ric this made Me Laugh  .... Awesome .
He wasn’t very nice to me, Mister Hucklebee.
  I never knew you snagged him. That's a big fish!
I got everybody back in those days.
You crack me up!!! Thanks for the laughs....
Yup on crack for sure.
We have to consider the source and take it from there. Sarah is such a beautiful gracious and intelligent lady. There is simply no contest. Sarah has them so outclassed it is pathetic.

Oh that is the funniest pic I've seen all day, I almost p****d myself laughing so hard. Thanks
Never a problem
He does. I see him often.
“ A Strong Woman accepts both compliments and criticism graciously, knowing that it takes both Sunshine and Rain for a Flower  to grow” Mandy Hale.....God bless your beautiful daughter, Sarah !
That wasn't "criticism," that was deliberate bullying.  And it wasn't a "roast."  Roasts are meant to be friendly, humorous "insults."
Clearly you’ve never seen a toast before
I frequently have toast with jam. I’ve seen many roasts starting with reruns of Dean Martin Roasts. Those could be biting but  hilarious. you knew they genuinely liked each other & said so. this was just a bottom feeder’s attempt to disguise hatred as “humor”.  Oh & they were 
Lol the dean Martin roasts. Join us in the 21st century, pal!
Pal!  There are plenty of great roasts to pick from. The rest are just wanabees!  Get a life Pal...Don’t waste my time.
You tweeted me first, pal!!!
No I did not idiot. I posted the tweet about the poll and responded to someone else. Go to twitter school. I am not your Pal. How old are you 90?
My day is made, two of my favs unite! And @PressSec was amazing last night
Wow what a great looking couple!
We support @PressSec @WhiteHouse TRASHY MICHELLE WOLF HAS NO CLASS INSTEAD OF COMPLIMENTING #SarahHuckabeeSanders Michelle Wolf attack @PressSec looks and appearance, very sad to see a woman who degrade another woman to satisfied, their hatred to our PRESIDENT @GovMikeHuckabee
She actually did not mock her appearance. She did say she lies, big difference.
She did mock her appearance. Good grief.
Wrong and it is sad that you hold a comedian more accountable than the bully in the WH who has said way worse. TRUTH
Gov., my wife and I love your daughter. She is doing a great job and carries herself with class and dignity.
If that’s your idea of a great job, I hope you don’t run a company!
You are both sick and represent all that is anti Christian.
#MikeHuckabee #JamesWoods
You’re not bad yourself. Plus, Sarah is an Angel!
So true, Sarah is a beautiful woman, she is very good at her job. Jealousy runs rapid when the Dems see such a strong upstanding woman.
Yes, these so called liberal progressives cannot stand it when a woman like Sarah possesses such beauty, strength, dignity and intelligence.   Stay the course Sarah
Truth!  We love Sarah, and she is an inspiration to so many young girls!  
America loves Sarah Sanders the Democrats are all jealous of her because she rocks at her job she knocks them down a peg on a daily basis and she looks so good doing it each and every day! Plus at the end of the day she has a beautiful family to go home to! # Love  Sarah
There are a number of people of whom I’m jealous.  Sarah Huckabee Sanders is most definitely not one of them.  Not by a longshot.
And the joke’s on you- I don’t have any friends!
I’m not surprised 
Well, I’ve always been an introvert and a loner.  Had a group friends back in my 20’s (and yes, they were liberals ), but we drifted apart, and it ain’t that easy to make new friends in your 30’s.
True! So happy to read his tweets. You can see wisdom and honesty in every one of them. We love you, Mr. Woods!
Well she has a vagina so...
Welp 
Jackwads. 
Governor, you and your family have served our country with honor, integrity, and dignity. Your daughter is an asset to our POTUS. Your family has served as a wonderful role model family for all American families. Thank you for all you stand for. God bless you and keep you safe.
James Woods does have the best twitter feed. Him and @realDonaldTrump own twitter.
Governor Huckabee always says it like it is. And I love his quick wit!
The tragedy of this event is how the leadership defines comedy.  What has happened to comedy?  It's turned into garbage.  Why do we listen? 

This was not only a personal attack on Sarah @PressSec  - it was an attack on Conservative women.
The WHC dinner is trash.  Too bad, when one considers the class and quality of previous comedians for the past almost 100 years, excluding the last few years. If the WHCA wants a trash the @POTUS and @PressSec event, then they need to create another event so no one will attend.
Tell that coward to unblock me
He's calling Sarah Huckabee beautiful inside and out. 
Mike and James would disown her if she were a liberal whether she told the truth or not, beautiful or not.
We love @PressSec Sarah
Your daughter is my hero... I love her!!!!
Not that it matters... but she is gorgeous and some women can’t handle the fact that she is what they wish they were
She dares speak ill of Sarah??
Lol its fake but I wouldn't put it past her. She is trash.
Lmao absolutely agree.  Those teeth stains look like dog biscuits caused them. .
What every young girl should seek as a role model! We desperately need these!
Right. More liars
We the Patriots of the United States of America stand behind our @PressSec. No one can handle these #Presstitutes the way she does.
You sir and your beautiful daughter @PressSec are American heroes.
Mike, you did an awesome job raising such a wonderful daughter such as Sarah! She is simply the BEST press secretary at  handling those hyenas! She got a lot of her fathers intelligence and  spunk! Good job!
You and Mrs Huckabee done good with Sarah Governor. We are all proud of her. Stand tall.
Next to you, he’s my favorite! Oh, and @therealroseanne is my #1! Sorry Governor! 
We do too! Love at @PressSec as well! #MAGA
Let’s face it ... @RealJamesWoods is brilliant
Straight shooter’s, like our President.  We hear and respect what you both say, and can relate. I love both @GovMikeHuckabee and @RealJamesWoods.  Both the “ real deal “.
Sarah is an example for all young women. She is beautiful, smart and classy.
Yes he does! BTW, Give your daughter a big hug from us!
Do we want a @RealJamesWoods show on @FoxNews , maybe @FoxBusiness, maybe Sundays, maybe five nights a week?
For @PressSec
Governor.  You have a very beautiful daughter, inside and outside beauty.  All those trolls are only in envy of her because she’s a strong, smart woman with unapproachable morals.
And it's also a great complement to you and your wife. Great job @GovMikeHuckabee  You've been honored.
HAHAHAHA THAT’S A GOOD ONE! #BlueWave
you have a problem?
I love the way she handles herself and the media!  Makes me chuckle!
Maybe @RealJamesWoods, being the most sought-after man in Tinseltown, could land her some work.  #Typecast
This schmuck lives in Troll land. Blocked.
I’m with you Mike and your wonderful daughter Sarah. We’ll stand strong against the haters and pure evil in this country. 
You did a good job raising her. 
Sure... if you think condescention, arrogance, and a propensity for lying as good qualities. #Resist
We hate @PressSec Sarah Sanders because she’s a condescending b*tch.  That screwed up c*nt look on her face at every press briefing doesn’t scream like me.
Governor, your daughter is not only a strong woman and beautiful inside and out but true people that want a Better America love her for all she is! You must be very proud of her as we all are!!!
#SarahHuckabeeSanders We, the people love Sarah.  Beautiful Patriot.  We stand with her as women and moms.
Your daughter is an inspiration for women, and men, and all of  America. God bless her red white, and blue heart. #IstandwithSarah
Governor, you have every right to be proud of @SarahHuckabee . She is fighting a nasty fight against a guerrilla media. She is awesome and we stand with her.
Agree but yours is a favorite too!
LMAO... Your bar is pretty low...LMAO..
I totally agree with James, Governor
Totally agree!
Sarah Huckabee Sanders...a tremendous role model for young women and old ones like me. Sarah, we love you!!!!!
She’s a role model for liars
Bot
There are some of us who try equally as hard to elicit wit & intelligent intuition in defending our country's conservative ideology - I do agree with your observations & I unquestionably admire your daughter as well who serves as a wonderful role model for America's young women
And also, make no mistake about it Governor, I too am a big fan of both yourself & Mr. Woods & a strong supporter of #POTUS -
Sarah Sanders Huckabee is no nonsense, honest, amazing, intelligent and makes me proud to be an 
American!...
If you’re not legit & don’t speak the truth, she will crush you!!
I would've been serving knuckle sandwiches. I am not as forgiving some, Sarah was as strong as she needed to be in that moment, bravo, bravo
Praying she serves her revenge cold!
BREAKING: GET TRUMP Part 3 gives you the dirty details of how Hillary's campaign revived an old Russian Hack from 2015, one they ignored for over six months, but decided to employ as part of their new Trump Russia narrative in April 2016. Must read MAGA


Your daughter has many defenders, and we love her beauty, intelligence, and faith.
How about that dog your son tortured and killed?
Sarah is beautiful and an outstanding role model for all girls. And women, too!
Hahahaha good one and I thought you weren’t funny!!
I love yours too. They are really funny 
We love him too!!!
Gov, Mike , James Woods is silently fighting this on line battle against all wrong minded people ,,,,,,,,,, And James is Winning .....  I do admire that Man . #MAGA
She’s wonderful! And her smile is so beautiful.
Agreed Mike!
I like him too. And you too.
I didn't of course watch it, but from what I heard it was ghastly, and a terrible thing for a father to have to watch, so I can imagine what a welcome salve Mr. Woods words were. But know this: Sarah has an army of supporters who share every sentiment Mr. Woods expressed.
I know that's right! God bless Sister Sarah! Ignore the haters! God bless our Press Secretary! ⚘
always!
As usual your daughter and her husband were the classiest people in that room. That vile pig of a “comedian” isn’t qualified to shine Sarah’s wedding ring.
LOL....
@ThomasWictor  has the best Twitter feed, Gov.
@ThomasWictor is fabulous and in my top five feeds to follow. James and Thomas are both excellent in very different ways.
Do you like young girls like he does too?
They mock Melania too, Sarah is in good company.
The only reason @PressSec and @FLOTUS get mocked is because of the pig they have to put lipstick on.
Yes, Sir.  And, as her daddy, you are showing great restraint.  You're a great family, and we are proud to have such a strong woman in @PressSec.  I pray over Sarah a lot...tough job!  
Anyone who doesn't believe these Trumpsuckers are completely delusional,please read about the last 100 or so tweets in this thread. ABSOLUTELY ASTOUNDING!
He has some really freaky followers. Yikes!
Indeed!
He is right though about being dim witted and not remembering her own jokes.  ha ha  Sarah is awesome and does a top notch job.  POTUS couldn't have chosen better.  And... she's REAL with a true beauty.  I just love watching her.
She’s a liar just like Trump
Agree

MIKE TALK SOME SENSE INTO JAMES WOODS ABOUT RUNNING FOR GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA !!! YOU WERE OUR GOVERNOR FOR MANY YEARS AND DID A GREAT JOB AND HE WOULD ALSO FOR CA!! 
# NOTHING WRONG WITH YOUR DAUGHTER THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THOSE HUMAN TRASH CANS WHO CAN'T FIND A COMEDIAN WITH NATURAL ABILITY & TALENT THAT DINNER WAS A DISGRACE 2 ALL REAL COMEDIANS INCLUDING THIS MAN !
We Love Sarah ... She's All an All American Girl.. God Bless her.. She's got Nothing but Class~~
maybe you can get him to pay his child support, mickey.  i hear he's behind, quite a bit, on it.

You want a popsicle, pony, and play-doh now? #triggered
Your no slouch Mike 
https://mobile.twitter.com/courtenlow/status/990778551329869825 …

Snopes was no help; urban legend or the real deal?
You know, if you tweet Mike Huckabee about that time his son killed a dog, he'll block you and then you'll be free of ever seeing his tweets again, like I am.
Careful little Donnie’s gonna get jealous.
James is right
We all love  Sarah
Trigger a liberal...

Tell em to look this up on Snopes 
He is Mike and my wife and I love u and Sarah. We live in Louisiana but consider Ark our good neighbors. We've always lived y'all since u were gov. Tell Sarah she was fabulous in the face of the lib trash @WHCD
We love you and Sarah too Sir. God bless.
And you sir, have the best ever daughter #SarahSanders
Trump’s triumphs are driving liberals mad...
She’s a bright shining like amongst the hate and dark muck of the swamp!
my thoughts exactly. that's the way bitchy women are. another woman's success makes them feel inferior so they try to bring her down to their level! Will never happen there!

Yup I love this to. James Wood should run for office of some kind.
Ever wonder why progressive females refer to themselves as "female" rather then WOMAN?  think why
Hey gov , we are all so proud of your daughter what a beautiful lady , and I’m sure most of the women in this country are proud of her today
I would agree
Amen
It sure is and shes tough
https://twitter.com/politicritic1/status/990742252057133057 …
Amen!!!  Love Sarah!  They go low, we go to the polls! #StrongConservativeWomen
Yes she does. She represents the average American working woman. Mom, I come contribute and career woman. How dare they!
Sooooo agree Governor!  The tweets of reasonableness!  Hard to dislike and discredit!

Yes he is Governor!!!
Amen
He’s just fantastic
Lol we all do Gov. Oh and your not partial right??  hehe. Your daughter does a good job!
At lying!
No, at taking her daily talking points, relaying them and standing there facing many dumb questions from the hacks. She puts them in their place when need be. Sadly, many times they need to be. All the way down to a pecan pie, because that is how ridiculous and low they go
Your a wonderful family that America loves. Sarah was stunning last night.
Love from the Huck
Solid
HE IS THE BEST!!!
Yes, he deserves a twitter award.
James Woods is the best...I love reading his tweets!
As the father of 4 daughters myself I'm so sorry this happened to your daughter. Shows how far into the pit some will go.
Absolutely  !!!
Agree
The best! 
You love him because he's a LIAR just like your daughter.  #FAKECHRISTIAN
This is the man you so admire? #JamesWoods? An alleged propositioner of under age girls?
Christian values indeed.
#MikeHuckabee
shall we go down memory lane on all the disgusting, despicable & hurtful thing's you've said over the past few years, mr huckabee?  things joe walsh agreed with?  how about your boy, trump?  repubs sure are snowflakes.  can dish it out, then whine like babies, when it's returned

#TrumpCircus #Karma #TrumpLies #TheResistance #BlueWave2018
.@michelleisawolf #MichelleWolf is SICK. U dont have 2 b a rocket scientist 2 know how twisted her mind is. This is NOT being funny but it was in her head. Insulting WOMEN? How did #metoo #Hypocrites LOVE IT? Every #American should b REPULSED by this. #LIberalismIsAMentalDisorder
First person I saw that actually made sense of that. Amen to you.
The clips I watched showed an obviously drunk comedian trying to be funny and failing.
Epic failure.
He’s a big wuss who blocks anyone who calls him out.
By the way. What was his last big role? Oh yeah voiceover on The Simpsons

@PressSec makes us proud.
She is a model for US all 
You can be proud @GovMikeHuckabee
I love James Woods too, and I can’t understand why he refuses to marry me! See, that’s humor. What Michelle Wolf did last night was not humor.
Well said.
This is why James Woods does not act often anymore -- no substance.
Can’t handle locker room talk, snowflake?
He is even worse than Trump. Dear God, the right's hypocrisy is ridiculous.
Intelligence, grace, empowerment? No, but rude, disrespectful, and duplicitous is more like it.
Really? He dates 22 year olds, abused drugs his whole career and has been with hundreds of women some barely legal. Thought you were a Christian boy? Or only when it’s convenient?
Gov. @GovMikeHuckabee Is that dinner on the taxpayer dime, if so lets make the media pay for their own trash! They are not fit too be in the same building with @PressSec

The liberal left does not know how to handle a strong intelligent woman. So they resort to the only thing they know, insults.
Like when Trump called Rosie a pig.
Or about where Meghan bleeds from?
How about the time he said a woman wasnt attractive enough for him to sexually assault?
Yes lets make sure there are higher standard in the WhiteHouse
If the state of our great Nation stays on the path of greatness it’s on, Trump could do that impression before every speech for all I care!
You find that dignified?
Actually think that was a pretty disgraceful act. It’s just nice to have someone in office who actually cares about America, and has pulled back the curtain and showed everyone that government can work swiftly
I think it is rather harsh to say others do not care about America. They may have other views on how to do stuff, but this approach ( both sides) is part of the problem. It removes dialogue and  replaces it with allegations. Mostly unfounded.
#StellarSarahHuckabeeSanders
You sir, have the best daughter in the White House!  Kudos!  #StandWithSarahSanders #MondayMotivaton
You are 100 % correct! He is a great patriot and loves this country and has no problem defending what he believes and his convictions he also has compassion&kindness what he did for my husband by posting his go fund me page to his Twitter page was the act of kindness so grateful
She represents the best of the lying sacks of shit who live in the USA.

Wow really?
You have raised a wonderful Christian woman..Sarah is an example of how women should be..She is classy, respectable, honest, a mom, a hard worker, and most of all a child of God...Thank YOU for raising such a beautiful person.
Your daughter is beautiful in EVERY way; outside, and most of all inside. Her dignity and strength in the face of such innapropriate mockery only goes to show just how much those ugly jokers are WRONG. G-D bless you. You must be very proud to be her father.
For anyone that's mad at Michelle Wolf's jokes about Sarah Huckabee Sanders, just remember that Sarah is the one that defends and proudly speaks about the POS that did this.
I know that 2 wrongs don't make a right , therefore thoughts and prayers for Sarah.
Will you at least acknowledge that I have the best Twitter feed offline?   
I don’t know about “best” Twitter feed; yours is right up there with him. Maybe you two could share the “award”.
Absolutely!

Hypocrite.
James sure does!!!
That says a lot, actually.  You’re both idiots.
You're daughter is beautiful 
Also, I don't believe for a minute that evil genius James Woods actually believes what he's saying, but that he's just appealing to your base of supporters because he thinks they are stupid...
snowflake
Whatever happened to women not stomping on other women 
The ladies I know relate to your daughter @GovMikeHuckabee 
Not the unladylike troll who did the stomping.
So do his low IQ/EQ followers...
After reflecting on my outrage this this morning, I now want to pray for @PressSec and a healing balm of Gilead on her. Forgiveness is a part of that healing, not to forget but to turn away from personal vengeance. May God bless her steps mightily and protect her and family.
Right
Sarah has more class & beauty than the entire audience combined.
He is tops!
I look forward to James Woods’ tweets daily!  He puts into words exactly what I’m thinking.
I’m with you!

Amen!
for someone who claims to hate political correctness, tells corny jokes about people, and always talks about "telling it like it is," you are being such a colossal whiny BITCH today.
I only have 3 objections to @PressSec: 1) She's not single. 2) She's not Jewish. 3) She's not looking. In my next life, I hope she is single, Jewish and looking. Otherwise, she's pretty d@ng close to perfect.
You are so right
We love Sarah I use her as a roll model for my granddaughters
Did you let Trump grab her by the pussy yet what since you have no issue with him speaking about people like that.
How about this suggestion be done for your White House Press corps are told to read the following notice and sign that you have read it. "If you get out of line once, you'll be escorted out of the room, immediately." "Your company will have to re-apply to be allowed back in."
That horrid so called "comedian" who wasn't even funny, had the balls to say ugly things about Sarah. She has to live 10 lifetimes to be such an incredible woman as Sarah.
#JamesWoods  speaks the truth..a true patriot..we will win this round of anti America
I feel sorry for @PressSec, she works for a man who makes her job very hard. He makes her lie for him and then sabotages even that. He ruins everyone that works for him. I hope she is has a personal damage control file.
Although I will say she’s doing a better job than the last 2 that previously held her title.
Hi Gov. Mike ,

A Sunday treat :)

This is Michelle Wolf's DAUGHTER
Michelle Wolf Daughter Known as Woahh Vicky on social media was not invited to the #WHCD 
We love Sarah. She is beautiful and smart. You must be a very proud Dad.( I know you are!)
I’m with James. Sarah is amazing, and a great role model for young ladies.
Amen and we all love and respect Sarah
Love What Both of You Are Saying  & I Agree Godbless Conservatives  True Americans !
I love Sarah too! She was beautiful and showed such strength at the WHCD!

James Woods had near-perfect SAT scores, and an IQ of 184.
Woods was a brilliant student who achieved a perfect 800 on the verbal and 779 on the math portions of the…
I agree 100%~James Woods is a great American Patriot~~

Both men are fascinating I give them a 10
Did his kid kill a dog too?
Yes, We Love and Respect her. What a blessing she is. The fruit dosen't fall far from the tree.
