THEY WOULDN’T READ IT!!
Many responses mention mean comments about Michele/Barack O. I read some nasty comments over the past 8 yrs which were uncalled for.  Nothing compared 2 the HATRED expressed by libs.Most ppl believe whatever they hear bc they have no argument.Friendships have dissolved ovr poltcs
Melania take your son and run far away! Trump is done and going away for a long time, you will finally be free from the horror!
Physician heal thy self.
Love the golden rule.  #peepeetape
Prettiest @FLOTUS America has ever had! 
And that’s important.
Seriously?
Yes and your fearless leader is certainly setting the standard
You need to direct this to you daughters boss @realDonaldTrump
You mean like this???
You know nothing about the Golden Rule and neither does Melania . . . .
how can you talk about the golden rule when you are constantly slinging shit??
So, that means we can screw over people like Trump has and get away with it?
What a beautiful First Lady.
Because that’s important.
You talking about the golden rule equates to Hitler speaking about good will to mankind !!?
how about a primer on the Golden Showers?
Maybe you ought to follow what you think others should follow...
the pot calling the kettle black? You should remind your dtr not to go ROGUE in the PS room about comey &acting like trump,when all taxpaying American citizens want are answers to ?s! btw..whoever puts that mess on her eyes must hate her. Honest.
“Golden” might not be the word you want to use when speaking of Trumps
The "Golden Rule" was given by Jesus of Nazareth, who used it to summarize the Torah: "Do to others what you want them to do to you." and "This is the meaning of the law of Moses and the teaching of the prophets" (Matthew 7:12 NCV, see also Luke 6:31).
How have YOU treated Comey?
You're dealing with animals Governor!
Don't waste your breath.  They all will come tumbling down as most weak cowards do.
The #Bimbo is getting treatment no different than that the #Christians gave the Clinton and Obama. 

#MAGA #FakeChristian #KARMA
Don’t waste your time; they have no shame and no conscience—only agenda.

Haha, you mean Golden Shower!!
She is such a wonderful First Lady pure class with a heart.
She was a porn star. Is that your class?
MELANIA we love you, Do no listen to those GARBAGE BAGS COMEY, MCCABE, AND THOSE LOW LIFE WHO PRETEND TO BE FUNNY WHEN THEY ARE PATHETIC.  you are great, love your husband, he is our CHAMPION and he and BARRON needs you. GOD BLESS.
Yes melania , love your husband everyone else gets paid to do it
Write ur piggy daughter a new script
Mike Huckabee touched me down there once........ SANDUSKY!!!!!
You mean the golden shower, right?
I think I just vomited a bit.

Mike go to the NY Post spread! If Michelle Obama were displayed like Melania was you would have called her all kind of bad names. You have no moral authority and I hope I'm directly behind you when we stand before God in judgement! AWAY! I Know You not!
You get on Twitter and MOCK and BELITTLE and TAUNT and RIDICULE people all day. You shouldn’t be writing a primer on anything except how to be an angry, bitter, snarky old man.
Mike you could enlighten everyone on the Golden Showers. It was said Trump had the prostitutes bring 2 additional gallons of Aquafina with them! A Golden Shower morphed into a Golden Storm..i.e, STORMY
Didn’t you write: “Do the right thing” in you past life?
Not to be confused with @POTUS ‘s Golden Showers.
MIke, only golden things you and your false Trump god know about are Golden Showers, you freak!
.@GovMikeHuckabee To call pardoning Scooter Libby an "act of courage" is reprehensible, especially considering our president has repeatedly attacked Andy McCabe for allegedly breaking the same laws. So much for *decency and civility* and following the *Golden Rule*. #Hypocrite
GREAT TWEET @GovMikeHuckabee!
WHY DID PRESIDENT TRUMP'S
WIFE & DAUGHTER VOTE FOR
HILLARY?
WHY DOES TRUMP'S WIFE FOLLOW 
OBAMA ON TWITTER?
WHY DOES OBAMA FOLLOW
TRUMP'S WIFE ON TWITTER?
WHY DOESN'T SHE BLOCK OBAMA?
Is that the golden shower ? Or the golden rule I get confused
love our @FLOTUS 
I wrote one for college students...
Great idea! Start with the asshole in chief Trump
Huckabees golden rule of Anti-Christianity is to be as racist as possible so others will be as racist as he is.
Says the bully that made fun of Michelle for 8 years.
Yes!! They NEED it!!
Get off of her damn back. She’s married to the President. She’s not attempting to pass health care legislation like Hillary did as First Lady or make outrageous political statements and voice opinions like Michele Obama. First Ladies are NOT ELECTED. Leave Melania alone. Grow up.
Lol,seriously,have you been living in a bubble,you don't get to lecture people on decency and civility when the man running the Country bullies, name calls, threatens and overall acts like a spoiled brat on a daily basis
And maybe you should follow it yourself- you are ridiculous
Gov you and your wife have one Hellava daughter! You should be very proud

Jerk

Grow up!

You should really get out of your mother’s basement!
You should put some clothes on and put your beer away and come out of the basement
Unfortunately, Gov., they don't have a clue about The Golden Rule.....SAD
Tell us more about the Golden Rule. Does it apply only to liberals? You #hypocrite. You're a joke.
Michelle Obama was treated like garbage by Repub celebrities, they called her a horse and a fat-ass. Where was your outrage then?
It may be too late...
Sorry Gov the Holy Spirit chose 40 men...they wrote it all down...too many won't read and obey it to save their souls.
That’s all we need to get along with each other.
Is the Golden Rule “Run as fast as you can from your sham marriage”?
FLOTUS, Thank You!!!!!!
They hate the golden rule. Want to impose their debauchery on all
Write a primer for your kids to remind them that killing dogs is a no no... golden rule
I don’t think they can read.
Maybe you and your friend Trump should observe the Golden Rule as well.
Your daughter needs to learn that lesson and follow it.
Gov Huckabee I know you're a man of God but only God can love & forgive these animals. You can't teach decency to indecent people. Most of these monsters are on prescrip meds/mood stabilizers that give them freedom of conscience for what they say or do!
Fuck you, you fake Christian hypocrite.
Just shut the f*ck up. It's bad enough we have to listen to Miss Piggy lie to us.
You & anyone else who supports this administration are traitors. You don't give a shot about this country except what you can profit from it. You're a bunch of idiots, pathetic maggots.

I can not believe you went there. You often call people names and make horrible comments.
I going to
Maybe you should practice it before teaching it
Our president has a sex addition problem.
So rich coming from you. Hypocrite.
thou shalt not lie...even when the WH tells you to do so.. @PressSec
think trumps hair is blonde so you can worship the golden idol..which you do so well
There were many very shameful tweets that day.
Please do, Sir.
The First Lady supported the Birtherism lies. She is no innocent fair maiden.
There is an old saying, "what goes around comes around." Karma may catch up all of the haters who happen to be liberals.
Bot!
the golden rule??? you know you work for fox... rightt
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD READ IT YOURSELF, YOU DESPICABLE FRAUD!
Someone should...  but not you.  Are are not very nice to people who don't look like you, and don't pray like you.  You are not qualified.
You'd be wasting your effort ... they won't get past the word gold to even know there was an associated rule
Donald Trump on the golden rule. Is that a piss joke?
The savages you mention have no clue what the "Golden Rule" is nor would they follow it if they did.
EMILY DICKSON'S BOOK "ETQUETTE" was for me an addition to the Bible. How you treat people and the niceties of life. It's been lost by the dumming down of society. An uneducated population is easier to control.
P.S. COMEY'S BOOK SOUNDS LIKE X÷RATED FICTION.
The article was taken down
why don’t you suggest this to your daughter’s boss????
Pot, meet kettle. You’re one to talk. You live in an entirely glass house, chump.
- A GOOD IDEA FOR SURE - At least it's a start when they are "OBVIOUSLY" out of touch with "REALITY". EMBRACING TOTALITARIAN DICTATORS WHO COMMIT ATROCITIES AGAINST THEIR OWN PEOPLE WHILE SLAMMING OUR CHRISTIAN PATRIOTIC LEADERS WHO OFFER HOPE TO THEIR PEOPLE,
Trump knows about golden showers...maybe you can ask him to help you. #Clown
Your boy Donnie never mentioned the death, he shitted on about how well built his building was. Shame there was no sprinklers to assist putting the fire out!
And that applies to everyone but trump? Total hypocrite just like your daughter. The only gold Melania knows is what she’ll be paid for staying with trump to pretend he’s President and she’s First Lady . Hookers and grifters
Review your feed from the day. Remind yourself
I don’t  understand how people can be so mean, thank you Governor Huckabee.
Done if these posts ARE INSANE!
Write it in all 5 languages just to show them how smart they R . You R WINNING the  hearts of more Americans everyday.Ignore the noise on the left. America does not believe any of it . God Bless U 4 your sacrifice. We love U and PRESIDENT TRUMP. MAGA 

When are you all going to start asking her when she is leaving her cheating husband? How can she be an effective first lady when she can't keep a happy home?
Right!!! Isn't that how it goes? Hypocrites.
You truly are a hypocritical asshole!
Besides, which other First Lady has such a diverse photo history?
That's like Satan writing Bible verses....
They’re too far gone to reason with. But no one is beyond God’s grace, so keep praying.
You break the Golden Rule every single day the way you ridicule people Huckabee....especially women.
Sarah HIT the ball out of the park all the way to Waveland  Ave in Chi Town , Grand Slam .Wonder Woman is awesome . God Bless her MAGA. 

Celebrities are Bullies

They attack @FLOTUS and @PressSec unprovoked
Sarah lying Sanders now distracting herself further by acting Comey and defending the POS pornstar in chief.  #WheresYourFamilysChristianValues
The integrity of FLOTUS is impeccable! She and her family is constantly under attack and she carries on with grace!
You mean Golden Shower?
IDK about that, but if you're in Fort Worth, you need to let me cook you the best burger outside of your own BBQ grill and enjoy some TX hospitality.
Nice picture of the future co-respondent in the Trump divorce proceedings.
You mean like love your wife?
Seriously? about the only thing Golden about Trump is his showering habit.
Wow. You’re calling Governor Huckabee a ‘lying pig’?
Yeah instead of golden pee,like Trump is into
A top GOP fundraiser is an abortionist and an adulterer.
You mean: "don't cheat on your wife with porn stars" -- that Golden Rule?
Maybe you should write a book on how to gain back all the weight.
Did you mean the Golden shower? Lol

One thing about confident, secure women, we just don't care what hateful people think.  Success is it's own reward.  Play therapist and treat everyone, who tries to hurt you, like a mental patient, b/c they truly are sick
and what language will you use that they can read, Pelosian, Schiffian, sewerican. None of these can conjugate truthful statements
That ship sailed with President Obama with his methodology combined with Republicans joining in on the action. Which was was a trap.
They should leave her alone she is a dear sweat person who doesn’t deserve to be disrespected she is the First Lady for God sakes
No maybe Do it, Governor, They forgot the first lesson our parents taught us

Or golden shower
HEY MIKE,,,DO YOU TYHINK DONNY  BOINGKED YOUR DAUGHTER TOO!  @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Do you have evidence of that libelous statement, one that will stand up in a court of law?  If I were you buddy, I'd take my own advise, before you mouth writes a check your behind can't cash.  Have a great weekend!
advice*, your*
You can’t teach the thoroughly mixed, well-set ... especially when it’s cooked. 
Do you mean golden showers?
That would be just a tinge hypocritical, wouldn’t you say, Rev.?
Considering that CPAPs are used for a sleeping aid and the photo used in the tweet, that was innocently hilarious.
How could you compare that tweet to hate statements?
There is no excuse for the level of pure ouspoken hate from the left today.
It’s unprecidented.
Does the Golden Rule apply to dogs too?

How about Biblical family values?
Sarah was amazing today!
Don't you mean Golden Shower??
Poor Woman!  Husband screws anything with bit tits and blonde hair!
Please do. Make it mandatory reading for liberals that spend all day bullying online while collecting welfare.
I’m a liberal, very successful attorney.  Never collected welfare.  So go suck it.
Include yourself in that memo
Like this golden rule? #maga


The ceaseless bile directed at @BarackObama and @MichelleObama by the @GOP for 8 years was your "do unto others" and for you to act like wounded snowflakes now is as transparent as Donnie Dorko's hairline. You were neither decent nor civil. Buck up, Mike. It's almost over.
Best reply ever.
Do tell.
Very ACCURATE, Breaking Wind from CNN.
You should follow it.
That would only work with people that have a shred of humility to begin with. We're talking about people that are extreme left wing fascists.
Please tell us what godless people like you and trump think about the golden rule.
Ok Mikey enlighten me please. What is the golden rule. I've heard people make different quotes & label it the golden rule. What yours idea?
an while you are at it Mike ShuckABee, maybe you can write a "primer" on how to turn your back on the teachings of Christ/God/Bible all in favor of defending a sex-crazed, porn loving criminal like Trump; are you trying to save this devil, why do you defend the indefensible?
Guy who tweeted awful joke about Justice Ginsburg.  Guy to stood on stage with Ted Nugent.  I don't think you'll be lecturing me about civility.  Nope.
No need to be so rude to the huckster, we all make mistakes
Yeah but crapping your pants to dodge the draft is a special kind of. ...
Their "Golden Rule" means Hillary on a throne.
That's okay though, won't be too much longer till the conservative movement dies of old age lol. the baby boomers are already losing their numbers. Y'all are in for a rough ride. Buckle up "granny" it's our turn. <3
How's that working out for your daughter? Who laughably attempts to defend the indefensible. 

P.S. Does the golden rule also apply to dogs like the one your son killed?
#Golden
A great idea, what a great lady
YES!! It would be nice if you would suggest that President Trump put Prayer back in our schools & there will be no need for Gun Control.  GOD will protect the teachers & students.
Not taking the golden bait. Nice try Huck.
Maybe you should hit them with the ruler first
Thank you Governor Huckabee!
Read it to yourself, Gov.
Please do governor!
Best let somebody wayyyyy more qualified do it Mikey ....
I can assure you mr huckbee is plenty qualified, I know that from previous experience
Um ok. You can start with the President and his vile, unchristian tweets
This is one classy lady!
Yes, especially love the nude pics of her.  Also would like to see the picture of her on a legitimate passport instead of the one she got illegally.

Animals aren't put here for us to torture and use for food.  #SomeoneNotSomething 
was your son practicing the Golden Rule when he tortured and killed that dog, Mikey?
You could write one for Trump if you lead with the Golden Showers....
Isn't it time for you to give Kim Davis her sponge bath?
It wouldn’t help, they would just take the gold and run!
Love our First Lady!
They already know the Golden Rule.  "He who has the Gold makes the Rules."
