GOD IS ON THE THRONE VENGEANCE IS OF THE LORD’S  Our God is so faithful - He always protects His own
FLINT STILL DOESN'T HAVE CLEAN WATER!!
For the last two years Flints water quality tests have been normal
Michelle Wolfe stopped her Planned Parenthood & Chuckie Cheese world tour to host FAKE News galla! Wow, what a gal! Tear down other women too! What else can Michelle ?
K. WEST is best! He knows caring when he sees it! WEST is Best!
Ambushed? There's a roast every single year!
Do you know the difference  between roast and smear job.
Guess most cowards don't.
"denouncing snowflakes" is not exactly mean-defending your daughter is chivalrous +I'm sure Jonah would defend his daughter
Too bad there is no defense for his lying daughter...
More of the tolerant left
SO tolerant
@PressSec Sarah is a warrior, and role model, very few people could have taken the heat as well as she did (and does), and looked that good doing it. You should be very proud!
Give it up snowflake 
She did what Jesus did.  He/She said not a word.
In my opinion Wolf was on point ..  poor stupid mike Huckabee can’t see the forest for the trees
Ephesians 6:12 King James Version (KJV)

“12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.”  Keep up the good fight.
You are cheering on the wrong side. Just sayin...
. Sarah Huckabee Sanders for President if the United States in 2024–right after Donald Trump... 
Well, we WOULD be trading one morally bankrupt liar for another, so nothing would really change.
Michelle Wolf was hilarious! Sarah is a chronically lied 2 the American people. Sarah is almost as creepy as u & ur son!
It was a roast. What did she think was going to happen? She should have stayed home.
It was not a roast!  It was a dinner. Either way, this so called comedian was not funny and she went too far. Her “jokes” were insulting, demeaning, and disgusting. This event was not the place for this.
It was a roast, just like it has been for years. Sit down snowflake.
We love your daughter @GovMikeHuckabee You and your wife did a great job raising her! Thank you for your service Sir and thank you for sharing your family with us! #SarahSandersIsAwesome #GodBlessSarah
Yup, they raised her without a soul and scruples of any kind. No wonder it looks so effortless for her to lie for the orange toad.
@JonahNRO is in his "safe place"-- strategizing with fellow #NeverTrumpers @BillKristol and @GeorgeWill about how to regain relevance in an @realDonaldTrump world! #MAGA
Delusional much? 
Jonah has lost any credibility as a dispassionate conservative commentator. His hatred of President Donald Trump colors everything he writes.
Life will be so sweet when one of the greatest Presidents in American history is reelected. I will be laughing, thinking of people like you.
One of the most vile, deplorable, despicable thing I’ve ever seen! Deranged adults teach children how to Bully & Emotionally Abuse! Sarah is a woman w/ a soft soul & an honest !!  I would love for my 16-year-old granddaughter to meet her! 
And God does not like ugly
If you have a dog (Trump) that saved your child (USA) from drowning but he chewed up your sock this morning....you still love your dog...he’s still a hero
#GodBless your awesome daughter #SarahHuckabeeSanders #SarahSanders  She really is #GraceunderPressure 
 Yet another religious hypocrite heard from.
There is #Class & there is #Classless & we know who represents what! Thank you @PressSec for your class, intelligence & grace! You are a beautiful role model for many! Thank you also @GovMikeHuckabee & your wife for raising such an inspirational woman!
So, the ability to lie, lie, lie, just like her morally bankrupt boss is something to admire? This country really is circling the drain...
Exactly.  Triggered people are weak and are ruled by emotion.  They are the ones who make nasty replies and then block you on their way out.
Looks like snowflake conservatards are the triggered ones here. 
Sarah would make any Father proud!
Any father who wants a morally bankrupt liar for a daughter. In that case, Mike made out well.
And she hasn’t been making the news circuit crying about being a victim. Instead she said she will pray for the comedian.
And I too will pray for Michelle Wolf as well. May God bless and keep Michelle Wolf strong and dish out more roasts in the future.
I too will pray for Michelle Wolf that she use another form of humor & not target any person personally I HATE that kind of humor I wouldn’t want to be publicly picked on or bullied let’s set better examples for younger generations
It's the White House Correspondents Dinner. You show up because you expect roasting of yourself and others.
Ok you go next time
I sure will. Just as soon as I become White House Correspondent or even the boss of one. I love roasting people. My favorite person to roast is myself. You people are way too sensitive.
Roasting people in good humor is fun. But channeling your inability to accept an election is just more of this

I had to do a video addressing this whole, @michelleisawolf v @SarahHuckabee #WHCD controversy! Stop being offended by jokes!
#fuckyoudonnie…
Trump said he loved the "poorly educated" because ignorance is a habit, a dependency.  It is a condition that provides a warm blanket and pacifier to those that need easy answers to the complexities of life.  Being "comfortably numb"  as Pink Floyd noted, can be quite satisfying.
Hey, goofball, Trump said he loved ALL LEVELS OF EDUCATION.

He won them all.  That was his point.  Context matters.

You're poorly educated compared to someone with a terminal degree.

P.S. You have a beautiful wonderful daughter.
Too bad she lies with impunity. That character flaw is quite unattractive.
You know Karma is heck and our God always takes care of those that love/trust him! God Bless our Sara..
So, lying like a cheap rug is A-ok with you and your sad god. Got it.
Governor Huckbee you have one brave and awesome daughter she has what it takes to hep undo the miss that we are in

Your daughter has real class. These people are just trash with a lot of money. I hope she realizes there are a lot of people that love and admire her.
WHY, on Earth do you people admire liars, con people, and bullies? What caused you to set the bar so low? You cheer on the most morally bankrupt people to ever soil our government. The blatant hypocrisy is astounding.
You are exactly right, Governor. If this happened to a liberal, they would be running to a “safe place” or a “cry room”. Not Sarah. She stuck it out in their face! Our government needs strong leadership by the admin and staff and Sarah is an example of that.
Are you aware that these roasts happen regularly, during both democratic and republican administrations?
Yes but never as bad as this.
It was your duty to raise a daughter who knows how shameful it is to make a living lying at the expense of the people she is meant to be helping #dadfail
WHAT???
WHAT ARE YOU SMOKING ON THE LIBTARD PLANTATION??
YOUR JOB WAS TO REMOVE THOSE MENTAL CHAINS!
WHAT HAPPENED??
Your first mistake is assuming I am a liberal, but that is the binary world you live in, so ...
Your daughter is doing great.  I wonder if we should do like the old time preachers and have a prayer room above the press room filled with spiritual elders praying during briefings?  Bring in the presence and authority of God.

Schools need to have#prayer rooms.
Gov, you're old enough to remember Don Imus and his act in front of the Clintons.
Triggered?  whinny #trumpflakes had a meltdown because a comedian roasted shrek ... oh my bad you’re daughter.
@PressSec behaved w dignity and grace. I’m sorry she had to deal with such cutting comments. She is strong, and will be even stronger for her experiences. 

#conservativewomendeliver
Hippo Hypocrite whine b1tch
Was your daughter, Sarah, invited or was she ordered to go by her boss who is too cowardly to face the press and the consequences of his decades of lies and abhorrent behavior?  I thought you were a former pastor. Didn’t you teach Sarah to tell the truth and not lie?
I think your confused, that would be Obama and the Clinton’s your  referring to when you said decades of lies and abhorrent behavior.
Wahhh wahhh. Need a safe space . The comedian made a mean joke
So proud of my homegirl, Sarah!!
So, you must be an inveterate liar too. Good to know.
Governor, you'll like this.
"Ambushed and bullied". Getting roasted is something everyone expects at the White House Correspondents Dinner. Do you go to a barbecue and expect only a salad?
No, but you also don't expect a poisoned burger.
You've never watched the #WHCD have you?
This is suchhhh a good retort!
Michelle is a dog,
You & your wife did a great job!!!
What?! Did you say safe place? Go back to your therapist until your ready for the adult table . . .
Do you know how flawed this article is? Psychology & it’s proponents will tell us that normal is a cliche, yet the very foundation of psychology based on normal behavior . . . what the greater percentage of people think, say & do. Talk about the height of hypocrisy
Stop crying you big snowflake! Sarah lies for this POS every day and this will not be the worst thing to happen in her life! All sins must be paid and she has a whole lot of paying to do!
Safeplace?
@PressSec is despicable she got what she deserved
Bullied? Wow. That’s some real hypocrisy flying around there. Not to mention a blatant misuse of the word.
"http://Thank.you.4.what.you.do.in.service.to .our.Nation.give."daughter.#.1"."http://a.big.hug.and.love.from.me ."."the.MSM.ARE.COMMIE.INTERLOPERS.FULL.OF.HATE.WORTHY.OF.ANTI-TRUST.BREAK.UP."."REDESIGN.THE.PLATFORM"..

Sir, we know that dads protect their babies. But Sarah Huckabee Sanders handled the situation perfectly. Michelle Wolf is a comedian. Try not to worry about it.
BULLYING IS NOT COOL.
BULLY MOMMA MAKES BULLY KIDS,BULLY KIDS GET HURT, REJECTED AND ACT OUT. WAY TO GO SAD LADY.

In celebration of peace between North and South Korea....How can anyone question @POTUS and his ability to lead our country! Thank you so much Mr. President! 
you know governor, shooting a man through the heart or his pinky toe, it's all the same.
And that poor dog, who was tortured and killed by your grotesquely obese son...
Jonah & “never-Trumpers” shoot both sides from where they stand but never offer a working realistic alternative. They tear down, not build.
Love Sarah and she did not deserve that kind of treatment. I suggest she decline future attendance!
I’m with  ya.. she isn’t my daughter, though , I know how you must feel. I was more than disgusted with  the horrible tasteless comments made. My support for your feelings !!!

lol no one likes you or your daughter or your puppy killing son. your daughter was only at the head table because her boss is too chickenshit to sit there, or hold a press conference in well over a year.

Your daughter made a CHOICE to defend a misogynistic chauvinist ignorant disgrace of a man named @realDonaldTrump. She chose that as her job, sir. As a consequence, she was called out for it. @michelleisawolf told the TRUTH, something ALL of you choose NOT to see. 
Poor Rev Huck...doesnt realize hes in the belly of a great fish.
She got a taste of her own medicine. It’s called BENDING OVER and taking one for the TEAM. She’s a great sport
Jonah’s article is a prime example of virtue signaling. He passes judgment on others, but ignores is “hate Trump” coalition that would rather destroy America than support Trump.
M W@was disgusting. She should be ashamed of herself! Sarah is a beautiful Lady!!!!!
#FakeChristian
Jonah is an unrepentant never Trumper.  He would rather see our country go down the tubes than see President Trump succeed.

A great LADY!
Screw them
Gotta cancel dinner before that invite Kathy Griffin
I pay no attention to @jonahgoldberg. Last stages of TDS. He has lost all credibility with me. His hate for @potus is caustic.

Sanders is a strong woman, but her job is to lie to the public & make 45 look like an Honorable man. I've heard jokes about Sanders, the roast was kind to her.
I stopped  my subscription to NR years ago! It’s an elitist publication that either doesn’t or refuses to “get” normal Americans! Refused to endorse @realDonaldTrump!
Mike, as a father of 2 girls myself I applaud your PATIENCE and self-control with these SCUMBAGS who constantly attack your daughter. She is a beautiful, intelligent, quick and witty woman. God bless you for raising her & God Bless her for tolerating a constant string of A-holes.
Your daughter's "safe place" is somewhere with her lying, porcine, snout buried in a half gallon of Haagen Dazs Rocky Road!
Your daughter is a disgrace.
Go away seriously...you and that daughter are as phony as they come....don’t worry I’m sure another three times married multiple affair loser will come along for the family to attach to. Can’t wait for the grandkids to ask      “what’s a golden shower”
Love @PressSec Sarah!
One awesome woman!
Goldie is a joke
Enjoy your downward rapture along with your daughter.
Ah, so no one in your family had ever actually seen the WHCD before.  Okay, makes more sense now.
Like they say you can’t fix stupid!
You bet. Sarah is strong.  She doesn't need a crying room

Go Kanye
Your daughter doesn’t need you defending her.  Sit there and take it was exactly what she was supposed to do.  Bravo, she did it without crying like you.   Ambush?  Puuuulesse.  There were invitations FFS.  Jealous?  Bummed your kid is in the White House and not you?

Amen! Gov. Huck.
Ambushed and bullied.  What a bunch of nonsense.
The left lost the “debate” so now they slander.
If she can’t take the heat she should get out of the kitchen daddy !
#NeverTrumps trying to compare Kanye & Michelle Wolf is bs, The are threatened by Kanye
This from the guy who attacks children for trying to to action following seeing their classmates being slaughtered.  By the way, what was said about the @PressSec that wasn’t true?
Was that supposed to be English?
MICHELLE WOLF FOR PRESIDENT, NOTHING BUT TURTH, I GUESS KENYA WANTS TO BE A SLAVE, WE LIVE IN FREEDOM FOR NOW, IF THAT'S HIS CHOICE SO BE IT.
Stop crying, you hypocrite. Go get your coping play-doh.
He’s not poor yet but hopefully when #MAGA gets through with #NeverTrump he and @nro will be.
Grow some balls.
Don’t worry. We all know @JonahNRO is obtuse.
btw, I hear he’s cranking up the presses for another anti-Trump Special Edition to get a “real conservative” in 2020. Short list: Mitt or Jeb 2.0!
.@JonahNRO is an irrelevant imbecile who still hasn’t come to grips with his own impotence. Simple as that.
If you put yourself in the limelight take it
Sad commentary on Mr Goldberg and any “insight “ he has to offer. Jonah, wake up. This moral equivalence charade is beneath your intelligence
No she did not, nor did she take a vacay from the press briefings. You’re daughter is a strong confidant, faith filled, strong, classy lady, and a better Christian than me, I might have but someone by now! Lol! Good parenting, mom and dad!
I like how you pretend that your blanket accusations & divisive rhetoric against more than half the voters is just a "generic statement," but you condemn citizens for using their rights to mock the government. Your daughter is a complicit mouthpiece for a corrupt administration.


Dude let it go.  Your daughter stood in for a guy that was too chicken shit to come to the party and In Return got her ass handed to her by a fantastic comedian.  Stop crying move on
Ps flint still@doesnt have clean water but your daughter has a lovely Smokey eye
Not many people pay attention to him.
I felt nauseated for Sarah.........
God Bless her for praying for M. Wolf
Goldberg is right about something?

"Brrrrrrr. Why is it snowing in here?"

Signed, 

Satan
DemoRat crazy, that's it!
Who the HELL is Michelle Wolf, "NEVER" heard of her. Sarah should have slapped her teeth down her throat, just say'n.
Could someone tell me if this is credible because if true, this is huge! Video at the bottom
@JonahNRO - You really compare snowflake comments to “don’t knock it until you try it” - abortion “joke”???   #trueliberal
I can tell you one thing Sarah Sanders Huckleberry is more of a woman than I would’ve ever a been because of the minute that loudmouth started up on me I would’ve got up with a glass of water and threw it in her face
Poor Huck. Can’t see that walking into a roast, and then getting roasted, isn’t an ambush, and to keep calling it that is dishonest. A lie. One of those things that liars do. 
Apple doesn’t fall far, does it?
And before talking about others people appearance. She should look at a mirror herself!
She look like a monster with that hair and those teeth!
Spoken like a true Christian
Amen, we love Sarah, she's a strong and Intelligent woman. They are the weak MORONS that are still crying over killaries loss
Oh, Mrs. Sanders ain't running, no way.
I bet that dog your son killed wished it could of ran away to a safe place.
That is One Helluva @PressSec we got there, Gov. I would be the Proudest Daddy in The Land.
Poor you and @PressSec. If she can't take it get out. So much for her "Christianity". God said Thou Shalt Not Lie.
Disgusting Mike didn't care about Mika, Ted Cruz Wife , @rosieo @HillaryClinton @RepMaxineWaters and so on. Now, he's outraging...lol
And Trump comments on Fiorina’s face
Ambushed? Bullied?

It’s a roast! It’s been a roast for years!
"Anything goes" at a roast, just because it's a roast?
Too bad your son's dog didn't have a safe space.
Speaking of bullies.
Uhhh Looook.....
You right now... Grow up and move on.
All the safe places are reserved for Democrats they're the true snowflakes and hypocrites how sad for them

FWIW, I enjoy your sense of humor and I think Jonah is a joke.
Move on your giving this too much press.
“Ambushed and bullied”: so, you’re saying she was unaware there’s a tradition of a roast at this event? That she was too stupid or incompetent to research the event she was attending? Well, I suppose that seems plausible.
If someone is conscious that they’re basically a decent person, they’re able to laugh off a roast. I guess she must be a little self-conscious that she’s a paid liar, otherwise the roast wouldn’t rankle so much.
But Mike Pence did run and get to a safe space though, right? Because people in the stadium were protesting the murders of innocent people. Is there a nice cry-room on Air Force 2 or did he have to lock himself in the lavatory?
"Bullied". You're such a snowflake POS, Mike
Bro, you make terrible jokes every day and cry about people "not having a sense of humor" that would put an audience at a Crackerbarrel stand up night to sleep. Also, your son tortured a dog so let's slow down here and look in the mirror before you judge anyone as thin-skinned.
u must be proud of ur daughter. I like to respectfully refer to her as Sarah the Sledgehammer. Wy? because she's quiet low key very powerful and when she hits a journalist BOING! they know they've been hit! She's great!
And you know qhen the sledgehammer is going to hit when she gets that cute lopsided smirk and her eyebrow goes up! 
Cry closets? Thought they were calling ..... PORTAPOTTIES!! The big flush. this country needs an Enema!!
You just can't hide your hypocrisy!  Oh, the big bad comedian said my daughter lies for a living.  but she said it in a funny way.  The same way she talked about everyone at the dinner.  But, but...  Yeah, we know who needs the safe place, snowflake!
@jon
amen
Jonah isn’t terribly bright.

They both have red curly hair?  Wow. Nothing gets by You.
When a filthy person is sinking in the mud let them sink.Sarah was cool & dignified. Her manner repelled the mud
Poor Mike, who can't tell the different between calling out someone on obvious lies and bullying, and who thinks his daughter is so ugly that any joke that any joke about her must be about her appearance, when it was clearly a joke about lies.
Can't or won't
Those creeps are afraid of Sarah that's why they make fun of her!! We Americans know how beautiful she is inside and out she is loved by so many people it scares those Low Life's 
1 of 2 Got that right! He is just an angry self loathing, self absorbed elitist. He is a never Trumper. Can't stand that he totally blew that prediction. A Jewish individual who hates Israel. In other words, an all around "PUTZ".
As an American who is Jewish, he embarrasses me. If parents were smart, they would do a family project, research your family and use it as a learning tool for them as how to walk through life as a person with a soul, grace, self respect and integrity. HUCKABEE FAMIKY ROCKS
Well said 
Mike Huckabee = Angry Failed Bully
That’s because Sarah is a beautiful brainy classy lady. Good job Sarah. You are who I want my granddaughters to have for an example of a really strong woman who can stand up for her herself with beauty and grace.
You should talk about a cry room, Governor Anti-Christ. All you do is bellyache about this or that.

I love @johnpavlovitz . A GENUINE Christian that not only talks the talk but walks the walk.
Like how your son run to his daddy when he killed that dog and you tried to cover it up?
God is walking with Sarah always , no special room needed 
@PressSec is a class act
That was a shameful, sickening, disgusting display of cowardice, bullying, disrespect, lack of com sense & gd judgment. The event has morphed into one that gives liberty to abuse another, thanks to shit-head @BarackObama Now @WH & @POTUS are their targets. Must stop! @PressSec
Gov. .... you got that right..... "@PressSec" and "Bullied...or is it Bul-Lied?". 
.
You should have thought your daughter the price one pays when selling their soul to the devil.
Sad
Poor Jonah is a Neocon
NeverTrumpers like @JonahNRO have a hard time being objective when it’s concerning anything Trump!
Jonah is pathetic & we all see right through him, Kanye is as big a threat to #NeverTrumps as he is to Democrats
Snowflakes.
Your son murdered an innocent dog. I’m surprised jokes about that incident weren’t brought up.
#NeverTrumpers are going to #NeverTrump

She is one Blessed women all I can say is you and your wife did a great job, I love Sarah.
Oh look! A bot!
The only one I bot for is Gd Almighty that's no one you know.
