Taking a life.  Permitted by law. But still taking a life.
So you must be EXTREMELY against abortion right?
And you think Comey is an arsehole....
That is a nice hat. Great bank.
There's something you don't see everyday, a turkey with sunglasses.
Wow. That's something you don't see every day- a hippo hunting a turkey...
Got one this morning
Native to Texas?
You get pleasure/fun killing animals?
Hello people like to eat you know.
Hey there, based on his appearance I doubt Mr. Huckabee is lacking food in his refrigerator.
Poor attempt to deflect from the question I ask.
There is something wrong with you people #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Hey did you get a shot at any "libtards?" Open season pretty much year around. Aim low, they're bottom feeders.
That’s not a dog. Did your family change their M.O.?
Those exotics are raised up north for hunters. The ranch next to me has quite a variety of imports the bring in and raise for hunting.
If you ever go to Northern California or Idaho on an expedition, I know an awesome guide!
what, it looks like you are in Africa, and not TX.  Do elk have twisted horns?
Lol
I hope no one accidentally shoots Huckleberry Mike who is the biggest turkey in the country!
My luck.
Dad!  Don’t shoot urself in the balls like you did that one time.
I’m sure there must be more meat on a turkey than that scrawny Texas deer.
I thought you Huckabees just tortured dogs for fun. Hunting too, huh?
The official outfit for the 
“Morally Unfit”
Save me some white meat
Turkey hunting? Stay away from mirrors!
You are human garbage.
Along with your dog torturing son & lying daughter.  Take entire family & get out of the spotlight.
Good day for it.
It looks like its needs some good feeding!!!!
Why not talk about Hannity ?
Can’t stand you
And the winds were blowing!
i want to know the caliber of that firearm (and the scope) because that animal is in africa...
Was Pence there also?
Good Lord mike turkeys?????
Should have gone to Washington
Gov, if you want to see real turkey hunting, come to MO. I'll show you the best places to get record birds.
Turns out #Mueller is hunting @seanhannity this week also! #Criminal #Corruption
The poor deer is starving.  You can see his ribs!
Aping urbanity 
Oozing with vanity 
Plump as a manatee 
Faking humanity 
Journalistic calamity 
Intellectual inanity 
Fox Noise insanity 
You’re a profanity
Are you using an AR15 on those birds?
You'll miss all the news about your buddies Trump, Broidy, Hannity and Cohen. A lot juicier then turkey!
What kind of call do you use? Box or diaphragm?
I’m liking your “D-bag in a bush look”
Hope you get one! Good luck!
I'm pro guns but pro animals too.  Please don't hunt.
They always know lol happens every time. Great to be out doors
Crappy fishing in Whitney Texas 
Good thing you posted, was getting ready to shoot, thought it was Comey in that camo hiding out.
That's usually how it goes
Please be very careful/safe if your close to the boarder dressed like that Gov. Huckabee! 
I hope Cheney was with you
So comforting that a dude who actually walks around looking like that just to shoot a turkey has an arsenal of weapons.

Are you using your Shotgun or are you doing it the hard way by using a Bow or Cross-Bow?
Are you sure the photo isn't Ted Nugent? Sure looks just like him (LOL)!!!
He is only interested in the feed they put out there. Bait.
They know when their hunting season is. We can walk around the deer on our farm all day until first day of deer hunting season and then POOF they all disappear even though we don't hunt.
Did you get a  Turkey?
Enjoy!
Hope Vice President Cheney isn’t with your hunting group today. Good Man though.
That looks like a turkey to me 
Who Cares. Hope you fall down and Shoot yourself
You didn't have any hand grenades with you?
They need rain.  He is poor.
Would love to be there with you, brother!
You need a challenge, come turkey hunting with me in middle Tennessee where you tape your show.
Unstable people shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a weapon

Sorry but that's not hunting. That's safe space bird watching with 4G Network.
Turkeys turkey hunting.
If you are as good a hunter as you are a father, Christian and funnyman, the turkeys are safe from harm.
A beauty Mike. Happy hunting!
I was born and raised in Longview, Texas, Beautiful there too!! Yeehaw!
Got one of those hanging on my wall, courtesy of my husband
Not good.. escaped..this is not hunting?
We have many Turkeys here.... but can't shoot them ... lol my own apartment complex is a great place to hunt.
Next time use a plastic bag over your face.
"Smart Animals" Keep Up With The Calendar Too!
Is that you Mr Mikey?
What democrats were you looking for. O you were hunting winged turkeys. The others are illegal to hunt to shoot and kill. Steve Roesel USMC Retired
Right there in 3 corners or it's 4 I knows it AR/ TX/ LA/ i lived THERE 'tween Shreveport & Texarkana - I was THERE for the pipe line but @BarackObama killed it then only 2 have @realDonaldTrump open it up  @PressSec @WhiteHouse @MariaBartiromo @EPAScottPruitt
Actually, I ran over a turkey on a back road the other evening. Simpler than shooting the buggers.
Get em Mike!
So, we can assume the turkey is planted?
I all ready bagged me on last week Mike 9 inch bead,and boy was it good eating,
9 inch beard.
I thought Huckabees strangled dogs and drank the blood of gay-bees for fun. Hmm.
Is that a burka?
Looks like fun Gov!
Never seen antlers like that on a domestic deer.
WOW! How did a Black Buck get in Texas?
