L O L!!!!
You’re good!

Hahaha I totally agree!
Not enough trump ass kissing. You better step it up
Governor you can dine at my table anytime
That’s Trump loyalty for you @GovMikeHuckabee Barely here today, gone tomorrow. 

And, surprisingly for a man of his girth, he despises washed up fat old un influential ex governors.
Will someone throw a bucket of water on @NancyPelosi already? There are millions of people who would enjoy watching her melt.

 Love you Governor! And your girl, Sarah, is awesome.
Hi Kas.... I'm ON!!!  SBC
Bahahahaha
Don’t feel bad, Gov! We weren’t invited either. I’m not disappointed however; I wouldn know how to act. If it was a good ole hoedown or a Church revival; I would!
Your are my favorite evangelical hypocrite Pastor Mike.
Good un' Guvna.
Good one 
I need to get a hearing aid....I thought they were saying steak dinner, lol

Your daughter can give you the deets
But your amazing smart daughter was there 

A Federal judge has ordered the Trump Administration to continue signing people up for DACA. Do you believe the judge made the right choice? Vote and retweet. #MAGA #DACA #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #Resist #Resistance
At least they were right on the first instance! Started eating with utensils a year ago
 yes, Huck; @NancyPelosi makes #America chuckle with her rhetoric  God help all #Americans and protect our minds by putting on the Tin Foil Hat
We love you.
That's so funny but love you and your family
You are a very good man.  Sara is doing a great job.  I appreciate all that you do.
You came come for dinner at my house any time Govern Huckabee
Here’s Mike Huckabee making fun of Nancy Pelosi’s weight
You would not of went anyway so save us all the drama llama.
Lol
Hahaha! Your tweets are great! :)
Love you Mike! Love that “tell it like it is with that Southern dialog”
Why would you want to lower yourself to join Boris and Natasha at the white house dinner.
Your daughter looked beautiful Governor
Thanks for the chuckle!

Beautiful
I would love to sit next to you at any dinner party!  However, I wouldn't invite Pelosi to a dog fight.
Good one Gov.
.

Mike I have 2 grown daughters and you know as well as me, they got to pay dad back sometime for the tricks we play on them when their little. Like cake in face or that toy mower made all that noise we tore up on purpose, boyfriends they had we called a wimp those things. Lol
Ha ha lol lol it.s sad to say , I'm not being sarcastic at all in any way but isn't it sad to be right all the time????
Good Mike!  Love it!
You kill me Sir! Lol
Well your daughter and her hubby were there - 
Haha

You do have to wonder where peoples heads are sometimes Mike. It does appear rude.
That’s sad....
Have @PressSec give you a grammar lesson or two and you'll be fine!  ;)
Why were you not invited????
It just shows us how unbalanced the President is in his thinking. He is a coward.

Nancy seems to be frantic for some reason!!!   LOL!
Good one 
Your beautiful daughter was there Governor!
Good one.  I love your tweets.
Help save #alfieevans


I am sure your table manners are just perfect. Unfortunately there is only so much room at that venue I am afraid. Better luck next time.
Don't you have a connection in the White House ?   :)
You are hilarious, Governor!! And I love Sarah.
Jajaaa you are funny
Lol!
HaHa!
But your daughter looked gorgeous!
Remember this MR. GOV.when you're in a room with other people any room any place any time you're the best man in that room.
Funny
I love it!
Mmmm?  Gee you sound jealous not to have gone?  I’m sorry you wern’t.  So respect you!  But all in His plan!
Lol funny..  pelosi would of ruined the party. I can never really under stand all that blabber and its like she forgets what she is saying very disjointed .
They didn't invite me either, Huck. But there's a supper over yonder I expect to attend God willin'...see ya there.
This is funny. Nancy?  Nice move  Mr. President
They were afraid she would get “Sundowners”
Love your sense of humor !
You wouldn't want or like the snails anyway. Common people give rich folks rashes. They're allergic to Honesty & Hard Work!
Love Huck!!
Lol
Lol !!!
Q; why did the loaf of bread go to the doctors office?
A; it was feeling crumby!
# ha ha ha

We had steak tonight...wish I’d known, you could have had dinner with us!! Table manners optional! 
Haha you’re funny! They were afraid of Nancy embarrassing herself. You, I don’t know , but the Moss’ appreciate you!!
You're still our favorite Governor and bass player.
Your Not Serious? Gov Huckabee !
someone taught Awesome Sarah -wonder who that was-could it be Gov Mike Huckabee for 1/2 the home lessons?
And u r just as big an ass as ur daughter! Not to mention, as personally ugly!
Don’t take it personally
Gov, us deplorable all know our table manners. Mom taught us well!!
You crack me up, Governor!
Bahahahhaha
Baahaahaa


Or they expected her to pick at her dentures all night after the meal...Either way, it's best she not embarrass us.
I see where your daughter got her belligerent ways from.
It’s past Nancy’s pill time. They didn’t want her bursting into a Russia Russia Russia outburst after the meds kicked in.
You are loveably rotten
You are in good company with the other 60 million of us but we are ok with not being invited. #MAGA
60 million and counting.

Happy to see u again! Feels like forever Lol we all miss u! Hope u and your family is doing well!!!
Thanks, Jimmy! Been busy and got bored with all the hateful liberals who have no reason or decorum!
Lol! I totally understand, I try to get on during the week but busy with our farming  so I’m like whatever haha!  Weekends I scroll through more but Happy to see u once in a while and u always have a friend to say hi too! Just so u know
Live vicariously through your daughter
Good one
Hi, Gov.  This doesn’t sound like you.  Hacked?
Huck's a joker ... 
Hey Huckleberry I thunk you probably don't have good table manners!  That would require brains which you don't have !
You like your lying daughter are stupid!  Just read your TWEET"
Gov., you are always the most hilarious on the block! You’ll be here all week right?  #Gopstandupandvote 2018
Lol 
You, my dear, are freaking funny!!

Xo.
Poor boy.  Feel so sorry for you.    
NOT.  I was left out too.  
Better luck next time Huck.
You and Sara are the best.

omg...that was funny lol
Nancy the "space Cadet" had to get approval from her piers on Mars anyway.
Very funny
Or maybe they just have something against Arkansas...
good one mike
Huckabee is great and has great sense of humor.....
I’d have you over for dinner any day Mike. Your boomer humor makes me chuckle. God bless
Sour grapes
@GovMikeHuckabee  You werent slighted Governor. Trump loves you. I think there was something more going on that we dont know about. By the way...we love you too! You were my 2nd choice after Mr. Trump in the presidential run.  :)
Best tweet of the day!!!

Love it
Priceless
You would have been more likely to have been invited over her.
I love your tweets Gov. huckabee!
Would you really want to eat that food though? Ewwww.
Your humor cracks me up!
LOL!
Mike, you'd be amazed how long I thought it was really a "steak dinner."  
I was wondering Mr. Huckabee how can an everyday citizen get some of these established narrow minding self self serving politicians help the retirees who pd. into Soc. Sec. retirement, to get more than  1 or 2 per increase  when the cost of living is doubled. please  respond?
They were afraid her dentures would fall out
Gov. Didn't you have any pull with the Press Secretary?


You sleazy arrogant evangelical.
at least you were on standby ...BTW, I noticed SARAH SANDERS & hubby made the cut 
GOVERNOR HUCKABEE TOU HAVE A SENSE OF HUMOR AND A GREAT SHOW IN SAT NIGHT MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY(SARA SANDERS IS AN ANGEL)
LOL
#UnFunny AS USUAL..... just sayin...
Gov, you are a hoot and a real joy! Keep em coming!
I cannot comprehend how Pelosi can make her statement regarding the #POTUS and the Presidents Bush.  I found her remark offensive and embarrassing given her congressional status. UnAmerican.
Outrageously disrespectful to a sitting president.
Don't take it personal Governor. You know we all love you and so does Trump!!!!
ROFL 
That’s funny right there!
I love your shamelessness in trying to keep your name in the public eye.
Thank you for reminding us to smile.......we love Sarah
LEARNT... is not a word
Gov Huckabee, you can come to MY house! I’d love to have y’all! Please accept!
It's ok one day you be dinning with the King Of Kings. And you will setting at the head of the table with our Lord and Savior....
Come on over!  Hubby and I will grill steaks! #NashvilleFriendly #aintgotnomanners
Governor, you just won't do....LMBO...LOVE IT!!!!!!

Wow! You never fail to show that you have neither intelligence or even basic human decency, do you? Please stop trying humor. It is not a good look for you.
Seriously?  I can not believe you were not invited. Must have been an oversight.  Heads will roll when DT finds out.
That was priceless Gov
Would have loved I'd they had served her a crumb cake for dessert...

I didn't expect u to post such a snarky comment. Seems  beneath you.
Funny
Ain't that something
Lol..
Lol
Besides Nancy is such a sour puss.
I wasn’t invited either. Could it be that being a Modern Whig is the reason? I voted for Trump and plan to again. South Carolina doesn’t have Ranked Choice Voting or any Modern Whig candidates yet, so I’m safe.
Bwahahaha
While everyone at the White House tonight will be eating lamb,  the Democrats will be hosting their own dinner where they will be eating “crow”.
Huckabee never stops campaigning.  It’s a great marketing ploy.  Trump is always ahead a step. Controversy creates high ratings .  Huckabee 4 the win.
Trump didn't want you to steal the show
GovMikeHuckabee, I sure do get a chuckle on your humorous wit every time 
Wait, Sarah couldn’t sneak you in through the kitchen?  

You’re invited to a steak dinner at my home anytime sir!

No they know you'er a Dem and you don't give a crap about America. Your party is over. Trying to act like you care by voting for Pomaos. Trying to save your job. Time for the American people.

Hahaha.. good on Me Governor
Hahaha, that’s tellin it
No pecan pie for them. ;)
Well you are kind of an embarrassment to people who are true Christians.

You crack me up Gov.
LOL!!!!
Oh, she could borrow Hillary's basket of deplorable and take them home.
You’ve got it all over that  skank n hope it was a mistake!!!
Lol...hahaha!
Hahahahaha!  Nancy got snubbed; I love it!!
Their loss
I'm so upset, I wasn't invited either! 

