Yes, he does but I do not think he should accept the prize. After Obama, the Nobel Prize is worthless. Put Trump on Mt Rushmore or something more worthy.
What was the reason O received it? Does anyone know?
The liberal organization liked him.
I’ve never heard a reason
The 2009 Nobel Prize was awarded to Obama for his “efforts to strengthen international diplomacy & cooperation between peoples, efforts in reaching out to the Muslim world & his promotion of nuclear nonproliferation. In other words, he was awarded for “efforts” not deeds.
Efforts?? Participation Trophy?
Yep!
Of course #Trump DESERVES it but it has been tainted & tarnished by the ridiculous undeserving #Obama receiving of said prize
If it works - YES!
Even if it didn't work, no one has ever gotten this far, and I believe it is going to. I to am a American/ Norwegian, both my parents Moldé
Cool! It's just Molde, not Moldé BTW. My point is that the Socialists in the Norwegian Nobel Committee had NO business giving Obama the prize. That, and many other prizes have devalued the institution. And although it's a tremendous achievement, DPRK has fooled the West before.
You are right, NOKO played us like a fiddle just like PRESIDENT TRUMP said,  but President TRUMP isn' t about being played with.  He is the right man for the right time.
Yes, indeed. He is very unlikely to be played. Everything he has done has secured his six. And that is one of the factors that could drive this to a tremendous success. The North Korean Commies know there's a new sheriff in town.
I am so glad to see people like yourself pay such close attention to what goes on in this country. It reassures me that this country is back as a world leader and what we do effects people like you also.
I am a bit over average interested in politics. I've always understood that America is the most important piece on the board for World Peace. And there is the dollar, which is threatened. So, of course what happens in America affects all of us.
Does Norway still remember him, I know there was a book many years ago. I ask because sad here it's getting better, sports not true heros
If it was a prize worth anything to non-socialists and non-globalists I would say yes. However...

In Washington MI @realDonaldTrump said he just wanted to get the job done.

Unlike Barry, Al and Jimmy. he's keeping his promises and is above that empty, pointless trophy.

My brother was killed in the Newtown shooting. Now I’m advocating for armed guards in schools. I’d like to talk with you, Mr. @GovMikeHuckabee
The Nobel Peace Prize recent history  is laughable. Let the elites keep it. 

We need a 
Patriot’s Liberty & Justice Award 
Where Patriots can sign their name to it online and have it printed and presented to President Trump at the military parade on 11/11/2018
@POTUS #Qanon
The Nobel Peace Prize recent history  is laughable. Let the elites keep it. 

We need a 
Patriot’s Liberty & Justice Award 
Where Patriots can sign their name to it online and have it printed and presented to President Trump at the military parade on 11/11/2018
@POTUS #Qanon
The Prize has been diminished in value with recent award recipients,I prefer Mount Rushmore as a thank you instead of Nobel.
The Nobel Peace Award has become so tainted, it really is of very little value any more (except to irritate Dims, should Trump win). As POTUS said, "Peace IS the prize."
Definitely!!!! #Maga
You betcha!
Yes
Yes
Indubitably.
Absolutely
Yes Sir
Absolutely. Unlike Hussein Obama, this is an actual accomplishment.
Who is Hussein?
Yes. And deserves a special prize for putting up with tyranny that’s rubbed in his and our face each day.
What....feelings hurt?
"Peacemaker" is not a word I'd use to describe #DonaldTrump.

Just because his level of crazy is possibly more intimidating than #KimJongUn's level of crazy, it doesn't mean the #POTUS encourages peace.

#NobelPeacePrize

In celebration of peace between North and South Korea....How can anyone question @POTUS and his ability to lead our country! Thank you so much Mr. President! 
Obama got one for nothing. He should give it back.
yes, but lets wait till it happens
Yes I do, I contacted the Nobel Committee on Twitter, my Father came from Norway, and I was very respectful I suggest more do that
YES
Yes!!
YES
Yes
Hell YES 
Yes!
If they offer it. I hope he declines. Btw love your daughter, you should be so proud
NO! I have written to the committee requesting they do not consider @realDonaldTrump as a nominee. Trump is not an honorable person. He's a f ing obscenity. He's nomination would be an insult to past winners. I think the S Korean did all the work Trump & Kim compared dick sizes.
President Trump deserves many nobel peace prizes, along with many other awards. Liberals/democrats just can't stand to see a conservative or a non-liberal get an award.
No.  The Hotel Pee Prize, perhaps.
No
No. That is a ridiculous proposal, and irreversibly damaging to the Nobel Prize brand. That man is the least peaceful nominee possible. Bullying, name-calling, divisive, and dishonest. #sad
Unfortunately, in 2009 the Nobel Peace Prize became the laughable equivalent of a participation trophy.
President Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize many times over...
#Obama got the #NobelPrize for sneezing so..... why not?
Actually it's beneath him. So, no.
YES! If President Trump is not honored with the Noble Peace Prize...then I will loose all respect for it.
Make the Peace Prize Great Again!
Hell NO
Yes I do because Trump is trying to fix a world problem
Yes. President Trump deserves Nobel Peace Prize, not Obama.
Absolutely! He also deserves a Pulitzer, a Grammy, and a Miss America crown. (Am I doing this delusional circle jerk properly?)
But it doesn’t mean anything anymore because OBOZO got one too
Eventually Yes if agreement is signed.
YES....,
REAL .,PEACE.
THANK YOU @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
FOR YOUR LEADERSHIP 
TO
THE END OF THE KOREA WAR.
AFTER YEARS 28yrs
OF NON LEADERSHIP 
AMERICA IS BACK
STRONGER
THEN EVER BEFORE
SO
TO OUR ENEMIES.....,
BASICALLY...........,RUN !!
#MAGA 
Yes i do that p o s Obama got one for nothing
If they can give Obama one for being black then Trump can get one for his work.
I see they didn't give you a brain just a racist black heart. Does it hurt that much to see a 1/2 black man do great at 2 Ivy league schools and Dump wasn't even close even though he lied about but facts say otherwise
What did I say that was remotely racist? Obama did absolutely nothing to earn his award. Also, I find it funny how you say I have a “black heart” yet in the same tweet you insulted Trump by calling him Dump. So you might want to take a good look in the mirror, bud.
Who needs a participation trophy from the left?
he is actually the winner so not a participation trophy lol
The Nobel peace prize is a leftist participation trophy.  Look how many times they handed it to Obama for doing nothing.
President Trump deserves Three Nobel Peace Prize 1) for North Korea 2) For moving the American Embassy to Jerusalem 3) For getting rid of ISIS

Absolutely not.  Not one who has divided this country and alienated people with hate speech deserves the Nobel Peace Prize.
Yes
I think he deserves to be honored but why would he want anything that was awarded to Obama.
I vote no, Governor.  Here's why.  The Nobel peace prize has changed from something highly honorific, as was the case with Dr. King, to something just liberal, as was the case with Obama, who got the prize for doing exactly nothing.  Were Trump to be nominated, he should decline.
HELL NO. And he didn't do anything.
YES ....Indeed ....
LOL! No. Huck.
Absolutely  YES!!
Hell no!
Are you serious???
No
No
No
nah
No!!!
Yes, POTUS is definitely in line to receive Nobel Peace Prize. He should win it to! After all obama won it for doing nothing! Way to go president!
Nop
Yes 
Yes!!
I checked past Nobel Peace Prize winners..  none swindled people out of Millions of $$$ with a Fake University...
Of course he deserves it but it's value is questionable considering how thy've thrown it around at anyone for political reasons..
I think its too soon to tell if N.Korea is sincere about real Peace... For some reason he stopped Testing  missiles, we dont know th real reason.. He has always wanted to be recognized by the world as a leader & in the past no one has ever wanted to meet with him...
Yes !!!
And a Tony
And a Silver Star
And a Grammy
And a Heisman

And a ...is there an award for Greatest Pussy Grabber ?
YES!!!
Most definitely! Yes!
Yes
if anyone deserves a Nobel Peace Prize ..It would certainly be President Trump....
Peace IS the prize.

But yes.

Good for nothing
Absolutely.
Let's not count the chickens before they hatch. Need to see long term results. Besides the ones who are doing the hard work(South Korea) is not POTUS, he just insults. So help me if kisses,hugs & holds hands with that dictator I will not watch. @GOP @GOPChairwoman
Of course the President should get the #NobelPeacePrize. He’s earned it unlike #BarackHusseinObama.
A lot more than A.K.A. Barry deserved.
R u in your right mind?  
He should accept it considering all the crap he has to put up with.
Absolutely that is what this is about. Just what PRESIDENT TRUMP did not some Mickey Mouse act lik obuma
We’ll need to put your and your daughter’s heads on spikes on the back of the White House fence. 
Your daughter’s @PressSec face is as ugly as your phony Christian, America hating soul or lack there of
The @POTUS presidency will end in a military coup and traitors get a spike
hey huckster!!!  so now we know the Trump did pay off Stormy! he lied on the plane, he’s lied so many other times. you’re such a fake #christian ! u have no morals or ethics!  #gop
YES
Absolutely freaking not! The North Koreans have not kept a promise yet. Don’t forget, Japan’s diplomats lulled us to sleep and destroyed our Navy. The nukes make this 1000 times more dangerous.
The deadline for nominations was February.  Again the Republicans are clueless
No, it lost its value after giving it to 44 for no reason. Trump already said that “peace “would be the prize to all of us.
Hell yes

2009 #PeacePrize awarded to #Obama for extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy & cooperation between peoples. They attached special importance to Obama's vision of & work for a world without NUCLEAR  weapons

…

Yes, without question! I say this because for the 1st time, people around the world are getting excited of the possibility of peace in the Korean Peninsula. My military career has taken me everywhere from Osan to Pusan & it would be great to end a very big hot spot in the world
Yes
Absolutely
Absolutely!!
He is the prize!
BIGLY!!
#NobelPeacePrize #NobelPeacePrizeForTrump
Yes, I certainly do.He took a different and effective approach.Millions of people have the burden http://lifted.It  was an amazing process to watch.
Yes Mike!!!!
He should but does it really hold any credibility anymore??? After Obama received it most of the credibility seems to have been lost
Nothing accomplished yet. Been here before.
Yes, but knowing how it works it would be awarded to Kim Jung Un and DJT would be ignored.
No, meeting hasn’t even happened yet.  Results matter.
Yes !
100%
Yes
100% agree
If they can give it to a Non-American Terrorist lover, then Trump should be a Shew-in.

I think the Korean people and their leaders deserve it, and our prez deserves a huge assist.
Absolutely, but I don't think they'll ever be able to overcome the angst of giving it to him. Besides, they cheapened it by giving it to someone who never did anything but get elected.
Yes I do @GovMikeHuckabee #MAGA
Yes but he will never get it, Nobel Peace Prize Committee is infested with Liberals
Yes he does but, the demoncrats will try to take credit for it.
Yes....... I think he should get 2 someone should have there's returned.. Cough cough
He deserves the Moscow Piss Prize, a.k.a. impeachment.
More so than whatever @BarackObama did on day one????? 
Without a doubt! He's the best president that we've had in a long time. I'm very proud of him! @realDonaldTrump @NobelPrize #MAGA 
YES!!  Our President Trump is an amazing man and he definitely deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for his good works with North Korea!
Will he get another one when the mullah are gone by this Fall? Fixing the country and the world
If they have a prize for Global Un-shalom, he is definitely in the running.
Not in a million years
I think he deserves the peace of mind to do his job of President without the deep state chaos of the special council.
Maybe, but we’ve seen this song & dance several times before from the Kim family dynasty, haven’t we?
Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize solely for defeating Rodham, who would have gotten us involved in eight straight years of war.
@POTUS Trump should receive the Nobel Peace Prize this year 2018. @NobelPrize Cmte should make an exception not to wait till next year. This is a historic moment, once in a lifetime
What work?
They have not signed an agreement yet , let’s not jump to conclusions.
He'll Yes
Yes. To anyone who wants to bring up #Trump side issues (we know we know) need to be fair & bring up when #Obama got his they weren't objecting to all the drone strikes & shortly after sending 40,000 troops to Afghanistan (just two examples). Just saying try be fair with judging
Yes I do
Yes!
He does, but after giving this to Obama for nothing and obama basically trying to destroy this country from within, what is it really worth? Those are my feelings.
Does he deserve it YES?  But wasn't it was kind of diminished after the Divider-In-Chief got it?
He sure does deserve it.  Imagine if peace in ME is reached during POTUS terms in office.  Rushmore will be calling.
being investigated by a special prosecutor and about to be crucified by #SDNY
Has a lawsuit with an ex porn star,another with an explaymate
Has more connections to Russia then a good vodka
His current lawyer is taking the 5th
Pulled us out of Paris accord
so that's a 
NO
Yes
He DEFINITELY does... Which means he will most likely not get it.
Yes, we do!
YES !
Trump is an amazing man, I think he deserves, "The Nobel Peace Prize".
Yes
Yes
Absolutely  !

Yes

Yes.
Voted!
Yes!
Any person who says these nasty things does not deserve a Nobel or any other award. Trump is disgusting.
THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE IS NOT DO KNOBLE ANYMORE SINCE OBAMA HOODWINKED THE POOR SWEDES.
It's what Islamic cult followers do.
Yes the President should be honoured with the Nobel Peace Prize. He has potentially saved millions upon millions of people from certain death. No other greater adoration for an achievement to be given any man or woman, in life or death.
President Trump deserves to be LEFT ALONE by Mueller and his witch hunt so he will become the greatest president of all time. And yes he does deserve the Nobel Peace Prize but don’t hold your breath.
Trump is behaving like the classical guilty person. Therefore, in my estimation he is overwhelmingly guilty of obstruction of justice and collusion. Also, the investigation could lead to him being charged for racketeering while running  his business enterprises.
In a word...NO
Noble Prize and His Beautiful face on Mount Rushmore!!! And that's just for starters !! Once in a Lifetime President !!! .@realDonaldTrump
The only prize that Trump deserves is for telling over 3,000 lies a day. Sarah should get 2nd place. You taught her well, by the way.
When it's proven and done, yes.
I would love to see our President be honored for this. But I don't trust that NoKo nut job.
absolutely.
Well except it hasn’t happened yet...
but we want it given to him in advance, Like President Obama!
Still bitter about that are you?  Some grievances just never die.
Besides don’t you think you teed up that response just a bit..... Doesn’t matter now he’s been nominated he’ll either win or he won’t
Exactly
Noooooooooo. He is a crook.
No
Nope.  Snoop Dog deserves it.
Nope
No. Three people in the mix. One pounds fist, insults, growls and name calls. The other two actually recognize and discuss resolution. The first runs around and gets in front to take credit. He deserves nothing but a kick in the arse.
Hell no, it happened in spite of him not because of him!
You’re a fraud fake Christian shit head
For twitting Rocket man and bigger button?  If there is a Nobel Prize for being an idiot he gets it hands down with nomination from John Kelly and Tillerson.
If the prize wasn’t meaningless at this point, I’d say yes.
Trump did nothing..? South Korean President did all the work!
YES!
Yes
Yes
Yes! Donald Trump deserves the NPP. He will bring honor back to that award again and make it worth something rather than how it was bestowed upon he who shall not be named!!
I think @realDonaldTrump has advanced the cause of peace more than award winner @BarackObama.  This gulf of achievement is not Obama's fault.  As for Trump, he will be more deserving if a peace is achieved, but as he said, "Peace is the prize."
You ppl are stupid beyond words.
He didn’t.
No. No one deserves this failing Prize after 2009.
Hey Mike, has tRump grabbed Sarah's-you know.........yet???
Nothing has happened yet-so no, absolutely not!!
Yes
I think you need to be a father and worry more about your daughter then worrying about that POS @realDonaldTrump and your political party! Family 1st homie.
HELL YEAH!HE DOES NO MATTER ABOUT N.KOREA!
Omg you’re ridiculous
Absolutely YES!!!
No
YES
