It was great meeting @_SarahDarling & spending time with my friend & former #FoxNews colleague @GovMikeHuckabee a true gentleman
Sarah, Cowboys Ride is beautiful! Brilliant voice. I can see why the Irish love you so
Geraldo did not have an empty vault. He kept the cash!
Love your show Governor
Watching tonight , I’ve missed some but I love this show so good reminds me of my child hood and I must say a love the Hrand Zole Operay set. Thank you always for your wonderful service to us. Then and now.

G’day Big Fella. Know of any dogs that were tortured and killed do you?
Isn’t it enough that you inflict your dunce, dumbass daughter @PressSec on us?  Now you want to stage a coup?!  WTF is wrong with you?!
NOT sorry I didn't watch your failing show on a failing outlet that only a few providers pick up.  Who were those people anyway?
Hey Mike!  Just wondering if you’ve seen the latest horsepoop come out of your trailer trash daughter’s mouth!  Does she know she’s aiding and abetting a CRIMINAL?  You better pull her aside, Mr Christian 
Wow, Hillary just said we are living in challenging times,,is this what she meant
No thanks Hypocrite Huckabee.
The huckster is no hypocrite
Look
Sorry, Gov. I heard Geraldo and tuned out!
Gonna watch right now. Geraldo is the voice of reason on so many issues. I respect him more now than ever. Intelligence with compassion!!
Art was wonderful
I use to like country music. You ruined that.
I'll bet you could eat Geraldo in one sitting.
Don’t trust Geraldo . He voted twice for Hussein Obama and for Crooked Hillary . Ask him , he won’t tell you , he is coward 
Of course you had Geraldo on...why wouldn’t you?
Geraldo was a Gentleman on your show, You bring the best out of people! Unfortunately he's not at liberty to tell the truth on JFK! Or 911
Does anyone get a Gravestone anymore?
@GovMikeHuckabee won't watch NASTY TRUMP HATER GERALDO!  NO SHOW FOR ME TONIGHT!
Your soon kills dogs for fun and your daughter lies to the American people every single day. You should be a really proud father.
*son
What you and your lying daughter are doing to this nation on the service of a con man is disgraceful. Phony Christians. You are dividing this nation and undermining everything that is good. Here is the result. Here are your good people
Dr. Stanley is on right now. Is your show coming on tonight?? It is 7:09pm CST right now @GovMikeHuckabee
glad to see a Demo is in the truth = Rivera hope this does not change sooooooo Tired of the Demo reporting Lies and putting Down Trump who we have not seen in decades such great Leadership for America
no thanks.Hate Geraldo
Sry, Geraldo gives me hives
Please watch this new clip just released https://www.facebook.com/groups/1250734815048111/permalink/1682140795240842/ …

Sorry Gov Huckabee but you lost me at Geraldo Rivera!!! Love you but just can’t stomach Geraldo.
Did you have any kids kill a dog this weekend?

