And Donald Trumps attorney took the 5th
Okay? You realize the burden of proof lies with the prosecution, right. No matter what he says, somebody will find way to make it illegal!
Lol - I guess it hasn’t crossed your mind that what the real Donald trump might have done is actually illegal or in blasphemous taste anyway
Play stupid, we all know if Trump even jaywalked in the last 20yrs he would be on trial as we speak, breaking client attorney privilege for what? Paying a porn star money, really!
Minor correction... Paying a "whore/slut/hooker"... Other than that, I agree with everything you said.
Well of course the price of fuel is climbing. We regular people are getting more money thanks to tax cuts and the greed of the oil companies will take it all away.
I see your boys attorney just pled the fifth. Your boys Twitter is silent and not a word from your daughter; what’s up with that?
Stop. Now you're going to tell me he controls the weather.
In 2017 the United States produced about 9.3 million barrels a day and exported 6 million barrels a day. We should not allow oil producers to export oil with gas prices above $2 a gallon due to the damage to our economic stability.
It's called greed.  Where does one think the bonus money the oil CEO's receive 
every year comes from?  Taxpayers.
Price gouging!!
Gas prices are rising. How is that anything but bad economic news? Honestly, you will spin anything for a State Dinner doggie bag, won’t you?
Of course, it's not supreme leaders fault. Right? He's only responsible for the stock market when it's going up. Right? Never when it's going down. Hail supreme leader. Supreme leader is worthy to be worshiped. Bow, all ye peasants, before the supreme leader
$3.39 a gallon in most of California #repealthegastax
Lmaoo gas prices were significantly lower during the Obama admin, yet you still found a way to take a shot at him 
You dreaming...that's not right...
HOKAY JUNE
I have so much respect for you Mr. Huckabee. Your daughter is so beautiful inside and out and is doing an amazing job..God Bless to you and your family.
Governor, we must be a self reliant nation. We must cut the chain with OPEC and produce our own energy. I feel the same with steel and aluminum. #MAGA
“The mob takes the Fifth Amendment. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment.” - Donald Trump.
What’s up with Michael Cohen, guys, he’s not part of the mob, right?
Burden of proof is on the prosecution! Big difference in the mob and a law abiding citizen constitutional rights being violated, due to a witch hunt! So tell us what have they found?
PapaD's attempts to obtain Russia's stolen DNC documents; the Trump Tower meeting; Cohen's meeting with Russian oligarch in Prague; Flynn's conversation with Kislyak re: removing Russian sanctions; Trump's firing of James Comey; Election Law violations, bank and wire fraud ...
Election fraud wire fraud lets see what you got for proof
It matters not what I have for proof; it matters what the FBI has for proof. The raid was in connection with the Stormy Daniels payoff. If there wasn't probable cause of a crime having been committed, a search warrant would not have been granted.
Presumably, Cohen had standing as a personal attorney to the President of the United States.  That being the case, the highest threshold of probable cause would have had to have been met.  But you would know that from your law school days. 
Law school days
Since you legal experts have all the answer, why not join the case and solve it for the American people, no proof, lied to get wire tap, I know it’s beyond belief it could happen again, unlike you and the sock puppets there is proof
You lower gas prices in California and Governor Moon Pie will figure out a way to tax it.
I love your daughter Mike, she’s the best.
Another racist misogynist progressive...
I just thought Id try the typical liberal response. How did I do?
Oil prices are jumping too high and I am senior citizen on fixed income and can't afford it. Mr. President help.
It was 2.97 in Mich last week it’s down To 2.69-2.72 by me. That’s still better than $4.00+ a gal awhile back.
You are sad beyond words.
Would you like to discuss refinery politics? Or play dumb?

Oh yes and my big tax break of $20   use to fill up a little more than 1/2 a tank twice a month. Now it only fills up 1/2 a tank once a month. Thanks for nothing. But those top 1%ers are pocketing all their money. Proving trickle down economics doesn't work.
thought price fixing was illegal ? bet a dem is behind this.
Weren’t you Paying attention to infrastructure week Mike huckleberries  Gas Taxes are the way to pay for repairs to roads and bridges gas prices are not going away
What's your point, dumbass?
From the party that blamed higher gas prices on President Obama.
Is he blaming Obama, or is it Hillarys fault this time?
"Pull my finger!"
*farts*
"There's some gas for you!"
Gas 3.20 in Oregon
Look at the price of healthcare it went up more under trump than has in last 7 yrs
This is just the beginning of the economy that will crash thanks to Trump

The only thing eclipsing the rate of rising gas prices is the daily rate of lies told by your daughter.
Where is that cheap gas!?  I'd gladly pay that!  In CA we are over $3.50 a gallon for low grade thanks to @JerryBrownGov and @CA_Dem 

I'll have a $50 fill up by summer at this rate!  What a #gastastrophe!

CC: @CAGOP
Scary 

 Rolling On Floor Laughing............. Think again! $2.999 Here in Saint Louis per gallon to fill up our F-150. Rex Tillerson EXXON MOBILE is laughing himself to the bank since DJT fired him! "Revenge is sweet"...except we retired & working folks get the SHAFT!
Thats not a positive thing for the consumer!
Yup. Thanks President Dennison!
We’re so tired of winning. #Storms-a-Comin
Yes...and it hurts 
I drive my vehicle to deliver mail
And it isn't fair about the fuel prices
@POTUS fights for everyday Americans with tax breaks then the gas companies take advantage of the people and get richer. Like the diamond trade,just depends on who controls the flow of it!
It’s $2.89 in Northwest Indiana. 
Much higher than that in CA thanks Moonbeam
So much for the republican fake ass tax cut!
WYH is going on? High gas prices means a lot of seniors on fixed income have to stay home.
Two issues.  The ethanol mandate which causes refiners to have make a zillion blends based on local EPA regulations. Ethanol is heavily subsidized and is worthless as a fuel. Of course don’t forget state & local taxes.  Not sure about CA but mine is about $2.65 as of today.
It's the standard summer's coming gas hike scenario. Gouge central is in it's normal flow. We are paying for the new pipelines plus company raises & profits to the oil companies & their leaders. Did anyone expect any less ?
The price of diesel fuel is pretty high currently, if we a producing at record rates why is it rising? Refineries are outdated and in need of constant upgrades to meet demand. North Dakota and Texas are crushing oil and gas let’s get independent like we should be
Is that Trump Tax Love on Gasoline?
Prices are going up because American oil firms prefer - and are now allowed - to export to countries like China.
Clickbait. Nothing will be done Huckleberry.
Oh, sure; Trump controls the price of gas now. We're motherfucking saved.
Bring this gas prices back down, please....President Trump.   We love you.
The price of EVERYTHING has spiked since Trump took office.

This will have devestating consequences in November.
Another libshart.
Not a liberal.
Just a radical fiscal conservative upset with Trump's massive deficit spending which is causing interest rates and inflation to spike.
What massive spending? What about bringing back the manufacturing jobs for example? People start working and in comes revenue.
The National Debt has exploded over the past 8 months.
It's unsustainable.
I think you should relax alittle bud. We will see by the end of Trumps term whats really gonna happen. What did obama spend? 10 trillion? Thats what u should be mad about.
Never voted for mad spender Obama either.
Trump is the same.
Has done nothing to curb entitlements.
Hey I just got off my phone
I checked out your link. Do you really use yourself as your source? For some reason, that inspires absolutely no confidence in the accuracy of your claim.
In Alberta Canada it is 1.30 a litre! Vancouver BC, Canada 1.59 http://litre.You  gas sounds cheap to ours.
#MAGAlol There goes all those big fat bonuses of $1K or less companies were going to give employees touted by #DJT in that #TaxScamBill. 
I'm curious, Governor. Since the US is producing so much oil, how can American oil companies rely on OPEC prices to gouge us like this without @POTUS stepping in to stop the practice. Seems like they are taking advantage of Americans based on the price of foreign oil.
Just in case anyone is actually interested in comparing how @POTUS is doing on gas prices compared to @BarackObamam I visited the Energy Info Admin gov site and found this... I'm liking @realDonaldTrump right now.

https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/hist/LeafHandler.ashx?n=PET&s=EMM_EPMR_PTE_NUS_DPG&f=M …
Help ! #gasprices
Why is it going up? It is a Fact that Republican presidents and oil prices are always on the up side and Against Consumers. You get what you voted for Dixie, Rust belt, and Mid-west.
Ive noticed the damn oul companies are getting greedy again.
Brilliant observation mikey.
Why
3.79 in CA 4 Regular.
Let me guess? Obama?
Wish he'd respond in CA, we are paying nearly $4 a gallon.
Go Comrade Bone Spurs.
YES, we and our bank account HAVE noticed!!!
It’s summertime and they usually come up with an excuse like they have to redo the refinery plants or there’s trouble in the Middle East but it all comes down to people drive more in the summer and they take it vantage
Poor Mike is at the mercy of his emperor!
AWESOME
Oh no, over 4.00.  Thanks to your orange ogre.
For whatever reason, it always seems to go up when there is a Republican in office. Other things are going up as well  --  prescription drug costs are out of sight, food prices, there is trend going on, and I am NOT liking the direction it is going!!
Don’t let them hurt us, we need vacations too
That's the free market, Buckwheat.
Why is gas going up? It was  $1.57
22 mos. ago!! 
I'm actually glad you brought up gas prices since they are .... as some might say .... a DISASTER with no relief in site. Enjoy!

#Trump2020
In So., Calif it $3.70 and up!
To pay off their trillion dollar debt.
Try $3.20 here! Prices going up as surpluses are sold to China & Europe cutting deeply into Russia’s market. Interesting strategy.
Is anyone here paying attention to the market?  Yesterday's low was -600 points before closing at -500.  THE MARKET JUST LOST ALL OF THE YEAR'S GAINS.  Stop listening to the bluster and start looking at reality.
Why is this ... I thought the Keystone pipeline would do just the opposite
It is $2.76 in Southern Indiana.......just saw today.....up 10 cents in just a few days!  Summer driving is coming......folks want to make some moolah.
Thoses of us on fixed income appreciate you for standing up to help keep prices stable! When unfair prices go up then everything goes up and we are hurt more than anyone else! We will be there for you because you are there for us-TRUMP 2020!

High gas prices will slow the economy rapidly! It effects every person and family,and most importantly slowly sucks the tax cuts,that every family received, to just one sector of the economy,instead of spreading it  around evenly to restaurants,hotels,resorts,entertainment.etc..
Saudi Arabia wants $100 oil, and Trump is set to give it to them. We expected a tightening of Iranian oil if Trump backs out of the nuclear deal, but the loss of Iranian oil could occur against a much tighter oil market than previously expected.
It's almost $ 4.00 / gallon in So. Cal.
closer to $4.00 a Gal in CA that leads in GREED, after WA.
Yea not good!!!!
Pathetic.
Check CA’s gas prices. Over three bucks.
To pay off their trillion dollar debt.
Hell yeah!
Yes, why?
Yes it needs to go back down. Don't give us a tax cut and then rob us at the gas pumps!!! That's not MAGA!!! PLEASE address the rise in gas prices !!!
But they always go up during tourist season.  And tourist season has begun.
Lock up #Clinton & her #CircleOfJerks...
It is a "seasonal" thing -- happens EVERY year leading up to #MemorialDay, then recedes.  One would THINK they "planned" it.... and maybe they DO.
They anticipate families go on weekend excursions after school is out... and manage to get prices VERY high each year at this time
If he can fix this he can be POTUS for life!
Trump is the one DELIVERING this.  The Saudis just may get their $100/bbl.
We need a couple more refineries.
In California we are being charged $3.39 for  mid grade. Glad we’ve got some “crumbs” to offset it a little. @NancyPelosi
well, u ppl in CA payin a high price for a lot of things takin care of ILLEGALS
is a big one!
OVER $3 WA state
Thanks y'all
Gov Inslee
Economy picks up steam demand for gas goes higher.  Even a guy from arKANSAS can figure that out
Aww really. I never noticed,Keith eff had any of your low IQ followers. In spite of zero regulations we still can't be oil independent
1.  Anyone living in an Oil Refining State knows that in order in the oil industry, the price of oil has to go up.  Lower gas prices is not good for the economy.  Research it...It is a fact
But Gov, I don’t really care.
Thanks to our esteemed Gov. Moonbeam here in California we are well over 3.00 a gallon. Now he wants to tax water! Working class and retired are having a tough time of it here. When gas goes up so does food.  A blue state mind you.
Price of milk across border from me $8.00 gal new
! Try buying gas in California we now have about $2.00 for tax added on to the gas prices
WAY TO GO TRUMP
Obama promised to stop the selling of gas futures but never did it. Trump should stop it. That might lower gas prices.
2.99 here
$2.99 and going up in Utah!!! WHY???
Everything higher
Thank you President Trump
$$3.10 in Washington
@realDonaldTrump please help with this !
yes we knew
I sure did Gov. if where exporting gas  why are we paying so much  money for it
Much higher in Calif, getting close to $4 again 
During the Obama year, a 30 year old ban on exporting oil was lifted. By providing more oil to the system, that would decrease oil prices.
Libs will do anything to make Trump look bad.
Since when did he need help?
Republicans always preside over economic collapses. They are the party of fiscal irresponsibility, and they are bankrupting the American people, cashing in on our future to fill their pockets.

What's your favorite nickname of 2018?
$2.88 here
Many people are saying Trump is a perfidious downpour of maladroitly unguinous slime
