What day and time is Huckabee onTBN in Fort Wayne! Thanks!
It'll air for our Fort Wayne viewers on Saturday evenings at 8PM!
Awesome!!

Well, you can always just ignore it or block his tweets if you don't want to see them. That's what I did to Hillary Clinton and other liberals.
Oh gosh Mike. I don't think you really want or need to hear my opinion. 
An honest question...you say there’s nothing your grandkids could do to make you stop loving them.  What would your reaction be if one of them told you he/she was gay?  An honest answer, please?
MAYBE YOU SHOULD LISTEN, WHAT YOUR SAYING IS COMPLETE BULLCRAP
When I was a kid way back in the 70's my granddad was my best friend.
We LOVED that mini-sermon! Can we steal...uh, I mean, SHARE, it with our church?

Yeah, and your grandchildren taught you how to write jokes
Great that u let your sons do their own thing -David, notoriously, once killed a dog at summer camp, & John Mark once acted in a low-budget film in which he smoked cigarettes while assuring a female character that it was normal to “suck a little dick to get a part.”

This is wonderful!
YOU ARE RIGHT HUCK, THEY CAN NEVER DO ANYTHING THAT WILL MAKE ME STOP LOVING THEM!! THANK YOU FOR REMINDING US OF THE  SPECIIAL BOND I AND MANY HAVE WITH OUR GRANDKIDS!!!
Grandchildren are little kisses from God. 


Very much agree! Papa Huckafor the dogs
God is good. He gives us such sweet blessings!
It's too bad they can't teach you what hypocrisy is.
Loved the show! Your grandkids are blessed.
Shut up
I think you’re a bad person who thinks you’ve fooled people into believing that you’re harmless and irrelevant. I think you may realize on your death bed how you went to the dark side and lost it all with trump.
That was great Gov. Huckabee, you would make a great comedian .....you should have showed us a pic. of all six of your grandkids.....would have loved to have seen them all together.....maybe next time eh ?
Simply LOVE you GOv. Huckabee.  OH to be Sarah and have YOU as my Earthly Daddy!  BLESSED indeed, all of you!  XOXO
Let’s hope Russia is not in their vocabulary and never have to be exposed to the horror of Putin with no shirt#youcandothis!
Thanks Mike for sharing.
HEY, IS SARAH GOING TO JAIL WITH FOX AND FRIENDS FOR OBSTRUCTION?..@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity
Did you teach them the importance of shutting down discussion of dark secrets in large families?
As ridiculous it might sound...,grandparents are there to spoil the grandkids....enjoy!
So true! 
I only wish you could have taught your daughter the importance of telling the truth. Ive never know a self proclaimed Christian lie every time they step in front of a television camera.
Love your style Mr. Huckabee!
Loved your monologue.  Thank you
Very nice love all of it god bless you and yours to all on this planet
I love this and can relate having six of my own grandchildren ranging 2 to 6 
Sufm
Amen
Oh God TBN or watch granny send your inheritance to the false prophets on T.V.
How did flotus get in... Sara, IQ really.... give me a break!
Like how to lie and become false Christians? Just like Hicabee blame someone else.
Have they asked you why their mamma is a big stonewalling liar?
