will you be demonstrating how to get your kids to murder dogs?
Get a life and get relevant. At least try for something in the current decade. At the minimum try for something that even #Liberal msm idiots can't find proof of what actually happened. 
You're an ass!!!!
It was humor... something Dems have NONE OF. Bunch of the most miserable people on this planet.
Humor is subjective!  I don't find Huck funny at all.  I, for one, am not a miserable person.  Admittedly, though, I will be happier when the #IdiotInChief is no longer in office.
You Dems are by nature MISSERABLE! You never get satisfied on ALLLL of your bitching and moaning, you just want more more and more.
Please take your own advice and go BLOCK yourself!! #ShitHolePresident #LiarInChief #ShitHoleAdministration  #MuellerIsComing  #StormyDaniels #Resisters #GOPMoron
All them ARE HUSAIN OBAMA
You should ask for your money back for this joke
If it were for real, I'd actually watch this.
GOP... The party of Christian values, high morals and integrity... 
#hypocrites
Let me guess... another Christian conservative with the usual denigrating and name calling... smh
And you are a DEMONCRAT/ anti-Christ
Neither... And definitely not a #hypocrite...
Precisely why I never watch Maria Bartiromo.
Maybe you and your friends should stay away from children. Dirty old Republicans.
Govenor, I love your tweets. I see tweets from a lot of people. But when I see yours, I click on them. You pick up my day and make them better! Thank you for brightening up my days!
I’d rather watch paint dry
Please do!

It's gotta be wasabi if it's with a sushi chaser.
Why not tell them the art of lying by your daughter??
Mike 
Thanks for Sarah 
She is just doing an Incredible job 
 
Um...ok.
What is wrong with you? Go see a shrink...You need help.
If you watch @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness from 6-9am ET you will go broke.
Did you teach your daughter how to Lie or did she learn that on her own. Unbelievable Christian hypocrisy.
How stupid, not even funny.

This is such a prizewinning tweet
Cool.  Can't wait for you to joke about the condom challenge in four months when it is an old and dated thing too.

LOL!!! everything is better with Tabasco sauce......when doing High School play my opposite in "Oklahoma" got too frisky after we did a round of Elementary school promo events....I put tabasco sauce on my Lips, took care of anything pos brewing...My lips hurt, but, it was Magic.
Not amusing @GovMikeHuckabee
You’re killing me, Mike. So funny!
The post-@ChipHinkleman era just gets worse and worse by the tweet. This is so fucking awful.
Hahaha...we will try to tune in as a family. Guess what I'll serve as a snack? Ur a hoot guv!
you seem to have little faith in our youth.....that's so sad....
Well, they are snorting condoms up their noses and posting videos of it on the internet so I wouldn't have any faith in them either.
Guess if we had gotten a picture of you doing something stupid, as a teenager, we could assume that every single teenager did it too.....
Idiot.
Takes one to know one
Clever.
Good on you son hopefully you will go into cardiac arrest
News Flash. You aren't funny. Stop trying.

I don't understand these tweets? Has your account been hacked? I don't get it? Waterboarding now Tide pods????#foxnews
#TodaysHaiku 
Huckabee humor:
Tabasco  sauce on Tide pods.
I forgot to laugh.
You are as coherent as your hero, Trump.
Very few "teens" eat Tide Pods. MANY teens are concerned about people shooting up their schools. You may think you're clever disparaging an entire population of people by highlighting the antics of a few. Maybe we should look at all the perverted preachers?
Sound yummy

if you'll have 2nds on those tide pods, I'll take care of the dining check.
Idiot.
Takes one to know one
Not sure what eating tide pods has to do with sushi. Are you sure you haven’t already eaten the tide pods @GovMikeHuckabee?
Have you tried them yet !!!they taste gr8
I believe you have eaten then.
Yeah but, today, you're WAY out of touch.  Today THE thing is SNORTING CONDOMS!
Oh my
 You scored once again!
Please eat as many as you can. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and rid us of fools like you
Love it Gov. Keep up the good work funny stuff
You have the sense of humor of a serial killer who calls the police to tell them where they can find the body....
Go back to eating paint chips, leave jokes to literally EVERYONE else.
I will watch if you also snort condoms at the same time!
Great one Mike Huckabee. Just don't snort any condoms up your nose. Need to save that one for next week.
I’d rather get hit by a truck. You fuckabee are nothing more than a tRump 
There are plenty of trucks on the road. Go outside and take your pick. I'd suggest a big 18 wheeler.
You do hold some sort of position in DC do you not? Tweet real substance please.
No, he doesn't hold any position in DC. Shows how much you know about him.
What kind of humorless moron mixes Tabasco with sushi? Did I mention unfunny?
Governor, sure as I'm sitting here, there's going to be some da teen out there that's going to try that. Common sense is out the window with the baby in the bathwater!
They already are doing this, and snorting condoms up their noses.
Why the eff would anyone want you as a guest? Your tired old “logic” is just that...tired. Your attempts at humor are pathetic and your daughter goes on TV daily to cover up for and lie to the American people. Go away.
You should take your own advice and GO AWAY.
What??

I love your humor.  So sorry so many angry people don’t.
Hahahahaha well your insides will be nice and clean 
Can’t wait for the movie “ Huckabee .. uncut !”
Don’t forget the condoms mike you can fill them up with tide pods to carry them with you then you will have the condoms left to snort up the old nose then go duck hunting xoxo
Awful
One of the very few reasons why I would actually watch you. Not many more but you found one.
Shouldn’t you concentrate on keeping your lying daughter from burning in Hell? Maybe encourage her to find employment where she doesn’t lie to the public daily. That is what a good parent would do.
You do love your food! Judging by you and your lyin’ daughters waistline, there’s not much a Huckabee won’t eat! If you could only nibble on the truth occasionally! How about chewing on some facts once and awhile? Voters are about to serve taste if reality real soon!
....always funny Gov...luv ya 
Tide Pods again? Wasn't funny first time around, old, tired news!
Well, at least not as funny as the dumbasses that are actually doing it.
Evil
Well, at least they’re only hurting themselves and not torturing and killing an innocent dog. Tide podders are few and far between, entitled rich, cruel boys are, sadly, too numerous and live to destroy others.
HUCKY, YOUR A SICK LITTLE MAN
So, they didn’t find your head during your colonoscopy...got it. #Resist

you should write a tide pod cook book with simple instructions so even ateen can understand it.
Does @PressSec ever get sick of lying? Yesterday re: McMaster comment, that was just blatant. How embarrassing #liarforPotus #PotusPuppet

Stop picking on our youth they will be in charge soon and you won't mean piss or your lying daughter and dog killing boys #CyberBullying @FLOTUS  do ya job u promised here's a bully

Careful, you a big guy... Don't over eat.  These are tide pods not pork rinds.
Not funny-again.

While playing music through a condom in your nose, now that's millennial talent!
Do what you always do fatty- eat your feelings.
What about snorting condoms?
Lmbo enjoy your show Mike 
You need an editor.
Speaking of eating...lol..
Can Gov. Help my FIND FUNDING for my mother who deseperately needs EXTREME DENTAL CARE bc of a autoimmune illness. She is a is disabled, and a army reserves veteran, but she's  not a disabled veteran. Unfortunately MEDICARE doesn't cover Dental.
I don’t know where you are but we have outreach dental services here. Have you tried searching for that type service there?
Excellent work Gov. Huckabee. Remember you must continue delivering these terrible jokes exactly as they are written. If you fail to do so we will release the videotapes.
I know... eating tide pods,  right? Remember when teens did normal kid stuff like torturing dogs in the Forrest? Simpler times imo...
You should have your own show.
Talk about a joke that’s in bad taste
It’s literal
Dont forget to wrap them in a condom
Somebody shoot this fool!
And they too get to vote. Sigh.

