And your daughter in up to her eyeballs...
Mr.  Huckabee -  as someone who voted for you in the iowa caucus and admired you...this tweet is beneath you.

Crawl back to the gutter you piece of 
You won’t be anywhere near it im sure. There are People of COLOR on it.

Sarah Slanders & the rest of the Huckabee clan continue their Evilgelical journey.
Why give comey attention, his just a P O S
Fake news network aka @CNN

Are you serious?  Trump is the biggest narcissist showboater around... 
"I'm the best, 
I'm the greatest, 
I'm a stable genius... 
I ace tests usually given to Alzheimer patients".
Are you lending him yours?

Not quite as seaworthy 
Seems everyone is talking about him. I think silence and total boycotting would be so much more effective.
What boat will you hop on when FBI exposes Evangelical laundering rubles for Putin?
Jealous?
I guess your daughter Emelda @PressSec  boat is called LYIN SARAH’S GLAD TO HAVE ATTENTION. I BET SHE WAS ONE UGLY DUCKLING!!
And your daughter will be the cruise director on Trump’s prison barge. What’s your point?
Have you read the book?


Followed by Sarah huckabee sanders book tour, “the devil wears Walmart”
I HOPE HIS BOAT SINKS
Gov. Huckabee if you could find a way to get Comey book and each day copy a chapter of the book, there after until the whole book is post on the web for all to read would be greatly appreciated.  That would be no need to purchase this 'Fiction' and no money in Comey's pocket.


Oh my goodness - this is horrifying!  I guess lying every day really affects your looks.
That gaudy eye-sore totally looks like something @realDonaldTrump would buy and then brag about.
I spit out my omelette when I saw this!  Thank you for your insight!
You should be praying for your daughters soul
You're a disgrace.
Sure beats the #Trumptanic
Watching you trying to be funny is like watching your daughter trying to tell the truth.
Or her trying to look at one person at a time.

BLUE VS RED

BREAKING Huckabee is still a dickless wonder
You’re hilarious, Mike. How do you come up with these things? Blessed by God, I guess.
Love it! He has ZERO credibility Lyin’ James Comey
Awesome, been a fan of Mr Huckabee for many years, this funny!
BOT   You know what to do.
Lol governer you got jokes lol
Are you worried about your daughter's job? I would be. She should be, too. She'll be damn near unhire-able, as @seanspicer already sucked up that Harvard job.
She will end up on Fox, no wait you have to be slim with long blonde hair.  OK, Walmart then
I think she would make a pretty good greeter at Walmart. She has an eye for detail and a memory like an elephant. I wish her well.
Ha ha, I saw what you did there.  Well played!
Don’t worry Mike. Here are two books that will be published later this year. @MichaelCohen212 will not be around to convince the @NatEnquirer to buy these stories.
I thought he had joined the travelling Circus as 'Comey the Clown'?
Don't quit your day job Mike.
smh
 

Very timely reference.   Will he be sailing that Ole Man River?

By the way, your call for police to raid the FBI was silly and disgraceful.  

You all sound guilty as he&&.  Oh sorry sir... guilty as “heck”
Recognize yourself, Mikey?
Look out, dipsh*t - you're next.

This is exactly how it is too
Yeah

When you have the "Titanic" running the country...
They're all on The Titanic.

Diogenes would be very frustrated.

#Liars
hahaha..With the bracelet on his leg or not?
Better than a sinking ship, which is what the current White House is on.
Hypocrisy Family
Wow! He’s despicable! Such a poor excuse for a human from either political party @JamesComeyFBI
His book is a masterpiece of truth about a petty mob wanna be boss...TRUMP IS DONE
You gotta stop. It’s just not funny. Very stupid
Wonder if comey posed for any pics in his book like this girl?
Amazing how you believe everything the liar in the White House says!
When do we get the book about your son and the dogs?
Investigators traced evidence Cohen entered Czech Republic through Germany, during Aug or early Sept of 2016 as ex-spy reported, He wouldn’t have needed a passport for such a trip, because both countries are in so-called Schengen Area in which 26 nations operate w open borders.
Hey Mike, try as you guys like, it's a pretty hard sell, when, with the exception of a handful of die hard trump supporters, the majority of the country and world, see Comey as a man of integrity and Trump as a man who can't open his mouth unless a lie has already been formed.
Still best book ever!

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Cant wait to read the truth!

#Comey is an arrogant lying self-serving piece of s**t
comey-clinton-homey
And you know all about showboating dontchya?
The ego trip is about to begin!!
Bot. Block it
THE LIE BOAT!!

and he will expose the lies and slander of the anti American Nazi right to which you are devoted. James Comey- American patriot, Mike Huckabeee NAZI swamp slime
You need better writers. Your inability to be humorous and witty is exactly why you have a liar and a dog killer as children.
Jim Comey ("His lips are moving, his lips are moving, his lips are moving so he is lie lie lying.)  Mike Huckabee is an example of the truth and nothing but the truth.
You call it a showboat we call it a destroyer!
Trump could plow Huckabees wife amd ole Mikey would kiss the ring and come up with another lame joke like a pathetic court jester
So love your humor...right on target always.
Almost lost my coffee on that one...hahahaha
His googley eye daughter makes me lose my lunch.

Mike, when are you doing YOUR book tour?
Hey that's pretty good! 
I hope that showboat strikes an iceberg.
Nobody gets jokes with references from the thirties anymore. You are the Joe Franklin of Twitter. Make the next one about Laurel & Hardy.
Brilliant
Is it? Is it really?


I can’t believe he still has a job! I couldn’t disrespect my boss and still work. That’s craziness and Trump should fire his Wiesel ass!!
 OMG!!
Looks like your meal ticket is bankrupting soon. When do you turn on trump and pretend you didn't know he was a treasonous rat?
NEW:  Sources tell us that Mueller has evidence Cohen was in Prague in 2016, confirming part of the dossier http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/white-house/article208870264.html …
Jesus man, are you F'n lame.  You hated trump during the primaries, because you understood he was an idiot.  snap out of it.  And tell your daughter to start wearing the eye patch again.  Thanks and that is all
At what time will you ve on TV again? Please remind us like you do every day...
#mirror
Shall we start calling him Captain Andy?
LOL
I think Hickabee has something to hide. #actingguilty #complicit
I pray it sinks quickly #jailcomey
You are as Pathetically Vicious as Sarah! Shameful!
, COMEY needs to be doing his book tour in GITMO
... still not funny.  New writers maybe?
He won’t have to do a tour book is sold out before hitting the market
Is your son John a porn actor? #SweetCheeks #MAGAt #FakeChristian
I feel like Trump is the pied piper and 1 at a time the swamp is getting drained Let’s see who’s next I hope Hillary or Lynch
Hahahahaha 
After all Trump put him through, he deserves A book tour. Unlike Donald Trump, he is a good man. I am thrilled he wrote a book. I wish everyone in the cabinet would right A book.  Then Trump would have no place to hide!!
good one mike
Better than coupling up to the Trump Train.
Isn’t that the same boat you can catch up with Bill Kristol on?
Love this, Gov, you are so creative!!!!
did he borrow that from you

Jealous much, Huck?
You show em Huck....can always count on your commentary.....
Baahaahaaa
Mr. Huckabee that is really FUNNY!  Oh, I really enjoy your show.
And I REALLY disagree with you.
Yo! All you Huckasucks can eat shit!


Prediction: many stops will be canceled just like the last nut job who wtote a book

I don't like this photograph
Jealous?

When are you touring with Vietnam War hero Ted  Nugent shit in my pants?
Your daughter is amazing!
At lying
He's 10 times the man you could ever hope to be!!!
You and your show boat are past history ... shut up
Love it, so true
I can’t wait to get my copy!  Jealous!
He and Cory Booker can be co-captains!

Your book title “Lies and other things I tell Myself”.  I’m sure Fox News will help you hock it.
Just don't claim to be a Christian, all is fine then. We know who you are. Selective values or as that moron said it, 'alternative facts!'
Agreed!! What a phony!!
You're so full of  the EPA should declare you a disaster zone with the effluent that pukes from your mouth fake Christian!
Huck ...
or, Sloboat...to China...or wherever.
You nailed it!
I thought you believed in the Golden rule liar

Wretched Human Being Mike Huckabee claiming that took COURAGE from Trump to pardon Scooter Libby for being convicted by a jury of 2 counts of perjury, Obstruction of Justice, & making false statements. 

Congrats Wretched Hunan Being Mike Huckabee for redefining word "courage."
Call Sams club maybe they can put him right were HRC was put on her book tour...by the toilet paper isle
 I love it.
Protest too much?
Your daughter will be unemployed once Spanky ends up impeached!!! Ha ha!! You’re a dick!
You support abortion now Mike ?
You're one to talk.
I just love your sense of humor, Governer!  
You would think someone who has not been “governor” for 11 years would drop the title off their twitter feed. Talk about living in the past. Get a life

As you watch your daughter become the mouthpiece of a Lustful,
Gluttonous, Greedy, Slothful, Wrathful, Envious, Prideful man, I wonder how you manage to sleep at night. You have offered up your children to the definition of sin. May it haunt you the rest of your days.
Thanks for selling more of his *memos* - #DumbAssMike
i heard FBI is looking into your statements about leaving and going to the old age home.
https://twitter.com/RealSaavedra/status/984568843338067969 … #LyinComey
GOP Releases Brutal Video Of Democrats Attacking @Comey's Credibility 


That’s right, u insult that entire agency with your lies. Its helpful to the @FBI when they’re out on the street risking their lives to protect us. I see where your gross daughter gets that repugnant disposition! She looks so comfortable lying too. True sociopath! Just like dada!
Your entire post-government career in media has been on this EXACT same ship. You sure that’s a glass house you should be tossing things at, Guv?
Nice, LMAO.
Comey has hit a nerve with you guys. Making you sweat isn’t he?


OMG I’ve been trying to figure out who Comey reminded me of - Tommy Tune!!!  Comey’s next career could be Broadway
oh, you!
Something tells me he'll be singing "Ol' Man River" as he's heading up.

I guess a show boat is better than the shit pile Trump is sitting on right now.
Very Good, Gov. Ha! He should be Transported in a Bumper Car, or a Free One Way Flight to Russia!
Will you meet him at the airport, comrade?
And you will continue your tour on the short bus  to 
Ignorance is bliss...
What do you know about any of this?     Who are you working for?
Probably not enough dog murder for your sick fucking family to enjoy, huh Mike?

You really don't need to prove how BIG of an idiot you are by tweeting all day long.  It's already established beyond doubt.
Surrounded by happy revelers and
well-wishers. Singing and dancing
and having a wonderful time. Yes,
he's quite the popular fellow. What
an excellent observation, Mike 

Tell your daughter to stop lying and smearing. But the again you’re her father so she’s just like you. #LyingSlimeballHuckabees



You’re just not funny Mike. You’re malignant, and irritating, but you’ve never once been funny. Maybe you can find a job more suited to your talents. I don’t know, how about Rodeo Clown?

Good one, Govenor! 
You sound very jealous
The choice is show boat or chain gang.... guess who gets the chain gang?
WOW! Cohen was in Prague in 2016! Another dossier claim that's backed up with evidence. The dossier is real.
https://www.newsmax.com/t/newsmax/article/854477?section=politics&keywords=michael-cohen-donald-trump-robert-mueller-prague&year=2018&month=04&date=13&id=854477&aliaspath=%2FManage%2FArticles%2FTemplate-Main&oref=t.co …
Jealous much
Boy, he sure fooled everybody! What a snake!
"Hello pot, this is kettle...."
Jealous, scared, or both?
Love your sense of humor, Governor...
i'd like his sense of humor too if he ever showed any.
I am so over Coney. Totally bored.
