You’d also have to be pretty paranoid to think a WH Press secretary is sharing confidential information with her former Governor father so he can keep his failing career on life support.

Corrupt FBI is just the tip of the iceberg.
When said #FBI Director refers to @HillaryClinton as a woman who “respects the law,” you know you’re dealing with a nutcase.

Many people are saying Trump is a butcheredly pie-eyed slop
Takes one to know one
Why thank you, Brian
The calls are coming from INSIDE THE HOUSE MIke ... INSIDE THE HOUSE!!!!!
I love you Gov Huckabee and your daughter as well. Never stop tweeting, please

"Every week you stand in front of a microphone and willingly perpetuate falsehoods that do great harm to millions of people.

As a Christian that has to be rough—or maybe it isn't."

…

And who could have ever imagined an immoral man like 45 could be president. Thank God for patriots like Mueller, Comey and the others who work tirelessly while people like you put them down. History will judge you so harshly.

Rudy is ok. Really he’s ok. Nothing to see here...
  too funny
almost as crazy sounding as a shifty con-artist who has been raking in millions $ in dirty Russian money for over decade, suddenly deciding, for no real reason, to volunteer to run the #trump campaign for free. lol.
Look no further then Rudy 9/11
How many times has the fbi from mueller investigation leaked anything!!!!?  All signs point to the leaks being the swamp White House. Not even “fucking moron” could be kept under wraps.
Oh, Rev. Huckabee. Stick to misquoting the Bible. Your political analysis has all the impact of a hummingbird fart.
Or stupid. You’d have to be stupid to think it wasn’t the Trump team (Guliani, ahem).
Mueller doesn’t leak. His indictments were all surprises. Your moron and his staff leak. The questions were leaked via Jay Sekulow.
Just curious. Did you teach your daughter to lie or is she just a natural? I thank GOD every day that I don’t  follow YOUR Christian values. I don’t see anything but evil in your so-called Christianity.
Yes paranoid OR full of common sense
I no longer trust the FBI thanks to all the corruption that has been exposed.
If you had 2 neurons in your brain you would know that Trump leaked the questions. Nothing has leaked so far from Mueller’s group. There’re grammatical errors typical of the very stable genius who went to the best school(s) but never learnt to spell
In that case, I am a paranoid Patriot. I  don’t trust our Justice Department.
The photo of Comey walking into NYT 
He is a criminal.
SARCASM INTENDED OF COURSE

The mainstream media isn't talking about a federal court filing revealing a $84 million money-laundering conspiracy by Dems during the 2016 presidential election. http://fdrl.st/9vp 
True of the liberals but not the hard working, common sense Americans who support our president.
Right, cause YOU don't have a partisan agenda or anything... SMH
Trump should just say, he fired Comey because he didn’t like him, next question.
The thing is he said he fired him because of the russia investigation... sorry
FYI he has the power to fire him for ANYTHING. He also has the power to say he fired him for ANYTHING! He also has the power to say F’ OFF ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS WHY I FIRED HIM! Essentially he can fire him for anything & doesnt have to tell anyone why he did. Sorry #Snowflake
Agreed.. but if he fires him to obstruct justice which he did, he will face consequences because guess what? He is not above the law
Get over obstruction. You sound like a damn broken record. Comeys own memos show opposite since he asked him repeatedly to do what he had to get it resolved ASAP & over with. He gave him 1000’s pages of records in the beginning. Not something someone does when obstructing stupid!

Nothing would surprise me coming from this man who is trying to protect the FBI upper ranks and his personal friends from the devastation of being found guilty  a crime along with the Attorney General staff from the previous administration.  What a shame.
BREAKING NEWS: HOW DEEP STATE FRAMED THE TRUMP RUSSIA NARRATIVE, read the step by step guide "GET TRUMP" Part 3, a frightening must read for all true TRUMP SUPPORTERS
Welcome to the newest Banana Republic!
It was Rudy. Notice all the words that were not spelled correctly. Plus there has not been one leak from Mueller since he started the investigation.
Yeah, that’s sounds like something @realDonaldTrump would do.
It's not called New York Crimes for nothing, you can be sure of that. Don't you get it?
Ask Rudy Giuliani
Comey, Brennan, Tapper, Killary are like cancer that are hard to get rid of. They never stop coming back.

Of course Trump can always say, I fired Commie, sorry Comey because I felt like it.
Pardon us, you, excuse for something....No. Guiliani did it. He's wired, too. Your daughter better watch her step.
Do YOU ARE ADMITTING Trump will go down!!!!  YAY!!!
No Mueller is it Leaker anti Trump
You a first class idiot!!
You seem stressed. Do you need to let off steam by encouraging your son to multilate and kill a family pet and your daughter to lie on a daily basis with a straight face? Your parenting skills are just as hideous as your political skills. Go fuck yourself off.
You'd have to be a pretty silly old man to ignore that Dirty Rudy and Trump leaked the questions.
Jesus just told me he hates you, and you need to start respecting him as a black man. And only prey on all fours, because you’re a dog.
Let me see... were there any typos or grammar errors Sherlock?

Clearly this is right wing propoganda.

It is apparent where your daughter learned to lie and deceive...

I'd pay good money to see you justify your lies at the log pearly gates #FauxChristian
How's the family pet
You’re as bad as Kanye. Really!
@JamesComeyFBI thought he would never get caught because he believed Hillary would win the election
That’s because he didn’t. You, your horrible daughter and the rest of this corrupt administration are in for a rude awakening after this election. Justice will finally be served.
That’s exactly what I think. It like saying come into my web so I can get you. Enough is enough. Let the President do his job & stop this insanity

Trump did chuckleberry

Right ....the leak came from the whitehouse so why make your crap up

But, you would be right.
Well, when you’ve got Rudy on your team..Er..uh huh



Are you in favor of congressional term limits?
#DrainTheSwamp
Now that’s just crazy! 
Sadly true

Wolf is like a mad dog that needs to be put down.  Typical unhinged leftist, though.

Nah!!! Not The NY Times!!!!    The bastion of American freedom???
Mike, from the same person / team constructed his own medical report through the election. Mueller is one of the few that has shown integrity during his investigation so unlikely his team.
Well, Hickabee, Trump's last atty to quit, Ty Cobb, said Rudy Th Rat or that blundering fraud, Jay Sekulow did it.
You have to be stupid to tweet that now that we know Trumps attorney made the 49 questions and they did not originate from Mueller. Ty Cobb just said Mueller did not leak them.
Mike ? You and @PressSec are paranoid.
Just saying for America.
Just call me paranoid and despicable
Mikey has no idea what he is talking about. Moron.
An extract from Paul's 1st Epistle to the Trumpians..
Hey Mike........How much have you done to distrubite the Loaves and Fishes today? Why not spend more time on God's work than the foolishness of man???
Yes, and that's what all the Socialist progressives have been counting on. Too crazy to imagine and yet what was done. So are WE crazy or are they? I say "THEY ARE CRAZY AND DISGUSTING"!
NYT?  Oh yes, target!

I like Mike; he tells it like it is.
Thanks Mike keep up the good work!
Hey fatty! What are you whining and lying about today?
Agreed
You'd also have to be pretty paranoid to think a former Flotus would kill an X-Presidents' son to become Secretary of State. Only to murder a bunch of Patriots in Bengazi. Then be allowed to run free, and then run for President. While killing and destroying everything in her path
You are going down with this ship....
#CrookedComey
#DishonestMedia
#DeepState

Of course!
It does make one scratch their head, doesn't it??
Right!?!

Stop pushing your propaganda. Nothing about Comey’s own memos were classified.

I don't know Mike. I think you would have to be pretty naive to think someone is honest and trustworthy just because they work or used to work for the FBI.
That describes Trump's base perfectly.  You worthless fake Christian sycophant.
Oh huck.....paranoid
Lock up Comey
people do what they want to do
Maybe it was the press secretary.
The Un-American like obstruction is so abnormal that we can not reasonably expect this to end in a normal and civil fashion. We The People patriots should brace ourselves for the worst while getting out the vote for the best ending to this saga in November.
Lol even if you are paranoid that don't mean he didn't.  I bet he did
Your daughter is a straight up liar.  How very #christian of her, and a blight on your raising of her, oh wait, you’ve been known to depart from the truth too.  Never mind.

We need a total purge of all those playing partisan politics in this special councel probe.  It is an abuse of the power vested in them. They have no right to act upon their own political preferences. Fire them all before they destroy the USA and our freedom.
You'd have to be pretty dang ignorant to think Trump wouldn't do it, himself.
And you'd have 2 be a special kinda stupid 2 think that anyone but Trump did it.
If only...
That would be crazy, huh???
Desperation would be a good word.
so why did he leak?
Giuliani. IKR?
Republicans are masters at it.

You read my mind Huck.
But he did just that !!!
Poor irrelevant mike Huckabee. He wrote this before it was revealed that in a Mar./18 meeting with Mueller, Trump lawyer( Jay Sekelow) took down notes of questions  Mueller's team wants to ask Trump. It was revealed late this evening that Sekelow leaked his own notes to the press
Yep.  And you are.
Former FBI Director is no different than other greedy people in this country.  They are out to make a buck & don't care how they do it.  Yes, even slandering & trying to destroy another person.   Things are that bad in this country
Agenda. Agenda. Agenda
 Why is 1/2 of den party marxist? This has been verified by former CIA agent and others
Just because you’re paranoid doesn’t mean someone isn’t out to get you.
No you wouldn’t


He’s damn republican! 
I think your name could have been added to this too:

J Edger Hoover would be proud of him .
As a psychiatrist, the post is hilarious to me!!!!! 

It’s so delusional and yet so true.. hahaha. Thanks for posting it! 

(Yes, psychiatrists can have a sense of humor) 
Guilty. I’m pretty paranoid.  #DrainTheSwamp
Guiliani

#WitchHunt #PoliticalActivist
lol. The WH leaked the questions. Care to appologize now? Thought so. Pathetic lil man. #SarahLies
The information he leaked wasn’t classified you donkey
ALL OF THIS UNETHICAL ACTIVITIES GOING ON AND NO ONE GETS CHARGED OR EVEN CALLED ON THIS UNETHICAL CLOSE TO CRIMINAL ACTIVITY
Hey maybe Mueller already has a job lined up with The New York Rag Times! Like leaking Clapper and the Crap News Network, that nonpolitical hack Brennan and MSNBC (),
and everyone's and my favorite liar and leaker Comey!  
#ItPaysToLeak
#NoIntegrity 
#DrainTheDambSwamp
You drunk the stupid cool aid. You and Sarah.
My psychiatrist said those exact words to me.....you must be extremely paranoid that you would think that Comey would leak classified information tho the @nytimes.
#NoHonor
#NoIntegrity 
#Liars 
#Leakers 
#Criminals 
#FederalBureauOfIntimidation 
#DrainTheFBISwamp
That’s what they would like us to think
Governor it is so refreshing to hear Truth,. And strength, And for a POTUS to talk bluntly to those who have been lying and taking America down,
Yeah, well, count me in as paranoid 
Rudy Giuliani
Especially since it did not work for Comey! Guess they never had a plan "B."  Do not seem to think well on their feet. W/o months of planning they seem lost. POTUS is great at shooting from the hip, much like Sarah.
We the people want Trump, It's time you media people go around the country and rally us so Washington can hear us, Demand that they go. Left is not wanted, We the people
Yes, you are paranoid.
Lying comes easily to Huck’s it seems
Not when you know the background and exploits of the character assassin.
…https://1zwchz1jbsr61f1c4mgf0abl-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Gohmert_Mueller_UNMASKED.pdf …
Who leaked the questions today, fingers are pointing to Moron in Chief.
No, No way.
And we think the shooters at these schools are the only mental causes out there. This mental illness is just as scary. To had been head of FBI.
It was Trumps lawyers that leaked the questions...
Your daughter lies to the American people for a living. You should be ashamed.
the delusion of self-righteousness will make a man do unrighteous things
Like a president who makes up question from Muller and then leaks them?Glass houses ass wipe!
Are you speaking of our 37th or 45th President?
Nonsense. Get a life.
I guess I must be paranoid
AmenGov.Mike H.
Knowing Trump he’s probably the one who had it leaked himself, wouldn’t put it passed him.
Really?  A small time or opportunistic writer / editor is what? Tantamount to a body of paranoia?  Is that what it is these days?
Good Read, I always appreciate the additional articals attached to your link.
Found the leaker

I'm not paranoid - but everyone thinks I am!
your son kills dogs #fact your daughter lies everyday #fact #baddad #sinner
Nothing surprises me any more.
Ya you would. Seems like those questions were created and leaked by trumps team. Hmmm, funny, wonder why they did that. @CNNPolitics @NBCPolitics @ABCPolitics @CBSNews

Did mom have
This is a VERY sad time in America
Yup.
Who is paranoid? LOL
