Oh sure mmhm
Just a nasty and despicable organism.
They don’t care – they are on a mission to take down the whole Trump family! It’s a shame!
It's a disgrace! I feel so sorry for President Trump & his family, I've never know a President to be treated so badly. God Bless America and President Trump MAGA 
Your white privilege keeps you blind!!!
You’re soooo bitter & full of hatred.  As a white woman, I’ve worked hard all of my life to have the things I have.  Don’t accept any kind of DISABILITYcheck or welfare check like 45 million useless bums in this county!  The system is being abused!!!
Hey Ms. Pee Christian. I guess the P stand for Pharisee. Jesus had 12 disciples which were liars, thieves, drunks, murderers, christ deniers. Had you live in their times those are the people you would have called bums. Not sure you will meet them in heaven. They already there. U?
Oh, why thank you you fvcking counterfeit christian! Prepare for hell. You are on your way. Fake @$$ christian. This is who you support...

I hope you are not categorizing the T&A First Not A Lady as “conservative”. She was a porn model and very likely an escort 
They sure keep trying to rebrand her!  They say she speaks 5 languages, including French, yet she traveled with an interpreter while in France.  My mother always said, “You can’t make a silk purse from a sow’s ear.”
Dems have their minds in the gutter!
Umm, Hollywood Access tapes ring a bell?
Yes Dan, but I overlook it. It was a private conversation, taped and saved for years, until it was released at an opportune moment right before the election. But it didn’t do the job did it? In fact nothing has. Think I’ll call him “The Teflon Don!” Get it? Lol!
You support an incestuous child molester.  Your ability to use “basic human decency” as a critique of any other living thing is blasphemy.  You should feel some sense of humility knowing little girls had the trajectory of their lives changed negatively.
And this is why you are so loved @GovMikeHuckabee Me & my family wish u were prez. I have admired u since u were the gov of AR and I had the opportunity to meet u at snaxpo a few years ago. Keep up the good work! 
Our first lady is absolutely breath taking Beautiful .And our Potus is just a pure bad ass .lol
You ever seen any ugly porn models?
But we don’t hang dogs like that nasty subhuman Huckabee-son, or lie everyday like his inbred looking daughter.
It would seem you trigger a lot of haters, Governor. I think your daughter is doing an awesome job, fwiw.
She is lovely and gracious.
So much to be proud of.
I see that Alferova Yulia is a big fan of yours.
Basis human decency !/nice Words!
Yeah, don't mock women who are abused and cheated on by their husbands. Even if she is a pubic servant.
Start w/@GOP apologies to #44!
#TRump invented racist #Birtherism
& had 2confess it was bogus.
#TRump promised 2release his #TAXES—Never will.
#45's never released his own grades but demands them from a Harvard #ConstitutionalLawyer.
@SenateMajLdr—#BestAchievement—#BlockingObama.
Boohooo

Vipers in diapers!
She is a special, beautifull human being...

That's what you will be doing from hell...!!!
Your evil @$$ don't have a heaven nor a hell to put me in. But since I am going there I will meet your stupid @$$ there.
You are the devil and I am not afraid of you....!!!!!!!........
There is no need to fear me. I ain have nothing for you or going to enslave you but this is the antichrist and you love him. Enjoy your final destination with him.
Wow, you do not read...so you do not know ho is the real anti Crist...well, sleep tite, ignorance if bliss...do not wake up...!!!
You sleep tight and don't let him grab your pu$$immons.
She’s beautiful, elegant, classy but most importantly intelligent
Um, hmmm. "Classy."
You think they know how to read more than simple scripts?
The ONLY "GOLDEN rule" that the majority of the Celebs & Politicians know of is ....."Whoever owns the gold ...RULES"
Such a classy, smart and beautiful woman.
Let me show you class you dumb f**k...Keep your eyes to the left you lustful sinner!!!
Very pretty and classy first lady
I would concede a$$$y
Whatever bud, good luck with that
lol...And you can keep that classless porn star.
Nah, you can have her
She is all yours....and Trump's.
when is everyone in the GOP going to realize there IS no decency with Liberals and Dems - they are EVIL - they despise everything we stand for and will do anything - absolutely anything to destroy us.  Lets get real & stop the silly bi-partisan hope talks
Our First Lady is just stunning. How can anyone think it is ok to attack her? It’s so wrong.
We live in a world of double standards.
That is so true and so scary.
I agree.
and this tweet to you from fox's gillian turner is why you need to keep using it. this is repugnant. #FoxNewsAtNight
And of all people Mr. Pharisees, you of all people should not be setting no rules!!!
you mean like everytime you set up a perp walk on a person who was later found not guilty? I find your concern about decency a tad biased.
A lecture on civility and human decency coming from you? Now that's ripe!
Oh, poor Genie. She can't read too well. She obviously didn't read Mike HuckabeeWanbabeRelevant's commentary on civility and human decency. Her tirade directed at me shows the Right's hypocrisy.

Sounds great. I feel that not discriminating against homosexuals is basic human decency.
He doesn't and never did.
You cannot be speaking about homophobic Huckabee.  Really?
The same ppl who want the government out of their lives want the government to tell them who they are allowed to marry.

Weirdos.
Why don’t you do some research on Mike Huckabee, might surprise you and if not you will have learned about being a decent human being

She is the loveliest First Lady since Jackie Kennedy.  She's also multilingual. Very intelligent woman.
Yes, she's also Trump's handler. Trump is just too stupid to realize it.
Agreed! Maybe if Hollywood elites had a shred of basic human decency they would do a better job of scrobbing their weasels.
And the Republican elites at grabbing their pussimmons.
Wondering if you defended Michelle Obama when the nuts on the right said such vile things about her. Asking for all Americans.
Bingo!
A great First Lady
Your Alzheimers is kicking in. Time to give up the ghost.
I’m more active in one day than you are in a year you must have memory issues
There is that Alzheimers kicking in again. Let that ghost go.
I know, right?
HERETIC
Oh, so you say you love God but you support Trump's behavior? Tell me more about how you've devoted your life to Jesus. Then look up the word Heretic again.
So true Mike & I think you should!
Amen
They have convinced themselves that the president was a racist, homophobic, xenophobic, misogynistic, dictator. In other words they have completely vilified him. Therefore they think everything is fair game.
Well it's obvious that he's a racist xenophope, I mean he married an immigrant.
Yes obviously lol 
Mike you should write it but do so in crayon so they can read it
‘Basic human decency’ is something Huckabee’s can’t claim.  You wouldn’t be able to recognize it because not lying is required.
Send one to your LYING DAUGHTER...you taught her well.
Do that. Send a signed copy to Trump.
Did you teach your son the golden rule? You know the one that should be in prison for torturing and killing animals
So when are you going to start practicing what you preach?
Golden Showers?  #PeeTape
The verison your referring to is not what is taught in schools now, but you do have a point though.!
respectfully
It's called basic courtesy and manners and they don't have any.
Maybe u shouldn’t mention “Golden”
I've read your twitter feed. Dude, you don't even follow the Golden Rule.
You should !
I follow the White Rule when interacting with conservatives. I treat you like you treat others.
Apparently Governor! Please us all CAPITAL LETTERS!!!
Practice what you preach
You are right, sir...

needs to be taught again and again and again
Maybe mikey should make a shirt for himself saying "my daughter and I have no human decency".
A great article.
It should start by you!
You are one to talk about decency. Hahaha....
Is she decent?
Yes. That is what we expect sir. From you...
I think Americans needs to have to go back and learn Ms. Manners. We have lost our ability to be civil and have become like bully children who don't get what we want. Nasty children. Sad day.
The one to the right is way less than basic. The ladies to the left are of extreme high stature that Melanoma will never be able to accomplish.
Yeah, you mentioned basic human decency...
Someone mentioned basic human decency. Was it you Mike?
They are getting worse because Trump is doing a great job
Mike, you can not “remind” anyone of something of which they know nothing about because they never learned it in the first place.
Interesting how often you choose not to deploy it in your own behavior.
Or his son that likes to torture and kill animals
You support a candidate that possesses absolutely none of what you speak of
Yes, like you responded to the ones aimed at First Lady Michelle Obama. Get off your high horse asshat.
You big hypocrite!!!
Says the guy who trash talks Maxine Waters who's never done anything to him.
You are the very last person who should talk about this. Hypocrite.
Write a book!  Everyone else is.
You get on Twitter and MOCK and BELITTLE and TAUNT and RIDICULE people all day and you call for "basic human decency"? This may be the only funny thing you've ever said.
You need to remind your president @realDonaldTrump of all these things, as well.
You can't teach class to ignorance, that is bred in someone.
If you look up Mike Huckabee, the main definition will be clueless irony.
The golden rule of porn?


kettle/black kettle/black kettle/black
HUCKY.  YOUR GOING TO REMIND WHO, UNBELIEVEABLE, SPANKY'S WIFE IS HAVING THEIR FRIST CHILD, AND THE ORANGEMAN IS OUT GETTING SPANKED BY STORMY.............WHAT KIND OF SICK THING ARE YOU
Just get a parrot and teach it to say "basic human decency" then you can move on.
You should have a conversation with @realDonaldTrump about human decency. He treats people in ways that would be UNACCEPTABLE in any circumstance and people fight back. That cycle will not end unless Trump changes his behavior. He is NOT a victim. Respect given is respect earned.
It’s amazing that this guy preaches about human decency when he raised a son to kill innocent animals including dogs.
You would need to learn what basic human decency is first, and then try practicing it for awhile before you write anything explaining to others what it is. As you are, you certainly are not a good example of someone who exudes basic human decency. Repent!
Many of these people do not know of the golden rule, Mike. Especially millenials.Basic tenets of religion, any religion are lacking with this group. A big reason we are witnessing such incredible disregard for common decency. Morals, ethics, and basic manners seen as outdated.
The answer to your question is, yes, and you are the one ushering it in.
Well, stop repeating yourself.  Actually, just go ahead and shut the hell up altogether.  Crudball.
You missed the boat on the primer, Huck. The FOX jackals could have used it when they went after Obama and his family for 8 yrs.
#GovMikeHuckabee as you know, we are in an Ephesians 6:12 battle https://i.pinimg.com/736x/06/fd/58/06fd5846d86178f24c1e0cc528443398.jpg …
Amen
A primer won't work.  You would have to create some type of motivation to even get them to read an opposing view point.
I think America is blessed to have Melania Trump as their First Lady.  She is gracious, kind, humble and a beautiful woman.  She is a wonderful role model for young women today.  God bless her for all that she does on a daily basis as FLOTUS.
I like basic human kindness
Angel
Please write that primer!!!
She is such an AWESOME " FIRST LADY " .
While you’re at it, write something about hypocrisy. Or maybe your daughter can help with one about dishonesty.
LOL, they would do just like Congress does, they wouldn't read it
You're a "golden" shit stain Mike,
You have no foundation to stand on in regards to basic human decency.
You are old school - integrity n human decency  It’s apparent d “I” culture thrives
Good word. Quick thought: start with yourself.
Look whose talking..... f’kabee lol
Maybe you should practice what you preach
#Pharisees
#GoldenRule 
#BongHits4Jesus
#JohnBoehner
Maybe you should use that same principle of human decency you trying to impose on others. You and your daughter are sarcastic, rude and judgmental. You think you funny I think your mean spirited. Your daughter will never find another job after working for the devil.
Thanks for getting that evangelical vote for me while I grab‘em by the pu$$!
U were silent during the Obama years with regard to decency so maybe get off your high horse
yes sir, I do believe that a primer is in order :).
#theydontwantthetruth
Remind Donald Trump while you're at it.
Please & Thank You!
Have you talked to Trump about that? He is a liar and a bully and you condone that.
Remind them? They operate by the Iron Rule. Might makes right. They never heard of the Golden Rule.
I so love the righteous indignation as we allow Trump free reign with his anger and tantrums and NON Christian values.  So now he is anti abortion so that makes all ok.  Glad he wasnt in Egypt when the Holy family had to leave a violent situation in the own homeland.
How’s she doing in cyber bullying
I think the Senate Chaplain Barry Black should present a sermon every day for both the House and his usual gig the Senate with mandatory attendance for all and end with an alter call.
Bad People...Don’t Follow Rules.
Love You Governor...
Common sense too. GOD SPEED XO
If u do, make sure it is very very simple.
yea, nobody EVER dehumanized Michelle Obama.
I know Mike, me too- am so sick of telling everyone tic tacs bring you so close to the heavens that somehow women's lips end up on yours or sometimes their pussy ends up on your hand - common decency is to appreciate this miraculous power of tic tacs and not question it
Tell us some more how much you care about dignity #hypocrite

I agree with you on many things, sir, but if our current President is following the Golden Rule then he must want others to treat him like crap.
Perhaps look inward Mikey ...
Perhaps this all started when the orange elephant in the room bragged about grabbing women by the putty and moving in on them like a birch?
Is it Christian values&decent to commit adultery with a porn star while your wife just gave birth to your son? Then is hush money righteous?
Has the orange elephant in the room no decency, to refrain himself from calling a very wide swath of this plant stink-hole countries?
The list goes on and on and on.  It’s true what the Mooch said: The fish is rots from the head down.
You're a WEIRDO, that has to get your daily fix ranting on Twitter!
Sorry sir, but I've been asking that about your boy Trump for several years now. He lacks basic human decency, yet your daughter is willing to promulgate his lies, and you support him. Terrible hypocrisy from you, sir.
Please send your column abt human decency to Trump. He made no mention of the person who died in the fire, just tweeted about construction and first responders.
Your advice might also be useful for him as it applies to governing, treatment of women, social media use, etc as well.
No Sir you don't have to because it is a waste of your time.  I have come to realize that people do not have decency anymore.
And where were you when your party called @MichelleObama a monkey? Or how did you raise a daughter who tells reporters their questions are ridiculous? You're a fraud and you call yourself a religious man?  We Jews do not behave like you do..thank G-d.
Look in the mirror. SAD!
Goody! then we have a good night book to read to our grandbabies. There was a series that had about 20 or more books, it was awesome. Behaviors books. like, bullying, lying, ok , brain freeze. but it was great. cuz it was effective.
We have a beautiful, smart First Lady! It is good to have class back in the Whitehouse!
The anonymity of social media has allowed people to become aggressive, crude, and mean-spirited.   Would like to see civil discourse.
Yea well you didn’t say that about Michelle O’Bama.  If you did quote it here.
Don’t forget to look in the mirror when you do. It’s time to listen and respect others.
Right, like when you were calling Comey “Fredo” earlier today?  Yes, you used quotation marks but you still used it, Preacher.
The Golden Rule; now that could change the world... So simple.
To them the 'golden rule' means how much gold they can scam from the rest of the world before they're caught.  Wouldn't go there if I were you.
Common decency doesn’t exist in the democratic party
They would BURN it
Sorry Gov, but "basic human decency" was corrupted long, long ago.                     Time for Jesus the Christ
Too bad you didnt feel the same when conservative talkers were referring to Michelle Obama as a man in drag , you fake christian hypocrite.
Best First Lady ever. Stay classy melania, and strong. We love and admire you. There are no words to describe our disgust with the media and their endless campaign to wallow in the swamp
Please. Shall we review some of your distinctly indecent tweets and statements? You need the primer.
She’s a birther. She’s trash. Claimed Obama wasn’t born in USA.
Read a few of the comments made in reply. Unbelievably vile and vulgar! Governor, you do NOT deserve that kind of disrespect.
And Rinos
The leftists non Rinos are just burning up with jealousy of Potus and his family.
Their Golden Rule is, "He who has the gold makes the rules."
Leftists have no concept of the phrase!
Good idea! It is needed!
Can we start with POTUS?
Right; remember what Blake has to say about abusing the vulnerable & innocent (like a poor, hungry stray dog, for example):
"A dog starvd at his Masters Gate
Predicts the ruin of the State 
A Horse misusd upon the Road
Calls to Heaven for Human blood
....
"He who shall hurt the little Wren
Shall never be belovd by Men 
He who the Ox to wrath has movd
Shall never be by Woman lovd
The wanton Boy that kills the Fly
Shall feel the Spiders enmity
....
Kill not the Moth nor Butterfly 
For the Last Judgment draweth nigh," Mike.
You just broke my irony meter.
You keep talking nobody cares what you have to say anyway
When you criticize the Fanta Fascist for his lack of civility maybe you can regain a sliver of the high ground you seem to covet.
Oh and #grabembythepussy is quite descent too
You are a hypocrite sir. All I have to do is go to your homepage and read your tweets to know this
#littlerocketman doesn’t sound very descent.  #littlemarco? #CheatinObama?  There were some good people at that neo nazi rally? Descent? Or how bout the fact your boy #trump tweeted about how great his building held up with no mention of the man who died?
hey assclown:
When did basic decency concern you? Daily we read posts that lack decency or civility by you. Perhaps you should take your own advice before u of all people try to lecture anyone else.
You mean the Golden Rule that you violate every day with your perverse ideological harangues on any and everyone who disagrees with yur opinion? We guess the word irony is lost on you.
Governor you know yourself that politics is a blood sport. When you hear the word gentlemen on the senate and house floor makes one cringe to think these politicians are addressed as gentlemen their far from it especially when you use the phrase "basic human decency" don't exist
Governor, with all due respect, save your breath.  The group you mention above have no concept of the Golden Rule.  Alynski Rules, maybe.  Golden Rule?  I don't think so.
I love you Gov. Mike Huckabee~ I been posting for the past few years that people need to live by the Golden Rule. "Do unto others what you want done Unto you"  Stating it this way, gives people something to think about before opening their mouths or acting out their plans.
She is just wonderful!
Agreed the left has gone so low now that they have NO decency and certainly no respect from voters. We will make this known at the polls in November! #VoteDemsOut2018
Sanctimonious liberals are among the meanest and often most foul mouthed people on the planet. That's some"high road" they brag about.
I deleted a princess who posted a naked pick of our First Lady after calling the trumps names and asked her to be respectful but she kept on so I blocked her royal highness. I don’t care who they are but she was plain nasty.
Irony is officially dead... You, of all people talking about ‘basic human decency’ - have you met yourself??! #HYPOCRITE
Give your daughter the first copy!

Won’t do a damn bit of good the #LiberalLooneyLeft is motivated by hate vitriol insanity violence and a deep desire to destroy America our country blessed by God 

Amen !!! They are so full of themselves they can not even see they are the exact thing they fight against. Absolute Bigots!!!
You mean “basic human decency” like cheating on all 3 of your wives, raping one of them, paying hush money to porn stars and playmates, and regarding avoiding the clap while philandering to a personal Vietnam?
You’ve seen her tits too right?
when are going to aquire some of that "HUMAN DECENCY" you creep
Yep #Obama #karma
Are you kidding or trying to be purposefully ironic?
I’m not sure they can read
