Waiting for NJ to join the parade.
I wish Providence, RI would follow!! Our beautiful Ocean State is turning into a sh*thole, (LOL) but it's true, thanks to our horrific @GovRaimondo and Providence Mayor @Jorge_Elorza, they have their own agenda, unneeded truck tolls, not listening to the people @realDonaldTrump

Well now they are trying to ban the Bible. These leaders belong in hospitals with bars on the windows. My family travels a lot. But no California or NYC in our future. No way
Time to rise up against Jerry Brown and his making Bible sales illegal!
Jerry Brown 4 the gallows!
You want to hang the Governor of California?
That’s what it sounded like  the good Christian said 

Does President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize after getting North Korea to shut down their missile tests?
Controversial matters like becoming a sanctuary State should be voted on by the people, not by the legislators.
#FakeChristian
So many things, we need intervention. @realDonaldTrump
You can clearly see how @PressSec Sarah Sanders turned out to be such an asshole
I think the biggest story this year will be the real Democrats get their party back.This revolt against sanctuary  states is good news and I think good for the country.
Now is the time for all good men and women to aid in the healing of our land.Its not about a crooked scheming party plan behind closed doors.Its about opening doors for honesty http://Americans.Run  for office not a crooked partyhelp the President change the swamp .forever! SWN
That is awesome!! 
Thank you Mike!
Love your humor!
Your daughter, Sir, is doing good job.
CC'd @julieblue917 @irmahinojosa_
They want the money
All our hard-work begins to pay off. All of the Liberal 'hard-work' paying off in the 'wrong direction' for them. Inevitable that lies will be exposed.
Yes!!! Revolt!!
Civil unrest caused by Democratic policies... I swear I read a book somewhere that wars started in a similar way... 
We see how both parties are against the President ,while the world bows down to Trump.Shows us we have NO NEED FOR CORRUPT PARTY TALKS.ELIMINATE THE SWAMP BY DESTROYING THE DEMOCRATIC N REPUBLICAN ,SO CALLED PARTIES..CROOKED TAKERS !!ABOLISH ANY PARTY  START A NEW !
Mike you are irrelevant. No one cares about your opinion so why not just enjoy retirement for the rest of your life. Oh by the way I think your daughter will be moving in with you soon.
You sure do bear a lot of false witness for a "man of god" Gov. That god is Satan.
We all know republicans only like immigrants in cases of trophy wives and cheap labor
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nannygate 
Looks like the most dangerous criminals are in the @WhiteHouse and @GOP
No its both corrupt groups. We want honest Americans now..no party politics... No party, we want results .not taxes out of our pockets. Crooked Senators n Congressmen BEWARE TRUMPS IS HERE TO STAY...and your all OVER PAID !!
You.are so kuch like trump
You both are godless..just like trump acting like you are so righteous in Jesus..He Will spew you out OF His mouth..
#MAGA

GOP. The party of identity politics in 2018.
California is busy commemorating the Armenian Genocide  ! Don't bother us Governer,  go to your protestant friends  !
Hey what about your sick demented criminal dog hanging son?
I'd rather live WITH 1000 illegal immigrants than stand 2 feet near your piece of shit, dog hanging son!
You are no better for firing the man that refused to cover up for your criminal son!
Christian Values my ass!
Then bring it to IL, we don’t all want to be a Sanctuary State!
Here is a way they are reaching our students :( grrr
Interesting.
Gorka for CA governor ! 
Some there have common sense maybe they can take back control of the insanity
Now bahla lalalal confused  red  or blue nuclear 
Blue mix  jellybeans
Oh  ms13 law  and  Ms 13  following  ms 13  oh no  income  no  rebate  oh no background
do you have specifics, which is revolting against a city or a county, i bet you will not answer, just playing politics, aren't you?
Common sense? In California?  Good luck
Lovin it!
BS maybe you should do some research? Or admit to your dementia?
Keep spreading that false narrative, Mr. Christian.
Psalm 36:2-5
No. We aren't. Why don't you just worry about your ass backward state and leave the rest of us alone? HYPOCRITE.
Hoorah ! We will take all the blue states that are willing to join us, we will do it with open arms !
"WE'LL REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER". Look out Dems phase two of Trump's America is coming.
Does lying run through your family’s blood?

Gov:  Might also have something to do with the Homeless Tent Camps springing Up all over California.  State starting to look like a third world country.   Out of control.  Socialism in action.  Taxpayers have no rights supporting illegal aliens and people on the dole.  JM.
Hopefully there’s more RedBlooded Backbone in this country than the Liberals could ever know about! Roll Red Tide! Roll! 
The tweet says "Immigrants are bad." 

The picture says "Ask your doctor if your heart is healthy enough for Cialis."

Why?
What world do you Fox News guys live in...you lie so much, it is just a joke now...and your creditable is shot...Rachel Maddow ( MSNBC ) is now the #1 show on cable news...so keep lying... November is coming, and you guys won't be needed.
I don't see the homeless and illegals pouring out of those cities. Guess they didn't get the word to go.
Well, you'd know all about revolting!
Actually the state sanctuary law does not do that!  It only might happen if the federal government does NOT do there job!  Got a problem?  Take it up with Trump!  He’s the one not doing his job. Get him off the golf course and back in the WH!
You might try keeping your nose on your own face instead of up Trumps rearend like your daughter has hers
I sure hope it continues.
Democratic Party is hurtin for money and support. Like clockwork,...here comes the new environment “study” on the fault line and EARTHQUAKES IN SAN FRAN’. (and by “study”, I mean another PELOSI excuse to siphon more money from tax payers to launder to the DNC and their cronies)
Hold those cities, states, and officials liable for the crimes committed by those illegal immigrants they choose to protect.
You probably loved it when Alabama politician tells liberals to butt out of their business... right? #Hypocrisy
Lies lies and more lies. Like father like daughter.
that's what it takes is people standing up and fighting back for their rights!
never understand why the law is not applied 8 U.S. Code § 1324
Hey, you finally said something genuinely funny! Congrats!
MIKE

How do you feel about Murdering Dogs? 

asking for a friend.
California needs Huck to move here and be our Leader Or some GOP instant Star. 

@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @mitchellvii @jasoninthehouse @TGowdySC @IngrahamAngle
You daughter Scare me I had a bad dream Just looking at her face
Well we know that has tons of of criminals we know that your son...You know the one who tortured that dog. Needs to stay out of that state. 

If we are going to worry about criminals you might want to start at home.

#dogkiller
I realize that immigration is a go-to Trumplican trope, but it's not enough to distract from the likelihood that Donald "Your Wife Is Kinda Hot" Trump will embarrass himself at the State visit from the Marcrons.
I wish ALL REPUBLICANS storm the polls & change that blue state to red. California leaders are not only ruining their state, but the rest of our country.  One example:  you no longer have 2 report you're HIV+ when 1) giving blood 2) having sex w/someone.  WHAT ??
Great!!
But if you are White and Privileged... it's like this
Mike Huckabee took to Facebook to express his support for a truly underrepresented constituency: admitted sexual predator reality TV stars—specifically those named Josh Duggar. I guess not dangerous??
Yes !! 
Good job California.  Thanks for waking and fighting for your rights.
A governor how come these states just can't put it on the ballot during the election let the people decide what are they afraid of
Only in your dreams. today award to Huckabee

Let's hope New Jersey joins the assault on America by DemocRATS!
California a red state yeah right Alabama Democrat governor



Thats the only way to fight these Liberal Laws... The ppl who are working and paying taxes to keep these cities, counties, states running are having their say in how things are run.. Good for them...
Amen! Gov.Huck
#TurnCaliforniaRED

Yes we are California has had enough of this.
Says the guy from OK

Great words to live by, but 
first we gotta kill all the radical 
Libs (Henry VI, Shakespeare, sort of) !!
No, you must heal your hatred you have toward anybody. Otherwise you will have no peace. With hatred in our hearts we can justify any and all atrocities.
I thought today was national reading day
LOVE  the Huckabee's
#SDNY
Keep it up, sir!
HEY MIKEY,,,,,, HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT IT ALL ABOUT TO BE OVER FOR ALL THE REPUBLICAN CROOK'S?.....@PressSec @seanhannity
Someone is triggered.  All caps, really 
Perhaps another state forming? Like WV from VA? California split to be CA and ?
Or Antifa...so Antifa gets a pass I guess....or B LM  think the were there protesting too, on the same day.  Why single out one group
ILLEGAL Alien Mexicans IS NOT FairyILLEGALtale Name 'Dreamers' THEY ARE ILLEGAL TRESPASSERS!!! And President @realDonaldTrump & Govnr @GovMikeHuckabee ALWAYS BEEN RIGHT. President Trump should hire Mr Huckabee & re-hire Scaramucci & @SteveKBannon ...
Lol,You have a good idea. They should think over about it.
I can safely say that I have never read a tweet by you that caused me to have a spiritual uprising.
Yeah you red state guys have been on a real streak lately.  All you have left is shills like you pandering to the Trump moronic masses.
State Law CANNOT trump Federal Law!  Throw the California Legislature and their ignorant governor in the Federal slammer until they comply.
Don't look now BUBBA...but your KKK is showing.
Go to hell before that happens in California. There are many cities like mine in California who are setting up refuge cites in our churches and synagogues to protect them fro fascist like you
Too little too late, to bad they didn't start 100 years ago
Come on, Mike.  You know that California will be forever blue!  That's one of the reasons I want to move there.
Vote red red red red



It about time CA gets a brain. None of us can afford to pay for all these illegals. Dems might lose more votes that way. Too bad!
And other red states turn blue
By dangerous, do you mean like Nazis in Georgia?
