That all depends... If she was up all night preparing for something, then it's late, not early.
Except it wasn’t a she, according to Mike Huckleberry
Did you tell him about your dog torturing son? Or about your daughter who lies for a living? You're father of the year material, Mikey!!
If I had to sit next to you that plane might as well land at a rehab center.
Is this the part of "Do unto others" of the Golden Rule that you just tweeted about?
Is it normal for a grown man to continually belittle the same woman over and over, throw innuendos, blame her for everything from the flood to the starch in your shorts? This is more like teenage taunting.
So if said vodka drinker was a HE, why the Hillary GiF?
Mike- that is not normal, but I wouldn't go as far as to say that said morning drinker is probably so deranged that their own offspring would find themselves killing a dog at some point in their life.
It is not normal to raise a son who kills dogs and a daughter whose job it is to tell bald-faced lies for Donald Trump, a man you evangelicals forgive violations of 9 out of 10 Commandments for - and he may yet shoot someone on 5th Avenue, completing the circuit.
Is it normal to still obsess over what a 70 year old retired grandmother who spends her days wandering in the woods is doing?

I would drink if I had to sit next to you. But then again...I would make sure that everybody on the plane knew that a fat has been nazi homophobe racist was on the plane.
Is it normal for a woman to lie for a living? Might want to have a talk with your daughter.
Let's face it...You are not a good human being.   When karma finally catches up with Benedict Donald...you just may be the one chugging vodka.
Unless Lou Dobbs gets to the bottle first.
Pretty sure Lou is already there...maybe he can do another poll to find out for sure 
Lol!
Those jokes where you mock people who've done you no harm, just like Jesus would do? There's not enough vodka to dull the pain.
Way too early unless he never went to sleep the night before
Sitting next to you while you are telling jokes? A lot of people would probably choose hemlock over vodka.

Your best joke is your daughter.
Demon-daughter of Arkansas ass-KKKlown - SPICERY-Sarah #Huckabee Sanders was a chippy, callous fuck off-the-ol’ Huck. She sullenly sold The Regimes petulant propaganda in her pugilistic palace-press-poundings…

Your best jokes? so you told him about your political career?
Flights can be nerve wrecking for many lol. I know that I am the guy who goes silent and palms sweat during takeoff and landing. I don't drink on flights though.

Yes. It is normal.

They were FAKE JOKES!
Ask Lou Dobbs. He’ll know.
Is it your place to judge. Check yourself and your daughter you're both everything ungodly.
So this is how you are without alcohol?!?
Don’t take this wrong but I don’t want to hear jokes at 6am, I just want to go back to sleep!


Much better than to be lie and corrupted  with not education experience and knowledge  !!!!
no more abnormal than having a daughter who lies for a living.
@scaredamucci Shouldn’t talk about Hillary’s parents like that, you don’t know how they tried to bring her up
Jimbo - the info you need is on the inside of some matchbook covers.
Sounds like an alcoholic...a real one. How she copes with a cheating husband perhaps.
You fell for the gif.  Tweet says “he”.   Read much?
I noticed...thought  dear old Huckabee made a typo. I read daily, but not that fond of it. Suck the salami much?
I saw a guy once suck the salami.
I'm sure you did, Soy Boy, and you liked it so much it became a habit.
Huckabee Sounds like a sausageholic! A real one.... How he copes with a kid who kills dogs perhaps.
I disagree...he seems like a pretty good guy.
Yeah it wasn't your jokes Mikey.
Truthful or Dishonest Jokes?
What's not normal? Claiming you're a governor when you're not. That's not how it's done in the U.S.. You're elected by citizens, go to work for those citizens, and when you leave office, you're nothing more than just a citizen again. So edit that profile and stop being silly!
Tell Hillary & *OBama that! I agree!
It's OK to have stuff in your profile like BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION! Mike wants to have that in his profile, NBD.
But in every tweet from Mike Huckabee it says "Gov. Mike Huckabee". And no reason for it. You can change your username on twitter any time. Even your account ID.
Yeah, presidents are always presidents. Civics 101
Has your family chosen the sacrificial puppy for your Memorial Day get-together yet?
Is it normal for your entire family to drink gravy?
That all you got Huck? Slander? Jesus is sooooo proud!
Yes if you are afraid of flying.
You are not funny...at all...ever. Just cringey.
Speaking for all your followers, the cloud is atwitter with lol.
If I was sitting next to you I’d have to pound the vodka & I can’t stand the stuff
Is it normal for a nation's leader to have his enemy surrounded, be negotiating a surrender, have everything working great, to then GAS a bunch of kids so the US would bomb him? NO.  Didn't happen, either
I guess you’ve never known someone who works third shift. Why doesn’t that surprise me?
Those are called Bloody Marys and it is breakfast.
Huckabee Hillary also sniff hot sauce 
“.....my best jokes.” There’s your explanation.
Your daughter would know, heard she is a mean drunk.
Grow up. You act childish like Trump.
You don't need alcohol....you are so weird and nasty....i can't imagine what you would be like with it.....maybe try religion....that could help you!
Maybe a Mimosa for Sunday brunch, but 6:00 AM is strong black coffee territory.

Yeah. Sitting by you.
I’m not a big drinker either but if I sat beside you on a plane I’d be Amy fucking Winehouse.
It’s none of your damn business.
definitely because he had to sit by you. Sounds like they weren't breaking the law-not as thought they were abusing a dog or anything
Go away
#dadjokes
Wtf with the Hillary meme. You POS.  I’d drink sitting next your racist a** too
depends on whether it's a work day or not.
i always start drinking later on my days off ;)
Are you referring to Hilary.
What about killing dogs? Is that normal?
If I ever get the chance to meet you Gov Huckabee I promise I won't be drinking.
Some Christian you are. Sick and depraved, yes.
That explains it all.
A person who says they are not a drinker is a liar. The way mikey tweets is definitely drunk tweeting.
The amount of bullshit that comes out of your household (including the press secretary) shouldn't let you sleep peacefully at night without alcohol. Are you sure you don't drink. That's pretty unbelievable
More normal than pounding puppies like your son.
Alcoholic!  See Proverbs 20 on that.  Drunkenness is highly forbidden in the Bible~~~KJV is Best~
5:00 Somewhere!
I'm  sure he ruined your appetite too!
It’s not normal. Maybe the person knew you.
Douche
Did you tell him the ones about collusion and porn stars???
It's 5 o'clock somewhere, Gov!

There isn’t enough vodka to sit beside Hillary!!!
Lol!Hiccup!
That’s WHY he was drinking! He was sitting by you and you were telling him YOUR “best” jokes!!!
Oh, you are so right. Huck's jokes are like poetry read by the Captain of the Vogon Destructor fleet.
Do they make you buy two seats?
If I had to sit next to you, I would drink lots
You stupid piece of crap Huckabee. So full of hate.
FACT: Hillary Clinton’s lawyer’s office was not raided today.
It’s 5 o’clock somewhere.
There is no time when flying, so morning drinking is completely acceptable. And with the way airlines treat you these days, I NEED that drink sometimes. But pounding drinks is never appropriate.
Why people follow you just to denigrate everything you say is beyond me. I don't follow people I don't like, but then I'm not a paid Soros troll.
Worse yet, a school employee consuming alcohol & driving on school property on multiple occasions while supervising minor students & @browardschools & Principal @ Pompano Beach HS refuse to interview witnesses! SeeSomethingSaySomething @FLGovScott @BetsyDeVosED @rbartleman

Yes, and definitely.
she should be on a no fly list. ever wonder why arkansas told them not to move back there ?
It was most likely the snare drum and cymbal. Taa dat ching 
So, Huckabee,

Why do you have a picture of Hillary Clinton beneath the story you told of a man on an airplane drinking alcoholic beverages at 6 a.m.?
Is it normal to raise your children to be pathological liars and dog killers?
He probably was suffering from PTSD after watching a White House briefing!
Judge much?
Narcissist
Maybe it wasn't 6am for that person. Maybe they work 3rd shift so they have been up a while
Aren't we being judgmental. Well, if 45 were doing it, you'd have nothing but high praise.
Buwahahaha! Lol! If it was Bill Clinton next to you, then it's not your jokes. Its the joker he's married to!  Lol! Roflmbo!

Because she is, and she’s proud of it.
I'd rather drink myself into a coma than listen to you tell one more of these awful punchline-less "jokes".
For some it's 5 o'clock somewhere.
If he had to sit by you and listen to your jokes, yes, chugging vodka or, say, blowing one's brains out is completely normal.
I have to say that man must be extremely polite.  Trying to avoid telling you that  your daughter is one of the most vile people on the planet so he has to  pound down as many drinks as he can and hope to pass out.
Instead of worrying about Hillary Clinton, why don't you worry about your lying daughter. Where'd she learn to lie with such a straight face?
@HillaryClinton It must be bc he didn't want you to say anything! He knows every word out of your mouth is a Lie! He knows you Conspired to Steal the 2016 Presidential Election with the DNC, DOJ, and the FBI, etc! So Nobody in America likes you, who has an Ounce of Sense/Dignity!

Hillary : “What difference does it make”. She lives a delusion  .. everybody needs to see justice on these criminals  they dont look guilty anymore  they need to be charged  Liberal still believe shes inocent. Everyone does except us few..
There's a reason for that.
Alcoholic or fear of flying?
He needed to altered the gruesome reality of been sitting by a vermin like you!!
You should love everyone; this was very unkind and not necessary. I will pray for you.
Mind ya business
Gov., it is called “the hair of the dog.”  If you are an alcoholic you have to have a drink first thing to be able to function. Alcohol is a demanding taskmaster.
HUCHY, YOUR A JOKE
Here's the problem, slapdick. When you're not funny and try to pretend that you are, you're gonna drive everyone around you to drink. Regardless of the hour of day.
Being a Huckabee means you are abnormal.  I feel so sorry for the guy sitting beside you. Hopefully he won't commit suicide after you damaged his brain with your voice and verbal diarrhea.
Shame on you for being so unkind.
Shame on you for being so gullible.
You have no idea what time zone that passenger's body clock is adjusted for.
It’s always 5 o’clock somewhere! 
That’s right hucky boy it’s b/c of the preacher jokes.

Finally a tweet of yours I found slightly humorous and you had to ruin it by adding a Hillary gif for no reason, making a non-political tweet needlessly political.
I thought that too.  It would be purely funny if not for past venom.
Maybe he's afraid to fly
If I had to sit by you I'd be chunking back the liquor too
I like to have sex every morning#backpage
Did you do your abortion stuff?

I would love to sit next to you on a plane! You are very witty and I would think I would be quite entertained! Lol Maybe he just doesn't feel comfortable flying. 

ROTFLMAO. You liberals, can't you come up with some new material?
Like the saying goes....When God was handing out brains, you thought he said 'trains' and took one!
You are so vile. A minister? SURE.
I wish you were my best friend!  Have always enjoyed you, and now your daughter! Thanks to you both for speaking my speak, showcasing my common sense, and channeling my sense of humor! 
Signed,
A democrat whose party left them to go too far left. 
Perfectly normal, Gov.
Some people have significant fear of flying and use alcohol as a coping mechanism. I’m hoping you ruled this out prior to posting?
It’s 5 o’clock somewhere
Did he work third shift?
Fake news.

Maybe you should consider drinking then you might see what a not funny lying hypocrite you are. #BlueWave
John Wayne in front of a judge, I have not a drink since Breakfast. It is five o’clock somewhere. I might have one thinking about this, Syria  gas deal. This could really light Assad up. I think his palace gets targeted. Geronimo, was yelled after UBL met his Waterloo.

Don’t be too quick to judge. Spent 16 years on 3rd shift. Not everyone has the same schedule. Just saying.
Your daughter is lovely
I would have voted for you
You are handsome
OK THAT WAS YOUR BUTTERUP! NAME please!  ;)
Nothing normal about Hillary.  She acted shocked & offended when Candidate Trump said he might not immediately accept the election results if she won.  She has spent over a year blaming, everything except the kitchen sink for her loss.  The alcohol keeps her in a drunken stupor.
Well. Gotta say. A Bloody Mary or mimosa might help w flight nerves. Sooo there’s that
That gif
That’ll do it
Maybe he was still drinking from the night before.
Ha ha!!
I've heard some of your best jokes......I would have been drinking too. 
amazing the responses this tweet caused. Evidently they believe being plastered at 6 am is a pre qual for liberal leadership. Seems accurate
Probably smelled the possum on your breath.
Only if you work midnight shift..otherwise it's just alcoholism. No responsible daylight dweller drinks alcohol before the work is done, unless you live in Germany. The herms have a beer at break and another at lunch.
Luv your humor Mr. Huckabee, too funny.
Well that says an awful lot about you!
Don't judge another man's habits as long as he is not affecting those around him in a negative way. You don't know, the man may of been sober for months and just wanted to get drunk.
she should be in jail

For Play alcoholic it sure is.
Maybe it was knowing you supprt this guy.
He was drinking BECAUSE of what you thought were jokes.
LOL, you are too funny Governor! I would LOVE to sit next to you...and I wouldn't be drinking either!
Knowing what time of the day is a good time to drink... probably is the ONLY thing @HillaryClinton can give an honest answer about.
I wish you were the governor of Missouri! Absolutely love you and your family! God Bless!
You just figured that 1 out on you're on SIR,
MAGA
If his name is Mike tell him I said get back to work...
There should be a no diving sign at the Huckabee gene pool. #BlueWave
Freedom.
You have Keith Richards as your profile pic. You were saying something about an old, wrinkly witch-face melting...? Do go on...

I was taught if you can’t say something good about someone don’t say anything at all your a fake
@mrossconres good to know you watch no news, no late night, no liberal shows and follow few conservatives and no liberals with that mindset...or you use this comment a few million times a day??
Maybe it was more like this
I’ve had enough. I’m a 35 y/o woman trying to make a living. But Trump just fucked me over. I’m not voting for him again. Why can’t I have sex with whoever I want. This is not a free country. I’m a slave to trump. Not these men who pay all my bills. #mybodymyright
So you R a 35 year old hooker who obtains clients over internet that previously voted 4 Trump. but now you are not going to vote for him again because he is stopping you from having sex with whoever you want. Wow that is weird please explain because I personally think it’s lies
Do you want my phone number
Is it normal for a self righteous dickflop to call himself a governor after he hasn’t been one in over a decade?
Shift workers 6am comes at a different part of your day.
