Saw her on your show and was BLOWN away! Downloaded her song and then proceeded to share that segment with family and friends. They ALSO were blown away.  So blessed! Thanks Mike. Love your show! Oh and we are living in Central CA. So many Snowflakes to deal with. :(
Woohoo!!!Amazing song! @jodeemessina
Mike...our daughter is going through an unbelievable test right now. Taped your program and saw this segment. Cried my eyes out and forwarded Jo Dee’s song to our daughter. Downloaded it immediately. Blessed my husband and daughter beyond what we can express. God is good!!!
I loved the new Jo Dee Messina song that she launched on your show last night Governor.  One of her best.  Thank you!
Great song!
I did, thank you for putting that out there. That was and in lightning song beautifully song truly inspiring. Thank you, and God bless
So glad that she survived the treatments of cancer and that she’s back with us loving what she does
Definitely needed this today! Thank God ... He is bigger than all this!
Praise the Lord, beautiful.
Love this song!
Watched and loved it! Love your show
Amen and Amen!!
Speaking souls, don't you wish you had one
Like Jo Dee GOD came into my person at a time when I was wondering if anyone cared, found out that GOD doesn't let You down when You need him the MOST. Beautiful song that embodies all of my beliefs. Thanks Gov.
She killed it. Totally fell in love with her song
You have a show? Really? No seriously, really?
Yes....he has a ‘show’ and it is incredible. Watch and be inspired.

 it 
Powerful. Thank you for sharing.

Powerful glorious and right on for me. She gave the altar call you should have given. But typical Baptist pastor you think take up an offering. Lol
Outstanding!!!! You all must 
LISTEN/watch--great song!
Believe in The Benefactor and receive a reward of sufficient cash value that you too can afford Auto-Tune. The Benefactor is not an Iron Age myth. No blood sacrifice is needed to redeem your reward.
Been going through some troubles with my son and have been questioning my prayers lately, thanks for sharing it helped me take a step back and realize that #mygodisbiggerthanthis #faith
Thank you , inspirational 
Fantastic!
Great song and performance...so powerful.
Sad to see our Pres has to send troops to border cause our congress can’t get its act together.
WOW. I love this song!!!
Send money above all else
Love that song! Will be adding it to my playlist!
Wow!  That was amazing..(tears)...
This is a great song!  He is, indeed, bigger than all of this!we are blessed with his love!
Need spring to stay here in NC..we are back in the cold.
Bring money
Governor. She was wonderful & loved the song. Tx & blessings.
+OUR+ God is bigger than this... +BeBlessed+ :-)
Amazing. Love it
AWESOME!
Listened and Shared.. AWESOME
Wonderful! I’m so happy she is in Christ! I’ll go listen to the song! 
Me. I needed this! My God IS bigger than what I'm dealing with; it's bigger than me, & seems unending & unfixable.  I can't tell you how much I needed this reminder. Thank you.

#GodIsFaithful
#MyGodIsBiggerThanThis
That song is amazing and her voice is perfection! I remember seeing her come onto the country music scene years ago & have wondered what happened to her. So glad to know she is doing well now & that she found Jesus! Very uplifting!
My God is bigger than this, beautiful song. Thank you for sharing.
Yes.. I needed that... Brought tears to my eyes..and hope to my heart.. Thank you and God bless you..
Great song!
What a great song!! God has surely blessed her!!
Beautiful! Thank you...
POWERFUL. 
Is there a “heart” button that will allow you to hit for love love love to infinity!  Goosebumps and chills along with tears!!
She's one of my favorites, thank you!!
Watched last night and will again tonight!!
Thanks for sharing 
Wow!!!   What a way to start my Sunday morning indeed.
This is wonderful. So glad you shared Mr. Huckabee. And the cool thing is, clips of your show KEEP PLAYING after Jo Dee is over. I have been meaning to tune in and keep missing out. Consider me a "follow". Many thanks for all you do.
Wow! Mind blowing...yes, our God is bigger than this.
Beautiful and soul touching. Made me want to shout. Our God IS bigger than this. Our God is greater. What a song of truth. 
Thank you!  So uplifting!
My favorite politicians are the obese, "Christian" frauds who lack a sense of irony. Thoughts?

Wow!!!! So amazing.
It was awesome
Love it!! Powerful song!! Ty for sharing
Powerful song! Loved it:)
Wow that song was incredible.
Great show last night on TBN Gov Huckabee, as always i enjoyed it!
Whoa! Fantastic song! Right on time!
Thanks @GovMikeHuckabee THANKS Preacher remember those days as a pastor of LOCAL church & congregation in the south - the PREACHER Helped many a ppl as shoukd be & us "country" folks we depart saying "thanks preacher"  I am Pentecostal TO BOOT  @realDonaldTrump @PressSec
Amazing!
Awesome song!
Amen
Governor Huckabee...
If you're ever looking for an interesting guest with a prety amazing story, may I suggest this guy: https://www.amazon.com/Nowhere-Lay-My-Head-Homeless/dp/1545161224/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1523063334&sr=8-1&keywords=nowhere+to+lay+my+head …
(Yeah, it's me, but I have no publicist and have to try anything at least once)
"pretty" amazing story. Sheesh. Still getting used to this keyboard
Thank you Governor. If that doesn’t stir you inside nothing will!!!
My bowels are quite stirred.
Yes, I needed this. Thank you.

Ignorant
Shouldn't you be downing 15 pancakes and a huge bowl of gravy and about 1 1/2 lbs of bacon  all washing it down with a cold Schiltz Beer

Is it this easy to get your own show? I'd rather watch a show critiquing the tone of bathtub farts than this crap...
Thank you Governor
