Except it's not an ape it's a monkey. 
No they are not the same thing.
#NotAScienceMajor
I heard they also gave dinosaurs the same protection so you are all set!!
I LOVE Y'ALL
How many apes were on the three judge panel of the ninth Circuit Mike! Three!
Someday you'll realize that God's Spirit lives within all of God's creatures, man and animal alike. I mean, obviously that day isn't today, but someday... you know... maybe we'll get lucky.
Looks like the candy man is with mikey.
They let the orange buffoon be president!
Testing the limits of the Scopes Monkey Trial?
LOL - just one more example of the great “country” of CA!
Thought this case was won in favor of the human that @PETA persecutes & treats worse than slugs.
and yes it was the real 9th
We are talking about enlightened California hub of our American culture

We really need to study the water in CA. There just has to be something in it that makes normal people lose all common sense & their touch with reality. National health crisis IMO.
Is this ruling in regards with every status or is it applied just to undocumented apes?
Oh boy, did I misread that. Thought it said an ape was standing in as a judge... and figured that explains many of that Court’s recent rulings. 
What the!!!!!!!
You can sue ! Congratulations!
You criticize Brits when you allow this into a court room  take a look in your own back yard.
Strange who some people identify with.
Fact: apes can use sign language, craft simple tools, and tweet more intelligently than @govmikehuckabee (who seems stuck in poop-flinging mode).
So they can talk to apes now?
LOL
Judges protecting their own, nepotism at it's best. unborn child has no defender.

Koko sue!
Doesn’t bolster confidence in Federal Court Judges in the least bit! Do these people have to pass mental evaluations? I’m thinking it would be a good idea to do a psych evaluation every 6 months.
Why don't you just do a little fact checking?  No Court in this Country, 9th Circuit or otherwise, has ever ruled that an ape has standing to bring a lawsuit.
Sounds like you need a safe space and a therapy puppy.
When I thought they couldn’t get any crazier.
Leave it the 9th circuit court to make fools of themselves
Leave it to Republicans to believe every cockamamy story to come down the pike.
Would my Labrador qualify? He’s so smart!
???
I love all animals but they should probably stay out of court.  Can an ape choose a good lawyer?
Probably a Liberal Ape.  Could have been Mad Max in costume:)
Sad
And the Three Judges were Donkeys right, Gov! Ha!
Nope, the Gov. is bringing you Fake News.  No Court has ever ruled that an ape has standing to bring a lawsuit.
You sound surprised. You’re an ape and you were Governor once.
We need to see a film of this.....can you help ?
He is probably a lot smarter than Mad Maxine Waters.
So what did you file?
You're getting into some MONKEY BUSINESS!
the Ninth Circuit Court makes a MOCKERY OF “justice” AND ALL JUDGES SHOULD BE APPALLED! What one Judge does, reflects on ALL Judges! And it looks like the Justice Department needs an overhaul! There should be equal justice and it shouldn’t MATTER where you live!
FAKE NEWS!!! In REALITY the 9th Circuit decided unanimously that animals may not sue for copyright protection. 

But for God’s sake don’t let actual FACTS get in the way of your FAKE NEWS NARRATIVE.

Don’t you have anything better to do? Like discuss your daughter’s daily LIES?
Is this  unbelievable or what?  No wonder we've got that ignoramus in the White House.
They are crazy in the 9th!

I would trust the judgement of three apes over almost anything that comes out of that 9th Circuit.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU
Things are going too far!!!
Does your lying daughter know you call potus an ape? #LyingHuckabees
Insane People with Power & Authority can do real harm to the Nation. At some point AG Jeff Sessions needs to acquire a back bone, and man up to the challenges; or tuck his tail between his legs and step down.
Can you help save little Alfie pls ? Pls 
Maybe they think the movie was real.
California....understood.
Monkey judge ..... monkey see monkey doo
SMH!
This is really good stuff: Finally Apes will be recognized as genuine civil litigants, maybe next a run for United States of America President!
Might be a step up.
http://www.nti.org/about/board-and-advisors/ …
Gov Gerry Brown is behind destabilization of Middle East. Gerry Brown, Buffett, CNN, On the board of NTI Board Of Advisors!
Lost their minds
IT'S OVER FOR YOUR DAUGHTER............BOB MUELLER!,,,@realDonaldTrump
Grape ape?
.@GovMikeHuckabee These people are daft, actually brain dead. Could the makers of the #PlanetoftheApes movie have been prescient? 
I suggest the 9th Circuit judges take the no cost online course, US Constitution 101, through Hillsdale College.
Proving again, that California is a nice place to visit, but I sure don't want to live there.
Sounds like a Trumped up story to me. MAGA drain the swamp.
Yeah it's time to shut that circuit down.
But Huckabee did.

A federal appeals court has ruled that a monkey has no standing under the U.S. Copyright Act to assert copyright in selfie photos.

Just goes to show ya, an ape could be a 9th district court judge!!!!
are you monkeying around with us??
Sick world we live in
Just a bunch of lawyers tring to get rich.  How do they know what its thinking or feeling.   Get off the weed Californians.
That should be adequate justification to replace the 9th Circuit Court!!!
I guess this is proof some of us actually did descend from monkeys. I suggest these guys should stay away from 23 and me.
Hahahaha !
After all we know the 9th Circuit as the 9th Circus Court of Appeals!
They're just covering their own baboon (or is it bafoon) asses in case they need to file suit for theft of their banana stockpiles. The left wants to make USA a banana republic.
Oh, we're there.
Not surprised

Why are you suing?
Are you sure it wasn’t just Harvey Weinstein?
The three judges must be apes !
#GovMikeHuckabee it goes to show that the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has truly gone bananas! That may be why they have to make a peel because the entire court in San Francisco has gone ape!
It just goes to show that Trump's base believes everything that comes down the pike.

http://claycord.com/2018/04/23/sf-appeals-court-says-monkey-cant-sue-for-copyright-to-selfie-photos/ …
#SaintlyCitySue #GovMikeHuckabee the point was - for the subject to even be a court case was ridiculous
The Federal District Courts and Courts of Appeal must hear the cases which are brought before them.  Both the District Court and the Appeals Court ruled that an ape does not have legal standing to sue. So how has the COURT "gone ape"?
#SaintlyCitySue #GovMikeHuckabee I understand what you're saying and what I was trying to state, it's a ridiculous waste of taxpayer dollars for something this ludicrous to even be brought to court!
And my point is that Gov. Huckabee is either misinformed or lying about the decision reached by the Court, as it was exactly the opposite.  Couldn't possibly be because this is the 9th Circuit, could it?
you cant make this shit up 
But Huckabee did!!!             And you fell for it!!!    

Wth does this comment have to do with Gov. Huckabee's tweet? NOTHING. Classless attack, Mary.
#TrumpMovement
Well it is San Francisco
You had me at San Francisco.
You had me at Fact Check
Monkey see   Monkey do , monkey hear , monkey say . That’s the slogan of democrat  CNN Watchers . MAGA 
Monkey see.  Monkey buys it.  Monkey no fact-check.  Mantra of the Trumptoids. 
Well I might see KOKO the gorilla but thats pushing it!
That ape is a hell of a lot smarter than your average Trump supporter.
The more ludicrous the claim, the more likely a Trumpster will believe it.
Was the court, a real court or a kangaroo court? I heard it was the 9th circuit again.
Nope.  Just more Right Wing Fake News.

http://claycord.com/2018/04/23/sf-appeals-court-says-monkey-cant-sue-for-copyright-to-selfie-photos/ …
Liberals recognize an ape with standing but not an unborn human child???
Liberals recognize   when they see it.
Liberals voted for Obama twice which undermines your argument. Zero accomplishments or experience but he was a black man!!
Not only inaccurate but totally irrelevant.  But as a sidebar, President Obama was far more qualified for the presidency than the Orange man.
Yeah community organizer who got one job Center built. Impressive  “Orange” a disparaging reference to Trump’s skin color? Skin color seems to matter a lot with liberals.
Following his 1983 graduation from Columbia University with a baccalaureate in Political Science and International Relations, Barack Obama worked for about a year at the Business International Corporation, where he was a financial researcher and writer.
Obama returned to Chicago and was hired as director of the Developing Communities Project on Chicago's south side, where he helped set up a job training program, a college preparatory tutoring program, and a tenants' rights organization in Altgeld Gardens.
Obama entered Harvard Law School in the fall of 1988, where he was selected as an editor of the Harvard Law Review at the end of his first year, president of the journal in his second year, and research assistant to the constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe for two years.
Did he ape file or were the judges the apes?
Why not— only a matter of time when the distinction between man and animal became blurred too.
Agreed.
Wait’ll they ask for reparations for being held n zoos...
Huck, B4 this country goes2 HELL N a HAND BASKET, I'll B burnt 2a crisp N a crematory & my ashes B flung 2the 7seas. I can't stand 4this country 2die the slow agonizing death that the Communist Socialist Liberals R trying 2 impose upon it. Because of that, I'll live 2 spite them!
What was its name, Nancy or Maxine?
The mental equivalent to yourself, Mr Huckleberry.
The 9th circus strikes again
Republican stupidity strikes again!
They most certainly did not.  A panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the federal Copyright Act doesn’t authorize animals to sue for the rights to intellectual property.

http://claycord.com/2018/04/23/sf-appeals-court-says-monkey-cant-sue-for-copyright-to-selfie-photos/ …
PLEASE tell me you are joking.....
Or lying ....

http://claycord.com/2018/04/23/sf-appeals-court-says-monkey-cant-sue-for-copyright-to-selfie-photos/ …
Seriously!!!??
It figures!!
And yet another reason to assign more conservative judges to this inane  circuit.....
Why?  Because Conservatives are too lazy to fact check?

http://claycord.com/2018/04/23/sf-appeals-court-says-monkey-cant-sue-for-copyright-to-selfie-photos/ …

Time to retire those idiots

smh
Well the president is about to have the ability to replace many of those judges. Let's get some common sense on the west coast finally
Please stop spreading rumors about yourself!
#FakeMAGA
#MAGA
#TrumpLies
#GOPBS
#GOPLies
#GOPTraitors
#NRALies
#NRABS
#NRATerrorists
#BoycottSinclairAdverts 
#BoycottSinclair
#FireHannity
#TheResistance 
#FoxNews 
#FOXVIEWSNOTMYNEWS
Not nice to refer to Maxine as an ape! She works very hard to have some human traits despite that screeching angry noise.
Oh! Not Maxine? Sorry.
Oh, by all means, throw in your racist Republican   while you're at it.  Trump supporters love them some hatred and bigotry.
Lord love a duck!!
9th circus monkey business as usual
about time.
Governor, no surprise coming from the 9th Circuit....
Didn't come from the 9th Circuit - it's fake news.  
Then I guess that includes all the Congressional Democrats from CA!
You mean like Devin Nunes? California's 22nd congressional district since 2003
I guess every living being is granted constitutional rights in Calif
STUPID IS STRONG IN THAT COURT #APESELFIES
playing all around for peace 
Sadly-not in the least surprised.
Hopefully there will be grounds for a banana appeal.
Evolution taking hold.  Plus the ape took the photos, he should own the rights!
The photographer actually accepted a settlement??  I would have told PETA to "Suck it, Trebek!"
Does attaching your photo to your tweets constitute self-idolatry? Or just self-abuse?
Quit being an ass
I will if you quit being the 27th Thornton.
Not a chance Eeyore guess that settles that!
San Francisco is a zoo
For a minute there, I thought you were going to name names.
Naruto, a macaque monkey.  

Were the judges...human?

There should be a reset button for CA and the  9th circuit.
Delete button
shame that dog couldn't file suit
Fake News.
9th Circus
Fake News.
