They key words here are came legally
Isn't that one of the sh*t hole counties
And I know a really smart guy from Portugal.
Cool story bro
Immigration as it was intended. Likewise my mother came over by herself in 1949 went work in a sweatshop by day, took English’s by night, and became citizen as soon as she was eligible.  No govt assistance, ever.
That’s the way it should be done! The LEGAL way! Stop the caravan!
Thank you!!
IT'S BAD MIKE,,,,YOU BETTER GET YOUR DAUGHTER OUT OF  THE @WhiteHouse  OR SHE'S GOING TO PRISON! @GOP @realDonaldTrump
Was he a Muslim?  They find it difficult to assimilate.
Praise the Lord!!!  Amen, Amen, Amen!!!
THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF THE WAY LEGAL IMMIGRATION WORKS
Yes legal!  Question: why NOT a class action suit by pending USCitizen s who filed proper application w proper medical certif against the US govt for permitting illegals to enter the country w o proper documentation ahead of them....
As it should be. We love these types of immigrants.
What about the rest of them?
This is how immigrants are supposed to be!  How my ancestors and your ancestors thought, felt, and acted!
Thank you Governor Cuckabee, for replacing the population of our ancestors with completely different people.
Ok, now say something nice about white people. Can’t do it can you?
*Somali
Oh, well let them all in then.
Great story. Thanks for sharing!
Yes my friends who are foreign bless us daily for having them.
OMG!!! This makes you not racist. Way to go, Tiger!!
1991 was a different time, gov.
#America4Sale, #EndIranNuclearDeal, #IranDeal, #U1 
#TheRainMakers, #QAnon .@POTUS 
#IranProtests
That driver will continue to drive in the #CABFund system. Many won't clear the parameters of the written #AffirmativeActionPlan though....
Governor thank you for sharing an important and inspirational story. This country and the people- enable all people a chance to live fully. It isn’t always easy but it is always rewarding on many levels. God bless the gentleman and his family- Together we are so much stronger.
And that’s what legal immigration looks like. He & family has better life & our country is better for it.
Our family loves your sweet daughter and her beautiful Christian spirit. Maranatha! “behold The Lord comes quickly in the heavens”.
As do the DACA kids
That’s wonderful , thanks .
Hey Guuuuuuuuuuuuv! Seems someone differs with you
So because you knew one hardworking Somalian that means Americans shouldn't worry about being flooded with Somalians?

Got you
He has been here since 1991 and is still a Somalian immigrant and not an American. The American dream is for Americans and those who want to be Americansl And that is just what he told you.
And yet, you didn't even know he existed until you were accidentally thrown into his orbit by fate. How much "better" do Somalis make America than Brits, or Germans, or Swedes, or Italians, or Spaniards? Is it all the same to you? Are we all equally important? #cuck
Come legal or not at all
And you will make sure he never gets healthcare!
Woot woot Minnesota! My home state!
Operative word "legally" he had respect for our country & laws & did it the right way. God bless him & his family. Unlike the Caravan asylum seekers waving flags of their home country, sitting on top of the fences totally disrespecting our country & our laws.
Your point was he came "legally"? Funny, hardly any of my relatives came here "legally"from Germany, Poland and Ireland in the 1800's and I'm pretty sure they didn't register as "aliens". They built America. JUST LIKE THE MAJORITY OF TODAY'S IMMIGRANTS. "Legal" or not.
Love this

Come in legally it's GREAT.
Amen!!!!
You got lucky govenor. There are 10 others for everyone like him that are not as peistine. Been there many times and seen them. He was probably "resettled'. Keep you guard up
#MicheleWolfNailedIt #sanderslies #TrumpIsAnIdiot #TrumpIsBroke #TrumpRussiaCollusion
One man makes up for thousands or more being criminals and hating the country, what a big brain take on immigration policy.

Welcome to Myrtle Beach 
Yeah because every one of them is a law abiding little angel.
#LEGALimmigration
And you people want to ban his ilk from coming in the first place! WWJD?
If his little brother is undocumented, should we deport him?
That’s how it’s done
We love legal immigrants. Bless him and his family.
Exactly how it should be!
Illegals could learn from this man.
Traitor.
That's the way it's done!
That’s the way they all need to come here 
If they are coming to change America to their home country.....stay away
Anomaly!
This is how it should be done! Work hard to be here! This country is worth it!
Gov.  I praise your comments from the correspondence failure the other night.  I think the comedic was was very disrespectful of female Whitehouse staff and the dinner should forever be cancelled.
Isn't it amazing what one can accomplish when done legally. Thanks!
This is the kind of people we want. Hardworking and appreciative.
Unfortunately, the Somali Muslims have NOT assimilated like this one example
Not commenting on background only appreciation and hardwork
Until one of your loved ones is hurt by one of those “hard working” Muslims.  They’re being brought here for cheap labor and it’s NOT a good thing when they become disillusioned.  The left will always put the blame anywhere but where it belongs. #NoMuslimDoctorForMe #taquiya
Sorry for your loss.
So not all Somalians are bad correct?
That's the kind of immigrants this or any other country needs!!
In 1991 he would've likely been a refugee... Why are you supporting an agenda that's trying to stop future stories of coast American triumphs?
To bad there is not more with that attitude!
Founding Fathers did not fight & die to give Somalis a nice life.  Send them back!
Many of the Somalis in Minnesota believe in Sharia law
And many of the whack jobs in Iowa believe in a Christian theocracy ... neither are happening, so what’s the point besides trying to fan the flames of hatred?
As it should be!

No, it’s not working.

What a Great uplifting story!! Thank you.
Natives (you know the rightful owners of the whole American continent) don’t agree. Wants their land back. At the very least, not get even MORE colonised.
Trump would send that man back in a heartbeat and you know it.
So would I.
The key is legally.
He came legally, the family went through the process of thorough checks through the correct channels and was granted right of stay.

There is a MASSIVE difference.
That's a beautiful American story. More of that!
Outliers make poor examples. Either you're pandering or you actually didn't know that. Fix it.
I had an Uber from Liberia this past Saturday. He is a college student and wants to go back to challenge corruption. 
But.... because he LOVES the American dream, he may not vote Democrat!

Liberals want illegal immigration because they are more likely to believe “America Bad - But @DNC who is anti America, is Good!”

And then they are sent to the polls to vote illegally & repeatedly!
Here. Seems you need this.
Did u tip?
BUT Mr. Huckabee IS he a US citizen? IF not you have to ask, why? IF you love this country so much, why not become a part of it, like our ancestors did.
Do you know for a fact you ancestors walked right up and became citizens right away? Otherwise you might want to check immigration history. Lots of illegal immigration from everywhere and many without papers. Probably your great great grandparents were undocumented.
All people appreciate what they work for versus what their handed. Its called Pride! Make them work for it and America will again be appreciated.
Goodness, how inhumane many responses are. Remember, but for the grace of God, you yourself would have been born in Somalia.
I love success stories of immigrants coming to our country the legal way and making a better life for themselves.  Perhaps because he went through the process to do it legally is what helps immigrants “love” our country. The illegals who snuck in and fly their countries flags 
So what mikey.
Good for him and his family and may God bless his son for serving our country.
Great story done legally. The way it should ALWAYS be.
And that’s how it should be done.
Key word LEGALLY 
When will sarah stop lying she is becoming a country wide joke it’s sad
*Somali immigrant
I bet his son never killed a stray dog!
“His son is in Marines”.... Mike, I got a bridge for sale... you wanna buy it?
Somalis are on average, more criminal and less intelligent than real Americans.  If you're for 3rd world immigration at any level, then you are harming our country. 

 People make the country, not the dirt. Bring in Somalis, and you turn into Somalia.
Lol, Americans are the most unintelligent and incomeptent race ever. Yes you're your own race because you guys are a special breed. Very stupid yet very fat.

Irrelevant because the Somalis in America are very minimal. And we dont group ourselves with African Americans or other blacks.
It doesn't matter how you group yourselves, you're still black.
 Somalis are black eh?
So?  Somalia's average IQ is 68.  One drop of our dna doesn't mean you're not fundamentally the same as the rest of the black people.
Again let me debunk you. 68 IQ according to who? Somalia has never been tested with an IQ test because of civil war. Those IQ scores come from ehtopian Jews and Kenyans, and Richard put us inbetween since we are close countries. Simple research.
That is the kind of immigrants we need,
This is awesome! Great American life!
Does Sessions know about him?
Christians send missionaries to other countries to help. I don't believe they bring illegal immigrants back with them.
Seen Condalesa Rice on Fox in an interview.  I cant imagine her being interviewed with her track record?
I live in MN. If this was only true for most of the refugees from there. Far too many live on public assistance & in public housing forever.
I’ve read about many crimes committed by Somalis.  You can take the 3rd World person out of their native country, but you can’t take the 3rd World Country out of their native people...
Globalist propaganda.  An influx of Islamic followers is nothing more than a smiling invasion.  Its rather odd how there are churches working with NGOs in order to flood cities.  I wonder what would happen if someone started following the money being made....
Traitor.
Cool story bro
Cute since the travel ban is keeping many people out who would do the same and who want to be reunited with spouses and families.
He's still gonna vote D.
That is the way it is SUPPOSED to work.
I have legal USA Muslim friends who make their kids speak English, dress Western. They don’t like the hijab because they say it shows you are not assimilating (their words not mine).

I find them fascinating because they love America more than many who are born here.

#MAGA2020
Exactly how it should be done.

Illegals from our southern border come here proudly waving their flags, and expecting us to respect their culture while giving us the finger.
Stop. This country shouldn’t have 1 Somalian in it.
I’ll trade one immigrant like this for @RepMaxineWaters and @NancyPelosi.
Wait an immigrant can love ?!?! Well I’ll be
This is the way it should be done. Hats off to this man.
Sounds like another dreamer that Trump will soon throw out
OMG. Look out driver your day is about to turn sour. Blame Mike
And you and your beautiful, excellent daughter #MAGA everyday! Thank you! 
yeah, he wanted a tip from you, so of course he was nice.

we don't want america's founding white population replaced with somalis. is this really so difficult?
This one cab driver I met was cool so importing 100,000 Somalis to Minnesota is cool.
Cuck. 
There’s always one nice guy. But bring enough Somalis to a place and it will become Somalia
He drove that taxi that white bigots just won't drive!
Why doesn't he make Somalia great again
the driver should  pick a muslim country to live in
The best part of this story is not that he is here legally but rather that he is still an immigrant. One who has worked, raised family, and fights for our country. That does make our country a better place. It serves as an example of so many other immigrants w/o status doing same
I live in MN and let me tell U something he is NOT the majority of those people.
If he immigrated to this country legally than he truly is a minority
Key point here is legal immigrant.
As American as the natural born American patriots.
Those are the real Americans.
The way it’s suppose to be.
KEY WORD: ***LEGALLY***
He is the diff bw The American Dream and American Entitlement!
Hey Huckie, how does it feel that your incompetent daughter accused Iran of currently having a nuclear program and having to retract a couple of hours later? Her incompetence will get us into a war.
You have no clue if he is legal or not.
I knew some beautiful Somalis when I lived in MN. Their sweetness and kind spirit touched my heart forever. We must eradicate the radical cult that puts good people of all faiths in jeopardy.
3 key words, he came legally
Wish I could have heard you speak!
Cool story bro
Those gathered at the border now are trying to come in legally. That's why they're waiting patiently to do their paperwork.
So... you want him deported?
Now that’s the story all Americans love to hear. That is the American dream. We love our country & want ppl that work hard, contribute to society, hopefully believe in God. Not criminals that that use America to prey & harm our citizens.
...and that is how it should be done, Governor! Immigrants are welcome, as long as it is done legally and to work in order to have better lives. #NoWelfareForIllegals
People seeking asylum are doing so legally.
Those were the days.... Now the status quo is "I demand that America come and bring me to your country and make me great like I never was!" (Am I there yet?)

That’s the way it’s supposed to work, but Democrats have opened our borders to let murderers, drug dealers, radical Sharia Islamic Terror, chid molesters & worse into our country. When the criminals are caught they turn them lose to kill & rape again.

Those who truly love the USA and desire to be here will do so legally and proudly become a citizen. Demanding at a border is a joke.
If you let any of these disrespectful illegals that are at the border in our country more will come so tell the W.H. to stop being fools!! Everything free the words out 
Doesn't matter. Outliers are not a reason for poor policy. They have to go back
Without EYE Shadow of a doubt, I see what you are saying here
And that’s how it’s done!!!!!
I work with a man who came from Vietnam during the fall of Saigon April 30th 1975 His story is simply amazing. He came to the US at 16 years old no family they were all killed. Worked on a fishing boat to pay for college, got is engineering degree and owns a business. America!
That's they way it should be.
You well know that the 1965 Hart-Celler Act of 1965 was designed to destroy America's demographic cohesiveness and cultural integrity. One Somali cab driver who can drive & breed doesn't negate the negatives.
Love when I meet people like him; they’re so inspiring.
No problem with legal immigrants
I love hearing stories like this.  It just proves that we are very accepting of others coming to our country and making it their country too. Do it right. That's all we ask.
Never mind that Somalians have made Minneapolis a lot more dangerous and are wrecking the schools. YOU found a nice cab driver!

You do not care AT ALL about the people who have to LIVE around your charming CHEAP LABOR. 

You are anti-white!
Consequences if the attacks against lazy eye Huckabee don’t stop? Ha! I have no sympathy for ghouls.
Ya well look at Willmar St Cloud and the heart of the Twin Cities and you’ll find a plea for sharia law from these deceiving invaders
We need people like him.
Yes the key word is Legally. I had to wait 5 years myself
The way it should be.   America with respect.
All he is, is a driver? He could have been a driver in Somalia.
He is an example for others to follow.
And if your party has it's way, no-one will ever be able to do something similar again.
And what did your ancestors do, make America worse for is all?
And the left doesn't get it
If Democrats want to make immigration legal for everyone to come in here freely, then give all of my family the money they spent to come here legally
That’s the key word! LEGALLY!!!!
And that is what I call a good immigration story. Amen.
Show proof when they came legally, cuz words anyone can put down.
https://www.facebook.com/fkalusa1/posts/2062860250410097 …
