How about you take that option and save everyone's eyes from rolling-exhaustion
Yep. Huck should just go back to eating - the one thing he's actually good at.
…Imma leave this here…
Is that the dog they had for dinner?
His name was Lucky.
He was made of gravy and mayonnaise.
This is what the Huckabee’s are currently fighting over. They buy it by the truckload so it’s pretty intense…so I’m told by their cat, Poison.
How to attract a Huckabee.
That sounds like a threat.
Did you even read the post?  He said "IF" the President were a mob boss that Comey is implying.
I got you. That’s like OJ’s book called, “If I did it.” 
You would then have to actually believe the President is a mob boss to consider it a threat.  That speaks volumes about your assessment of the situation.
My assessment is that he runs in some pretty fucking shady circles. For example:
104 likes to 4.... 
152 to 3 she lost 1 
Rosenstein and sessions has to go too
Actually, Jim Comey is a smart, handsome and patriotic.  A stark contrast to a few other people we know.
You enjoy that bubble you live in? Comey is a disgrace.  A disgrace to America & the FBI. Get out of that basement the Economy is booming.  Thanks to President Trump.
LOL!!!
I would consider Comey closer to a mobster than any day over Our President. Comey is a criminal an liar an fraud.
Yes.  It’s not like one of the two just settled for $25 million because he scammed people out of their retirement savings running a fraudulent university.
When your political mentors / views are revealed to have an obvious flaw....
So you're implying that Donald Trump may murder Comey, much like your son murdered that dog.
Also like how his daughter murders the truth.
Exactly.  And what did Mob boss's do to Rats?? Isnt their 1 FBI person (PC) HONEST? Why won't they stand up & state what an embarrassment Comey is? The damage he has forced upon the FBI will last for years. Then you have the Thug Pack. I refuse to stand down.
You can’t always get what you want, and when you’re Mike Huckabee, you can’t even get a sense of humor.
You look like a true American but you sound like a SNOWFLAKE. Ride you bicycle dude and pop more pills.. Your welfare check will be late...
“Maria Romani” from “Kansas.”
You forgot Deplorable as well stupid
Cool story bro
Why not just fade away yourself?  Remember all those meetings you took back in early 2000 for those “think tanks” in EU?  We haven’t. Please just go away so we don’t waste taxpayer $$.  please?
Welfare checks won't be sent any more to your home..
Comey belongs in prison!  #LockComeyUp
along with Hillary
Yes, Hillary too! #LockHerUp
Another so-called Christian.
And somehow you brought religion into this.
Guessing it's a go-to line when you got nothing
Lol, go-to line? Isn’t he a minister? Actually, this is one of the so-called Christian’s nicer tweets. My minister does not speak like this.
Good luck with that.  That crooked waste of oxygen will stick around until he's indicted for sedition.  Which, he should be.  The proceeds from his book should be seized, if there are  any.  I don't know who would buy that dribble.
The same people who bought Hill's book "What Happened", which means, the nutjobs on The View and Rosie O'donnell. 

Here are the #Mobsters !!!


Whom Alex Jones works for Vs Donald J. Trump:
Alex Jones is a punk out control with a bad behavior for America
Go home and get your shine-box.
Why don't you get out of your parents basement. Haven't you heard our Economy is booming. Thanks President Trump!
Lol you check the CBO scores lately?
Not good enough, hang for treason.
Why are all conservative wanna-be comedians so terrible at comedy...
I actually read somewhere that he pays someone to write "funny" tweets for him. If true, it would be the only way he could possibly be more pathetic.
OMG, he needs to fire that joke writer, STAT...
Except the guy's probably ten times funnier than *he* is. Which I guess goes into negative funny.
lmao
Mob bosses are smart. Trump is too stupid to be any boss.
So glad Comey's book is coming out! Another reminder of just what a moron Trump is!
What the he'll do you base that on!
Millions in the bank or getting elected potus!
Too late for that now. Both Comey and McCabe could've flipped and helped bring all of the traitors to justice but clearly they didn't. Now they have to pay the price which I hope is their wealth and freedom. I can't wait to see who all actually did flip in the coming IG reports.
Apparently the mob boss is Hillary. She's the one people die around when they know too much...
Our country is at great risk from this administration and you’re joking about it? What is the matter with you? Try love of country over BS power trip
What is this great risk you speak of?  Socailism?
Please take another pill
Come to think of it your son tortured and killed a dog for sport and you used your political influence to stop law enforcement from investigating your son.
But Comey is not a craven, cowardly servant of power.  He is a much stronger man than you.
What’s the over/under on the timeframe as to when you and your daughter jump from the Trumptanic? Of course with Bibi in your wallet and pulling your strings, it may not be soon enough.
Sounds like CNN is your ONLY source of news. So typical of the Left to ONLY hear one side!
You don’t know me Carol with 4 followers working from a zio-troll tank somewhere deep in Israel.
I'm sure Jesus is impressed.
Funny, I was just thinking how much better our national discourse would be if you disappeared from public life too 
No that’s only when Killary is after you!!! 
With #CrookedHillary still kicking and screaming I'd watch my back if I were #SlimeBallComey
Haters on this thread getting rolled.
Original post likes = over 1000   Retweets = 340
Hater response avg likes = around 12  Hater Retweets = 3?
Are you trying to be funny again? Stick to betraying the country grandpa.
You really should stop tweeting, you’re embarrassing yourself
"Like" a mob boss. He's not nearly that competent. All he's ever done is launder money using real estate. Other than that he's just a fuckup. Running one business after another into the ground.
Omg! You are so funny! I love it! Keep it up! You never fail to bring a smile to my face, or tears from laughing so hard! #Huckabee
Another gem from your nasty pie hole.
Bad grandpa joke? Mikey.... just stop, man.
So no one likes you enough to tell you to STFU? #FakeChristian
Yep! Professional activist! 
WTF someone’s #Bot has skewed algorithms! Fix your #Troll pal
That sounds like a threat from Governor Huckabee @FBI @Comey @MarkWarner @JohnBrennan
I think the Secret Service need to have a word with Mr Huckabee @SecretService @wolfblitzer @jaketapper @jimsciutto @andersoncooper
Right! How dare he f**k with the #FakeChristian persona that Trump is a decent human in any way, shape or form!?!?
#ClintonCrimeFamily going on 4 decades!
Mena drug drops/ #ArkansasGate !
Since u don't seem educated on the matter (or maybe u r), let me help! #MAGA
#IStandWithTrump
#DeepStateInPanic
#ComeyForPrison
@Thomas1774Paine @BarbMuenchen
@GeorgiaDirtRoad
@HillestadNils
@qkode
@yceek
Bless your heart
And bless yours!
Do I have an AMEN? AMEN!
Amen!
The mob boss who loves pee LOL
Pretty soon he’ll be making a list of excuses why he was fired, just like Hillary’s list of why I am not president. The book is the first start.
I would gladly except Comey disappearing if he took your unprofessional disappointment of a daughter with him @GovMikeHuckabee
Uh-huh
Killin' it as always, Hucky! Just love ya! #wethepeople #GreatAwakening #QAnon #MAGA
You are so funny. Why don't you have a job on the cabinet? Trump needs a jester.
You should really consider disappearing and do us all a favor.
He actually has more to worry about from Hillary. Her "friends" seem to disappear just as fast as enemies
And this is what is passing for a man of God these days. #sad
Mikey these bad attempts to get uncle trump to notice you and give you a pat on the back are looking more and more desperate.

He doesn’t like you. No one likes you. Just fade away into obscurity again pls. the rest of us are getting secondhand embarrassment from you.
Out of the overflow of the heart, the mouth speaks. 

Please stop being an embarrassment to Jesus.
I believe it's spelled Witless
Protection Program. lol

Omg love it @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump

Hit the nail on the head again Gov!
He’s not the Governor anymore. The Arkansas Governor is Asa Hutchinson.
No other former Governor other than Mike Huckabee refers to themselves as Governor.
He hasn’t been Governor for quite awhile.
He is Mike Huckabee, not Governor Mike Huckabee .
The same can be said for Lame MCCain. What’s your point? That’s supposed to make a difference? Know who else was in military? John Kerry. Who ALSO got a medal. For a bs wound. And how about Bergdahl? He was military. Actions speak louder than labels.
Did you just imply a threat on someone’s life?
@FoxNews Comey is a disgruntled former employee venting at his boss. He can say anything he wants to but please take it with a grain of salt. Ignore him and move on.
He is also give out top secret information about USA treasonous
That's up Mr. Sessions and DOJ to decide.  Time will tell if they pursue the matter.
You're not funny. Quit trying to be funny. Plus your son tortured and killed a dog.
If you're okay with killing the unborn then you have no moral leg to stand on.
Really?!?
The dummy doesn't know we live in a Republic, not a Democracy....
@Comey is used to Mob Bosses, namely Clinton Crime Family
Make sure he takes McCabe Brennan Obama’s Hillary Huma too anyone from prior governments that has something to say - they should all get bent - bush too... mcstain the whole ilk...


He might also want to stop writing books about breaking the law, how he broke the law, who he broke the law with, and when he broke the law. Is his signature in his book? That would be like a signed statement!
#MAGA
#KAG!
Amen sir! He is making it even worse for the FBI! How did he get that job? Just an observation, but Mr. I am so innocent —you’re so beneath me —Comey seems like he’s been smoking weed way too long! Absolutely zero credibility!
Uhhh... if @realDonaldTrump is operating like a "mob boss", the smart thing for Comey or any real American patriot to do is everything they can to make sure he is brought to justice. There seems to be some confusion on your part about the definition of "smart".
I think the world would prefer if you did that.  No one would miss you.
You are not clever.
@FBI would @GovMikeHuckabee tweet be a veiled threat on the life of a former director? 
jokes aren’t funny if you have to explain them 
A break from his sanctimonious quote tweeting would make the world a brighter place!
If the President was a “mob boss” as Comey said wouldn’t he have disappeared? Isn’t that what we see in the movies and are told about mob bosses? Comey has Absolutely NO Credibility for the LIES he already TOLD and continue to TELL!
Tic toc, Tic toc....

Actually, we’d much prefer it if YOU disappeared from public life & took Don the Con with you.
Ooh Ooh! I know the answer to this one!
Yes, Jim Comey should hide from the government by asking the government to hide him.
LOL....you are a good man Govenor !
You are a fantastic Christian.
He is a pos. tRump . Loyal to the liar in chief. U
Paulie I don’t think you caught my sarcasm.
How do u explain to the million millennialist who are struggling to believe in god because of people like trump, your daughter and yourself?  This is y in due time god will be dead with all of us.  Hypocrisy makes Jesus weep.
Who made you judge!  I am sure it is not God!
Really!  Your opinion!!
Hey Mike. This video has been on Youtube less than 48 hours and has 1.4k views. Check it out. It’s Called Media Mash! It’s about DT Mashing the Media! You and your followers will enjoy it! Your band may want to play it! LOL  https://youtu.be/PvSmX-EF1tY  #KAG2020
I like the way you think Governor 

Best plan I have heard!
It's telling that you should advise a law enforcement professional to go into witness protection to hide from a criminal. LEO's run towards crooks, not away. Keep watching.
Run and Hide @Comey - little tall man turned out to be a little bithck

It would be nice if you did the same.
It would've been better if you had succeeded at parenting. You've unleashed ghouls into the world.
You are right.  Criminals always want the witnesses to disappear.
Gov. Mike, you hit the nail right on the head!!!
Right on the head of Trumps tiny penis.
Prayers for you

You first, Mike.
And take that beast of a daughter @PressSec with you
Most cringeworthy thing ever.
Watching your ego collapse on itself when trump goes to prison may be peak schadenfreude for a healing nation.
From what I hear...Hillary Clinton is awfully mad at him for losing the election. It would probably be a very good thing 4 him to go into the Witness Protection Program anyways.  Give him a blonde wig/lipstick & a 6'8" dress--he already has the girly personality down pat! Lordy!
Sometimes maybe I think you should say these out loud first. Not because you might regret saying things because that would imply you have a soul...but because they are not that funny.
When you've pretty much accepted being a public disgrace clinging desperately to Trump's boot heel like a dirty piece of gum.
Both of you should go into the witless protection program.
I couldn’t agree more!
Spoken like a true Fuckabee
You mean the way this robust family should disappear from public life?
It’s also disturbing that the one who used the term “mob boss” use to oversee the very people who raided an office, apartment and hotel room and leaked information soon after. This set a new precedent for what once was attorney/client privilege. What’s next? Media “sources”?

Everyone lies but Trump, EVERYONE
Haha I know.... I was channeling my inner trump follower
Can’t wait for poor grandchildren of Comey mccabe holder rice Reid Pelosi Schumer hillary bill Lerner atty weissman wasserman storvkov&lusa, Yates,pedosa,Tim kaine,booker,maxine,Wilson, Brennan, obama,Wray read history of WH failed coup against a GREAT outsider President. Tragic
Let us only pray that it  is our side (civilization) that gets to write those chapters in the new history books! 
Amen sister!
I would like to introduce Miss Piggys (@PressSec ) Daddy. 
How pathetic, when a decorated, distinguished, respected American citizen, whose always fought for our country, is disrespected, by a lying draft dodger.
What's up with Trump hating respected, decorated military men?
One of the children you raised is a professional liar. One strangles dogs. You all threw your support behind a child molester.

Comey’s not the one who needs to disappear in shame from the public sphere.
Why threaten somebody with an idiotic statement like that. We are in America, and the first amendment gives us the right to free speech. If you disagree with him, then write your own book.
Now I see how the apple doesn’t fall from the tree. Your daughter, who is the communications person from the White House, states things that are alternative statistics and information, just like you. Don’t have a touch with reality.God would be ashamed of you and your actions.
Best witness protection for Comey is PRISON!
Yes and liberals supposedly fear trump but want us to get rid of guns. I am so never moving to California, having any of their brownies or koolaid. Let’s ask the Israelites how it worked out when they were unarmed with the Babylonians, Romans, Or Germans.
Comey should find where your Christian ethics have been hidden for the past few years.
Would be swell for sure and hope he take Hill and Bama along with!!
I would rather have a strict mob boss than the thieving liar we had previously.
Why don't you and your daughter, uncle Festor, grow some balls and integrity and learn how to tell the truth, you so-called Christians. You're Trump-loving liars
That’s a slippery slope you’re on.  Jokes about making people disappear can easily be construed as subtle threats.  And when you stand to benefit from that disappearance personally, it can make folks wonder.
If Trump were really like a mob boss or Hillary Clinton, the FBI & DOJ leadership, Brennan, Clapper, Schumer, Schiff, the entire MSM and would be sleeping with the fishes.
Governor, we love your daughter!!
There is no justice for our Great President,  the left has gone rogue! They are so far gone it's disturbing! Michelle Obama calls her husband the good parent...NOT, more like the the parent that sets bad examples! Obama divided our country and did everything crooked he could do!
Point taken, but the real “Mob Boss” would be Hillary Clinton.  People who agree to testify against her “commit suicide” by shooting THEMSELVES in the BACK of the head.  Talented shooters!  Posting for a friend...not for myself Hillary... #HillaryForPrison
...go into Witness protection Program and please take @MaxineWaters, @KamalaHarris Sen Diane Feinstein, and @CoryBooker with you!
Keep trying, you’re still irrelevant...
love your humor Gov
You tell um @govMikeHuckabee, I’m too reserved.

Today is a wonderful  and blessed day. Happy happy day! 
I never trust a "tattletale"...they're notorious for making up their own TALL TALES rather than telling the TRUTH.
He needs to take the Libiot party with him!

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Gee, maybe America will have some justice, after all, & Comey will be held accountable for leaking classified material & other corruption.

Hard to sell books in hiding
Comey’s ego is too gargantuan to run.
I totally agree with you @GovMikeHuckabee 
You are the man !  Love to you and your beautiful family.
Comey is absolutely not welcome in America or in Public...take his book $$$ and shove it up his a——s!!
I was thinking more along the lines of an extended stay at warm, breezy GTMO1...for life.

I think you have the name wrong. 
#45, the FAKE President should  dissapear.   I see that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Sarah  is truly your daughter. 
Shameful!
Hey Mike
You're a pretty smart guy. You know how this ends. Look at Cohen. You KNOW him. He's the worst kind of scumbag! 
Now we find he's RECORDED ALL TRUMP phones calls (including yours). And FBI has them! You KNOW how this ends!
Time to jump off the Trump Train
Just sayin'
Nah. Lock Comey up, so he can't cause any more problems. Done with the Untruthful Slime Ball.
The more we learn about the corruption in our government. The more I believe that destiny @realDonaldTrump was to save this country.
Man who refuses to retire from "public life" despite being told repeatedly to go away whines about how other people need to shut up.
Evangelical Grifter.
When you attack Comey, Rosenstein or Mueller, you show us how dangerous your party is. You fuel us, and make us work even harder to elect people who will protect this nation, because left to your party, a lawless president is endangering democracy with no check. Unacceptable!
Beautiful wordingry lol....if that's a word...
Thank you!
#1 RICO ACT FAMILY
Tbf, I’d exclude Tiffany from that.
Jared and her are family members, thus part of this RICO ACT FAMILY!
He is Disgrace and most Americans like myself are with Donald Trump we know the great work he is doing Our country unlike Obama Who was always apologizing Keep up the good work Donald trump If liberals acted the way they do in other countries they would be hung or shot
That's only needed if you get on HRC's bad side
It's so weird that the ONLY people who end up getting suicided, or have the worst luck because they end up dead in the weirdest ways, are those about to testify against Dems. mainly Hillary 
And if you were a true person of faith you wouldn’t be attacking people you disagree with. But we all can’t get what we want , can we Governor?
I am amazed at how far these slimy creatures go to protect lies.
God luv ya Hucky!!   You are literally our voice, so often...   

Well you could tell. Hillary comey has dirt in her I bet he'd flea then
IF President Trump was anything like a mob boss,  2 pairs of adult diapers couldn’t contain the diarrhea pouring down Comey’s legs.

With some of the tweets I just read ,we need to drain the swamp all over America and not just Washington DC thanks Governor Huckabee !!you’re right on and funny... love your comments
haha ! That's Sharpe ! I can't stop laughing ! Amen
No, he needs to go to prison! #GITMO!
you said that right.

I like it.  I would be happy if someone would put handcuffs on Comey and lock him up. He is disgusting!
#MAGA
Comey Cannot disappear he needs to go to jail first!
Yes Governor yes  You tweet/say all the right thingsNo political correctness here
If in fact Trump was a Mob Boss he would have did the smart thing right away and had this whole crew clipped.... ........Oh I can hear it already,  I meant there wings Of Course....what do you think i meant?
Lol 
Love it
Can you do that with a sealed indictment?
Nice one Potsy.
Or being wearing cement shoes
Thanks again Mike! Only you would be smart enough to say all the right things... amen!
Well said, Gov
Sometimes you need to be a Boss of that Mob in Washington
Maybe he could take hillary with him.
That’s a good one Gov. 
Why do you still refer to yourself as Governor.
I think you are a nice man as I had an occasion to be in contact with you.
I think of Asa Hutchinson as our Governor.
And as I said, I know no other former Arkansas governor who refers to themselves as Governor.
Thank you Gov. Huckabee
Speaking of "Mob Bosses" - rumor has it her father had a hand in the demise of JFK- doesn't fall far from the #Qanon8chan
I agree with you,Gov.Huckabee,100percent!GOD Bless you &family.Make AMERICA Great Again!AMEN!


#Rosenstein #Mueller #Comey #Strok #Page and the #DeepState #Fisa judges need to Fired and sent to Gitmo in canoes! #LockThemUp #Treasonous #WitchHunt #DeepStateInPanic #DrainTheSwamp  https://www.dailywire.com/news/29421/breaking-articles-impeachment-drafted-rosenstein-ryan-saavedra …
Jimbo is FAR too STUPID to do ANYTHING that SMART!
