How is this patriotic? How is this respectful of law and order? You are a hypocritical fraud. And not funny.
REMINDER 

Mike Huckabee is a creationist who takes Bible literally. That's the intelligence of this "man." 

Mike Huckabee should be mocked relentlessly! Instead gets to go on Fox "news."
Bigot
Governor you always make me smile!!
I’d rather gouge my eyes out you religious nut case
Go for it. And please record it and upload it on YouTube.
Haha love reading your post, had my laugh of the evening!
Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha!
I thought you were gonna say, "The Feds. Raided your home at 2 am to Take" or Confiscate your Bacon and Eggs bc they were Hungry! Ha!
Sounds like a very disgusting combination. how about we skip you and just have the bacon and eggs?
Love it. I’m afraid to give my opinions not.
Oh, I hope you didn’t!

Morning sickness

Huckabee.  You blowing wind again

Christians don't lie
Now that’s actually a federal crime Gov. Huckabee. Prepare yourself!!
Hilarious as always Mike. You're a great way to start the day.
Well, if you would actually read it, the tag says "except by consumer."  But since you're going on the least trusted new source, what should we expect except more distortion of the facts.  Also, I know I'm being nitpicky, but you meant to say "off my pillows."
If only...


I don’t even want to think about you before breakfast. Although being nauseous does help me stay on my diet.
That’s funny as hell Huck.    Keep it up.
Ma dadeee gave me his possum @GovMikeHuckabee
Ew.
I am still laughing! Thank you for bringing laughter to us all. You have a gift!
Something is terribly wrong with your sperm

Millions want you for breakfast AND Speaker of the House, you saucy winner! #MAGA #HuckabeeTrain
It’s so sad what’s happened to Huckabee. Some people like Huckabee have decided to get on an elevator to hell with a corrupt president. 

Others with integrity & self respect have rejected that.

#TheResistance #TrumpRussia
MAGA.
You are just TOO sweet and we love you!
Oh my!!!
I appreciate your humor so much! Some much needed laughter. This has been an intense week.
Ignorance is bliss
Thanks for the laugh! LOL
Federal pillow investigators? 
....great to start my morning with
Huckabee Humor!  
...any hangovers from the 7 cups of coffee and red bull? 
Don’t worry your wish will come true when they come for your lying daughter.
That will be the ham of it
Lol
When I was a kid I took those pillow warnings seriously!
Wow your going all out on commenting crimes today.
Do you buy Chinese pillows or American pillows?

If you did maybe you have already covered your tracks and cut them off
Ha
...I confess...I am one of those people who has never removed those tags...
Are you one of those who doesn’t take tags off of anything? Lamp shades, throw pillows, mattresses, etc... Ask for mercy!!! 
You probably didn’t do it, but they’ll find the tags missing from your couch and chairs
We love you, @GovMikeHuckabee
Since our law keepers have no interest in it, I store all my personal information on Hillarys server.
Toast.
Appreciate your humor. Have to laugh sometimes...
Will be watching!
Your large adult son murdered a dog

Hilarious!  You still got it, Mike!
Huckabee, Totally enjoy your humorous sarcasm and puns remarks to the news.. you lighten up the day
Ha, that’s funny.!
Hahahaha 
If I had to see Mike Huckabee or his twin daughter this early in the morning, I would be nauseated all day.
Imbecile.
Are you guilty?  We have ways of finding out!

you are simply THE BEST!
You kill me. Can we be friends? You are hilarious
You're protesting an awful lot.  What are you hiding?

LOL
Revolting cruelty. Yuk.

Good one Governor , have a blessed day 
#Zuckerberg has exploited youth. Stolen identities, mind control, access to adult content, and sexual predators needs to STOP. Make fee based so parents can deny kids from joining, protect their children from this monster. #DeleteFacebook
Are those Hildabeasts bags that she used when she carpet bagged in New York?
It’s bad enough you led your daughter to a job defending a criminal. Do you have to embarrass Christianity on a daily basis?
Don’t give them any ideas Governor!
Phew, I had to read it again.  I thought maybe you were with Katy Perry and you were the breakfast.
I thought they were looking for your express ticket to HELL. #LYINGHYPOCRITE
Just bought 2 new pillows and removed tags. Should I be afraid? 
I love your tweets! They make my morning!
Hard to believe that we cannot put a stop to this when it is plain to see that it is against the law,  I don't think the average American would sit still for these gestapo tactics of having your door kicked in, most will defend themselves I am betting.
Did she clean up the mess she left behind at the Dakota pipeline protest? Michelle's Parenting 101in full swing; anger and hate!!
Keep trashing our nation's law enforcement officials, hillbilly. These men and women have more honor and patriotism in their bowel movements than you have in your entire body.


CA-CHING!! 
Guessing you got a contract with them also.
Btw, you're as funny as a fart in a spacesuit!
So you’re saying bacon, eggs, and HAM????   Just kidding.  Keep up the good work.

You are such a hoot... funny man, love your sense of humor 

Good one, Governor!
Gov. You are so funny! Love reading your posts
Gov. Mike you make me laugh!! I love your comments!

No thanks. Don't need right wing propaganda with my coffee...fuckabee

Yes same me Bacon, and Eggs every day. Some time nuts. good morning sir
Does that include grits? Scrambled eggs, please.
This didn't actually happen.
Just another ham and egger
KNOWS NOTHING DO NOTHING HE IS NOTHING.
Please at least try to speak American English, DEZA


You are so funny!!!

Sounds like something they'd do!
Oh Lordy...Huck in trouble with Federal Pillow Investigatiors!  Lol
I guess that applies to mattresses also!
Uh, oh! 

LOL How dare you remove the labels? It is written on them, "Do Not Remove".

next they’ll raid you for crimes against comedy
Good morning Mr Huckabee

Republicans are working up a sweat trying to tear down the rule of law in America. Dems won’t let them. Justice is coming for your leadership. #MuellerKnows
What planet are you from??? You’re definitely out there where the busses don’t run!!!
You’re so naive...
And you're a paid troll. Shut the fuck up
Take your own advice
