Tell that to parents of dead columbine student who was shot dead after saying she was a christian! Whose behind this? CAIR? Follow the $ to whose behind it!!!
Right. They specifically selected her to be shot because of her faith. Lol, that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. They shot as many people as they could at random.
What is shocking is that you think this is shocking
Why our we as tax payers supporting these liberal idiots? Have they not seen the persecutions of Christians around the world? Maybe they should focus on that and how our freedom of religion is being denied? #CommonCoreDisaster
The only thing you're prosecuted for is being bone headed enough to vote heathen DT into office.
He's not the heathen -and I'll vote for him again.
Christians in the US experience little to no persecution in their lifetime. We do have it easy. However, as we have seen, Christians in Africa, the Middle East, and other areas, do experience real persecution. Christians during the Roman empire were severely persecuted.
Exactly- that is why they should be discussing what is happening to them and not some perceived privilege here in the US. It's a dangerous road to take.
Gee, given Christians are blessed with faith in the true god, you would think even someone as obtuse as Huckabee would know they got a better deal than those misfortunate enough to have been raised by Buddhists, Muslims, Zeus worshippers and other assorted atheists.
We do. We have the Lord Jesus as our friend, Savior,, guide and Rock and that is a privilege so I have Christian privilege
How do I know you have privilege? You could be reading the Bible outside the strip club where you just happened to walk out of, and Christians and atheists alike will respect and not question this strange decision. However, if I'm smoking a cigarette or even say a swear word outs
ide near the entrance to a church building, even another atheist will criticize me for being "disrespectful".
#GovMikeHuckabee hmmm, they must think that the Bible condones drug use.  After all the Bible reports how Stephen was stoned, (Acts 7:54-60).
Mail them a Bible.
We get a better deal in death, too.
Yeah I'm pretty sure you're right up there with Trump as being a lying horrible human being.

PS say hi to that kid of yours who likes to go around killing DEFENSELESS animals
Truth crush to the earth has risen the Christ will set you free so stop being hypercritical and heathenism religion is to return to the tenats. Not dogma which is propaganda and politics
How about Stormy Daniels for extortion
Yeah! Lots of Christians have shitty jobs devoid of privilege
Tell it to the Roman Christians who were set on fire to provide illumination for the Appian Way. Tell it to Paul, who gave his head for what he believed and for Whom he believed.
Agree that saying that “yes, I am a Christian” is looked upon with disdain. If “Christian Privilege” existed, there never would have been a Cross or nail scared hands and feet, pierced rib cage, or Gethsemane. I think you get the picture
Actually, according to the Bible, this sacrifice was a necessary part of God's will for people to be forgiven of sin. In other words, God made sure he'd have something else to complain about if there were no crucifixion. They'd probably be trying to enforce God's vengeance.
Hey Guv! Each time someone asks me if I play the Lotto, I tell 'em that I already WON the Lotto! I tell them that God loves me, and gave his Only Son for me and the entire world. That I will have eternal Life, if I only believe in Him. A WAY BETTER DEAL in life indeed!!
You sound like you'd be a lot of fun at a party.
That depends. I usually enjoy the deeper waters, everything told....
@14159James3 SAVAGE!! 
(Theme song from "Jaws" the movie playing in the background...)
WTF are you hayseeds on about??
Nothing much. Just contemplating a Senator's gayseed comments about whether a Sec. of State nominee has it cruisin' good with the local alternative lifestyle crowd. That said, it wasn't about you, Leif, I must confess.
This "afterlife" isn't even the privilege we're referring to, if it even exists. You all enjoy that. I'm not interested. If I say Christian Privilege, I'm referring to the way people are treated in the here and now in this life, in America.
Nonsense, ask the Christians that are murdered, beheaded, tortured, and persecuted everyday! Great privilege, what a joke!
Just more insanity!!
What happened to separation of church and state the university may be private however if it received any government money it is violation of status
Tell us about the curriculum at Trump University, dopey.
Fuck that school
Tell these folks about their "Christian Privilege". Oh, you can't! They were murdered for just being one.
Duh............the Grace of God
Where?  They get beheaded in the Middle East, mocked and censored in America .
Seems like a super easy problem to solve...be a Christian
Boo
Let me ask you... If you’re an employer would you pay more for an honest hard working Christian? Or, would you prefer someone who self centered, believes in lying, cheating, stealing and has no respect for the property, rights or dignity of others?
Those employers are called #MAGAts. Millions of them. They preferred the lying, cheating, porn star fucking guy.
If you are a Christian you get a helluva lot better deal!!!
Well since Christians are in the majority in this country and our government, it is likely true.
Are they trying to convert them? 
Run by a bunch of retired, out of work politicians?  Sounds like it!
Big money donors waging an ideological identity war.....
Know who donates a lot of money to political causes? The Catholic church.
Crazy lib stiff galore
This is a surprise to you ?
How the heck do they verify that one? Sound a little like discrimination to me!
you're right?  White Christian Men get a way better deal and if you don't understand that I suggest you are one
Yeah let's teach them how to be a two faced, double standardlying & if your president excused because of who you are wife cheating evangelical. Yeah that sounds great.
 christian?  only by name #Hypocrites
And what did checking your values do for you? The Democrats have long been the "big tent" party where anything goes. What a party attracts is not the issue, what a party propagates is a worthy measure of their morality.
But in the end they're still Christians, so there's that...
ARE YOU A CHRISTIAN
". . . kids paying over $67,000 a year . . ."??

Not so many years ago 1/10 of that would have paid for an entire 4 year degree AND it would have meant something. "Christian privilege" involved dismissing the religion of those professors who believed they evolved from apes.
Of course they do, they have God in their lives!
Why do you care mikey. Could it be that you are a radical Christian homophobe racist nazi loser?
Now which Bible are they reading!!???
Oh Mike, how are you going to spin the news that Trump had an illegitimate child by his housekeeper? How will you spin it when the inevitable truth comes out about his paying for some woman’s abortion? How many “mulligans” does this jerk get?
Seventy times seven.

In a sense Mike, we have GOD on our side!
Seems like something that shouldn’t take a semester of study to learn, but...
WOW!! No words!!!
Is this the same Timothy Kane who espouses the fostering LGBT positive work place, diversity of sexual and gender identities & more along that ilk? That is one very confused hermaphrodite.
Better deal.. mmm like getting their heads cut off, being put in prison without a trial, stoned
Of course, this is not the US where we do have the freedom of religion
What happen to Just An Equal Playing Field?
Well it’s certain they are going to get a better deal in the next life!!!
Actually we do get a better deal from our Father, the Lord.
Maybe you should take it.
?

Well, Christians do get a better deal in life...eternal life! And it doesn't cost $67,000 to learn about it. Just walk into a thriving church and ask about it. Salvation is free! The cost has already been paid by Gods only Son Jesus!
Bahahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha that's a good one.
LOL.  Read the bible, Mike.  You're such a fraud, just like pornald and your daughter and that one that sleeps with mother.
Even if true, it isn’t in THIS life that that “way better deal” would be important 
We do get a better deal, we have the privelage of hearing our Lords voice!!!
- OOOPS
We need a class and democrat privilege
Somehow this is disturbing! They will use anything to be against Christians
It's called "How to get away with infidelity 101"
All good Gov.
Well my God is an awesome God?! Perhaps they may want to seek him out?
Gov they do get a better deal. Parents usually stay together, taught respect, taught morals, importance of education, hard work. Nothing to do with gov., just raised right . God does work
You are lying as usual. It was a one-time 50 minute seminar. What a hack.
Christians are privileged. We have the blessing of an intimate relationship with our Maker, blessed with the greatest gift known to man... eternity in heaven, fellowship with other people who follow God’s Word. We know this is not the end. And we can share the gift with everyone!
Do they consider #PastorAndrew privileged?
They appear to define "Privilege" as unmerited favor. That is what we believers call "Grace". Yet I have my doubts they view our privilege as something quite different. Maybe if they take an honest look @ scripture or Foxes book of martyrs they might view it in a different light.

trailer park bound
Lord help us!
If by privileged they mean unmerited favor, than yes, it's called "GRACE". We did not earn it, nor do we deserve it. Q. though - Is not everyone privileged in some form or fashion according to their definition? It all comes down to how you look at it. Your worldview.
Try telling your family you are now atheist. See how that goes.
file under who cares
And a way better deal after life too.
We Christians get the better deal AFTER life!
They will if GOP #FakeChristians get their way.
Mike, is this the same university that cut it's American History classes because history is no longer "relevant"?
Amazing thing....faith!
They may have hit on something Governor. Life seems a lot sweeter when you have God shining down on you!  I may not have the best life, but I’m able to endure because of Him
Congrats on being able to endure life.
I mean they do right?! That’s sort of the point. Give your life over to Christ and the game changes completely. That is a much better deal than the alternative “when you die that’s the end” theory.
Well, yes, we do get a better deal because we are making better choices and earning it.
Why do you assume you’re making better choices than non-Christians? And what are you earning? Your place in heaven?
Happiness.
This was a 90-minute lecture, not a "training course" as Mike Huckabee claims. I wonder if he attended the event or if he is just babbling based on his slanted assumptions?
Wow...
Sounds like a great recruitment tool. Joke may be on them!
Generally speaking, a conservative is most likely to be a Christian whereas a liberal is most likely to be an atheist or simply ‘spiritual’ and who rejects commandments, laws, morals, the U.S. Constitution, and rules of conduct - unless it’s Alinsky’s ‘Rules for Radicals’.
Having a degree in theology, I can tell you the only thing on your list that atheists reject is the notion that a diety wrote the commandments. Atheists do not reject laws, morals, the US Constitution or any of that other nonesense. #Cult45
Ok! Glad to hear that atheists support our country’s immigration laws, and agree that a wall is needed on our southern border to keep the illegals and the drugs out - FYI: Senators Obama, Biden, Schumer, Feinstein and Hillary Clinton voted for it in 2006! Approve funding NOW!
We, who are born again and are walking with God, step by step beside Him, will have joy in our life that only comes from that journey.  That's our advantage.  Praise God.
Christians run everything in this country. EVERYTHING. If our forefathers hadn't separated Church and State we'd be Saudi Arabia for Christians with no women vote, mandatory prayer and certainly no Will Farrell. SAD.
Stupid sense.
I'm so sick of whiny pretend "Christians" claiming they are somehow being denied, always the poor little victim. People don't get arrested for being Christian, you charlatan, they get arrested for breaking the law or not following it in their job, like your precious Kim Davis.
Oh, maybe I've been too hard on Mike Huckabee. Poor guy's been eating lead paint since childhood.

From his article: "Maybe I did grow up gnawing the lead paint off my toy soldiers.."

& looks like he passed his impairment on to poor @PressSec and the rest of the clan also. Sad..
Do you have a daughter  ?  If so how has she progressed in life ?  I would be proud If Sarah was my daughter  .  Are you jealous of Mr. Huckabee  ?
No. I'm not the sort of person who is jealous of hypocrites, those who claim piety and grace while attacking whole swaths of society and lying and groveling in order to keep themselves in good favor with other charlatans. Just not my thing.
Lol sometimes I think everyone has lost their minds.
If you are born again Christian, show not support for sexual predator and racists
I think GW University has made the wrong designation. The better deal comes in the afterlife and is possibly be correctly termed, Christian Privilege.  They can work out how politically correct that terminology is with God.
Oh Lord!
White privilege now Christian privilege and neither one has any privilege only attacks from all directions
Bless your little heart. #Cult45
GW University is Going off the rails, They thing they are Setting Trends, but they are Just Showing that they are Anti American on every Issue, Need to Change the Name of the University to Leon Washinton, Leon was this Guy I Knew That Hated Life & wanted everyone to be like him..
They are crazy. As a Christian I’ve never enjoyed any privilege except to know where my eternal home is.
@GWtweets You are SUPERPOSED to be an INSTITUTION OF HIGHER LEARNING not HATE & DESPOTISM.  NO WHERE in you charter does it say YOUR DUTY is to ENLIGHTEN STUDENTS in the ART of HATE & SOCIAL DESTRUCTION. But THOUGHT, REASON & LOGIN seem to ESCAPE your SCOPE of EDUCATION.  M.Ed.
More fascist brainwashing by liberals.
BOT #Cult45

They should talk to some of us Mike!!!  P.S.  You are so funny...thank you for making me laugh!!  In Christ- Kerry Mischka



I'm sure the irony will be lost on them.
If Christians get a better deal in life, it's because they have faith in God.

haters just well- hate- they have nothing else
Hmmmm is that the role of a University

This is not being a good christian. You're hateful and a bigot. Your god seems to be a monster if your any representation of him.

Take it up w/God we r just the messengers sharing Good News 4 all who believe!
“4out of His fullness [the superabundance ofHis grace &truth] wehave ALL RECEIVED GRACE UPON GRACE [spiritual blessing upon spiritual blessing, favor upon favor, and gift heaped upon gift].John 1:16
That's bad!
Your daughter looks like a monster
Looks like a normal person to me and MANY others. You think something gives you the right to talk about how someone looks? What gives you the right? You jealous or something?
BOT #Cult45

You've never spent a minute attending a public university, and your degree is in "religious studies." You know absolutely nothing about higher education, but here you are blabbing on about it like you know everything.
Huck couldn't get into GWU.
It's called "Prosperity Doctrine" and not only is it not biblical, it's routinely taught all over red states as gospel. You should know that.....
Typical leftist lies to pollute the@minds of our young!
BOT #Cult45
Is GW an offshoot of #TrumpUniversity?
Overpriced.They will never be able to pay it back.
Does it say whether Christians are for or against torturing dogs?
