If we are really lucky,we'll get to see Obama bow before Trump & start a new apology tour to try & get forgiveness from the American people who he so maligned all over the World while he got to sit in the big boy chair.

Could we include Clinton, Pelosi, Waters, Reid as well?
I'd like to nominate Booker for that list.
If he does not get the Nobel Peace Prize I'm pretty sure that we've already discounted its meaning when Obama received it for absolutely no reason.  It's so sad how little respect we have these days for entities that used to be stalwart like The Nobel Peace Prize and the POTUS
Maybe we should also give him the Nobel peace prize because no commercial airlines crashed in 2017. He had just as much of an input there. ZERO.
You'd really have a better outlook on life if you moved over to the winning side and didn't cry so much. You've got 6.5 more years and it would really make you feel better.
A more accurate photo, but same deal.
When Obama talked about doing this same thing, weren’t you one of his biggest critics? 
Yo´re absolute right! Obama talking about 8 Years, Bush too, Clinton, too!? Trump fixed it! Opinion from Germany watch what he do, not who is doing!
What does Trump even have to do with it? He antagonized NK and refused to have a meeting.  He did nothing.
Either you are kidding or never watch the news. He has been working on this for 15 months. Moon thanked Trump for making this happen.
Moon? Wtf
Moon Jae-in is South Korean President.
I’m aware.. my comment was, he’s an ally in Trumps pocket.  What else would he say?
That #Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize 
#hatersgonnahate 
#NobelPeacePrize 
#NorthKoreaSummit 
 
In a shouted response to a question about the Nobel Peace prize on the white house lawn. Trump had the best response: PEACE is the prize  @saddiztic
Maybe he should take a break from golfing and spazzing on twitter and actually do something.. something other than vilifying minorities and lying about trade deficits
I was reading this tweet, sipping my coffee, then I got to the Elizabeth Warren dig & I choked on my coffee, cannot blame you Governor, I should have known better by now
Love you Huckabees!!
Thanks Trump!
I really do not view your passive-aggressive slams toward your political opponents as being very spiritual let alone being Christian behavior.
This is true..it takes away the good when you demean someone else in the process..i am proud of President Trump..S.Korea & N.Korea..period
This is HISTORY!!! GO President Donald Trump!!!
Perfectly said!  One of my daughters is living in SoKo & has been praying for peace . Thank you President Trump for all you’ve done thus far!
Thanks be to our Heavenly Father 1st of course. He is working miracles 
Almost made it to the end of a tweet that made sense before you chuckled to yourself and had to make an asinine, insulting comment.
It was hilarious!
Govenor ,
Every day I look for your tweets .
Your sense of humour never fails . LOL
Its not a peace treaty. Trump had nothing to do with it. Why are you lying? Oh I remember you are the Huckster
Hmm, one of the 2 men shaking hands in Korea has a different opinion...
A glimmer of hope...CNN actually wrote a positive article.
Here's a clip from the video where she credits President Trump.
South Korea’s Foreign Minister tells me in Seoul that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” for bringing North Korea to the negotiating table. “He’s been determined to come to grips with this from day one,”…
Really big! I think @POTUS deserves a LOT of the credit for getting the two sides together. History in the making!
That and their newly acquired nuclear arsenal...
Yep President Clinton knew about it years ago. Finally took a present wasn’t afraid to help us move forward with preventing this mess.Wake up every day thanking God that we have USA president with some backbone.
His pressure on the so-called Democratic People's Republic of Korea was a factor, no doubt.
Or some possum stew.
REPORTED   @Twitter please suspend or delete this person's twitter account as it is insulting to our press secretary. Thank you.
Talk about a snowflake.
Stop hating. Get over it already. Does it make U orgasmic to make fun of innocent people? to show hatred? What is it about bullying that makes you happy Z?  Poor Z......  take a red pill and you'll feel AWESOME!  You'll actually enjoy the great things that are happening EVERYDAY
Pills? I think you mixed up your antipsychotics with your diet pills.
Deflection....yes.......is what libs do best.....deflect.
Don't ever delete your photo. A hat covering your eyes is absolute symbolic poetry.
Didn't want my beauty to sway you.... The light in my eyes is a weapon :)
If DJT doesn’t get one.....ppl are going to be so mad
The Nobel Peace Prize proved to be a farce when they awarded one to Obama just for being voted president. Trump doesn't need an award to build a legacy.Patriots of America are witnessing this first hand.With resistance from both sides,Trump is still getting things done. USAProud
True, he doesn’t need it at all, but maybe another new award  
Trump has played almost no part. The real hero is the South Korean president (Moon) who has managed to bring two dictators to the table.
Do you really think this would have happened had Trump not put the screws to North Korea?  Hell no. He got Japan, South Korea, and China to all work with US on significant sanctions on them. POTUS absolutely had a major hand in this and the potential nuke disarmament coming.
Unfortunately the left is so far gone that not even this epic one in a lifetime event could pull their heads out of @HillaryClinton's derriere.
"Obama pretending to a neutered doormat with NOKO for 8 years was just part of the plan! Haven't you ever heard of "Good Cop, Bad Cop"? He brilliantly set Trump up for the win!"
~ CNN
The top that Crap need network has been spinning has looked like this for years
I think they have been exposed.  Most middle of the middle road main stream pro American democrats and Republicans are seeing through them and MSNBC after they have tried to destroy OUR PRESIDENT. Especially  with his fantastic job as president.
Hahaha! is someone paying you for your posts?
Yeah right I am a free thinker.        Having President Trump running the country is pay enough for me. Thanking the good Lord every day.                                                   USA would’ve never been the same if Hillary had gotten elected. How bad it could be!!
HA! A free thinker - who thanks the lord? Seriously God had nothing to do with Trumps election it was a bad combination of fear racism and Russian interference that gave us this modern day Hitler
You are just like the fake news.  Yell scream and call names to the president and do not have an ounce of proof. liberal logic 101.  Make no sense have no facts freak out until somebody believes you. U need to get out more & listen to some real news outlets. Not MSNBC or CNN.
Sure I can watch Hannity the guy who did business with Trumps lawyer and also made $$ of HUD while he demonizes people on welfare - talk about a reality check
Or maybe mad Max might  lay off the impeachment for at least say maybe 24 hours. That would be a start. A little peace  would help
Your mocking of @SenWarren is much appreciated. Have a good day Sir. #fakeindianssuck
Her name is Pocahontas
NO REAL NAME IS FAKE INDIAN. SHIVA IS THE ONLY REAL INDIAN RUNNING IN MASS FOR SENATOR.
If you live there vote her out !
I do not live there but time to time have sent donations to Shiva for Senate.
Gov. right now the far left MSM is searching their data-bases desperately trying to figure out some way of spinning this so that credit can be given to Obama.
Just like they did with the Great Economic Boom.
Bill Clinton did it when he gave NK 50 billion dollars-media was just a bit slow to cover it- better late than never
If Trump doesn't get one, we will know that it is a Globalist Agenda Prize.

On behalf of my late father, a Korean War Vet, I thank you @POTUS
Epic! It’s obvious that @realDonaldTrump is largely responsible for the Korea reconciliation and the Lame Dream Media for weeks ERRONEOUSLY predicted a total nightmare but now says almost nothing about this great new development. Doesn’t serve their purposes.
The Nobel Committee does not award the Peace Prize for golfing. 
Regardless of the handicap. 
Or raw dogging adult film stars.
I’ll give you a clue it’s in the name of the prize! He orchestrated peace between two countries at war for a very long time. Do you want a continued war?
We have yet to determine or heard why Obama got the award. Obama doesn't even know. It renders the prize meaningless.
It's not that you have yet to determine or hear, you're too wrapped up in partisan propaganda to acknowledge. 
The award was based on
"extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples"
And President Trump has orchestrated PEACE between two countries who have been in an endless war. Something no Presidnet before him or ANY OTHER leader has accomplished. It’s a moment in history that cannot be denied.
He's done no such thing, except perhaps in your imagination.
His actions have actually done more to undermine a peace agreement between the two Koreas. Between trade wars and pulling out of existing agreements.
Where and when did this fantasy orchestration occur?

They understand that dealing with a clueless, narcissistic personality requires finesse.
They are stroking a volatile, dangerous man who unfortunately for the world, finds himself in a position of power he is ill equipped for.
We’ve come further w Trump in 18mo than we came in ALL of bho being in the White House! The Nobel Peace prize became a NOTHINGBURGER when bho was GIVEN one! Maybe they WELFARED it to him for amassing more debt than every president before him COMBINED
Many of us are praying that this brings religious freedom to North Korea.
Lol!
Ha!!

#ThanksObama you know he is the one that arranged this peace deal. LMAO ok @potus I’m tired of winning #MAGA2020
Oh it’s so wonderful! So wonderful! He should get the Nobel Peace prize. What a worker he has an extremely excellent work ethic
Pres Trump SHOULD get a Nobel Peace Prize, since Obama got one for -absolutely doing nothing!!
Fake news media already trying to give all the credit to Kim’s sister. We all know it was president Trump who got the balm rolling and he will finish it. MAGA
Can he receive it from his jail cell?
Maybe at least you son can give him a lead pipe, I mean when he is finished using it to beat dogs. #HuckabeePsychopaths
no GvMike,some critics will ‘see the light’and realize they havent been fair-but some would rather that Kim Jong Un blew the earth of its axis with Nukes then have Trump Succeed.They were never afraid he would fail,they were afraid he would succeed
He could cure ALL the diseases in the world, bring peace to the entire world, & fabricate a real unicorn and the left would still hate him. They don’t even know why they hate him, other than they were told to hate him.  #TrumpDerangementSyndrome

Now here’s someone rewarded for doing nothing!
Nobel Peace Pipe. 
Let's see what Lizzy has to say.
It’s more likely that Maxine Waters will get it for being so pretty.

https://twitter.com/MSNBC/status/990709708192350209?s=19 …
Nope. They're still crazy with hate.
North Korea expert: Kim Jong un is "real driver" behind Korea summit https://on.msnbc.com/2KpsuQe 
People may wanna end the celebration early and focus on Iran and Syria. One ends and another begins. Our soldiers stay ready! So should we! Stay focused.
I don’t think @realDonaldTrump wants to smoke a peace pipe with Pocahontas. The way she acts her peace pipe must be full of marijuana or crack. A mind is a terrible thing to waste. She lost hers long ago.

I am so done with christians.....
You are aware that Reagan didn’t get a Nobel Peace prize for ending the Cold War. Do you really think Trump will be acknowledged by the Left-leaning outfit?
And they gave it to Obama for doing NOTHING! Seriously, what credibility do they have?
God Bless President Trump and his Family ! 
Especially the illegitimate children he fathered with pornstars!
Why are you being nasty / be nice
Tell that to the asshole in charge
Oh your mama - oh ok I will 
Trump really loves the uneducated huh Rhonda!
You ouhhta know
So you think @realDonaldTrump should get a Nobel Peace Prize for threatening Kim Jong Un with "My button is much bigger than yours"? #sycophant
I read a teeet where a Dem supporter actually gave Obama credit for this. Really? They also claimed improvement in economy and unemployment numbers were Obama’s doing. Reality check, please. Keep the change!
They cowered when he called Kim Jung Un “Little Rocket Man.” Such a statesman.
Trump getting a Nobel Peace Prize?
Right after your son David gets an award from the ASPCA.
"Peace pipe"?
Not content w/ insulting people, you manage to stereotype groups.
Stick to defending your lying progeny.
Trump is a subhuman piece of shit. I don’t care if he cured all childhood cancers, he’d still be a subhuman piece of shit.
Now that’s funny Gov!!  Love your humor.
Why is he responsible?  Because he watched it on TV the next day?  You guys will stroke Don's member for no reason whatsoever.  It's starting to get real sad.
The status of the Nobel Peace Prize is so tarnished, anyone could win it. Trump probably couldn’t care less. Actions speak louder than awards anyway. Who cares?
Easy answer- Nope. Haters just gonna hate. We accept it now.
Haha!! You are straight savage! Love it lol.
Elizabeth Warrens Indian name is "Dances with Idiots".
Warren just drowned in her tee pee


Lol! 
World is viewing history in the making and MSM/CNN is talking about slime ball Comey, a pornstar and Russia.
Obviously, she no smoke em
GOOD ONE!!!  ...
You are utterly incapable of saying anything positive without taunting and insulting someone -- usually a woman. Your grandchildren, unless you successfully turn them into racists, will grow up to be ashamed of you.
Sorry no, They handout Nobel Peace Prize like candy to MANCHURIAN candidates hellbent on Destroying our Great Nation.
A Nobel Peace Prize just doesn't mean Jack Shit since Bathhouse Barry Hussein won it for the sole accomplishment of being born half-black!
Lol
@CNN is saying it’s because of Kim Jung Un’s sister that they’ve made peace...They never cease to amaze me with their propaganda. 
If anyone thinks Pres. Trump will even be considered for The Peace Prize,  they are delusional.  Just as delusional as the Nobel Committee who awarded the Peace Prize to Al Gore and BEErok Hussein Obama after just two months into his first term.
You don't think that any of these grimy Democrats are going to give this President the respect and the credit owed for this do you? They're going to tell us that it's because of Obama. Because they are that delusional
See where @PressSec gets her wit.
I hope so, when you said crazy before I read @realDonaldTrump I was thinking #NorthKorea leader and how he finally managed to show compassion.  Did the #CIA sneak him #crazy #pills #prozac?  It is amazing they did this peacefully.  #divorce parents with #Children take notes.
Congratulations. You managed to take a positive moment, and inject divisiveness and bigotry into the conversation. Well done. #NorthKorea
They won’t give him credit.
Trump didn't do this for a prize

I vote peace pipe.
  :)
I'm sure she puffs on her peace pipe daily...
You people are delusional. @GovMikeHuckabee @JOHNLOU17
This is like if Twitter existed during Neville Chamberlain.
Yea, we're gonna need to find Churchill - asap.  @Shackelford423 @GovMikeHuckabee @JOHNLOU17
Why so mean spirited? The level of venom from someone who claims such moral and religious superiority is disappointing.
Venom and mean spirited?! I say lying about ones heritage to get into Harvard is a far worse offense than offering up a peace pipe. #EyeRoll
Yes it’s venom and mean spirited. It’s an ad hominem attack, unprovoked and not due to a direct statement from someone else.
How about compliment the president and NOT jab at Senator Warren. WWJD?
He does not deserve it unless he brings peace to Afghanistan and Syria where hundreds of innocent kids, women and men are brutally killed every month.

Elizabeth Warren can stick it right up her a—! FH#trumptraintaketheride
Warren has no peace pipe to lend 1) She isn't peaceful she is ALL Obstructiinist 2)She isn't native indian
dont hold your breath for the left to become human, they wont.
Speaking of Warren.....I would love to see her DNA profile.
@realDonaldTrump #NobelPeacePrize #MAGA

Well said Governor. Warren’s peace pipe would be in the miracle category.
He should either decline it because obamma sullied the award for all times OR accept and let the two leaders share the prize.
Hay Huckabee, Giving trump credit for the peace agreement is like giving the a**hole in the 27th row who shouts out derogatory comments to the opposing team the credit for the win. NK came to the table after their mountain caved after repeated nuclear underground tests.
No she can’t she’s a fake Indian, and it pisses off those of us who have real Indian in our blood!
You’re good. Great tweet.
I see where your daughter gets her brilliance and wit. 
Nothing must make you prouder than watching @PressSec knock it out of the park.
lol 
Don't you know crackheada never give up their pipes.
Garbage like this will cause the GOP to lose in November.

Very Good, I had no idea you could be funny till just now!
So many chances for bad jokes on this tweet but I live ya to much Governor.. I'll just say we live in historical times sir.. It almost feels like New Years Eve..

Maybe Sarah can just give him a piece?
@BrenowitzS @realDonaldTrump haters will still hate no matter what he does
#NobelPeacePrize - Obama received it for nothing more than being the first African American President. Well, if the committee’s requirements  have nothing to do with merit, then @POTUS should receive it for nothing more than being the first Billionaire President. Ridiculous!
Class
But wait according to #TheView it was all China and you know twitching Joy and her side kick senseless Sunny are experts on Trump.. so it must be true They’ll never understand #MAGA and when Trump is elected again they still won’t get it!! #WWG1WGA 
It’s obvious the haters will never acknowledge that Trump is outperforming the last several presidents. While he is certainly unorthodox, that is what is making a difference.  Rather than talk about it he is doing things others couldn’t.
He could cure AIDS and cancer all in the same day while simultaneously brokering a world peace deal and the left would still hate him
  pass the peace pipe  Pocahontas!!!
 @ peace pipe
Thats funny! Shes getting sued by a real native american!!!
Puck that mike. Trump can hive the Nobel Peace Prize but the Peace PIPE is MINE MINE MINE!!!!!!
Not funny about peace pipe, come on, congratulations to President Trump
It speaks volumes that Gov.Mike Huckabee..has given President Trump this high praise...Thank you Gov.Huckabee for your encouraging praise 
Biggest story of the Century! Amazing! Question DT? Not me!
Elizabeth Warren is in it for the wampum.
Her personal one.
She needs to give that loco weed a break!
College kids.
 You and your daughter both are hilarious. I love your tweets. 
Well put Governor....
Go Pres Trump!!!
Patriotism, loyalty, Courage , strength, truth, stamina, persistence, initiative, intellect, common sense , and a lot of brass..that is how they say he did it Pocahontas. No one had ever tried it before .
It will be a fake peace pipe.
I'm hopeful, but believe we should be cautious about this, as historic as it may be.
...yeah, she needs to hers (crackpipe) down!
Lol
Appalling but not suprising! More slurs & insults!WE DONT KNOW, YET, WHAT NK WANTS FROM TRUMP! What’s it going to cost to give Trump his day in the sun!? Trump threatened US with possible war! NK May be setting Trump up to lose face! Hope for PEACE, don’t gloat yet! @chucktodd
 savage #maga #winning
She definitely can't give him a piece of her mind! There's not much left!
If she gave him aPeacePipe, he should throw it down, step on it and Crush it into a Million Pieces! I'm part (25%) Choctaw Indian and I would love to do that for him! I would say he or I should throw it at her, but that's aThreat, so I can't/won't say that! E. W. is Despicable!
Or maybe Maxine can stop chanting "impeach 45"... NOT! She might still be thinking that Russia is invading No Ko... haha!
I'm more Indian than she is! Not sure how much, and possibly Mayan, too(or Aztec)
#WINNING
I'd be afraid of what Elizabeth Warren is smoking!
I wonder will @CNN @maddow @MSNBC @morningmika @Morning_Joe @joescarborogh @ABC @CBS @Acosta @MeetThePress  @NBCNews @ @FoxNews @TheView speak kindly of our duly elected Commander In Chief Or will they bash with HATE? Peace Through Strength is what works. #MAGA #WWG1WGA #KAG
President Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize  without a doubt! This is truly historic!

MLB team coming out with new trading card.
I hope he gets it. He deserves it.
LOL
YES FIRST TIME FOR SOUTH AND NORTH KOREA THAT I HAVE SEEN TALKING AT ALL ,BUT MUELLER SHOULD STOP THE WITCH HUNT SOMETHING GOOD IS COMING LET NORTH AND SOUTH KOREA MEET WITH TRUMP IS MUELLER STUPID CROOKED ENOUGH TO GO FORWARD I HOPE NOT ECONOMY BUSINESSES ALL HINGE ON TRUMP
Only if he buys one. He's large but not responsible. Smoke another Mike.
I don’t think the president wants a fake Indian peace pipe
Be careful, Pocahontas fills her peace pipes with "wacky backy".
Does not need an award. Was never about that. Was about getting things done. Would be great for North Korean people if they had peace.....and food.

Knock it off with the racism
No they will not acknowledge POTUS Trump they don’t have the _———- guts.
You are second to trump at how silly and funny you are...
You sir are an embarrassment to Arkansas and the United States
The left hands out the PPP, so no, he won’t get it like O did practically before he was in office just for existing, zero accomplishments
100%credit goes to President Trump for the change between NOKO n South Korea.

Rather than the #NobelPrize, I’ll settle for Mueller & the Gestapo DOJ wrapping up their goofy investigations. I am sure @POTUS agrees.
Can this be real?  Is the Korean War officially over????
Yes,Yes,Yes.

To God be the Glory
wow dude.  super racist.
And Bernie would smoke it.
GOV. HUCKABEE, I LOVE YOUR POSTS!!
Morelike totally responsible. For like 60+ years no one did had done anything. POTUS Trump said enough is enough.
I wouldn’t smoke that one!!!
Responsible for what? He did not do crap!
Our President is full of #DragonEnergy 
Calling for one leader to get a Peace Prize while insulting another leader. Classy.
Bet they say it was started by bho. He let them kill an American. POTUS got him home just before he died. We can forgive but never forget.
  it.  What a great sense of humor.
Peace pipe?  Bravo @POTUS Your leadership is showing other heads of state that the USA is back, leading ahead in the world!
Maybe Sarah will bake him a nice peace of Pecan pie?
Trump really??  Did he grab Kim by the .. oh never mind!
Obama clearly demonstrated, to get a Peace Prize one must do absolutely nothing!  Since Trump is doings so many great things to bring about world peace, there is no way he will get the Peace Prize.
Gov Huckabee,  really starting to like you and Ted Cruz, thanks to using twiter

Reeeeeee lolol
For what? F*king hookers?

Everyday you make me laugh .   Funny stuff
You are a creepy racist......no wonder Little Huck has turned out the way she did.....you are not funny......you should probably just keep your nasty words to yourself......REALLY SAD......
when will you die of autoerotic asphyxiation
Seems the LAST shots of WAR were Fired from North Korea - Killing one of its own people escaping to South. The NORTH is very hungry.....w/ all the U.S. & CHINA approved SANCTIONS.    Peace = food & medicines to starving North Koreans, eh?
Ok, I giggled at this one.

I'm holding my bet until we know whether Kim is done testing because *he thinks he has reached his goal*, or whether *he is ready to undo his armament*.

In the meanwhile, peace pipes all around :)
 Governor you crack me up! God bless President Trump and his heroic efforts! #TeamTrump #Deplorables
You are a disgusting and one racist mother fucker.  Guess we know where your daughter learned it.
Kind of a racist statement don't you think?
Troll level 100% accomplished. Next!
