Yesterday you attempted a "joke" about your colonoscopy & the death of Michael Jackson.  Today you try to draft off the faith of MLK.  Can't wait for tomorrow's gem!
But yet your still tuned in Mrs. Patty.
*you're
 the best they can EVER do is correct someone’s spelling!!!!  To bad they don’t believe in the US as much as they believe in good spelling!
"Too."
Prefect example!!!  Thank you for proving my point!!!! 
Bless your heart.
My heart is VERY BLESSED!!! Thanks! 
King didn't preach the gospel, Sir! He denied the bodily resurrection of our Lord and embraced the teachings and philosophy of Ghandi. #BeABerean
That's untrue.
Facts don't lie. Folk do!
MLKJ was a Baptist Preacher. I don't know how familiar you are with the Baptist Faith but the solid tenet is Christ born of a virgin, death by crucifixion, burial, and risen on 3rd day alive forevermore to buy believers' pardon from sin. Oh yes, MLKJ believed.
And I'm not sure how familiar you are with the doctrine of "intellectual assent". Just because a person SAYS they believe in something, doesn't make them a Christian. Demons have a better confession of faith than professing Christians, but they're still demons (Jas. 2:19).
He famously lead the Southern Christian Leadership. He was a follower of Christ and tried to live by his teachings. When he was young Sunday student he questioned but then as growing up he accepted and believed Christ. Mahatma Gandhi also followed Christ.
His whole and entire journey was achieving goals through Laws of Christ. He preached love and quoted Jesus Christ whenever he could. He only knew Mahatma Gandhi in the middle of his journey when non religious supporters told him it worked before with Gandhi.
You're deceived if you think a incessant adulterer, and woman abuser is a Christian. #NoGoodTreeBearsBadFruit
TexansWithTrump 
And today looting, burning, and attacking. Wish he could be here today maybe it would be better.
A riot is the language of the unheard.
A riot is an excuse to loot liquor stores, electronic stores, sporting goods and shoe stores, and DRUG stores. Interesting that they never ever loot book stores, knitting shops, Hallmark stores, bakeries,  libraries, florist shops.
do you still wish JFK were here?
The two most significant Americans of my lifetime are Ronald Reagan and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
oh dún é.
It's a shame that you and your daughter have chosen to live your lives in a manner so different from that of Dr. King. Instead, you have become champions of inequality and divisiveness. Shame on you both.

#FakeChristians
Bless your heart...
You should try the Gospel of Christ some time. I understand He even forgives pharisees who genuinely repent.
And scribes. Not sure if trolls are safe. Better stay under your collective bridges. BLOCKED
Dr. King was a conservative man. A man of God. A principled man of peace who's simply believed in equality of opportunity for all. That's about as far from the Democrat Party as you can get today.
Neither am I ashamed. Thank you JESUS
No. Don't. Just do go there you hypocrite.
shaddup fool 
He would not have liked you one bit.
I disagree. Dr. King was not 1 dimensional.
Take off those horrible blinders, please. See clearly.
Oh so you like non-violent protest now? Like at NFL games? 
When u ”peacefully protest” you do it in a way that DOESN’T disrespect the very people you want to hear the message! 
Like the young people that sat at the lunch counters?
Hm, wonder if Roy Moore is in this picture?
Amen
Democrats shot him cause he was about to walk his flock down the GOP trail
I believe he was a republican and a gun owner. Or so I hear.
Yet your overall feed, with its snark and deeply disrespectful comments, clearly reflects a lack of compassion—let alone an understanding of the teachings of Jesus.
SAD.
WTF would a southern Baptist know about the gospel of Christ? You're about as far removed from the teachings of Christ as possible. Thou shall not lie, you lying pile.
He also fought for equal voting rights, which the GOP in most states is actively against to this day. He fought to expand unionization & for living wages. He fought against police brutality, as well. All in the name of his faith. Stop virtue signaling when you do the opposite.
U r wrong ....some in all Faith's, colors, political parties, yes. Most Americans n arepublicabs, NO. U don't speak 4 me.
Dr. King would be ashamed of you, just like Jesus is. You are complicit with evil. You sold your soul to the empire for 30 silver coins.
You don’t know Jesus if you write that he is “ashamed” if anyone!
And he was denied his basic 2A from a Democrat governor.
Lmao please continue to act as if Republican and democratic platforms are still the same.

Whatever makes you feel better, snowflake 
The "party switch" bullshit is a myth. But whatever makes you feel better snowflake
This is what kills me about conservatives who blatantly lie or cherry pick history. Either democrats are still the party that supported slavery, or we are the snowflake party that cares too much about social justice.

Pick one, ignoramus.
Amen.
mike fuckabee
You don’t have the right to speak his name. You are the embodiment of everything he fought against.
I must tell you. I have heard the Governor preach. You are in error in your belief.
Your opinion is duly noted and filed. I’ve heard him speak too and stand by what I said. Now go away.
MLK was on the left. Ya know who was on the right? The racists, segregationist who hated that black people were demanding their rights. So MLK is/was/and forever will be a leftist. Same as Fredrick Douglass and others that fought for rights like this.
No doubt at all that our world would be a much better place if Dr King wasn't taken so soon. #MLK50
Haven't seen one African American even TRY to take up Dr Kings cause, n things have just gone downhill for AAs since then. Very sad 4 them.
Maybe you will be so bold as to echo his words:
And then Trump was elected and ruined all of MLK’s hard work. Instead he encourages violence and racism.
You disingenuous hack you are not worthy to say his name or his message

Amen
You’re a disgusting racist and awful person raising a new generation of awful lying racists and dog torturers.
He did speeches as well. Stop trying to play his legacy.
MLK would have despised you and your daughter.
Dr. King would have been 100% behind the NFL players taking a knee. What would you be saying about him if he were alive now?
...you should be ashamed
What is it with you GOP Wing Nuts? A few days a year you march out some platitude for someone of Color....Pretty insincere after supporting an agenda that oppresses minorities the remainder of the time...
With this faith we will be able to hue out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to suffer together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day"
This is the faith that I commend you Christians, here in Berlin, a living, active, massive faith, that affirms the victory of Jesus Christ over the world; whether it be an Eastern world or an Western world.....
This is the faith that let us face our daily crucifixion, in the knowledge that God's world is changed thru resurrection and there can be no resurrection without crucifixion.....
The gospels speak directly and in parables about the responsibility which we have for one another, regardless of the differences of race and nation. So it is not difficult for us to go a step further and assume that whatever reconciliation has taken place,....
Exerpts from King's 1964 E. Berlin sermon: "For here on either side of the wall are God’s children and no man-made barrier can obliterate that fact. Regardless of the barriers of race creed ideology or nationality, that is an inescapable destiny, which binds us together.,,,,
Yup, that aspect of King is NEVER shown.  EVER.
he would NOT have liked you at all
And all u ,Sanders, & trump preach is hate bigotry & white supremacy..
#MLK50th #MLK50 
Keep Dr. King's name outta your mouth. #NotTodaySatan
Another hypocrite who has nothing in common with Dr. King. I'm not even sure you're the same species.
Yes, and he lived what he shared, unlike all of you in the @GOP, especially @PressSec
I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Christ either but Republicans don't follow it! that's what makes me sick
Black Christians are the best Christians!
*assassinated
May his word continue to shine.
Mike, you left out for America the most important legacy was 'Not judge by color of skin but character'. Our nation falling apart yesterday due to mass ignorance of MLK's most important message. But, as you imply the Bible is hardly into 'seeing color first' either
Is it true he was consistently unfaithful to his wife?
JESUS GETS YOU KILLED IN THIS N.W.O. AS IT IS WRITTEN AS IT IS
GFY
Amen’
Ahmen.
as you are not ashamed of the Gospel of tRump. Shame.
He also was a pro-life Republican.   Not mentioned by main street media, ever!

True but that poor bastard would be crucified in today’s world as an Uncle Tom and he’d probably be assasinated again but this time by his own entourage. A Malcom x deal
Then the anti MLK arrived and after 8 short years ....destroyed race relations in america.  Thanks Barry !
And nobody reads his books...
Sadly, many Christians were ashamed by Dr. King at the time. Particularly white evangelicals. Glad to see God working a redemption on this subject.
MLK was not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, but he would have been outraged by the “gospel” you spew.
And he stood for everything you hate
He would’ve hated you id imagine
The two of you took such different paths . . .
Oh and this gem really delves in to how you feel about nonviolent protests
New name for old magazine- @SInow   will become "Sports ELIMINATED."  Kaepernick gets Ali award.  Heck, I've played in as many NFL games this year as he has, but then he's done a lot to destroy @NFL so makes sense.  https://www.si.com/sportsperson/2017/11/30/colin-kaepernick-muhammad-ali-legacy-award?utm_campaign=sinow&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&xid=socialflow_twitter_si …
Hmmmm I just feel you're bullshitting for some reason. Why is that?
Why won’t a team hire Colin Kaepernick? Same reason a hospital wouldn’t hire Typhoid Mary-when you kill off your customers U go out of biz!
Didn’t he get caught fooling around on his wife? That can cause major violence.
Don’t try to claim MLK or his message.  You’re a vile racist to the core.
Jesse, I'm a dam crook, Jackson does not fit that description!
Go back and read that Gospel--you self serving, self righteous jerk!
Martin Luther King was a crusader for Christ. This is a white male saying it. I'm also a conservative.
He changed the world...for the worse.
He changed the world...for the worse.
He would be horribly ashamed of you and your lying bioch daughter.
Governor, give me a break lol. The guy was a lying, plagiarist, womanizing communist. He is a phony leader just like Mandela.
You might try reading & then abiding by the Gospels of Christ instead of preaching hate & intolerance.
And people like you were vilifying him...
Thank you for sharing!
I loved his messages of working to love one another. He never preached hate.
Hallelujah to Jesus the Son of the Living God!
Seems like centuries ago when people weren’t afraid to proclaim the word GOD 
I highly doubt he would have hung with you, ever.
When did he ever once actually preach the Gospel and the Cross?  He preached social justice and social change, not forgiveness of sins and spiritual salvation through the blood of Christ.
How wonderful of you to show MLK support with a tweet when you live your life in direct opposition for what he stood for. You are a hypocrite.
Finally, you post a comment that I can agree with. You didn't lie for or kiss the backside of 45.
Huckabee however should be ashamed for using "the Gospel of Christ" to spread hate and lies.
Who did that anyway?

Askin for a friend
King's economic/welfare policies were socialist. . . he was not infallible
Reading that from you is nauseating with how you conduct yourself & attack people in print or on Fox. 
#hypocrite
“In contrast to ethical relativism, Christianity sets forth a system of absolute moral values and affirms that God has placed within the very structure of this universe certain moral principles that are fixed and immutable.” –Martin Luther King, Jr.
But there are no statements either during his educational career or in his work as a civil rights leader and preacher that would suggest he ever changed his liberal views of the doctrines. - Be Scofield
If at any point he changed his views and became an orthodox Christian, he might have at least once claimed that Jesus was his savior, the Bible was the literal word of God, or non-Christians would go to hell.
King had numerous opportunities to express his understanding of Jesus, the Bible, and Christianity with his many sermons, books, interviews, and writings.
He also said King may have found creative ways to avoid expressing his unorthodox views, as he was trained in a liberal seminary but served a Baptist congregation.
Dr. Clayborne Carson, a world-renowned King scholar and director of the King Papers Project at Stanford, told me that he had not seen any documentary evidence of a later shift in King’s thinking from his early views on Christian doctrines.
At this point a few important questions can be asked. Did King’s views on the Christian doctrines while in seminary change later in his life? He was ordained as a Baptist minister. Would he not have chosen a different denomination if his views were so liberal?
Hypocrite
You need to run for president after Trump is done..... you continue to be the voice of Common Sense and reason out there in this world of idiots
And a Registered Republican!
And your ancestors wanted him silenced and/or dead. You know, like you want #BlackLivesMatter.
No, Ms. Huckabee, he was unlike #GOP4Putin, not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ.
In short, the opposite of you. Unfortunately you are still alive 50 years later.
But, unlike you he preached about peace, acceptance and freedom. You on the other hand are on the side of a President that was publicly endorsed by the KKK and Neo-Nazi groups, you can never claim to be a Christian again.
Im white and love what MLK stood for. He was an amazing person.
Gov. Mike Huckabee. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr was "not" ashamed of the "Gospel of Christ." A Gospel Preacher  He Was; who left his Mark upon America and the World. 50 years ago today... We memorialize this man who preached and spoke to all of non-violence Let us remember himtoday
Keep his name out of your mouth
Shame that no one ever came close to following his mission in the black communities. He was so charismatic and powerful and the world was truly blessed to have him even for a little while.
You have no right to talk about MLK - you are and your supreme leader are racist pieces of shit.
Yes, but he also did not prevert it to suit his agenda.  Allowing behavior due to being born again is no excuse for what is happening with administration.  Jesus did not teach us to hate, he did not take money from the poor, he certainly did not attack women..
He was a great believer in loving each other. My Dad taught me about Dr. King and he was a great influence on my Dad's ministry and my own. That's the first time I ever saw my Dad cry. They day they killed Dr. King. We we're blessed to have had him.
And he walked the walk. A true Christian acts Christ~like. 

Unlike yourself, your daughter, Pence, and trump. Y’all use religion as a guise and justification for your hate and bigotry. 

Oh, and then there’s y’all’s problem with lying.
MLK Jr is an American hero and so courageous

And white people hated him.
He also applied for and was denied by the FBI a concealed carry permit. He would not be able to support os relate at all with the identity politics and hatred of America demonstrated by the new DNC. He was then and would be now opposed to FBI corruption. We need Dr. King NOW.
You saying his name   Makes me sick
Where’s the stupid joke? Did I miss it?
He likes slapping prostitutes around and cheated on his wife, no one ever discusses the reality of his failings as all humans have.
And you have proof of this allegation?
RIP Dr Martin Luther King 
@PattyHarbison lighten up. Amen @GovMikeHuckabee & right on 
I feel honored that I got to spend 11 days in Israel with his niece Alveda King. He truly was a man of God. I love that he said a man should be judged by his character not his color
