
.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
She is the picture of wisdom, beauty and grace!

SHS , what an amazing woman , I know her dad is as proud of her as the rest of us are ! BTW PATRIOTS  it’s 2:00 , Shepard , Trump Slamming , Gay-Rod , Smith is on , time to change channels ...
Yep, Fox Business it is.
Lol , yes Fox Business is my choice every day at 2:00 pm
Yes because Shep is on
Shepard Smith , 54 years old ... Smith’s boyfriend is 29 years old ... Sick !
Started out as a PK (preacher's kid), was Governor's daughter and raised in Christian standards.  She has been in war all her life.
You and your wife must be proud. You raised a strong, beautiful, courageous daughter. So many of us  admire her!  Thank you 
God Bless your wonderful daughter Governor. She is a Class-Act who handled herself with dignity in a vicious despicable attack that was sickening!
if your daughter didn’t lie so much, maybe she’d get a little more respect. You trained her well to lie..  totally disgraceful. but then as a fake #christian you’ve had a lot of practice #gop
She lies every single day.
John 15 18 "If the world hates you, remember that it hated me first. 19 If you belonged to the world, it would love you as it loves its own. But I have chosen you out of the world, so you don't belong to it. That is why the world hates you.
We love her !!! She is true class !!!
Awwwwww.........Sarah lies daily!  I get it!  It's her job.  (I wouldn't do it). Comedian hired to make jokes...... TRAGEDY!!!!!  See any double standard here?
When was she attacked. We are attacked every day by the lies put out by her and her boss - are you seriously trying to say she is a victim?
You should of taught your daughter as she was growing up that lying is a sin and the bible says a liar is no better then a thief.  everytime she gets in front of the press, your daughter lies through her teeth
They #MainstreamMedia try, & try, & try, but Sarah handles it all with confidence and courage.  Bless you Sarah!  You have my admiration.
I thought Michelle Wolf was amazing! Your daughter is absolutely repulsive with her constant lies. She is a shame & embarrassment to this great nation!
So proud of Sarah Sanders
Sara Huckabee Sanders is a class act....she exuded nothing but grace and poise as Michelle Wolf displayed classless, crude, and screeching behavior.  As my mom taught me, I shall say a prayer for Wolf....it really must suck to be her.
Your daughter is amazing. Unflappable and a great role model for so many.
That was no ambush - it was comedy. The crap that your daughter spews, the LIES & personal attacks against the free press aren't jokes or comedy. Sarah is a threat to this nation! SHE'S A LIAR covering up for another LIAR & you condone it! SHAME, SHAME, SHAME!
I thought is was hilarious lol your a loser @GovMikeHuckabee couldn't even beat a TV game show host to the presidency #snowflakes
Wolf didn’t say anything about SHS faith or looks. She called her a liar which she is. and a disappointment because she uses her position to push a misogynistic agenda. A good parent realizes when their kid is chastised for the things they do that are wrong.
lmao at him calling it an ambush attack.  Has he literally never watched the correspondents' dinner before?  The Huckabees need a safe space from the mean joke teller.
Sarah Sanders was gracious and looked radiant in her blue gown. There’s no future for a comic that has no talent. Lying media put Wolf up to this crap - misery loves company!
Says daddy.
Mike your daughter is a fantastic person. As if you didn’t already know that 
Ambush attack? LMAOOOOOOOO

How often have you called someone a “snowflake,” Mike?
Sarah has class. Unlike the MSM.
Aunt Lydia’s dad
Sarah is a true patriot & one classy lady! The left are jealous of her and that the word “class” can never be used to describe them! I can think of some choice words for them but we don’t sink to their level! So embarrassing & disgusting for our country!
So according to Mike Huckabee:

Poking fun at his daughter's constant lying is a MASSACRE.

His son torturing and slowly murdering a dog for fun and sexual excitement is no big deal y'all!
Apple does not fall far from the termite infested tree!
Do not take revenge...but leave room for God’s wrath, for it is written: “It is mine to avenge; I will repay,”says the Lord. On the contrary: “If your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give...drink. In doing this, you will heap burning coals on his head.” Rom12:19-20
You have every reason to be a very proud father!
Beautiful picture! Hi Sarah! WE LUV YOU! You truly are beautiful in every way!
Great and accurate description of Sarah!!!! Nothing but class!!! Hopefully, other humans will get this!!! Stand strong, have forgiveness, an power to pray for others that have wronged you! God Bless America
I love @PressSec she is a super hero, smart and beautiful. You must be one of the proudest dads in the world.
Yes, that's Sarah!!! A great person & a great press secretary!!@


Perfect answer! Love Sarah. 
"Sarah Sanders was smiling. She owned it. I asked her about the attack and she shrugged with a smile and just said the attacks didn’t bother her and that she’s praying for the comedian.”
Sarah is a classy lady!  Can't say that for the comedian+
Beautiful and strong, you did good raising this daughter of yours,  @GovMikeHuckabee
Wonderful article and true
I AGREE
Sir, you have raised a lion tamer who is also very classy! Hope you are as proud as we are of her!
Sarah is a class act!
Aunt Lydia is a paid liar.
Sarah is pure class.  Love her and support her!
Now that girl was paying attention in Sunday school. Returning good for evil. She also knows how to use the jaw bone of an ass. Amazing woman.



Huckabees', even when killing puppies, they are always the victims...
You're a piece of shit, she's a piece of shit & every decent American just wants to flush you both. Stop acting like you have a right to be offended by the truth.
Wonderful accurate article.

Class reaction by Press Sec.

Sarah Huckabee is the Propaganda Queen. Every soldier that has fought against tyranny and authoritative regimes would throw up in their graves knowing Huckabee lies and deceives the American public.
Let's get @GovMikeHuckabee and @PressSec "a pony, popsicle and Playdough to cope."
#MAGABYDOTS
How does an organization with all that money hire a C list, 2 bit, untalented hack?
@PressSec Just my opinion... You brought the only grace and dignity to the press association dinner. Stay the course...
Snowflake Sarah need a safe space?
We live @PressSec Sarah & found no humor or class in the #WHCD & the tasteless attacks made in the form of humor. Those jokesters need to find new careers...
*LOVE @PressSec ... typo
I assume we're getting "The Watergate of Decency" soon then, possibly followed by "The Presidential Resignation of Decency"
One thing a passive aggressive surely doesn’t like is being confronted w their bad behaviour and remarks.Wolf surely has egg on her face,w only person backing her up-@kathygriffin RICH
Chewbacca has never been graceful
Wow. Bold move to get in front of the reuse of “Saturday Night Massacre” Mike. The end is nigh.
She is great
All females who are "ladies" LOVE @PressSec .. A true "lady" with so much class. Keep up the great work Sarah.
that would be the same gathering that tough-guy diaper don trump is too chickensh#t to attend, right? All those snowflake-y conservative feelings are SO hurt? ...but you support a loudmouth who insults and denigrates his enemies AND friends? 
You need #jesus
I have watched and listened to Sarah, with her grace, class and gentle spirit, and would expect nothing less of her.
Given the countless hours you’ve spent lying to the world and claiming Jesus while you’ve done it—I think you got off easy
Most of us loved it.The audience seemed 2 be having a good time & the only people there who were unanimously not wanted were the ones 2 the left of the podium.Speaking truth to power isn't a disaster especially in the presence of a @PressSec who hates the press & is paid 2 lie.
What we need are more Virtuous Women like Sarah Sanders, her children and family should be proud.
A class act!!
She has a father that actually stands up for her (in public and in private).  Daughters can conquer the world IF they have that from their parents (especially their fathers).


"Every week you stand in front of a microphone and willingly perpetuate falsehoods that do great harm to millions of people.

As a Christian that has to be rough—or maybe it isn't."

…
Sarah is great while Wolff is garbage.
Snowflake
YOU GO SARAH!!!
GOD HAS YOUR BACK!
Your daughter is a marvel. Bless her.
Poor stand up comedian got high and wrote her bit. Then presented to an audience for no laughs. A simple case of Opioid addiction.Not funny to sane people.
Bull! "Poor Sarah" just another spin from the WH that they probably were hoping for. The way Sarah dishes it out she doesn't need sympathy.
Be quiet you #Nincompoop
Easy to tell why she sounds like a drunk 3rd grader.  Shes an asskiss just like you.
Sarah is a champ and as her father you are right to come to her defense, I would lose respect for you if you didn’t. Doesn’t mean you don’t honor her as a grown professional woman but she’ll always be your little princess!
Well done Sarah Huckabee Sanders, you make us all humble!

You need to look in the mirror and accept how you’ve failed your children. Your daughter massacres decency & burns facts every time she gives a press conference.  You have failed miserably as a father yet you all claim to be Christians...disrespecting the American people & God!
Let it go. She got everything she deserved. You don’t get to hold a comedian to a higher standard than the POTUS. Maybe if you actually criticized Trump for his bullying you’d have a leg to stand on over daughter dearest.
God Bless you Sarah!
What happened? Did someone compare her to Rosie O'Donnell? Or Alicia Machado? Or Megyn Kelley? Or Carly Fiorina?
Sarah is a Trump republican liar, a Trump villain to hurt us.
Dude said massacre LMFAO
You got to be soooo proud of your daughter governor! Bless you for raising such a lady and class A person.
God bless Sarah
God bless Sarah!
We stand with Sarah. May God Bless and protect her.
Lolz, “massacre” - you mean like when Lil Davie killed that dog?? You know what they say - The dog killing apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.  #proudpapahuck
What does it mean when someone says ‘I moved on her like a bitch?’  The Queen of Hypocrisy is asking .....  
And come on Mike, Sarah does do a nice smokey eye.  The joke wasn’t about that, it was about burning facts and lying. #likefatherlikedaughter
Your awesome Sarah

Decency?  Seriously?  Like these “decent” people?  Hypocrite.
Ms. Sanders is so confident.  I feel pretty sure she was aware of the viper pit into which she was walking.  She 's the caliber of person needed in DC.  She takes after her father.
Oh my. They made a make up joke.
Sarah had a great response to Adam Schiff question.Zing!
You raised one classy, smart woman!
Ambush???!! She should be looking over her shoulder every second of every day. To take a paycheck for LYING every single day on the job is an outrage. She is  a disgrace. My tax dollars pay her salary. Disgusting.
"Ambush attack"? Have you never seen a #WHCD ?
PressSec is Beautiful and smart
Bravo PresSec. You are very wise and full of wisdom
1/ I think its great you wanna have a discussion about civility. Lets start w/criticizing womens looks. lets start with trump discussing carly fiorinas looks. did you say anything when trump criticized carly fiorinas looks during the campaign?
She is a beautiful, intelligent girl.  She is doing an amazing job besides being a wife and mother to three toddlers.  The horrible way she was treated was because of pure jealousy I’ll bet.  Those people who act that way are a little low on the IQ scale.
You and your wife raised a class act!
Fuggly!! But as Sarah huckabee says “get a sense of humor”.  So I find her smokey eyes of lies funny 
You raised a very gracious lady Governor!
She is fast becoming a national treasure,, & is clearly an 
@PressSec’s character reflects her exemplary upbringing!
Look, it was just locker room talk, don't be a drama queen about it.
It's funny how all you conservatives spent the last two years talking about snowflakes and you're the biggest fucking snowflake of them all...
The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree...she had a father like you to role model grace for her!!!
Wait...an ambush? As she was the person selected to represent  @POTUS because he can't deal with criticism.  FYI the joke was about her ability to lie and smokey eye shadow.  

Next time you say your own comedy styling please remember your bs.

Hard to respect a woman who lies on behalf of Trump.
Sarah is a class act!!
Sarah is true class and grit!! We love her 
Amazing LADY!!!
Now you know how other people feel when you try to be funny on their account.
We love & admire your daughter beyond measure. She’s a sweetheart & absolutely beautiful inside & out. Her eyes are sooo soulful & gorgeous especially. ‘Ya done raised a diamond  Governor! 
#WeHuckabees/Sanders
She is “class and dignity.”
One class act...you must be a proud dad...I know we are
Such class and beauty! We  Sarah!!
She’s awesome
She sure is,but i dont like ppl taking shots at her
Me neither
So many journalists should have their licenses revoked. #journalismcorruption
We love Sarah. She is one of the strongest professional women we know. God bless her.
Sarah Huckabee is always the definition of class, she showed the left liberal MSM in the room who was the bigger person and stood her ground and graciously responded when asked about it afterwards. We all need to pray for that comedian, at least that is what she calls herself.
“Sarah Huckabee is always the definition of class” 

Hey Haw class, maybe.
Aw, Huck....you offended by someone calling your daughter out for all the lying she does?? Well, fruit doesn't fall far from the tree, minister!! After all, she did learn it by following you on the campaign trail.
You must be the most proud Dads in the world, Mike
Such class. A True Christian, turned the other cheek.
Classy
Love her and what a great job she does!!
She’s the best!  A great example of what a woman should be. So sorry she had to go through that, but Sarah gave us all a lesson in grace.
Mike, you steel from parishioners and your daughter lies.  You could do better.
Love Sarah
Classy LADY! Of course the left don’t know what a lady is. Proud of Our President and his staff. GREAT JOB!
She is a girl, right?
Daddy upset his little girl got roasted?
I love Sarah....such a smart beautiful woman inside and out.
Pure class. A great, talented, serious journalistic talent
You can be proud of that girl Governor.
Hi Huck... November is coming, and you guys are going...your "White Privilege" is  over...people of color, and women will end your run of hate.
She is one classy lady.
God Bless You Sarah! Pray for our enemies...you are a good witness for Jesus!!!
Thanks!
She's a women with grit. She can handle it. Kindness kills
What a great person SHS is. A class act.
I love @PressSec!
America loves Sara.....
But can’t spell her name.
Great that Sarah was "praying for the  comedian".
Yeah... STFU.
Sarah you are an outstanding example of professionalism, a strong & intelligent woman, thank you for showing America we will prevail obstacles. Hurrah for the strong women of America!!!
She’s my hero!
Sarah is a class act! Just like Gov. Huckabee.  God Bless both of you!
What pisses me off about the attack on Sarah Huckabee sanders, is that NOT ONE PERSON STOPPED THAT BITCH AND TOLD HER TO GET OFF THE PODIUM!!!!  Whether THEY WERE NOT LAUGHING OR NOT, NOT ONE OF THOSE FACT NEWS REPORTERS INSTANTLY CAME TO HER RESCUE!  THAT IS TRUELY SAD!!!
there is evil all around and in our Gov....we need to exterminate them......Vote them out 2018 mid terms!!!!!  Clean house America!!!!!!!
She's vile human garbage, full of nothing but rage and lies. She wasn't attacked on Saturday, she was accurately described. She deserves prison, but eternity in Hell will do fine
Sarah is a beautiful person both inside and out!! You should be so proud of her!!

Bravo Sarah!
Now that is a real women. Grace for your attackers. God bless you Sarah
Sarah is a very classy lady!
We love Sarah.
Oh my god, it’s a massacre now?!? You really did raise a little snowflake, huh? Like father, like daughter, I suppose.#dramaqueen
