Why don't you share insights on the deal with the devil you and Sarah made to lie and deceive every day to support a crooked lying failed businessman on his 3rd wife who screws porn stars, won't condemn nationalists, and won't protect the US from electronic warfare?
The left is hysterical.
Thanks. I'm an ex Republican so left is inaccurate. One of the few fiscal conservatives that are not mindless cattle. What did i say above that is untrue?
Vote for Life vote Republican!
Open borders to the entire world
Is what the democrats are for!! You are right sir!! This is the point I have been trying to make, this will be the end of our county’s way of life when billions of people in strife are allowed to come unchecked as the left would allow!
Mind you @StephenEJordan This is supposed to be a highly religious man who is now the premium troll and a wannabe stand up comedian. Then again all he and people like him only claim religion without living it.
#Happy420
The only insight you have arrived in. the form of a fart
Agreed
Sounds like a fascist state no?
The Starbucks episode is a Joke, store policy buy something then you can sit down and enjoy your beverage like everybody else! They were loitering and disobeyed a police order to leave! Now they're on TV shows treated like royalty, they are geniuses!
Starbuck didn't close it's doors #REFUSAL to give coffee to police officers 
#DOUBLESTANDARDS MUCH!
Brilliant? Hahahahaha
LOL.. while Starbucks is doing "sensitivity training", maybe they could do law enforcement respect training as well.
Demand national E verify
Lol!! 
Starbucks gives anti racist lectures. Something you and your buddies should have taken a long time ago
Hahahaha. Let’s all make fun of racism. We’re white and “Christian” so the concerns of black people are just a joke to spiritual leaders like @govmikehuckabee, right!

That’s cruel and usually unfunny punishment.
Haha! A day that will go down in history.
Good job Govenor!
Hey comrade how about that stock market and gas prices. Keep up the good work. Fall sweep. Tick tock tick Tock tick tock
Watching
Giv. You are the man!
Liberal Bias Starbucks
Hee,hee,good one.
See what police do to #iraniangirls be our voice

Can you share the insights on why your son killed a dog?

There is nothing wrong with diversity training. The Bible teaches it, and Jesus taught too fellow Gentile
I can’t imagine you could have any “brilliant “ insights.
That's why I got my covfefe earlier. I knew it was gonna be closed. Cause I'm a psychic...
#TrumpsPsychic #covfefe
;)
I take it you didn't want to help my husband correct the Comey reopening of the Clinton email investigation Narrative..He does have some evidence that survived his deleting of his actions. They have enough information within them to prove the point.
Whose insights? Cause yours sure aren't "brilliant."
Companies forcing employees to watch something that has nothing to do with their beliefs. Should be interesting. Starbucks is the guilty party.
Lol 
Too bad Shariabucks isn’t closing for good.
Ha! Love it!
That’s the ONLY way to get people to tune in.
Poor taste again.
I hope you’ll apologize for you’re totally insensitive “joke” about being sucked out of an aircraft window.
Make is a joke of a Christian, actually, a fake one.
Good morning sir have a good Friday sir. 
Must be weird to be so despicable, and not be the worst Huckabee
"Share brilliant insights" = "spew nonsensical propaganda"

In case you were wondering where She-Huck got it from.
It should be pumped into the senate as well
What a weird post. It doesn't also have a picture of you leaning on a fence.
starbucks the days without customers #Trump curse

https://youtu.be/sDLFgQZa2TA 
 
#EnjoyTheShow ....

…
You have no insights. Certainly not any brilliant ones.
Brilliant?  Check your ego at the outhouse door.
they can stay closed for all i care
