Wouldn't waste my time reading that crap 
Funny,  That was spot on.    Nothing.
You really are a bitter old man. You should get a life.
Every time you tweet, your daughter’s stupidity becomes more understandable.
OMG!  Lovely!

"where your sponsors"
#IdiotTweet  as usual.... #UnFunny going on #StateMedia daily!
Morally unfit to be POTUS?  Where does getting a blowjob from an intern in the Oval Office fit in presidential morality?
Be prepared to talk a lot...that show is pretty much commercial-free now.
30 seconds is all what anything you have to say is worth, Huck.

You are such a religious hypocrite! Perhaps you need to be investigated! Jealous of a former FBI agent? 850,000 books... people want to know!
Why don't you do a segment of Sarah's lies??    That would be hilarious!!!!
Looking forward to it, Governor!
You're my homey Mike Huckabee.
You make me laugh every day.
Who gives a duck?
Mike I hope you didn't actually buy that book?

Be prepared to talk. She doesn't get to go to commercial any more...unless it's that chomo My Pillow guy.
You wish you are the man James Comey is. A true patriot unlike you and the rest of the GOP
Oh yeah!  I’m just sure he’d like to be like Comey!  Wouldn’t we all! 
Love you and your daughter governor Mike! God bless you and your family!

Her ratings are up 20% 
With very little commercials.
Means more time for LI

My eyes!!!
Saw Comey's book tonight at Barnes & Noble marked 30% off list...40% for members.
Shame on you Huckabee. You refer to the #Constitution & then criticize @RandPaul, one of the staunchest defenders of the Constitution? The POTUS can not bomb anyone, anywhere, at any time! The power to initiate war is explicitly reserved for Congress in the Constitution! #Pompeo
One ass on another assessment show. You deserve each other.
Can't miss this
Love you & your daughter!  Love Laura and her show and watch you on TBN!  Blessings!


You should take your comedy on the road, Huck.  I think you’d b a big hit with the Bible Thumpers , Homophobes, and towns that haven’t gotten electricity or running water yet

Love you and you must be very proud of daughter
Are you being sarcastic?
No I really think Sarah is a great person and love when mr huckabee speaks.  My opinion for sure
Your misguided opinion. Frankly,  I don't understand you. They're both habitual liars and hate mongers.
Trump is changing this country. Check out your own tax forms next year( should be easier) see how people@enjoy the@crumbs no tax up to 2500   How’s your 401 acct doing. What about unemployment. How bout trade. Illegal immigration down. Food stamps down. As infinitum
The economy was improving for almost 8 years before Trump took office but his trade policy is fixing that. The huge deficit he has helped create will cause inflation in time for people like you to blame it on whoever replaces him in Jan, 2021. And the Huckabees are still liars.
Your opinion  mine is vastly different. So be it. I donated to America first and republicans  will do so again and will vote republican again - by the way are you a socialist ?
Comedy gold!
Jim WHO?
Hahahahahaha...I love your sense of humor!
Funniest tweet of the day. Thank you Governor!
Hi there, governor! Will be watching you from Texarkana 
Setting DVR...for 30 seconds.
Hey @GovMikeHuckabee @FoxNews once all the money laundering stuff goes to the courts and your man @seanhannity is named in court I would think your horrible attempt at humor would stop.  Are you and @IngrahamAngle the same kind of fake Christian?  Is your daughter going to jail?

Hahaha
You Huckabees are all hilarious.

And by hilarious I mean disgraceful.

Really? That long? Kinda being generous there ain’t you?
Sorry, Suckabee, but Comey has more credibility than you do.
Lol.  Your tweets are so entertaining!

I'm sorry it took you so,long to get a grip on what  Commy wrote in his book ..That has to be a world record




THE WORLD’S LAUGHING AT YOU MIKE !!!
NO SON !!! 
NO DOGS  
NO KNIVES OR ROCKS TO KILL DOGS IF THERE HAPPENS TO BE ONE THERE ... 
ARE YOU CONSIDERED ONE OF LAURA INGRAHAM ADVERTISERS?? 
Love the title of the book 


see you there!
Who fucking cares?
Will never take my precious time I have left to read lies and more lies
Will watch
Lol....me loves Huckabee!
Got to see this.
Check out my new book The House That Hillary Built. It’s a political twist on The House That Jack Built. You might be amused! https://www.amazon.com/House-that-Hillary-Built/dp/1986664376 …
That's what she said.
You’re going to have a difficult time filling that slot. Just talk really slow.
You’re a fucking idiot

Sorry mike,,I don't watch@ingrahamangle ever,,she laughed about children suffering in chemical attack.
No interest in reading the book want the comb in cuffs. Waiting for that day. Willing to travel to sit in court while he is arraigned for Lying and leaking classified info
@comey

That’s 30 seconds too long.
Maybe
Honey a racial attack. These right wing fake preachers are just as racist as the trailer park red necks
Bahaha. You continue to raise our GABA level, Serotonin, dopamine, acetylcholine. You are a very nice guy. America needs more of you and Sarah and rid the toxic comeys.

We will be watching!!
Republicans are unfunny.
lol will it last that long??
Because @Comey is honorable and you do not understand that, right?
You have evolved and not in a good way.
Hmm, I wonder what will fill the other 59:30, because we know it won’t be commercials!
Oh Snap!
Hope you guys can tell some great "remember when we were on Imus" stories... Oh how we remember you used to stroke him.... Thankfully you don't crave attention as much anymore because no one wants to hear you.
You're a disgrace to America and as a Christian
You said the word homey... Do you think you get street cred points with the kids for that one? Gods gonna have so much fun when he punts your fat ass off the cloud to Hell...
I’ll be watching the important parts of your interview..which means I won’t be watching!!
Asshole, the app,e doesn’t fall far from the tree
You could spend time explaining what's wrong with your daughters eye and why she thinks makeup fixes the issue.
That long? You must be a master of filling in time. The book sounds like tripe.
Or you could sing "Jailhouse Rock" and dedicate it to Deviant Donny. You could sing for days.
Love your humor
That's what you would tell your wife!

Now that should bring the advertisers in. LOL
Literally no one cares what you think. Imagine how desperate @IngrahamAngle must be to invite you. Don't worry though, the country actually cares less what your daughter says, so you have that going for you.
Hey make sure you mention how you got you son off of charges after he tourtured that dog to death.
Remember when you had a soul?  Integrity?  Self respect? Honor?  Too bad they're all gone.  Now you're a cheap shot artist in the service of the biggest grifter in american history.  Shame on you.
p.s. You are not a Governor.
Comey go back Homey

It’s probably because you can’t write anything worth a damn, Huck.
You are an embarrassment to the Christian faith. What a clown.

Good one, insignificant historical footnote
No commercials so take a deep breath
So!
Really?? How old ARE you actually - or have you regressed into childhood? 

Are you a minister and man of GOD?? 

Wow. SMH...

Another phony self righteous Christian.
You're too old to use slang. Knock it off pal
So, about 30 seconds longer than it would take to read all of your daughter's true statements.

Crisis actors or hostile witnesses for the prosecution?
YOU'RE NOT FUNNY MIKE.
Didn't your son torture and kill a dog? Asking for a friend
Yes the really big son!
I thought so. Hardly high and mighty, his son is a psycho and his daughter is a pathological liar, and he thinks he's funny and makes shitty jokes (though i think he has people who aren't funny writing his Crappy jokes for him)
Mr Self Righteous Comey judges our President?!? 
Maybe he should read the Bible. 

Watch your tongue and keep your mouth shut, and you will stay out of trouble."

The LORD detests lying lips. 

But please don't stop Mr. Self Righteous, it's just astounding watching you! 
Are you kidding! The president lies everyday, cheats on all his wives, impregnated his mistress and the big one is he doesn’t believe in god
“I’ll on...?” You’re missing a word, Guv. I’m guessing you left it behind a few years ago, right next to your integrity.
You should never, ever again tweet the word Homey.
Just wanted to let you know that I respect you Governor but your daughter is now my favorite Huckabee 
Of course she lies for a liar she is the best! How about when the really fat son kills dogs that is a real hoot!
I can’t wait to hear your...ahem...”jokes” when your daughter’s boss gets frog-marched out of the Oval Office in leg-irons.
Go Sarah....
GITMO HERE WE COME-Y
Trump is going to the New York prison you mean
Only if you read really really sloooooow!
Judgemental!  Such a despicable Christian.
Lol my Homey!
So funny!!!!
Guess we'll be going to bed late tonight !!!
Why he said 30 seconds? No commercials do her shoe lady’s 2 minutes you will be ok!

 what a joke! Only it's not really funny because this witch hunt is wasting so much of MY money
Hahahaha you’re too funny — — looking that is. It really doesn’t bother that trump is a Manchurian candidate?  U haven’t noticed how he defends the Russians?  And how he had the Russians in the Oval Office boasting about firing Comey?

This one is better!
Who cares
Ha!!

100 times the man you’ll ever be, Pudge.
Longer than any of her sponsors' commercials, I'm guessing
What happened to you? Sell out.
Her low IQ/EQ audience will love it!
You mean liberals.
I call COMEY'S book Comey Baloney!
Wow did you stay up all night making that up? Here is one trump the big orange lump and fat huckabee is a slump! I love it
Sorry 15 seconds. Lol thanks
Sounds like a lover's tale. You even have a pet name for him. 30 sec is about right.
So love the Huckabee !!!......
I never thought I'd say this, but your comedy is honestly worse than your political beliefs.
Lol says the fake news puppet.
Muppet -- I'm a Fake News Muppet. Have some respect.
30 seconds?  Going to read slow?

That long?

That includes the "Intro", correct?
Next on who wants to be a conspiracy theorist
