
"President Trump made 2,140 false or misleading claims in his first year" Hillary's an angel compared to that demon.

Hahahahahaha. Only 17?
Huckabee- you are still pining for Hillary, and can't get over her? You genuinely sound very unmanly - get a life
When is Hillary going to grow up? She appears completely mentally deranged!  She needs a rubber room.
Really? You can watch and understand the news everyday, and still say that?

lol
She happened 
Hillary again?
Only 17?
I see a couple hundred thousand ! Sec of state record 890k miles flown, How about the Dubai accounts?
Reason #245:  I’m a blonde.
NEW? This is old news. Seriously.
.
PLEASE TELL JO DEE......    SAID HOWDY GOVERNOR HUCKABEE PLEASE! AND WHAT IS THE LATEST ON HER HEALTH?

Finally, here's where I agree with you Mike.  I wish Hillary Clinton would find a nice quiet place to stay the hell out of the news for the rest of my life!!!
Well maybe if Mike and President Spanky and Fox News would STFU about her then she wouldn't be a topic. But Huckabee and the Moron and Fox would have nothing to say then. They'd have to talk about Collusion with Russia, Money Laundering by the NRA, a corrupt GOP...
Looking forward to Bryan Clay tonight!!!!!
The American Deplorables are the only thing that happened to HRC. She just cannot handle the truth.
Poor Bill!
Are you really a preacher?
funny but why do we have to still listening see her ? I thought when we won we would be free of her ... but ya'll can't stop with her . BORING ! All I wnat to hear is she is being locked up #LOCKHERUP !

@HillaryClinton lost because she’s a...Lol, not enough time or space to say how evil she is.
If they haven't figured out by now they never will
Getting old there, Gov. Hypocrite.
Saw this at a DC gift shop last week 》》》
Her list is longer than the book by now.  She should just publish the encyclopedia of excuses and random reasons for failing.
@GovMikeHuckabee glad to actually have someone from Arkansas represent us like you do...and your mic dropping tweets are a bonus lol

What happened was Hillary won the popular vote by 3M and Trump illegally colluded with Russians to make up lies about her.  Then Trump appointed a bunch of unAmerican liars, including to his communications' team.  Would you like more details?  
Give it up. Mike, you need to figure out why that kid of yours, @PressSec, just spews lies for @POTUS
Great, how do I find TBN?

Cable or Web

John G
MN

PS: love work from Sarah

Need more kids like her. Must be the parents
Love you Governor and your precious daughter...! 
GOD HAS HOT YOUR BACK
🖒
Nice show Governor; look forward to it every Saturday.
My gosh get over it
I’ll tell you what “really happened” Hillary lost the election because she committed a crime and doesn’t belong nowhere in the White House anymore, but she belongs in a prison cell.
So you've got a political show on the Televangical Fraud channel? 

That makes perfect sense.
Reason #18. Trump put a spell on me.
You mean she's manufactured more insults to brand American voters?
Your daughter is another Goebbles.
