Watched your show for the first time-I love it!
well, you never know what side of his face comey is talking out of!  I wonder if Geogre soros's and his group is behind comey?

Please, Vote & Retweet so we can get many people participating in this critical question!
Do you think that James Comey is maybe the real Russian Agent and his foremost responsibility was to get Hillary elected at all costs but failed because of his stupidity?
Love your show!  Keep it going !
Your confusing cyanide again.
LMBO!
#Exactly how I felt last night! This is ridiculous! Something must be done! Surely our CIC has powerful ppl in his court too! This BS needs to stop! I will never be a Democrat! 
Pretty sure "pulling an Elvis" is dying on the toilet, which the president will be doing.
I thought it involved taking advantage of talented African-American performers who, due to  economic circumstances caused by years of Jim Crow laws and prejudice of the industry's producers and consumers, were unable to take legal recourse over stolen intellectual property.
Lets not pigon hole "the king"
Watching your show twice in one night would make me want to "pull a Kurt Cobain" and put a shotgun in my mouth.
Agreed
Love it

Fool
They are veterinarians...
Ah yes, a good ole fashioned conservative joke signaling its okay for gun nuts to shoot random items.
I bet you're real popular in Pennsylvania, for all the wrong reasons
Shameless plug because you know the whole world is tuning in the other side. By the way, tell that fumpy lying daughter of yours to lose those granny pearls...
Every time you tweet I want to shoot my phone 
Well, why don't you unfollow him rather than complain?
Well..once you die of laughing because of the huckerbee hypocrisy. once dead. You definitely have low blood pressure. And stree.
Well..once you die of laughing because of the huckerbee hypocrisy. once dead. You definitely have low blood pressure. And no pain...

Yes fantasy also helps reduce Blood pressure
What are you afraid of mikey?  The truth? But then again the truth does not run in your family. Like daughter like father.
Yay
You are like your daughter a liar !
Then why are you following him?
GOOD QUESTION! #LoveHuckabee
Thank you for possessing two great qualities: wisdom and humor. You make me think and crack me up at the same time.
AGREED! #LoveHuckabeeHumor
So enjoy your wit. Don't worry, we know Comey is a lying leaker. Sarah told us 
So three years ago the government was evil and lied about everything but now you believe everything the press secretary says?
That sums it up well.
The word you’re looking for is cult. Lol
9 out of 10 psychiatrists recommend avoiding the show for mental health reasons.
Its funny how the tables are turned and Republicans are proving to be nothing but cowardly whiners and slime balls.
You are wonderful
#FakeChristian
#ReleaseTarmacVideo
Now you're just blatantly catering to those stressed out by some unpalatable truths becoming undeniable. Shame on you! Do NOT placate your flock with lies because the truth is unpalatable. We can’t change the truth, but the truth can change us. You're a minister. Act like it. SMH
Repent
This is where comedy goes to die a slow agonizing death.
He’s here all week folks (unfortunately)
Gov. Huckabee, that's really. Great! You're Not going to have that lying. Corrupt
Comey on you're show. I
Would hate to have to throw my only good remote
@Cathykillion1
Lee was a “Real American”. RIP Lee
Wouldn’t waste my power to watch him anyway. If he’s talking he’s lying.
You Huckabee’s just can’t stop lying can you!?
Wouldn't miss it sir, I watch for my daily dose of sanity, and integrity, and I thank You Mr. Huckabee.
I wish @Fox would stop showing excerpts from that interview. Don’t they have other news they can report?

I love your tweets.
I didn’t watch that lying creep
Governor,  Im curious if you read the article about the college history books, Minnesota is poisoning our children with? This book is no different than what Hitler did.
How do you sleep at night knowing that you freed Wayne Dumond and Maurice Clemmons to kill innocent people? Not to mention that your daughter lies to the American public every day. I remember when you seemed to be a decent person - before you got rich.
9 out of 10 doctors recommend presidents not to rawdog pornstars without a condom
Great for insomnia!

I’ve never watched your show and never will. I have high blood pressure and would rather have a stroke.
Thank Jesus!  #MAGA
Would you mind letting me know if or when you are going to be on television again? Date, time, network.
Use it as a stomach pump when I have eaten something bad
Yes. You’re the best, aren’t you? And joking about shooting things in anger is in excellent taste. You are a sower of decencies and tact in this troubled time. #patyourselfontheback #imokyoureok #deflector #pawnfortheadmin
Only 9 of 10 Gov?  What is wrong with the 10th Doctor?
We know.. your show is like an elephant tranquilizer..
Good Tweet
Is this supposed to be funny?

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
so funny.
What kind of a father raises a daughter like Sara? I'll tell you!! A hell of a great role model, American and patriot, that's who!!!  I love your daughter Gov.! She is awesome and you ain't so bad yourself! #AMERICAFIRST
This is fake news.
Studies have shown that tv viewership and viewership of oped news can lead to increased levels of stress, increased blood pressure, and hormone release like many addictive substances.
Please investigate "Mississippi Canyon "
hey leave ELVIS out of this! hes my Guy! lol...
Ask nurse for some stronger meds and a blanket, Mike.

You misspelled "four out of five dentists"
Your show is one of the best on TV. It has everything from politics, music, comedy, world news and great interviews. Your monologues are probably the best on TV

Why do you hate law enforcement?
Still not funny
That’s like 8 different tweets.
Doctors recommend Huckabee to lower blood pressure, because it is the opium for the masses. #TrumpCult
Mike Hucksterbee makes Jesus sad. 

#TrumpCult #TrumpWhore #ImpeachTrump #Treason
Can you also sometime soon point out how Maxine Waters lives in a multimillion dollar home and got so rich?


Thanks #Comey for the perfect addition to my artwork:

#Trump #MorallyUnfit #ComeyInterview #Corrupt #art #illustration 
Wait a minute! You’re Sarah Sanders father, right?
Oh shut your pie hole I thoughts you had principles, it’s clear you don’t


Yes
Huckabee
USDA Approved
I can't watch without laughing at your ill-fitting suit jacket. How does @TBN let you wear santa's hand-me-downs each night? You really need a gay guy in your dressing room. I'll stop there.
I'll avoid your POS show, I don't need a stroke and while you are at it, educate your daughter to tell the truth!
Lol
You’ll your one of the worse human beings on the planet. Pig family defending  criminal president. Just bad DNA.
LOLToo Damn Funny! Flippin’ Awesome Huck! Excellent!

Mike #comey will be on @marklevinshow . Comey has already done ABC. #BOB
Try to get him as a guest on your You Tube channel!!
Driven by hate, confused by fear is a terrible thing for Republicans!!
Bore!  Ing!  Go away
"SCREW YOU "
this tweet is even more train wreck than usual
9 out of 10 psychiatrists recommend your show to remind their patients that even at their worst they aren't faring too badly by comparison.
Your humour is purile and you show juvenile frankly
I liked the introduction is a great one!
If you are a deplorable and live in a fantasy world of lies then watch
Your whole family is a shame. You thought your children to lie and kill small animals. Wonderful.
Wishing  @GovMikeHuckabee would “pull a Cobain”.

I’m good fat boy. Enjoying the Comey interview which couldn’t be more honest.
LOL!

Good one Gov!!
You couldn’t pay me to watch you !

Love your show Governor!
He's so gross... Also your son tortured an animal. Your family has no shame
I will!
I don’t know which would be worse-watching you or your daughter. You both give me indigestion. I’m so looking forward to watching the Comey interview

I’d rather watch @AshvsEvilDead rather than a lying, perjuring AntiAmerican like Comey. @GroovyBruce plays a mean #Elvis too !
I’m sure when the press listens to your lying daughter’s daily press briefing makes them want to pull an Elvis.
U got that right Thank God for Choices
I'm watching your show dated April 7, I don't see the one for this weekend.
LOL! LOL! LOL!

Love you, Gov!
Watching you or @PressSec would make me want to shoot the screen.


If i watched tv i would definitely tune in.
Glad to know there is a nice place for ppl to go who still can stomach the world.
Hey huckabee!

Gov. I have NO plan to watch ppl pouring out garbage especially I just returned home from Kay Arthur's Precept Bible study training for a weekend. I don't want my mind to go astray watching Comey's garbage. I'd rather watch your show n keep my heart closer to the Lord.
Love you Gov
Why must you be so despicable?
that's because it'll put you to sleep.
Too bad for you, the rest of us are watching Mr. Comey!!

 so nice to watch all you crooks squirm! James Comey has your #and WE ALL know it!
One out if three trump supporters are just as dumb as the other two.
And you're being generous.

Nobody says it better than @govmikehuckabee. :)

I can't wait to watch!
Love your show.  
I have high blood preshure, COPD and emphazeema.
Shameless pandering to increase your ratings and income
Watching You're show now In @TBN Sir @Aclj Lawfirm with Attorney @JaySekulow
If your on the screen I will pull an Elvis and send you the bill
Man, you gotta learn that if you have what you think is a bomb-ass joke, you gotta let it lay on its own in a tweet. Don't try to combine them. You're OK here, however, because both of those were terrible. But, you know, for future reference.

Laughter is good for our psyches and you always make me laugh!!
Loved your ‘honest’ show this evening.
Please stop embarrassing Arkansas.

Your daughter rocks I really enjoy her press briefings
Well said sir!!!
It sure does me good.
Isn't Comey getting interviewed by the Clinton Fake News Hack, former Bill Clinton press secretary?  

Go Figure!

Recommend around Comey keep your hands in your pockets, he likes trying to size dudes up?  Not Normal... Just Saying...
Horribly not funny


I...what
Who knew you had a show? Damn, though Hee-Haw ended years ago.
Dont compare huckabee to hee haw.....that was a good show.....and i am an elitist left winger......
you're a freak
Anyone of substance would NOT appear on your joke......maybe have Little Huck on to splain why she posted that pic....more LIES......SAD.....
You bet 
Your daughter lies for a living.
Comey should had name his book How I kissed Hillary Clinton ASS and lived to tell about it
I want to be as polite as I can, but would Trump allow Sarah into the military? #MAGALOL
And your daughter to show how a real person stands up to lies
Please just go away
Your daughter lied about Mike Pence being in room Friday night when decision was made to bomb Syria
His son murdered a dog! He’s batting .000 with the offspring!
