No no no no.
Let it go. Wait for the report to come out implicating Obama and Hillary. To fire Mueller it would be political suicide. Mueller does need to go but I hope the president just holds off. I will vote Trump no  matter what he does. I am 76 years old and and waiting for a good man.
No, because that's not allowing our legal system to work. Why should he do that? That's a terrible thing to suggest even.
Our legal system hasn’t worked in years. So that’s an invalid argument.
So we ignore it because you haven't like its results? Do you just walk into the Kum and Go and grab what you want off the shelf because laws don't matter now? That's not a counter argument; that's a whiny excuse.
You mean kind of like the excuse “I didn’t know it was illegal to destroy 33,000 classified subpoenaed emails from my private server.”
I agree Hillary was wrong. No question. I never argued otherwise. We need to stop partisan bickering and recognize crooks whether they are red or blue.
Ok.... let’s go after the #Bluewave Of crooks!!
You understand Hillary doesn't hold office now, right? I mean, really, do people understand that? She's not our problem any more.
She still sucks up oxygen, now that is a problem
No. I think it’s time for Mueller to lock trump up.
Fire mullersss
Yes. #ShutDownTheWitchHunt #Vote2018 #RedWave
I believe Jeff Sessions should fire Mueller and Rosenstein
May the Lord rebuke Robert Mueller for over exercising of excessive power for political gain.
Past Time
It's time for the fbi to raid mikeys home and office.
It’s time for Congress to demand Jeff Sessions’ resignation.
Try this one first plz Friday April 13 - https://www.bongino.com/april-13-2018-ep-698-the-case-against-mueller/ … | Enjoy as he speaks truth to power because he has been around these people A-Z and seen the way things really go down in DC | Wed 11th was great as well
Thanks!
I think it’s time for Robert Mueller to fire Trump.
In a democracy, this can not; should not; will not be tolerated. Mueller should be prosecuted with the full weight of the law of democracy.  Every American should be appalled!!
Why would @realDonaldTrump fire Mueller??  Is he guilty?  Only reason to fire is if he’s guilty.
No because there is no crime. Collusion is not a crime and the FBI and DOJ is corrupt. They are trying to hide all the bad things they have done for years. Rod Rosenstein needs fired he is ridiculous.
Give it a break man. If Hillary had done something illegal let alone lie to the fbi she’d be in prison.  Stay away from the conspiracies.  They are lies.
Although it is refreshing of you to believe that everyone has character and integrity, it is a little naive in this present age. Please tell me your responses are just for fun.
Not naive.  Just the facts ma’am.
To me the facts are they have nothing on Trump. After tapping his lines for over a year, taking all documents from his transition. They have to raid his lawyer, which I can’t wait to hear the reason for this. America just doesn’t do these kind of things. Facts facts!
5 guilty and 22 inducements is not nothing.   The investigation will finish with or without mueller. And will get worse for trump and company because New York AG is involved as well.
5 guilty?
I think it is time for the American  people, AKA Congress,  to  fire " Felonious  Trump"
No, I really believe that  this was a very desperate act by Mueller,
... Mike, I think if your Orange God fires Mueller, he will have flushed himself down the toilet. ...
It's a disgrace to America what the corrupt democRATS are doing to our country & a sitting POTUS.
It is just wrong!!! I pray that our justice system gets back on track. I would never have believed this could happen in our wonderful America. Things have changed so fast in the past years. God help us.
Fire Rosenstein. Hire someone that has his back and will handle Mueller
Are you a moron? Fire Rosenstein, and hire someone who has HIS back? People conducting any investigation, especially of this magnitude, should be operating in the OBJECTIVE manner possible w/o playing favorites. If the facts exonerate the Pres., good for him! If they don’t, well.
Oh you mean like Mueller?
Oh, I’m sorry! 
Do you actually know Robert Mueller? Are you involved in any of the meetings, proceedings, or depositions that the Spec Counsel is holding? 
I didn’t think so. Quite making opinionated judgements that lack evidence.
absolutely NOT. doing show proves the heat is on, and only admits further guilt. Sexual Predator Trump is CROOK! also, isn't your son a dog killer??? #fakepastor
I like @AlanDersh idea for @realDonaldTrump legal team to have judge rule the Asst. AG recuse himself
Yes, it is
Would love that to happen but he’s stuck damn if he does and damn I’d be doesn’t. He needs to fire Ag sessions and replace him with someone who will not refuse themselves.
Mueller referred the Cohen matter to Rosenstein. Rod Rosenstein ordered the raid. Rosenstein must be FIRED. Thought Sessions was going to make sure that DOJ adhered to the rule of law?
No. It’s time for Rosenstein to.
I think it is time for Congress Republicans to organize against Mueller to fire him and Lindsey Graham and John McCain.


1

Yup
Mike feels like you’re inviting the response, “YES”. My response though is NO. Presidents have to stay out of these types enquiries . The investigation should be unfettered and not disrupted. The findings will be impartial and will be reached in due course. Don’t see a problem
Let him just try. American's will take to the streets and his own Republicans will impeach him.
HUCKY, THE ORANGEMAN'S APPOINTED JUDGE APPROVED IT, FOOL
Even the GOP is saying that Trump doing anything that leads to the firing of Mueller would effectively end his Presidency. Even firing Rosenstein, without cause, would look like a political move to ultimately remove Mueller. Trump is on VERY shaky ground now! @FoxNews @CNN
MANY Americans believe @realDonaldTrump is the real threat to our republic. I believe the appropriate protocols were followed that allowed the FBI to receive the search & seizure warrant on Cohen. Yet Trump does not respect the rule of law as it applies to him. He made his bed...
Y'know if there weren't indictments numbering in the teens, multiple people charged with lying to the FBI, which btw were lesser charges because they decided to talk, and so much they're still finding, then maybe, but they have all of these things, so yeah let Mueller do his job!
No. He should fire Rosenstein and appoint someone in that position from outside the swamp. That individual should review Meuller's findings on collusion and if there is none, should end the investigation.
Jeff Sessions needs to do his job. Period.
Toss the bum out.
No, Trump has done nothing.  Let it go!
Why do u ask? Are u taking a poll? U can’t think for yourself? Who left the barn door open?
He should get rid of those obstructionist in his team and Mueller asap!!
No.... Session should be fired instead
It probaby would not be wise to fire the man...who I wish was fishing for sailfish, instead of the President... as in sail away into the sunset. Enough already! Mr, President don’t do the interview. #JRBlog
SESSIONS MUST FIRE ROSENSTEIN FIRST THING TOMORROW AM!  WOULD LIKE TO SEE MUELLER FIRED BUT NOT CERTAIN IF GOOD MOVE DERSHOWITZ AND OTHER ATTYS WILL ADVISE HIM!
Absolutely not, mueller is not biased, he is merely doing his job and following the trail that was left in the wake of the 2016 election. I believe he does not have bias he is merely doing his job. If HRC ended up being where that trail led he'd still carry out swift judgement.
No. If history tells us anything, firing Mueller will only reinforce suspicions of his alleged “dark networks,” dirty money,” and “sellacious sex scandals.” If he’s truly innocent, he’s gotten nothing to hide and nothing to fear.
It is time for the investigation to end. The DOJ already admitted they found no collusion between President Trump and Russian. I so no reason for Special Prosecutor Mueller to continue.
I think that the Meuller investigation is just getting interesting. You could probably spend years investigating drumpf's criminal activities, and we should, sad :-(
Mo, it’s time for Trump to resign!
Way past time to fire Mueller and his band of corrupt fishing expedition DEM donating investigators.  Establishment Republicans who seem incapable of garnering more than 3% of the vote and biased DEMs are making a coordinated effort to undermine our U.S. President.
No, Rosenstein. BTY, we couldn't be more proud of that wonderful daughter of yours! She is amazing in articulating @POTUS 's agenda. She is unflappable, intelligent, articulate and has that sweet Southern charm! Good job! #WeLoveSarah
Yesterday
Gonna leave this right here. Cohen raid isn’t about #StormyDaniels. Cohen is head of finance for #rnc as such, he has ALL records of $ spent where/ when...follow the money. Checkmate. @GovMikeHuckabee
No. Let his AG  do it
Yes
NO!!! I THINK IT IS TIME FOR LDR. RYAN TO WITHDRAW ALL REMAINING FUNDS FOR SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER AND HIS TEAM!!! They are out of control and believe they are above the law in their quest to get POTUS for their sponsors the DEMOCRAT PARTY!!!
No.. it’s time for this moron to resign.  If not, he will be impeached.
No.
I think Trump should pardon everyone Muller targets. Same effect as FBI giving immunity to any possible witnesses in Clinton investigation. Let the Libs and Rinos go wild. Screw em if they can’t take their own medicine.
No. but congress should start cutting FBI budget until they get what they ask for!
well, if he's going to drain the swamp it may be required..but could something else be going on? Could this be misdirection or is Meuller hoping to be fired so he too can write a book and make some money? 1thing is sure, if this is breach of constitution, absolutely
I think if he does it proves he guilty as sin. Innocent men don’t act this was.
I hope Cohen scrubbed his computer clean and did not keep anything damaging in his office/home. As far as firing Mueller, how much worse can it get? Mueller’s circus is just that! What our President should never do is go and talk to Muleface!
Absolutely 
It's time for Mueller to fire Trump
He needs to pray for him.
Yes!
Fire somebody
Oh Yes....But Trump knows best, how about breaking the law as he did and having him arrested
It's a coup disguised as an investigation by the beyond reproachable sterling image of the FIB!
Thanks for the spam, Comrade.
No let it play itself out justice will prevail and oh btw there was "NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION" .
Drumpfuck aka Trumpendejo is going down next stop Leavenworth's Correction Facility Kansas..
@SAMMPOTUS 2020
http://samm2020.com/donate 
I don't like Mueller but I am against firing him. It would not go well at all... and would be a huge distraction at the very least.
No. So far nothing has been found. I do think this is being drug out at a ridiculous pace.
It's time @jeffsessions fired deputy AG Rosenstein and un-recused himself to oversee the closing down of the failed witch hunt Mueller leads or resign himself as he should have done to begin with if he had any respect for the @POTUS and the office he was assigned to run. 
If it's failed, why do you want to take such drastic measures to shut it down?

I think it’s tome for Fat Sarah to start telling the truth.
I think it is time for Trump to experience the joy that comes with a well-scrubbed weasel.
NO!

No.
Careful - the @DNC want to fake polls that show lack of support for @POTUS.
No. But might be time for you and your daughter to be fired, as there are only lies spewing out of your mouths.
No. This turd  can’t be flushed. Must let this one naturally erode or let flies carry it away. Unreal. The injustice?
Definitely should fire Rod Rosenstein.
No no no. If he didn't collude with Russia what does he have to worry about. America deserves transparency.
I Say @realDonaldTrump should Presidential pardon all those indicted to include himself and let the "special council" hang itself.
I think the first two that have to go are:
1.  Feckless and incompetent Jeff Sessions 
2.  Dishonorable and corrupt Rod Rosenstein
Absolutely! It’s beyond time!
Wrong question: Do you think it is time for Mueller to bring the hammer down on Putin West?
Yes!  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !

Yes, Sir, Gov. I do! It's way past time, actually! I suggested he do that many times early on in thisDebacle! SomebodySaid to Fire or Impeach (forContempt of Congress) Rod Rosenstein and theNew IG canFireMueller! That sounds like aGood idea to me! FireChris.Wray/AndyWeissman too!
Your syntax is alarming.
Absolutely not
If Clinton had fired Ken Starr you'd have flipped the hell out. So stop being a two faced scumbag. If your pussy grabin hero is innocent he has nothing to worry about.
The only reason he would fire him is if he’s guilty you lunchbox. Sometimes I actually wish there was a God so I could watch the apocalypse. I have a feeling there’d be a lot of surprised elitists as their asses are on fire. What a hoot it would be!
You wanted to be president for years so I need to know since I did vote for you in the past...  Do you really thing any President R or D behavior like that would be the way you would behave or endorse if your daughter wasn’t employed .  I doubt that 
#JeffSessions needs to put a time limit on #RobertMueller and say “You’ve got until May 1st to prove Collusion or shut down the investigation” ! Then they should drain the #FBLie !
Your hashtag is bad.
Fire mueller rosenstein sessions Wray. Every one of those scaredy cats who are more worried about their own power than the truth. It’s time to restore the doj and fbi with people of integrity, honesty... put America before their own selfish needs
No. But he should do something about the Gestapo  (formerly known as the FBI).
Yes. And stop wasting our tax dollars on nonsense garbage. “We all sin and fall short of the glory of God.” Lets give credit for all of the good things being accomplished now in the USA!
#POTUS does not need another hornets nest! Let him be! #Muller is just sucking taxpayers money, that is all. Retirees have a problem seating at home. He found himself a gold mine, and it ain't go home any time soon.
I think it’s time for Sessions to resign and run for his senate seat. His recusal prevents him from doing anything. We need an AG who can function in there.
Sessions should just disappear.
My fellow Alabamian, Jeff Sessions should do it.
He should do something!

Should have fired Sessions and the other SOB’s long ago!

That’s a real easy vote Mike! Muellershould be fired immediately for what he is done to dissolve a long-standing client attorney privilege!Mueller has become bigger then the issue that they haven’t figured out yet! Goodbye Mueller
Past that time
Get all papers that authorized all these actions @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Fire Rosenstein @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump

It would not look good if he did.  Mueller just needs to finish this useless investigation so our president and republican house and senate can focus on making America great again. #maga #Trump2020
Yes!!!

And Donald Trump has every right to. This is getting to far and Clinton gets away with Murder. .Unbelievable
Trump needs to arrest Mueller and rosenstein for their crimes
It also irks me that that arrogant Comey who should be in prison, is going to prancing around the newsrooms like a proud peacock.
There is nothing he is going to find. The entire thing has been a colossal waste of taxpayer money. But firing him just feeds into Democratic #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
#Rosenstein must go.
Mueller will just be replaced by another swamp creature.
Wasting of public funds
I think he should fire the whole rotten bunch, all of them, get them the hell out of there. The media and the Democrats are against him, what harm will it do.
No! Leave him in there and let him hang himself,then after all these witch hunts are over, bring him up on conspiracy charges along with Obama, Hillary, Rice and lynch with all the rest of them in this high reaching conspiracy and burn them all at once!
If its alright for #RodRosenstein to break #AttorneyClientPriviledge by having FBI raid President Trump's personal attorneys home and offices then #JeffSessions should raid #LisaBarsoomian (Rosenstein wife) home & office since she represented #MuellerComeyObamaBillHilary1991-2017
I would rather the Congress impeach him, Rosenstine and Sessions all at once keeping Trump clear of it.
No - I think Mueller (who is a decorated veteran) has operated with class and integrity. I say give him a bonus and support him to run for office Huck!
I wish the republicans would do it!
I think Rosenstein is the person to go, and, Sessions needs to pull back his recusal and take charge as he is suppose to do.
Yes and don't look back no matter what he does swamp,sewer will not support trump so go for it and fire mueller he is not above the law
Trump's next conversation w/ Mueller:
Should of NEVER been allowed in the first place, WHAT A DAMN JOKE!!
No  let the swamp reveal its modus operandi. It is truly about themselves. All the world is watching. How defunct. we were.
Thing is, as many others not all from Arkansas, nor it's Prez and 1st gal, or more, b and h, never owned citizenship, Bill ran away from war to another country. So therefore others running here are in his honor? Obama  not a citizen,therefore?
YES. If the roles were reversed and Hillary had won- chuckle, chuckle- she would have canned Mueller 10 months ago and no one would have said or done anything about it. Especially the RINOs who consistently try to derail President Trump.
Fire
Time for the Trumpsters to wake up. And for you to just go away. Fake Christian Hypocrite.
No! TrumpASS does not behave like an innocent person! But you are a sycophant so you cannot see it!
Robert Mueller and James Comey are both a disgrace!!! Not to mention Andrew McCabe, Lisa Page, and Peter Strzok.  They have managed to sully its name irrevocably!  People went to jail for lying to the FBI; now the FBI are the ones lying...
...ah, along with girlish Wray

Get rid of him
Yes, and don't look back. He is causing the Constitutional crisis not his firing... Attached Rosenstein and imbecile Sessions, sir
It's time for Comey's best friend and Hillary's former lawyer to be dismissed. His job is done. He was hired to investigate collusion and found nothing. Thank you Mr. Mueller and there's the door.
I think they are setting him up. Trying to push his temper and push his hand. Then they will go crazy !! Better to go after them on the legal issue and let Mueller play out.
Yes
No! Only FoxRt, trump’s Cartoon Network, believes he should fire Mueller. Maybe he should. That would hasten Trump’s removal from office. Then FoxRt can yak about other conspiracies.
#FireMuellerYesterday
No I don’t think he should fire Mueller it might back fire on trump but he should fire Sessions and Rosenstein
No. Why did Michael Cohen pay Stormy Daniels $130,000 when Trump says he never slept with her? If Trump's innocent like he says, Mueller's investigation will find nothing. Right? @realDonaldTrump @StormyDaniels #TrumpRussia
He needs to raid Clinton, Obama's and the rest of the crooks in D C
Yep! Time to get charges on the crooked people!!!
Long overdue! Mueller - YOU'RE FIRED!
I think it is time someone shut Mueller down.He is more corrupt than anyone
Nope
No........as much as I want that crooked SOB gone...No
NO!!!! Fire Sessions and Rod, Mueller will then be left out in the cold to starve!!!!
Yes, yes, yes. A thousand times yes.
Sure. If he wants riots, general strikes, and impeachment
Yes he should!  It’s nothing but smoke and mirrors
Well the IG report is going to drop soon. Mueller, Rosenstein, Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, and Lynch may have to worry about being investigated themselves. In the end all of the wrong doing is going to see the light of day. Thank God Trump won. Otherwise we'd never have known.
No he should not!
It’s a trap for him either way. He just needs to keep fighting back. Seems that a lot of rights/laws have been broken in the Mueller investigation. Hope his legal team can prove it.
I think it's time for you and @PressSec to grab your life preservers. You ship is sinking...FAST!
If Trump isn’t guilty as he continues to say, why then doesn’t he just let Mueller do his job, instead of threatening to fire everyone, bottom line, he’s very nervous about Cohen. This isn’t just about a tape.
Mueller wants to be fired. No don't fire him. The burden of proof is on Mueller and there is no proof.
Dems want Mueller fired so they can claim there really was smoke in the Russian investigation lies and use that as excuse for impeaching.
Unless he knows something we don’t know—absolutely.
Yes
He has been advised not to. Damned if he doesn't, damned if he does. HRC has his hands tied & is holding Mueller's gonads tightly in hand!
Yes because this circus has now become a personal endeavor to "get Trump"....
Damn if he fires Mueller, damn if doesn’t fires Mueller. Everything President Trump does or not he will be blamed for. May God Almighty help our President Trump.
Hell yeah!
Absolutely, he needs to be fired.
Who was the neutral magistrate that signed the warrant? 4th amendment issues all over the place here. A buddy of Mueller? Acquaintance of Andrew Weissmann?
Yes. Definitely. Because the day he does that, his “presidency” will be over and so will our long national nightmare.
Yes.
Yeah
Absolutely!
HE HAS TO BE TAKEN OUT!
Why do you hate America?
He should have Sessons Fire Rosenstein appt a 2nd council to investigate DOJ & FBI which would put Mueller in a very tight corner as he is involved in all this Deep state corruption. He himself should be under investigation.
No! Mueller has nothing on Trump so he’s going on these overreaches in order to get fired. They have a better chance of taking Trump down if he fires Mueller!
