But...




I want that shirt
Kinda hard to take the moral high ground with it on...
I guess comparing Street Tshirt  to #WHCorrespondentsDinner is the same for #liberals 
#LiberalHypocrites 
#LiberalLogic 
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Your daughter looked absolutely gorgeous. I don’t know how long wolf kept her finger in that socket to get that hair do but it sure fried her brain . What a total POS 
They are pathetic!  We don’t listen to them anyway. They are insignificant!
Sarah is still a shining example of not only the TRUE Republican party, but of the core values you instilled in her throughout her lifetime. Thank you.
Well said Gov. Huckabee. It was disgusting!
It’s ridiculous. There is a way to tease / roast that is funny and in good fun. This was not even close. @SarahHuckabee keep up the good work. Arkansas is proud of you.
Who runs the media again Mike?
You & Your Wife Raised a Beautiful, Intelligent, Classy Woman with the Patience Of a Saint! @SHSanders45 is the epitome of a Great Role Model 
Amazing that you speak out more about a roast then actual actions by this administration and the President!
Call out the president and you might gain some credibility ...
Sarah has been exposed last night.
Matthew 6:24 No one can serve two masters. Either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and Money.
Glad I watched @greggutfeld then!
This more your style?
Your daughter showed such grace and poise amongst room full of vile, bitter, and disgusting people.
God Knows!
At least their “attacks” are coherent, spelled correctly and there’s no profanity
Poor taste you mean!!
Truth to power
Your daughter lies every day for a man who is the embodiment of bullying, vulgarity, and hate. Spare me your pearl clutching, Mike.
Is this vulgar, Mike?
How about this? Does this look like a bully?
And who can forget when @realDonaldTrump defended white supremacists, one of who had just killed a woman - is this hate, Mike?
"...they celebrated bullying, vulgarity, and hate...savagely attack their guests".

Wait! What? I thought Donald Trump said he would NOT attend the WHCD!
Snowflake.. Who knew?
Right out of trumps playbook. Payback is a bitch.

Sarah is way above the vulgarity and hate. They gave her a reason to blow them off for good the way Pres Trump. Never worth going to the viper's nest to be feasted upon.
Although I care nothing about Cruz, BUT here is THIS from your president, Huckabee
Sorry to hear remarks about Sarah, Gov. I don't know how she puts up with them on a day to day basis. Yes I do...the love of Christ.
Exactly!! No One who understands the Love of Christ could act like the mean, even vicious, press. They show the meanness of their master. I will pray for them.
Give us a break. You voted for and support Trump, a man who acts mean and vicious against others on a regular basis. Pray for yourself for having condoned a man of such ill will.
We voted for a broken sinner! Just like all of us Hippocrite Here’s your fu**ing stone. Look in the mirror and throw it! It took a business man to knock all the bit**es off their perches. Where I’m sitting that’s justice!
Hey Governor!!! Your daughter made me proud to be a female in America. You done good, Sir!! Pardon the grammar, I’m a proud southern woman!! MAGA/KAG 
Proud Southern woman?  I am, also.  That’s why I will never get women supporting 45!
But you supported Hillary??
You posted THIS; go figure.
Sarah was the classiest person there!  We love @PressSec!  Such a great role model for our daughters.
She sure is!
Do you need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough?
@PressSec is beautiful inside and out. They could all learn from her strength and faith. But they are trapped on the plantation of hate.
Give Sarah a huge hug, we love her, and will never stop loving her.
You don’t know her, bot ! She wouldn’t like you anyways , you’re just a peasant to her .
I love your daughter! She is the best! Hope she ok after their vicious vitriol last night.
Consider the source. #michellewolf has such style that she gets bad spray tans and even worse 1970s perm. And that voice? The neighborhood dogs are probably still howling.
They're putting themselves in that place where no one goes eventually. They are becoming completely irrelevant, unbelievable, snide and everything they claim conservatives are...
YOU MAY DRESS UP SWINE BUT COMING FROM A PIG PEN....
THEY ALL STILL SMELL......
Sarah took all the vile & nasty "jokes" slung at her. It was so bad, even a lot of the female presstitutes there felt shame & embarrassment having to listen to a "comedian" viciously attacking another female's looks like the hypocritics they are and always have been.
Teaching kids how to bully,so they can have school shootings to push their gunbans!!#MAGA
Tell Sarah we love her. 

Marxism is the new journalism
I give huge kudos to your daughter for sitting graciously through the insults. She's a real trooper.
It’s time we stop being sad and instead become angry.
Well, I see what you're saying, but every minute we spend mad, we wasted 60 seconds we could have been happy. #MAGA
It’s hard to whistle past the graveyard when the nation is in peril.
I think the only people in peril are the hypocrtical left...
Stay vigilant. Misguided optimism is music to the ears of the neoBolsheviks who gathered last night.
Because I'm not listening to the lefts hypocritical BS does not mean I'm not being vigilant. I'm only more focused on the positives than the negatives. Stay strong #MAGA #Cheers Not letting A-holes ruin my day.
I am indeed strong it’s simply too late in the game for unicorns and rainbows.
Gov. Huckabee. I applaud your beautiful, incredibly intelligent and respected daughter Sarah. What was said about her last night made me sick. No place for meanness. Bullying is bullying I guess at any level.
Wait, WHAT?
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Not from where I sit.
Seems Republicans can only survive with 40 lies a day and a conspiracy...
Link?
He said from where he sits....meaning, his moms basement.  Change seats, it’s bright out here.
God...and you are from A L a BAMBA (talking about basements !)
Another tool that uses geography for their hate.
You celebrate "bullying, vulgarity, and hate" everyday with your support of Trump. She was joking with the things she said- he is not. If you can't tell the difference, you're what's wrong with America. #whcd2018


Which is worse: making smarmy jokes about someone in their presence, or lying to the American people EVERY SINGLE DAY??

U r right Huck. Disgraceful conduct at the Correspondents dinner. U can tell the Dems are desperate by their savage personal attacks. Sarah is the best, most effective spokesperson ever to occupy that position. We never learned anything from the previous Admn’s spokesmen
Awwww is poor Mikey mad that the mean old liberals called out his daughter for being a bad liar? I guess just a passing acquaintance with the truth and a total lack of a sense of humor are family traits for the Huckabee’s.
I’m truly sorry for what your daughter endured.  She’s a strong woman holding her ground against the evil MSM.  God bless.

And they used #Gumbo to do it!
Wipe your eyes Snowflake
So they celebrated the Trump platform.
Hopefully they are destroying the Dem Party. Go Sarah!! Love her!
HahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahauahagahahahagahagaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
These hateful lost souls need to turn from their sin and turn to God!
Not a fan of bullies? That’s rich...
I guess you lost?
Sounds like someone needs his pony, popcicle and play dough to get through this trying time. It must be hard to be so thin skinned in today's world. The Huckabee's are #SNOWFLAKES
Freedom of speech is unrestricted, however, Huck his right.  A hate filled rant in the name of humor is bullying.
So sad they can’t lift themselves up w/o trampling others.
Are you aware of the fact that trump just won The Biggest Bully in the World contest?
Poor WHCD
Hey, Sarah's  Dad...u raised one he'll of an awesome DAUGHTER.... thank u sir...
The left is unhinged.
Is this the first WHCD you have witnessed? They're all like that one. They're basically roasts. It's just the little girl in the White House can't take it so he skipped out and let SHS go in his stead to take the heat.
Amen
Sarah Sanders is a true American Patriot and a lady of immense grace and poise! She is a very proud American, who proudly serves her country every day. Thank you Sarah for your public service and commitment to your fellow citizens! You are a credit to your country & self!!!
Oh look, you ended your tweet with “sad” just like the Orange One does! Your role model is a massive douche. You’re judgement is fucked.

Your daughter is a great human being this so called comic is neither funny or attractive. She needs to go back to the gutter she slithered out of.
Making fun of a paid liar who professes to be a Christian.  I enjoyed watching.  I am an American.  I respect anyone who does not support a moron who stole an election by committing treason.
do you need a pony and a Popsicle?

Stop lying.
How is it that under every other President, it's a fun night, but under Trump it's a celebration of vulgarity, bullying, and hate?

Perhaps because _someone_ set the bar?
Dry your eyes, you big fanny.
We love and respect Sarah
When vulgar, hateful bullies act out, they lose the right to call themselves victims when anyone, especially a comedian, calls out their unacceptable behavior.
Hurry. Someone get Mike a pony, popsicle, and Playdough so he can cope.
Trump is not dividing our country liberals and bias hateful media are
One night of lying, insulting and giving America a black eye is nothing compared to the disgusting display your daughter and her boss vomit onto our nation every day.
I thought it was disgusting what that horrible ugly woman said about Sarah, personally I love Sarah for all she does. SHE IS AMAZING!
"If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough to cope!" 

Seems fitting here.
aw, do you need your pony, playdough & popsicle? waaa!
Being her dad, I'm sure the WHCD attack was hard to watch.... being a Christian, American and conservative - it was hard for me to watch, too!  Very surprised that Wolfe's crude & vulgar "jokes" were tolerated - even by a liberal media!  They're gutless!
Nobody has respect for YOU or your lying Kremlin compromised daughter.
Mike YOU helped this backlash with all your snide remarks. The foundation of being snitty that you propagate came back like a boomerang and hit your own daughter. I think you might also want to apologize to her in public for fueling the fire that led to this.

@FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner  @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump  @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS  @PressSec  @KellyannePolls @GOP @realDonaldTrump  @SarahHuckabee @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  @speakerboehner @GOPleader @GOPconference @GOPwhip @reppaulryan @CathyMcMorris @EricCantor
What they do!
Gov. You are too kind. If she attacked my child ????
What would you do?

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Sounds like you need a pony popsicle and some Playdough to cope! I find it funny how your perspective changed in a matter of 24 hours when insults were about your daughter.
Funny how now Sarah is the victim. She chooses to lie to the press every single time she has a presser. I have learned that no one can offend me unless I let them just like no one can make me unhappy unless I allow it. I don’t give my power away to anyone anymore!
Spot on! Perhaps she’s in the midst of learning that lesson, who knows. What I find disturbing is that she and KAC lie so easily. At least, Raj Shah looks like he’s trying to swallow his tongue when he does it. Spicey was obvious too
Awwww daddy’s hurting for his lying daughter

You're confused.  Your party leader and the guy you all happily look the other way for is the bully in chief.  Your party has abandoned any facade of "family values".  It's all oligarchy, screw anything else.
Makes me yearn for that day, 60 years ago, when a mom could walk into a store and motion,  "put that Playboy back down behind the counter where children can't see it,"  and the owner would politely honor.
Touché
Bullying, vulgarity and yes, even hate - all protected by the 1st Amendment
Mixing the facts and truth with comedy can sting! #MichelleWolfKilledIt
Oh, the facts! Like hot totally hilarious it was when Planned Parenthood knocked Cree Erwin-Sheppard's baby out of there! A laugh a minute to the Left. Cree's mom sees it differently.
Aww poor you and the little one !  STOP LYING ALL THE TIME , AND ADVISE YOUR DAUGHTER OF THE SAME.  Then guess what , poof , no one makes true accusations at her anymore .  SELF REFLECTION NEEDED

Stop defending Sarah Huckabee Sanders because she's a woman and start holding her accountable because she's a serial liar.
I know you are very proud of Sarah
Que? You realize this perfectly describes your daughter and her boss, right. No. Of course you don’t.
either tell the truth or you don't! You and your daughter tend to embellish on which way to lean. Can't hide behind Jesus
Governor Huckabee,
A Play doh pony popsicle might help?
Thank you @GovMikeHuckabee calling out this vulgar hater
You should heed your own words, snowflake.
Absolutely true,  why would any administration allow this event to continue?
^ says the man who also tweets this:
It's not fair that ppl are criticizing Justice Ginsberg for skipping SOTU!  Security concerns wouldn't allow her to bring CPAP machine into House Chamber. 
Gee whiz. Looks like there's a snowflake in need of a pony, a popsicle, and some play dough...
Your mock concern is a joke. You should apply that same standard and concern to the office of the president. Otherwise, you're just a hypocrite.
Amen. The press in our country--by and large--is corrupt. They don't care about the truth. Meet a "journalist", meet a phony. Tuned them out in about 2006. Plenty of other sources to find true, factual reporting. By the way, you raised an AWESOME daughter!! You should be PROUD!
Agreed...It was AWFUL...
Bullying, vulgarity and hate seem to be the standard operating procedure in the Oval Office. I agree that your daughter was butt of some vicious jokes, but she chose to take the position of defending vulgar hateful bully.
Shutup, Mike.
Send this video to any #MAGA Deplorable who feels Michelle Wolf's comedy routine was offensive at the #WHCD over the weekend. This president is the most offensive and embarrassing person to ever occupy…

Like Trump does everyday?
Just shut up.
Bullying, vulgarity, and hate? All traits exhibited by POTUS. Lying every day...contempt for the press....you should be ashamed. Just go away

Are you trumping people’s first amendment rights?
What hypocrites you and the so called moral majority are.
Dont worry gov...your classy daughter was attack by a lady who once was arrested and fou d guilty of sleeping with male dogs...yes beastiality sir..facts..its true

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Gov.Mike I agree with you 100%.Love Sarah and she showed nothing but class which cannot be said of the other invited guest in the room.God Bless her.
You don't have to mention bullying, vulgarity and hate separately. You can just say they celebrated the best qualities of this president. And FYI, the office of the president is what nobody in the world has respect for anymore. #maga
if you and @PressSec don[t know how to take criticism ( or jokes ), maybe you should talk to @POTUS44 & @FLOTUS44 
#snowflake
Sounds like someone needs a pony, popsicle, and playdough.
Are you in competition with Trumplethinskin with all the tweets today? Relax, hon; your daughter took her roasting like the man you aren’t. And believe me, what she got there was NOTHING compared to what we say about her—and you!
LOL THE IRONY!!!!  Hey, @GovMikeHuckabee, do you need some coloring books and play dough in your safe space from the #WHCD? So you’re allowed to “offend” the left and be proud of that; but as soon as someone offends back, it’s bullying? Get out.
Why don't you buy a burial plot next to Nixon's? I hear he is aching for your company. Rejoin him ASAP.
The WHCD dinner has reached an all new level of nonsense.  Needs to be shut down or put under new control by folks that understand what it is supposed to be.
Oh come on... the girl comes out and lies to the American peoples faces (and other countries affected by events in the US) almost every day. And you're outraged that someone took her on? Please.... 
Look in the mirror before you open your mouth! How many dogs have your children killed?

Give up tweeting Mike. The rights hypocrisy is off the rails- bigly!!
Do you actually understand what an incomparable hypocrite you are? Or are you so incredibly self-deluded that you actually believe the word vomit you spew contains some modicum of intellectual integrity?

The cognitive dissonance must be absolutely crippling...bless your heart...
Do you need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough now? You guys dish it out all the time but you can't take it.

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
No respect for the media.  Your daughter, Sarah is beautiful and amazing.
So do you need a popsicle or a pony to help with being triggered?
I thought Trump was in Michigan.
Here's a thought, if you don't like being called a liar to your face, how about not lying? Michelle was kind, I call Sarah's makeup "lie shadow" and refer to her as a Phuckabeast. It's hard to respect people who crap all over their own country.
Are you saying that no one should deem to follow @realdonaldtrump's example?  But wait...  isn't he the leader of the free world? Are you saying that he is NOT to be followed?
You Republicans are such snowflakes. Sad!
Because, frankly, Darwinism is not an established scientific fact. It is a theory of evolution, that's why it's called the theory of evolution. Wrong.
A scientific theory is based on careful examination of facts. It is much different from the non-scientific use of the word.
I’m sure you wouldn’t  be saying this if Hillary was her target instead of your daughter.  Your SHS is a liar and maybe that’s why the truth hurts so much. Hypocrisy at its finest
Trumpflake. Waaaaaah


The press was called out. They profit off the chaos of Trump. He says vile things every minute and never says sorry. The people in that room had sticks shoved so far up their asses that they spit toothpicks.They are triggered and need a pony, popsicle and Playdough to cope?
Aww... It's so cute when you conservatives get all hypocritical and butthurt and upset. It's like you weren't even tweeting about how humor works yesterday!
STFU -- @PressSec defends bullying, vulgarity and hate every time she defends this vile @POTUS ... maybe you need to take a long, hard look in the mirror.
That is the first Amendment, sir.  Just like your daughter's right to spew lies is protected, someone may take her to task for it with their speech.   Do you believe that free speech only applies to you and the racist your daughter protects with lies on the daily?
But your daughter Sarah was composed, dignified and refused to let them see her sweat! Grace under pressure, as she does every day!

Huckabee today vs. Huckabee yesterday 
Michelle Wolf:lipstick on a pig
Unbelievable. Keep your outrage to yourself. Trump spews hate and bigotry everyday. And your daughter stands at that podium, backs him up and lies for him the whole time.
 Every word that comedian said was true. 
I think that's what you're really upset about.
Sarah rocks!
I certainly don't endorse the behavior of this comedian.  But as poorly as it was done, it was in the spirit of comedy and in honor of the 1st Amendment.  Trump, on the other hand, has attacked, be-rated, and bullied in formal settings. It's you they disrespect and despise.
Was disgraceful. The #WHCD needs to be abolished or the format changed.
Not America,you dolt, just people like you (christian extremists,neonazis,Trump and the like). Shove your "righteousness" where the sun don't shine. Your president says worst things & U R fine with that?
This is truly rich. Your daughter works for the biggest BULLY ever. Ya'll give hypocritical a new meaning. L
Totally agree.
Sarah Sanders showed more class than those who viciously attacked her. No wonder our country is in so much trouble.
That's a pretty harsh reaction considering it wasn't even a set of jokes at the expense of the dog killing Huckabee.
Actually America has no respect for Huckabees.... #stfuMike

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
 I don't know a soul who's not been battered
I don't have a friend who feels at ease
I don't know a dream that's not been shattered
or driven to its knees 
...when I think of the road
we're traveling on
I wonder what went wrong
I can't help it, I wonder what went wrong 
Bullying and vulgarity? Sorry for a minute I thought you were talking about the president.
So. You didn't watch it then. Just listened to second hand reports without verifying for yourself. Why am I not surprised? Take your faux outrage elsewhere.
... says the Pharisee that voted for one of 2 Barabbases
I am so sorry that people like this behave that way!  This woman clearly should not be talking about another womans looks - she needs to look in the mirror!!  What a horrid person she is!  Sarah Sanders Rocks!
Your sad and gross but you know that 
You mean, like the example being set by our leader (trashing people, bullying people, using vulgarities and hate)?  Don't be a hypocrite.  This is what the mirror looks like when it's held up.
