Had a great time showing the kids around and answering questions from reporters-in-training! #TakeYourChildToWorkDay 

Will #Trump haters always hate him no what?
He already has children in the press room
@POTUS @PressSec #cellmates @GOP

They are much better behaved than most of the press!
You must be so proud! She’s doing great !!
God bless your incredible daughter, she has the  patience of a saint, to have to deal with the White House Press  !!
How about getting the kids out of the White House? I think that is a better idea
I didn't see it, but I bet the ones who were under 21 were acting more mature then those who were over 21 in the usual audience.
Yes, I am sure with @PressSec ‘s help, they can learn to lie, mislead, make up facts, and stifle the free press.
#MAGA #Acosta #FakeMedia did you give Acosta a lollipop  with the rest of the kids
They act more mature then most all the press...
Might as well.  No adults in sight from the gop.
No doubt in my mind that the kids can ask many more intelligent questions then White House Press Corps.
AWESOME 
Really nice !
So refreshing to hear pertinent questions from future journalists vice spewing venom from present zealots.
The kids are smarter than him too.
Well those two red headed whipper snapers with the bow ties were cute as pie.  Wonder who their Grand Daddy is??? ;o)
BEAUTIFUL!!!
They were behaving more maturely than the usual occupants of those seats.

Maybe this way your daughter would not lie.
Governor tell your daughter for all of us , she does a magnificent job everyday with all those ________ !
I love seeing this. I wish there was more coverage of it.
Trump loves the kiddos. 
Loooove this!
So. FUN
At least dotard was surrounded by a group of people with similar knowledge of how to be the president of the United states
so do i
Wait, you mean the really poor questions are not from kids? Sorry, kids, I didn't mean any insults but thought that lack of knowledge was due to inexperience coupled with grade level. Yes, kids do much better than a lot of adults.
I bet they would be more mature and professional then @Acosta .....just saying.....
It’s sad that Democrats and their news channel do not give our President a half of a break !! And he works for free !!

She will be remembered as the biggest liar ever in that position!!!
They would do a better job I'm sure!!!!!!
I loved it too sir! 
Love the idea!!! #KidsInTheWHPressRoom
They Will Call Out Your Lying Real Quick. There A Lot Smarter Then You!
There already are kids in the press room.
It really was fantastic!  I just loved teaching kids how to lie.
Your daughter looked chunky...is she eating her way through her lying?? Hmmm!! You know that Don Juan doesn't like them chubby!!
How could @presssec tell the kids apart from the reporters?
Looks like an incredibly fun day. I wish I could’ve been there!
So cool! Love this 
The kids in will not change things much since some of the MSM regulars act like children already.
After his performance on Fox and Friends this morning, he may not have a need for @PressSec anymore!
I know you are proud of your daughter. She is amazing.
How wonderful!
Trump is the best. You can’t fake this. People not giving him a chance are missing out on history in the making
Respectful and intelligent, how refreshing 
#JeffSessions was strategically put in place by the #Deepstate Obama had intel he gathered on @POTUS from CORRUPT Spying Obama&Clinton knew POTUS was going to win=Enter sessions+#Sessions OBJECTIVE Stall Stall Stall until Trumps impeached or Dems 2020Elec
BUY TIME2BURY CORRUPTION
Well he already normally has a bunch of babies in there...
Well he already has Acosta
She probably had more intelligent questions today
Good God! I wouldn't have one of my children near either one of you ignorant moral eunuchs.
He already HAS a bunch of kids on the press room, every time there's a brief.
Of course because they buy her lies without any questions.

Reminds me of my dad!
We love it  
Yeah, some wrongfully retained and kidnapped kids "preferably"..?  https://www.childabductioncourt.eu/home 
These kids are Certainly smarter than the WH press Corp.
What a fun day for everybody 
So Awesome!
She already has enough children in there everyday!!MAGA
I spot 3 grandkids in this pic.
I love it.  Next time I hope we get advanced Twitter notice. Make it live streaming.
There are always kids in the press room
at least behind the podium ...they'd be more intelligent, honest, and know not to lie to the American people ....@realDonaldTrump
Sara’s so amazing! I bet she was even nice to Acosta’s kids
I saw a picture earlier with one of the youngsters wearing a MAGA hat. Made my day.
The kids asked questions she refused to answer 
They're already there Mike. Sarah's been the only adult in the room for a while now.
GOD bless sarah and the donald !!!
They were better behaved than the usual occupants of those chairs.
Way more under control, respectful & tactful than the press core . Msm Sucks!
lol you're even more dumb as 45 and your daughter 
Now go back and read your sentence and try to figure out who’s more dumb 
What I would give to be one of those lucky kids, the day they realize that experience they had Wow it’s going to be pure amazement.

What a great suggestion.  
America is getting sick and tired of the MSM babies that currently occupy the press room.
I wouldn’t want kids around your disgusting daughter
The moron would have been better off if a child had taken his place in the Fox and Friends interview this morning.
They would probably ask more relevant and genuine questions than the idiots we have in there now.
She guna eat em tho
U r clearly ugly and turns out illiterate as well. I sure do hope u have something going on for yourself and I’m guessing a job isn’t one of them either.
She is a wonderful woman Gov.
Wonder where she gets it from ???
Semper Fi!
They need positive influences around them, not your pathological lying demon seed.
@PressSec needs softballs to keep any semblance of credibility
They ask real questions and they’re smarter.
Not attacking you just a Question...How are you going to (or do) explain to your grandchildren the fact that unfortunately there has been undoubtedly proven false information that has from the White House of THE USA? An institution with a quasi decent track record of truth.
Well they are at the same reading level!
I heard you rub one out into the book of Leviticus.
Trump is known as a disdainful toilet full of charily meretricious yello beans
