At first I did, but now I'm not sure.
It's beginning to look like the chemical attack might have been faked.
I'm waiting for more info before I make up my mind.
Trust Trump. Trust Mad Dog.
Yes
NO!
Yes!
You were about to tell us about Republican morality and how much the First Lady deserves respect. Go on. Now's the time.
Yes

If it's for the betterment of everybody especially to those hapless Syrians in particular.... Why not......by doing so.. It would deter other  foreign adversaries not to get involved because allied powers won't condone this kind if atrocities....
What did that bombing accomplished? We just wasted millions. No strategy just lot of hot air.
Should have gotten congressional approval.
Yes
Bot
Problem is that POTUS needs a strategy, air strikes are easiet
Jesus said carry the sword and kill every living thing.  At least that is the conservative Christian take.
No. What was the desired end state? There was none. None. Crack open Clausewitz sometime.
Yeah. Bombing always makes the situation better.
Yes
Fuck no
Sad truth of it is.  Sure let’s blow the hell out of all non repentant wife beaters.  But let’s not get any innocent blood spilled.  And uh. Did that intel come from our cia. Cuz if it did it must not be trusted.   Or we will end up chasing wmds in Iraq again
Not enough light on subject.  Give Julian assange full reign on data aq. Then have him be my Watson and I will be his Sherlock.  And we will get back to yougod bless. Jesus saves
Yes!
YesI do.
No
Why do you care?
I support the decision made by our President and his administration.
Do not support
Yes yes yes
Just curious... did you give your daughter that necklace?
No.
Only if it was in fact a black opening to help Russian and Syrian troops take out jihadis.  I don't believe the bullshit deep state false flag.
No
Yes
Yes! #MAGA
Yes.
Yes I support the president and our military
Violated law.  Failed. Warned Russia ahead of time. Maybe drop free ice cream next time, same effect.
Absolutely. We should kill as many people as we can. It’s what Jesus would do.
Yes I support president Trump
Yes
Yest I support strikes on syrian forces
You and your daughter are too much. She is sooooo mean. BTW if you want this babies so much adopt one they are left at homes and turn into bad people.

About as much as I support your son’s decision to kill a dog. Or your decision to cover it up.
you should launch a strike against Syria, Mike. go get em.
I support the decision but I sure as hell don’t support you anymore after the story of your bloated self not fitting in an airline seat. HOW DARE YOU?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no I dont
Yes
Yes!
Yes
There might have been reasons that would have justified military action. But on the pretext of the use of CW for which to this day no one was able to produce any evidence, and one day prior to the arrival of the OPCW team, it was wrong.

No! They Syrian people want us OUT! IF we want to interfere, how 'bout saving the white genocide in South Africa!
No, what exactly was the purpose?  The bombing changed nothing.  We will not solve the problems in the middle east, period! We need to get out and stay out.
Absolutely!!
If these are the prophecies of Book of Daniel and Ezekiel, than no matter how we feel or what we do, its going to come to past. But if they are coordinated by the deep state globalist to further their agendas, than we might still have a chance to drain the swamp!
I support..POTUS...
Absolutely
Hell No. Bombing a bunch of poor people what's wrong with you Mike Huckabee
Yes !! Absolutely!!
Hell yes!!

We did this days ago
Yes 
Obviously I have no knowledge of anything related to the strike but I do believe once you draw a red line you must follow through. I know I've read the Russians are wanting to be more cooperative since then
You tell us.
No. Not without congressional approval. As you felt when a black man was in office.
I do and for various reason.1) Chemical weapons are weapons of mass destruction 2) They were used on a civilian pop (Their own pop) 3)How much more likely will they use them on adversaries 4)We struck accurately and with impunity. 5)Don't mess with the USA
You mean the agreed with Russia/just for show just like the first time last year? That one?, we don't like bullshit, so no!, if u will address the issue, DO IT, if not, then Sit down! &stop using our resources to distract other matters!. We see this was talked with Russia, #BS
NO. Bring the troops home.
If it crashes our military industrial complex based economy- so be it. Endless wars with countries that haven't done a thing to us has to stop. Why are we in Afghanistan still? Iraq still?
Syria? It's because we are ran by a shadow government.
The end.
Yes
Have you noticed that @JordanSekulow doesn't resemble Jay Sekulow but, as times passes, he looks more like @GovMikeHuckabee?

Since today's evangelicals no longer care about adultery, I guess it's no big whoop.
Yes!!!
YES
Would Jesus support this decision? You must have a thought or two about this. Put aside your jokes and take a stand on this. Thank you!
no not at all..special forces should extract ASSAD and we should put him on trial for accused use of chemical weapons. He has committed a crime according to the USA. Even Nazis got their day in court! Nuremberg.
We need to get out of Middle East. Send them all back and carry on with making America Great
and Than drugs problem too
YES , Without a Doubt !
Yes
Yes, but ONLY because I trust that @realDonaldTrump would know if attack was a hoax or not....
No
I see this biting us in the ass
It always do!

They're killing our police officer and citizens every day. Sir
YES! 
in America war sir.
No our military Should protection our border and Cleaning up of gangster
Yep!!!
Everything drives to his website. His tweets are turning into clickbait.
Yes
No.
Yes! We cannot sit by and condone any country killing their own citizens.
Yes!
No.
Yes
Yes
no
I heard your wife got felt up by trump 

Just what I heard
So you might want to read up on the TOS were targeted harassment is, And then you’ll understand exactly why you got put in timeout. I have reported your tweet. Have a nice day.
Good luck with the report 

Now go make me a sammich
