here's mine
You need to go back to your cage and ask your caretakers to up your meds
You have a great daughter 
Sarah is the best Press Secretary we have ever had!
Sarah is a professional liar, paid to spew #CLOWNPRESIDENT lies on a daily basis.  Yeah, she's the best at it, for sure
What a horrible thing to say. The dems will be booking you for next years correspondence dinner.
I’m down.
Mike, you support a man who thinks it’s ok to grab woman’s genitalia. You outrage is hypocritical.
So 2 wrongs make a right? Who did Sarah Sanders insult to deserve what she got?
She insults the american people daily when she lies to them. Mike was not outraged when Trump constantly insults people. His outrage is selective and fake.
So she deserves it right? What lies does she tell that insults you?
They were jokes. Hope she can find her safe space.
Hope you can since Sarah Sanders hurt you so badly.
Don’t care anymore. This whole administration is about lying to the public.  I will get back at the ballot box.
A woman of wisdom and grace. Proverbs 31.
Out of context to my comment.
An athiest inturpiting the Bible.
And Jesus loves you.
That you are complicit in your daughter's lying and support an administration and president that has said far worse things than insulting someone's eyeshadow? Yes. We know you're a snowflake Huckster.
Good grief!! So much hate coming from the left. The personal attacks, name calling, put downs. Sadly, that's normal for them. It's what they do.
Can we get your reaction to your daughters daily-lies first?
Which lies are you referring to?
Uhh. Pretty much every sentence that comes out of her mouth.
That’s pretty vague, and pretty much what I assumed to get
Here. http://bit.ly/2HFe5lk 
That’s it? 3 little things that aren’t even that big of deal? Obama said I could keep my doctor.. I couldn’t seems a little bit bigger of an issue to be upset about, those things aren’t even important tbh
No, that was just three or four. You need more there's plenty.
(THREAD) This is an *itemized list* of every lie Sarah Huckabee Sanders told America on behalf of the President in her press briefing today. 
Also, that guy is a complete political moron.. some of the stuff he lists he’s getting from the NYTimes.. you can’t trust that hun
You just made the argument against your entire piece with this, Rev.: "...the First Amendment provides protection from government censorship. It doesn’t shield you from criticism for saying foul and obnoxious things, nor does it protect you from the consequences of your speech."
How you doing?
Oh, Lonny. I'm not a liberal. I'm beyond liberal. Enjoy the next few months because I think your president is going to make it really, really interesting. #MuellerTime
Muller time? It been about a year and a half the man needs to quit already. His investigation is wasting tax money on a non issue. Sorry Hillary and Bernie lost but it is time to move on and get over it. Try again in 2020...

Maybe Republicans and Trump Supporters got a taste of how immigrants, Muslims, and foreign nationals feel. The difference being that the comedy at the WHCD was satire based in truth, and this administrations rhetoric is based on fear mongering lies.
Ol oh my god this stuff is so stupid
She’s an adult, you make rude jokes, grow up
They’re awesome, you however.. never heard of you
They're just jealous
Of?
Class, just pure class!
I think it's more like school on a Sunday type of class. None. Nice legal immigrant of a wife btw, I mean mail order bride. I think one more flag in your title will really drive home how patriotic you are. 7 flags is just not cementing it enough. Go ahead and block me snowflake.
You are the snowflake @walkingdogs   You just got triggered about somebody saying that somebody else had class… Something you lack
Most leftist have no class
“Like college students who flee to their safe space when they hear an idea that challenges them”.  Like what exactly, Mike?
Sexual assault for being female?  Harassment for being gay?  Discrimination for being a race or creed?  Your daughter was ridiculed for lying and bad makeup
She wasn’t even ridiculed for bad makeup!
Your daughter got exactly what she deserved. She got called out for being trumps paid liar. If you want to be mad at someone be mad at trump. He is the one that was too much of a coward to go, so he sent her instead.
You folks keep calling SHS beautifiul...because why?
I only started this twitter account to support your pnenominal daughter
It appears that you are confused to what phenomenal means.... The word you are looking for is repugnant.
You have raised an AWESOME & BEAUTIFUL daughter, so PROUD to have her as our @PressSec. Love, Love, Love her & your family.
LUV U BOTH!
ok snowflake.
Love your daughter! She is one amazing woman!!
Your daughter is as beautiful as the sun.  I love Sara
Both are hard to look at without special glasses w/o going blind.
So you agree. Looking at both leads to blindness. Lol
Sara is a beautiful lady.
She deserves being made fun of.  What would you do if it was a person working a democratic president who constantly told lies?
We already did 8 long years
Not true, while Obama may not have been perfectly accurate all of the time, he nothing like the liar in Chief we have now; furthermore, Obama's misstatements were largely unintentional, rather then the blatently deceptive lies we regularly get these days, parrotted by Sanders
Classy gal. Love her.
You find boot licking and obsessive lying classy? Mmmmmkay.
we love her!! What an amazing job she does with those cry-babies every day. She is beautiful, talented, strong and smart. A great roll model!

Your daughter would never say this, and I beg your pardon but this is a great meme. Your daughter is the best and we love her!! She’s beautiful inside and out!!
I agree with you. There was nothing funny about the jokes the audience had to sit through #WHCDFail
Oh, every one was spot on and hilarious. If you didn't find them funny it's because the underlying truth is uncomfortable to you and you need to assess your morals and what you choose to represent.
If you thought that performance was funny, then you are the one who needs to check your morals.  They seem to be missing.
Cry me a river and realize that you support and voted for a morally bankrupt vulgar joke of a human so don't bitch when someone else makes vulgar jokes about everyone involved with him.
And he still held the moral ground over Hillary.
Mmmmkay. If you say so. Mocking the handicapped, denegrating gold star families, his "locker room talk", cheating on all his wives, welcoming literal Nazis into the fold, etc. The GOP is the most immoral organization on the face of the Earth and its followers are fake Christians
Destroying 30,000 emails after subpoena, making $145 million by selling 20% of our uranium to Russia, stealing the donations from Haiti, private server....  Ok.  Trump still has the moral high ground over your girl.
Mike- your daughter is awesome. I know how damn proud you are of her. You know like the rest- in the swamp, it gets really dirty and nasty. She's a big girl and can handle herself.
Good for you Governor...
As always very well said.
Reads to me like you need a pony, popsicle, & Play-dough to cope.
How did you get all of that from a photo? He's standing up for and defending his daughter. Doesn't matter who she works for. It's what Dad's do.
Yes, when she's complicit in perpetrating endless lies by the commander in chief it 100% matters who she works for... @GovMikeHuckabee is a charlatan feigning fake outrage anyways and needs to take it like he loves to give it.
Was it that they should have served more food?

What's wrong with you? Of ALL PEOPLE, YOU SHOULD BE COMPASSIONATE 
World Class
0.0 people care
Except I care, so there goes your whole theory huh
@PressSec was an example of strength. Great article!
Proud Dad as you should be. @PressSec dishes it out when she has to, and "takes the high road when they go low" ooops I forgot, that "was" a Democrat creed..... NOT!
She never stops on the lie
I like Sarah Mike but when you lie for Trump call people down for Trump your going to get shot back with funny shit. Get a sense of humor something WH lacks a sense of humor and a spine!
Sarah handled that fiasco with grace, class and dignity. Something #44's administration was sadly lacking.

@PressSec definitely has #Dragon Energy Go Girl, We The People and @realDonaldTrump got your back!
Class act both daughter and father
Sir...your daughter is pure Class, educated, intelligent, elegant and beautiful on the inside and out. We love Sarah!!

One classy family. We love and appreciate what you and your family does for our country. A big thanks. Wolflady is history
You have good reason to be proud of your daughter. I know she had good parents and it makes me wonder what sort of upbringing some of the people at the WHCD had. I said before that Michelle Wolf demonstrated almost every quality that my mother did not want her daughter to be.
And @PressSec is everything my father taught me not to be and what I raise mine not to be
Sounds like you'll be eating that popsicle on your pony later.
Is there something seriously wrong with you?
Love the Gov and his Awesome Daughter! 
Your daughter is the disgrace and I loooooved Michelle Wolf’s monologue. I think y’all decided to be offended before the event even started. @realDonaldTrump wasn’t even brave enough to show. If there were no truth to the comedy routine, why was that? Huh?
The hatred that lives in you is very sad. You are the one worse off because of your words. People with integrity don't treat others in spite of differences as you have demonstrated. You are a lost soul.
Oh, you’re so ...I never thought of it that way...j/k. Don’t care about the opinions of fascists.
Oh, so only the president can bully and taunt others. Got it. Comedians should fall in line but he’s got free reign.
Thank you for a wonderful article! We are so blessed to have you & your daughter in public life! We sure need more just like you! (Jude : 2)

Love Sarah
My reaction to the #WHCD 
Your hypocrisy has been duly noted.
A red mumu ? Dude...your losing. It happened. Get over it, Snowflake.
Great advice for the President. Perhaps Dr. Jackson can suggest daily mouth-washing. We can hope it will also help with truthfulness.
Beauty, Grace and Strength.. a powerful combination... and a strong heart all shine through.
#Exactly,  she is a #star @PressSec

What's your reaction to all the vile insults Trump has lobbed at everyone from war heroes, disabled journalists, Gold Star families, women, Mexicans, etc., etc.? Inquiring minds want to know. Your daughter defends a nasty man. You lie w/dogs you get fleas.
We love Sarah!  We are almost as proud of her as you are.
America loves Sarah. She is the epitome of class and integrity.Blessings to you both.
We love you a firm conservative.
Face it, Sarah would not have that job w/o your phone call to Trump.
What was the dog's reaction while your son was torturing it to death?
Grace ,strength and Intelligence,Sarah God bless you,we love and respect you
She is a strong, beautiful woman! #LoveSarahHuckabeeSanders
Sara is beautiful. A gracious woman.  She is to be commended for her unwavering fortitude and resilience.
She is beautiful, smart and brave. You should be a proud father.
He is.
Well said!! She is amazing!

When you hear Michelle Wolfe trashing her just remember all the marvelous times Sarah cut their heads off in the past year...
I'm with you Mike, love Sarah she has been the best press secretary ever!!!
You raised a beautiful strong woman certainly would be a great candidate for the first female president of the United States of America :-) probably why the left attacks her so much haha
@GovMikeHuckabee, @PressSec was radiant at the #WHCD18. Her grace & class were on full display for all to see, as usual, & even under the worst of circumstances. She usually wins through words but dignity conquered all that night. Sarah is a heck of an example for us
It's Tuesday Mike, take a day off !!
He should just go away
Democrat Leads All Potential Republican Challengers In Arizona Senate Race
Sarah said it best herself
Your Daughter Sir Is The Quintessential  Classy  Lady  With Brains... I Can Sure See Her Someday  As The First Lady.....Madam President 

I am watching her riveting performance as Aunt Lydia in Handmaids tale tonight. She was lucky to get a role SO close to her belief system
Sarah is a beautiful human being. You should very proud of her Gov. She is a ROCKSTAR. You did a terrific job in raising her.

Sarah had nothing to prove at that disgrace. She personifies what every woman should want to be. In the old days a trashy act got booed off the stage & if it didn't, people walked out.There is no need, including for a scholarship program as Ed Henry said, to tolerate this at all.
Best reaction ever. Your daughter has the grace of God covering her, it's clear as day when you look at her.
You left out this part.

Love  you intelligent beautiful daughter. She’s great
Going to talk about how if people don't have a sense of humor they shouldn't read your tweets or listen to you when you are on some show?
Nothing as hurtful as someone attacking your child.  I’m seething myself.
It was a critique, albeit scathing, of a lack of veracity, which is in fact the 600 Lb Gorilla in the room, and not your daughter's appearance. It is a lot easier to deflect to a non issue than to actually address her Bosses allergy to the truth or for that matter, civility.
She got off easy.  She’s taking a govt paycheck, and on our dime she runs cover for the Carnival Barker con man. Abuses and disrespects the media daily. You Trumpers luv yur pitbull POTUS, but when someone fights back u get yur butt hurt. Hypocrites
You
Sarah is beautiful, graceful, and intelligent. So proud of her.
@GovMikeHuckabee Your beautiful daughter is one of my heros. Shes not only beautiful, she is eloquent, classy, kind, very intelligent and successful! Plus I love how she puts the obnoxious press in their place daily without a second thought!!!

Omg you are the only one still talking about this.  Your obsessed
Hey mickey isn’t “bearing false witness” still a no no? @michelleisawolf made great jokes and spoke truth to power, something your family can’t understand
YOU Mike Huckabee are a Vile and Vicious Vendor of the False Gospel of Antichrist exactly as Jesus called you out for being. You are here and now called out by me as well as the Demon infested beast you are. Your time to REPENT is passing swiftly. He who hesitates will be lost.
NUTJOB ALERT!!
Thanks for letting everyone know you're a nutjob Tchkids. But really, anyone can see that with the "MAGA" in your profile. Still, nice of you to make sure we all know.

My reaction every time I see @PressSec
Sorry sir, there is no reasoning with them.  They are pure evil!  Wolf has even had sexual intercourse with dogs.  No sir, we MUST act and take them down, however you want to read into this.
The REAL #SmokeyTheLyingBandit Sarah Huck-a-Sanders
Read your commentary. 
I am sure not “A lot” of people asked for your comment on the WHCD. You are not as relevant as you seem to think you are. 
Your daughter is a paid liar who lies to coverup for lies that her boss tells. 
The comments were not about her looks just her lies
Your daughter is willingly paid to lie to the entire world every day for a corrupt administration. She's Baghdad Bob in smoky eye makeup. Your dog murdering son is no better. I don't care about the reaction of a man who claims to be so moral yet who's raised such amoral children.
So was it the comments about how her eyeliner or “Smokey eye” is perfect or the fact that she lies for a living that bothered you?
She must be the apple of your eye! Great smokey-eye makeup, and thank goodness she only undermines our democracy by telling lies for the president. Can you imagine if she, like your son David, tortured and killed dogs in front of small children?
You’re a great father & a great American, Gov. 
That was the sickest thing I have ever seen. The dividing things in the country are the news media, Democrats and most of Hollywood.
She's beautiful smart strong..good job Dad!!
Your daughter is a classy leader ! I know she has thick skin , but it makes me sad that grown people are bullies. Being a bully and being funny are 2 different things .
Can’t quite let it go huckie. Can you?
So proud of your strong, beautiful daughter. Thank her for all us Conservative Republican Americans for taking on the evil that is trying to destroy our Country. @PressSec
You raised a smart, accomplished lady. I hope my daughter will never face such vitriol. But if she does, I hope she responds w/ grace like @SarahHuckabee.
Michelle Wolf killed it. Just like your son killed that dog.
That dinner will never happen again I’m sure! It’s done!
Turn the other cheek Mikey. Or don't you know the teachings of Jesus? Oh yeah, that's right, as a Republican you have your own Jesus that IS NOT the one the rest of the world knows. #Snowflake.
Your daughter is about as classy as the ads on that website you linked to.
Red is definitely her color! 
   
#sopretty 
#PressSec
My is same!!!
This might help you cope, cupcake.
And she's absolutely beautiful intelligent adorable 
White thrash raised by white thrash !!
You have a beautiful and awesome daughter!
I love how these snowflakes and fake Christians can dish it out, but as soon as someone looks at them! They scream like a 5 year old who dropped their ice-cream cone! Absolutely zero sense of humour!

“He made a joke, maybe you guys should get a sense of humor and try it sometime” ~ @PressSec #WHCD  
we need more like you tbh

I can't imagine if someone spoke about my daughter like that I'd probably go up and choke her to death. She's another person that obviously doesn't have a mirror in her house she is not good looking.
We're all going to keep making fun of your daughter as long as she remains a human book burning behind a podium.
But if any of our dogs should die mysteriously, we're holding you and your freak son accountable.
Sweet.
Well done Mikey ... you’re the winner of the least interesting tweet of the week and it’s only Tuesday ... bravo!
SARAH IS A STRONG, poised woman, wife, daughter, & mother who showed class & intellectual superiority as opposed to the baseless, tasteless, vile speaker.the people who thought it was funny&the people who set this dinner! Congratulations! You proved our point! FAKE NEWS IS A FACT
Sarah is class act.
@PressSec #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Maybe your daughter shouldn't get paid to lie to the American people if she wanted a sheltered safe space.
@PressSec is a woman I admire. She has strength, courage, and most of all GRACE!!! What a blessing to have a woman of such character in the WH -God is GOOD!!!
We Love Sarah @PressSec
She was 4th choice. Your daughter has the gig not because of competence or skill but because of her willingness to bend the truth. I know this. You know this. She definitely knows this, which is why her definition of truth becomes more fluid the longer she stays in the job.
Honestly, she looks like you Huckabee in drag she disrespects journalists ever press conference as if she's doing them a favor showing up. She's filthy as if she got that job on her own merits. It's called privileged.
I didn’t think the left could sink any lower then the gutter in their pledge to disrespect their fellow Americans on the right. But, the did at the WHCD. Makes me ill.
You must be so very, very proud of @PressSec .   All little girls would do well to consider her a role model.  <3

Love Sarah!  Inspiration 
You are an embarrassment, Mike.   There may be no greater hypocrite than you.
Great read but when you say you will pray for her I can picture her hearing that and laughing. There is no God on the left. They pushed him out decades ago. That is where they first went wrong
Your daughter is awesome!!! She is doing a great job representing America!!  You must be so proud of her... I certainly would be!!
Mike we get it. No parent wants to believe their kid is a liar or was hit with the ugly stick.
My reaction to y'all    

Your demon seed should be looking for a new job soon so stop being hypocritical.
Well, maybe if @PressSec didn’t lie like she does, then she wouldn’t have had to listen to the truths spoken at the WHCD the other night. No sympathy. She chooses to work for a pres that is a bully himself.
Dear sir, your daughter works for a liar and she lies to protect him. You raised a good soldier in the art of misdirection and the in the black arts of dishonesty.  You should be proud.
Dear civil,

       WHO ASKED YA' ???
Governor, you tend to stand on your high horse when it suits you otherwise you and your Christian values may as well be standing on quicksand for you give as good as you get. @michelleisawolf doesn't need your condescending prayers--one does not go to hell for telling the truth.
You should be extremely proud of Sarah, a class act and a true lady.
Why weren't people this empassioned about the "roasts" toward men?  Last I checked, Sarah is an adult. She surely isn't a victim, nor does she need her daddy to hold her hand.
First female president.
Your reaction to how POTUS speaks about women. Your daughter, Sarah, is a woman. No reaction from you. Lying shill.
@PressSec reaction of grace, dignity and strength in the face of childish name calling will be an exemplar that I teach my granddaughters to role model in the face of bullying. Admiration and great respect for @PressSec!
She reminds me of the Monster on Goonies 
For those who say the 'jokes' were not personal attacks about looks or character, here's something to reflect on -- a criticism of the left from the left.
I’m sorry that someone had the nerve to try to embarrass your family, Mike. You guys have been doing that spectacularly all on your own.
To be fair his son killing that dog was kinda embarrassing too.
Yeah, that was implied

.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
Governor you and your wife are very lucky to have a great family. God bless you
Met you in Elkhart In and you were great. You have a very gracious daughter I am proud of her as a citizen and you must be in seventh heaven having her for a daughter. Keep up the great work Sarah.
After all lies that Sarah had said, @PressSec certainly deserved it
Enough said
Watch out or Mike will sick his other sociopahic son on you to kill your dog. The other one already tortured and hung one.
that 'wolf' character was hideous and not funny at all. I love Sarah and i think she is beautiful inside and out. She is the best thing to ever happen to the WH Press Communications.  She sets the bar very high. #MAGA

Too bad you didn't teach her Christian values - God hates a lying tongue.


Who cares Mikey what you think. You're a has been. Washed up. 
Move along little doggie and let us fix the mess you and The @GOP got us in.


Love you Sarah and pray for your family.
Love Sarah!!
I hope it was Christ-like in His image.
Hey, remember when your daughter derided Nancy Pelosi for allegedly looking unsmiling and bitter? Was that OK with you?
Kind of ironic, really, as your daughter’s expression during Press sessions is invariably one of sour-faced truculence.
You perpetuate the lie that the roast made digs at her personal appearance, when it didn’t (aside from saying she had perfect eye make-up). You could have condensed your reaction to “waah, waah, waah”.
Your daughter is a paid liar.
Sounds like somebody need “a pony, popsicle and some play dough to cope”.
Her smokey eye is on fleek, wouldn't you say?


Lie down with dogs, wake up with fleas.  Your daughter chooses to lie and spin 45’s behavior every working day, and that is her prerogative! Still, she (and you) can’t whine when she gets called on it. You’ve said worse about others, so stop clutching your pearls.

and mine along with 300,000,000 other Americans
Sara is great. We love both of you
I sure wish we had a great daughter like yours.
But DRUMPF can say anything he wants?????
I would agree SHS handled herself with dignity. No disagreement. But you need to look  n the mirror. You words are part of the problem. Sarcastic, pointed, petty quasi-facts. Then you hide behind Jesus. You are part of the problem.
We love your beautiful daughter Sarah, @GovMikeHuckabee! What a refreshing example of intelligence, class, and dignity she exudes! You done good raising her, Poppa!
She is strong and pretty.
