Mike, Mike, Mike....I can't believe I'm actually going to read something Kohn wrote.
I learned my lesson w/ her years ago.

But I'm trusting you. Don't disappoint me!
Okay, that was NOT worth my time. Not at all. She's still arrogant and gross.
If you can't find common ground off that article, then I think the "left-right" divide in this country is insurmountable.
I used to be on the left. It went TOO far TOO aggressively.
Trust is earned. I don't trust those on the left, including her. The left is now far-left, too secular, too dictatorial, and too irrational. 
What Mz. Sally wrote was rather plain-vanilla -- no "courage" required.
What is an example of "the left" going "too far" for you?

What are your thoughts on Christian progressives, who are clearly not secular?

Does it concern you that the "irrational" left are the ones defending science, data, and research while the "right" constantly attack them?
You see, that comment right there gets my goat. To lump conservatives as anti- science is ridiculous. I teach AP envi sci & bio - Come to our school & meet an entire sci dept full of conservatives doing remarkable things, like winning STEM competitions with our kids!
I know individual conservatives who are not anti-science, but they do not align themselves with the fundamentalist wing of the party (e.g. Huckabee).

That doesn't change the fact that the party itself is waging a war on facts and science (e.g. The EPA). Does that concern you?
No,that's not a fact at all. How so? Plz explain. B/c Trump drop kicked the do-nothing Paris Ag't? Did u read it? Global warming is bunch of malarky. How is that "waging a war on science?"Ridiculous.EPA has gotten to be a big bloated bureaucracy.Some reshaping is in order there.
It's an important piece, & one that matches what I've learned from my conservative friends, even friends like you who (like you) advocate for politicized fundamentalism. Why did you feel the need to work in an attack on liberals in a piece about trying to listen to each other?
I read it and don't believe it.  She only did it because she's trying to sell a book and will go back to her usual liberal arrogance once her book is done.
It’s no wonder your daughter can lie with a straight face
Uncalled for, you, bye
I must agree with Sally As an Independent all my friends w  includes pastors all have negative views abt POTUS! I am in constant explanation mode with them those on Twitter a Facebook! I tell them he is a Divine Appt I respect the presidency NO room f HATE!
Do you know many liberals?
Sorry but you are wrong.
Why don’t you just go away and live off your former parishioners millions that you took from.
I hope you learn something from her.

Then stop with the sniping , insults and attacks Mr Huckabee. If you think you can win on logic and facts then stick to these as your weapons in the national policy debate
Gov Huckabee I think you’re a stand up guy but I ain’t buying this one!
Have tried several times to comment on your colums, but always give up trying to do the "prove ur not rebot" puzzles.
You posted this the other day. Is she paying you?
Thank you @GovMikeHuckabee for all you do and for raising an incredible daughter that we’re all proud of @SarahHuckabee God Bless, always!
GOD has you on his short list HUCKLEBERRY
How hard would it be for you to simply recommend something without insulting people by insinuating that, because its well written, liberals will hate it? Just say, “I recommend this piece.” See how easy that is? That’s what an actual Christian would write.
You underestimate how brainwashed those genocidal globalist FemiMarxist lunatics are, Governor. She could publish a Cookbook for Cannibals and they'd lap it up.

#MAGA #AmericaFIRST #FormerTrump #ImpeachTrump #PeaceForSyria #FireBolton #FireHaley #JQ #BDS #NoMoreWarsForIsrael
and you are not brainwashed? because the media you watch surely is not trying to make you believe and disbelieve certain things? you want to protect your believesystem through opposing any other opinion. the day will come, that you will have to open your mind!
Stop trying to humanize the opposition, Gov! Now I'm going to have to dehumanize you. ;)
Huckabee and establishment shills need to keep people divided as liberals in order to controll the narrative. A true Christian would be working to bridge gaps, not make them bigger.
Oh so now we are your "friends."
She isn't exactly innocent. But, it's a start.
That article sounded a lot like a Christian attitude to me.
She must have called you a Christian
Written with all the intention of dulling the mind. Compromise, while admirable, is worthless with the socialist progressives and global socialist. It's been proven time and and again and is tested by time. They have no intention of compromising their ultimate agenda.
Are all progressives sociaiist ? Are all capitalists war mongers? Are all Muslims terrorists? Are all food stamp recipients lazy? Even teachers working 2 jobs to feed their kids?
Nice opinion piece. @sallykohn
Remember, you can’t spell conservative without the letters C-O-N
U cant spell c*** without the letter.U
go teach sarah to lie more.
Wow....she certainly made very valid points. I started turning her off when she'd be on Fox because she'd make my blood pressure go sky high, I'm glad she's taking a better look at herself!!
If only you could try the same...
Yup, she’s through!
You read more liberal stuff than a liberal. Really jacked up.
You don't have any friends on the demo side
#GovMikeHuckabee I was once told by a missionary, that to bring people to Christ, you must love on them - people aren't use to being loved - especially in this world permeated with hate speeches.  In like manner to reach the liberal, we just love them where they are.
Great read @GovMikeHuckabee. To bad many of the liberals that take time to hurl insults at your tweets won't take time to read this post. BTW, great pic, you are so handsome .

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Why does everyone have "must Read" lists today??? NOBODY CARES!
It’s very nice to read something not pushing hate or blame for a change. While I may not see things as ms. Kohn does it doesn’t mean I have to hate her or avoid her. Sometimes it’s nice to have a discussion w/ppl who see things differently but rarely happens because ppl get angry
Thanks for this encouraging word!
Liberal lefty Silly Sally is always right.
I remind you my friend that kindness is a fruit of the Spirit. It's less how we employ A-B-C in communicating with those we may disagree with, but in how we employ J-E-S-U-S. I applaud your endorsement of recognizing the communication challenge on both ends of the spectrum.
Sally sure looks a lot like you, poor thing.
Glad to see you are fair and balanced sir.  Thanks for sharing...
What a weird time to put a pic if yourself. Doesnt match what was written....
I will NEVER read anything written by her.
Gov Mick Cuckabee
Is that Sally's photo?
Love you Governor Huckabee....your words are so important for the country and your  humorous jargon is always welcome!!!....plus you have a mighty fine daughter!!!!
Nice happy looking picture.
she's writing about lying, bigoted, hate-filled folks like you, Mikey ...
You don't have any liberal friends. You only have hate.
Why do you tweet so many pictures of yourself?
They are all fn narcissists!
Huck, Why pitch the words of Liberals?
She may want to sneek in as a Maga 
