No... South Korea did all the work... Trump has done nothing
What's happening in North Korea is % a result of what President Trump has been doing . His tough talk done in view of the public eye combined with the behind the scenes negotiating with China has given us the desired results we see today.
Absolutely! #MAGA
Absolutely 
The White House is using this to SCORE POINTS. Trump DID NOTHING, to affect their decision. Does a man who  made statements LIKE THESE deserve a "PEACE" prize?

Nope
No.
President Trump should be given the Nobel Peace Award; for not backing down to N Korea.  N Korea  shutting down missiles.
Yes I do. Give him the nobel peace prize!!!
Yes!
But they are sure eager to discuss Mueller's/Trump and Cohen, gloating, looking forward for anything they think is bad news for d Pres. The whole panel is bias.
Gov I noticed today at MornigJoe, that when this reporter went to Indiana, spoke to the people and told her that 73% of d State was Trump's country, neither Mika nor Joe acknowledge it.
Absolutely
Yes  I do give him credit  I sincerely for the world and the North Korea  people  hope that he can get this accomplished   I do believe that if anyone can  he can
Yes I do !! And for all the other great things he’s done for our country.... why the left can’t see this is beyond belief!!









Done!
Only American people think that the south Korean and north Korea care what Americans think!
Some. Together with @nikkihaley, the world community, sanctions, China, and, the lion’s share to President Moon.
No.

please tell the world. With evidence. Exactly what diaper don trump did... seriously. You're talking about the guy who just took credit for the Korean OLYMPICS lol.
Nope.

"Every week you stand in front of a microphone and willingly perpetuate falsehoods that do great harm to millions of people.

As a Christian that has to be rough—or maybe it isn't."

…

Yes.
Of course they won’t....Korea does because they know how ineffective our other Presidents were. Trump held his ground to a nuclear threat....and now everyone is talking. Thank God he was our President....or we would have ourselves another useless deal.
Absolutely not at all.
Why does he deserve credit? He only golfs and tweets on his golden toilet.
He deserves no credit as trump has done nothing.  If he destroys the Iran deal we may give him “credit” for allowing Iran to have nuclear weapons something President Obama was able to stop without firing a shot.  Trump and your lying daughter are embarrassing us every day.
No
Hell no
Yes, I do!!  Listening to Lester Holt last night, you'd think Pres. Trump had something to do with the Obama/Iran Nuke Deal, and how that deal could hurt the N. Korea Deal!?  The NBC propaganda...never uses Obama's name, so the dumb public has no clue!
Yes
Hasn't done anything.
No
You got my vote, Gov. M.H.
No. That piece of shit doesn’t deserve credit for what’s going on in North and South Korea.
Nope. North and South Korea get the credit. Trump’ll be lucky if he doesn’t ruin everything.
Totally
No. This has been happening for years. This is, most likely, Kim's credit.
Yes

Actually even the international media, they give credit to China and South Korea.
100% CREDIT to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump! I agree with President Moon, #TrumpForNobel
North Korea stopped the Nuke Program do to an Explosion and not because Drumpfuck aka Trumpendejo. Can't continue with all the personnel death.
Huck you are blind,save yourself come to the @SAMMPOTUS 2020 TEAM
http://samm2020.com 
One of Us for All of Us
It was a Tunnel collapsed at North Korea’s nuclear test site, according to a media report.
All Nuke program Personnel death. Last test Sept 03.
Explosion Oct 10.
I think GOD worked there not Drumpfuck aka Trumpendejo.
@SAMMPOTUS 2020
http://samm2020.com 
1,000% credit.....
Yes. Of course 
No, because it was China who told him to chill out- largely because they view us a joke now. Hmm, I guess he did have something to do with it after all.
Hell yes just like we credit Obama for giving Iran the nukes and funding their military exploits.

Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Make your case, Mike
Only Conservatives like us do, Governor! Democrats refuse to give him Credit for anything! I would love to see thePres. receive theNobel Peace Prize for the Denuclearization of N. Korea! That would be aReal Kick in the Gut/Butt for All Dems! "Make my Day!" as Clint Eastwood said!
I certainly do!
no.
Absolutely
And full credit when things maybe go unhinged?
NOPE.
No.  Because he doesn't deserve credit.  These are policies that have been going on for decades.  Not one single person deserves credit.  Why should we give one person credit?
YES YES YES
Of course 
No. He is not responsible.
No. Trump was threatening war. Cooler heads from SK, China and even NK actually used diplomacy; something Trump knows nothing of.
Well, did they really want it? Hillary was against a United Korea, her private stand. Did they really want it? You know, the “government” that was going to kill the President according to Phil Mudd.
Yes but let’s see it through
Yes !
Huck you are a sold out and an Idiog

No way. Donny the bully did nothing but tweet reckless comments.
Again you must have bumped your head.DELUSIONAL and CONFUSED...... seek medical attention now
For tweeting a bunch of idle threats?
I give trump credit for tarnishing the office of the President of the U.S. with insults to world leaders and misleading the citizens of America. Your daughter is nothing more than an enabler .
Yes, absolutely
We'll see how it ends up
Oh hell no. 
Also, there is something deeply wrong with you and your family.
They wont
No. He's not even participating. Only a damned idiot would give him credit.
Yes

Absolutely. He deserves the credit. The fake news are out of control.
Nope
No... Don't be ridiculous.
Like the dog lol
No. He couldn't have an original thought of his own. Must be his lead advisors. Ivanka, Kelley Anne and Sarah,  or perhaps Kelley. Guess that's why things are so fu***d up.
Not just NO, but HELLO NO!  Mike you on crack or something.
Yes !!! Way to go Mr President!!
He is definitely a huge piece of the puzzle. It's a team effort !
Absolutely! God gave us a awesome president
Yes
What part did he play in uniting them? Even Bolton is skeptical this is legit. So again, explain how @realDonaldTrump brokered this deal? Show us.
No.
You should stop watching like I did. Watch fox before 3
Yes
Absolutely!!
100%, YES.
No why he has done nothing
We all know it was Trump 100%
Your son tortured and murdered a dog, your daughter is a corrupt liar, and you’re a mumbling trash pile. 
GFY, billy.
Yes I do believe in President Trump because he is doing a very fine job even with all of the back stabbers!
In a word  NO
President trump deserves the credit for North Korea. South Korea President Moon even said so.
Amazing that Barack Hussein Obama was awarded Nobel Peace Prize for doing nothing but keeping us at war and appeasing our enemies. Made a mess of foreign policy, but Trump is fixing that mess. President Donald Trump has EARNED that Nobel Peace prize!
Yes
China is by far the largest political influence on North Korea, but just like Chester from Looney Tunes you have have to bounce around in front of the president trying to make sure he gets all undue credit.
Sir ! Yes Sir!
No. I give the collapse of their nuclear test site credit. Our asshole president only brought us within inches of war. That's not something to write home about
Hell yes! Who do they think got Kim Jong Un to rethink his position. Still don’t trust the little weasel quite yet, though.
Hell Yes!!
Hell ya
Nope
I watched the Michigan speech. Good crowd of folks. He is getting credit where it really is of value.
The president doesnt deserve any credit. There has been no deal made and the meeting with South and N.K. he didnt have anything to do with.
You just showed how little your informed and lack of paying attention ...this is good vs evil  educated and turn the tv off ! 
Yes.
Absolutely!!
We will
Yep
For sure
Nope
The media is trying to figure out a way for the credit to go to Obama, but it just isn’t there.
No
There is no need because people recognize this accomplishment without them
Can you receive the Noble Peace Prize while you’re in jail? Asking for a friend!!!
That would be like giving you credit for the missing head of your dog.
I heard one of the talking heads state that we have been here several times before.

REALLY???
Yes, my father served just after the war, I served there twice and my son just got back from Korea, American families have paid a price, the time is now to end it.
No
Yes!
Yes I do
Yes yes yes
Because he doesn’t deserve credit. They leaders of the respective Koreas are speaking because of their mutual fear of an  unqualified, unintelligent, unstable @POTUS. @realDonaldTrump has done absolutely NOTHING except what he usually does- name calling and unhinged threats.
China and Korea does but you don’t huh ...because your more informed then “they” are the ppl involved right? Pls use your brain !
What is happening between South Korea and North Korea is despite Trump, not because of him.

He’s always quick to take credit where it isn’t due, but he never takes ownership of his steady stream of failures.
Would you kindly clarify your response as to what his failures have been?
Well, the Nobel Prize winner deserves peace. One not. Two !! #Trump2020
I don't think a deal should be made unless Rocket Man surrenders, not only his nuclear capabilities but himself. Publicly. To his people. Otherwise he'll be a hero to them. Unconditional surrender.
If you think about it, this was little rocket man's plan all along. To reach the point of nuclear weaponry in order to gain respect from US. Whereby we would help him and his country be wealthy. He won. There is no danger of there not being a deal.
Sure, he would have preferred to have us come to him to make a deal, not shut him down the way we did and Surround him with our military might to force him to make the first move, but the end result is the same.
No, but I'll give him credit for Russia
No
Yes!!
YES...YES...YES...YES! President Trump deserves credit!
Sarah Huckabee Cow-Head.
They’re pulling for Kim to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
#Sychophant
Nope.
He hasn’t done much yet Tex. But if Un dumps nukes and allows in inspection then you have something
You don’t get the Nobel Peace Prize for threatening people, calling people names or barebacking  porn star and lying over 3,000 times since taking office. You also don’tget it for obstructing justice or conspiring with Russia.
Peace through strength has worked far better than red lines that retreat. No litres, collusion or obstruction have been proven true but have been declared to have no presidential involvement. Henny Penny
It's hard to tell what Trump deserve credit for, and what he needs to be held accountable for, because his press secretary is a liar.
He hasn't done shit. Why should he get credit for not being there.
Many of us don't care what Trump accomplishes. It is obvious that he is a lying, bullying, self-serving conman, & those who support him are complicit in the degradation of American values. Character counts!
If South Korea is giving him the credit who is our pathetic MSM to deny that ?
We know stealing credit is part and parcel of American history, but slow tf down.
Yup, no brainer
Or with a turn back to Religious Freedoms, Economy, exposing Lying Press & exposing Liars/Leakers in Power! PTL PS I'm hoping 4 trickle down religious freedom 4 me not to mention protection from Medical Mafia Lawyers via PIs & VIOLENT Radical Activists from Vigilante CRIMES 4 $!
If course I give him all the credit
ABSOLUTELY!

Hell YES!!
Remember when Hillary was out telling everyone that Trump’s approach would basically start a war? I wonder how she’s spinning this in her head not to feel like an idiot!
Even SK President Moon thinks Trump deserves a Nobel Peace Prize... but oh yea.. SPIN!
President Xi gets the credit. Get your head out of your ass.
Yes! President Moon does too! Enough said!
Realistically,no. Kim needed to prove N.Korea was a Nuclear Power in order to prevent trump or other hawkish govts from stepping in arbitrarily (at any time) & removing his regime from power. Mission accomplished. Perfect time for peace talks,removal of sanctions.
Voted.  of course he deserves credit.  Anyone with a scintilla of brains, liberal, RINO, or conservative knows that
Yes
It doesn't matter the silent majority will on election day amidst the fake news fake polls we the people see clearly
HELL YELL=MR TRUMP HAS DONE MORE IN T PAST 18 MONTHS THEN T LAST 4 PRESIDENTS PUT TOGETHER AND T AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW THAT FOLKS.PERIOD.
*GOD BLESS AMERICA
GOD BLESS MR TRUMP*
MAGA
This one proud Reg Dem here has open his  and and see’s what a fantastic job our Potus is doing even with the obstructionists Dems trying to beat him down along the way! PS, Have not voted Dem since 2007. Gov Huck, you’re amazing daughter is doing a beautiful job btw.!
#maga
But we the people will!!
He deserves the Nobel peace award, instead he gets Mueller leaking questions, we are sick of the illegal Mueller probe.
Ironic isn't it that in the wake of this peace initiative that the media is reporting that Kelly called Trump an idiot, and Mueller's question were somehow leaked to the press? Wouldn't be to ensure that people won't recognize Trump's achievements, would it?
Yep.
Three people in room. One rants, bullies, shouts. Other 2 off to side actually converse and make deal. Ranter runs in front to grab credit & display tail feathers. That would be djt.
The MSM in the USA  , Israel   and the EU is despicable

Trump and his Q team of white hats deserve all the credit ##Qanon #MAGA
Yes absolutely ! Your right he likely won’t get credit from liberal left! He is #MAGA no denying it!
Why do we have to acknowledge, "main stream media"?
They are not doing the job, they're paid to do.
So why bother with them?
A big part - yes

No.
I do. 
@POTUS @FoxBusiness YES! He has done more in a year than Obama did in 8. Besides he had to regain Trust from our Allies and clean up O’s MESS. They won’t give him credit no way. He won on Taxes. They’re gonna kick&Scream. But, people are HAPPY  & WORKING. We’re on to haters.
You think our allies trust a more now? LOL
YOU BET’Ya Donnie Boy!

