Mike please join in prayer for my son in law with terminal cancer and my daughter that is facing a diagnosis with her lymph nodes due to thyroid  previous cancer. I really am asking for prayers for Daniel and Melissa. Thank you. I stand with Jesus.
Let's take a poll of how many arbitrary  passengers on the same flight together on a plane about to crash, if they had to choose either/or only based on that, would choose a Christian over an atheist as the pilot...just in case?
I vote Christian!
I take it you didn't vote for Trump then!
I take it you think it's clever of you to say that.
Well, I thought it was a point well made as there's nothing 'Christian' about making life harder for the needy in order to make the ultra rich even wealthier is there?
And I'm not sure if Jesus would approve of his serial adultery, compulsive lying, belittling of women, criminal behaviour and obsession with enacting revenge on anyone who's slighted him. Not really Christian traits are they? 
And here's the truth. Your compulsion to find fault with the President, is not healthy or productive for you. If you've got a candidate better than Hillary Clinton, you better produce it or quit whining.
Its not a 'compulsion'. He has a severe personality disorder. It's well-recognised. Try reading up on it before being so goddamn condescending 
https://www.amazon.co.uk/Dangerous-Case-Donald-Trump-Bandy/dp/1250179459 …
"Heroic pilot BANNED from consideration for CMA Foundation Board due to religious affiliation!" - News at 11
BS.  The CMA dumped Huckleberry because he is homophobic.  Many CMA members are Christian.
Sandra- The CMA was threatened by a homosexual country music producer, Jason Owen and told that if Huckabee was in, then he was out. Mike is a practicing Christian. If there are other "Christians" on the CMA board, why didn't they speak up? http://www.openbible.info/topics/homosexuality …
Let me get this straight.  Homosexuals are sinners, but a President having sex with a porn star while wife has new baby is OK
We were never talking about your President. Wrong thread.

Nice. Nondescript reply for when you don't know what to say and need an out. I thought so. You are excused.
Time to mute you
I wish the current @potus was...any of those things.
President Trump is all those things and much much more
Oh Yes, #DonaldTrump aka DavidDennison aka John Miller, aka John Barron is SO Much More that's for sure!
Quit being an ass.  Even born again Christians watch CNN.  By perpetuating the "us vs. them" mentality, you ARE the problem in this country.   I voted GOP until the latest clown was the nominee for pOTUS.    CNN is a whole lot more balanced than Fox (used to watch them).
Too bad you don't behave in a Christ-like manner.
So we need to plaster the news when a Christian does something awesome? I don’t recall doing that for a Jew, a Muslim or anyone of another religion.

Tell me why that is notable? There are a billion+ Christians in the world. Do they all deserve applause for doing something well?
The religion that persecuted and murdered millions of people for hundreds of years pretends to be persecuted because they can't force their religion on others always!
You should talk that way about Islam. Twitter will ban you.
During the crusades, the Islamic armies killed hundreds of thousands of Christians.  

The the Christian armies killed hundreds of thousands of Muslims.

Let’s wait and see if I get banned...
What does religion have to do with anything you dork?
God you're stupid.
did she torture and murder any dogs? isnt your son a christian too?
God is good! 
And female. Lol
AMEN!!!!!
Lol shhh you have said to much, it may be on the out already
So you are wishing Hitler a happy birthday just because he is a Christian? I'm glad he is dead and don't care what religion he was

This pilot is a well trained badass who kept her cool and showed mad skills 

Don't make this story part of your fake war on shit no one cares about
Why is there a picture of you? You're none of these things.
She's might be a Christian but not the same type of Christian as you. A real Christian doesn't starve the poor and give everything to the wealthy.  Your pseudo-christian values have no correlation to her values.
Ask yourself why god blew up that engine and killed that woman. It was pretty stupid of god to kill someone so mike hucksterbee can prove that “Christians are cool!
So is Nicholas Cruz and every other white supremacist.  What is your point exactly?
The important thing is her skill and experience.  Most of your kind of CHRISTIAN would prefer not to have a woman in the cockpit at all.
If she wasn't that was a come to Jesus moment. Angels on the wings!
Ms Shults did an awesome professional job and made God proud. She literally saved the lives of her fellowman. God bless her.
Poor Christian me! We are so persecuted! Look at them persecute us! Poor poor us!
What a fool. Must they report what he's trained, paid for  and expected to do? Do yo get to be called a hero when you preach?
Omg who cares their religion?  Why are you such a peckerhead mine?  Why?  If they were Jewish would it change?  Catholic?  Atheist?????
All you Huckabees's, just can't stop lying with your every breath...
https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/18/us/southwest-pilot-landing/index.html …
https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/18/opinions/southwests-hero-pilot-kayyem/index.html …
This is what "Christian" looks like:
So if she was a Muslim, Jewish or Jehovah Witness, she would have crashed the plane?
Let's not forget, she's had years of training, education & experience!
OH..MY..GOD.... should I be putting "Christian" on my resume???  #Asshole
Her Air Force training saved that plane, nothing more and nothing less.
We had the masculine tense covered with "we need a Sully"! Tammy Jo comes along & matches that & more. Instead of just adding a ho-hum feminine version "we need a Shults", she enriches us with we need a "Holy Shults". TJS Strong!
Don’t worry in the version that CNN reports pilot will be a vag hat wearing transgender Muslim.
Toss the Christianity its only a kids story with respect.
Yay

What if she was a Muslim?  Would you support her the same and prop her up?
Please DON’T tell @cinemax that this park bench loitering weirdo is backward, buxom and baby daddy to sarah sanders or they won’t zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Dang, Preacher.  CNN has been reporting that she’s Christian.  We’re just not so sure about you anymore.  #lakeoffire
It is so refreshing to read your tweets!
Do tell...
Her actions speak volumes! 
My lips are sealed.
Must feel terrible to be so persecuted. It’s like you can’t even go into a Starbucks without the cops harassing you.
What if........CNN calls their reporter- "Ah forget the interview shes a Christian". Reporter tells cab driver- "Just take me back to the airport." The reporter boards the plane and there stands......., Guess who his pilot is!!!!!
Why is it a picture of you???
Wonder if she knows your a hypocrite?  Crazy question...  Of course she does she has a brain!
Ok Mike!
Faith wins
Ran outta Hillary fantasies there chief?
And handsome
Huck is a schmuck
Oh so your saying God blew the engine & sucked the woman out the window killing her to promote Christianity?Sicko!
And you are proof that Christian does not automatically equal good person.
Oh my God, that was right on!
Amen!!!!
Love it Governor!
All you are is a flame ignition for hatred, trouble and misTrust. What kind a Christian are you? What God do you follow.? Seems like the devil.
GOD BLESS ., 
#InGodWeTrust
Are you saying Jews are bad pilots?
False premise.  Why do you needlessly try to inflame people's passions for no good reason?  #Charlatan
The fact she is Christian is way down the list of qualifications that should be hi-lighted. I could care less what God’s she worships. Is she competent, skilled, calm, talented, well trained, pick one. You truly are desperate at trying to stay relevant in today’s world.
You are one sick individual. You actually think that Christian counted?! Wow.
No one gives a fuck what her religion is.
Simmer down Mike. You are listening and paying too much attention to yourself.
Why are you implying that CNN is anti-Christian?

Yup. Don't tell #CNN. Those chuckleheads are all about facts. Dumb elites. They think they're better than us because they have all their chromosomes.
Lol! Ohhhh nooooo....You found CNN out!  You are such a self righteous scum bag who is twisting and cherrypicking the Word of God for ur own personal gain and politics.  Good luck with that Huckster!
Jesus didn’t land the plane suckabee
Love this!
'Christians' don't seek with every word they utter, to divide Americans - why do YOU Mike???
His Christian faith is insecure and must be supplemented by his juvenile bullying
Just tell them it comes from either Huckabee or trailer trash daighter and they'll have no interest chasing any of that BS.  For the record, so was the lady that died.
God bless you for standing with us 
Boom!  Love it
Which of those things are you?
You need to do an American stand up tour called "Make a America Happy Again" then come to Canada
You can not even pay the lady her earned compliment without taking attack on someone else?
Make 2 tweets!
Trying for a way to incite the religious right?
Most of us see right thru you Huck!
Christians are smarter than you GOP manipulators give them credit for.
Sarah wired yet?
Her being a Christian had nothing to do with the way she acted in times of great stress.  Christians aren't being persecuted, they don't deserve a pat on the back for being christian.  What if she were Muslim?  Would it matter to you then?
She was OUTSTANDING!
Calm is contagious and she proved it!
The fact that she is a Christian gives no credibility to you.  She most likely is a real Christian living Boerne, TX.  You are fake & a shill for Cadet Bonespurs
Why do you add a photo of yourself to every tweet?
Despicable Huckanut! Get him off the air! Lying hypocrite!
I posted on my webpage that she is also a huge Trump supporter who donates half her pay to NRA and patrols border w/ AR15 in her free time!
i think bill is scared to let your banjo playing overshadow his clarinet
if i was bill Clinton..i would have given huck a room in the museum for the governor....maybe a huck center or something you think for two large floors, something
CNN will give debate questions to the Democrat candidate.
By the way, I agree with your seat assessment on the CRJ 200.  
She said she had 149 souls on board!  My Christian flight attendant friend loves Tammie Jo!   They both serve the public and see it as a way to witness for Christ on every flight
Oh my gosh!  Tell me it isn't so!  
Wonder how many silent prayers she said asking for help in landing that plane safely?
Who cares whether she is christian. Maybe you should tell sara not to lie?

Try taking a HUGE step back and examining your ridiculous words.  It's called "PERSPECTIVE."  And neither you nor your lying daughter have it.  
Pretty sure the last REAL Christian (who, incidentally, happened to be Jewish!) died on the cross.
WHAT??
Awesome!!
Nobody gives a shit that this brave pilot is a Christian what matters to our citizens is that this courageous woman saved many lives .
Don’t speak of Christianity when your daughter @SHSanders45 and you lie relentlessly! GTFOH
Oh stop it, you are so persecuted, heard they have lions at CNN....get a life or do something with yours other than whining about persecuted Christians...
This is a great picture of you, Governor.
Don’t mention she is CHRISTIAN 
I love your humor!
Unlike Reverend Corn Pone with his pathetic, " please make me relevant again" tweets and misinterpretations of scripture.
Reverend Corn Pone!  Shot that coffee right out my nose, AGAIN!
https://www-m.cnn.com/2018/04/18/us/southwest-pilot-landing/index.html …

You don't have to be an ass all of your life. Are you suggesting she only acted in a calm, cool and collected manner because she is a Christian? Your bigotry keeps shining through.
What the hell does religion have to do with a well trained professional doing their job? Nothing. This is pointless to tweet this. Get a job.
Another blazing hot take from the rich, white, right-wing, Christian who is so ridiculously “oppressed” he feels the need to pull insignificant details out of a dramatic story to highlight said oppression. 

You sir, are a putz.
This lady impresses me and she is obviously a good pilot
Amen...........
Yet you, display unchristian like attributes by making fun of the woman who was killed in the Southwest incident. Think before you post stuff Mike. What has happened to you?!?
Always the victim.

The majority of us don't give a shit if she's a Christian, a Muslim, or an atheist.  We don't believe it's of the utmost importance, nor does that fact make her a better person or a better pilot.
Don’t be such a pessimist, already seen the story on FB. She’s a hero.
so!, they all would have died if the pilot was a Muslim? also, let me give a Christian advise, if U R going 2 make a point, U don't have 2 throw shade at anything or anyone, that's not the Christian way, but U wouldn't know that because U R a pretend 2B Christian!,
The pilot also used science to learn to fly
Mr. Governor, would you take a look at endorsing "Travis Allen" who was endorsed this week by Orange County RP for the Governor of California! He is a great candidate and we need someone like him! Tell Sara I am an admirer of hers and to hang strong! God Bless!
Easy to see why the @PressSec is so freaking awful.
We now know who the real pilot was, God

@cnn and @facebook have both already had stories about the pilot, her background, and her faith.
You really have a lot of nerve criticizing Jim Carrey for simply stating the truth.  I am sure you love your daughter, as you should.  But she, nor her boss, exhibit any Christian virtues.  She is paid to lie for Trump and she does so gladly.  Not very Christian.
Name one lie?
So.
She probably didn't joke about the unfortunate passenger. Unlike you.
Yeah so? Huckleberry is an old fat white guy. Lots of those too Mike.
CNN: "Okay, Huck, we were with you right up till the word Christian.  No, we won;t air the story: we have our standards."
Mike Huckabee is a yes man for the Master race
What is wrong with you? Seriously.
How nice. What if she was atheist? Or Hindu? Or Jewish? Who the heck cares? The important thing is that she’s well-trained, extremely competent, and yes, a hero.
Many people in that situation under stress make the situation much worse. They belittle the people around them and blame others for the crisis during the crisis... horrible. She’s a true godsend.
The majority of Americans identify as Christians. Only #FakeChristians act like we're being persecuted.
You accidentally (?) attached a picture of yourself to this tweet.
Oh Mikey .. what’s relevant is that she’s calm cool collected PILOT ... you’re tilting at windmills again
And Christian. 
Retweeting yourself ??
Strangely you know this from reading about it in places like the Washington Post
Well your not a good Christian example,I’ll stick to what I know the Bible
If you are the example of a Christian and just by this tweet proves you are a fake Christian we are in trouble!
Will you please get it that “Christian” is not the problem! It’s YOU who try to mix it into politics and legislate who are the problem. I am a woman of faith a follower of Christ and Christ said “render unto Caesar...” Live and let live.
Which begs the question why did god blow up that engine? #hypocrite
God could have saved this from happening, if he indeed existed and was all-powerful, as y'all like to say.
Character and morality require no opinion on supernatural entities.

The WH press sectretary is a Christian and she lies virtually every day for the biggest and most dangerous liar on the planet.
I just listened to the transmission on this flt. She (pilot) was so calm. You can tell in her voice when she got notified of the window/casualty. She still remained calm but her voice definately changed. It was so very sad. Prayers for the passenger/lady's family over their loss
PRISON,,,,,,,PRISON............I HOPE YOUR DAUGHTER IS NOT GOING TO END UP IN A PLACE LIKE THAT...OBSTRUCTION, (SARAH) @realDonaldTrump !
He's as moronic as his daughter.

you so childish
She may well be a Christian, but you mostly definitely aren't.
So was she busy flying the plane or praying?

I'm hoping it was the former.
You look better in a 

Y'all turn everything positive about christianity into a negative.  Would you give this woman two thoughts if she wasn't a Christian?  If you would still be proud of her even if she was an agnostic or anything else, then that would be very Christian of you. #FakeChristian
"...and Christian."  Does this mean if she weren't, the outcome would have been different?  This is beyond stupid.
You care
You put two tweets on the timeline of a guy you say "nobody cares" about. You seem to care.
Christian does something good: "Yay Christians!"
Muslim does something bad: "Boo muslims!"
Christian does something bad: crickets.
Muslim does something good: crickets.
The imagined persecution is real, y'all.
Good god you need @ChipHinkleman back
NO NO & NO
You're so cynical.
Her and 75% of the population, but does she favor keeping healthcare as a for profit industry in the US, favor splitting parents from their children as a form of deterrence if they cross the border without the proper paperwork, allowing lenders to exploit college students?...
If that is what your "Christianity" stands for, it's not Christ that you are worshipping
I'm glad you used this opportunity to post a picture of yourself.
There are Christians who treat people with respect and kindness, and there are "Christians" who talk a lot about their religion, but treat people disrespectfully and enable others who do the same. We know which one you are, Sir.
Love that word CHRISTIAN
Tribalism is the cancer of the human spirit.
CNN ran the story and facebook isn't blocking conservatives. Idiot.
Are you that insecure about your faith?
suck me beautiful
Mike Huckabee was the 'best man for the job'.
And his response on results?
Stellar.
I voted for him.
The world did not understand him.
Nor Jesus Christ.
Nor Gandhi.
Nor Lao-tzu.
Nor Siddhartha Gautama.
So.......I would venture that Mike is.......... in 'pretty good company'.  .
Oddly, I read she went to a Nazarene college. Did you miss that? Not that it was pertinent to the coverage of her flying, but be careful about labeling the press or social media, pal. Plenty of Christians indulge in both.
It would be pertinent to MSM if she were running for office.
Do you think so? Her religion would be?
Thanks be to God
You owe the family of the woman that died an apology for this tweet! You CANNOT just delete it and think it's gone away.

APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
APOLOGIZE!
And a HERO
and prior Navy.
Just because the pilot may be a real Christian doesn’t mean you and your daughter & dog killing son are.
So different than you
God is pretend.
Thank you for sharing this Gov Huckleberry and bringing up subjects MSM won't cover!  She must have read the detailed flight training instructions in Corinthians Part 2 which I read and loved!  JESUS LANDS!!!
https://www-m.cnn.com/2018/04/18/us/southwest-pilot-landing/index.html …

You're a dirty fake.
And you would have tweeted the same message to your #Deplorables if she was Muslim ?
Yeah...Right.
You mean like #RandaJarrar, the Muslim who cheered the death of #BarbaraBush on twitter?
Yeah...Right.
I know someone who also cheered the death of that great lady...His name is Roger Stone (Clownboy Trump's best friend) when he told Alex Jones at Infowars she was a Lying Drunk. 
ouch
I read you post as a response to Governor using the word, Christian. 
(And you would have tweeted the same message to your #Deplorables if she was Muslim ?)
 #BarbaraBush is not the topic. ouch
Your comment is flawed in that you brought up Barbara Bush first, so.... you're right, she isn't the topic, why did you bring her up? Ouch!
Are you and your lying daughter also a Christians. If so Christianity must have died.
No one is going to block the story because she's Christian.  Get out with your red herring b.s.
Unlike yourself.
Calm, cool, collected, and Christian sounds like Obama actually
None of your adjective words describe Obama!
Look Susan, I know Obama is a Muslim in your fever swamp alternate reality, but do you really think he isn't cool and calm???
You have lost it, get some professional help.
Please alert the FBI. This is an important development
IDIOTTT
I will retweet it, always need a Christian Hero
Here's your "Christian hero"!
Please don't tell Mike Huckabee and Fox News that their savior, Donald Trump, is not a Christian, is a vile person, cheats on his wife, brags about it, calls his opponents petty names, and pays hush money to porn stars, and lies about it.
but, you know... Mike can incompetently explain away all of the things that make him a hypocrite... but there's no excuse for anyone else to be one!
No one has a problem with #Christians . They do, however, have a problem with #Hypocrites and #FakeChristians as exemplified by you and Lyin' @PressSec.
Nice picture 
Looking for attention, Huckabee?
And, Navy Sir!
OMG no!
Are... you the pilot?
