"How a bright, competent and likable young operative became the face of the most duplicitous press operation in White House history." 

Lemony Snicket as Narrator: Duplicitous, a word which here means deceitful, dishonest, or crooked.
call Sarah a liar and talented i will RT it. 
call Sarah a lair and make jokes i will be furious
Basically you have admitted she lies
Michelle Wolf got the stage and became a hateful bully!Shame on her!She brings a new low to her craft and joins the ranks of the untalented
What happened to comedians like Bob Hope, Jack Benny, Lucille Ball?Dean Martin Roasts were not mean spirited, it was done in fun not hurtful
She told her
Tonight I know she will have to ask for Holy Spirit to be with here because these people hate her . I think she has done a fabulous job.
No these people that are talking about Sarah needs the holy spirit,they hates themselves!
When are the "press" going to admit they have been like dogs barking at hubcaps so far as "Russia, Russia, Russia..." goes?

NEVER.

They have been against #Trump since day one, and always default to the worse narrative about him.

Screw the press and keep #MAGA !
That's is the truth!they accuse Trump about being whiny but they proves to be the whiny ones!
Unfortunately your daughter doesn’t work for the American people like you thinks she does. She works for Trump who cares about nothing else but himself and his family.
She works for the American people, and lies to us constantly.
A great family thank God for Gov.Huckabee and his faith in God and his daughter Sarah she does a great job in the White house

No dear, That's Killery Clinton!!
Howabout a NO LIE LIST for your dishonest daughter???
I’m sorry I just couldn’t finish this, I can’t stand what they say about the only press secretary I have loved! She does an amazing job!
Love her! What the press call lies are merely their interpretation of what POTUS says. There's a disconnect w/their comprehension when most of us understand him. He also didn't call the media the enemy of the people. He called fake news the enemy of the people. Big difference.
Excellent story about Sarah. Shows what great parents she has had to give her the confidence to take the FAKE NEWS abuse daily. I pray for President Trump, your quick-witted daughter & his ADM daily on their quest to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Love her!
It forgot to mention that any professional integrity she had before has been permanently removed. She will go down in the history books as a liar and fake. How can you be proud of her?


Muss Sanders you are such a blessing. Keep up good /excellent work!
*Miss Sanders
Liberal are very predictable. Everything they say/do, is a reflection of themselves. When they accuse, criticize, or point fingers, they are actually revealing their actions and thoughts/ behavior. Perfect reverse barometer, admitting their own http://guilt.VOTE  Dems out.
I read the article very interesting I admired Ms. Sanders from the start I hope she realizes she is greatly admired by many. She's a Christian voice who has a demanding job God knows she is the right person 4 Press Sec. & Pres. Trump is the right Pres. 4 USA. Thank  you's to both
History will not be kind to her.
That was a big read and so true. You aren't the only one that's proud. We The people are as well. Thank you for sharing. Sarah sure is genuine.
You’re kidding, right?
The very interesting story complimented Huckabuck for her tireless lying to the press w/o breaking stride.
#MAGA Make Apprentice Great Again
Sarah is doing a phenomenal job!
...as a phenomenal liar.
If your only superpower is being a woman I feel sorry for you.
I guess you added ‘only’ to justify an attack. But save your sympathy.  I’m good.
Lovely story.
I know all I need to know.  She lies for the liar in chief.  Who needs that?  I NEVER watch/listen to either one. I LOATHE LIARS.
Did you read it? It basically calls her an unmitigated liar, which we all knew already. And it is clear to see the Apple didn't fall far from the tree
I really don’t agree with the claim that she is “good at her job” because i don’t think it takes any talent to say nothing while being hostile towards your audience. What would make @PressSec good would be to respect the audience and give real answers.
Real Answers would require intelligent questions . I’ve seen most of the “pressers” . The “Journalists “ With a few exceptions are hateful and condescending with predictable regularity . The majority  conduct themselves shamefully .
Yea, i don’t think so. I too watch the pressers and the only hateful & condescending person is on the podium. Journalists are respectful, professional and question statements made by @potus. She can’t answer so she calls questions stupid.
There are about 65,000,000 people that love your daughter and the excellent job she is doing Governor!!
Um they said your daughter "deadens a room"!
Without a doubt, Sarah H S is the most impressive articulate and formidable WHPS I have ever seen. Shout out from NZ Aotearoa.
Sarah is amazing and refreshing.  The article certainly focuses a lot on lies considering Obama was the media's golden child and he lied so much if her were Pinocchio his nose would be so long it would need it's own Secrete Service detail.
Just desserts of why Sarah is who she is! Delightful read!
Liked the Bingo card gig...U Mike, R hilarious!
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is Unreplaceable ! I respect her for always defending our Great President Trump as a family member. Good article. #MAGA #KAG #TRUMP2020
Agree 100%!
I’ll tell you what I see in SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS FEARLESS STRENGTH AND VERY SECURE ABOUT HER SELF NO ONE CAN INTIMIDATE HER SHE SAYS WHAT SHE FEELS IS RIGHT TAKES NOTHING OFF OF ANY OF THEM I WOULD NOT WANT HER JOB BUT I AM VERY PROUD HOW SHE HANDLES HERSELF KEEPUPTHEGREAT WORK
Sarah is an shining example of a Woman BEING everything “they” claim women are can not possibly achieved due to discrimination. I have, what has become , a unique admiration of Sarah Huckabee Sanders . Sarah is a Woman.
We all love Sarah. She does as good or better job than anyone I have seen in that position.  Keep defending our great President, @PressSec!
#MAGA
Love Sarah and her Dad too....she does a great job every day.....she has her hands full but she seems to handle it well....takes after her Dad I'm sure,,,he is a great man and very smart.....we could use a few more good men like him in the W/H....
Good read.
No.  “... most duplicitous press operation in White House history.” ignores slick Willy’s secretary Betty Curry, Obama’s Eric Holder, etc.
.@joshearnest @JayCarney @AriFleischer this piece is almost as twisted as Sanders herself in briefing room everyday. To suggest Sarah is not nasty everyday is to ignore words, tone of voice-to not understand she has 3 basic replies..none of them an answer. @jeffmason1 @jonkarl
I like Sarah...that is the first time I have deliberately read a politico. article. I can see why they are not on my reading list.
Mike Huckabee literally did NOT read article. LITERALLY, did NOT read it...
They said she deadens a room. Lol
Your daughter is a Propagandist!
I love watching her. Strong woman setting a good example for all of us.
hope your wife isn't this ugly, sheesh
She is just as crooked and incompetent as her father
Oh my gosh, we love you, Sarah!!
That article on Sarah Huckabee is a beautiful account of her, I continue to say that she is the best Press Sec. ever. She has a gift given to her by God of speaking the truth & quieting a room of piranhas. She is an honest God loving person whom was needed
She deadens the room, I wonder why?  Parroting her disgusting boss's lies.
She is so impressive

Yay
You’re not making things better for the Worst Press Secretary EVER!
Not a biased article at all! I mean they left out all about the lies she tells! I mean if you’re gonna write a story, write the whole story!
She deadens the room. Very impressive.
 Can you read? Even if you oversaw the word „duplicitous“ (hint: no, that‘s not a good thing) you seem to have missed a lot more. Let me help you:
You are no longer Gov so why do u use that title? ..... sad
Nazi punks
Can you read? Do you know what duplicitous means?
You freak
@PressSec is a rock star. I hope she stays with the president for the next 7 years
Lying is a Huckabee family trait
She’s intelligent and can deal quite effectively with “some of these idiots”! Love her style
Definitive proof that you're a simpleton who can't even read.  Rips into the "most duplicitous press operation in White House history." #MAGAmoron
Duplicitous!!!! And you’re retweeting this? WOW! Bet she appreciates that!
Maybe Mike does not know the meaning of the word... I do think Sara is doing an amazing job given what she has to work with.  And the way she delivers the press briefing in a I-could-care-less-monotone will probably fool most lie detectors.
I think she is a lying, grotesque being.....accepting money to be duplicitous to the American people!
Sarah Sanders is a wonderful person and I think she’s doing an awesome job as press secretary. She is respectful and I know if but person she tells it like it is. This is what makes for a good press secretary
“I don’t think she’s replaceable. I don’t think there’s another one out there like her.”
'nuff said
America  Sarah!
She certainly doesn't need you to prop her up. She stands and falls on her own merits. You ought not *tweet* - you're unfunny....
You should be very proud:) She’s an amazing woman in every way.
Your daughter is a lying disgrace to human kind. She is doing everything in her power to prop up a dictator wanna be toddler.
She’s a liar and a bad one at that.
Mike your raised a fine women there you must be very proud

That's very stupid now in order for these people to talk about Sarah's life, someone that they only read about and never got too know her; they can't have a good life they are empty people;and putting people down is the only fulfillment they will ever have how sad 
Holy shit the bots are AMPED UP. @PressSec’s place in history will go down in infamy. She’s systematically destroying any faith the American people have had in believing what government representatives tell them. She is completely amoral, which is why Trump loves her. Disgusting.
Vomiting
It’s a condescending piece and typical of ‘journalists’ who still refuse to shoulder any blame for the mountains of inaccurate/false stories. I admire how Sarah manages their horrid, self-serving questions.
Is the title second Whitehouse press secretary clown gets her red nose?
She’s a liar, crude.  Will go down with trump.
Perhaps Her Royal CrookedEyeness will someday call on politico during a press briefing. There is only pay for play in the Trump administration!
No dear that's the Clintons, try to keep up!!
I agree @PressSec  Lies like a pro.

Oh look! Your child drew a picture of you, oh the things kids say!
She lies through her teeth every single day but Congrats on the article!
Bot
So you are proud of your complicit daughter for lying day in and day out for the orange shit gibbon? Jesus, I wouldn't be proud of my kid for doing that but then I guess my kids have better standards than yours do!
I can not stand to look at her. She will live with this travesty of an administration which she defended with lies and condescending half truths until she is dust.
You’re promoting an article calling her duplicitous
Just in case he doesn't know what it means to be "duplicitous."
Sucks to be the serial liar  who looks and is built exactly like her racist POS father. Sad .

Give it time. He’ll destroy her life (or at least her reputation) in due time. I give it until September.

Dude she’s your daughter!! And she looks exactly like you ! SAD
Thank you for sharing this! I would have never seen it/read it without your promotion of it. It's a good read for sure.
How does it feel to lie every day for the president?
@PressSec is just as badA$$ as @realDonaldTrump. Proud to have both working to Make America Great Again.
Given the unprecedented prevailing atmosphere in the WH briefing room day in and day out, @PressSec should be commended for being focused on her job.Imagine yourself being in the arena full of howling wolves with press credentials.Good job  Super Sarah!
Ya well the press as the 4th estate is supposed to hold truth to power. Sobwhere did you study civics?
I'm so proud of Sarah Huckabee Sanders and the job she is doing!
At least she doesn't lie like the Obummer Press Sec. did all the time, constantly!
Excellent article! So much admiration for this lady! Love to see her in action during the daily press briefing!
Sarah does an incredible job as press secretary!
We Love Sara, God Bless her and the family always and forever
When I read this I see a constant attack on Sarah and the admin.  Trying to make her have the same fake opinion of the admin as they do. What they can't stand is what Sarah has that they lack "integrity".
Sarah  she is good what she does
Fake news at its best
Sarah Sanders is the best MAGA
Lying about lying
Bot
You really have to invest time (read the WHOLE thing) to get past the apparent negativity. I greatly admire Sarah. Yes, very interesting, and not terribly unfair if you can drag yourself past the 1st page.
We should all take an advice from the Bible and not speak evil of the leader of our nation
Said cowardly people as Hitler sheparded Jewish families into ovens.
Amazing that she’s been at the White House this long.
Sounds like you was written by someone with the buttered flu it's sickening the way they talk about our president
I think Politico still sees Sarah and the administration wrongly. Like the rest of the media, they just don’t get it. Liar?  No!  Sarah Sanders @PressSec is a rock star!  And does a fantastic job!
Like a puzzle once the pieces are put together we get rid of it.
We love your daughter as much as you do, Governor! Great article about an amazing young woman who learned a lot from her dad.
Love @PressSec! She is excellent at this job!
So proud of our beautiful @PressSec and love the Huckabee Family
Pride does not come to mind when you talk about this press secy. Shame maybe, embarrassment for sure.
Wonderful article.  @PressSec is an amazing young woman.  The Apple doesn't fall far from the 
Second sentence is correct. First is delusional. Ever watched a press conference? These are third world ugly, and the press secy is the reason why.
Why do godless people use Christianity to push hate, racism, bigotry and spend so much time trying to rationalize that Jesus would do the same.  It is puzzling, cause if they have any sense that God exists you have to believe they don't sleep very soundly.
Governor you did one heck of a job! Sarah is awesome!
You go Sarah. Your a rock star
Politico is an Anti-Trump Hating media and so they hate Ms. Sanders.   Disgusting
Great reporting.
Awesome read Governor God Bless and thank you !
Fantastic story 
She totally brings it to the press 
Ya well the press as the 4th estate is supposed to bring it to her. Where did you study civics?
Sarah is a Saint for putting up with the BS from these so called journalists! I would bet her young children behave better
Sorry, but I have standards.
I don't follow #FakeStreamMedia
Especially, #VeryFakeNewsNYTCNNWaPo
I REALLY like your daughter! 
Actually!The press has waged attacks on Trump from day One! «For more than a year, he has waged a campaign against the news media more openly hostile than any president in history, Sarah has been his point person. From her podium, she has promoted the #fakenews awards » GO SARAH!
She’s the best. You have every right to be extremely proud.
Oops! Off your meds again?
Calling her a liar or suggesting she may leave are common tactic of the press to pick away at anyone doing a great job in this administration. April Ryan’s comment was ironic. Let’s not forget Ryan & her pie challenge. Total Respect For Sarah Sanders!
@realDonaldTrump AWESOME article!I feel so much pride reading this I’m crying through it.I said from day one SHS should be the Press SEC (back when she was just doing opinion pieces on Fox during the campaign).God Bless her, her father,our President & our country. 
She is a fixer for the great loose mouth. The president had been very clear....actually never, tirades of inconsistent rage and lack of emotional control
Your daughter is doing a great job!
Bot.
Will Pres DT get any praise for today historical event N& S Korea to end war democrats NO,will he if he gets a deal with North Korea from democrats No pathetic lot
Uh oh, Sarah was a "field coordinator" AKA community organizer, according to Mike Huckabee, that is the highest title you should be credited with.  Although, in this case, lying for the @POTUS is a bit of step down.
I believe she is very credible and I watch her eagerly every day. You did a good job with her raising.  What a role model!
You like a piece that basically calls out your daughter as the Queen of the Pigs? A woman who is really good at being despicable & a super good liar. You are PROUD of that, “Christian” man? You disgust me. @GOP @GOPChairwoman @GOPLeader @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
Great story! The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree!
She’s a smart girl. She handles herself well and does a great job. Glad to have her onboard.
So basically she is a liar, supports lying and defends a corrupt and immoral person. Not something I would be proud of especially if I was a Christian.

After reading this article I realized how amazingly God prepared Sarah step by step and day by day for exactly this role at this time. Thank you Sarah for your willingness to be who God formed you to be and thank you Governor for being the man of God and daddy she needed!
It is a very good article.   A lot of things I didnt know.  What a wonderful, interesting life!     Mrs. President?
Love Sarah!
Sarah is a wonderful role model for girls!  I've shown some of her press meetings to my kids 
Proud of your daughter! She is phenomenal at what she does.I love that her faith is instrumental in her choices. Faith,&her loyal nature, are partly the reason for her success. Trump surrounds himself w/good people-Breath of fresh air. Praying for continued success for he & Trump
Governor Huckabee, you should be very proud of your daughter!!! This was a very informative article...
Good read indeed.  Clearly shows @PressSec ours self promotion above her espoused personal values.   This article is not flattering and you are dense not to see that
It is flattering. It shows its bias against the administration, but former teachers and colleagues had beautiful things to say about her. It spoke to her likability
Being likable is different from living a moral code vs speaking the moral code
I think she tries to be the best human she can be. There are very few perfect humans. We are all flawed. I think she is earnest when she speaks. Don’t forget there are probably things she is not told and so she speaks to what current info she has been given.
We all try to be our best.  Some fail to retain high moral code    She is one of them whose chosen self promotion over integrity.  Many people do that, it’s still wrong
One smart lady...bravo!
Interesting that Politico didn’t comment on the differences in the PRESS for the past couple of years! They are nastier, less objective, FAKE in some instances and some only print or show criticisms and totally neglect successes! Many msm are now into tabloid “journalism”! SAD
Did Politico ever call Jay Carney a “liar”? I would not hold my breath!
#BrilliantSarah #MAGA 
The free press can blame whomever they want, but they have done it to themselves by trying to slant the news against @POTUS . I admire the way he has continued to achieve items on his agenda in spite of a press that has abused their role!

#FakeNews
The operative word being "for politico"
She’s perfect!
Love  Sarah Huckabee Sanders and EVERYONE knows it really is #FakeNews and #Propaganda #OperationMockingBird #DeepStateAntiAmericanPress should be prosecuted everytime they are proved to be lying IMO #Traitor44
The liberal bias in that article is disgusting.  Beyond slanted it is totally lacking in reason because of  their hatred of Trump or anyone opposing their socialist destruction of the US.   Prayers for Sanders to continue the good fight.
She is perfect for the job and needs to be looking much broader as she has her fathers personality and much more!
The article praised Sarah, but trashed Trump. I didn’t like that. Unfair. But proud dad has a right to be.
@realDonaldTrump @ASavageNation ...Yes, sir...she's wonderful!  FAKE News is properly put to shame by her work!
Article provides a great insight into her solid character - and, as I told my children when faced with a difficult task that "You're building character,"  I think the challenging  position of press secretary "helps build character!"
Good article, Governor. Thanks for posting. But I didn’t like the “Sarah lies and everyone knows it” vibe throughout. You and her husband gave good perspective about her. If y’all are ever in Atlanta, you’re my guest at the piano bar where I play. God bless. 
I agree, parts of the article were good, but I do not think Sarah is the liar. #FakeNews reporters twist the truth and anyone who doesn't agree is a liar or racist. I love Sarah and her daddy!
Your daughter is so impressive.  Best press secretary ever!!!!  You know you are over the target when you encounter flack...your daughter is hitting the target every day and the enemies of America are howling.
Just read the entire article. Pretty much tells US what most of US already knew: Huchabees and Sanders' are Proud & Loyal Americans!
She's amazing....not liking parts of that article though.
Agreed, but for the most part it was positive. We're never going to get fair and unbiased.
True

That's what Monica must have looked like to slick Billy Clinton!!
Amazing liar.....pinochle has nothing on her
Great story loved it . Her mother did a great job on raising her Gov. Mike 
I love watching press briefings just because of how she handles herself!
I avoided it when Spicer was the press secretary. It was painful to watch!
However, Sarah stays unruffled and can give as good as she gets!! Love her..lovely AND capable.
It’s interesting how they compliment her while denigrating the administration...Politico is still a rag that only publishes hit job articles ...
Please stop with your lame attempts at comedy. Stick to what you do well... making being in a band look uncool.
HER HEAD IS STUCK UP BOZO'S BUTT
Sarah is a woman of strength, honesty, & conviction! She is a great role model for women & young females. Would love for my 16 yr old granddaughter to meet her! 
Love, love Sarah!
Sarah is awesome!!!
I take my hat off to Miss Sarah! Good job!
What a women!  Her parents did a great job. She has complete control of the out of control and unprofessional biased media.
Huck, your daughter's position in the White House is a term that rhymes with "snore.:
Governor I pray for that young lady each and every day! Love her to pieces!
That’s a long one ... I liked it. The only comment I have ... the unnamed sources I’m growing tired of. But, I love @PressSec
Sanders
How a bright, competent and likable young operative became the face of the most duplicitous press operation in White House history.
Love @PressSec articulate, professional, beautiful 
She was made for the job. Lovely daughter
Yes she was, not many would last having to cover for such a cray cray President! I hope she's able to find work after this stint
to bad POLICITCO couldn't do a story on her w/o slamming the POTUS,
I'd say she takes after the 'old man'! A Big chip off the 'old block'! Kudos Dad!!
Looks a lot like him too.
The Lying Huckabees..... America’s biggest Christian Hypocrites!
You're Catholic and accusing others of being hypcrites? Oh that's just special! LOL Bless your heart.
Hypocrites are everywhere but they are bad.
I love her! Pit bull Sarah!
Not mentioned in the article is what Sarah Sanders said once about the best training to be press secretary is being a Mom of 3(?) growing children.
Lol Mike
The only puzzle that I have a hard time piecing together is how does a God fearing Christian Conservative not have any response to a child that lies daily. How many other of the Ten Commandments are you against?
Get off your high horse! I can see at least one Commandment you broke tweeting a lie and bearing false witness.
