Did you try out one of his “fake pillows” full of chunks of foam rubber?   Yeah....that is his pillow scam.
#BoycottMyPillow
Your bff @realMikeLindell has an “F” from the BBB, sued for claiming his pillows cured disease, sued for inflated prices, and  fighting tax evasion charges. Nice guy. Good business.
Yet, I've got this sickening feeling in the pit of my gut that Mike Lindell is going to be writing a book. #BoycottMyPillow
You’re gross
your laughter too. Music has been exceptional.  Your show, if recorded & I do record it, can be played over & over when other garbage is on
#BoycottMyPillow
You would like him. Con man, violence, false advertising and F rating from BBB. Fake Christian. Yup, right up your alley.
I been wanting to try them pillows! It seems impossible to find good pillows anymore, whats up with that?
I bought pillows from My Pillow and sleeping better than I have in years! And because of Mike’s refusal to cave to the demands of @davidhogg111 my 3 sisters are ordering all new pillows today from My Pillow!
I must of missed that story, is there anyone this little Nazi tyrant Hogg hasn’t attacked? Im glad to hear the pillows are good though.
You have had remarkable guest with great life-altering experiences, true clean comedy & a big part of enjoying that is seeing your enj'mt &
Why do I have this sickening feeling in the pit of my gut that Mike Lindell is going to be writing a book? #BoycottMyPillow
#BoycottIngraham 
#BoycottMyPillow 
Nah..I'll pass..
Glad I recorded it!  Can’t wait to watch it! 
You actually recorded a Mike Lindell segment. This gives WWRJD a whole new meaning. #BoycottMyPillow
I have to admit I have not bought a MY pillow yet but love that guy! He always wears a cross and smiles that's what we need more of in this country. Glad for his success
He is also an admitted crack addict, tax evader and looks like he is engaging in coitus with pillows on his ads.
Not nice words
Why doesn't it surprise me that you like this guy? He's a crackhead con-artist who settled a $1M lawsuit for deceptive marketing.
I hate that guy for incessant commercials - DVR and fast forward
I agree, his commercials are really creepy too. The last place I would want an admitted crack addict is in my medicine cabinet while I am sleeping.
We LOVE @realMikeLindell AND MyPillow! @MyPillowUSA
Gov. Huck: I use @MyPillowUSA as it enables me to sleep...my line of work puts me on many strange and unique places.  #MyPillow goes everywhere with me as sleep is very important to me because I must a alert al all times when on the job.  One bad nights sleep can costs lives.
Republi-cons need to stick together.
Have you ever seen him and Larry Sabato at the same time? I think they are the same person.
Are they both 70s gay porn stars?
I love your show!  You have done a remarkable job in every segment aired!  And have such broad spectrum of guest!  Pillow-guys life , WOW

You mean the grifter whose better business rating is in the toilet?
You'll hit us in the face with a pillow? Is that why SHS's face looks like it does?

Can I keep the pillow after you wack me with it! My neck hurts and I was thinking I should have one!
Are you sure you can handle the formaldehyde fumes that memory foam gives off? #BoycottMyPillow
Hated MyPillow.  Gave it to the dog.  He hated it, too.

Great pillows I bought 4!
I am surprised the fire marshal let you have that much "solid gasoline" filler in one place. Oh well, the VOC's will probably get to you first. #BoycottMyPillow
you know who has an amazing story? your son, who tortured a dog to death
Those pillows reek of formaldehyde gas. I hope they're not giving David H. any ideas. #BoycottMyPillow
GREAT TWEET! @GovMikeHuckabee!WE MUST BUY PILLOWS FROM MR.MIKE LINDELL (MY PILLOW GUY) BECAUSE HE IS LOYAL TO OUR BELOVED PRESIDENTS TRUMP!
My pillow is GREAT ...I prefer the travel size. BTW love you Mike Huckabee ..and your daughter! 
A Fellow OBU alum!
Cultists of a feather stick together.
Pillows ok
I have ordered my pillow- two standard with two go pillows
Aren't you the one who's endorsed by that draft dodging, pants shitting pedophile and crappy guitar player?
Wasn't this guy hit with lawsuits over false claims about his product and failure to pay taxes?
Lol
I'll just leave this here for you, big guy.
Is this what a changed man of God tweets about on Easter Sunday? @JerryFalwellJr @Franklin_Graham @MikeHuckabeeNH @VP @GovMikeHuckabee
Hey Mike - is this guy a friend of your family's? 

https://twitter.com/Nati_bastidas/status/979868448057683970?s=19 …
Sorry, to be really frank, I am sick and tired of looking every half  hour on  this guy's advertising: Mike Lindell of his pillows and constantly have to turn off TV, or put  it on mute!  I do know he makes a lot of money which is very good for him though
Happy Easter, Governor! I just found out You're coming back to World Outreach Church this summer, so excited!
Like father. Like daughter. Mike Huckabee and Sarah Sanders sold their souls to the Devil for Donald Trump and his @GOP cronies.
Traitor to his country.
"Ratified in 1913, the 17th Amendment changed the election of senators from state legislatures to a popular vote." 
God spoke to Huckabee in the shower one morning, and said, "Thou shalt remove the vote from Americans, and give it to thyself, & other…
Governor, your Easter message just now on Fox & Friends was just beautiful. Thank you.  God bless you and your family!
We LOVE you Mike Huckabee! Keep up the good work. We also love your daughter! Your grandkids are adorable.
His story is amazing, seems like a very good person too!

I know you won't see this but your son tortured a dog to death
https://m.facebook.com/groups/981027792067098?view=permalink&id=1011241532379057 …
I'm always so inspired by the life story of your son torturing a dog and getting off with no punishments.
Cost too much, I’ll stick with my cinder block – at 5888 Ridgewood Road
Great Smerican success story ! Great product !
Hey Huck!  Tell Lindell to take one of his pillows and shove it up his ass.  Also tell him to stop sponsoring Hannity
Sorry, Gov. Huckabee, but he's not My Pillow Guy! He's just a guy selling a pillow that I don't know what it's contents are, so I won't put it next to my nose/mouth (Eyes, Ears) for 6-8 hrs. every night. It's too pricey too. Just my opinion, and no offense to anyone.
Sure has with a million dollar settlement from false claims.....
I love my My Pillow!

So uncomfortable that no one I know can sleep on them.
I’d rather get poked in the eye w a sharp stick then watch fuckabee on the tube.
Disgusting bibble thumping tRump 

Not a smart move, Mike Lindell. Being promoted by Evangelical haters like Huck will not help your sales.  In fact, folks are already talking boycott.  But, hey, you can sleep well on your "special" pillows.
His  Pillow is the worst!!
I hope you got a free pillow out of the deal!
Great pillows, @MyPillowUSA @realMikeLindell !
He's a tool Just like you.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel for guests.
Your interview style puts everyone to sleep
A List shit Huck........who's on your next show......Scott Baio's third cousin?
Scott Baio's third cousin is probably more A- list than Scott Baio. 
A grim reflection of your career
Yet you, with great pride, played the fat guy on the bass guitar for this guy. Playing cat scratch fever. You are an enemy of true Christianity. Then you spawned @SarahHuckabee .  Have you no shame?
He better stop advertising on @IngrahamAngle

Love his pillow. Gov you have some deep thinking to do.
A loving father lays down the rules for his children, and tells them what the rewards and punishments are. The children are free to obey, or not; but none can say they weren't warned. For the father not to deliver, makes him a liar.
for the father not to teach makes him a bad Father.
Pillow guy was in trouble for deceptive advertising . There is nothing special about his pillow. It’s pure marketing and slick advertising
I love my "My Pillow"!
Best pillow ever!
I love your tweets
WE have these pillows!! Awesome!!
He is a crook.
Are you having Stormy on to go with the Porn Star Mustache too? Way to go Big Huck!
Governor, my wife got me one for my birthday on Monday! Nice! Will be watching.
We have 3 of his pillows
You know who is an ardent racist twat? @GovMikeHuckabee and that pillow sissy.
He has a GREAT and QUALITY pillow/product! Thank you Mr. Lindell.
Made in the USA 
THOSE AREN'T PILLOWS!!!
What the what?
Hey Governor ask him why he lost his BBB approval.
 OK.
Nice guy. Terrible pillows.
now you have to hawk pillows for cash?  And you take a photo in a church to do it?  what a pig you are.  you teach your daughter to lie and submit to men and she's learned very well.  it's too bad you'll both end up in hell.
He's a crook
Didn't Mike Lindell @MyPillowUSA just pull ads from @IngrahamAngle? If so, he is no more interesting than all the conservatives I know.
I'd like to try one --no two of his pillows. If they are what he says they are, then it might be worth it.
Love the "my pillow" guy and I love "my pillow"!
Didn’t he get sued for false advertising or making false health claims about those pillows? https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/11/03/infomercial-sensation-my-pillow-gets-1-million-wake-up-call-over-false-medical-claims/ …  Did you talk about that success story? Geezus Mike, research your guests!
If you're dumb enough to believe a late night infomercial is being 100% honest, you deserve to get taken advantage of. Most companies inflate the benefits of their products. My guess is the lawyers in California went after him because  he took a picture with Trump.
Are you drunk this early in the morning? Your comments never make sense, but this was pure jibberish.
Happy holidays Mike
I LOVE MY PILLOW! Cute story ALERT: All my 6 year old grandson wanted for Christmas was a MyPillow! Of course NaNa has to oblige!! He opened it and ran straight to the dryer to toss it in! Opened the remaining gifts while it was “Blowing Up” 
Did you get a free pillow :)
@realMikeLindell is the World’s Greatest Marketing Genius.I saw him in airport restroom while vacationing in Hawaii last December. So star struck I failed to say hello. Told my girlfriend we couldn’t board the flight until I introduced myself. She won.Never said hi. IMike 
Thanks for saving me some money! Now when my wife wants to buy one I can tell her he was on your show and she'll just say, "Well fuck that, then."
She’ll miss out on a good night sleep poor thing. Pillows have no politics
Truth 
Isn't that a great story in itself.........
I use the My Pillow and it's really improved my sleep.  Amazing neck support. Please thank him for me. 
Gov. Huckabee , Mike Lindell is probably the only entrepreneur did actually make something that will change your life for the better . It isn't he is the best thing to come along in years . I bought his products and Mike absolutely will stand behind everything he said he will do
ASSAULT PILLOW! BAN ALL THE THINGS
I have 2. Was a waste of money. Mike, you need to ask him whats really important to him, money?,self image? ,friends ? if he has any. if he does watch out he might dump you next like he did Laura Ingram. I say boycott Mike lindell...i'm a deplorable,what do you expect.
Smart programming move. I've never watched your vlog, but I imagine the commercials are the best part
We have four of them!! Awesome
M wife has 2 of them. Not that amazing according to her.
Ive heard too hard
They are not worth the expense, unless you just want to associate with the commercials. Or unless you have money to throw away.
we all could SLEEP easier if we could afford 100 bucks for a pillow. 40 bucks is more than fair, LOWER the price Pillow Guy! We'd all like one.
They are well worth the price, I promise you that!
I MISSED MIKE LINDELL'S CROSS HE ALWAYS WEARS: If you like him and vouch for him, he must be a great guy. Glad he is having success in business and life itself.
I like him
I look at that photo and wonder, which of you two have touched more younger boys.
One usually projects their own personal feelings, wants and needs onto others in order to disgrace them.
Yup... that's exactly right. That pillow guy def has some strange things going on behind the scenes. And huckabee and his sister produced that man known as Sarah.
Grow up. Oh wait, you must be a liberal which means you can't.
I'm not a liberal...
Selling catheters next?
What a rip off? Shitty pillow, Fake Christian with the cross! Lol
That guy takes advantage of others misery to make a living. Great pillows allow people to sleep better. Many try to match but fail. Hey Gov. you have one ? 2 here. #Americandream
@realMikeLindell needs to talk to his customers when they need him not ignoring them.
I didn't watch the interview. You can come over and hit me with that new pillow now. Just leave the pillow here when you go, I need a new one.
What make his pillow so spacial? I have one I buoght at Roses years ago and it still works just fine and dandy Sir!
Two of a kind! Despicable hypocrites!
We love our My Pillows.
I knew you would!
I love his commercial with the guy and his wife in the bathroom medicine cabinet.
You’re so  tempurpedic....
Mike Huckabee I love you! You’re a terrific guy and I always love listening to your words were reading what you say. I would love to see you be president. I will make a point of tuning in to hear you & the pillow guy. That looks to be quite a terrific conversation!
LOL!!! I'll be watching
WINNING HUCK! WINNING! #ratings
Those pillows should be sent to liberals for free .. with doo doo inside
I swear to god if Huckabee has a social media helper and this is the shit they're coming up with then I just don't know where we are as a society.
My hubby and I have one. They are the best pillows to sleep on. Thanks Mr. Lindell
I have one not to bad I must say
