President Trump giving a speech at a rally in Michigan tonight, instead of attending the WH Correspondents’ Dinner. @GovMikeHuckabee joined me to discuss – take a look: 
President Trump Spent the evening with the American Voter !! USA all the way Talking the Talk and Walking the Walk ! Trump is always http://working.It  is time for all of us to unite under this president.
Send in the clown
Is that John Barron or David Dennison?
Truth hurts huh? Michelle was spot on. You say he didn’t watch it but he will prove you wrong by tweeting about it in 54321
Whoever that woman was is not funny and has no class. Why is she called a comedian?
Stop! @realDonaldTrump has never done a charitable act or served the less fortunate in his entire life. He and all his appointee cronies ARE the elite! PS You are the most unfunny man in America
Better study a little. POTUS has done more for people and this country than your sorry a$$ can even imagine.
Show us one charitable act DJT, the man, has ever done for anyone. PRE- POTUS. Paper towel tossing doesn’t count.
Sarah showed tremendous class!
Baawaahaha Hahahahaha
Hahahahaha Hahahahaha
Hahahahaha Hahahahaha
Hahahahaha Hahahahaha
Hahahahaha Hahahahaha
This was very predictable. The party of “acceptance” accepts no one, but those that get in line. The party of “BLM” turns on a black man for having an independent thought. And the party for “women” treats the 2nd female Press Secretary in US with hatred and disdain. HYPOCRITES!
I treat Sanders exactly as she should be treated, as a filthy, lying, deceitful bich who is supporting a disgusting traitor to America. 
As far as Kanye, he's a token, barely black man, who is so rich that he has no god damn clue, how most black or poor people have to live.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  I LOVED EVERY GODDAMNED SECOND OF IT
Heed your own advice Mike! #WhiningRepublicans
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
@PressSec  needed to sit there and listen to herself being insulted - she treats reporters like crap every single day.
If she wasn’t such a nasty, hate filled liar she wouldn’t have had anything to worry about.

Tonight she was treated as she treats others.

The Golden Rule Mike
Your daughter is a mean spirited witch to most of the press on a daily basis. If one comedian said something you consider distasteful, Sarah needs to suck it up and try to be nicer.
Try to not LIE.


Your daughter is awesome. @PressSec  the best person to ever be press secretary.  You raised a great person. Much respect for you sir


Oh my god! Is that Sarah Sanders? I knew she wore spanx!
Nope that would be Hillary supporters 
Since they are teens, I doubt they care. 
On the other hand, these are these vulgar things are all Repugnants. 
Just nasty, ewww
It was " Locker Room talk "
Elitism is a gaslighting term that you and your rich @GOP use to try and light up your base!  
Why don’t you and I meet and compare checkbooks and then you can explain the term elitist to me! GTFO
Oh, you mean like your elitist daughter and elitist Trump do on a daily basis to the press? So in your "christian" world, it's okay to insult and attack anyone you don't like. It's just a bad thing when karma kicks you in the face and it's done back to you. Good to know.
Your Daughter is a Brave and Remarkable Woman!!!  Love Her and everything she does for our President and for our Country!!!!

When your Judgement Day comes...God Bless You!
So you think that you god is gonna be mad at me because i don’t like liars lmfao. 

Ever read the Bible?
I thought Michelle was tame compared to the cruelty and spite that Sarah and her boss speak every day. Maybe if she practices she will be as mean as Sarah by next year.
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree,her father is nasty too,oh,,but thats ok,,no its not ,there adifference between truth and lies,and the Huckabees cant tell which is which
Think the problem lies with those who feel they know more and like false narrative that makes them feel important ...oh yeah...that describes liberals!  Marble heads can't hear or think clearly with the constant rolling of all those marbles
And another turnip falls off the Trump Train,,i am really surprised you can read
Rather be a turnip than a "beet" like you democrats...been "beat" and still bleeding from the loss!   Stain everything you touch.
Her boss is a billionaire who can’t handle watching people with disabilities compete in sport. That’s pretty elite.
Americans love Sarah Huckabee Sanders!Americans also love and support President Trump!
maybe a few of you most of us don't take to the arrogant insulting manner she has and the obvious contempt for the people who want only the truth.
Yes, as you acknowledge, your daughter is Trump's human shield. He uses her. She is a victim of his, just like the esnowflake GOP who can rip immigrant families apart, starve people on food stamps, triple rent on low income housing, on and on, but they can't handle a joke.
Your daughter, @PressSec treats journalists like dirt, and lies on a daily basis for her despicable boss @realDonaldTrump.  She can always grow a conscience and QUIT if she can’t take what she dishes out.  Fake Christian, Fake victim.
As usual you hit the nail on the head. I always watch when you're on Fox. Thanks for keeping it real Gov.
Truth hurts sometimes. I'm glad she had to sit there and hear @michelleisawolf.
No one should have to hear that woman's voice. Her voice sounds like the sound a chair makes when a fat guy gets up
The only fat guy I saw was Christy and when the camera showed him he was eating as to be expected. Criticize her voice all you want. What she said was true on all accounts. Truth hurts.
As a father I can only say I have a pretty good idea of what you really would like to say about what was said at this debacle of an event .......I am outraged at the depths to which it sank ......Your daughter is the epitome of poise, grace and integrity ....she stands tall
@PressSec is THE BEST role model for all women. Intelligent, strong, great sense of humor, confident and beautiful inside and out. You don’t need to belong to a Dem victim group to be successful and she is proof of that. @GovMikeHuckabee
@TBN
Mike Huckabee, you have resigned within in yourself that hell is not real. But you have a one way ticket there sooner than you or your family may think. When you go, your family will know that it was the wrath of God. God will not be mocked.
God does not hold your views. And you certainly don't hold God's views
@PressSec has more intelligence, dignity and class in her pinky than all these liberals put together.  #disgraceful
And this is why TRUMP will win in 2020 and take the house and senate this Nov. all the Dems have to offer is hate. What a shame.............
1/The poor press secretary knew what she was getting herself into way before showing up at the WHCD. If you can’t take the heat, stay out of the kitchen. Your fearless leader proved he is a craven nimrod because he REALLY can’t take the heat. In fact his whole vendetta against,
@SarahHuckabee handled it very well! I never even heard of Michelle Wolf! Is she related to that author of a book of lies?
Interesting that her “pretending to enjoy” face looks very much like her “I am unable to laugh at myself, and I also have an active scorpion colony lodged in my colon” face.
So why didn't you go & support you daughter.
She should have stayed home as well
Love that Press Sec by golly. Bless her heart having to endure that. I watched the Presidents speech tonight. He is Always amazing!!!!
She is definitely taking one for the team.
"Elites?" Republicans control all 3 branches of government. The president and an unprecedented number of his cabinet members are BILLIONAIRES.
@PressSec deserved better this evening! Sarah defines grace, class and beauty. She should get hazard duty pay for sitting through that hellacious #WHCD this evening. I won’t mention what Wolf defines.
Are we talking about the same person here? 
“Poor lying daughter of mine” 
I could almost swear y’all in some dire need of a safe space. 
Dude!  You lost...A LOT.  Now, every time your daughter speaks, she represents the AntiChrist.  You're cool with that?
Dude, if a Republican loses they don’t roll in the floor and scream like Dems do!  As for the antiChrist... Dems are the ones that run Hitler’s Playbook... Dems are now The Communist Party. Obama, known communist, is the Party Leader.. calls the shots from his website.. FACT
This guy sends his daughter out to do Satan's bidding.  Your credibility is gone the moment you support the fascist regime in power.  Relish the short time you have.
By this tweet I can tell you haven’t studied history, and are the product of our failing school system. Plus, you have NO IDEAL WHAT A FASCIST ACTUALLY IS!!!  I know they took all the history out of history books. But find an old history book and read the truth!  Shocker!
You might check your own educational resources to differentiate between "ideal" and "idea."
Buddy, about time someone call out your lying daughter for what she is. Hurts doesn't it when the truth hits so close to home. No surprise, though, considering the lies her father tells. Apple didn't fall from the tree.

You’re daughter is amazing! Absolutely love her! You did an incredible job raising such an incredible woman!
Just because they chose someone who is funny ....
Sarah deserved every word. She LIES
Here's a video I am sure you're going to enjoy
Get over it. Your girl lies on a regular basis for her boss but a paycheck is a paycheck. Michelle Is a comic. What is elite about that?
as a father of two daughters myself, i'm sorry your little girl had to be put through that.  God bless her for having patience, she's stronger than i'll ever be and someone my daughters can look up to proudly.  let her know millions of us have her back! #MAGA #Trump2020
My, my, my, you are one precious snowflake!
Blah blah blah.
What’s your definition of elitist? Someone with a college degree? A millionaire? Someone who has served in a state or higher office? A person with a television show aired nationally If so aren’t you an elitist? It was a roast your daughter should’ve known.
Why did @pressSec have to go? Why give these loons any attention at all? I'm sure Sara had better things to do this evening.
You should be proud. Now she lies to herself.  #dolt
Shhh

We are disgusted by the appalling behavior of these so-called journalists!! Next year, the WH should just walk in, throw a piece of raw meat into the room and leave. This is the most these animals deserve.
Here's another suggestion, next year, no one from the White House attend the stupid thing! About a week before, show the public clips from this years lack of civil decency on the part of this boorish rabble who the public disdains anyway.
Agreed. This isn't good-natured fun, comedy or anything that has any merit. It's a vile display of meanness that doesn't deserve to be acknowledged by the WH or anyone else.
The GOP tax cut gave 83% of returned wealth to the richest 1%. You are an elitist. Who do you think you are fooling, old man?
Where did you study economics? If the rich movers and shakers don't have money to invest, nobody below them gets a job.
#MAGA #Trump #POTUS #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
The biggest job makers are small business owners who are not in the top 1%. Where did YOU study economics?
You should be very proud of your daughter! She is definitely a class act! Love her!

I watched Michelle Wolf speak and it was more painful than watching Acosta. Shame on her for making the remarks she did. I noticed no one was laughing at her. I see @PressSec now as the camera's still on for the after dinner mingling and she's laughing and taking to people.
Wow. Wait, the press are the elites? And you're saying that with a comfy net worth of aprox. $5-9 million? That doesn't make you an elite?
Elitists? A comedian called out the current administration for lying, for racism, for misogyny. What's elitist about denouncing those behaviors in the White House?
We (the REAL American People) didn't miss it either. In fact, your daughter earned the respect of even many former critics...she has been, and continues to be, an amazing Rep. of the President, of America and most importantly...of a good, strong, American woman and patriot.
Sanders did not pretend to enjoy it, she sat stone faced while Wolf told the truth about her.
That was a denial dinner so the idiots could get in a big safe space and tell vile jokes about conservatives.  They still do not understand MAGA
How are you folks not elites ?
Look on the bright side....nobody brought up the dog-killing incident.
WHINE house...lol
Hey Huck. GFY you disingenuous, hypocritical, POS. You're the worst of the worst and you should be ashamed of what you've done to your children.
I am proud of her  Much for you to be proud of,
You raised a class act, Governor. God bless our @PressSec and protect her from the sick hatred of the left. 

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
So Boo Hoo Hoo!
Huck - Trump IS an elitist.  So is the majority of his cabinet.  And Hannity, Pirro, O’Reilly, and the lot of them.  
Michelle Wolf Trumped the Trumpers.
And you all can’t deal with the reflection staring back at you.
Love Candice. Enjoyed your show (and Sarah was GREAT at the rediculous WHC Dinner~ you raised a pillar of class, beauty & intelligence- a woman of substance). Proud & grateful  (I did want to cover her ears however).
Good for him. The fools in the correspondence dinner souldn't know humor if it hit them in their funny bone.
@PressSec is such a class act.  I am so sorry she had to go through this.
@realDonaldTrump made a wise choice with rally and boycotting #whcd2018. BTW @PressSec is the best! Love her more tonight! 
I sure feel sorry for Sarah. She was harshly treated at that dinner. The correspondents were merciless
Well Gov the bots are out in force and they are really a sad bunch. Their idea of comedy is sick, vial, disgusting and anything but funny.
The things said about & to your daughter are indefensible.

Not watching p, of course. Just so sorry to see the clips.
Sarah Sanders is an amazing woman. Hated seeing such a mean spirited display directed at her. As always she showed strength under control.
When do We The people get to insult the press corps..or is that (as Obama said ) 'Corpse"?
We love hearing from, and we highly Respect Gov. Huckabee, and his Daughter, Sarah H. Sanders! The Pres. can also VETO that Bill to Protect Mueller, if it passes the House and the Senate! (As you know.) Is anybody besides me Worried Mueller will succeed in Impeaching the Pres.?!
@KellyannePolls & your daughter @PressSec  were not to thrilled about Michelle Wolf's remarks at the @WhiteHouse correspondents' dinner tonight. SAD!
Oh I feel sorry for her having to go. Maybe she could play a game on her phone during this boring dinner.
Sarah you are amazing. No one should have to endure those disgusting remarks. Imagine if slave comments were made to black ppl there. POTUS is lucky to have you as part of the team.
It’s your type of comment calling all that support POTUS as ignorant that is perpetuating divides.  Ms Sanders was asked by WHCA and graciously accepted. No one deserves how she was treated. Full stop.
Mike Huckabee wants to return to owning slaves, yet he's hurt by a few jokes. Who's the snowflake now?
Each president has poked fun at himself and others during the Correspondent Dinner. 
If SLEAZY Donald is so thin skinned, he should have avoided public office.
More importantly, the event raises fund to provide scholarships in journalism/communications.
It's not ALL about SLEAZY.
I'm confident that @PressSec was taking clear mental notes about the events. She'll get back to kicking as*es first thing Monday. 
I see pastor Mike where you are coming from. Truth hurts. You and Sarah might try it sometime. And please, go back to the real lessons of Jesus in the Bible. Particularly about not lying and serving Satan and the devil.
We’re not elite. We just read.
Her boss was too chicken to attend so he threw her to the wolves.
Well played trump, well played.
Oh.. & she deserved it. 
Sounds like you need to buy a trumpybear
These haters that have White House press passes should be revoked for telling lies and until they can get it right for the American people can not get in press events
Trump is so smart to never attend these 'waste of time' events.
Please don't call them elitist. They are vulgar, tasteless, half-educated uninteresting, boors.
So sorry Governor your daughter had to endure this Evil ranting from the Leftist Communist Party , but Sarah was raised right and it shows  God bless you and your family for showing us what Christianity is all about 
Awww, you don’t like your dumpy daughter being called out for the way she lies to the American Public? Maybe you should have raised her better. She has no soul.
The whining is coming from you guys


It's only a whine house when 45 is there. It's his little #safespace . He and the rest of you #Snowflakes love to whine and call people undeserved names but you get #triggered when others throw deserved insults your way. #MAGA #MyAttorneysGettingArrested #MullerAintGoingAway
We LOVE you, Mike!
I could see the pained look on Sara's face whenever I switched over during POTUS' rally. I hope she gets a bonus for having to attend the WHCC.
Was he gathering new ideas about how to insult and demean others like he does on a daily basis? Your outrage is hilarious given your blind support of that bullying, name calling orange clown.
Michelle Wolf showed Americans what honesty and grace are not. PS Sanders on the other hand gets a standing ovation. PS was grace under fire
Your precious daughter mike is the quintessence of grace under pressure we love her
Elitists.  Ha!
So sorry. I was under the impression Congress was there to represent voters...
Not protect Trump.
Trump lives in the 'Whine House'. Thank you
You, Trump, and your daughter can dish out insults but you can’t take the people telling it like it is.
Sarah, you ROCK!
As a citizen of MI, I was never more proud than tonight: President Trump cane to WASHINGTON, MI!
Thank you for your visit, Mr. President.
I wasn’t able to attend the speech, but listened to you, and recorded your speech.
#LOVE OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP
God Bless Sarah
@WSJ  SarAh is always dignified. She does a fabulous job. Wolfe was too disrespectful. Not funny. I’d like to see her try and do that job.
Its the reason NO 45 Did not go,,he knew,,and he knows its the truth
Wasnt it you ,that said ,you were going to ware a james comey mask,so that you could speak out of both sides of your mouth?Uncalled for.The WHCD is a Roast,meant to be entertaining and it was.Truest words are spoke in jesting.
Snowflake.
They're jokes, Mike. It's kind of like 'locker room talk,' but with punchlines. 

Also, you might not want to insult elitists too loudly. You know who the President is, right?
Would watch you anytime sir!

Aw, poor thing. Sending thoughts and prayers.  We have to pretend liar Sarah is a real press secretary. It's just awful.
Elitists? Well if that isn't the pot calling the kettle black. Mike, tell me what the price of a gallon of milk is , what i thought. Until you and the rest of the swamp rats understand the challenges of middle Americans, strap in cuz it isn't over.
Maybe if she wasn't so damn nasty and rude, or maybe if she didn't stand at the podium and LIE all the damn time...or maybe if her boss wasn't such a pathological liar and actually pulled up his XXL big boy depends, and attended....well maybe, just maybe if she was raised better!
Be careful who are calling elites. Trump assembled the most elite bunch of corrupt cabinet officials in modern history. They are draining the swamp right out of the taxpayer's wallets.
Bigly. 
Give Sarah a hug for all of us. It was shameful and disgusting how she was targeted. Sarah is a tough woman, (reminds me of my baby girl) I know you are proud of her.

So funny when an elitist mocks other elitists for being elitists. You are part of that group Mike.
Plenty of ugliness at the WHCD.  Leftists turn into their ugly hateful self's yet again they don't know how to act any other way.  I pity them.
Stop the brainwash old man.  It won't work forever 
"Sarah Sanders burns facts and then uses them to create the perfect smokey-eye. Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies."

-- Michelle Wolf

#WHCD
You're an insufferable beholden creature of his. I can't wait to show you these tweets when your opposition comes into power.
Why do you keep whining.. I thought the show was tasteful and funny. What gop cant take a joke. Oh forgotvpitus so illegal humor is now a death oenalty with gop and potus. Cant hold america hostage for your lies and the depletion of fort knox for long. Plus cant run
Oh jeanine..you will be doomed if you hook to his crashing presidency...man a joke
They didn’t even talk about her as bad as she is there’s a whole Lotta other things I could’ve said about her I felt like she got off easy
How do u sleep at night. ?
Your daughter lies to the American people daily. And you're a hack.
Sir.    You seem to really lack  manners for a man of God,..  I stress that  respecting  and protecting the first  amendment  is the responsibility of each m everyone of us . We really need to raise ourselves from this DEEP hellhole we are in .  
70% of americans know and understand thT trump supporters need to get bombed to continue your charade that trump is good for the country.. I would say have drinks on me but i cant afford how many you would need to continue with gop game
At least it is only wine instead of your two gollons of whisky and beer you need
Awesome 
@JudgeJeanine “Fake News Prom” might be the greatest line ever
Exactly the sort of line a "NEWS" station should be providing.
Still hilarious regardless.
Question do you use a pillow or knee pads when blowing the President? #canthandlethetruth #snowflakes #unlcetomforwhitewomen 
We love @PressSec she’s amazing. Strong and beautiful inside and out! Keep up the good work
Poor Sarah! She doesn’t deserve that kind of torture! She needs a pay raise to put up with that awful MSM!!
Again, I say...AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, loved every second of it
A 32 year old female comedian is an elitist?

If you don't lie, you won't be called a liar.
U have been nothing but hateful forever. The jokes were about lying, which what U have said about many women. The clever makeup joke was fabulous & to feign outrage at Michell is sexist. U played that disgusting cat scratch song with the ogre - extremely offensive to all women!!!

You apparently don't understand what a roast is. Boo hoo.

You have an entire chain of tweets here that is nothing but whining.
Poor @PressSec !
How dare a lady comedian be so vulgar. 

#WHCD 
#MichelleWolf 
…
Haha! Funny to hear a member of the elite pretend that he, his favorite trust fund brat, and the whole trust fund brat's administration aren't also elites. An elitist, supporting elitists trying to call other people "elitists". Hypocrite.
You like all the liars. Therefore, I discount 100% your agitprop about the WHCD. But I agree that there’s a lot of whining coming out of the WH—mainly from Trump and your daughter, who are good at acting like victims, while they destroy the moral fabric of the US every day.
LOL.  You are literally a multi-millionaire tweeting hate in order to make a profit from the tools who believe your bullshit.  Are the journalists who make a middle-class salary somehow more "elitist" than you?
I'm sorry, but she's pretty bad to them at press conferences and you guys say they deserve it. why is that different? it's not. do better.
They deserved all that they got. Trump needs to be in jail, but he probably won't have to go. He tells one lie after another and people like you endorse that. You call yourself a minister so you will have to answer to God.
we're not elite, we just paid attention in college

Triggered?  Need a popsicle, a pony and some play dough?  That’s what you say to people who get offended by your insults. Why is this different? Sarah is a write off Mike. Maybe try lifting up one of your sons instead. No, not the porn producer, he bad too.
Calling the Press Elitist by the party that passed the biggest tax cut for the rich is typical.  They accuse their enemies of their own crimes. 
Sarah reaped some of what she sows. If you are going to stand up and lie to the Americans people day after day, expect repercussions.
Rather watch dog shit dry and turn white. More educational and informative than one of your shows...
Sarah should not have attended.
Here Mike, I believe you need these.


“WHINE” House.... I love that!!  And you! And beautiful Sarah!!
President Trump can not tolerate People who act like him. He chose the easy way out and booked a audience where he had good ratings.
Omg! That’s GREAT...the Whine House Correspondents Dinner!!
No one forced her to be there. #IMPEACH45!
Aren't you the guy that is best buddies with Ted "I shit my pants to avoid serving my country and enjoy sex with children" Nugent?
Do you need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough now? You guys dish it out all the time but you can't take it.
Huckabee is an elitist.
By gosh!

Awww, someone's #triggered.



You aren't good at making these bully nicknames, but no problem, I'll call it the "Whine House" now.  It fits.
Trump had a great rally while WHCD was a terrible display of the Lefts hypocrisy of standing up for powerful women IF they are on Pres Trumps team! We love Sarah, KellyA and Ivanka!
You are a joke of a human being.
Just to be clear, you think Donald Trump, who proudly brags about being a billionaire, starred on a reality TV show, and has a NYC penthouse guilded in gold, avoids elitists? Yeah, that sounds reasonable
She didn’t pretend she was enjoying it at all. She sat there with the usual puss on her face. No sense of humor. She needed a pony, a popsicle, and some Play-Doh.
You already excused locker room talk...now you are insulted?
My gawd, you're such a huge twat, Mike.   FOAD, you whiney Snowflake.
