Funny, I just saw your daughter, with Kellyanne at the event. 
Does that make you feel good to be insulting like that to someone who’s never injured you?

Need to change name:  NO  Lady there!
Stale dorito, maybe. 
Sarah has so much dignity and class.

She is the Best and one tough LADY that trusts in the LORD for HE will repay all those insults 
Then her Dad needs to stop and the so called President needs to stop!  Hurtful isn’t it?
Your daughter has a steel spine and I absolutely admire her strength, intelligence, candor and beauty, esp in the den of wolves she is surrounded by daily.  Just wanted to say thank you for sharing her with the world...she is number 1 in my book.
No worries!! She's going to get the last laugh.. announcing the indictment of the entire former administration criminal network, from the Podium!! If only we had a justice department!! Sweet revenge. Clear Flynn and put him in charge of the needed 2nd special counselor.
I can’t wait for that day. I think it’s coming really soon.
You’ll find out who the morons are when the IG report comes out.
Bahahahha!! Duh, me sure will, duh!!! Say...I am in Texas right now...where should I go to see some of the worst hit areas from Jade Helm?
Troll...
Just did too!
Pass
Good. You smell anyway.
Next year the hosts are @therealroseanne @greggutfeld @DennisDMZ
Only if it’s held at a state fair.
Obviously where you hangout
I think having one of those three really would scare some people.  Omg, you might hear the truth. Your precious bigot ears, with the State Fair comment. Damn, and you try to pretend to be progressive and inclusive? But you throw comments out like that... @true_pundit
I’m never surprised anymore with the hypocrisy thrown out by liberals.The majority is bullshit, like we saw for the 8 years prior to Trump. It has been refreshing to see so many Wins by DJT.  I find it entertaining that your uneducated views are being exposed, by you. Lol

The only thing that was advanced was the public’s hatred for the MSM.  And Gov. I am so proud of how your daughter hung in there tonight. @PressSec is an American Hero.
Yeah, a hero for liers - she plays to an audience of one - only people like you, who are traitor enablers,  choose to hate the MSM & believe the propaganda put out by this demagogue - there's a new reality show coming:  it's called the Bob Mueller show - be on the lookout for it!
We have been excitedly waiting and waiting for the mueller show! I wonder how much longer it is going to take??  #MAGA #WakeUp #MuellerTIme #Qanon
The Mueller show will be known as the bullsh** report. Says a lot but really nothing. Just like what most liberals say. Hum just like you are now. Enjoy you second of Fame. #Trump2020LandSlide. Kicking the Elites rear end daily. It's funny watching you all squea. Just like Nov 8.
You’re a cult member -wouldn’t expect anyone from NC to know the traitor in the White House - he’s been a criminal for over 40 years & he’s not changing now-sad to see people like you get hoodwinked by him - enjoy your second of fame - you’ve been warned - he loves the uneducated
We're watching @realDonaldTrump Rally followed by a movie more than likely 

#MAGA
Nice switch to self-promotion there, bub. 

The good news is Donny Dimwit is a ‘uge fan of self-promotion. 

Who knows, you might get appointed to some high-level position you aren’t qualified for!
Tim, he already has....
Your daughter's there.
Agree! Watching the Rally now!
I'll be watching!! #MAGA 
Proud of Sarah for showing up and remaining classy during that awful event.
Never miss it..unless the rally goes over. But there's always DVR. You're the best gov.
we need to get rid of liberals entirely!  Its time we truly make this country great again by getting rid of the trash.
And how do you propose to do that? Genocide? Mass deportation? Where are your American values?
just stay in Canada Glenn.  you made America better the second you left.
There ya go. Your plan is working! One liberal down, more than half the country to go.

@StrHon2016 @realDonaldTrump Sarah showed class when Democrats showed their true lack of class @LouDobbs @marklevinshow
He’s way too delicate for smart people dinner.

I mostly find you personally to be deplorable
Who did you vote for? Sanders or write in? You helped Trump win. Hillary? You voted for someone who doesn’t know what C means on a classified document.  I voted for the man who just ended the Korean War.
A snowflake says what...
So glad Pres. Trump skipped that press event!!  Who needs those pompous,lying ,rude people!!  Love seeing Pres. In Michigan talking to us, the people, who love  and support him!!!  GOD BLESS HIM!!
MAGA!

And of course that is not at all what the night is about. A celebration of the 1st amendment that all presidents - except yours - has honored, gracefully, for generations. You wouldn't understand. It's too American.
A celebration of #Liberals #1A rights not conservatives. Conservatives don’t seem to have the same rights as those on the #left.
What’s that saying? When you’re accustomed to privilege, equality feels like oppression? Yeah.
That’s exactly how the #MSM is. They think they are better than everyone else and have the right to spew whatever propaganda that they want. But #WeThePeople woke up and no longer believe their lies.
Yes you'd much rather believe the verifiable lies of the current administration. Seems legit.
Verifiable? Tell me more.
Somebody needs to cancel this “event” until decent people are the only ones invited to speak. Brava @PressSec for showing those miscreants she can’t be bullied; but those who participated in this egregious behavior should be sent to the woodshed. Sarah deserves a combat medal.
Your daughter was so great tonight, so stoic and resilient. You have lead her down the right road!
I can’t believe your daughter sat there taking that abuse. She was the only person in the room with class.
Once again a tweet from you answering the question "How far can #MikeHuckabee stick his nose up #Trump's backside?"

Answer: Farther than most of us ever thought possible.
We Deplorables love @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS we are thankful they care more about real salt of the earth ppl. That's what makes them #Trumptastic
Then why does his tax plan help the rich? His apartment 
I wouldn't watch that vile trash show for all the tea in China! Rude, vulgar, hateful people. Stand strong, Sarah, we know you are an honorable person. Never go back and have the REgressives hurl abuse at you!! Not required.
I watched the comedian at the dinner and was disgusted, Trump will never go there and the awards to CNN for breaking the fake dosiea shows how meaningless they have become.
So no invite this year?
Feel bad for @PressSec SARA though!
My heart hurts for your wonderful, intelligent, talented daughter!  The so called comedian displayed the lefts intolerance for women that don’t agree with them!
I thought lying Sarah was his only daughter?
If I were him, I’d never give the traitors the time of day. Especially the Zucker hemorrhoids at CNN
Love ya @GovMikeHuckabee and your phenomenal daughter @PressSec 
They should just go all volunteer Their time I’m sure they go to Cathedral kitchen the way they do in Camden New Jersey they could just cook and feed people all day long do something good for mankind a woman kind of fuzzy friends kind
Thank thank you Miss Green jeans have a great Sunday
That mess needs to be canceled if in any way a single taxpayer $1 funds it.

#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #2A
Your daughter was the epitome of the words beauty & grace.
Your daughter is amazing. You raised her well.
Prayers for your family, Sir!
The MSM remind me of a bunch of Dressed up Prostitutes trying to act as though they have any Class.  Then they open up their mouth and we are reminded of their cheap tricks.
Hey Gov. I just feel so awful that Sarah had to sit through that garbage. She is everything it means to be a strong courageous woman and I know you are so proud. I can only hope that my daughters grow to be like her.
You whining about people thinking they're better than you is irony at its finest. Didn't you stand beside Kim Davis when she thought she was better than a gay couple wanting to be married?
Poor little Sarah - I mean Aunt Lydia.  Her boss threw her out there
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) said this week President Trump's tariffs are hurting U.S. farmers. She is right.  He has opened up a trade war with China and this is the result. That is part of what Trump mentioned in Michigan speech.
Well then I guess that makes your daughter a pompous snob since she’s going. 
CNN just got an award for their reporting on a "breaking news" story - for reporting a leak 
He skipped it because he is scared of being made the butt of a joke he is a chicken shit
Love it they bitch that he won't show up and Trump simply shows they are not relavant
You could talk about the Chaplin getting fired for defending the poor, but you won't. A real Christian would only do that.
What Chaplain? I guess I missed this
The Chaplin @SpeakerRyan fired.
Drain that swamp baby Drain that swamp !!! @realDonaldTrump
He’s a fraidy cat and you’re a buffoon!
When are these criminals aka reporters are going to understand that @potus can see when he is being set up.
With all due respect mr Huckabee; I think that ANY episode of spongebob squarepants is better than a “correspondents’ dinner” episode.
The Huckster has spoken! My Man!

Unfortunately Sir, I'll be watching the Trump Rally!!
You and your wife raised an incredible you get woman. She is the epitome of poise and grace.
I will quote Michelle Obama.  "When they go low, we go high."  

In this case, @PressSec went high and Michelle Wolf and the rest of her wolf pack hit below rock bottom. @GovMikeHuckabee
Your lovely, intelligent warrior daughter should have skipped it too. These leftists are evil & disgusting. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder


I don't think any sex predator should be in the White House - democrat or republican. We have one in office now, so let's focus on getting rid of him.  Not sure what previous predators have to do with it. Need to act on trump now.
I did show outrage then. Didn't you? So are you showing it now? Trump was accused, under oath, by the mother of his 3 oldest children of brutally raping her.  At least 16 other women have gone on the record, publicly accusing Trump of sexual assault.
 ok. You're lost. You might want to switch off CNN & search for the truth in the shit you just spewed. Until then get dafuq off my timeline
The friggin tool @WonderfulWolf77 blocked me! LMAO Ouch, I need a safe space. Probably blocked you too. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
I heard Sarah is stuck going, is she having to say anything? I would watch just to see her give those snobs a southern smackdown!
202-266-7453 this is the number for the White House Correspondents’ Association you can also go to the web page and write a comment LETS GET THOSE PHONES GOING AND VISIT THE WEB PAGE!!!! And demand they issue an apology to Sarah!!!

Proud of your daughter she stayed and took everyone of the left's vile attacks...I personally would have walked out...she stood #Trumpstrong
@GovMikeHuckabee - your show is on at 11:00pm in my Midatlantic stateET.....and,yes,I love it
Uh...they aren't celebrating themselves.  They are celebrating freedom of speech, their commitments to seek the truth.  Now, why would you have a problem with that?  Oh...that's right.  Truth hurts when you are complicit.
Huckabee, why did you speak at Trinity Baptist Church in Jacksonville Florida after both the public and news services informed you that the leadership of that church knowingly and willingly covered up for their pedophile preacher Bob Gray for 20 years?
Enjoy your safe space.
We love @PressSec  
Governor. You must be so proud of your daughter. 
She showed incredible poise and class at the WHCD
The despicable woman who attacked her displayed for all to see the vile, venal nature of democrats, MSM and entertainment industry. We love Sarah
I found @POTUS Michigan event to be filled with hate and lies meant to divide and attack
No person should have to take this abuse as part of their job.  Your daughter & Conway would have better spent their time on your show or home with their families.  Trump needs to pull the White House staff from this outrage.  The people who enjoyed this don't vote for him.
I feel like I need to apologize to Sarah. So proud she held her head high.
Sickens me just thinking about it. Now watching what they did to one of favorite people in the entire world sickens me even more. I Love @PressSec with every fiber of my being. I hope and Pray that my Grand Daughters grow up to have the same gracious beauty and strength she has.

Bull Turds.

There were an equal amount of conservatives and liberal media represented tonight. You ONLY zeroed in on those you disagree with. 

You need to turn your critical eye inwards Mike. 
Jesus knows everything.
You are both petty, thin-skinned men.
He is a coward.  That’s why he skipped it.
Shhhhh you sound like trumps puppet right now

Watching!

The PEOPLE  are showing their LOVE, SUPPORT and LOYALTY.
You know your daughter is there, right?
She got all dolled up and everything.
Why would you call her a pompous snob?
The snob event where your daughter is? Jealous, much?
I am sad that @PressSec is going to suffer those fools in his place.
"Pompous snobs" You mean people with ethics?
I watch your show, it's fantastic just like you and your amazing daughter. She's a pitbull amongst a den of self righteous hypocrites.
The fact is...they don't have any credibility. None.
I guess that's one way to spin cowardly! Even Kellyanne Conway who is banned by some networks had the courage to show up!
I'm here in Michigan .....the love for Mr Trump is REAL!!!!!!
Your daughter will be there. Do you consider her not smart, or pompous?
Ahhhhhh, don't believe so.  I'd rather watch sheep jumping over clouds!  
Fake News Pukes 
Interesting that you attack the host for her name calling and you choose to do the same. #mikeHypocracy
Pompous snob is far far from what she was saying. But I guess the left has to lash out at everything, don't you?
I love how you quickly labeled me "the left". My comments simply point out @GovMikeHuckabee for his being a hypocrite. You can't have it both ways, although you would like to. No matter how far it was from what she said, he chose to get down into the pit with her.
Trump rally!

You and your 56 followers make a difference! NOT!
You & Don the Con would make a great stand up comedy team.
Call POTUS whatever you want; doesn’t change the fact he’s the best president. He just engineered end of a decades long war that will denuclearize an enemy nation that repeatedly threatened allies and tortured Christians. All tried. He succeeded.
No he didn't. Get your facts straight or don't talk to me. Trump engineered nothing between N&S KOREA they did that them selves. Peddle that crap elsewhere.
I have so much respect and admiration for your daughter. What an unbelievable job she has done, not only representing POTUS to the hostile press, but showing dignity, class and beauty we are all very proud of.
She lies for a living.
Assuming you know what a lie is and are not an ignorant fool. Not hard to tell where you get your "facts" from. Now tell us why you voted for Honest Hillary, that will be fun.
I don’t have to justify my vote to anyone, but the fact that we are the laughingstock of the world bc we have a self admitted sexual assaulter carnival barker as the so-called president proves my vote was the right one.
The only thing you proved was your ignorance. Good luck to you
I guess you forgot all off the mean and hateful speech from him.
Your daughter is one tough cookie - she took one for the greater good last night and it will show in coming days and weeks that this event means ‘nadda’. I cringe for for the non- red pilled . Best tonic is to just ‘laugh’ at them!
Agreed. The attack. I mean the “jokes” directed at your daughter were reprehensible. There were much better ways to poke fun of her but the mean spirited venomous tone prove the swamp is out of touch.
Trump was scared to go!
Run and hide Trumpskyites!  Your plan to turn America in to the Handmaids Tale will not work.  The Christian Right will look away when it is quite clear that the President they support has no morals or integrity and is NOT Christian

It’s Trump who hates the media for doing their jobs. He tweets and makes statements. But expects not to be asked or questions about them.
Saying smart move and Don Trump in the same sentence only applies in conjunction with “will resign in shame as impeachment and federal charges loom ever nearer.” There, I fixed it for you
... but your daughter went 
You are a complete snowflake.  Do you need to go to your safe space?
Roasted...!
Amen millions watch our President in Michigan from Florida and enjoy every minute of it who cares about a dinner with a bunch of clowns h-ll we get fake news every day who in the H-ll  would break bread with them # clown dinner
Pompous snob ? 

Have you met your daughter ? 

Pompous LYING , RUDE & CONDESCENDING snob. 

Maybe you should watch a press briefing...

I can't. 

All propaganda & snobiness. 
You must be proud...
Why ?
If the shoe fits mikey.
So you're okay with @realDonaldTrump making your daughter attend the "pompous snob event" and get roasted? WTG, dad.
Agreed. And isn't it ironic, that that lame event is what probably gave birth to Trump's decision to run for president ,back in 2011, when Obama/Seth Myers made fun of him??
The wolf gal... Where have I seen her before???



Found her

Bbyyrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnn
BTW, @PressSec looked absolutely beautiful last night! She has a beauty & strength that radiates from within. Must take after her mom. (LOL) We are profoundly grateful for her intelligent, articulate & focused work to promote the agenda of our great @POTUS ! God bless U & family!
@GovMikeHuckabee @PressSec some people "bully" because they envy the life of another. We can only pray that the children of these bullies know that it is wrong!
We watched Trump live on periscope instead! Who wants to watch a bunch of snobs be rude and disgusting? Many years ago it was polite funny jabs, now it's just filthy defamation.
Our president would be wise to skip the next six…
I wouldn't have gone to that dinner if you paid me. Don't give them the time of day. They are #CommieAssholes and jealous that their have lost their power in #DC
I have a daughter named Sarah. She's intelligent, kind, and excels at everything she does. I would never want to watch her have to sit in front of an audience and take personal and professional insults from a total stranger who had never accomplished anything of substance.
Governor ... don't forget, we hate them more than they hate us, so we win!
@SHSanders45 is better than those scum bag dems. Keep up the great work to all!!!
We all must never forget this is a war. When Philadelphia voted for that piece of work, I was so angry. Are we so fooled by folks pretending to have conservative views that we vote for them blindly. Wake the hell up people.
They are recorded, bullying and spreading hate, it’s called hate crimes. Lock them up.
If Washington so fucked up, Why don’t you take cousin Sarah back home?
Pride is the road to perdition, Mr. Huckabee.The patriarch of all other sin, it blinds us to our sin and elevates the self over God.The pride you bestow on your friend is surpassed only by his own self grandeur. Ask yourself when does he give the glory to God? I'm praying for you
Attending WH Correspondents Dinner without @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is like going 2 a Birthday Party without the Birthday Boy n @jaketapper gets award 4 FAKE Russian Dossier that was Illegally LEAKED by liar Clapper is SO LAME President Trump knew Michigan was the REAL PARTY!
Your daughter should’ve skipped. Disgraceful.
https://twitter.com/miketheaverage/status/990423365100982280?s=21 … #HowBrokeIsHe
Michelle Wolf gave an honest (and funny) speech. 

Did it hurt your feelings? Too bad. Sarah Sanders and Kellyanne Conway are liars. And the media is profiting off of their lies while the country…
Sarah took one for the team. 

Completely ridiculous but it showed her class.
Doesn’t need to go see the fake news people.  If anything they are hypocrites they have nothing good to say about him. They’re just there for the free food.  Hypocrites
Gov, your detestable offspring got recognized tonight. You must be so proud. 

Do tell us about this Jebus that you deplorables follow.
God bless you as you are so right.
And you call yourself a Christian.  You are a joke.
You’re the down home best !!!
Yeah I know what you mean, the DUMPERS  press secretary is there. People like you
 with your intelligence wouldn't want to lister to someone like that.
I block Liberals on Twitter. 

It's up to the smart ones to see the light in their own sweet time.

And they are.

@POTUS gets it.

No good comes from arguing with idiots.
Amen Mr Huckabee.  And thank you for your extraordinary daughter. 

God Bless

A friend of mine who lives down south went to your show and said you are the best. I believe she is right.
Not far from my hometown of Flint!!
Love that decision
WE will be watching!!
your baby is going, she is brave AND smart!
Thank you for making me laugh all the time!
Sorry - I have to wash my hair.
You jealous, bro?
You and the GOP are deplorables
Yes I say no thanks too! But I will watch your show
How does Trump’s ass taste, Huck?
@GovMikeHuckabee  <—- You would have given anything to have been elected POTUS and no doubt would have attended the #WHCC18 #PhonyPatriot
Since they allowed AMBULance  chaser @MichaelAvenatti in I guess they lowered the bar
I may be a few minutes late, the President sure can give a speech! lol
Many people are saying Trump is lame deposit of mouldy rabbit raisins
Can I just say that regardless of anyone’s views or likes/dislikes, when is it ok to be hateful and make fun of anyone. Also GMH is also a dad. He hurt seeing his daughter ridiculed. Please recognize Gods purpose for us. Be nice or be silent. No insults are ok. 
@POTUS should cancel that event once and for all. By the way, who actually organizes that event? It should be organized by a #conservative. #MAGA #USA #WHCD
And what was it trump did in Michigan last night?  "Gather to congratulate themselves for being better than us"?
Governor Huckabee I take offense with you you should have known better to let your daughter go to that you should have told her no one should go to it nobody from the administration. How could you put your daughter through that when you knew it would happen
This is not light-hearted.this is full-on disgust and hatred for our country..the way Dems feel is sickness
And your daughter has class and integrity, traits that Michelle person will never achieve. White House staff should not attend this farce next year.
Governor Huckabee, you have raised a fine woman. You should be very proud. Thank you!
Well, sorry @GovMikeHuckabee your show got so low ratings, that it couldn't even be rated. But... your daughter did attend the WH event.
How far up his butt are u
People aren’t snobs just because they wear shoes and go to the bathroom indoors, Mike. At least Sarah is house broken. Evolution, Mike.
will you be discussing the new "deplorable christians? since most sane christians cannot figure out y'alls worship of this very evil man..but guess your daughter's has to keep that job for some reason?
The media are not even who they used to be. They all pick sides now and have no tolerance fir opposition
Stop acting so “triggered” like such a “snowflake”. What happened to your “screw political correctedness” or “telling it like it is”? Well guess what, you just got fucking told, and if you think it’s harsh, wait until the blue wave coming your way arrives. You’ve fed this animal!
The blue wave you so desire will be the death of America. If it ever happens. Instead of thinking you know more than everyone else, do a little research on autocrats. On socialized medicine. On socialization period. This is what you're asking for. Why?
I’m not asking for any of it; I’m not a democrat, I’m a centrist. But I have been asking for an administration that promotes a code of conduct that’s respectful of all Americans, when the POTUS acts worse than a 5yo then it’s critical that those who elected him reap what’s sown.
Do you know what would happen to you if some child or woman went to the police and said you raped them? Whether you did or not. Do you know?  They would hang your ass out to dry based on lies rather than the truth. They've attempted something far worse with Trump.
Oh, poor Trump, the billionaire “Washington/Hollywood elite” that he is, being also the leader of the free world and he most powerful man on the planet is really being hurt by these vile women claiming that he raped them; yeah, he’s the victim; that ‘s as gullible as it gets. 
You are clueless
It doesn’t matter what you or I think; all that truly matters is that respect be prized between Americans, period! How can that exist when our elected leaders behave like this?This is not ok, I don’t worry if people disagree with me, but I abhors the uncivil conduct of this POTUS
Your daughter will be your legacy.
What a wonderful legacy to have. I’m sure he is very proud of her. I thinks she’s doing a great job.
Maybe Corny  but love here pearls
So sweet with a touch of southern accent.
I do, too. She is a real person, not fake like so many today.
lol
Sorry about the vileness against your daughter. @michelleisawolf is classless while your daughter is full of class. You raised her right.
hell we dont like ypu either glad ur not the gov of arkansas no more
I would sooner vote for Trump than watch your show, you partisan buffoon. (hint: neither of those will EVER happen).
Sarah was there?!?!?!
Sounde like someone got triggered and needed a safe space.
You sure know how to kiss your boss's behind lol @PressSec
Comedienne Michelle Woolf showed NO CLASS towards Sarah Sanders! Woolf is DISGUSTING!
I'm sorry that a simple roast was enough to trigger you. You must be very delicate.

Awwww...did someone get their wittle feewings hurt  #FuckOff #DementedA_hole
Talking about pompous snob events:
Feel sorry for these Evil Haters.. They are all Jealous and Envious of Sarah Sanders... They can’t help it.. Incurable Disease..!!
LOL, this is pompous snobbery.
Is that what Jesus said, always brag and try to plug your own show... #fakeChristianRepublicans
Huck, Why do we honor Propaganda Oh I forgot, they tell us HOW TO THINK! per mika
hahaha it's bc he's a little sissy who needs a safe space
#DumpTrump #TheResistance #TrumpCircus #VoteThemOut #BlueWave2018 #MichelleWolf #WHCD
He is a coward that is why he “skipped” the dinner. The way he skipped Vietnam and any other situation where he will be embarrassed

Taking care of Himself 
Why were you out torturing dogs?
If you don't want people to think you're a deplorable, stop being so deplorable.
As opposed to what your side of the fence does daily?
I sense...SNOWFLAKES!    You almost got enuf going to build a snowman! 

I wish Twitter had a dislike button! Ignoring the intolerance against Republican Females is not enough!
Your daughter is the epitome of a classy person for enduring disgusting insults hurled under the guise of comedy. Class act just like her parents.

