I'm going to continue to attack your vile loathsome soulless pos daughter. What are you going to do about it fat man? You wanna meet and discuss it? Of course you don't. All fat and no cattle you obese coward
A keyboard warrior takes a cheap shot at @GovMikeHuckabee & his daughter, I’m sure he has never had that before. I’ll meet you, where & when. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #Trump2020
yeah, that's what I thought
What are you waffling clown!!
You know where to find me
@GovMikeHuckabee We absolutely LOVE your Daughter sir! The Adam Schiff line just made me LMBO! I think she should run in 2024! She has a HUGE FAN BASE! @PressSec We love you! #TuesdayThoughts #MAGA
You wasted your one thought for the day on that crap? You need to make better choices.
Say's the guy with 2 followers.

Sexual fetishes? It’s apple pie. What are you talking about?
You obviously like fingering your pie eh?
You are so handsome in that beautiful blue shirt. I am going to get one for my hubby. He has blue eyes. Your wife must melt when she sees you in it. Very nice. God bless you and your family and the USA and MAGA. We love Sara.

Again since my original post was pulled , He understands just http://fine.It  was your mother who didn't hear what was being said , that's why your half goat .
You sound like a good Christian too!
Atheist...
No, I don't get the point, nor do I want to.  You are not as funny as you imagine yourself to be. Sarah claims she is proud to be compared to Aunt Lydia.  Pity her children.


the turd never falls far from the bunghole ~
Such a family of #ChristianValues

.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
Gov - "You remind me of Sarah "
More like a shit sandwich
Is there a recipe for dog or how to apply eye shadow from the ashes of  burned facts?
I bet you smell like farts and vapor rub.
Gov I am getting almost as good as you dealing with Dem Haters. Not a prolific writer  but,  darn good debater.
That was cute -

You’re a satanist
Looking fatter than ever!

Why would anyone choose to read your newsletter?
Elitist 
I left you a business card when I was on set week before last. Please give me a call when you get time.
Ha ha


"Every week you stand in front of a microphone and willingly perpetuate falsehoods that do great harm to millions of people.

As a Christian that has to be rough—or maybe it isn't."

…
Hey Mike! Maybe we should have had this pastor instead of @michelleisawolf. Both know ur daughter well so, tough call!
You are always so funny Governor! I enjoy your tweets so much!

No matter what a conservative expressive liberals will hate you
That makes no sense bot
Make sure everyone says #ThankYouCecile
Perhaps strawberry rhubarb... but that's not an insult 

Any of your kids try to sneak a loaded gun on a plane today, kill a dog?
Fake Christians.

35 years of meat sweats.
Good one Mike. You are the most charming and good-humored asshole I know. God bless you.
Right on , but I'm having pie anyway , thanks for the idea.
Got it!! Awesome!!
Gross. Can’t wait to avoid reading it.
I am so sorry for what Sarah Sanders had to listen, and put up with at this nasty dinner, But, what else would be expected from a low life person like wolf, wolf, Sarah is fantastic at her job,!!!!
You and your beautiful daughter are rock stars...2 of the reasons I'm using Twitter!!

More like a fresh pile of .  You are almost as disgusting as your daughter.
Your  reaction to the WHCD

What a handsome man.

I’d rather have some of Sarah’s pumpkin pie.
Something terribly wrong with Dianne Feinstein and her aide Jones.

I just had the absolute worst idea for an American Pie reboot
I hope it don't involve you and your mom , that movies been all over the Internet.
MR HUCKABEE I SUPPORTED YOU THEN AND I STILL SUPPORT YOU FOR HELPING*MAGA*.

MAGA
Christ, you people make me ill.
 

Self promotion seems to be running rampant in Washington these days.
That’s awesome, dude! Will you be attending/speaking! at #EssenceFest  ?


NO I DON'T, THERES THE POINT UP YOUR BUTT
Sent you a msg mike..

HAHAHAHA

But is it better than fresh fresh Somalian Cambuulo?
LOVE you GOV..
That it sucks in comparison to a fruit pie that is unable to experience thoughts or intelligence? That's something worth bragging about!
Always mystified why you tweet stock photos of yourself. It's like you have a 75 year old Intern running your twitter account.

Source close to Trump says National Enquirer story on Michael Cohen appears to be a strong sign the president is turning against his personal attorney. Asked whether a message is being sent, Cohen replied: “what do you think.”
"A source"...
Remember when your son killed that dog. Fun times!

You're the GINCHIEST! 
Want mine ALaMode please!
