ICYMI: My @washingtonpost column on the #WHCD2018 drew about 2,000 comments, the vast majority of them, well, with the same eloquence of Ms. Wolf: https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/wp/2018/04/29/michelle-wolfs-performance-at-the-white-house-correspondents-dinner-what-a-fail/?utm_term=.5e89e7140e9c …
The President is a rich guy with family money from New York City who plasters his name on his buildings and private jet. He IS a coastal elite.
The difference between so called coastal elites and the president is the President doesn’t look down on someone because of their lack of money or popularity.
He's pushing for cuts to HUD (inc. raising their rent), Medicaid (inc. work requirements for people deemed disabled), & SNAP (inc. sending them boxes of food and limiting choice). He also spends his time at exclusive places the poor can't get in to. He's a real friend of the poor
He doesn’t think anyone’s better than another just because of their money. The welfare in this country needs improvement. At least he is trying to fix it unlike democrats that just throws more money in a broken system.
He doesn't think poor people can handle "properly" spending their SNAP money and won't spend time with them unless he's standing on a stage. But he doesn't think the rich are better than the poor? Ok. Sounds legit.
My neighbor is in his 30’s. They are on welfare. He doesn’t work. He has a cigarette hanging out of his mouth every time I see him. He carries into his house cases of beer and pop weekly. He has a wife and 2 kids. I don’t want to pay for his family when he is capable to work.
Even if we assume this to be true, do you really want to use one piece of evidence to indict a whole group? Bc by that standard, the entire Trump Admin has undeniable ties to Russia bc Paul Manafort has clear ties. I bet suddenly your anecdotal observation standard doesn't apply.
Just imagine the great accomplishments to the welfare system we could have done with that money that’s wasted on the Russian hoax.
I didn't know who this #MichelleWolf was before this morning. Now i can't get enough. Did you see her at #WHCD? Damn did she bring it! She did this bit with @PressSec and I gotta tell you, it was hysterical. Be sure to check her out @TheBreak on @netflix. So good. So very good.
I hadn’t seen her before...now I’m retweeting everything with her because @GovMikeHuckabee has his panties twisted over her.
Very True, many people on all sides thought it was disturbing. I Love Your Sara!
Yet the room was filled with laughter.
Hypocrites. Bullying at it's ugliest..
Sarah is an amazing woman and a great role model. As I said to someone the other day, these antagonist jerknalists should get tased every time they ask a stupid question.
Liars make great role models? You must love the Huckabeast family. Plus they have dog killers too. 
Seriously hoping you never had children, & won’t in the future. If you do have children, I feel sorry for them, they’re innocent & have you to look to for morals or lack there of.
I feel sorry for you for believing everything you read in the news and for judging people you don't know, based on evidence you don't have. I despise Hillary Clinton, based on FACTS. Oh and I do have a son, he usually votes Libertarian, this time he voted for President Trump.
I despise SHS for the FACT that she lies daily for the liar in the WH.  Provable verbatim words from Cheeto Chief that she says weren’t said!! It’s all so pathetic. But please do tell me what FACTS you have that make you feel so of HRC. Please do share. Again FACTS not OPINIONS.
So we're elite because we don't believe Jesus rode a dinosaur to church on Sundays?
That, too.
Aren't you an elite, sir? But not a *coastal* elite so that's ok? I'm confused.
That struck me the most. He can pander to the base while getting away with it on a geographical technicality by saying “coastal”. He’s rich and powerful, clearly since people believe his nonsense.
I absolutely deplore what was said to your daughter. What I am even more appalled by is the vituperative responses to @hughhewitt 's article.

Where is decency? Where is respectful difference of opinion?
It went out the door when the shitgibbon of the White House declared he would run for president.
So let me get this straight....you are saying that until President Trump (who BTW is YOUR President as well as mine), decided to run for office, the left represented gallantly by your breathless prose, was all for decency, respect and honor?

Do I have that right?
No. He's wrong. It happened before that - Not long after the Right started in on their incessant calls labelling YOUR President a secret Kenyan, Muslim, ISIS founding friend of terrorists, married to a man, racist traitor who hates America.
I am not RIGHT WING, I am a conservative. I believe in the Constitution that founded this country.

What are you? Are you a patriot?
And, no, I'm most certainly not a patriot. I'm a committed adherent only to truth, reason & justice. All else is subordinate to that - including any measure of patriotism I might possess. If being a patriot at any time runs counter 2 those principles, then patriotism must perish.
Don't believe WAPO gets it yet, either.  Don't know who started WHCD, but it has "jumped the shark"!  When it is no longer fun and becomes unpleasant, it should be terminated!  No more!  Sarah's grace under so much fire was admirable. She will always be better than them!
Poor cupcakes, ignore Chief Cheeto and his incessant insults daily riiiight? If you can’t take the heat, you’re too sensitive for the position you LIE in every day. It was a joke about her lies, not her appearance. Nuance is lost on CONservatives.
You familiar with "jump the shark"?  WHCD did it!  Hope WHCD is finished, as we've known it!  Dems can hold what remains at a new location next year - with NO conservatives. Then you can say whatever you want with no complaints
Somebody get @GovMikeHuckabee a pony, popsicle, and play-doh, stat.
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
It’s pretty obvious where your thin skinned daughter obtained her proclivity for distorting the facts and outright lying. Current online polls show that 94% of Americans, over half residing in the Midwest believe no apology should be given to the Washington Hillbilly, S. Sanders.
Great article and so well stated how true Americans feel!
The same true Americans who love to grab them by the pussy, make fun of women’s looks, make fun of minorities and lgbtq people, make racist comments, and offend anybody generally who are not like them?

Poor Mikey, you need a pony? Hey it's just locker room talk 
"Coastal elites and press" -- Huckabee, remind us again where you're living now, what your net worth is, and which news network you work for that used to cry foul over Obama fist bumping his wife or wearing a tan suit... #hypocrisy #whcd
Why am I reminded of the bully who finally gets punched back and runs to Momma crying in tears?
Bullying happens along a gradient of existing power and reiterates it. That’s the difference between bullying and a fair fight: The bully is bigger and stronger and safer, and wields those advantages over someone smaller and weaker and more vulnerable.
Michelle Wolf got off some zingers at Sarah Huckabee Sanders’s expense at an ultra-exclusive social event entirely filled by people whose livelihoods Sanders holds in her hands.
Beyond that, as a basic function of her job, Sanders enjoys access to the water main of American political consciousness unmatched by pretty much any living person not named Donald Trump
—a privilege she uses only and entirely for the purpose of pumping poison into it, aided by a healthy plurality of the people in that room but not by Michelle Wolf. 

- Albert Burneko
Your so right @GovMikeHuckabee just got that Blue Wave hard to  achieve. Red Wave in 2018!!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah Oh, God, I have stomach cramps hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah oh, please stop!!! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah 
Gov.  Mike I think gasping sounds we’re heard around America Sat. night. Patriots waking up Sunday, for most of us a day for praising our Lord, only 2 read and hear VILE EVIL spoken about our White House Administration. New lows were hit. On JUDGMENT day they will have 2 answer !
OHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! I felt the same way the day after  the orange orangutan was elected by a bunch of knuckle draggers
There is a woman by the name of Michelle Wolf from Hershey who was convicted of beastiality with dogs...not saying it's the same woman but what a coincidence!!! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
No, there isn’t. This is the actual definition of Fake News.
.@michelleisawolf :
1. Leveled criticism at both sides.
2. Held those in the WH accountable for lying.
3. Is not "the press". 
4. Criticized the press for giving your daughter and the administration a pass for their kleptocracy and bad faith.
Also, POTUS is a coastal elite.
Fake news is the only reason idiots think Sarah lies. The facts are the facts and can be verified. Trump is winning for Americans and for the world. Dumbocrats can't stand it.
Your daughter was called out for willfully lying. She does lie. Repeatedly, verifiably. I wonder who taught her that lies are ok if it is politically motivated. I hope that lying doesn’t get passed down to her children. If Josh Ernest lied like she does you’d call him out. Stop.

mike didn’t attend because there’s a limit of 18 trips to the buffet bar per person
Evidently Mrs. Wolfe studied Comedy at the same place as yourself.
the Sorbonne’s École d'Humour?

@GovMikeHuckabee, you sound triggered. Did you get your popsicle? Oh, and btw, don't dish it out if you can't take it.
I feel so bad for the staff..,my Press Secretary took that abuse as a grown up the whole time.The people have had enough of this crap..maybe President won't let That happen again!! Love you Sarah..
The President has been as offensive. What is the phenomena where we can hear the offense of those we disagree with but can't hear the offense by the one we support. As for me, I think both Trump and Wolf represent the worst in us.
 Let me tell you something...the women who got jobs for "favors" are the ones who are offended??? How dare they act that way..then blame the one offering the jobs...Jennifer Lopez said it..Just walk away..
“Journalism had a near mortal self-inflicted wound”? Do you even know what words mean or are you just insane?
That means nothing coming from you.
South Alabama here and I despise you and all the criminals in our White House. I do think I now have a girl crush on Michelle Wolf.
ICYI: Remember when @PressSec lied!!
The only good thing that will happen from that dinner is that this”comedian” will go down in flames like Cathy Griffin, has shown everyone how low and disgusting the media can go and shows everyone Sarah is a class act.  She sat through that gutter liberal with class and grace.
Yes indeed Gov. Huckabee. Journalism today, is 90% "Sad" Even sadder? The other purpose for the annual WHCD is to raise funds for journalism students! Due to the disrespect and insults @ this years WHCD, we vote to cancel all other WHCD's until 2025 => #MAGA 

Nope, not "coastal elites and press"; AMERICANS who care deeply about ideals of truth, honesty, integrity, & are daily repelled by the disdainful way in which your daughter & others lies—w/such impunity—for a corrupt administration. That deserves MORE than a comic's skewering.
How's your dog killing son doing, Huck? Has he moved onto to killing humans yet?
Wow.. what?.. oh my..
"Middle America" isn't as dumb as you hope it is. 
We get it. You're mad because someone roasted your daughter at a roast. Yet, you insult people on a daily basis, including making fun of their physical appearance and limitations. (See tweets re: Justice Ginsberg).
No actually we are disgusted that the vile “journalists” allowed a no name comic to bully another adult.   U cant name any lie sarah has yold so stop ur BS. Funny that u have to go on Mikes twitter to show your hate. It must be awful being you.

Mark what does any of this have to do with the comic disgusting actions to another woman on sat night?  Nothing.  So grow up.
Illustration of the insipid, unfounded level of mediocrity & hate that's been underlying leftist media for years.  What ever happened to respecting one's opponent or challenging them in the arena of ideas?
Are... Are you kidding?

Whats funny here is that you have to go on Mike’s twitter to show ur hate. Pathetic. So desperate for attention?Does no one listen to u at home? Bottom line you dont have to like the press sec but its not ok how she was treated at the dinner. U are truly vile.
Speaking of mortal wounds, your son killed a dog.
Huckabee raised some killer children. Imagine being the proud parent of them. 
Those people who consider themselves "coastal elites" should look at their group. It's the group of rude, crude, and socially unacceptables.
They all think and act alike, like a cult. They have no intellectual curiosity at all, no nuance.
Mikey, your daughter LIES EVERY SINGLE DAY for Donald. We will never forget that. And, speaking of "elites," a guy who flies globally on Delta is NOT an elite? @foxandfriends @PressSec
This "elite" stuff always cracks me up the most.
Especially coming from a rich old white guy...
I love this “coastal elites” term
Do you mean the “educated” people who actually run the country?
Or is it just your contempt of us because we have accomplished more that causes you to apply that term to all “coastal” people
And Michelle Wolf was bad?
Yeah that’s who they think they mean. But when they elect one of the most elite of the country, they clearly don’t know what they mean.
Well said Gov. BTW your daughter rocks!
We luv Sarah and your entire family.
Quote from cited article:
If, as someone once said, “the essence of good taste is never to be offended by bad taste,” that makes Sanders the Good Taste Person of the Year.
I am a "middle American" and I have contempt for religious and financial elites. WHCA is now distancing itself from Wolf because it has no character nor appreciation for the truth, just like you.

Says a man who plays at being a journalist. You're an editorialist at best, a spin doctor at worst. Your family's name and integrity are sinking with Trump's.

Speaking of unifying rhetoric, read a transcript of anything you've ever said and try not to laugh.
I live in rural middle America and I can tell you confidently, we are not on your side Mike. All you do is talk, then your policies make the rich richer and the poor poorer. We don’t need handouts but we’d like honesty.

Sarah Sanders is an international disgrace and a pathological liar. She defends a serial rapist, and has painted the 21 women who accused Trump of sexual assault all as liars. She covers for Trump’s continued collusion with Russia, and is a traitor. The bad joke is Sarah Sanders.
Really? As a member of middle class America, I am offended at  hipocracy, assault on truth, and press.
Isn't 45 a coastal elite?
I am so pissed about what was said about our @PressSec Sarah Sanders is a wonderful human being who respects our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and this other piece of SH*T don't respect nothing she needs a good REDNECK ASS WHOOPING
"Mike Huckabee joked that having Clinton campaign for Democratic candidates in this year's midterm elections is like “having Jeffrey Dahmer do the ribbon cutting at a restaurant opening” during an appearance on Fox News Thursday." 

Journalism isn't responsible for uniting!
None of what anyone else says/does has anything to do with the bullying that the “comic” did on sat night to sarah sanders.  It was out of line. Period.
No it wasn't, i was the truth. Why do you hold a comic to higher standards than yp ur press secretary or president?
Now its two days later and you're still blubbering about this?
Dear Sarah's Dad, the very best of America has your daughter's back! She's a wonderful lady 
Hmmm, if that’s your best, maybe you ought to keep it to yourself.
What happened to your sense of humor?
I would imagine Huckabee would be a little more somber and penitent after being personally responsible for 4 murdered Seattle Police Officers.
His hypocrisy knows no bounds.
May d good lord always bless n protect ur daughter. Tho she walked thru d valley of evil MSM she feared not. Hoooaaaa
How is your son’s dog doing
It was pitiful!! Very telling though how desperate the left has become. They have NOTHING to argue. They can only resort to petty insults and fake conspiracies. I am proud to have @PressSec representing our country!!!  Keep up the good work!!
Less than 20% of the U.S. voted for that traitor in the White House that you chose as your god.  It is not "coastal elites" that have contempt for deplorables like your lying propaganda minister daughter; it is the majority of good people in this Country that still love it.
Yet those same middle Americans support a racist, misogynistic, narcissistic, morally bankrupt, illiterate, imbecile who’s in bed with Putin just because he claims to be pro-life and says he’ll build a Mexican-funded wall. (news flash: he’s not and he won’t)

How does that work?
Sarah is beautiful, inside and out. With more class in her pinky than ALL of these haters added together! We're proud of your daughter you raised her up right!
What is a coastal elite?
Basically anyone who doesn't marry they're own cousin..
Given how much you lie, and given how much @PressSec lies ... just asking, do you have a birth certificate for her?
Whoever hired her and set that whole thing up should be fired. Disgusting and shameful.  Celebration of liberal bullying not 1 A.
It was never meant to unite you know how hateful these people are I admire Sarah for handling it but I am disgusted by the liberal hate
Wow the Russian troll bots are all over Mike Huckabee's page.  I wonder why.
Dope the name fits you I believe in the US constitution I was born here I am an American with Native American blood so you are the Russian bot you are a communist I am American 100 percent
LOL.  Sure you are Tim.  Twitter will be the ultimate say-so when they note your IP address and delete your account.
Tell them to have at it Dear Dope
I already did, 160-Tweets-Per-Day Tim.  ;-)
Well alright Communist we will see who wins
I really enjoy that pointing out Twitter troll accounts apparently classifies me as a "Communist..."
We love Sarah, that comedian had no business being there, whom ever hired her is as disgraceful and hateful as she is, I didn't see anyone laughing b/c her agenda was different than making people laughs.

You are triggered and you need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough to cope!
I just found that and sent it and... you beat me to it!


Trump was elected mainly because he “spoke it as it is”. Should I post the actual horrible things he HAS said about people’s appearance? @michelleisawolf The right’s hypocrisy is blatant here. Liberals are called “snowflakes”, who seems like one now?
Disgrace @realDonaldTrump mocked Mika and Carly Fiorina' face,  Mike loved it. Donald Trump even said how he would like to date his own daughter. Fake pastor Mike loved it. Donald corrupt Trump even mocked a disable journalist, Mike loved it. Now, Mike is outraged.
And he made fun of Ted Cruz wife appearance in a sickening tweet— to me #characterCounts for all and bad character sickens me on both sides.

The purpose of a free press is not to unite.
The press secretary is the daughter of a former governor/media figure/failed comedian, she’s the definition of elite...but you’re right, most Americans feel contempt for her
At least Michelle Wolf never murdered a dog!
All the #MAGA inbreds loved that @realDonaldTrump was so un-PC. Now all u snowflakes cry when a comedian doesn’t have more restraint & respect than the @POTUS ?!! This is why u whiny hypocrites @GOP will lose #VoteThemOut2018


You usually say Political correctness and lack of sense of humor are bad things, except I guess when it's reflected on you or people you support politically.
I agree.  This is why President Trump won and he will keep winning.  I hope he runs in 2020 and the liberals can continue to wake up being hateful everyday.
Said the father of a daily liar.  Nice job, pop.

were you offended when trump said megan kelly has blood coming out of her eyes? FO
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
..... you and Hugh are both part of the press. You get this, right?
Nobody cares about crap flyover states like Arkansas. "Coastal elites" get tired of our tax dollars going to you people. #Snowflake
In case you’re wondering why you have zero credibility with anyone outside your brainwashed followers, this sums it up pretty well.
You & that hack Hewitt are the biggest hypocrites on the planet (you're literally the biggest. Holy hell you're fat!) Middle America was already united, you fake Christian. United against draft-dodger donnie. The #BlueWave is coming, fat ass, get ready for impeachment!
You and people like you mortally wounded the GOP... journalism, however, is just fine & will outlive us all.
The racists are already united!  You didn’t need any help.  Please don’t pretend there are enough of you for decent ppl to care. Trump was elected by Putin’s assault on our election!
You soft huck
Donald Trump is the definition of a “coastal elite”. Why do you treat everyone like we’re stupid?
Love #SarahHuckabeeSanders
Distain, contempt and disgust of the media by us Patriotic Americans Gov. #MAGA
“If, as someone once said, “the essence of good taste is never to be offended by bad taste,” that makes Sanders the Good Taste Person of the Year.”-HH
I agree Mike

& a number of senior women within the MSM, or the partners of high-level MSM entities, were absolutely mortified by what Sarah had to endure

& endure it she did, with good grace & I hope a sense of satisfaction "in that the attempted assassination of her backfired"
Don’t lie , don’t approve and condone your daughter lying , and everyone will be better off
THIS IS FOR REPORTER/JOURNALISTS
The wound inflicted is the daily lying and bullying your daughter does.
Sky screaming 101 right up here people 
The sky screaming was hilarious. Although it was probably the most embarrassing moment in American history, I'm hoping every day the libs do it again! #libsaredopes
So true, Gov. Mike. The left is so ignorant at times, it just amazes me. They think they are uniting their base with hatred and lies, but what they are actually doing is sending thousands of Independents and on-the-fence liberals over to the side of the righteous. ThankQ, MSM.
Sarah has class. 
governor, where do you live and what tax bracket are you in? Who are these "elites" you speak of and what makes them so?
If that is true. Why are the coastal elites the only ones who are upset? The rest of us support Michelle for saying what we are thinking. Seems like you, your daughter and the rest of the coastal elites got their little feelings hurt
The American people fight fire with fire. Every day your daughter defends a bully. Every day you are a bully. So stop crying when people treat both of you. as you treat them. https://www.thedailybeast.com/sarah-huckabee-sanders-hits-new-low-with-trump-tweet-defense … @BBCWorld @thehill @Colettemai @TheChristianLft
Yeah.. double-standards are terrific,Mr.Huckabee.
Democrats, vote them out.
How much did they pay to let this vile foul woman ruin the entire expensive evening?
They definitely went cheap on the entertainment.
How awful and embarrasing for all.


You're part of the problem. It's like being angry at the mirror for not liking your reflection.
GET A GRIP
I am middle America and can’t stand complicit liars who back traitors to America and to Democracy..who’s the elitist?
A look into this comedians past will teveal how ugly the woman really is & enjoyed inflicting hatred on a very nice & honorable woman. Sad.
How does this family have such a poor sense of humor?
Gov. Huckabee= You have an amazing child! You taught her well ! @PressSec Sarah had such grace & unwavering strength while listening to the trash talk from a very unfunny creepy person.She is a great asset to our @POTUS and our nation. Thank You Sarah for your grace
Triggered? Guess you need that “pony, popsicle, and Playdough [sic]” now. Looking for your safe space, Mikey?
Oh, NOW you want to defend women. Your girl deserves EVERYTHING she gets. Go pray on THAT you hypocrite 
#sarahsanderslies #trumpflakes

Poor baby! She deserves everything that is threw at her......and you are no better. If this was Obama you would be jacking off to it! Screw TrumPutin!!
Damn right we’re united in Middle America! My family and I love the Huckabee’s. Broken hearted watching the hate. We will be flocking to the polls. First time around we weren’t sure what @realDonaldTrump would do? Now we know and we must move forward with him. #SarahHuckabee

MAGA
Your daughter is amazing. 
You had no problem mocking President Barack Obama did you so now that it's on your side of the fence you don't blank it moves presents take the abuse during press thing but you can't maybe if your daughter didn't lie everyday then she wouldn't have people saying stuff about her .
Do you need a pony? Perhaps a popsicle?
You are the biggest HYPOCRITE on the planet, you can dish it out (and you're not even funny) but you can't take it. You really don't have any redeeming qualities, you bring nothing to the table but hate and divisiveness.

If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
"Presidential candidate Mike Huckabee called the Iran deal “idiotic,” and likened it to events of the Holocaust, saying that President Obama will ultimately “take the Israelis and march them to the door of the oven.”
This is better and more accurate by far
on Michelle Wolf and Sarah Huckabee Sanders, but most especially on Chris Cillizza: https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/you-cant-bully-these-motherfuckers-1825648283 …
cc The lying liar who lies to protect the #TrumpCrimeFamily, @PressSec:
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Not much else to agree with in that column.  As usual, they miss the point.
@PressSec and others----THE LAW OF UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES is about to unroll its flag. This WHCD moment will provide another rally point for Republicans, Deplorables, Trump 2020 donations, and the SILENT MAJORITY who hate what the LibStreamMedia are doing...!!  Sarah will win!!
The left stream Demo-media has an even deadlier self inflicted wound: engaging in a conspiracy/coup to remove a democratically elected president. See @CNNPolitics @BuzzFeed @yahoo @washingtonpost @nytimes @Isikoff @CBSNews and Evelyn Farkas for details:
It was god’s will.
Kind of a snowflake moment for you, huh?

Sorry that the mean lady made fun of the fact that your daughter lies constantly. It's okay though. You'll be okay eventually snowflake
What's sad is the lies your daughter tells
Didn’t all you #MAGA inbreds love that @realDonaldTrump was so un-PC? Now all u snowflakes cry when a comedian doesn’t have more restraint & respect than the @POTUS ?!! This is why u whiny hypocrites @GOP will lose #VoteThemOut2018
Truth hurts.
Who wants to tell him Trump is a "coastal elite?"
Things Republicans are offended by: 
A comedian telling jokes.
A chaplain in prayer, asking them not to hurt the poor.
Anyone who is not Donald Trump using vulgar language.
A gold star dad holding a constitution & differing opinions.
Oh stop...it was just locker room talk....
Wrong, Mike. It "united middle America" in calling a spade, a spade. As usual, you, your daughter and P0TUS reject the *truth* as an attack. Well, truth hurts. Be sure to keep appearing on Fox News. The self proclaimed "Entertainment News" agency.
a group of rich people meet at a dinner and talk about "coastal elites"
the fact that humans with brains listen to you is absolutely astonishing
He’s not a journalist in any sense of the word. He’s a partisan hack much like yourself. OT , what do you do for a living? I know you won an election once. What do you actually do?

Yes, the liberals should continue this behavior! It makes look better ever time! Maybe, people will stop & ask Is this what we have become? Answer! Yes!
#SnowFlakes
Awww did the snowflake get triggered? You follow a president that has said much worse, and your daughter lies daily. I would say STFU. Can dish it but can’t take it. Typical @Gop
Gov, you should take pride in having raised a strong and classy daughter. The juxtapostion of her against the filthy, hateful speaker is striking. Only the sewer dwellers on the left will defend the disgusting #WHCD. It will speak volumes of those who do.
It's sad the taxpayers pay your spawn six figures annually to lie on a daily basis.



It's Monday morning and @CNN is defending this bully.
Does turnout for the Roseanne show demonstrate that many people are willing and ready to see the humor in their foibles?

Conservative or otherwise?

This gig just simply wasn't funny. 

It did highlight that undeserved accolades are expended on a slanted and unworthy press.
If that's the best, they all must be terrible defences of @PressSec . When did you guys become such snowflakes?
Hypocrite...psst Mike, what have you done lately to unite us?!
You should over prayers as a xtian, just fade away with your hypocrisy. Pretender
Just shut it!
Get Help, you’re suffering from #whataboutism....
Practice what you preach! #snowflake
Oh BTW even though Sarah is a paid, snarky liar, I thought she looked very nice on Saturday.  See I am an adult!  BTW where was your outrage when Trump said the last Pres was not an American!
When you say ‘middle’ America, are you referring to the geographic portion of the US that elected the worst POtuS in history, therefore guilty in aiding a corrupt, unfit man destroy the US? You’re all responsible & on the wrong side of history & will be forever remembered for it.
every woman, race, religion and the disabled feel united with Sarah since she works for a MAN that criticizes everyone

Sarah lies for Trump. You know “Thou shalt not bear false witness” forbids: “1. Speaking falsely in any matter, lying, & any way devising & designing to deceive. 2. Speaking unjustly against our neighbor, to the prejudice of his reputation; & (which involves the guilty of both).!
Gov, it's just helping build the equilibrium of the building RED wave that's crashing across the U.S. again in Nov. These dimlibs are too blind to see that the #TrumpTrain is GROWING! They keep saying that he's losing his base but just like in 2016 when #WeStood we still are.
It was hilarious.
Sarah is becoming a legend.
It is very regretful that our WHCD has come to this low state. 
It appears its removal, or replacement is in order.
Sarah looked good!
I’m one of many Americans saying  “who is Michelle Wolf ”. Now we are saying “we haven’t missed anything of importance “ Despicable-not comedy. Real comedians are gone.
I am truly upset how rude and ugly this wack comedian was to Sarah. I am mad and offend. Love Sarah
Well, it also reafirmed your daughter's amazing strength..character  and grace.
. Offended by stand up comedy !
@washingtonpost ok special snowflake go hide in your safe space from the comedian

Huckanut, When are yiu going to apologize for Sarah's lies everyday ?
But your boy kills dogs,yet that subject never gets broached in your tweets. How does his "smokey eye" hold up?
