Well if old Sarah didn't blantaly lie to the people maybe she wouldn't have been toasted
Funny how its ok for u your daughter and the president to bully and do other stuff.  It when it comes back at u . U can t take it. What comes around goes around Mikey. People r getting really tired of your shit.
If you thought that sluts comedy rojtine was even near tastefull you are beneath dog dirt
If u live n a glass house like u and they do don't fuc king throw rocks. How she talks everyday to people she should have her ass handed to her.
God Bless you and your daughter! You have done an excellent job as a father! We are proud to call her our @PressSec
I’m not; she is a lying disgrace


So ZERO chance of anything funny.  Got it.

We all enjoyed last night
Figures! Rude, abusive, and disgusting individuals WOULD  find this enjoyable.
Well then @GovMikeHuckabee wouldn't be bitching about it then, since he fits all those parameters.
Thoughts??? #Hypocrisy
Hey Huckabee when did you become a accredited journalist?
Will you talk about how your son tortured and killed a dog?
How about your daughter that get paid tax payer money and lies every day?
Why don’t you tweet about your animal abusing son? Or maybe that guy you furloughed who killed cops outside Seattle?
Any chance you'll address your dog murdering son on tonight's episode?
remember that time your son killed that dog
That's to bad we enjoyed seeing her telling the truth about big girl priceless
WTF are you talking about? #Boycott@TBN #BoycottRacistHuckabee
Hoping you crack a hundred viewers tonite?

Just to be clear, Trump’s ‘Pocahontas’ jokes are OK but smoky eye jokes represent the end of civility. Good to know.
Why don’t you let Sarah on and you can quiz her about some of the lies she has told for Trump.
*Potential* silver lining from #WHCD is maybe those who speak for #POTUS reflect on consistent lies (did you hear cockamamie new definition last week about what "breeding" meant when @realDonaldTrump spoke about minority communities!) and reconsider their roles, obligations.
Are you going to be telling any jokes about getting sucked out of airplane windows? Or the "short bus"?  Because those were gems.
Governor Huckabee, you must be so proud of your daughter. Just like our president is proud of Ivanka. Well done to you both!
He’s also proud of psychopath son of who tortures household pets, hangs dogs from overpasses
Even liberals know the WHCD only serves to set their agenda back decades.  What makes liberals look bad?  Liberals.

yep these are just the kind of lies Huckabee and family approve of.
It's a scheduled event; y'all had plenty of time to report to a safe space like the president did.
If your gonna make your living telling lies, oh well, also isn't wrong to lie, hypocrite Christian
Tell her to get over it and attack her treadmill. Exercise is good for you, being a big fat liar is not 
That is great news! I thought Sarah looked gorgeous last night...and Michelle Wolf shouldn't really be criticising anyone- Wolf's  hair looks like it has been through a Mix--Master & her teeth are bigger than Mr. Ed's. I couldn't help myself. Love Sarah.
How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle! O Jonathan, thou wast slain in thine high places.
YAY!!!!! We will be watching!!
Your proud of someone who lies for a living?  I hope Jesus is keeping notes.  You are going to have a lot of explaining to do.  REPROBATE 

Sarah Huckabee Sanders Daddy right here.
Now we know where Sarah gets her lying snowflake behavior.
 
You are such a snowflake.
You're a ding dong, Mike
None mentioned are news, Mike.
Cool. We get to watch and see where soulless liar Sarah learned her trade.
Your right. Luckily for you it’s not on tonight b/c nobody would be watching your sh-t show Huckabee
Yay to both!
Many people are saying Trump is a dreadful stack of toxic lizard guts
You had a MASSIVE amount of hubris to call Obama out on how he was raising his kids. At least his kids aren't torturing animals or lying for a living! Amirite?!?
Love you and your daughter. Both class acts. I'll be watching tonight as usually. So enjoy your show.
Probably skin as thick as the family dog that Huckabee's son murdered.
"Again I say to you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God."
Americans support and love Sarah!!!

Love U'R show needs to be Longer! those skaters WOW everyone was amazing Great show. Thank you for returning to TV Missed YOU God Bless
Who cares what mikey tweets. Most of his followers are bots.
Which of your fine boys tortured and killed the dog again? Does he still live at home? Better lock your bedroom door at night. Great parenting.
If you voted for “grab them by the PUY”, zip it about Michelle Wolf

Remember you didn’t want politically correctness, so toughen up kitten


Sarah Sanders is an international disgrace and a pathological liar. She defends a serial rapist, and has painted the 21 women who accused Trump of sexual assault all as liars. She covers for Trump’s continued collusion with Russia, and is a traitor. The bad joke is Sarah Sanders.
Wow.  No sense of irony, dude.
Mike Huckabee ur a low down SOB
Will your dog murderer son be a featured guest?!
Huck Sarah is out of diapers now. U don’t need to tweet about her every second.

Candace used to be on the view. Horrible show.
This is like Hee-Haw but without all the good writing.
Are you having pedophiles on? They seem to make up a HUGE part of your "personal life." In fact, if people are smart, they'd never leave you alone with their kids, seeing as how you hang with the Dugars and John Perry. And I do hope you're keeping your "son" away from animals!
Every week sir.
I love Sarah.. You must be proud Sir..

Incredible show.  Thank you Jesus!

You have a show? I think I found a new drinking game.

Another piece of good news, no dead dogs found around your son’s place.

Who cares! An old white man with old thoughts farting dust in the wind.

I would rather watch paint dry.u, trump, sanders, & kellyann r all the biggest liars around.. the educated women r going to vote u out.a blue wave is coming. There r good repub but u all aren’t them. Not the repub party of my parents
Mike, 
I think your daughter is beautiful on the inside and out.

Getting TBN just to watch your show.
Poor delicate buttercup and snowflake - did the mean girl on WHCD hurt your widdle feewings? Here's pony and ice cream cone. Go cry to Mommy.
Wow you sure got butthurt over the #WHCD didn't you?

Going to watch
Why in the world would @realDonaldTrump go to the WHCD???? 

It's like going to a restaurant KNOWING you were going to get FOOD POISONING!!!
Watched your show last night !!!
Who gives a shit of them @GovMikeHuckabee
We the People love you and Sarah!! %
Just got a season pass on tivo. Tivo lists the station as TRI
You must be so proud of your daughter ! Powerful, classy woman with no limits to her success !!
Too bad it's not on tonight 80%  Americans lol them putting the big girl down truth is truth
That was sick and disgusting. I was furious when I listened to that garbage. What happened to us?
I don’t see even one piece of great news there.
Dear Gov Huckabee
 I sent a tweet that was meant for the slime dogs attacking Sarah to you by accident. Please disregard. My bad. I meant what I said to the punks attacking her. She's a Champion n time for HER to  throw them out of the conference room with any sign of disrespect
Sarah did you all proud last night. And looked stunning.
Your daughter had more class than every other person in that place.
HUCK, That is great! RT reminder later. Thks.
What an all-star lineup! I’ve actually heard of one out of three!
I thought it that you were off the air.
Send love offerings
Rocking out with his mini band
Ok
Amen!!
