Goobers are the idiots who go out and destroy a good quality cooler they already paid for..lmao.
I probably won’t destroy mine, it was expensive. But I’m sure I can find a nice big NRA sticker laying around that’ll cover their name nicely.

Then why did the not post this the day that they split with @NRA to avoid the #boycottYeti
*takes sip from @YETICoolers tumbler* 
It's probably working just fine for them, Mike. Snowflakes like me support them and they decisions (which they are free to make in the home of the free, right?)
Ok, let’s ban your CAR! That’s also a modern weapon. Better for the entire planet also
Actually it'd be best to do away with humanity if you want to better the planet.
Car as a modern weapon is a stupid analogy. Cars are made for transportation. Guns sole purpose is to be a weapon, to kill.
You realize that is not true...right? Vehicles are used as weapons.  If they don't run you and thirty other people over on the sidewalk, they'll just blow it up.
You're a tool. Have friends that work at yeti. And they support me as a hunter and helped me load their cooler. #fromtherealworkingman
Never even heard of Yeti Coolers, so not the only cooler company.  Enjoy your reduced customer base. 
Goobers are. A delicious enjoyable snack. I would say they are more of a sour patch!
The MAGA crowd can't afford a YETI.
Might want to do some fact checking. I can.
I can too
Shame on @YETICoolers 

They declined to work with the NRA charity foundation.The members of NRA will take business elsewhere

CHOOSE ANOTHER COOLER BRAND- 
@OrcaCoolers
@OrionCoolers
@EngelCoolers
@GrizzlyCoolers
@RTICCoolers
@LiddUpCoolers
@K2Coolers
Love your sense of humor, Governor. #MAGA
What sense of humor? Being a whiny triggered deplorable
You have a lot of time on your hands, looks like you use it to bully people and call them name's. She lost @realDonaldTrump won! Get over it!!
I bully no one. It's a simple observation. Every Trump supporter I've met can dish out the name calling and rudeness but turn it back on them and boo hoo. And y'all call us Snowflakes, never met a more whiny bunch than Trump and his supporters.
I'll say a prayer for you
you're throwing a hissy fit over a discount being changed on a thing you already have
Way over priced and not even made in the USA. Support American made only
Rtic is also made in China, just like Yeti
A large trading post (gun store) in #Maine pulled all remains @YETICoolers and canceled their order with their distributor.  #BoycottYeti          Support @NRA
Besides there are several other super coolers on the market that are half the price.
Never again will I purchase one of their products... and I was a pretty loyal customer....
Yep! YETI! Y'all Going down down down! Picked on the Wrong Group! Dah! Wonder how many NRA MEMBERS BOUGHT THEIR PRODUCTS! Think about Exactly Who most individuals buy them! Where are most products used?!?!? Doesn't take a  scientist to figure that out!
And the triggered deplorables are blowing up their own coolers. lol.
Your timeline is really juvenile.
They should know their customer base and keep politics out of their business. Plenty of product on the market. Yeti is good but they do have good competition
TOO FUNNY!
Idk about you, but I always bring my yeti to my antifa protests. Being anti-fascist works up some thirst my dude.
Cool I was thinking of buying one for my father. Now I am definitely am going to. Thanks for the tip Huckleberry Hound.
Could always buy Rtic
@pelicancoolers Is donating $10 of every cooler purchased until 4/30 to the NRA. Just sayin...
Thanks for the info! I am seriously buying another one just to support. We have a small one already that we got from a St Jude’s fundraiser. It is just as good as YETI, I actually like the look better too.
I heard Maytag, Whirlpool, and Frigidaire don’t hand out favors to the NRA.  Maybe y’all should go blow up your refrigerators, too.    #Yeti is cooler than you.  #gunfetish
YETI  must have more money they they know what to do with.
So does the NRA!
Or, maybe they are decent human beings and not only care about money like modern day Christians and republicans? #WrongSideOfHistory #FakeChristian #Lovetrumpshate
Way to go YETI!!!  Love it!  As for you, fat Mike, you’re the goober. Go grab a snack and shut up
So did you go buy a Yeti? At least ten people I know just bought Pelicans. Its called capitalism. Money talks and bullshit walks.
Then I will buy 10 yetis, touché
Prove it. Post with receipts. Not the little cups either. Go get one of everything in their line.
I don’t need everything in their line but I do need some of their stuff so I will buy the 10 and post receipts for you. I am the coastal elite after all but right now I have to work to support the people in the red states.
I know right, I mean who buys the most yetis, (hunters) of course we do, and most of us are pro-NRA 

I wonder if Yeti realizes they have  just literally shot themselves in the foot...
You do realize that YETIs largest customer base is probably soccer moms? Ramblers sell much faster than expensive coolers.
Send that to palin in Alaska!
If I served on a corporate board that had a CEO stupid enough to alienate half their customer base that CEO would be MIA.
And by the way, how many snowflakes can afford Yeti Coolers?? I'd say not very many....
Maybe you should retire big fat mouth.
Nailed it again. You are on a roll.
Orca makes good coolers


Um, goobers? Really?
Buy Pelican Coolers ....they will donate 10$ to the NRA when you buy one of their coolers
Already have a really nice Yeti cooler.
Well aren't you special
Republicans are really good at that Us v. Them mentality. That's why you've been losing special elections or Dems have at least been closing the gap in formerly strong trump districts. Good luck with that in November  #BlueWave2018
Don't destroy your coolers. Sell them cheap on ebay.
It is a laughable ignorant decision on YETIs part. It is like a fishing boat company being against fishermen. I am blown away at their stupidity.
These leftist CEO's are just shooting themselves in the foot.  (pun intended)
Goobers? How eloquent. Even gun owners (the minority of Americans, btw) are in favor of sane gun laws. Everyone here has the right to own a gun until you lose that right by your own behavior.
“Snowflake” “Goober?” I’ve given you way too much credit over the years.
Let's see...Yeti makes a business decision that is well within their rights to make and people like you just can't handle it. Yep, there are some snowflakes around here, and I'm responding to the biggest one.
Good tort Gov.
@pelicancoolers are better anyways
There are millions of responsible LIBERAL gun owners who hunt.
Yeti won't miss you. There are only 5 million NRA members, that's not a lot.
And the majority of the members want changes.
Got all of our politicians have turned into 7 year olds the last 2 years
And who's been taking Russian money?  It's not Yeti!  Yup, it's the NRA.   #NRATraitors
Goobers.....LOL
Hey huck, the Yeti boycott will be a case study in how fake news spreads in this day and age & how people like you perpetuate it.
1) Yeti changes policy
2) NRA does not get facts, just says Yeti is bad
3) Some NRA followers believe yeti is bad no questions asked
4) World goes crazy at “anti2A Yeti”
5) When real facts come out no one believes 
6) Good business takes big hit, jobs may be lost

Nice work Mike
I Beti YETI will Regreti this.....

YETI is overpriced, mass marketed,  big box retailer based merchandise. I've never bought any of its products. I prefer Coleman. Higher quality, better prices.
Over priced Chinese garbage. .... buy @pelicancoolers and support American workers
Yeti, run by a pack of peckerwoods.
Never Yeti - do you also sell snowflakes/ “”Coleman”” is my pick !
@OrcaCoolers ...a great alternative here.
How in the hell are you still relevant? Is it your daughter?
Let me get this straight
Soon Yeti coolers will soon be spotted as often as a "real" Yeti.
#BadChoiceYETI #2A #Trump2020
Lol yea cause we’re all relying on yeti coolers to preserve are food...I have a refrigerator
Amen
@pelicancoolers
Things I learned from @govmikehuckabee : only hunters use coolers.
Pelican Coolers contributing $10 to NRA for every cooler order this month plus sending you free tumbler.  Ordered mine. Get on board.
RTIC are similar but less expensive! No Yeti for me!
They can't even afford Yetis. Mom and Dad aren't going to loan them that kind of cash for a cooler...and they're already 2 months behind on "basement rental" to help chip in on the utilities...

#Yeti #yeticoolers #MAGA #TuesdayThoughts
You beat me to it. LOL.
Driving their 92 Honda Civic with no back window, big fat Yeti sticker on the bumper
So true
Any of you anti yeti cooler owners wanna give up one of those babies for your cause let me know
Hey politician guy, you shouldn't complain about yeti while you political types rape our environment, imprison people with your IRS, YOUR DEBT BASED MONETARY SYSYEM, AND STRIP OUR RIGHTS LITTLE BY LITTLE EVERY DAY. THEN CLAIM CHRISTIANITY
Goobers
#forgetiyeti. Heretofore.
Would never buy a Yeti product!
Who else would want a Yeti cooler besides hunters and fishermen? Are they gonna try to market their products to the Forrest Bathers?
Stupid management
Good for YETI Coolers.   No one should ever want to associate with the terrorists at the @NRA or any shit stain that supports them.
Goobers!!, HILARIOUS!! Your awesome Gov Huckabee!!.
Based on @GovMikeHuckabee’s anti-endorsement of @YETICoolers, I’m going to exclusively buy that brand going forward for all my cooler needs. Also ‘cause they dropped the NRA, and that’s applaudable. But mainly ‘cause Huckabee sucks at life and everything else. Fudge that guy.
Me too! @YETICoolers gained my business.
Yeti coolers are great for target practice!   
#BadChoiceYETI
Check out RTIC coolers. They're great, affordable and the company is pro 2nd Amendment! We don't need no stinkin' Yeti's.
Pelican
Uhm there are PLENTY of people in between your description, mike i cant wait until you are voted out.
I do not own a Yeti cooler. I have an Igloo cooler
Aren't these the same assholes who thought a kid calling for the boycotting of Laura Ingraham's sponsors was the worst thing since the abolition of slavery?

I’m boycotting yeti and I will not sell yeti
Gonna have a bonfire with yeti stuff
@RTICCoolers all the way!!!  #byebyeyeti

Tossing my yeti mug in trash now!
Lost my biz! 
These CEO's of these companies have no business smarts
I think they’ll be ok
Igloo coolers @GovMikeHuckabee we fish we hunt we boil crawfish
Why are you defending a special interest lobby group? If you son kills another dog you may want to ice it down for family picnics.
Good for them... 300 million guns out there so that should work well for their business plan!
I'm a gun lover and I have a Yeti cooler. What I don't have is an NRA membership and I don't want one. The NRA can blow up all the expensive coolers they want. Sounds dumb to me. BTW, how'd you get to be governor with that shitty grammar?
Dang, I just bought my first @YETICoolers tumbler the other day.  Guess I’ll take it back and get a @HydroFlask
So you people actually think a company founded and run by hunters is anti-gun?  Really?  This reeks of the NRA not liking a reduction of Free Stuff™ and trying to get a kneejerk Sjw-style reaction and an apology for Yeti along with more Free Stuff ™
Watch out I'm sure this thread is full of snowflakes, better bundle up
Proud #Antifa member here, and I will continue to keep my vegan sausage in my @YETICoolers. I might even buy one for you to hold all them tears you're producing
It’s not even true.  Are you drunk again?
Um, I'm a gun hater and I have lots of @YETICoolers products. Cold is cold.
Lol as a LONG TIME NRA member I can say I’m very happy with my reasonably priced Igloo coolers love mine with the “trap” door in the lid !
Didn't YETI Holdings Inc. withdraw their IPO 3/26/18?  Management must have known they were going to make a major mistake that would negativity impact profits.  Spitting in the face of Citizen / customers because they support the U.S. Constitution, not smart!
Guns kill
Excellent move @YETICoolers. I was going to buy @RTICCoolers but chose to buy the best. I am glad you stand up to the @NRA. #NRA #Yeti #yeticoolers #NRABloodMoney #NRABoycott #NRAKillskids
My favorite word...goobers, lol
I've never seen a cooler at a protest march- just family campouts, parties and celebrations of all things good - so...nice business model you've move to yeti - I'm out
No more YETICoolers for my family @yeticoolers!!
not too many high school kids buying @YETICoolers
Goobers?  Really?
They should have thrown out who ever in the board room thought this was a good idea 

Unfortunately they've sided with ppl that can't afford one in the first place 

It's a niche market high end coolers 
Oh well
#badChoiceYeti
Conservatives hate snowflakes because of what happened to the Nazis at Stalingrad

For every cooler purchased this month, we’ll donate $10 to the NRA + and give you a FREE tumbler of your choice. Promo code: PELICANPROUD

…
So....now, it will be harder to find a Yeti cooler than a real Yeti...oh well, can’t fix stupid
I Gess that CEO @YETYCoolers is antifa and gun hater and also lefty! No good combination for business!
Use Coleman coolers instead, they are better and cost less. Your only paying for a name with them.
Thanks Gov, only knew one person that had a Yeti. They won it & sold it. Got better things to spend $900 on.  They think they’re made of gold. Wouldn’t miss them if they went bankrupt.
You need to read their statement again. You missed a lot of important words. Reading is important.
I gotta buy a Yeti cooler just because
I have to make a comment I hope they find out the fact there coolers are way over priced and there are better ones .Oh I guess they dont  care anyways. Good luck and when you wish to sell to the hunters again your going to see they could care less. People kill not Guns.
Boycott.
Real Fathers Protect their Daughters from Potential Pedophiles & Assaulter of Women. That is what Real Fathers Do. Not Mike Huckerbee father of Sarah Huckerbee Saunders the Professional Liar aka Press Secretary of the Oldest, Fatest, Racist selected president
You sound so stupid.. lol
The left loving Yetti company will NEVER again receive a dime from us!!!
Artic makes a great cooler right in Texas!
Yeti has found God it appears many of their coolers have come up hole-y.
Not the best coolers for the money. Testing proves it.

Think we conservatives are probably the only ones who can afford their products. For sure, most snowflakes can't.
You and the rest of the AM radio morons should get your story straight.  The (not-so) great one was just saying the opposite.  And anyways, I thought boycotts were un-American?  Or only when they're directed at one of your own?
Other brands much cheaper - you just have to give up the free ice.
I used to buy a lot of them for graduation gifts. No more.
I like Coleman coolers.
That awkward moment after blowing up your Yeti cooler when you realize all they did was offer the NRA a restructuring of the discounts they were getting.
I just ordered a cooler from Pelican. They are swamped with new orders and made in the USA. Also Pelican has a lifetime warranty
Shop Igloo coolers - Katy, Tx American Mfg. since YETI doesn’t want deplorable business.
Viva Pelican coolers - bye bye yeti
They lied about the whole thing on top of it.
To expensive anyway
I have not seen elk or moose meat in the supermarket coolers.  We ranch and farm as a Nation.  Do you get your nest feathered by the NRA?  Because We got mass shootings going on.!
Probably pretty good since the majority of real Americans support gun control. #JesusIsWatching #LyingHypocrite
Good! It will be a windfall for ORCA and K2 Coolers.
They make great targets
Peo gun doesn't mean pro NRA which is a gun club and there are many. What the NRA does sometimes (Lobbying on behalf of gun manufacturers) is illegal.

Again. Pro gun, does not mean pro nra just like pro literacy does not mean pro [whatever] famous bookclub.
We are looking into it...
#priorities



@davidhogg111 might be interested in this thread on #NRA  by a former Governor of Arkansas who vacated his office in 2007. 11 years ago.
Yeti will find out politics and business are a bad mix for the bottom line.
It going to be interesting to see how it pans out for them.
Product is overrated anyway.  Here’s what you can do with your cooler. https://upload.democraticunderground.com/100210532008 
I will never buy a Yeti product
PelicanCoolers is donating $10 to the NRA for every cooler sold and throwing in a mug.  Cheaper price and higher rated.
I'll be buying two to offset the loss of business from mouth breathers like yourself. You lose..............again.
Lots of options. Rtic, Pelican. Bye bye Yeti!
Never purchased one. Way over priced. Others just as good.
Time to boycott yeti!
Most people who have recreational firearms also fish.  Oh well.  Dumbasses.
An advertisement for vasectomies...
#notyourcustomer @YETICoolers
You can still keep your son's dead dog in a Yeti.
GOOBERS?! Christ you're a failure.
They are trying to one-up Dicks.....in lost sales.
Hey Mike, nice post but don't use my name., LOL. Spanish peanuts or not.
It's working out better than having to work at ShareBlue as one of David Brock's #NerdVirgins .
Why don't you call up the parents of all those dead kids and tell them they are a bunch of "snowflakes"? I dare you. Ask your gun hugger friends to the do the same.
Where are you gonna hide the dog carcasses from your sons "episodes"?
Amazingly stupid move Yeti.  Hope you reap what you sow.  Signed:  one of the MANY brand new NRA members.
Yeti, named after something commonly known as the Abominable Snowman.  Abominable meaning "detestable, or causing disgust".  So one could say they are living up to their name. Who cares?  I have not, nor will I ever buy one of their overpriced coolers.
Buy @pelicancoolers I have one and use it fishing, crabbing, hunting and "camping" in our tth wheel.
Exactly Yetti ...   see who buys your overpriced coolers now
Smashed mine today.
I returned 2 Yeti coolers and a bunch of cups recently purchased for the kids sports teams. Bought RTIC products and saved some money! Win win!
How to wreck a brand 101!
Goobers, love it..
Seriously? This is the lamest tantrum you’ve thrown Mike.
YETI IS OVER RATED
Gun haters ??
They'll be fine, just a other one of many fine sponsors coming to their senses.
Actually, they are not fine. They called off there public stock offering because of how badly they are now doing.
Igloo makes a pretty good cooler. Less expensive too.
