United is no better
Except fat Huckabee is on Delta.  Great reason to fly United. He takes up two seats and pays for one.
What an unkind, ignorant & hateful thing to say. All Airlines have made seats more narrow, added extra seats which shrunk leg room in order to squeeze every cent of revenue from every flight; any experienced traveler knows this is true
Agreed! Airlines, including United and American have seemingly colluded so that each reaches maximum profitability with no differentiation, and suffering for passengers. That said, the Huckster is a mass of fat, taking up two seats and paying for one. Arm rest stays down, fatty!
Have you seen @GovMikeHuckabee take up 2 seats in economy or just a cowardly little troll being nasty & disrespectful of a good kind man?
Good kind man? We are not talking about the same guy.  I’m talking about the big fat former gov of Arkansas. The one who wins the award for the most venomous snarky tweets on this medium.  His bilious bulbous girth spills over the arm rest into the next seat with nary an apology.
Does this mean you don't like the Gov. ?
Here’s what two much more influential Republicans think of the always eating Huckabee.
Nice. Way to make light of a human being who died this week.
Glad a mother’s death gives you fodder to complain! Very Christian.
Agree!   6'4" 290lbs can't fit!
Oooh Mike, too soon....(recent air plane related passenger partially sucked out the window) They will attack you for the comment. I love you....just a heads up..
The woman died and Huckabee made her the butt of his joke.
Very tasteful - not.
Really?? Is that what he did? He described his own event on a crappy flight and you attribute his tweet to a woman who died?!? WTF is wrong with you?
OMG did READ what I said.... I said "they"...the leftist, liberal fake news spreading demographic of our population...would jump on it....NOT me...
You two are VERY entertaining 

@FirstWillisCrew replied to me, not you @nanadukes68
So who pays for your first class flights, you ? or us the taxpayers? 
Can't reach son John Markham Duncan 864 373 4013. He has panic attacks. I had massive car wreck TUES. Used his bike to try to get to h& r. Major cardio pain.
Rejected by Ghs and Spartanburg Regional. Brought to mary black room 22. Ct of chest to find blockage. Please act fast.
Have you reached him?
You need to apologize for that insensitive remark
Yes. Precisely. The one sensible person on this feed. Let him make his fake apology and move on with his life.
You’re an insect. An utter insect.
Mike, just break out the bible... people get scared now and leave the seats... so you have 3. At least that happened to me on my way home from Switzerland. They guy was scared to death. LOL !!!! I had 3 seats the whole time
*The... boy I am glad you all understood me.. lol
Governor YOU said it right, LOL
(Sardine Can)
Apparently you don’t know what plane you were in Delta is a mainline airline. You were on a regional jet! Try losing some weight!
Mike, timing is everything when trying humor.
Your timing stinks.
Beyond distasteful. Smh.
Go to hell.
I so hear you...  It is all I can do to avoid flying these days. So uncomfortable. Smaller seats and no leg room. Just miserable.
Very distasteful Sr!  You do realize a person lost there life and you are comparing it to experiencing flying on a small jet. BTW many small communities are very happy to have jet service thx to @Delta  So sorry that we didn’t buy you your corporate jet ride today. #entitled
#this
It sounds like Delta is using his scandalous comments to evade the subject of their service. He's not the only one who has a problem with this. My slightly fat ass could use a little more space.
    aaannnddd there's that lol
Delta doesn’t have CRJ. You must have flown in a regional carrier
Delta connection. That's probably my company and that's why I just read his ass for filth... I'd be wrong if I said something like "lose weight and you wouldn't have those problems" or "don't you make enough for a private jet" but I'm bidder than that lol
Stop flying
Wow, now that’s how to show Christian compassion. But it is your life, after all. The rest of us are just here to keep you from flying first class.
Or maybe you should just move on and mind your own business until the next tweet.

Let's see. Top priorities:
1. Get troops out of the middle east. 
2. Bring back the middle class. 
3. Go out of your way to prevent Governor Huckabee from flying first class.
As an Arkansas resident I am totally appalled by your insensitivity to the loss of life by an outstanding member of humanity.  She was a mother and a wife and you make lite of their loss.   
lose some weight, you fat whiner
Hilarious!!
Jesus Christ must be really proud to have you on his team with all the compassion you have. And let's be honest, you probably didn't really actucally pay for your seat.  Grow up little man child.
Amen!!
A little insensitive after the incident this week.
That’s what he is, an insensitive buffoon.
No I really like him, but he is human and that was an insensitive thing for him to say.
Why not ask your buddy Jim to have a word with the Lord for you.......
Ever think of losing 150 pounds?
Your one to talk...
* you're*
So funny!!
For a joke that pissed of the moral majority,  it wasn't even that funny. I was hoping it would have been funnier so I could have rubbed it in all these politically correct, mob-like,  taboo-setting faces.
Are you sure you're a Christian, Mike? Asking sincerely. Where is your compassion, this tweet is cruel.
Lose some weight fat asd
Outward insensitivity is, at its root, born of laziness. It requires a modicum a self-control not to blurt out every insensitive thing we think, but those who are completely given to laziness just don't bother exercising such control. There's also a strong element of misanthropy.
Flying is uncomfortable enough sitting so close to someone you don't know. It about sends me over the edge when I feel so trapped in a seat. God forbid nobody's wearing cologne. Then it's suffocating.
That may have been  me next to you that flight. Oops. Sorry for the smell. I’ll try to put some deodorant on next time
LOL! BO is terrible too. Bad breath. 
Really? ! Who wants to be that close to another person that they don't know. It's almost like getting to first base.
I’m 96% sure you’re actually a 12 year old.
Who makes a joke about getting sucked out of a plane two days after someone was sucked out and subsequently died? Oh yeah, a guy who's son tortured a dog to death. #CarryOn #NothingToSeeHere
An asshat that tries hard to be witty and fails every time?
Nailed it!
The Governor has more Couth when he's being disrespectful than [any] Liberal has "When" they're showing respect!
your tweet is stupid.  So ya know.
UT you did admit he was being disrespectful, so there's that.
1- welcome to everyday life of ordinary Americans. 2 - I pray for you and hope that you can see how this tweet may be construed as insensitive. 3 - plz regard this as constructive criticism, there is already to much negativity, esp. on Twitter. #positivethinking
I can't fly in commercial seats! Although I don't have 1 pound of fat on my body, I cannot physically fit in those seats. I don't know how y'all put up with greedy airlines cramming you in!
I never heard about someone dying on a flight.  I’m sure he didn’t either.  One of the nicest men I have ever met, he would never use someone else’s misfortune to make a joke!!!
He just did.
Mike H. I'm a fan but this is below the line and comes too close to mocking a tragedy.
Trash! How dare you?!
What a depraved human being you are.
Tasteless comment.
Bring ur own WD-40 or Vaseline.
First off, you were on a connection flight and on a plane not even owned by @Delta. Secondly, if you’re going to call yourself a “leader” you shouldn’t make light of a human tragedy. Incredibly uncouth.
Really, Dude?!  You’re sick!!
Wow! Completely oblivious to recent tragedy. Why don’t you walk next time- you could stand to lose a few. Now I see where ur daghter’s brilliance comes from  #hitagym #cantfixstupid
What poor taste you have to joke about a dead woman. Money can't buy class.
You’re Such an ass... I’d love to see you get sucked out of a plane!
You are despicable. After what happened this week, you think it’s something to joke about. The only joke is your claim to be a Christian.
It's a Regional Jet, you idiot.  Have some class and don't make light of someone's tragic death just to garner some attention.
FFS, she hasn't even been buried yet, and you have to make a joke of her death. We all know that your fat ass won't fit through a plane window, so settle down.
Welcome to my world. The sucked the window benefit is actually a a freebie they havent  figured out how to charge us for yet.
No, but the VA there is awesome! #GoNavy
You are a disgrace for saying this Gov. Huckabee.
The same people bitching about how inappropriate this is are the same people, in many cases, dancing on the grave of Barbara Bush.
Tasteless and insensitive. A woman DIED on that flight. You’re on a CRJ - what do you expect.
I fly it for a living. Trust me when I say I'd love to send all of them to the desert. Permanently.
You should stop tweeting and his the treadmill. You act like its Delta's fault you don't fit in a seat.
@GovMikeHuckabee , you should fly @united.  They have always treated me well, and I feel that their Economy+ seats are just a wee bit better than the @Delta Comfort+ seats.  Much better loyalty program too!
Wow, what an astonishing terrible, terrible take. And completely insensitive. This says so much about you.
Stay classy, Mike.
Lose some weight. Have your lobbyists pay for a first class seat
I agree
You're so right Governor. Delta sucks over all.
Maybe if you weren’t so fat you fit in the seat better
Charter your own damn plane. #bitchbye #pos
Ouch!
A sense of humor is a mark of intelligence.
Huckabee's humor and intelligence are at the 'top of the totem pole'.
But that is not why I voted for him.
It was his morality.  
He would never, ever, get a 'B/J' in the wheelhouse.
Never.
That's all.
A woman died, you insensitive piece of garbage.
You'd think you'd be plenty comfortable considering your severe lack of balls...

You really don't need extra space.
Your lack of sensatitivity due to recent incidents is mind blowing. You’re a true “Christian”, Bless your heart.
OMG !!!! Did you just allude to Jennifer Riordan, a 43-year-old bank executive and mother of two from Albuquerque who was recently killed on a flight ?!?!? @SouthwestAir Are you HEARTLESS ?!?!? You call yourself a man of GOD ?!? I am baffled  !!! Trust, GOD will say DEPART ....
This is in poor taste. The first part maybe worth pointing out. The second, unworthy of someone of your character. Not funny. Arrogant.
Can’t afford first class eh? Because you don’t have class and you’re making fun of a tragedy that happened. Poor taste.
Such a compassionate Christian. #not
You are hilarious!!
Isn’t there something that the government can do to help make these seats more comfortable? The airlines are making the cabins so uncomfortable to maximize profit.
I love your tweets Gov.
Pretty sad timing on your commetary Mike, you are truly classless!
Governor, all those polite people who pretend you are funny and witty ought to be peed on by some of the best hookers in the world.
Always pick the exit rows Governor. More leg room and all you have to do is be willing to assist if an emergency evac is required. I’m grateful your worst problem today is discomfort,  and does not include being sucked out of a plane. Are you?  @Delta, Governor is right
After seeing this horrendous tweet, I have to ask - do you also torture dogs? #AppleDoesntFallFar #NoClass
If you’re too fat, buy 2 seats and put the armrest up. You’ve got the money from all those god-fearn’ Christians watchn’ that Sunday night churchn’ hour, right?
Additionally, would rip you making a joke about a woman dying, but it’s totally you. Not surprised at all. 

Stay true Hucklefuck !!!
You’re sick.
Once again epitomizing the word buffoon.
Mike, CRJs have replaced turboprops for regional service in many places. Cramped, yes, but better than a rattletrap prop job
Same experience in @Delta they hate customer but love customer $$$. There are much better airlines out there
This has been going on for far too long. Time to reregulate airlines. Planes and seats should be designed to fit adults instead of 15 year olds.
You should become Director of EPA...then you can screw us over in the name of luxury...umm, I mean security
You probably think you're being edgy but this is really inappropriate.

A woman died just days ago, and you find this funny Governor
#has
L
Oh oo
What l
O
lol ok
Post election, POTUS was willing to forgive/forget, leave Hillary alone and MAGA. But HRC and Dems insisted on FALSE attacks which R exposing deep Dem hate/corruption. BOOMERANG, goes around, comes around. Dems inflicted all this on themselves, didn’t have 2 B. Their Bad. 
Sir, what you have said is so incredibly insensitive it beggars description. 
What a rookie. You have been in politics long enough. Start a foundation to help kids in Haiti and then use all the cash to buy your own plane. I think the blueprint is out there.
It’s all about money. It’s a health hazard.
Hahaha
I always fly the Southwest Cattle Call. I get what I pay for and I am fine with that.

I guess we can guess where your moronic daughter @PressSec gets her lack of moral compass from. I’d tell you there is a nice place in hell for you but your other moronic friend @VP would think there really is a hell and his religious zealousness is correct. Nope Just  morons.
Lol!
Insensitive as disgusting .
This is not funny at all. A woman lost her life.
Terrible! 
@Trevornoah
You’re obese. You can’t expect Delta to keep up with you’re black hole-ish weight gain.
@GovMikeHuckabee I’ll research that chiropractor for you. I’ll try to find one who can pull that giant stick out of your ass while I’m at it.
@GovMikeHuckabee you know what really sucks? @SarahHuckabee
Sorry you can no longer see your own penis mikey, I'm sure lots of shooting guns and donuts will make you feel better about the fact that it doesn't work anymore.  Or maybe more jokes about dead people, will that make that tiny little guy tick?
#RIPjenniferriordan
Someone died. That's not cool.

Speaking from someone who overlapped their seat onto mine it is just as uncomfortable for the person beside u as people who can’t fit in their seat. I flew recently with a lady who was overweight.  Her arms covered the entire armrest and draped over 1/3 of my seat.
Yeah governor. That's why I never go anywhere.hours of discomfort for what? Get stuck in an airport for 3 days sleep on a plastic seat hard floor not even a cot for the elderly.and they think their in buisness to pay them to be unconfortable. Missersble. And hungry? come on!!#@%÷
This comment is so inappropriate.  Charter your own damn plane if you don't like the seats.  Someone lost their life and you want to make reference to it because you are too big for the seats??? Are you serious??
That's what I was thinking.  People keep complaining about the seats getting smaller when actually it's the people getting bigger. Either way he was way out of line.  He is supposed to be a leader.. Leading by example... He's disgusting.
Why they fly these and the old ass MD-80 is lousy...
I'm a fan, but that sucked out comment was wrong. Just wrong.
So Thoughtless to Make Jokes Over a Family Tragedy!
Well now, are you not just a disgusting piece of trash.
It is absolutely too soon for talking like that. #Disgusting
I grew up in Evansville and I totally understand you’re complaining about the planes
Limo
That is one of the most tasteless tweets I’ve ever seen.
I can relate.
So; can't afford 1st class.
I just spit orange juice all over my keyboard! Gov. Huckabee’s tweets are the best!
Comfortable for a normal-sized ass, Mike.
You are so disrespectful. You should be ashamed of yourself. What kind of role model could you possibly have been as a parent. Oh… Never mind-clearly the apple does not fall far from the tree.
You are disgusting!  Making fun of someone that has lost their life.
Be more successful and fly First Class!!
Golly, did your diet book forget to mean something?
Maybe Hillary can fill you in on a few clues how to score seats in private jets.  Got to know the right people and put the squeeze on 'em.
It would be nice to have regulations to avoid that don’t you think? Especially given how expensive it is to fly nowadays.
Shucks if you had been a liberal you could use the tax payers money to fly first class or even charter a jet.
You sure do complain a lot.
I will NEVER forget you making this comment.  I will never forgive your insensitivity.  You owe every passenger, crew member and family member an apology.  How could you do this?  How could you think this would be acceptable?
Thank you!!! As a crew member I am highly offended by his tweet.
Thank you for helping keep us safe @HalfhillShannon
You are so welcome!!! I love safe flights and happy passengers!!
Not to mention the closed air intake while waiting on the tarmac; a breeding ground for germs and viruses.
Oh please don’t talk about breeding and Huckabee in the same sentence.
I know of an exorcist in Indianapolis.
Normally I’d agree with you, but you’re so fat.  Way too fat.  You’re the asswipe that comes down the aisle and everyone is praying to their evangelical god that you’re not the big sweaty douche sitting next to them and spilling into their seat. I put the arm rest down!!!

Evansville, Indiana? Ditch the sardines and fly private. Great pilot with jet near Evansville.
As a flight attendant and a human, I am appalled that you would make a reference like this!  Have you NO respect for the innocent passenger that was killed recently?  I can’t believe someone in your position would be so insensitive to a fellow American.
Thank you for helping keep us safe @jojoshunk!
Yes Dr. Scott very good
I really don’t think it’s appropriate for you to joke about being sucked out of a seat.
LMAO MIKE NO
TOO SOON
This is way beyond bad taste. What is with you??
How big is your ass?
Buy your own private jet then
You are a horrible person. Now I see where Sarah gets it from. She is a horrible person, too.
There’s not a seat on any plane that could comfortably accommodate your fat ass. What a rotten creature you are.
Maybe if you left off biscuits and gravey , you might fit in the seat.
#farbutt
Delta dropped advertising on Ingraham’s show. Why fly with then?
Peckerwood, I think that was the NRA. Get your outrage right.  Get your Fix News talking points straight.  #flydelta #huckabeefat
Lay off the pound cake, fatso! 
You paid Huck.
Too soon to make a remark about being sucked out. Please think of the poor lady's family.
Given recent events on Southwest 1380, your attempt at sarcasm, or, worse, humor, are as ill-advised as you are ignorant.
But you get that cute little basket of snacks passed around in delta comfort. 

Mike. Ummm not good.
Quit whining. At least you can afford a flight. Try walking next time.
.
Sorry Mike I
#Boycottdelta
What an absolute disgrace for you to make that “joke”. Shame on you.
Too soon brother. Love you and your fam, just saying too soon. Much love and blessings your way
