Why is it a picture of you
He is v lonely dont b mean 
Elizabeth Warren land
I thought a family elder arranged your marriage, like it says in the Bible.
They don't give credit for rape.
I don't know. What were Trump University's guidelines at the time?
You know “Hate” really isn’t funny.
What a disgusting man you are
Well they have to give males something to get them to ask out man hating lib women
Ouachita Baptist?  I hardly think that would have helped you
They would be taking points away from you.
Thinking you wouldn't get any. Extra credit that is.
Because in those days many christians courted not dated
Extra credit for dating is immoral. It favors those who better fit society's preconceived notions of attractiveness. At no time in history was this a good thing.
I woulda made the Dean's list!!!
Yeah. You were such a catch.
Who would date you ???
Oiy 
Because when we went to school,  we actually were there to learn something! !!!!!!
I bet you couldn’t get a date in college.
Wow!!! I didn’t have this either in college!!
Because you went to a fake college filled with religious fanatics who thought girls were icky, weirdo.

Why do all of your tweets just have glamour shots of you? You are a self absorbed greedy fake christian.
You get more if you score?
Transgender ally
Speaking trangenderally of course
Prof offered a bounus if date put out
I would have flunked that course, too.
Ouachita Baptist is one of the lowest ranked "colleges" in the country.  It is however #1 in producing fake Christians and liars.
(Troy, in reality, Gov. Huckabee knows that Ouachita Baptist is a very good liberal arts university which produced President Obama's choice to head the National Endowment for the Arts, Dr. Jane Chu.  She still serves in that post today.)  https://www.arts.gov/news/2014/jane-chu-confirmed-chairman-national-endowment-arts …
Because you went to a small college where an AXT score of 5 was line for admittance.
Which one ya want @GovMikeHuckabee ?
WHAT
We’re u an animal husbandry major too
Lol
You're saying you would have qualified??? LOL
Nice. I might not have had the best grade but would definitely excelled in the effort part.
Is a Huckabee date one where you kill a dog and get away with it?

Or is that just your son’s go to?
Who makes her clothes? Your wife?
It would want to be a lot of extra credit to convince any woman to spend time with you, Cuckabee, you trollish gimp
This is what you are paying for parents & this is the kind of school our Fed Gov is giving GRANTS to! I call on the Fedl Gov to stop wasting our tax dollars! In fact why not just give the American Fed Tax Payers another tax cut if this is the kind of crap you spend our money on!
You got to find a way to make them pass the course when you teach alternative (false) history and dumb math down to a point where people believe 2+2=5. You don't even want to ask what they are doing to biology! #SMH
You went to college? After your last tweet about the Southwest pilot, I've been wondering if you even have  a GED and how in the world you convinced the people of Arkansas to elect you Governor.
If the 'Huck" was at my daughter's school, Texas A&M,
I would double the amount on the check!!!!!!!!!
Maybe this in lieu of the stress animals these snowflakes seem to need
That would not have helped guys like us Mike back then. Boston College Class of 1974! In our day we woulda got extra credit for staying away from the girls! LOL! @PressSec



