I wouldn't watch your lies if it was the only faux news available.  #peepeetape
Everywhere I see you on Twitter you are so mean. Why so hateful? Can't people be different from you?
Watch a man who denigrates our heroes in the @FBI, not a f**king chance.
Umm no
Mike, we watch every week. Good show son!
I avoid hypocrisy..sorry..won't be tuning in. Is trump going to heaven when ALL his living kids& abortions/women he pd off to have them become known? he will get multiple mulligans from the Bible thumpers Im sure. hypocrisy is alive and well!!  @ResistanceWOKE 
@realDonaldTrump

I was going to tweet all these things to point out your irrelevancy but I’m saving my breath.  You and your deplorable daughter will go down in history as a family of racist demagogues.  They will probably use Jim Carrey’s portrait instead of the picture. #bluewave2018 namaste 
We will be watching!!
Just Enjoy of your life sir life is to Lovely 
Looking forward to the show.

Man!!! The first part of your tweet was encouraging! We thought your were going to say you were goung away for good!. Oh well, good luck to those in your hypocrite cult!, what are u going to tell them? That Trump is really Jesus Christ?

So excited to see you're coming back to World Outreach Church, Governor!
You sir are an embarrassment.
You are a disgrace to Arkansas and the Country. How much is Trump paying you??  You will never have the fame and fortune you seek so stop selling your soul.  Is this really how you want History to remember you.
No, thanks. I don’t watch your show for the same reason I don’t masterbate with a cheese grater.
Fake Christian alert!!!
Sarah needs to do a pie segment with her mom. Need the familial comfort.
Amen your show is so awesome!!
It’s been a tough week for all patriots including @PressSec !  He is Type A and will burn out the bright star she is in short order. She needs to rest when she can. Plz make sure she takes a good vitamin 
Hey Huck. Think you need a couple days off by now. Your getting boring.
Love the show.
Sarah needs a big raise babysitting those ignorant so call reporters
Wish That Your #Huckabee Show Was On Everyday I'd Sure Tune In.
Never seen a fiasco like this before.
So your show is now a place to intentially be misnformed? At least you're not claiming to be the news I suppose. Michael Cohen is under criminal investigation now btw.
Always love to see you
I could go for some dog 
Amen Gov. Huckabee! We're looking forward to watching you on TBN this weekend, and we're looking forward to the NOV 2018 Mid-Term Elections when WE The People will start draing the DC DEM SWAMP! 
Need a colonic, but can’t get an appointment? I thought so.
Mr. Huckabee I believe that you should be boycotted and nobody should ever watch your show or your presentations again as long as you and your daughter are backing such a fool as president of the United States
I love @PressSec 
What would relieve my tension from the news?
- Trump deletes Twitter account
- Mueller indicts everyone
- Intravenous single-malt scotch
I will watch & record Mike. I’m sure it will be good.
This country needs more gun control and for the second amendment to be completely repealed!
