Are you still talking about the dinner? Worried about Sarah-poo?
No, Sandy Hook was a massacre. Pulse was a massacre. Stoneman Douglas was a massacre. Your lying, piece of shit daughter being made fun of at a roast by a comedian is not a massacre, you pig.
I see you have the same foul language as M Wolfe
your point is...?
You are unable to figure out my point?
i don't see a point worth mentioning

She was just shown to have lied to us about her knowledge of the $130,000 #StormyDaniels payment thanks to Giuliani and Trump's own contradictions -- you think she didn't deserve that roast calling her what she is?  Hypocrite.
How do you react to her being caught in another lie. Not a very Christian thing to do.
SARAH IS A GREAT LADY


Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a class act; we all LOVE her.  What was done to her was unconscionable...and egregious.  Toss these miscreants OUT of The White House, for good.  @PressSec
And dems are snowflakes. You people do go on about a 20 minute comedy routine. Here's a deal. Let's count how many times Sarah avoids a question so she doesn't have to lie, and how many times she just goes there and lies today. The show begins at 2
She’s Home Grown and ready to ROCK...

You should be extremely PROUD Mike
@priyankachopra #WalterEugeneCrosbyNov21973. @StrngerMarriage @He_SavedUs @SCI_Verdict @WGNRobin

.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
Please tell Sarah so many of us love and admire her. She is so amazing, A true example of class and strength. God bless our beautiful Sarah.
No one cares mikey. Like father like duaghter.
Ambush? There's a roast every year!

GIULIANI SAYS TRUMP REPAID COHEN $130K: The Stormy Daniels money trail just keeps changing directions — the co-hosts discuss just what Rudy Giuliana's strategy was in saying Trump reimbursed Michael…
Shows what a true lady is all about. Class, and backbone!
And LOTS of LIES! True ladies don't have to lie.
Governor, your daughter is one classy lady!
She's a lying pig.
You raised a strong and beautiful woman, Governor. We are all so proud of her for how she conducted herself that night. God Bless her.
The only way to turn #MichelleWolf  calling Sanders a liar into an attack on her looks is if she—-Looks like a liar— now it makes sense
Saturday night Massacre.  - pictured below
Perhaps you should have taught your daughter not to be a liar. A comedian called your daughter a liar because she is one.
So Trump can make fun of disabled people, but the WHCD can't bust a few jokes of your daughter's daily incessant lies? Got it.

SNOWFLAKE.
I say shut down the WHPC and let them do some honest (?) reporting back in Wyoming or Fargo N.D.
It was hilarious and you’re as big of joke as she is. Did she get her lying skills from you?
who knew so many on the 'Right' drew the line at smokey-eye jokes???
Your daughter is a bald faced liar, She does it every day and deserved what she got and more
Your daughter is amazing and strong. She is loved by many supporters.
I guess some people are okay with serial lying.
 Your daughter is Beautiful, Governor Huckabee.
A man like Mike would know about massacre seeing that his son tortured and killed someones dog and and mike used his position as Governer to cover it up.
Most of those people are Pukes Gov Mike !
Your daughter does lie her ass off every time she speaks! It’s not bullying when someone speaks the truth about another individual. Especially when it’s a government official speaking on behalf of the dumbfuck potus we have.
Here is a form you can fill out and send to someone who cares.
Sarah, you looked beautiful that night.  Wolf  is so ugly inside it comes through to the outside in a hideous way.
i just want to be clear, a comedian making what you consider bad jokes at the expense of your daughter demands your outrage, our President sleeping with another woman months after his third wife has given birth and lying about it..aok with you?
They really don't pay Sarah enough for that job.  She is excellent at her job but will get tired of the pressure.
Get a life Man.  Just because she is your daughter doesn't mean you have to support all the lies coming out of her mouth.
I bet you’re upset as your daughter is involved but take a step back.  The comedian basically acted like the current President does. Crass, mean and a bore.
Ambush attack? Turns out that @michelleisawolf was absolutely right. Your daughter is a Shameless Liar who has not regard for America. Guiliani just confirmed that she lied to the American people about Trump knowing about they payment to @StormyDaniels.
Daughter is a liar plain and simple
Obama said it right...
You have to admit, her comments were pretty much on the spot considering...
Y'all are pretty thin skinned when it comes to being the object of jokes, considering the vulgarity of trump which you are so quiet about
Sorry you got triggered, snowflake. Do you have access to a safe space?
Your reaction shows you need to find your safe space and stop being triggered by jokes. Especially since you spoke about triggered feelings just before the WHCD.  Practice what you preach, Snowflake Mike. Hashtag Winter is Coming with all the snowflakes crying about WHCD
Perhaps telling the truth might help her.
Michelle Wolf was right. Sarah Sanders is a liar.

“It’s not surprising to me at all that Mike Huckabee is defending his daughter (the liar) when he defended his son (that hanged a dog at summer camp in front of kids), Kim Davis (the homophobic adulterer) & Josh Duggar (the incestuous pedophile). This is the Christian Right”. KHY
You know “Smokey eyes” refers to makeup, right?
Thing of the past move the fuck on!!!
You're SUCH a drama queen. You want to know what was a REAL massacre? The Jonesboro school shooting. You know, the one you profited from by writing a book while you were governor, and then kept all the profits instead of sharing with the victims.
Governor,

You have to be among the proudest Dad's on the planet. Well done!
she is paid to lie, she does it well,,,
It was absolutely disgusting!   It has backfired too.  Demo-rats can’t stop revealing their true deranged beliefs.  We  Sarah!
We are so lucky to have a woman executive role model as smart, articulate and caring as Sarah. Huge respect for her in how poised she is able to handle the constant attacks by the left media and those who are threatened by a woman with independent thought
Your daughter is the epitome of all that is good, wise, and gracious!
How is the family dog, asking for a friend
Thank you @GovMikeHuckabee! You and your wife raised an amazing daughter. I am extremely proud of Sarah’s poise and class during a nasty savage verbal attack. WOW! She is my hero in DC!
Have you left your safe space yet you hypocrite??
Your daughter, I mean the first class liar and deceiver of the American People, better grow up and own her behavior. She got off easy compared to the trash she talks daily
She's a classy, beautiful person both inside and out!! I saw her on Fox & Friends earlier, and she didn't act like it bothered her to be the butt of anyone's jokes on Saturday!! She lives another day happy, while the "comedian" lives another day miserable!! That's justice!!
You raised a child in the way God expects. You have a powerful legacy, and she is a true testimony of God’s strength and love! Proverbs 22:6!
She is Very Very Beautiful and Classy.
Love @PressSec 
In the words of your Lies for Hire daughter... "Get a sense of humour".
Your daughter is a class act! Graceful and sweet, God Bless her.
Truth is @PressSec  does lie on a daily basis for #TraitorTrump. She is rude, unprofessional, & condescending. She is pouting-won't call on @Acosta . She doesn't seem to understand taxpayers pay her salary-NOT TRUMP! She really should be fired. HoweverTrump would hire even worse
Witty - Smart - Thoughtful - Loyal and Beautiful..... love Sarah 
We all love and are very proud of your daughter, @PressSec Note: Beautiful photo of Sarah in red dress.
Who cares.
Gov Huckabee YOUR daughter is Classy, Brilliant, Beautiful but it's  her inner beauty shines brighter than any star Congratulations to you and your wife for bringing up such a STAR!! WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS AND HOPE SHE RUNS FOR FIRST WOMAN PRESIDENT AFTER
Thoughts and prayers.


this just shows how you raised your daughter.
Bottom line, Sarah showed us how to maintain 'grace under pressure'. That other person, showed us low class and vulgarity. It doesn't take take talent to crudely insult people- anyone can do that.
Well said
Your daughter is gorgeous, as well as extremely intelligent.
Your daughter is a strong, articulate, smart, grace filled woman.. I hope my daughter is like her in 10 years.
Great job Gov. the Apple did not fall far from the tree. I hope her children grow up just like her. My granddaughter came home from college for dinner last night. She actually knew what happened Saturday. I said be like Sarah. She said I agree. She’s already voicing good ideas!!!
Not to worry.  Michelle Wolf is a great gift to the GOP.  Your daughter is truly loved and admired by millions, including myself and my wife!
Damn let it go snowflake she’s as nasty a person as there is on the planet. She insults people trying to do their jobs on a daily basis!
STILL WHINNING
Saturday night massacre? Over dramatic much? I think you might be a snowflake!
You insult people all day, every day. And then you whine like a baby because someone followed your own bad example.
I don’t think Sarah should allow herself to be subject to this kind of attack again.  It’s called boundaries.  It’s called self worth.  Period.
Nobody cares.


We love our brilliant @presssec !
You’ll have to get over this Guv. Find a safe space, or maybe get a sense of humor like you tell folks to do.
Hypocrite!  I've seen you say a lot worse.  

Powerful article. Thank you.
Your daughter is so beautiful (they know it) I admire her courage, strength, brains and heart.
I miss my Dad. A lot.
As a parent I would like to applaud you. You have done a great job raising a daughter like @SarahHuckabee . We all are proud of her and admire her. 
Very well said Mr Huckabee, your daughter has amazing talent & skills. If she ever runs for public office I will vote for her. You should be very proud of her Mr Huckabee.
If it wasn’t your daughter, you wouldn’t care!
We love Sarah.  She’s my hero. I love her. My friends love her. U did a spectacular job as her dad. Raising this beautiful young women. Wife and mother.
@GovMikeHuckabee Sarah is classy, smart & a fantastic role model for young women! I absolutely adore her!
I love @PressSec for her quick retorts, she's never at a loss for words!
I cannot believe I never made the Huckabee Huckabee connection or that I am admitting it on Twitter. Mike, you are a bit old school for me but I. Love. Sarah! #MAGA
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is the female Ollie North. Godly strength and class under fire...  @OliverNorthFNC
Your daughter is wonderful reflection of Christ-like character she was taught at home! Shine on, both of you. This old dark world needs light of forgiveness & true beauty now more than ever. Tell Sarah we love her!
BroGov, I’ve loved u since a friend’s mom made sure we slumber party-goers packed church clothes for Beech Street! -circa 1989-My heart flew to our @PressSec during that rancid wolf attack!but OH how BEAUTIFUL! As everyone’s looking at Sarah, it’s JESUS we see looking back!
The many, many good people of US understand the trash coming from the Dem Party. We are not following for their disgusting tactics. I am not affiliated, GOP has its own problems BUT Dems gone TOO FAR LEFT! SAD!
Get over it
Atta girl Sarah!
Grace under fire! Go Sarah
Awesome at lying
Sorry the golem you made out of your son’s many canine victims got upset
You’re a great dad!Also you have an incredibly gifted intelligent beautiful daughter.
Your daughter is the epitome of class she shows how a strong person can weather the constant bashing she takes and I’m proud that she is who she is 
She’s a sow
GFY and your smokey-lying-eyed daughter too 
Best comedy show I’ve seen in awhile.
Your beautiful, intelligent daughter should make you proud everyday!
Mike, you’re pathetic. Republicans can dish it out but not take it.
I am sorry to hear that there was a massacre. Were they ISIS terrorists or good NRA members having a weird day? How many were dead? Assault rifles?. Sorry Mr @GovMikeHuckabee I think you should talk about something more important than the ingredients of your daughters' makeup.
#LiarSaysWhat?
Give it a rest. You created that monster.
Nobody cares Mikey.
she's a class act, breath of fresh air. thankful for you sarah sanders
Lmao
"Saturday night massacre"??????
Gov. ....... act-2 coming. 
......................
(hope baby girl gets a seat on Marine One)
They’ve had a tradition of comedy roasts since the 80s. She’d have to be incredibly ignorant about politics and her job for this to be an “ambush”. So I suppose it’s plausible.
We love you Sarah
Can’t take a joke Mikey.
@realDonaldTrump LOVES ALL attention. Especially the bad / controversial kind... stays in the news a lot longer. #hesabrandnotapresident
If your daughter didn’t lie for a living, maybe you wouldn’t hear so many jokes about how dishonest she is.

#TrumpCult #LiarInChief #FoxPropaganda

Stop being such a snowflake Mike. Give it a rest.
You should be so proud of your daughter! What an amazing human being she is!
Your daughter showed so much class. She's beautiful both inside and out and amazingly talented. I really enjoy press briefings now because unlike so many press secretaries in the past she's genuine.
Oh my gosh!  she scare me
Hey when left can not stand the message they go “Low”, record unemployment, record markets, record confidence by business oh, attack the messengers. Failed    Lib Comedian just ignited the American Voter to dump the Swamp!!

Not to change the subject, but did you just see Rudy admit that @realDonaldTrump paid off the porn star on Hannity?
Beautiful
#GovMikeHuckabee Sarah showed incredible class throughout the terrible verbal assault ... not only keeping her cool, but having the "spine of steel" kept her staying strong and sitting tall.

Well said Gov Huckabee god Bless you 
Still crying over @michelleisawolf "attack" on your daughter? Well I know it's spring but "Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
Want a massage? Go to a massage parlor. SHS lies to the American people every day. She finally got called out. Michelle talked truth to power. Deal with it.
Nobody looking for a massage except maybe Hillary on excuse #73 for being a loser. As for lies, look up precise definition and state the lies you claim Sarah tells “every day”. Spewing accusations without factual basis is a characteristic of a fraud.
Huckabee stop competing with Sarah .She is no#1


Sarah for president!
Gov, you have to be so proud of your daughter! She is so awesome and is serving the American people well!
Dummy
Great article! You and your daughter are a wonderful example to those who have been in similar situations. By God's grace, we hope to be able to keep quiet and later have a measured response.

Also, reading some of the nasty comments to you, it's apparent that, in the words of Taylor Swift, haters gonna hate.
It's funny how the liberals always complain about hate speech until it's directed at a conservative. Then it's a joke. Michelle Wolfe was not funny. Her so-called jokes bombed. Just listen to the audience. Most of them weren't impressed either. Sarah did great!  Proud of her.

Yep! I guess it’s easier than having an actual platform
Your daughter handled the situation with pure grace.  A testament to a strong woman.
"He thinks abortion is murder," Wolf said. "Which, first of all, don't  knock it until you try it. And when you do try it, really knock it, you  know, you gotta get that baby out of there." Michelle Wolf's vile "humor" speaks for itself. & for her. @PressSec standing tall.
Never heard you complain all the times Trump hurled insults at people.
The Devil has his minions hard at work, but He who is in me is greater than he who is in the world. Rock on Mike! You have much to be proud of in your daughter
We love Sarah and her family. You performed a great job raising a strong woman and a true patriot.#thisis whatclasslookslike!!
Oh please.  Barf 
Spineless creatures of the Earth!
Totally first class lady!!
Nothing classy about lying 24/7
I really admire the Huckabee’s. @GovMikeHuckabee and his daughter @PressSec @SarahHuckabee are both class acts and role models. Thank you for everything you do for our great country! Keep up the good work.
You need to read a newspaper
Smokey eyes made of lies, Mike. Made of LIES! You seem to have taught her well. Cry me a f*cking river.
Does she really have a glass eye? @TomArnold
Dear Gov.Huckabee, there are so many vile people on your page that it's hard to answer all of them. Then again why answer them when they only like to see and hear ugliness. We love Sarah, and she is one classy lady, so proud of her, and you as well sir.
Isn’t it against your Christ-like religion to lie ?  How is that #preacherman ?
I want my granddaughter to grow up to be just like Sarah. 
Sarah is a strong person.  No one would be able to handle the liberal attacks with Grace like she does.  She is a Role Model.  Liberals attack her calling her a liar because they don't like the truth and are jealous of her.
Impressive that she smiles through the lies she tells. That takes practice.
@PressSec was Amazing Grace


Leave it alone, let it go.

We are so proud of her. Very strong 
Sara has more class in her pinky than  these slugs that are attacking her. Tell her thank you from us.
This is what taking the high-road looks like.
Nobody cares anymore.
I do.  No one should be treated that way.
You do know President Trump is a bully and has insulted women’s looks in tweets and on tv. So is it the same?
 Put woman in kitchen so we can get back to #MAGA
You’re a good daddy  Governor Huckabee 
Governor, you must feel so much pride to watch the daughter you raised sit in a room full of pure evil aiming all their vioe hate at her and she simply smiled remembering one of your own sermons...."Vengeance is Mine,........"

Mike, your daughter lies all the time, she kind of deserved it.
You bully all the time.
Follow me if you love #MAGA . Am a huge fan, though not a citizen. I live in Nigeria!
I don’t know why people hates her so much. She’s just lying to keep her job.
You're just jealous cuz she was way funnier than you'll ever be.
