People in this administration have repeatedly lied. The President you support has denigrated people from all walks of life.  

You got some soap for him too?
No they haven't. How has Trump denigrated people? Because he wants to enforce border control? You're a tool.
Maybe some video will help? Here’s the original #MAGAsshole with no Russian CGI:
He’s always been a lying POS
Mikey's son is a dog abuser, everything Sarah says is a lie. Great father? He's a fake Christian.
You support a president who has bragged about sexual assault.
Exactly who did he assault?  Asking for a friend?
he assaulted their feelings Judy.

it was the feelings.

I have just the meme to make you become another statistic

I dare you to buy your kids these shirts.
If you want to hold comedians to some kind of standard at what they can or can’t say maybe try doing that for the president or look in the mirror and see you are part of a problem. Also no one wants that ugly fucking shirt.
Trump and his followers SET THIS TONE a long time ago, now it's biting them in asses and they don't like it.
How so?

It's funny how they back up on their "GET OVER YOUR FEELINGS SNOWFLAKE!" rhetoric as soon as it's used against them.
That's all I plan on doing from now on. Using their own force against them. 

I learned this from watching #stephensegal movies


please watch your language ma’am my daughter follows mr huckabee
I just posted a meme those words didn’t come out of my mouth!
my grandson just set up my twitter, what is a meme?
Exactly the thing I posted!
i don’t think i like these “memes” if their dirty words
Well I’m sure there’s other ones out there but you could probably do a Google search if you like!

Christians are just better than you. They actually believe in Christ's teachings.
Was it Acts 2:34 that said "Husbands, cheat on your wives for this is acceptable in the eyes of the Lord?"

I just want to make sure I'm familiar with the portion of Scripture that encourages adultery.
Ask Bill Clinton...he can give you a great lesson on blow jobs.
Funny how Bill Clinton isn't the current president....... maybe bring up relevant points like how trump has cheated on all his ex wives and probably even his current one Melanoma
Run from the hypocrisy of you like...but it will always find you.
LOOL what hypocrisy??!?!?! Bill Clinton is irrelevant to this conversation. In case trumpettes haven't heard the news Bill and Barack ARE NO LONGER PRESIDENT. Y'all need to get better arguments instead of bringing up past presidents every time dumpf is criticized
The Clintons are far from irrelevant.  You would know that if you took your eyes off CNN.
your son tortured and murdered a dog
mike's upset because all the tide pods in the world couldn't wash the dog blood off his son's hands
So ok, none of us can handle people who are mean to animals. I will give you that. But what does this have to do with @GovMikeHuckabee , his successful daughter, and all of the good things they've done for America. We should be sad that he has a mentally ill son in his life.
he's upset that a comedian made some politically incorrect jokes, which is nothing compared to how his son is a dog murderer
I understand - I abhor people who mistreat animals with a passion. But the comedian was not hired to be funny- she was a bully hired to intentionally make others feel bad, not laugh. That's cruelty and in the professional world, its even worse. It's not right for journalism.
She was fucking funny though yeah
Only to you and your 45 followers. Bet they don't have pics either.
I'm up to 45? Lol. I like that your problem is that I'm not well known and don't have a profile picture rather than the fact that a comedian made fun of powerful people in public. It reveals your lack of character
Michelle Wolf

You are a gleaming example of everything young American women strive NOT to be.

You verbally attacked strong conservative woman @PressSec with typical low brow libtard fashion.

Keep it up LIBERALS..
We're going to keep #WINNING!
#Trump2020

#RoastMichelleWolf
Sexy outfit ;) oh and you guys arent winning  even FOX NEWS polls are starting to turn on the Chumpster and its hilarious watching you morons implode over a comedian making jokes while the orange Cheeto brings down the highest office on an HOURLY basis,
President Trump has solidified his name in the history books as greatest @POTUS of all time.

Ended Korean War
Decimated ISIS
Revitalized US Economy
Strong National Security
Jobs Jobs Jobs
Tax Cuts
Dragon Energy

We're NOT Tired Of Winning!
And this too.
so you seriously sat there and watched a 1/2 hour video of lame memes? Wow, you people are PATHETIC.
Like Sonny Red said in Donnie Brasco:  they think they helpin’, but they real hurtin’
Your daughter is something to be super proud of. She holds her own in a room full of vicious folks, daily. She is a wife and mom. Works in what is still largely a man's world. She is classy, beautiful, intelligent, and she never loses her cool. You and wife did a great job!
Specifics please?  I’ll wait while you search in vain for facts that are non existent
@jujuboston This monster is coming for your wig.
Alas, I am restricted to 280 characters. Mocking a disabled reporter is a great place to start.
people mock him because of his bomb ass tan

an eye for an eye, you say one I say one.
Ehem...
Whoa!  and that was a little over a month ago.  It’s so obvious they can dish it but can’t take it.   #patheticlosers
Technically they can’t dish it either
I stand corrected. 
Put on a dog costume so your son can shoot you.
They just can’t figure out why their party is broke and their ranks are shrinking...
Aawe lil snowflake. I thought that this was the way you MAGAts wanted it. Well you got it.
He's not being a snowflake. You don't even understand the meaning of Snowflake.  Here are some snowflakes
Yet you are the one whining. Is that a picture of you as a child? Did the mean comedian say mean things to Sarah's fragile feelings? Big ol' meany!
I'm not whining. Sarah is not whining, Gov. Huckabee is not whining, he's joking about it. A picture of me as a child? Yeah, look at my picture, only an idiot would think I am part of the Millennial's. LOL.
Haha. Looking up whining. I don't think it means what you think it means.
You can continue to keep your head in the sand, but I am wide awake and understand where Evil is, the Democratic Party. You can stay there and continue to push their evil agenda, I will be on the right side of history.
Hey #Fuckabee, you and Drumpf should both eat a jarful of the Tide pods. Please. For the sake of the country.
Remember this
I know that disgusting paid liar is your daughter and you’re proud she’s doing the bidding of an admitted pussy-grabbing sex offender traitor but what I really want to know is, was it you who broke her? Seriously? Someone clearly damaged that woman.
Sarah is a chip off the old block...bigly!!
What was vulgar, be specific
1. abortion 2. pussy 3. pussy 4. abortion 5. her voice 6. calling another women ugly and fat while she's sitting RIGHT NEXT TO HER 7.  saying a tree should fall on another WOMAN who was sitting right thee 8. abortion 9. her voice 10. pussy 11. DISSING ON SARAH SANDERS ......
I was answering a question , save YOUR fake outrage.
You're being a hypocrite. Nothing from Trumptards outrages me anymore. It's expected.
lol are you ok
It must be hard to see your beautiful daughter treated like the nasty press treat her we all appreciate and love her
Reported for recommending self harm
People’s values and beleiefs need reorientation. I want to commend and compliment you for raising your daughter so well. I watched one of the classiest, smartest, most accomplished women of our time last night. It was horrible to listen to the words-but she was brilliant
Hahahahha!!!
@michelleisawolf  is insane
rt
This was a great try at wit or sarcasm or at being funny... Actually no I'm lying this actually makes like no sense at all and I can't tell exactly what you were going for.  Side note when I lied to my mom as a child she washed my mouth out with soap but never for being funny.
Is that really the best you can do?  Your daughter lies every single day to the American people.  Never seen anything like it.
You support a president who openly bragged about sexually assaulting women and your son has tortured and killed a dog.
Can you wash the devil out with tide?

Tide will wash out the dog blood, but Huck and his son's sins will need something stronger.
Something like this may help

I’m not adding anymore exorcism memes lol. Last time we did this, I ended up freaked out 

#Twinning 
If you had fed your rotten kids tide pods, there would be one less tortured and murdered dog.
I appreciate @michelleisawolf because she says what everyone is thinking~isn’t that what got the  elected?
She certainly tells it like it is! 
Right! I thought the smart ones in the room were supposed to be against bullying??????
You know people died eating Tide Pods don't you?  Telling people to eat more tied pods because someone said something you don't like is a technically telling them to kill themselves. Which is against Twitter's T&C's.
Please know @PressSec is a gracious, intelligent, beautiful mother & wife. God bless Sarah, our President & God bless America.
Hmmm...

What is more significant a comedian making jokes or Sara sanders defending trump's vulgar and lies everyday ?
You're implying punishment is popular. Which explains why you and the others love that piss-soaked Dorito bag so much.
OMG! If comedians can make fun of Trumps hair they can certainly make fun of your daughters makeup. Why the outrage? Because  it was a woman comedian? ERA, for Pete’s sake.
Hey mr Gov. Can you please follow me
@GovMikeHuckabee @realDonaldTrump both of you need to vacate #twitter  blaming others for your mistakes and #Huckabee you were once a Pastor Well I’m a retired Pastors daughter...and he’s DISGUSTED that a #Christian could EVER pretend #Trump has ANY CHRISTIAN VALUES

at least her jokes were funnier than yours.
Oh more thing #Huckabee are you PROUD of how many times he DOESN’T #tweet about REAL HEROS instead of his #WhiteSupremacists #Nazis and all this “great people”....I know #Jesus had dinner with Matthew, a tax collector, but he also LOVED EVERYONE..#Trump is the blasphemous one
You’re just mad your hilarious tweets didn’t get you the WHCA gig.
Even my dad in a fit of rage would look at this tweet and say “you know......maybe this one doesn’t need the airtime.”
#WHCA please hire Gov Huck next year.. let's see how well that goes..
You are quite literally God's Special Idiot.

Are you actually suggesting citizens ingest poison? Have you lost your phucking mind? I thought you were a Christian? Do you criticize Trump for his bullying of Congresswomen, HRC, Fiorina, and all the other women he has viciously attacked? Or do you make excuses for him too
He called Chelsea Clinton a dog at one of these dinners
Oh how Christian of him. JFC
He has me blocked bc he’s a snowflake 
Mike, the last stand up routine you saw was your son Weekend at Bernies-ing a stray dog.
lol ex-governor, current snowflake
you are furry, you have no room to talk.
You're scrabbling too hard, sweetie. Chutes & Ladders may be more your style.
you dress up as an animal because that's what you think you are. stop
lol former state senator, current state snowflake
whatever u say I cannot take seriously as you're a furry.

 Poor babies, whine much?
Hello pot, this is kettle.
But this is cool with you right?
#FakeChristian #GOPHypocrisy
Poor huck. Not getting the attention you need?
He's just a little wound up too tight.
Please pass the soap!!
Love it!
Love Trump
Wait, I thought you hated PC stuff. Oh right, you're a hypocrite. 

Your daughter's lack of integrity is the direct result of your pharisaical approach to faith and politics. If you two can't handle jokes about it you should have raised her to value actual honesty.
It's not often I learn a new word. Thank you.

(Pharisaical.)
Glad you liked it. I love new words!
So you hold comedians to higher standards than the President....interesting
You've got a lot of nerve saying that someone is a bully after you tweet things like this.
Your bass playing sucks.
Please! Constructive criticism! You'll hurt his feelings!

Concerning your bass playing: there is a lot of room for improvement.
He’s probably thin-skinned like his daughter
I'm not sure about that! The smokey eye stuff tends to add a protective layer on the skin.
Before this blows up in my face: I was talking about her smokey eye stuff. In no way am I suggesting mr Huckabee wears smokey eye stuff.
Well actually prob on a roll
It's past midnight and I did some marijuana's. This also explains why I was inclined to reply to your first retweet, given your handle...
Haha good one!!  It’s true though - Irish ya know!
I love the way Sarah H handles the Whitehouse matters and herself during press conferences.  She dresses great and looks fantastic as the spirit of God is within her through Jesus Christ, Amen. Romans 8:9 #Jesus #Salvation #Faith #Bible #Gospel
I don't recall Jesus ever lying.
What happened, snowflake? I thought you were all about "Hey, if you're offended, don't watch my interview or read my Twitter feed."

Oh... She offended right-wing power. Now I get it. You're still crying like a four-year-old with a skinned knee. #resist

you voted for Trump and have the GALL to complain about verbal bullying? #StopCallingYourselfChristian
You mean like this

What do they wash your mouth out with for lying? Your daughter needs to be immersed in it.
You don't see this is bullying?
For Cinco de Mayo I will drink an entire jar of hot salsa and watch old Speedy Gonzales cartoons and speak Spanish all day. Happy CdMayo!
It’s not. But you’re a closet racist and it’s showing
Hey @rehrens. Your profile says you are a Democrat. Why did you like a tweet where a trumpster said that I was a racist because I called out Mike Huckabee's racist tweet?
Misread! Sorry, bro.
No problem. I thought we were on the same side so I'm glad that we are
Absolutely! Thx for calling it out.
NP Huckabee is a hypocrite because he will make mean and racist comments and then get upset if someone makes a comment against his daughter.
Of course. It’s his daughter. Duh. 
I am so thankful my daughter’s (20&28yrs) look to Sarah Sanders as a role model instead of Michelle Wolf. Sarah is an intelligent, beautiful woman that has integrity and a lot of class!
Sounds like you're gonna need these, snowflake:
Respectfully sir, the President set the tone with his campaign and has continued en force, with support from folks like you, since. You all made your beds, now you have to sleep in them. This was YOUR choice. Personally I think your daughters tough enough to take it.

Do you mean this level of vulgarity?
What’s the best remedy for a son who kills dogs? Or a daughter, who just can’t stop lying?
Sorry but your daughter lies to America daily the truth hurts maybe she should consider morals over money and resign
Are you saying we eat Tide pods to wash our own mouths out? Like we recognize that what we are saying is wrong but we can't help saying it so we punish ourselves? I'm confused! Also I've never had a Tide pod cuz they spensy and I'm broke
So you can't take a joke now? You ran for president at one time and I still laugh about it.. 
You literally tweeted this the day before you fucking hypocrite:
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Hey, comedian Mike. Is now a good time to talk about your son who murdered a dog, and the cover-up you engineered with local law enforcement? Let me know - I'll be here, sucking on Tide pods.
Where can I score some pod?

Did you really think we hadn’t noticed that your daughter stands up at the podium and lies daily? Really???
Look all she does is repeat what info is given to her, so how can she be lieing?
Too old and too tired to argue with cult members. Country over Trump! Bye bye
Your buddy #Donald needs the entire box of Tide!
Wash your soul out with soap.
Hypocrite
Have a few yourself mike,
they'll MAGA!
So much for "turn the other cheek", Mr. Bible.
Your hired daughter verbally bullies journalists "daily"! Your pal Trump, verbally attacks, bullies, rage tweets & falsely accuses folks 24X7. You verbally bully anyone you don't like. Get the picture?  Shall I contact the candy man to get meds for your untreated mental issues?
Well I mean to shift gears a bit, your daughter lies professionally, what should she use to wash her mouth?
Do you think people in their 30s are the ones eating Tide Pods?
So you’re insulting an entire generation. We’ll see how that works out for you in the elections. 
I've heard it said this morning that the White House Correspondents Dinner has held its last dinner.
As it should be.
The vulgarity and complete hate was disturbing.
When you consider this was done to raise scholarship money and they only raised $100,000 - was it really worth it?
Did you teach your daughter to lie or is it in your family DNA?
LLYING comes naturally to Democrats. They are the Devils spawn.Committing crimes comes easy to them as well


So this is on the menu in the Whitehouse?  Get the log out of your own eye before you worry about the speck of dust in others!
That log is a freshly felled sequoia, 200' tall and 15' wide, because the @GOP doesn't believe in conservation.

Since it lets them stand up straight in spite of a collective lack of moral or ethical backbone, they won't be removing it.
A Trump supporter is accusing someone else of "vulgarity"?
Hypocrisy, vulgarity, corruption, lying, cheating, and committing crimes are all favourite past-times of Democrats.Look it http://up.You  will be surprised at  the result, if you are being FAIR
Where would you suggest looking it up? 

Democrats have certainly done all of these things over the years; no political party is clean.

But Trump has taken vulgarity to a whole new level. Look it up! :)
Are  you kidding? Its all over on Youtube and other independent news channels.The Democrats have committed so many crimes against TRUMP alone, let alone in past years.
@ChipHinkleman any idea how this one slipped past quality control?
Yes. @HinklemanGroup is no longer involved. That’s how.
A fucking travesty.
I do this in solidarity.
#FireJuanWilliams
You're not funny, Mike. 

And your son killed a dog. Just because he could.
eat shit.

Tell that to the flithy president we are stuck with who puts down women all the time or did you forget the vulgar things he says and stop being all upset over your daughter. She's a big girl and one who lies. And you and your family and the people KNOW SHE LIES.  Move on already.
You're FINALLY speaking up about the lies your daughter tells the press every day? Why now, Mike?
"I did try and fuck her. She was married... I moved on her like a bitch... I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything."

-- Donald Trump
You first.
Wowie you told her! 
Is that how you scolded your son for killing those dogs?
Did it make him stop, or has he killed more since then?
Bro, really?
Have you looked at yourself and your family, Mike? Every single one of you looks like you've probably had a Tide Pod too many.
Which one tortured the dog to death? You must be so proud Mike.
@govmikehuckabee
ANYONE who supports, ANYONE who pushes the lies of the Chief of Vulgarity and Classless Behavior in the WH, NEEDS a tide pod diet.

He violates EVERY tenet of Christianity, yet you continue to kowtow.  Why is that, Shuckster?
Your daughter and her boss have made a living off of bullying people. Have you ever watched her daily lying briefing?
The apple didn't fall far from the tree.
You support a president who bragged about sexual assault and mocked a disabled reporter.
I see, so you hate bullying...
You must also hate racism...
And it seems you really care about people getting offended by these kind of things...
And you DEFINITELY don’t support vulgarity...
Still trying to figure out your position on sausage, tho....
Sarah Sanders is the poster girl for lies that would put Satan to shame.

It's hard to imagine what nightmarish household produced both Princess of Lies & boy whose fam ignores that he tortured a pet to death.  If God's eye is on the sparrow, He certainly takes note of that.
What do you think the entire MSM has done for the past 15 months? lIED THROUGH THEIR CROOKED ROTTEN TEETH, THATS WHAT!
Bot on down the road, Daisy-nik
Tide Pods aren't popular, gramps. But thanks for encouraging kids to eat poison because a 32 year old comedian pointed out your daughter is a paid liar.
Like father, like daughter.
Where was your outrage about making fun of handicapped reporter?  I could cite many examples but it would do no good
Take this to your safe space to cope with how offended you are by the slights you created.
Everyday I grow more and more disappointed that I supported you when I was younger. Quit with these bs double standards. trump has been verbally bullying people for ages.
Suck it up, snowflake.
And who the fuck refers to someone as “the young female”?
To recap: Because of jokes, you're suggesting this this comedian should kill herself. Which isn't bad for you to say. Because it's a joke? Do I have that right?
Agreed.. Sarah Sanders is true representation of what a great American woman should be.
How should we handle animal abuse, Mike?
Is that from The Alt Jesus sermon at the Porn Store?   Maybe a direct quote from the Klangelical Psalms for Liars?   What really is tough is watching you Christian heretics destroy real Jesus with your lies. That’s tough to watch.
Knowing that your son literally tortured puppies and watching your daughter lie to the American people daily, I now understand why you will never receive the "Parent of the Year" award.

Interesting, gov'nah.   Is your head buried three feet in the sand?  Your 'Lord' constantly bashes, attempts to intimidate, and bullies people.  (Oh, and the lies.  The lies.)
What was it again - a pony, popsicle and play dough for a triggered Huckabee? 
 give me a fucking break.
Plus it’s FUNNY how every time Trump OFFENDS with his unghinched mouth your daughter covers saying many times HE WAS KIDDING..but when is someone offending any of the CULT then it becomes OFFENSIVE and filthy
People can be mean.  Just like Trump.  He says awful things about people and  people STILL support him.  How about you make the standard bar higher on Trump and then maybe everyone else will raise their standard bar higher.  Start with yourself.
Dude...That memes been dead for awhile. Time to play catch up...
please please eat a few tide pods for me
This is such a dad move. I’m not talking about your defense of your daughter. I get that. But to be so out of date with the times not to realize that everyone has moved on from tide pods while you’re still stuck on them. Get with the times pops!!!
Eating Tide Pods is not popular. Matter of fact more than 99.9% of the population will never do that. You know what is popular? People who want Healthcare insurance that is affordable.
Well, that explains why your daughter is such a mean, miserable bully. Thanks for shedding some light on that, Suckabee.
Says the father of the most dishonest press secretary EVER!!
Oh but spewing bigoted hate and pretending they're christian values is all good. 
Yet you are okay with your daughter lying constantly to the American people. Making excuses for a POTUS who viciously attacks any one including women that oppose him. And then you are telling citizens to eat tide pods, how phucking Christian of you. How should Trump be treated
I would say get a sense of humor, but you should work on a soul and compassion first.
The guy who was proud of being "non PC" and "sticking it to the liberals" by talking "as it is" now can't take what he dished out. YOU ARE AN UGLY TWINKLED ROTTEN SNOWFLAKE MR. HUCKABEE.
U poor guys have no sense of humor...and that was not bullying...it was intelligent funny comedy...go after the real bullies instead...
Gov., were you speaking of your daughter who daily bullies the press or Michelle Wolf?  I must be low on my tide pod eating, I am confused...
omg
Soap can't wash away dog murder. Glass houses, Huck.
@GovMikeHuckabee I don't expect you to answer me; you're clearly not the type to answer to anything but...
why was Michelle Wolf so offensive but the derogatory names Trump comes up with for fellow politicians are ok?
The child you raised lies for a living and was called out on it.  That's it.  That's all that happened.  And lies are far more vulgar than coarse language.
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
That awesome human you are lucky enough to call daughter shined like a beacon of American spirit.  In grace she accepted “free speech “ at its most base and gave testament to all that have died for the right!
Huh.  That's very interesting.  Seems like you need a pony, popsicle and PlayDough Mike.
Your daughter is loved by so many Mr Huckabee, she is beautiful in and out, she is one tough cookie! So happy she represents our President!
Poor baby. Did you get a popsicle and a pony to soothe your hurt fee-fees?
Maybe you should hold Trump to the same standard. He’s a thuggish bully who demeans women, disabled, and anyone else he doesn’t like.
Show us on the doll where the mean lady hurt you.
That level of vulgarity fits perfectly the low level of character found in @PressSec. Anyone who defends and lies for @realDonaldTrump deserves the words spoken by Michelle Wolf.
But it’s okay for @realDonaldTrump to bully anyone? The #POTUS sets a poor example & their silence makes the #GOPComplicit. #Vote #VoteThemOut #TheResistance
Do you consider giving tax breaks to the already wealthy while people in poverty live under constant financial stress to be bullying? Since you are a pastor, how does that fit in with what Jesus asked the Rich Young Ruler to do?
So a comedian roasting a WH employee during an act = Not OK

But Potus making fun of people with disabilities while campaigning, namecalling people in his own cabinate & other Govt officials, and publicly shaming minorities = Best Prez Ever

Your Defense of him = Hypocracy
I absolutely agree with you sir.
Mike, your president is pushing an agenda that involves taking away funding and rights from teachers, making them strike. Lack of education = kids being dumb enough to eat Tide pods.

Thanks Trump.

Is this what MAGA really means?
And deportation to a shi88ole country!
Kaboom Mike. 
Mike, I was raised Old School, and if anyone got in my face with that sort of vulgar language, I'd knock their teeth out. I didn't DARE talk like that to my parents, either! That wasn't tolerated when I was growing up.
I have a tide pod popsicle with your name all over it!
“And let us not grow weary while doing GOOD, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart.”-Galatians 6:9 #QANON #GreatAwakening #KAG #TrustReceiveUniteMyPeople #TRUMP2020 #JesusLovesYou #GodBlessAmerica  
Amen! #DumpTheDinner ! Where were the scholarship winners? Didn’t even announce their names! #POTUS honored them at #WhiteHouse. Yet #CNN honors filth & vulgarity in the guise of honoring 1st amendment! #FoundingFathers turning in their graves.
@GovMikeHuckabee is a hypocritical snowflake, who needs a pony, Popsicle, and Playdough.

"I did try and fuck her. She was married... I moved on her like a bitch... I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything."

-- Donald Trump
Because trump never verbally bullied anyone!
Sounds like you're triggered and need a pony, popsicle and Playdough to cope.
Love your tweets, keep them coming!
Gawd, is there any misogynist dog whistle louder than using female as a noun?
Yeah says the father of a dog killer.
STFU mike suckabee..your lying ass daughter took this job n whatever criticism comes with it..suck it the fuck up you whiny deplorable morons..stick the Tide pods up your ass..have a good night 
BREAKING: "Man of God" Asks People to Poison Themselves ... Ohhh, the irony
Relax, it's not like she tortured a dog to death.
Do you ever listen to @realDonaldTrump? Now that's what I call vulgarity! Please send him some Tide pods you sad HYPOCRITE!
Mike, I'm sorry to tell you but Tide Pods is so December.
@GovHuckleberry you do know that Tide Pods kill right?  I’d say this is just a tad worse than ur daughter not liking some jokes about her - which, of course, she had to ...
Good one!
You can’t bully the people who hold all the power.
Maybe your daughter's mouth should be washed out with soap for all the LIES she has told. 

And trump, you are beyond help.
Your hypocrisy is oozing. If telling your daughter that her Smokey eye is perfect and you equate that to bullying, you really are a fragile snowflake.
suck my shit dude
What you DON’T understand could fill da oceans.

All due respect...

Due being the operative word there.
Don't sweat it Gov, Your daughter is a brilliant class act. That drunken piece of trash they hired to slam her couldn't get a gig on Dancing with the Stars. I remember when comedy was funny.
it's about truth.   It was the proper venue.  What do you not "get" about it?
Your daughter is a CHRONIC LIAR!  I guess she didn't receive very good parenting.  Wash her mouth out with soap!
I remember someone playing Eye of the Tiger while celebrating Kim breaking the law of the country.
Try a shot of Snuggle
I wish you're daughter had walked out. No human should sit for such disrespect. That wasn't comedy, that was sexual harassment.
