maybe because you are delusionally paranoid, or you are trying to post hate speech and claim it is conservative.
you whackos are anything but conservative.
Not sure how this is hate speech.
Anything coming out of the mouth by a conservative they consider hate speech. They are tolerant like that
Can you repeat that in English? I don't speak Russian.
You guys suck that’s why
Mark Zuckerberg lied on the floor of the US Congress. Now he will never become a Real Boy. Disgrace. 
#Zuckerberg #NotARealBoy #MarkZuckerberg
Facebook picked my ex to be friends with my husband! #DeleteFacebook

They ARE censoring Conservative views. Libtards have no way of knowing that, because their views are not censored.

I left FB years ago because of the censoring.
Guess hate speech, etc. is any speech which goes against the liberal agenda.
Instead of guessing, here’s a definition: Speech, gesture or conduct, writing, or display that incites violence or prejudicial action against a protected group or individual on the basis of their membership of the group, or because it disparages or intimidates a protected group.
Sounds like you are describing Antifa and Black lives matter....
TIL fascists and murderous cops are protected classes.
Put #Zuckerberg  feet to the #fire @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
They won’t put his feet to the fire, he has paid them off in advance. I believe 15K went to pelosi.
How about why Zuck and his officers sold a bunch of stock before the scandal ????
Yes, his latest disposal of shares was impeccably timed, wasn't it?
@MarthaStewart went to prison for that very thing. Zuckerface will walk unscathed
I get tougher questions at a McDonald's drive through.
#Zuckerberg should have brought his mit for all the softballs they're throwing at him.
Because y'all are racist and share fake news like wildfire, hope that helps mr comedian man. Go back to bed.
Sounds like a snowflake complaining again
TrumpHoles are not just incredibly stupid. They are also some of the ugliest people I have ever had the displeasure to observe. Gov Huckabee is a prime example of both the stupidity & the ugliness. Two peas in a pod, he & his daughter. Hope they’ll be happy together in the fire.
Silly questions unlike the Pompeo question about gay sex. Appalling!!
What a joke it is. He is a lying little worm....
Twitter too

Here's my theory- FB and other social media CEO's are actively working with Obama to funnel private info from their users into Obama's secret database. This info will be used at a later date to round up people and lock them up.
That was so well put!!!! ThankYOUS
He'd be a Forever Green.
I shut my FB acct down after 10 yrs... downloaded all my pics and videos and POOF! I’m gone. Can I get a LIKE? Lol
Did that same!
I’m sure you need someone to pick your friends. Probably not many  volunteers
He paid them off in advance (advice from hiLIARy).  We no longer have an FBI or DOJ or CIA. If we did, that evil b*tch would be in prison and so would Zuckerface!  #MAGA
Today my Twitter was full of ads. It reminded me of what happened to my FB account before I deactivated it. I was not happy FB owns Instagram which I still have as an app for photos.
I HARDLY GET ON FACEBOOK. OVER 10 YEARS AGO IT WAS SO NICE. FAMILY AND FRIENDS .MANY OF MY FRIENDS DON'T HAVE FACEBOOK.
I used FB for photos of friends and family/sports ten years ago.Then my kids quit using! They said too much (public) information.Then it became so political and full of ads I deactivated. I miss photos and wish FB didn't own Instagram.
Why isn't he under oath?
Apparently He Can't Be Trusted To Tell Truths & (Whole Truths) Thus The Oath Is Deemed Unnecessary As To Avoid Demeaning The Essence Of Swearing Adherence To The Oath & Thus Excusing/Dismissing His Testimony In Case It Leads To >Intel Of Dems Radically Subversive *Spying~&~Lying!
We are sick and tired of the bias against conservatives and the ridiculousness of the Democrats. Childish BS over and over again.
Hahahaha... Right on !
Just delete Facebook it’s really not that hard, I’ve been free for a year and counting....don’t miss it at all
How exactly can I delete it? It’s so complicated
Trust me it is and I believe up until this year or last year all you could do was deactivate it.  I suggest deleting all photos and then deleting
Dear Mike, We already know the truth. I have been in FB jail for my posts. I have lost followers in the great sweep. What can I do? Not use social media? I maybe censored but it does not change my thinking.
This is all theater.  Zuck has bought off at least half of the politicians already.  All of the Communist Democrats.  He’s not even under oath.
He may not have been under oath, but a million eyes were on him and boy, did he fail.  What an over-the-top failure he is as a human being.
Facebook filtered my page “Conshohocken Weasel Washers 4 Trump” this is anti-conservative and anti-weasel bias at its worst keep up the good fight Governor!

You get your enemies when God gives You the Grace... I Hate Putin...
Great tweet http://Gov.So  true.God Bless you.
Vladimir? His time is short...
Facebook is not censoring idiot conservatives, you guys just loooove being victims... war on Christmas, war on Facebook, war on our statues, war on being in shape and eating healthy.... yawn!
While you’re dreaming of tinfoil-hat conspiracies about persecuted conservatives (ironically, to gain more social media followers so you can make more money on books and media appearances), Congress IS asking relevant, challenging questions. Stop making up controversies, Guv.
Questions like that have to be asked by people that are not receiving campaign contributions from Facebook.
Yay Governor!!!
He gets it ^
Here’s a mystery .Why do many Jewish people like Zuck, love Israel haters like Obama and hate Israel supporters like Trump. Trump recognizes Jerusalem as Israel’s Capital. OBAMA wants to bury Israel.Trump’s family is half Jewish, Obama hates Israelis, tried to rig their elections
Swamp creatures interviewing pne of their own, what did you expect?

#QAnon
#FakeNews
#InternetBillOfRights
@realDonaldTrump
@POTUS
#MarkBoosterSeatZuckerberg
I believe Zuckerberg endured like a super grueling interrogation by the committee. Not. Considering that the majority of the committee members have accepted funds from Facebook, this charade was a waste of time that won't change anything. Just another liberal above the law.
Using fowl language only indicates your ignorance what have ever done?
Hey, Gov. Huck, Zuck paid huge sums of campaign contributions for those questions!!
I'm a FB junkie, been on since 2010, I have to say I'm not surprised. Our info has been circulated for years, even before FB. I didn't know political info was being manipulated. I see tons of conservative stuff every day and not much dems so Idk what's up
Conservatives. Please boycott Facebook and all social media. The rest of the world will miss you but will do on. (Seriously please boycott and stop using)
Facebook is not trying to silence conservative speech. They cater feeds to exactly what you want to see. And adverts they think you want to see. Not political. Money motivated by each users taste. Do you actually think people want to see opinions that differ from their own?
What in the world do we pay these idiots for? And they just voted themselves a raise?!  Unbelievable!!
But he did say, "I'M SORRY"
Dogs guarding the meat 
pfftt! Dn't hold your breath.

Do you take one scoop, or two?

Facebook I'll be shut down they don't post nothing worth of fuck anyway
Lock Zuck Up
I just am appalled at the thought of government regulating it. Just like everything else they get their paws on...
Tuff or Puff?
That’s because Jeff and Facebook have lined their pockets!! JOKE!
Ted had good questions
#FucktheZuck
Mike, this is just another dog and pony show, brought to you by congressional rats.
Congress needs to enact age restrictions on social media accounts & a fee to keep kids from falsely joining. Its disgusting that our youth are trolled by predators, inflicted with adult content, tracked by criminals stealing their identities. Social media is infecting our youth
And “Do You Like Puppies?” Don’t forget the question from Kamala Harris.
Zuckerberg:  I dont know, I dont know.. my committe will follw up....
@HouseDemocrats are no better than their Senate counterparts - don't want @facebook to reveal how much data they gave to the @DNC 

@WhiteHouse @HouseGOP
I keep telling FB I DO NOT want “friends suggestions “ but they won’t stop. I’ll pick my own friends
You are so right Gov!!! What a joke!! The only one with credible questions was @SenTedCruz a great opportunity was lost bkz of idiotic lawmakers!!
I thought @SteveScalise was great. Such a distinguished man. Gets his point across with class. I kind of liked Castor (just 'yes" or "no" please, no convoluted answers needed) and of course Butterfield had everyone scratching their heads when he introduced "diversity" into it.
The morons run the country

This whole hearing with MZ is a farce.
Well said Mr. Governor.
Hold on the questions they asking him is retarded. The questions they should be asking is 
1. What are u doing to make Facebook safer and secure.
2 will Facebook shit down.
3 what's the next move for the company and progress in it and buisness

 I'm just saying
They should be asking him why he was attempting to obtain medical files of US citizens from major medical centers & hospitals w/out patients permission. He doesn’t even deny it.
Expecting fair treatment on social media is a bit like expecting to break even at the casino. A nice but unrealistic goal.
this country's law. If we let this happen we might as well bow down to Putin. The Democrats are becoming like the Russians and we are letting them do it. Mueller allows criminals to go free and he hunts and scrapes for evidence that has nothing to do so with...
the government. The Constitution is not being followed because of the FBI's (KGB's) illegal actions. I am an American not a Russian. Mueller must be knocked off of his high horse before we set precedence that cannot be changed.
They pick friends for us because too many liberals cry to them no one likes them so they make everyone be friends with them.
Sounds like Hillary's questions!
Ha!
Are you serious? I didn’t watch it today.
not quite as comfy as that, but pretty close!
Zuck couldn’t answer simple yes or no questions yesterday. I had to stop watching because he irritated me so badly!
The stumbling and bumbling over conservative restrictions made me gag!
Yep! Me too!
, what a clown show.
Mark isn't facebook amazing?
How dare you! That robot MZ doesn't like Vanilla. Obviously this is more his style:
Most of the politicians have had contributions from FB. Check Open Secrets to see. Nothing but grandstanding.
Softball questions, reminds me of Pres. Obama questions!
TWITTER picked a friend for me. My husband old boss and my brother in law. I have never mentioned them or talked to them on Twitter. Obviously they came from my phonebook which is synced with my husbands.
Piss on Sparky Suckerberg.  Congress spent two days giving handjobs.
#Berg has the #Ignoramuses in #Congress by the b's....except for #CRUZ as always, #TC is on it...don't mess with #Texas...
why didn't anyone ask him why he had a secret team asking hospitals to share information?  isn't that a path leading to a gun grab?
Excellent question Pat.  HIPAA violence comes to mind first, but some hospitals put your data in the cloud and it isn't secure anyway.  Zuckerberg  knows that, he's testing the waters.
It's like Facebook is the Twilight Zone.  Unless you think and express only approved "positive" messages, Zuck will wish you into the cornfield.
I'll pick my own frieds, thank you sir!
With all Zuck has on each of those questioning him, it's no surprise the softballs they are tossing him.
That is the crap that serves as U. S. Senators these days.
How about people use common sense and quick putting their info Out? #notzuckerburgsfault
I don’t take their friend suggestions (fb) only people I personally know.
Difficult to ask hard questions, when Zuckerberg gave large somes of money you your campaign.
So you’re saying, you want the government to tell people what they can and can’t do with their businesses? Mike Huckabee champion of big government. Hahahaha
#DeleteFacebook
Their checks from Facebook may stop if they ask hard question. #DrainTheSwamp
We know why. It’s just a show. Deep state protecting this scumbag.
2 days NOT under oath.
2 days on the taxpayers dime.
2 days Congress doesn't have to do real work.
2 days, does anyone really think the 1 A of the constitution will be protected?
2 days of BS
God Bless you Governor Huckabee for your humorous spirit that lifts me up each and every day I read your tweets. God certainly gave you “two scoops” of blessings 
AND, he's sitting on a kid's booster seat!
And liberals can call conservatives anything they want, but when conservatives fight back... Bam you are making the "community" feel unsafe.  I don't know how that works, but it seems to work pretty well for Mr. Zuckerberg
Ridiculous these Sessions are all smoke screens they amount to nothing
And Twitter does it too
He is very confident because he the friend of Congress
All these libtard losers and crybabies news propaganda, Hollywood hypocrites can kiss my gun owning, Trump supporting veteran ass

I am a survivor of satanic ritual abuse from the UK. Right now I'm living in Texas with a daily fear of returning back to England where I will be killed by those who once tortured me.…
Signed it. 
Don’t forget to verify email so your signature helps Becki.
You aren’t a conservative, neither are the one’s blocked.
"Fruit of the Loom"
Utter gibberish and nonsense from a clown. Just like his delusional and lying daughter! Perhaps you should actually watch the hearing
Demand to know the process used to determine @DiamondandSilk are "bad for the community" and why no appeal?
Your right too!
Has anyone told you that you are hilarious!  Well, I think so.  Luv ya!
I’ll start producing me some fruit as that was the fruit so I can have them on my underwear to
Remember some of the panel own FaceBook shares e.g. Kennedy
Do you just made me forget my chain of thought I’m getting quite sick of that do you understand iPhone Siri because all fire ever one of you to get more
Yeah let’s try this again
Siri search trying to make me drugs sounding when I speak and I’m getting quite sick of this do you wanna lose your job
My favorite: What is most enchanting about being you?
Lol right
Saw @RealTidCruz ask that “elephant in the room question yesterday”
You forgot to ask “what’s your favorite color “.
It’s always fun to hear the government tell a private company it has to hire more Blacks. They hire  the best candidates for the job skin color doesn’t matter. @dnc always the race card! @SenBooker @GKButterfield
If Trump hadn't won the election, none of these "retroactive" incidents would have "occurred"; think about that for a minute!!
Buck of ding a lings Mr. Huckabee
It’s not a hearing... it’s the usual BS. Sickening to watch.
What a waste of time.
I demand to know why u haven’t been picked up by a dog catcher.
These are supposed to be intelligent elected officials asking these questions? This hearing is all blow & no show.
They have been using my account and sending out friend requests for me! I can't stop it either!
Yeah......I agree.  But we haven't heard the last of this.  He is going down if the people have anything to say about it.
You are so correct. @KamalaHarris caught him in a blatant lie and then helped him wiggle out of it. Disgusting.
Gov. Sir, You know why, each and everyone of those  { people ? } on that panel are bough & paid for. and that all I am willing to say in public...
#FedUp.
Exactly!!!
Ask him what kind of booster seat he buys. Or is that an ejection seat so if he is asked a question he doesn't like he can say "I'm out of here. Not under oath anyway". FLY FLY away. @POTUS
I think we should start a hashtag #DemandFreeInternet and use it everywhere until it's trending, and NEVER let up!
#ZuckerbergHearing .@facebook 

I wish they would ask about this...
What do you expect from a group of old, white men who can’t figure out how to set up their wifi networks.
He's so much smarter on subject questions then they are, it's Not a challenge but a chess game for him! He'll ' Mate' every time!!!
are they trying to guess his PIN or sth
I want to know if the Facebook king has two scoops or three 
Conservatives yesterday: Businesses like this Christian Baker have the right to not serve the LGBT community.

Conservatives today: Businesses like Facebook have no right to censor conservative voices.
Almost as big of a smile that @Foxnews and @cnn idiots have on while talking about bombing Syria and starting WWIII, huh?
“Can you describe all the ways diversity is our strength, Mr. Zuck?”
Seriously boring questioning I would rather watch grass grow! Let’s get some answers not talking points! Why Mr. Zuckerberg is your business shutting out the conservative voice ? Answer the question !!!
Open spots open for Today...
So many conservatives have been in FB jail or had their posts removed, it is not funny.  FB is not the platform for free expression that Zuck describes.  He should have equal representation in his monitoring/censoring group.
Zuckerberg is a traitor to our country and should be prosecuted for his part in the whole facebook/Russia incident that was perpetrated by the liberals not @realDonaldTrump !
Mr. Huckabee, you always make me laugh and your comments are always spot on!  Total waste of time and money throwing soft ball questions to Suckerberg Soy Boy who came in with no data, stats or facts.  Why?  Money talks...bs walks.  #DeleteFacebook
Probably because of loonies like yo
Rep. Castor from Florida asked him about $FB buying medical data. Isn't this a HIPAA violation?
It known as the swamp with both Democrats and Republicans belonging. They even asks him what hotel he stayed at last night. Oh cares. The whole thing is a waste of tax payer money. Lets talk about important things like stop funding for Plan Parenthood and Sanctuary Cities real cr
The reps from Florida and W. Virginia did ask some tough questions today. The featured post on $FB buying oxycontin was interesting.
I believe I understood Zuckerberg saying @facebook doesn’t collect data but Only advertises where and when companies want and the companies are responsible for what data is collected.  I bet FB provides training on how data can be collected.  Not sure though.
It is an easy Matrix Govenor
Too much private info that Facebook collects it needs regulations to limit that and guarantees it is deleted when person wants it
It’s close to their feeding time then nappy time
Are your t-shirts fruit of the loom 
You can pick your friends you can pick your nose BUT you can’t pick your friends nose.
FB BoD needs more African-Americans, might I suggest Charles Payne, Stacy Dash, Harris Faulkner?
You can't be serious!!! They asked those questions??
BUT !..........................Chocolate chips for all
You and your daughter make me cringe at the thought of your being part of a democracy!!
Hahaha!
They r all paid off a waste of time Zucks eyes look like Adam SCHIFFTY eyes lol sorry couldn't help but notice! A complete waste of time!
Jinx! A total waste of time! 
Bunch of swamp rats kissing ass.
As usual a total waste of time
Tip toe.  Tip toe.  Tip toe.
You go Gov!
@SenTedCruz is on it, YAY!!!
Sick questions ask why you block certain groups over others
Who authorized FB to police free speech? Who authorized FB to use AI to profile & censor free speech? What education does Zuckerberg have that makes him an authority on hate speech? How does FB let apps & ppl use our data?
Your right! I wanna be like Mike....
Who’s questioning the Government for invading our privacy every day !
How about what they allowed Obama’s team to do because “we’re on your side”.
What's the point of him testifying without being put under oath? Yes they have been targeting conservatives on fb and google, you tube and twitter.....that has already been proven.
rediculous dog and pony show!  These people don’t even understand their own questions (that were written for them)!  Agree 100% with your tweet
Lack of candor 
Rookie mistake
It’s been sickening!
Will we ever see what FB comes back with in writing later?  Seems like Zuckerberg keeps promising to get back to them with information.  It is fun to watch just how little these congressmen and women know about IT matters of any kind.  Wonder how many used the Awans service.
He looked a little surprised Rep. Eshoo came at him like she did.
Little tougher today. Thankfully
