Trump and his supporters can't even spell simple words.
Hillary supporters can't even think for themselves. #thinkingtrumpsspelling
Well...they do and say what George Soros tells them, does that count? I mean it's almost like they are thinking for themselves.
You're pretty ignorant. I guarantee you that more Hillary supporters read books than Trump supporters. And I'm not talking about pop-up books.
Your a regular Einstein. Brilliant just brilliant. You really got me there bucko...wow.
I know you're trying to insult me but I feel like you're just phoning it in at this point.
Getalife
Ha ha ha
The article cites no sources and is factually incorrect Kansas has one of the highest net migration out for years Florida Arizona Nevada and S Carolina are retirement states so dahhh
Is she still running?
Hillary! DRINK!
A fact check would not include the Washington Times. How about you stop contributing to the partisan divide

How about a repeat performance

Show me that exact quote. I don't seem to remember that. Oh...wait...that's because you just made it up.
Here’s what hillary said about her Dem base, and remember she’s a Dem too
Actually Hillary spoke the truth, she called rump supporters A basket of deplorables.
They cry about that, but actually what she said was that there were deplorable people in Trumps basket. They're not all bad people, but some of them are very bad news.
All people love the No Guns and all peoples love the LGBT ! that effect voted on the 2016 Election?

Funny how the blue states have better everything!
You should fact check this article...if you weed out retirement states, the states with biggest migration gains are Oregon, Washington, Colorado, DC, Idaho and Utah...Idaho really does not count as stating from such a low number
Hillary said a lot of things not worth remembering, in fact all of it.
Mike you forgot about the submissive stupid women at home and work who only voted the way their men made them vote.
Remember when your son murdered a puppy?
HRC white republican married women vote for themselves we are not told what to do
Drunk
Mike - different subject but I’m not good at Twitter - you raised a good kid!!!
Which kid? The one that hung a dog and killed it or the one that goes on tv and lies to us every day?
Yeah, Hillary gets her support from #sanctuaryshitties
@HillaryClinton gets funding from Russia China Syria ,most Americans believe she’s a communist traitor, #WeThePeople know she has committed #Treason along with the whole @BarackObama administration , #WeThePeople also know #Elites don’t serve prison time like us common folk #MAGA
You seem to care a great deal about God. So why are you bearing false witness?
Hillary dillary dock. And her deplorables. We knew that all along Mike, but het brain-dead God damn liberals didn't
What I don’t understand is why anybody would listen to anything Hitlery has to say. She should be in prison for treason and so many other crimes!
I don't remember Hillary saying that but I know this is one yours, one of the ones you just mentioned. I guess you could say he's not sophisticated, maybe even not educated but for real, he's a hillbilly. #Fact  #Fact  #Fact  #Fact  #Fact  #GrossOldManHuckabee
Aren't those PlayStation guitars?
Hey, Guv - can you point us to the QUOTE or admit you are lying and she never said that?

Bearing false witness is a sin - you've heard that, right?
Thank you Jay. He IS lying. Yup, Minister Huckabee makes things up. His daughter is well-practiced at lying too.
Maybe not a literal quote... but certainly her intent. Remember when trump said half of Hillary’s supporters  were “deplorables”? Start there chump.
When you have to start ascribing intent to the people you want to slam to carry your point, you're not winning,
Denyball tou want.  It’s what her message has and still is.  Have you been paying attention to her latest assessments.  You can’t try but this is indefensible. She’s an arrogant drunk.  Nice hero.
You seem to be the drunk one. No one is moving the goalposts, except for you. I suspect you have been "paying attention to her latest assessments" on Fox News. Also, who's talking about a "hero"? I only pointed out that Huckabee was not telling the truth. Get a life.
She sold out America to China and Russia along with Bill. And OBama sold out to Iran, and Russia, and China. They are traitors!”
We can't sit back we need to make a statement in mid terms we r here to  keep America  ,AMERICA !!!
A conservative newspaper is what mike reads. Probably loves infowars also. Deplorable people in America are backwards.
Another bid for right wing looney poster boy, Mike.  Sorry, your brand of politics is history. The new generation is going to relegate your memory to the ranks of do nothings and McCarthyists.Sad!
She was right-they are.
It’s not hillbillies, it’s greedy rich people who want the whole pie for themselves. Dah!
Old white men like you and old white women like your daughter are those with white matter loss.
You mean states like Kansas, so broke they can't keep schools open?
Generally, "dynamic" is used to mean "getting better", not "continually sliding into the shitter".
Yes... dynamically trying to not be red states anymore because of people like you and that wanker who paid off that sex worker.
You've raised a top notch liar, "governor."  Congrats!
Sanders says a citizenship question has "been included in every census since 1965"

Facts:…
Never happened.  Gosh, the liars in politics who call themselves Christians....
LOL- Well actually Sir- Trump States use most of the Welfare. Facts Matter- https://www.hungerfreeamerica.org/blog/trump-voting-states-most-utilize-snap-food-stamps …
Hey Sir, why does your daughter constantly lie? Seems it happens every time she opens her mouth.
Put her in jail!!!!
Lying sack of crap
Is this a joke?

The grody dregs of the cosmopolitan biased, corporate mainstream media have seen fit to adhere to the philosophy and ideology of the extremists of the liberal leftist establishment and those who are bootlicking followers.For an objective view: https://misblitz1.wordpress.com/2018/03/27/from-bubba-to-stormy/ …
If that's true why not give full tax credits to blue states that red states live off of? Its a fact that red states take out much more than they contribute. Your living in a dream state.
You left out phoney bible thumpers like you.
U Agree with some one who once said, "Oh, I Love the uneducated!" His words NOT mine. He said this when the polls came out that the majority of uneducated white people wld vote for him.That says ALOT! LOL.... YES THIS IS TRUE IT WAS ON LIVE TV. LOL.....
Sounds nice, except the people moving are bringing their dumb policies that wrecked their states with them.
Never happened. You're delusional. Relying on a right-wing rag to support your false statements just proves how delusional you are. She did, however, say 1/2 his supporters are deplorable. Only thing wrong with that is it's more like 99%. Y'all keep proving that every single day.
It's ppl like u with your holier than thou attitude towards ppl you don't agree with You're a supposed Christian! Bashing another human being u don't agree with and act like it's ok to do so! Disrespecting others the way YOU SO CALLED "Conservative" Republicans do is pitiful!
I don't claim to be conservative or A Dem. I just vote for the best person to take care of AMERICANS like me, @realDonaldTrump is not he! He is a Disgraceful human!And u ppl see past his childish degrading comments about others. He's not some1 who is saved by the grace of GOD.
You're right. And Hillary sure comes off sounding like an elite pushing a negative stereotype.
Fact check back at you, Fake News. Hillary never said that about her voters.
Well that sounds about right to me ! she’s right again!!
What is a Clinton State or a Trump State? That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard and basically means that all these “statistics” will change in November.
Mike Huckabee is so dumb I’d be surprised if he wasn’t related to that Sarah Sanders lady who’s always lying for Trump.
It’s a fact, the more education you receive, the more likely you are to be a Democrat or Independent.  You know the rest of the equation
Most Democrat led cities and states are in financial crisis and are all about high taxes.
You are so pathetic
I read the article and don’t see any support for your tweet in it.
Can you refresh my memory...when did she say that again?
I don't remember her saying that, but I remember it being true.
Pleae provide an article or video clip proving that Hillary said that.
@kurteichenwald Ohhhhhhhh, an op-ed piece by the Laffer Curve, supply-side, trickle down economics genius.  Got it.
Silly man! Forbes Magazine is where you can find real info! No need to list the most educated - they're all blue. Here's the red states occupying the bottom of the scale:
Yes, like these obviously sophisticated Hitler, I mean Trump, supporters.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic1yRK5Ld0s …
Remember when you had a soul?  Me either.
When you have to fact check shit that didn't happen, you're losing. Oh wait, you aren't even running for anything other than father of the second biggest liar in D.C.
Mike , did you See where a retired Surperme Court Judge Wants to Redo Our 2 Amendment RIGHTS !!! We NEED to Get BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT n Republican Party N Support them In 2018 n 2020 ELECTION S
Hillary is not a con artist like Don the con is.  Hillary is right about trumptardes
When is Hillary  going to be locked up?
Why is anyone still talking about her? The only place she is President is Fox News.
Does everyone remember the time @GovMikeHuckabee son and @PressSec brother David tortured a dog to death at a Boy Scout camp and his daddy got him off? 

Or how about the time the same genius did 10days in jail because he decided to bring a glock to an airport?
