DNC Vice Chair Keith Ellison says “women are dying” because Democrats are losing elections 
Dems will say anything to scare people and troll for votes - the Dems truly are a hate group -
And they wonder why they are loosing the American people, they have this bonehead as one of their leaders.
Women are dying due to lack of high quality health care, lack of coordinated efforts/ inaction to address opioid epidemic, gun violence,... The list goes on and on
175000 women die in abortions every year. Where's your outrage
Keith Ellison is a seditious muslims jihadi who should be rotting in GITMO, not serving in Congress.
Who really voted for him Foreigners and illegals? I smell rigged election 
Ellison believes that if he says a lie enough times the uninformed (Dims) will think it is the truth. It has worked for him for years!
Democrats are sick in the head!
I’m so EMBARRASSED to be from Minnesota - It really is a great state - Just to many free loading Libtards live here - Thanks to Libtarded Laws
He’s a nasty muslim
Right on.  This is why Dems will keep losing.  Snowflakes and out of touch with real Americans!!
O wait women are dying bc od the dnc
Doesn't he mean the Democrats are dying because they lie to much and have no plans for America. Women are very smart and dumping Democrats. Hello!
I swear their excuses get dumber every day!
Is that what the democrats  are running on this year? Good luck haha The more they talk the more I’m convinced,  #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Maybe someone is torturing them,hanging them and then cutting their throats. Ask your son how that goes. He practices on stray dogs instead of doing the right thing,calling animal control,instead of doing it where little kids are.Christian Camp.
Ellison the terrorist. Muslim Brotherhood ties.
Yeah and what about all those republicans who make their mistresses get abortions?  No body wants to talk about that
Translation: all the Tide-pod eating, pro abortion, Holocaust denying vegan “progressives” who believe there are 71 genders are naturally selecting themselves for extinction. The rest of us are keeping our babies and teaching them survival skills!
This is a priceless response. And true.
Thank you. Yes. Biology can’t lie.
Wait, you forgot to add the toilet lickers....
What a bizarre (not to mention unsanitary) way to express your dislike for anyone.
Yep, bizarre. Hard to believe people would really do those things...but maybe some do for attention.  Looks like a good way to make ones own self really sick. Lots of other better ways to spend a day. :)
Omg !  That’s just dum !
They never cease to amaze me. You can’t fix stupid #Lib2018 #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #MeToo
What a bunch of bunk!
2 ways abortion should b legal a female being raped or if its known to have a terminal illness any other way  should  not exist  and for damn sure the government or the fda shouldn't allow fetuses to be in our food and drinks GMOs are already 2 much
What???
Good reply Gov Huckabee

Ellison is a propaganda spewer and that’s that.  Just screams whatever will get him attention and the weak minded sponge heads follow the left like lap dogs licking their lying butts
Keith Ellison loves Louis Farrakhan, and has endorsed Farrakhan’s hate for Jewish people .Ellison needs to denounce Farrakhan or resign for being an anti Semite racist .
Baby killers

Also #ShariaLaw
Instead of citing facts to disprove him, you engage in the cowardly practice of whataboutism. This is why the nation is so divided. People like you-just trying to pick fights and humiliate the other side. Happy Sunday.
No disrespect intended here Mr. Kann Fan but Ellison doesn't need help humiliating himself... He is doing that all on his own,  @GovMikeHuckabee is pointing out the obvious.
Mr kann is a joy Reid fan, that might tell you where his head is at.
Hi, Mr. Creepy Stalker Dude. You having fun today?
Lol just seeing where your head is at like I said. Yes I’m having a good day. Thanks for asking.
A good day when you try to shame and blame others? Harrumph! Develop a conscience and maybe you will be just a little bit more human. Just sayin'...
Watch it. Sad stalker dude has his night vision goggles on.
Ah you picking on me again your buddy says you shouldn’t make fun,get a conscience. You folks on the alt left,so righteous.
I'm dying I'm dying ! 
Ellison speaks with forked tongue and hates America as it was founded...very radical
Thanks for telling the truth , Gov. The precious babies being MURDERED have no say...wake up Dems..Jesus is watching
Bull .
Dying throwing hissy fits because the majority of people think their vulgar genitalia outfits rightly portray their intelligence.
What he and other democrats need to learn is its not hyperbole to say this. Its literal fact. Innocent children are murdered which should carry the death penalty for those involved, yet democrats preach it as some sick right they think they have?
I feel like sudden death just listening to his ignorance. "We're not as stupid as he thinks we IS"
More women (Female babies) are murdered by Democratic supported abortion than any other action.  Look in a mirror & you will see the real cause of death!
Kimba Woods married George Sorros in third marriage! Has ties to Clinton! Warning Americans won't tolerate this b.s.! We will come for you!
I haven’t seen drama like this since JR was shot.
@keithellison Wish @NancyPelosi would hurry up already!
This is almost comical. More spreading of untruths

Wait, you're still alive? Thought you died.
Dying laughing maybe
Those crazy and inmoral dems
Did you guys know bleach is the best mouth wash? Really gets in there and cleans shit. Huckabee give us a review.
This is the face of the Democratic Party.
11,000 of your potential voters die every week 
You're mother should have had an abortion
They can't remember what year there in.
Ridiculously sad.
Absolutely an Idiot !
How can anyone listen to this "clown?"
Keith Ellison should not be trusted. Look at the company he keeps. He’s up there with Comey,McCabe,Lynch,      Clinton the list goes on. I wish someone would look into Mn s immigration cesspool.
Another DNC nutbag..Vote them OUT!!!
I think the hundreds of town hall meetings (you know, the ones the GOP don't like going to) where women have stood in front of their reps and explained how gutting the ACA would mean their deaths already explained this, or were you not listening?
Praying Democrats win!
Is this man whacked?  Is this what we have to look forward to with the democratic party?
FROM LACK OF HEALTH CARE, YOU INFLAMED ANAL SUPPURATION.

He’s a nut.
I am very much alive, thank you very much!
Lie
So right
girls are dying because of Abortion, girls are dying all over the world where muslim men think they can treat them like slaves
@keithellison is clearly delusional. There is not 1 single woman I know of, including myself, that is in any legitimate danger of “dying.”

Stop with the histrionics already!!!
You only care about knocking women up out of wedlock and abandoning them after they have the baby
Amen and thank you
So how did Elliot the idiot slide through? He must have had a sympathetic mother.
Tell them GovMike!!!
This is Hysterical!  He’s a blatant FOOL just like the rest of these liberals.
Sadly @GovMikeHuckabee , he merely needs to say it & the libs believe it to be true! Forget facts, they don’t matter when someone’s dogma dictates such a disturbing belief that there’s no way to change their minds. It’s sad!
Ellison is beyond stupid!
Mn embarrassment!
There is no evidence of this... but planned parenthood: doing all those abortions... now those deaths are appalling!
No women are alive and well and thriving you moron Congressman. Do us a favor and resign.
If killing is bad why do muslims do it?
This hater of the Jewish people is a stain on the House of Representatives.  It’s a disgrace that he hangs out with Louis Farrakhan and then pretends to have moral authority on anything.
Sources please!
Abortion is murder of an innocent life. Thank you for standing for the innocent and helpless.
Oooooooo, Hahaha Really.....!
Pathetic.
Ellison is an idiot
Idiot!
Are you listening to yourself?  Just because someone is pro-choice doesn't mean that they "think killing unborn children is more sacred than the lives of those babies." What kind of debased so-called "Christian" are you?
The "guvnor" is right as usual
Sorry dude... but claiming that the Dem party is immoral in comparison to the GOP is just stupid. You have the most immoral president ever!
The Democrats are fighting got their agenda which promotes hedonism at the expense of others rights and human value
He's Muslim...there is no respect for life in that "religion". Just my opinion.
Playing the abortion card.
Women are dying all over the world not only Just in America because of Islamic law and abuse of Muslim men
These Leftist people are seriously the devils children.
Dont worry im ftom mn and keith is and always has been an embarassment.  Dont listen to hm his audiance is smaller than he think.
Gov. Ellison is a you likely know is a lying member of the Muslim Brotherhood, specifically a member of Hamas dba CAIR who has made many disloyal and dishonest statements should no longer be surprise.
Dear Governor Huckabee, Thank you for your courage. I love your show and your daughter. You have done an excellent job and so has she.

How do these low IQ bottom feeders get into office ?!

Women are NOT dying!!
What is wrong with this LUNATIC congressman?!
How come you’re not helping people in Puerto Rico?
Ellison takes the word "stupid" to a whole new level. What a fool!!!!!
Ellison is stuffed manure !
The babies have it coming
Remove @keithellison from office! Ellison, vice chair of the DNC and one of two Muslim members of Congress, faced questions about his association with Louis Farrakhan, the leader of the Nation of Islam, when he sought the chairmanship of the DNC in 2017. @TurnMNRed

. It appears that Mr Ellison has lost his mind and doesn’t even understand where he came from—Sad-Very Sad.
He's got square nuts.
Give me a break woman are dying because you Democrats think it’s ok to kill unborn babies. Hospitals don’t turn people away if they are sick.
He’s a thug in a suit
So sad that the Democratic Party has been taken over by criminals out for themselves
WHAT AN ABSOLUTE FOOL HE IS!!! 
Ellison couldn't get a mirror to tell the truth!
Abortion is not about choice it’s about murder!!

Stop that’s all
Gov 
Ellison = a CLOWN just like his "hero" Obama.
The only reasons republicans talk about this is to get catholic votes. How about people killed by gun violence? I think Catholics should be for gun control and against abortion.
Don’t pay attention Ellison is a racist
Yep, we are dying due to Democrat losses. That's because we are so jubilant that Trump won that we walk into parked cars and stuff! ROFL
How come they NEVET talk about the murdered babies????
Keith is sick and TDS is prevalently seen from him.
So now death is sexist
Amen! They cling to this and not speak for our unborn!  If they were doing great work, they wouldn’t have to protest so hard! Right?!
Unbelievable... Ellison is out of his mind.
As a minnesotan, I feel like I have to apologize to conservatives for our leftist liberals, I'm sorry!

@keithellison Women are dying because of politics?  Women ARE dying in Muslim countries though.
Really! Babies are murdered more than women! Wars are killing millions and your trying to win us on that!  Idiotic
Keith Ellison shut the hell up. From a fellow MN. I am ashamed to say, since you’ve been in office Minneapolis has went from a once thriving beautiful city to a dumping ground for crime, gangs, and Muslim infiltration no go zones, and lawlessness! You know it and we know it!
You tell'm Chrissy !!

Ellison has no scruples  !!

The "son" in his name should disgrace his elders as He himself wouldn't be here if they practiced the killing supports !!
Ok no women are dying
No Kieth. Huckabee has it right.
AMEN Mike!!!

Keith Ellison needs a dose of reality! He's clueless.

Is this guy for real!
Right on Governor. Abortion is America’s Holocaust!  So sad.
Mr Ellison is truly Ignorant!!!
So true!
DNC has become blind as a party hasn’t it? The dying is being done by butchered babies, shredded in the wombs of barbaric women without hearts or brains. Those of the ones who are dying. And that is fully supported by the DNC!
Huck, U are still a single issue hack. u will always be a single issue hack
WELL SAID!!!
He’s whacked, and unfortunately from Minnesota along with the rest of the whack-job representatives. Ugh!
#KILLary
I do not know how they convince themselves it’s a right.  It’s murder
who DARES DEFY OUR BELOVED GOVERNOR MIKE HUCKABEE. who!!?

Party cross your legs, Who done it ? Sperm stuck in an female came from Man, well A Woman didn't stick it there
Bullshit! How many babies are dying because of Democrats? How many soldiers? How many black people are dying because of Democrats? Democrats have caused the most suffering of anybody in the USA!
