Sounds like a wonderful weekend
Do you teach your family how to lie with a straight face?  Sarah lies with a straight face @SHSanders45
Looking at you & your daughter I think there is a need for a NO DIVING sign at the Huckabee gene pool. #BanAssultRifles
LOL 
How sweet it is being a grandparent.
Governor, I feel your Pain.  I bet you love them so much and they are the World to your Wife and you.
I know Mine are!
If they were Russian, they would probably be physically fit.  No one in your family is physically fit.
Y’all cook in’ up some fried dog fritters?
Enjoy the chaos!
Prepare for Mueller investigating Sarah
Your dear daughter handles this with singular aplomb every day. Then she has to handle the older kids in the press room.
Does she lie to them also? #FakeFoxNews
Sugar rushers!
You can tell a lot by the way someone delivers an anecdote. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Bahahaha too funny!
COLLUSION!!!!
I just returned home from Wisconsin visiting mine. Love my grandchildren!
Enjoy!
Hahahaha 
I just had my 1st ! Marilyn is such a wonderful gift from God the feeling I have is overwhelming  joy different than your own
I would never compare ur grandkids to the Russians (chaos) even in fun Mike.
God bless
Giving Sara the day off
Lamb of God who takes the sins away from the world, have mercy on us. Happy Easter. Christ will come again.
We have 13 so i know what you mean. 
Bless your heart Jerry. ENJOY 
Hey Mike. This is the best of the last three but Russians = chaos is a little vague. Kids are onto social media so maybe something like “and I just found one of them on my Facebook!” Don’t worry, joke writing is tough! Keep at it!
wait... what?
Lol, I feel your pain...I got 6 grandsons 

You are awesome.
So Putin fathered Sarah's kids? #BabyDaddyPutin
#GrandpaJokes
#LeastChristianChristian
Grandkids are the best, and I'll bet Sarah appreciates the break from her babies for at  least a night!!!
You crack me up.
I hear ya- it’s when the chaos ends and no kids around that it’s sad
Grandchildren are wonderful!
Grandchildren are a special blessing from God!! Enjoy! On another note..it hurts my heart to watch the vultures in the press go after Sarah during the briefings. She is a champ at handling them, but shouldn’t be treated the way they treat her.
Your obsessed about the Russians too?  I am really starting to think both parties are mentally ill.
Yes I guess you know you're one of the big boys when you can make a Command Decision while other people criticize them
So you are giving them lying lessons and submissive lessons?
Spoken like a proud grandpa!!
Haha.
Well Now! Just slap me silly!
Ask Sarah, if any knows a Russian it will be her. #lyingsarah
Your a very lucky man!!!  Enjoy them!
That's sweet, good luck
#StormyDaniels  is new #evangelical virgin Mary and dump trump is the Abraham - the savior! Fucking is daily prayer!
Lol

Whip em if they get out of line. Don’t raise a crybaby protester.
Grandbabies are the best aren't they?!!
Have a great time, enjoy !
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA
Collusion running amuck?
Yes! Love the chaos and miss them when they’re gone. Blessings to you and your family! Happy Easter!
This is funny .

Russia is a priori guilty. West trust only those who can strike them in the face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aaKi1Oxj1Q …
Enjoy
Nothing like them grand babies Governer, can destroy a Sherman tank!
You always make my day better!  Can't keep from laughing!
#IamTommy
Enjoy !
Will the grandchildren be planning to hang any dogs during their visit?

lol  
You just called my Mr.Huckabee dumb?

You must go now.
BuhBye
The Boss and I welcome the chaos our grandchildren can create when they visit! It's the stuff of great memories!
Great feeling being a grandparent God bless

I only have 5 grandkids, but DITTO!!
Why do you think Russian kids create chaos. You divide even kids. Hope you.....? So called Christian.
@GovMikeHuckabee They day that because Easter falls on April Fool’s Day this year, you send the kids outside to hunt for Easter eggs (which you did not hide) & when they come back disappointed, you yell, “April Fool’s!” :P
The CHAOS that they are experiencing in DC is called WORK. I hope nobody has a heart-attack from too much exertion. 
That's funny. People are being murdered but go ahead and laugh.
!
Have they started torturing and killing dogs yet?

#blessed

Governor can you be an adult please!
Well done Grand Pappy!...
Very funny - enjoy

Happy Easter to you and your family! Enjoy your little urchins as I also will. God Bless!
Have fun Gov Huckabee!!
Great!!!!
Lol. What an analysis.....
Being a grandparent is so much fun! You can spoil them & then send them home. I cherish my four grandkids.
We love those  grandkids
Blessings that you actually get to see, visit, hug, talk, share unconditional love & acceptance with your grandchildren..there's many of us that do not have that blessing..due to biased, jealous, judgemental "parents" & in laws.  Sad for all>children & "other" family. #Alienation
#GovMikeHuckabee grandkids are a blessing & to make up for the trials our children gave us.   LOL

I have two grand-daughters I take them to school and pick them up every day.  They are coo-coo for cocoa puffs, but they make life sweeter!  I cherish every moment with them.
You're so blessed! Happy for you!
No no... Mexicans cause chaos...Russians are silently sneaky. Get it right mike. Jeesh.
I think you are losing yoir damn mind, u think u r funny!.
Grandkids are the lights of our lives, aren't they?  And the chaos keeps us young at heart!
Brilliantly worded grandpa. 
You’re going to expel @realdonaldtrump?
UH OH! lol
How Blessed you are!
GOD BLESS YE EVERY ONE!!
Grandkids are the best!
Up high Governor 
Hey do you teach your grandkids not a to lie, like you did your daughter oh wait you didn't do a real good job there maybe you better work on it
Is Stormy Daniels also coming?
Lucky you! 
Cute
Did you run this by @ChipHinkleman?
Have lunch at Jersey Mike's Subs today. 100% goes to Make a Wish Foundation. #JerseyMikesGives
Are any of them killing dogs like your boy?
You are a Saint. 
Too soon, Mike. Way too soon.
Sad they think that way of Russian people
You are a glutton for punishment grandpa!  Enjoy them while you can they grow up so fast.
Do they lie all the time?
ahh comon... you coulda had that power... you have to do it just for a little while.
they are kids, they bounce.
You cherish it even more because you can get them the noisy toys and they go to their homes by Sunday nite Gov, admit it.  #MAGA
Are you sure you weren’t a comedian in another life. Every time you tweet something it makes me laugh & laughter is a good thing.
Little kids are so Pure.
Their concept of Life is so honest & basic.

And then, they become

TEENAGERS.
Woohoo
Here's a Russian asset stating plainly that he wants chaos in America.  @FBI @CIA
Enjoy while you can they grow up too fast.  I miss going to Toys R Us
Have fun Grandpa!!

Embrace the chaos.
I used to like you @GovMikeHuckabee. Now I see who you really are. Sad.
I have twenty-seven and, as thet say in the Air Force, two more in the hanger. When asked, I say when they all get together, it is not organized chaos: just chaos, and I love it!!!
Take them to the shooting range grandpa
It’s a CLOWN house, what do you expect
Enjoy!
Kind of a crazy good
Because having a foreign nation interfere in our elections is funny to you. Wonder how funny it would be to you had they helped HRC. And you Baptists don't even know how to make Families. My family has 16 grandchildren . :)
Lol
We love you governor! Happy Easter to you & your family! 
As will those 6 gifts of God!  God Bless You Sir.....Amen y Amen!!!
I'll bet you treat them better than the foul, petty, ignorant press treats your awesome daughter. God Bless.
So sweet Happy Easter to your GRANDS.  children are so precious
Your so funny ....clown
Living life.
That’s hilarious, making light of a foreign entity interfering with our democratic process. Good times there asshole.
My youngest grandkid is 22 and no prospects for great grandkids BUMMER!!!!  SEMPER FI
I have 11 grandchildren Gov and can’t imagine life without the chaos.
Are you *actually* saying that you would NOT expel #Russian spies or diplomats from the U.S.A. for attacking an ally with a biological weapon let alone helping #Trump commit #Conspiracy #Espionage #Treason #Obstruction #GlobalOrganizedCrime #unlawfuluseofcampaignfundsStormy
Yes!. When they are at our house...it's mayhem...a minute after they leave? The silence is sad. They love it here w/ pop-pop and g-ma(me) and said "it's the fun house, we don't wanna go home, our house is sad"..I think they 're feel the presence of Jesus here along with our love.
YES !! I’m using this ha ha ha ha. Mother of 7 with 4 grands and twin girls on the way !! I love this !
Yes, you'll work with them to undermine Democracy and then devise ways to rationalize it in the press. 
#ALiarLikeMomma
Great tweer Governor!!
I have 6 grandkids too all boys ! Love it when they come over
Love your tweets Mike - you so “get it”, especially when it comes to family
Moose and Squirrel in big trouble!!
Careful. I hear Russians like to eat all the Cheerios.
Any of your grandkids ever use biological weapons to kill people??
I get the impression that, considering what a wonderful daughter you brought up, you are up for the challenge.  lol
Kool aid alert
Better hide the dogs if theyre anything like your son!
Poor kids
Keep them safe sir.
#TheStormIsHere
You are blessed!!
You would not expel spy diplomats and international criminals from another country? Wow
Teach them not to lie for a living.
Haha, yeah right
Always has to be somebody nasty to say something rude and hurtful. Should have been taught some stuff yourself
To you and your lying daughter!
Enjoy the day with the kids.  Good to have someone around you can communicate with on the same level.
That’s wonderful enjoy them!  I love how Sarah smacks down the so-called White House press God Bless her.
Way to go, Grandpa!  They grow up so quickly!
My age is not important, but your glarying stupidity & ignorance is!
Have fun! Kids are a blessing!
