I am no papist, but am a Protestant Christian who came to know Christ in a conservative American Baptist Church in 1959. 

The Pope had a private meeting with a Liberal atheist member of the media who's reporting the Vatican has denied!

We who search the Scriptures know better!
Prove it.
Please be more specific about what you want me to prove.
Maybe start with the legitimacy of scripture. Notice how it’s not capitalized.
You don't have to defend a lion.
You just let him out of the cage!
However, the legitimacy of the Bible is a complete study unto itself. And I am not expert in it, although I am a serious student. But the following can get you started if you are sincere.

http://www.clarifyingchristianity.com/b_proof.shtml 
To clarify, are you likening the teachings of Christianity to a wild predatory animal? I do appreciate the genuine attempt on your part, but I have studied both Old & New Testaments from Jewish & Christian perspectives. I guess you could say I am a sincere and staunch skeptic.
Analogy is used to make a point. Since I believe that the whole Bible is God breathed, His nature is embedded in it's meaning and preservation. If we have to defend it, then we imply that it is weak, and we are strong, which is not true. God is absolutely strong; we are weak.
I see. For me, I just don’t see the rational need for a perfect eternal creator to show me that humans are flawed and insignificant. In fact, assuming to know the creator and then anthropomorphizing it - seems egocentric at best. It is arrogance disguised as humility.
There is something truly wrong with that Pope
The Pope is chosen by God. He is direct contact with God. For you to question that you are either questioning the entirety of Catholicism or the entirety of God. Which is it?
NO the Pope is not chosen by God he is elected in with votes by fellow priests. I have no doubts that God is real and his son died for our sins. But this Pope to say there is no hell, when Bible mentions it several times, seems like he is one questioning God
Are you questioning God’s love and forgiveness? Would a loving father send any of his children, who he died for, to an eternal hell? That’s a horrible thought. What about those who have died who have never heard the Christian message? What about babies? Young children?
I am not questioning God...I questioned the Pope who btw is not God. Bible speaks several times of reality of hell. People can repent so will not go to hell, and have always questioned about the ones who have not heard of him. Babies and young children are not sinners.
Will people be able to repent after they die? That’s an interesting question don’t you think?
Time for repentance is before you die
I've watched the White House press briefings. Indeed there is a hell. Picture by @JimCarrey.
How utterly low and classless of you
Not like he killed a dog or anything.
And she hasnt either....
At least one huckabee has
So that justifies a pic like that of her?
Did you object as vociferously from 2009-2017 when artists were producing racist caricatures of President Obama? Artistic expression is a protected right, and shouldn’t be stymied just because it offends you
I thought those were wrong too
I don’t recognize Francis as being the legitimate Pope of the Catholic Church, all this sham will come to light some day, I hope soon !
Do dog murderers go there?
I’m going to invent a new game where you have to take a shot every time Mike gives away the punchline in one of his jokes.
People who tell you you’re funny are not your friends. They’re laughing AT you. (Also, never forget that your son tortured a dog to death and your daughter lies on a national stage everyday.)
It’s real and you’re going there
Is this prophecy being fulfilled ??? #hellisreal, just ask Chicago...
So he's been to Hell and Back Gov Huckabee?  So the Pope Hell is Congress but he doesn't have to work with Congress. Trump's Hell is Congress is more accurate.
So true
How about changing your divisive ways and encouraging kindness and compassion in our country. You know...what would Jesus do kinda thing. You have shown yourself to be quite the hypocrite. Happy Easter.
SORRY THE MAN IS CRAZY.HE NEEDS TO STOP PLAYING GOD

Oh hey we punched this tweet up or you.
Huck, you were born 40 years too late. Patrons on the Catskills would have loved your schtick...now? Ehhh...
Hell is real and it’s reading all of Mike Huckabee’s jokes
#asshat
Earth is heaven and religious people make it hell.
Large son, dog, etc
. Ahem!
He's at least 1/2 right.
Gov. Mike H. you know more than I do about religion. If there is no hell, why then shall we behave? why do we need to obey the 10 Commandments if there is NO HELL. Where did all the criminals rapist go then? POPE is NOT my Pope and I am catholic!
Are you sure it was he’ll and not a shit hole?
Also the pope chose his papal name after St. Francis of Assis, the patron saint of animals, so if he dies believe in hell that means Pope Francis is making sure your dog killing son is on the list.
It's all fun and games until your daughter goes to prison
Lmao.    That’s funnny.   That’s really funny.   And I do agree that DC is hel.  These assholes in DC are demons.
EVIL is HIGHLY ORGANIZED - We're NOT!

#ClickyBuzz #MAGA #ClickyClubs Platform!

http://clicky.buzz/public/newsletter …

http://www.ClickyClubs.com 

#Christians #Conservatives #Click2Connect

#CrossPromote #Business #Newsletters

#Political #Events or #Videos http://www.c2cWorldTV.com 

#BuzzChatLive



Who cares. The Pope has no biblical authority on earth to absolve sins, make saints, convert bread & wine into the ‘body & blood of Christ’ & he isn’t the ‘Vicarius Feli Dei’ Anti or In place of the Son of God which is an emblem sprawled on one of he hats. He a sinner like us.
You should read your tweets into a microphone on stage standing next to a stool in front of a brick wall, and add “HEY-YO!” after the punchline.
What did YOU teach your daughter about telling the truth?
Can lying for a corrupt politician send you to hell?

CC: @PressSec
He knows there is a devil too.
Hope your bags are packed for your long stay in hell.
Ohhh, he heard it on Faux News......that explains it 

#AlternativeFacts #FoxNews
I thought the same- difficult to believe the Pope said there is no Hell.

This Pope is a fake Prophet 
#NotMyPope
The LEFT side of the Aisle! #NoDoubt
Feinstein thinks the senate is saving America. Wish she would read your tweets

Love it!! Hehehe
According to Fox&Friends the Italian atheists reporter is in his 90’s, never takes notes or records the people he’s interviewing. If that’s the case I’m sure he misquoted the Pope. God Bless us AllHappy Good Friday & Thank You my Lord Jesus!!
Has he been to California?
He has, along with tons of other California bashing conservatives that conveniently all live in Southern California beach cities
Well then he knows as anyone else who’s been there, that Hell truly exists
California is lovely.
He didn't say that!!
It’s humor
Gotchya!!
Lol. The Atheist Journalist Admitted To Not Quoting The Pope Accurately. Of Course He Knows There's A Hell.

lots of grits and gravy up in that house.
Yes hell is real, and not I’m not talking about Congress
This is funny. 

Too bad people are mad at the pope.
Why would a loving, caring father throw any of his kids into a place which I think has been overblown and misrepresented thru the years of torment for ever ?? God saying to one of his loving kids ,You didnt say enuff Hail Marys you must burn forever, I doubt it...
If there is no hell where are the Deep State going?
This one made me chuckle out loud.
No worries, purgatory’s still there for you Mike.
If he talked to religious right he knows there is a hell
yeah, I bet meeting Trump was hell.
I believe there is
He directed one urgent warning against hell to the mafia in 2014.“Convert! There is still time, so that you don’t end up in hell.That is what awaits you if you continue on this path.Pope Francis-2014. 
Article written by a Euro-atheist reporter on what he “thought” the Pope meant
I'm thinking he's showing his real colors. Highly suspect.
Aside from politics. If the Pope does not believe there's a hell, we have a bigger problem. Next hes gonna say there's no God
Oh come now, he was never in Arkansas during your governorship so how could he know? Give the guy a break. Have him on your show so he can know what it’s like to talk to a literal demon.
Aren't you just some hack who couldn't win an election without invoking religious dogma?
Holy toast!
Fake news!
Adding blasphemy to the repertoire ... interesting choice for “a man of God” Mikey
I rate this joke a zero out of 10 on the Huckabee scale.
You are bad at jokes.
They call it Purgatory...
Congress isn’t HELL its incompetence !
Dems are the hell
Good one Huckabee. I finally agree with you on something!
Good one Mike!!!!
So true
It must be #Fakenews! We all know hell exists. You only have to look and listen to a liberal who has so much hate in their heart! Hell is waiting for them...
Why is it that white conservatives think God only loves them!? God created ALL people in His image and we all fall short of the Glory. Keep lying and hell will be waiting for you... #FakeChristians
You are as funny as your daughter is truthful.
But it does explain why Satan is always in such a foul mood.
It better be real, so your dog-killing son can go.
You’re nothing but a troll who raised a lying daughter.
STUDY THE BOOK OF DANIEL AND FIND OUT WHAT THE PAPACY REALLY IS
When you’d rather be a shitty comedian than govern
Of course you know hell is real because you know your entire family is going there.
Lol 
tell it, leader....

Did your son really kill a dog?
Good one.
NOW DATS COMMYDEE!! HAHAHA
He's the pope, so...

Glad to see Christians still pick and choose the things they want to believe
Jews don't believe in hell either & yet more Hate from Huckabee on this good Friday.Jesus only gave one commandment Mike seems to have missed. "Love one Another" thats it "love one another" yet mike is more or less a twitter troll full of hate demonizing & dividing the USA for $.
If there is one you know who might end up there...
I thought you were gonna say he never watched your show. #hypocrite
That’s a pretty stupid thing to say, Governor.
Good one, Gov. ! 
There is a hell. Living under @GOP rule.
All these years of failed attempts to craft jokes and you still haven’t learned “brevity is the soul of wit.” That’s from Shakespeare. Ever heard of him?
Yeah, but has he ever been to Arkansas? #hellisreal

Your jokes blow goats.
Governor you never know with that pope what he will say where as pope john Paul 2nd is and was a man of peace
Do you think your son will go to hell for killing that dog?

but has he been to arkansas?
Every time huckabilly tweets, I imagine him smiling smugly at his phone while he hits send, thinking, "That's the one!"  
But it never is.
Why are you, as a Christian, belittling the horror that is Hell by making light of it through political jokes. #fakechristian #fraud #hellisreal
Edgy, Pugsley Osmond Sr. #hellishuckabeehumor
@Pontifex is gifted at not seeing what is right in front of him.  Like any good socialist...
You need help.  Take a break, step back, and go figure out how jokes work. Because your jokes... Don't.
Stick to your day job.  Grifting the elderly seems to be your forte, comedy is not.
Wow that’s a real zinger
If there is a hell, doncha think ole  Huckleberry Sanders is going to burn?  You know, cuz of all those lies she tells everyone every day? #Cult45
AMEN!!!
You forgot to say who were the devils leading congress
I think the Pope knows better than you on matters of the church.
Good SOFT Joke Mr. Huck !
Atheist reporter who interviewed the Pope spun words.
I had no idea the Pope and been to your house for dinner.

dog killers go to hell
If Congress is hell, why do you want your fellow Republicans to go to hell? Shouldn’t you campaign with Democrats to help them get elected and go to hell instead of Republicans?
NO  @GovMikeHuckabee   @Pontifex has seen politicians every day and  was at lease to 10 Parliaments/Congresses so he sees hell every day-this is another MSM concocted story.
Lol. I needed that today.

Go take up knitting.
Ha ha. This is pretty.serious.
Hell is Real. Here we have HOPE THANKS BE TO GOD.
If there is  a hell ?  they must play CNN   24/7
He said that after smoking pipe .
I guess 
Hahaha; i just wish he is under an influence of something! Ordinarily he wouldn"t have said that!
He knows there’s a hell because that’s where all dog murderers go.

Vry rude to Mr. Horseman.
#hellisreal who presides over this "hell"?... Satan/Trump?
He should believe in a PURGATORY. If he don't, he ain't Catholic.
What are you thinking? You have abandoned your faith for your corrupt party. You and your daughter will be so embarrassed when you finally wake up and realize what you gave up for the Trump administration
This is extra funny, because the Pope is only criticizing the party who has lost its Christian values, your GOP.
#FalseChristian
##hypocrite
God bless you Governor.
How do I delete your post?
His family's last name should be McPoyle
Fair play, first good joke you've made in a while, funny man.
It’s funny. I told my husband. I don’t think he said it the way ppl are taking it. But wow. I for one would be glad - I mean if we only had purgatory and we all make the right choices and get in. I probably wouldn’t have complained Hahahaha
A living, breathing hell on earth !!
If there is one, I’m sure it’s where your dog killing large adult sons and homophobic parasites like you will spend eternity 
Hell.
Rev 22:19
Live shot from hell.
Hey you got a spot at the trough too.
And it’s... filled with... Republicans? Was that a self-own or what?
Er, and just how would you know that?
You typed the wrong year. 2017. There. I helped you.
I picked this because of the special colored icon on the left.
This dark red is a favorite color for them. Keep looking.
At the very bottom of the page we see a link that is not easily understood. Most people won't click on these, unless they are looking for something in particular.
Look around here. A foundation. Does this seem like a charitable giving opportunity? Keep looking.

https://www.sae.org/publications/technical-papers/content/810118/ …
These look like the links to find what we're looking for. We can add some key words to our collection for the network.

Participate with SAE
    Membership
    Sections
    Member Connection
    Volunteer
    Author
    Scholarships
    Awards
    Careers
    SAE Foundation
The first job on the list.

Mobility is one of their favorite words. This description is full of power, and short on work detail.
They can also make a lot of money.

I am highly suspicious of these jobs.
The foundation page.

Dark. Darkened photos. A picture of a child with their hand over their mouth.  This is a message. 

You might say "Oh, it's just ____." 

Don't. 

It is time to see this for what it is.
Rom.6:23 the wages sin pays is death rom.6:7 he who has died has been acquired from his sin
No he did not. A journalist made it up.
Amen.  Love you, love your daughter.
Correct a GOP run Congress is hell. #hellisreal
Your so bad

I think he's lessening the fear of  consequence for bad behavior. What's Francis involved with? I don't even wantcto know. He's an awful pope :(
People like the Pope more than you.
Yes yes!
ugh, enough
Lol
Must disagree, probably more like purgatory in 2015. Had he visited between 1/2007 & 1/2011 then I would concur as Pelosi would have been Speaker of the House then.
Mike I don’t get the joke could you please explain it
You are brilliant
That is a heretical statement; apparently he's not familiar with the words of Jesus! Impeach him!
Well your son is going there for killing a dog, so I wouldn't be so happy to proclaim this.
Shut up
@GovMikeHuckabee -- GOV: I'm no Pope Fran fan, but I doubt he actually denied the existance of Hell. U mentioned his address to Congress in 2015, the same year this story was published in an anti-Christian Publication, "La Repubblica."
He knows the Devil exists he sees your daughter every day
Good stuff Mikey baby. When is the comedy special?
1.5 upton boobs
We know here in OH
But now he is evidently walking it back a bit...maybe he thought the Vatican basilica ceiling pieces falling on people was a message from St. Peter...?
Only you, Governor, could bring a chuckle over this one.  THANK YOU.  @DutchLA
Goo one, Gov. No, he didn't say it. An atheist reporter wrote that he said it.
what a buffoon u r
Oops....sorry..ur right in his case...ita def...a proper noun
Thanks gov @GovMikeHuckabee
Pope is changing its too bad

I would pay good money to see you do stand up at the Apollo..
When was Pope Francis on your show ????
No it isn't 
