I strongly feel that the Bill and  Hillary Clinton have no love for country, just money. They  are willing to sell our country and the foundation it stands for cash. They have revealed how corrupted our government politicians are. They should be jailed for treason.
ABC is also guided by hatred and contempt ofTRUMP and the Right! They might go to great lengths to hide Comeys lies, but it will eventually  come out. They alll do
I didn't watch he's lies nor will I watch ABC
This is way too easy to make fun of, that I can’t even do it. 
The comments here make me sad for America.
So truth and transparency all of the sudden nake you sad?..... hmmmm
@ABC @realDonaldTrump #CCCTrain #Patriots #Conservatives #Deplorables #Veterans #MAGA
Amen how are people supposed to form an accurate opinion if they don't know all the facts
Yeah, like that would ever happen
Pray Pray Pray Exodus 14:14 and Ephesians 6:10-18 #armorofGODallalong
I have lost total faith in our justice system, public information and the Democratic party. 
I also do not watch NFL games at all, anymore. Same reasons. Justice was not done there either.
I stand for what this country should represent. My avatar helps me remember what some Americans still feel about our country. Has our legal system become the OJ Simpson system of rule; like him, let him go. Or is there still justice? Like OJ, the Clintons feel they are above law.
Time has come to arrest the Clintons, their foundation contributors and hold all directly and criminally responsible for their actions. Is that time ever going to evolve or has our country become so corrupt that there is no law governing those who attempt to ruin our Democracy?
I don,t give dam about Comey . He should be in jail right now
Untrusted public media should not be allowed to air to the public. Time has come to arrest those responsible for falsifying and publishing misleading information. Start at the top where the decisions are made.
Comey contributed to the corruption by misleading the public, not prosecuting ones definitely guilty of treason and corruption. He is as guilty as them because HE DID NOT DO HIS JOB. I would have fired him myself, but sooner. Now he's making money  telling half-truths to us.
Never gonna happen
You know EVERYTHING coming out of his mouth is a Lie. He himself has confirmed it! I want to watch so bad, but @ABCNetwork is one I Boycott!
5 hours of lies instead of 20 minutes?
How about this. Let’s just not watch it at all because @ABC surely ain’t guilty of bias reporting of the @POTUS. Whether we watch it or not, it still isn’t going to stop the left from using it a source/false facts for their lies.
I didn't watch lying comey, I stopped watching 60 minutes.
NBC boasting lies saying they are the most watched news ... Fox rating #1..
We know the left has a morality issue. Their moral compass is so jacked up that it doesn’t point true north. Not even close.
I like Mike 
Did you know his son tortured a dog?
That's terrible.
But honestly, what does that have to do with Gov Huckabee and his tweet about releasing 5 hours of unedited Comey interview to the public?
She said she liked mike. Just wanted her to know
Where did you get that information? Must have been that special kind for the STUPID !
There’s actually this cool tool called google where you can look things like that up
Yes and it was born before you . TODDLER !
I’m 33
I agree but they won’t. Truth be told, Comey’s arrogance may just have laid the ground work for a solid indictment. He better hold on to those millions. He may need them.

Governor, I agree with you. I can not watch much TV anymore due to the corruption and misleading or fictitious information. I am fed up with the  hypocrisy shown by all it seems but Fox. Personally, I feel it has now time to put in place laws that strongly govern public media.
Release Unedited Interview
Evidence, it's all evidence!!!
Do you instruct your daughter on "skillful editing" of Trump behavior and lies?

That would be telling the truth which is never going to happen with the “Fake News” and lies being told by ABC,  CNN, and MSNBC
Governor, stand your ground and continue to pursue prosecution of those responsible for their greeds. Thank you.
Show me Trump’s tax returns then.
They won't because there's things they want hidden
If he is not fabricating and lying then release the full unedited version otherwise we know you and he are full of crap!
Whats wrong you dont like truthfulness?
Read the book. @Comey might even give you a copy if you ask nicely.
Lying and sedition runs in the Huckabilly family.
Run along now. Adults are talking here.
Amen
Comey is a worse actor than David Hogg-  RELEASE THE ENTIRE, UNEDITED 5-HR SESSION> Great idea Huck!
@ABCNetwork is a dishonest network. From the clowns at GMA to the liberal false narratives of the Nightly News  it can't be much worse. I'm sure Bob Iger of Disney supports this left-wing slanted Trump Derangement Syndrome reporting. Disgusting & despicable.
There is no need to watch the ABC interview with  #thecommunistcomey as it will be nothing but liberal propaganda ,a huge waste of time . Stephanopoulos is a hack with absolutely no personality and Comey is lying treasonous trash.
#BoycottABC
What are the liberals hiding????
#BoycottComeyEverything
Maybe we could have it done w/o him getting the questions first?
Why? There's not enough gold in California to make me listen to that dip shit meander on for 5 hours. I won't listen to my wife for 5 hours and she lets me see her naked.
They won't be doing that... facts might get in the way of their narrative
@ABCNetwork release the whole interview.
Really don’t care what BS Comey spewed for 5 hrs.
Y'all amaze me. You scream how your a good Christian, yet say all our justice systems are corrupt ONLY WHEN Trump announced it to you sheep, who in return, turn against your own country for a criminal con artist who is selling out our country to Putin and friends.#traitor
Not watching,  a 5 hour interview should be on for 5 hours the media has no right to hide what they don't want u to know
Will have low viewership
Happy now, you human/turnip hybrid?
The @Comey-@GStephanopoulos interview was nearly five hours long. ABC's special is only one hour. I hear the network plans to release the transcript of the complete interview...
#FakeNews #LameStreamMedia will never fully disclose anything that doesn’t serve the #Narrative.
When the questioner is just as slimey and skilled at dirty tricks , lies, deceit, and cover..... It kinda makes the whole thing a bogus shitshow. George is just as complicit as Comey ... Both should be in prison diff eras same crimes.
Maybe 5 hrs of interview gives them another couple episodes or constant little jabs.
Wow—he’s really cashing in on his misdeeds!
What is wrong with you? You haven’t even seen the interview and you’ve already concluded it’s slanted. Are you going to watch all five hours? Hell, you won’t even read the Special Counsel’s mission which would take five minutes.
Thanks for the heads up, Gov.  Now 
I won't watch.  Protecting a liar by liars is not my idea of time well spent watching.
The "Already Been Chewed" Network will NEVER comply! They are part of the scam and coup.
@ABC
Why do you keep opening your mouth?  Three words... Pee Pee Tape.
James Comey appears so humble and honest in the clips of his interview. What a phony! He's a bad actor in many ways. I hope he doesn't take his show on the road. He is embarrassing himself even more than before
ABC serves one narrative. To do it's upmost to make Trump look bad, and never report success. Period.
That's five hours more than the so called "president" has done. Unless you count "Hannity".
The always been crap network. ABC.
Anyone familiar with the dishonesty of the mainstream media, knows they edited it to put the best possible light on Comey and the worst on Trump.
.@ABC is clear about 1 thing, that they aren’t a news organization but a venue for Lib politics. They allow Joy Behar to denigrate any conservatives she chooses, and shut down anyone not in line with that agenda. They would eat their children before ever telling any WHOLE story.
Release all the fire hours
Is your son still killing dogs, or did you move past that?
Not watching. He's a dirty cop and a silly little boy as far as I'm concerned.

GEORGY PORGIE PUDDING AND PIE!! WOULD THE REAL GEORGE PLEASE STAND UP!!
@ABCNetwork @GStephanopoulos 
#Release5Hours
Hello! We love you Mike!
@realDonaldTrump
Maybe have Horowitz and Huber subpoena the unedited version.
They prob had a time limit & had to cut sectiins to fit the time segment
@ABC the gauntlet has been thrown!!
Mikey you do know you arent a governor anymore right?
and when trump is deposed about his porn star mistress, will you call for the same openness or will you be respecting his privacy? your network is jealous that the people that fat yam fired don't want to talk to his enablers.
That’s never gonna happen
That's gonna be so chopped up by the time we see it it's going to be a whole different story!!!
Good point,  but don't want to watch anything that criminal says unless it's under oath...but wait! He lies under oath too
If Comey is going to be interviewed for 5 hours, it's not going to be with the biggest liberal entertainer, George Stephanopoulos. Let's pick Levin!!
Well said, let’s c if they do.
Mr Huckabee, the more I see of your Tweets, the more I like you!!
Well Mike Dats Wishful thinkinABC WANTS TO SLANT IT THEIR WAY! Cardinal Comey oversaw cuts
@ABCNetwork Hello?
I agree Release the entire 5hour unedited interview of Lollipop Comey
Do worry, #MAGACoalition has eyes everywhere, it'll all come out no matter how hard they try to cover it up. It has so far. We now know SOOOOO much more than we did 2 years ago.
Comey didn’t charge clinton bec of poll numbers . Silly me thought u charged criminals !
Yes!!  ABC.  ENLIGTEN US!!
@ABC we want the entire 5 hrs Comey interview.
That’s right Brother Mike !!
Who wants to listen to his fantasies???!!!  Waste of time!
I agree with you 100%
Comey is a very small man; I won’t waste my time listening to more lies or my money on a fictional book of a bitter, angry, wounded man trying to settle a score.  He’s pathetic
Yes!!! #releasethetapes
You are a clever Kekistani
#FreeKekistan
I cant wait for his interview on the 26th with Brett on FOX
I’d rather they interview you about this raid you are advocating against the FBI. Been working on Your Russian lately?
Comey testified under oath.  Has Trump?
Don’t watch this liar! Watch Mark Levin!
Y’all were cheering for the same man when he bombed Hillary’s campaign! What happened? 
Both liars Sir.  Liberal Bullshit @ABC
Ugh.....5 hours...... it would be so boring. Don't think I could make it a fraction of that......ugh.
ABC: "Uh....NO"

GOTCHA MIKE 
Wishful thinking...
L like it
Never happen.  George Stuffitupyourass will edit the hell out it to fit his  Mickey Mouse agenda.  DOJ should seize all the unedited tapes before they have a chance to destroy them.

Won't be watching. My tv would be deystroyed by the end
#ReleaseTheEntire5HourSession #ReleaseTheEntire5HourSession #ReleaseTheEntire5HourSession #ReleaseTheEntire5HourSession #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #TheStormHasArrived  #TheStormHasArrived  #TheGreatAwakening  #TheGreatAwakening  #WeThePeople
Don’t watch it until afterwards. We’re not giving ratings
ABC is one of the worst. Never watch their stations.
ABC SUCKS... BS edited
Who Cares Who Paid Stormy. Taxpayers Didn't But We Did Pay For Congress' Sexual Harrassment Settlements & They Won't Release Names
5 hours of Comey ? I will take 5 hours of dental work with zero meds first
I don't watch ABC period.  Not even prime time.
Nah. Let them edit it. It will only backfire on Comey and place him in far more legal jeopardy that he's already in. The "All About Clinton" fake news network will be the nail in Comey's coffin that brings him down.
5 hours on this p@tz  WOULD not waste my time
He is a joke don't watch trash
Another stupid false tweet from mikey. Like father like daughter. What a loser.
Its probably bedtime for you and your 10 followers.  Kiss Mommy goodnight now.
WELL YOUR OLD PUPPETEER FOX NEWS EDITED YOUR STUFF VERY WELL INDEED AND NOW CONTINUES WITH THE REST OF THE FAMILY.  JUST THE WAY IT IS
GOP shameful
You'll learn that Comey is a small, self-centered coward like every single other Republican.
Maybe he will get edited into the big house..
Agreed but then George shitontopofit, would have to be a real journalist and tell the truth. Not hide behind his hi paying position giving to him because of his love for the Bush's,  CLINTONS & Obamas. ABC SHOULD CLEAN HOUSE AND GET THEIR RATINGS BACK.
Have the guts to resist Trump honk aggression #TrumpisTwitler
Play the Pee Tape as an intro!
Of course there was major editing done @ABCNetwork @ABCNetwork ABC’s a joke! Bias media at its best! #FakeNews #FakeNewsMedia #releaseallthefootage
You know Mike No One will believe any crime the Democrats have done. No one has been charged nor Arrested.  All we hear see are ACCUSATIONS   just proves  ppl in FBI DOJ and Government  
#TIEREDJUCTICESYSTEM  
#DOUBLESTANDARDS
 Busted Manafort front door @3 am 
Not #LOUISLERNER
@Comey couldn't give @jasoninthehouse or @TGowdySC a straight answer under Oath, but blabs for 5 hrs to a reporter?
He's full of Shit.
All networks edit interviews. They overshoot and edit. But because Comey is so obviously more credible than the deranged abomination in the WH, you deliberately try to stain the interview as if there were missing parts that would make Trump look better. Shameless, Mike.
I would not watch it 5 seconds let alone 5 hours. Waste of time!
@ABC

Who cares Huckabee? Do you think the real supporters really care? Did you read the book? Me either sir. So, what’s up with this idiotic tweet?
Please release the full interview! No cherry picking George! Earn your salary! A friend told me it was $15Million! Does anyone know?
Son. Siw
What does it matter what this man says anywhere any day,  he is a well known liar and criminal.
How about having your dishonest con man sit down for an interview with an actual reporter to give your poor daughter a break from defending his absurd lies and misbehavior?
Smoke and Mirrors is what they're BEST at! They think we're stupid! Problem is, some people actually are.
Ironic.. your daughter lies every day to support the Trump narrative... also built on lies. Go away.
That is pretty common for every channel. I don’t believe any interview if it has been edited.
Poor Mike,, whining by again cause he can’t get his way!
Who would want to watch five hours of Comey?
I won't be watching it regardless.  I am boycotting all liberal owned MSM.
Oh and @realDonaldTrump 's taxes, let's release those too while we are at it.
Does it bother u on the least that nothing that comes from your mouth sounds Godly?? Or for that matter, Patriot??
I’d say stick to threads of Liberals. You don’t belong here.
Just what are you and others trying to prove? You weren't elected to drag on a political dispute that doesn't have any bearing on present or future of our great country. Get off it.
Editing by audio/video editing or "legal beagles?"
He probably have him the questions to meet his narrative. I have no respect for Comey, he betrayed his oath of office and should be held accountable for obstruction of justice against Hillary Clinton. FBI should of raided the Clintons foundation Attoneys at the time
Why don't you teach your daughter how to tell the truth...or how to dress...

All Comey wants to do is make mad bank off the certain publicity the media will give him and his book.
Investigators traced evidence Cohen entered Czech Republic through Germany, during Aug or early Sept of 2016 as ex-spy reported, He wouldn’t have needed a passport for such a trip, because both countries are in so-called Schengen Area in which 26 nations operate w open borders.
It would make for a strange mini-series!!  
Sick puppy
Moongarbage back to the base and watch your cartoons NOW!
They will release the clips of him bashing trump but not the ones where he shows trump right —
Huckabee's wasting his breath.  Twitter just put me on 12 hour probation for criticizing Comey.  Twitter's an important cog of the vast Left Wing Conspiracy.
Governor you really think ABC who has done nothing to punish Behar for insulting our VP's faith and comparing POTUS to NK dictator, will do the right thing and release the entire, unedited 5-hr session? Come on Governor, you know better than that.
Preach!
@GovMikeHuckabee wants honest reporting from ABC News but we all know honesty doesn't fit the narrative.
Yeah, right. 
Sounds like a wonderful idea!
And he was interviewed by George Stupidnopolis whom was exposed recently for threatening a reporter for threatening to leak stuff he heard on Clinton. Just the threats alone says it was true. He ain’t so pure.
Source or you're just making shit up

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
I won’t be watching ....  I don’t believe a word Comey says .
Speaking of being forthcoming with the American people, how about making that same demand of the White House and the press secretary. Getting sick of the chronic dishonesty.
Oh yes,  we can BET they edited everything!  Course, I don't care cause I refuse to watch @CNN @ABC @NBC @CBS @MSNBC  and any other liberal FAKE NEWS!!
That will never happen. Fake news in the nth degree
Isn't a Deposition, it's a Main-Stream #Presstitute Hit Piece...aimed only at the gullible.
I’m SICK of ABC and the Leftist Media trying to CONTROL POLITICS
Don’t expect MSM ABC to release 5 hours unedited. They favor t Deep State & Swamp. @FoxNews @OANN @JudgeJeanine @Judgenap @LouDobbs
5 HR. OR BUST!!!
Lol Huck they will never do that
Wonder what @ABC will report about this.....
America believes Comey! Trump is done!
Good point !
Better yet, let your amazing daughter interview Comey.  I love Sarah!!!!
The fact that little Georgie boy did the interview tells it all - Who was more underhanded, sneaky and a lying leaker then him and the Clinton mafia. Jimmy and Georgie can relate
Yet, he remembered nothing under oath
GREAT SUGGESTION
If this media was out of the USA they will get shot down for national security they are so lucky that they are here ,
Won’t be watching! My @FoodNetwork shows are on!
Shut uppp
Fwiw @JohnStossel worked 4 ABC . @EVargasABC is leaving ABC in .may . Just in time

What? And disrupt their agenda? Ain’t gonna happen!
Comey testified, under oath, before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June, 2017.  The entire transcript is available online. Read it.
In honor of the good men and women if the FBI,  I will not watch that scum bag. It's time for the FBI to move on now that Lerch is out. Bye bitch.
They don’t have the balls
Please don't tweet about Comey . More important issues in world than making him millionaire
Please don’t subject anyone to that torture. You can recognize his ridiculous lies even when edited
Are you really gonna watch 5 hours? That's a lot of time you'll have to spend away from writing your bad comedy.
Good one.
Agree...Although, I certainly DON’T want hear 5 hours of Comey’s smarmy arrogant BS...give me the gist of the entirety of 5he interview from a respectable source...not ABC.
All his book royalties should be confiscated buy the feds, he lied and stole files ! Prosecute his lanky self serving ass. Make a example out of him
The Justice Dept. should follow the SDNY/Mueller standard - raid ABC in the wee hours for the full tape. If other info collected shows ABC manipulating news esp. pertaining to ongoing investigation then that should be selectively released to all conservative news sites.  Karma!
Brilliant idea! Sadly it would never happen
We need to pray for the miracle of peace
Yeah, we all know how that editing works. Show it all!
COMEY IS A CERTIFIED LIAR!!
NO ONE BELIEVES HIM!! NO ONE THAT STUPID THAT IS!
I'd rather watch paint dry...
