Yes, I do.
I heard that 51% of his supporters support him.
Yes, I do give Trump credit. Liberals however  give credit for all good President Trump has done to the do nothing Obama.
Sure will! That's why we voted! Trump is President! No apology here! God bless President Trump and God bless the United States of America because without the Lord we ain't! 
@realDonaldTrump #NobelPeacePrize #MAGA
I also do not!
I love how you don’t show the current results...’just in case’...
Let's see. the new president of South Korea PROMISED this move long before trump even knew there was never a peace treaty. Trump put our troops there at the highest state of alert and danger since the '60s.
What do you think did the trick?  His awesome choice for ambassador to South Korea?  
Basically, he farted and cleared the room. And then there’s that mountain top - google it. Big Boom-Boom
No
Nope the UN yes, him not a chance!
Well boozing whatever, your name fits you. This president is an achiever and a doer. Gets good stuff done for America.
It does suit me, I'm a partner in a brewery and I have fun! Gets things done? He's passed one piece of legislation in just over a year, a tax bill that benefits people like him! How many resignations? How many firings? How much scandal? A monkey would be better!
No. @realDonaldTrump is worst president ever with zero accomplishments. SAD!!!! #MAGA
Nope. #DotardDonnie
What is the MSM?
Dine
Why show the reverse of the flag?
Did you pay for the fake follows or did they come free when you sign up to collusion?
Hes giving himself credit and begging others to give him credit and paying people to give him credit.... Jesus how much back patting does this man child need?!
Better believe it!
Absolutely!
Yes!  President Trump is Making America Great Again!
No, and what's with the flag,  Rs love to wrap themselves with the American flag,
that DOES NOT make them patriotic.
Who cares about them?
No
Not only does President Trump deserve credit, he deserve the Nobel Peace Prize for facilitating this monumental moment in World History! Without President Trumps heavy sanctions and tough stance, none of this would have happened! #KeepAmericaGreat 
Kim obtained a nuclear arsenal and now feels like he has the cojones to direct diplomatic negotiations, and Trump thinks he deserves some kind of credit?  Has Trump ever had to work for anything of his own without buying, stealing or lying about it?
Absolutely! Our President laid the ground work and got it moving. This president did what other presidents could not do. Why? Because this president has a head for business, not politics. Smart man.

Trump playbook:  I am great.  Lie.    I am great.  Lie.  I am great.  Lie.      I am great.  Lie.  I am great.  Lie.      I am great.  Lie.  I am great.  Lie.      I am great.  Lie.  I am great.  Lie.         I am great.  Lie.  I am great.  Lie.        I am great.  Lie.
And another one....
Lies lies and more lies. Like father like daughter.

YES.
And another one.....
 it was the leadin headline on @CNN this morning.
They probably wrote it, crying, from their crying room.
Um hmm. Good one.

Ok I'll take your poll, just becuz I like you. 
Vote submitted Gov. Huckabee, and we'll be watching you on "TBN" in a few hours too! After taking the POLL, Join US and watch Gov. Huckabee tonight and/or Sunday night @ 8PM ET too America! 

Yes
I give President Trump credit for all positive things happening now. Twitter will not let me open your survey though.
Definitely had some influence but Gov. you know it's way to early to hand out credit yet. Amazing to see this happen in my life time. Enjoy your weekend you crazy guy 
I’d like to respond to Max Stirner but I think his elevator is like Acosta’s “inoperable “.
Yes
Done.
Because he got a nuclear aresenal and now feels like he has the cojones to become active on the diplomatic side?
The New York Times gave him credit yesterday.
no way lol. where?

Nope. Second-most-repulsive Huckabee
Hucklebee
Done!
Can someone please give a substantive explanation of how Trump is even partially responsible for an agreement that he had absolutely nothing to do with?
Ask Obama
Yep.
#thegreatawakening #Adrenochrome #TheStormIsHere #PedoGate #PizzaGate #QAnon #releasethevideo #iamnotasheep @realDonaldTrump @POTUS

You do realize he is going after Amazon because almost all on the list are closing because of the Monopoly has created and cannot compete. He has strongly gone after them and also how Amazon is screwing the Postal service in shipping because they are losing money.
3rd vote ... YES sir!!! ;)
Oooh, a poll. How fun! 

cc:@TeaPainUSA

North Korea expert: https://twitter.com/Robert_E_Kelly/status/990154244257857537 …
Why are you undermining the free press?
Our President did this!!!
He sure doesn't seem to be there.
His Secretary of State was there two weeks ago to make sure that happened, but nice try hater lol.
They've been in talks for many weeks, with major Chinese pressure on Kim, the olympics in February was used as an ice-breaker, but you brown-nosers give credit to a confused guy for tweeting "rocket man".
Yeah it's just Trump supporters saying he deserves credit lol. Here is even CNN admitting that South Korea gives the credit to President Trump

https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/26/world/korea-summit-kang-kyung-wha-amanpour-intl/index.html …

Now apologize for being wrong and try to do better next time.
Not South Korea. One minister. And I'm not impressed by foreigners trying to appeal to Trump's susceptibility to flattery.
Everyone in the world except you is giving President Trump credit, but you go ahead and keep your head buried far far far deep into the sand there bud lol. Wow, just wow.
No. They aren't. They're asking what I'm asking...what did he actually do?
