I'll tell you one huge reason he has to NOT try to get rid of Mueller:
He has to cross Sessions...if he dares to get rid of Sessions, he (Sessions) immediately becomes a civilian..and has no reason to keep Trump's secrets when Mueller comes looking for that long-awaited interview
If you're so sure Trump is innocent, why do you want Mueller fired? Asking for the world.
Well shoot some guy on twitter has solved the whole thing.  Call the white house with your insights genius.
You call it a coup......we call it law and order.
a lawful search warrant issued by a federal judge is not a witch hunt

also, trump should stop flying around on a broom
If Trump is innocent why are Trumpers so mad?
That what happens when you break the law the Fbi comes calling.
U had a zero tolerance for BHO's admin ever referencing GWB's admin as a benchmark of progress, problems, policy etc. Yet you never stop with the HRC referencess. She lost! DJT is the president, not her!  Repubs have the house and senate and (obviously) the cabinet. Ur point?
Half the Repubs R Rinos. They all like being millionaires& don't want it 2 change. They didn't expect Trump 2 win. How R these politicians so rich on government salaries?
And you really think Trump is in this for any reason other than to cash in? He's been systematically and directly ripping off the Treasury his entire term. Nor did he expect to win either. His run started as a brand-building exercise.
I think if Trump wanted money he'd be taking the salary 4 being president as well, but he declined 2 take the money unlike the rest besides JFK. He didn't get paid either.
I hear you; but I think he was referring not to the $400K salary, but to the longer play on enriching himself through relationships, having everyone stay at Mar a Lago and Trump hotels.  That scale of enrichment is 100’s of millions to billions
His family benefits too. Jared Kushner received a mystery $1.2 billion bailout for 666 5th Ave. the other day. If you think someone would do that out of the kindness of their hearts, to someone not connected to POTUS, I have an office building to sell you.
If there were any little thing wrong in these transactions, believe me the left would B all over it & Kushner would B indicted in a heartbeat. They're looking 4 anything 2 get back at Trump 4 winning
I’m just not ready to close the book on this based on POTUS’ bluster. Mueller is methodical and careful. A case, or the dismissal of one, takes a great deal of work. I’m willing to wait.
You really are becoming more dense as you age there...former Governor...This search warrant was approved by a judge.  It was brought forth by a Trump appointee.  Had to show probable cause of A CRIME.  Coup d'etat?  WTAFAYS.
It's called due process.
If he didn't have your daughter as press secretary, would you be this subservient?
You are not funny.
A coup is overthrowing an electing leader by force.

Donald is simply being subject to the exact same laws as every other American.

Just so happens he's broken an awful lot of very important laws.

It's called justice.
@LindseyGrahamSC l
said that if trump fires Mueller, he will be impeached.
The Clinton's invested heavily on uncovering illicit information on many, many top people in Washington. No one would dare expose or attempt to uncover anything having to do with the Clinton's or Obama.This FBI action is SO embarrassing. It exposes FBI impropriety.
If they ever do raid any Clinton properties it will be as if the couple never existed. They've been given so long to burn anything that could look like evidence. Can't even be got for destruction of evidence since our broken justice system hasn't even charged them with anything.
More fake news from you
Sweet Jaysus Gov Fuckabee!

Disinform much?!

Your ability to skew the rule of law according to the US constitution and other legal decisions in this country is worthy of Russia's highest honor.

Putin must be proud!
hey Mike and Donald- IT IS CALLED LAW AND ORDER!  Read up on it! DJT will have lots of time soon! PRISON!
Abuse of power yesterday shows we are turning into a banana republic.  What's next?  Rounding us up to be taken to a soccer stadium.
Huck. When are you going to live in the present of life?  You and you cronies ALWAYS have to live in the past.     We (most) Americans will probably remember the past, but prefer the future. Live now.            We try to forget YOUR PAST!!!
the rest of the emails were turned over to FBI & russians known to trump hacked her lawyers email. trump lawyer was a legal search warrant from a fed judge hillary's were stolen by russian friends of trump. trump confidant knew the SOB's that hacked our election [roger stone]
Maybe the public should be informed on the reason behind why all government business is done on specific meens of communication devices. And the requirements for holding a certain security level clearance.
Your lying daughter is going down with trump!
Because in the real world she did not commit a crime.
If this is a fart joke then it’s your best material yet. Keep going. Really let it rip.

Don't comment on the law if you don't understand the law. Cohen is accused of committing crimes. To get a warrant for Cohen's office, the AUSA (appointed by Trump) provided evidence establishing probably cause that evidence of the crime is in Cohen's office. #DeleteYourAccount
You miss the point. There is evidence of HRC crime. She is above the law. Are you?
No, you missed the point. Whether or not HRC committed a crime is irrelevant to raiding an attorney's office. A warrnat is only granted if there is evidence that the attorney committed a crime or aided in the furtherance of a crime. No evidence of HRC's lawyer committing a crime.
OR if much of the system is corrupt and in my very humble opinion, at the very least, much of it is.
Corruption starts at the top - the most corrupt individual in the government is sitting in the oval office.
WRONG!  That's a stupid statement. Corruption starts where ever it starts.  The reason they are after him so hard is because they are covering up their corruption.There is NO OTHER reason.
An administration is set by the TONE AT THE TOP. This is how management works. Corruption doesn't work up, it works down. Republicans are in charge of the WH, congress, and the courts. Trumps OWN appointees are after him. Get your facts straight.
Myself and millions of others happen to think Trump is doing an amazing job!  With very little help. I plan to vote for him in 2020 as well.  He is an amazing, brilliant, hard working, honest, HUMAN who isn't perfect. Just like the rest of us.  Corruption runs wild.
What say you @GovMikeHuckabe ?
NEW:  Sources tell us that Mueller has evidence Cohen was in Prague in 2016, confirming part of the dossier http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/white-house/article208870264.html …
Why are Hillary and the rest of her associates in crime, untouchable??
A coup d’etat is not happening and won’t happen because we have a constitution and patriotic citizens of all faiths and political beliefs would stand up against it. However we do want this investigation to continue because no one is above the law.
No we the people who believe in faith and political system are at end of our rope here and we want this end.     Why is the BITCH lying Obama, Cinton , Rice, Lynch not being investigated
Yes, let’s hold her lack of legal troubles against her

They obtained a warrant by going through a Trump appointed US attorney and a Federal judge. Here is the 4th amendment:
Oh please. You cheerled  for the witch hunt against Mrs. Clinton
You should be use to breaking wind... that's all that spews from @PressSec 's mouth.
Hey Mike, arent you embarrassed that your daughter is fat, has a crooked face and lies for the pig-in-chief?
Only due to trumos lawyer Cohen admitting to what is seemingly an illegal campaign donation by paying off trumps porn fling.
Where was probable cause you horses ars ?  How many years was was HRC under investigation by that kangaroo court? No criminality uncovered.
Damn it Mike, almost broke a leg getting to the TV
Last I heard, you had to break the law to have your office & residence raided.
Pfft... details
You’re gross. Go away.
Crazy times
Crazy crimes
@lonepatrick @evilzoraklives @Magdalena0113 It's called a search warrant!
His sense of "humor" makes it easy to understand how he wound up with a son who kills dogs.
Drumpf was the coup d'etat.  Those opposing  puppet are the counter coup.
Where is our Attorney General.   I want this investigation stopped and I want Mueller and his team fired so this country can get back to normal.
Well, make it happen!  Enough sarcasm!
Moron. Traitor.  Asshole.
Damn, can't we all just get along !?!? #butheremails!!!
That was cruel I thought you were serious I got excited
Two tiered justice system there is plenty of evidence that Top Security violations on the hard drive would be enough to send her away for years.  #ClintonKnew about #ObamaGate
Get out of the flipping past  We have a delusional, unstable President in office who is money hungry and his family is passing info for money .  Wake up !!!  Our country is being destroyed before our eyes and you talk Hillary !
I fart in your general direction.... which makes more sense than your ungrounded subjective opinion based on emotion:
Troll
Please don't call people names.  I think you trying to bully me.
Troll !!
Wouldn’t it be great though?  It’s purely disgusting that there is a double standard.  Will there ever be justice
IN MY OPINION Hillary/Obama suspected of TREASON & don't think Trump even's comes close to anything like this.  FEEL most of things against TRUMP are made up by legal/corrupted MINES in Dem Party.  WAKE UP DEM VOTER'S & REPLACE YOUR LEADERS IN WASH!  MAKE your Party HONEST again
Your use of caps should be investigated by the special counsel.
YES, bring them on.  If I got investigated, it would bring SHAME on the Veterans Administration, Fed Civil Service & our Military in the way they medically treated veterans in the 60's & 70's.  YES, PLEASE BRING THEM ON.  I BEG SOMEONE TO DO THAT.
Ok we have moved on from mysteries capitalization usage to cognition in your writing.
I feel I to pretty good for someone who was seriously injured in Military & told that they would DIE.  NOT many survive the type of injury I had.  DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT IT WAS?  It might make you think differently.
Brain injury?
Sure. You got me hooked.
There is 10 years of my life that I can't remember much because of the improper medications the VA was giving me. I was told by an attorney "sure, sue them & win but they will get you in the end".  So I left AZ at the advice of that attorney

Its time to fire Muller. He was investigating Russian Collusion, not if his lawyer paid a stripper off for a table dance! Even if he did, I don't think he is the first! Can Muller he crossed the line
Your ignorance of the law, and how it applies in this situation, is epic! Instead of parroting untruths and misinformation, spend some time edifying yourself.
Gestapo Tactics! We’re at war with the Left, Guv
Did the Gestapo get search warrants? That would be news to me.
Why don’t you put a muzzle on your son Sarah Huckelbutt!
Great one grandpa why don't u eat crap
Talk like that is very dangerous. You should be ashamed of yourself. 

The president is not above the law.
Oh but KILLIARY and Obummer are?? Your STUPIDITY shines brightly!!
Guess what? Hillary faced 11 hours of testimony and multiple investigations. Your weak guy wants a take home test. Maybe if Cohen didn't potentially break campaign finance and bank fraud laws, and if Trump didn't potentially okay those things, this wouldn't happen.
She got a sweet deal testifying off the record with her lawyer , and couldn’t remember shit
And Jeff Sessions can't recall to the best of his recollection.
None of them colluded with a hostile nation to overthrow our election.
Ya &it’s bullshit we the real Americans r tired of seeing real corruption not b investigated why this witch hunt on r great president keeps going on.on alleged charges from a porn stare they go right over attorney Client privilege witch has nothing2 do with Russia’s investigation
Dear lord you are insane.
You're "breaking wind!"
What can we do to help?
Love watching and hearing you on television as well as your beautiful daughter she is so intelligent.
Are you living in an alternate reality?
This is mike huckabee’s other account
Oh, I could see it happening. Unfortunately, she would get a 10 day notice to hammer, bleach bit, burn, drowned, suicide, any incriminating evidence.
Pray daily for the President.  Ask God to put a hedge of protection around him.  We, as Christians, have a duty and obligation to keep him surrounded in God's light.  God will take care of the evil ones.  Sound the trumpets.
God doesn't want anything to do with that vile orange idiot and he won't want much to do with anyone evil enough to support him either. You do realize he has pretty much broken every fucking commandment right?
Christian, my ass!
They did take computers & servers you idiot! Damn you people are just completely fucking stuck on stupid. No wonder the rest of the world hates us
Too bad you never pursued an education to keep you from typing stupid like this.
This is not true and you know it. Please quit spreading lies and fake news.

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
If anyone knows about breaking wind, it’s you!!! #fatass 
You sir, are as ignornat as your buddy, the doucheweasel #Traitor pretenting to be @POTUS - try buying your daughter's soul back, or maybe get help for your son the dog torturer...in other words, it is the old stones/glass houses thing.  Do you even know what 'coupd'etat means?
Jesus wasn't afraid to be put on trial. Or so we've been told.
Finally a real President and look at the FBI, Muller hired by daddy Bush..Where is all the Republicans standing behind the President...
Fleeing like rats from a stinking, sinking ship in a man-made swamp.
When you break wind, you are more credible. You truly are an ignoramus.
You are turning a lot of people away from Christianity. There is nothing Christ like about your demeanor and your mocking hatred towards those you consider "enemies." Beatitudes. Not a fan of HRC, nor Obama, nor Trump. And certainly not of you either.
This type of stuff is part of the problem in our country.
A coup d’etat. That’s just precious. #BlueWaveComing2018 #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw
No this coup has been underway for sometime.
Wait, is Hillary president!?
Dream on, Gov. dog-killing Daddy

@realDonaldTrump is a sitting president @HillaryClinton isn’t.   She doesn’t have influence like he does and I don’t think if she was president she would be paying porn actors
#Huckabee #trump #Mueller #FBI #FBIraid #MAGA #FoxNews #ImpeachTrump
The orange shitgibbon committed treason.  
Also, your son tortured and killed a dog.
Bullseye ! The American Voters won’t allow the unlawful on the Hill to hold America hostage! Keep on keeping on until the doors are opened up and the truth is found!
Can we get some help getting mueller a happy and moving on pill? Coups don’t end well!
Your scared you and your daughter will be fired....you need to ask God for forgiveness....your a sick old man.
Yup!
Darn!  I was all excited. 
By the Republicans dude. Pence will be President in less than six months me thinks.
Still hoping pence will go down as well.
You’ll be ineffectively screaming “Hillary boo hoo boo hoo” when Trump’s thrown in the slammer. You have ZERO defense of the Clown in Chief. ZERO. So hark back to Hillary. Insanity.
Hahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
Agree Governor Huckabee! Pay back is going to be hell!!
Counterintelligence/Criminal Investigation...
Hahahahaha, no.  So much for the party of law and order.  Or is it, that law and order only matters in regards to minorities and the poor?  I'm going to go with the latter.
Breaking wind from mike huckabee! That’s it folks, all he did today was fart. Oh wait, never mind, that’s more than he usually accomplishes.
Are you in the midsts of a severe mental crisis? Do we need to call someone for you? Or are your outbursts just family pattern mental issues? @GovMikeHuckabee 

The POTUS is NOT above the law!

It’s almost like there is convincing evidence that one of them comitted federal crimes and the other didn’t.
Hillary’s not under investigation, you lunatic. I’m guessing they’ve got something on Sarah. Only explanation for Mike’s unhinged ravings. Reminder, Mike. Lying is a sin. #FakeChristian
Please...
Oh thank God!  Hopefully he’ll be out on his ear within a week!  
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #HuckabeeHypocrites
Respectfully Mr Huckabee you are far from impartial in this matter.  The only one undermining our Republic is Donald Trump and his uninformed minions.
Nah is called Rule of Law... If you don't like how this works there is always Russia or some other countries that like living under dictators....

You need to have your d’état couped you backwards fake.

stop trying to rile up Americans, are you thinking of Syria?
Thank you!! Now if every Republican Sen., & Congressperson would stand for this President maybe we could stop this inquisition & witch hunt.
WRONG!
I fear the worst of man is at work
So it’s a coup d'etat of Trump, but it would be Justice if it was Hillary. I see how that little brain is turning today. 
Jesus h Christ on a cracker. I’m getting whiplash between the “our guy won” crowd and the “impeach Hillary” crowd. Make up your damn minds.
You're breaking wind, all right.
The coup d’etat was the Moron @realDonaldTrump being elected. #illegitimatepresident
He’s worried his daughter will have to move home because she won’t be able to find another job after all the lies she’s told on tv.
She is toast, all credibility flushed away
What a sad day for our country. This is SO ILEGAL!
They Impeach @realDonaldTrump That is WAR 
@POTUS 
#MAGA
#Qanon
#WWG1WGA
Drama queens going down!  “Oooooh poor me!!! I wrote in all caps and they won’t believe me.  WAH UNFAIR.”  See you in hell.
Why ..why.  How crooked is the DOJ
fool.
Who has been, and continues to betray President Trump?
Then MAKE IT HAPPEN!  Simple!

We do not have a justice department. We will never have it until we name these traitors enemies of the state and send them to Gitmo. They do not believe in our laws. Treason! Don't fire. Send the marshalls after them
Correct. Everyone involved should be tried for treason.
You mean the Trump appointees?
What are you and Sarah hiding?  Why do you encourage lying.  Isn’t lying a sin?
Rule of law is a wonderful thing if you follow the law
Didn't happen because there was never evidence produced that a judge needed to approve a warrent. I thought a former governor would be smart enough to know the laws better. Well we see where sarah gets her stupidity from now don't we.  
Real Republicans enforcing the rule of law. POTUS appointees obviously realize that there is something to look at.
Trump will Triumph over this traitors
Wishes
Breaking wind is perfect description for what comes from your mouth.

#TrumpCorruption  #GOPCorruption  #GovBreakWindBreath
The Collusion News Network needs to be removed from cable subscribers and ignored
https://twitter.com/tsgnews/status/983482270299369472 …

Stop your whataboutism. It's sickening.
Geoffrey Berman, the US Atty who signed off on the Michael Cohen search warrants, is:
* A Republican
* A @realdonaldtrump appointee…
Speaking of breaking wind.
You are disparaging our judicial system and FBI all because of your partisan BS. You think your kind are above the law. You're a sickening creature. Happy Tuesday.
BREAKING: European Commission raids British headquarters of Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox; reason unknown - UK's Telegraph
You have no idea what evidence was presented. Therefore you literally have no idea what you're talking about.

I guess that hasn't stopped you in the past though.

The desperate & coordinated ravings & LIES of GOP/RW assholes & demagogues like @GovMikeHuckabee @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity & all only prove how terrified they all are of the FULL exposure of the …
You supported a criminal
Mike,

You are a bitter so-called minister! I hope you don't lead a congregation.

If you want SLEAZY Donald treated fairly, then maybe you can persuade him to stop acting above the LAW!

All actions taken yesterday against Trump were carried out by REPUBLICANS.
And we’re mad as heck about it!!!!!
Maybe you should join him along with your lying daughter.
What did you do Huck to sell your soul to the corrupt, treason Trump Administration?
But you'd be okay if that had happened to Hillary's attorney. And you'd be ok w that because u have to protect the family business: your lying daughter @PressSec & your access 2 #PresidenteSlumlord @realDonaldTrump. U r a disgrace as a parent, an alleged person of faith.
What is wrong with those in power, DEMAND equal justice!
Please stop - you’re just embarrassing yourself. Every day.  You’re not funny.  You’re a very sad little man.
Governor I think Hillary's investigation is against the law
You stand up for the interests of a potentially criminal White House before you stand for the good heritage of your country and our legal system.
Many people are saying that HRC has been investigated by republicans for years, you know like a real witch hunt. Many people are also saying you are a #FakeChristian
What a douce bag. . .
So you cheer it if it happens to a political opponent but condemn it when it happens to a political ally?  You’re just as much a fraud as Rachel Maddow.
What a stupid analogy.  Evidence of a crime is required. You were a governor?  #LockHimUp #TraitorTrump
How do you stop this. The corruptions fangs have gone so deep .
Not funny Gov. Just stupid. Although I think you're a christian charlatan who selectively chooses his values based upon party affiliation and whether or not someone praises your precious @PressSec , still thought you were a bit smarter than that.
You misspelled "Rule of Law".
Let the liberals frolic in the fields dandelions for now.   tic.. tic.. tic
No coup gov. Criminal investigation. If there were no evidence there'd be no investigation. Compare to why Obama wasn't investigated by special counsel - no evidence of wrongdoing; just allegations, lies, and baseless conspiracy theories.
How long of this nonsense before the people rise up Mike? How long will we put up with the swamp before we take matters into our own hands?
The swamp has swallowed itself.
Did you raise your daughter to be a bold face lier?
Sarcasm...you're doing it wrong.
Huckabee is unfit to serve ,
speaking of breaking wind, this dated  video clip demonstrates who the real farthead is
Question for a formerly responsible ex-gov and current Fox pundit attempting to boost his ratings at the price of further polarizing the country he supposedly loves. When you look in the mirror in the morning ask yourself...what’s the difference between me and a Russian troll?
But what about the emails! But what about the emails! Haha. She's not president, give it up. 

It must suck having to show support for @realDonaldTrump even though the majority of the planet does not. 

It's a family affair with your daughter having to protect him with more lies.
What ARE you taking about? A fake account with over 400k followers? Proof?

Breaking news: If you don’t want to be raided or have your property seized then don’t break the law. Criminals face consequences for their crimes every day in this country. You only disagree when it’s Dirty Don and his incompetent thugs who are held accountable. You’re pathetic.
Ignoramus.
I've a sneaky feeling the last laugh Mike, will be on you and yours.
The hypocrisy is stunning!
This is not a Coup, it is law enforcement doing their job.
Unfortunalety, you and the @GOP decided to support a lying, American Traitor for President.... How is that workign for you all??!! 
Only very stupid people (like yourself and the @GOP leadership) believe this is a Coup...
I'm hoping that the powers to be won't just roll over and wet themselves. Take action, and stop this witch hunt! INACTION IS STILL A ACTION.
Liar

you were a governor?....scary.  Oh, and while I have you, was it you that taught your daughter to lie with such ease?  Hard to imagine lying would be genetic.
Trumb keeps babbling about Hillary too. You both should testify, under oath, to Mueller, about all the proof you have against her. I'm quite sure they will believe you and take immediate action.  After all, you will be under oath & wouldn't lie?
... Mike, Mike, your analogies and lies are on par with your President's. I know you are thankful God is a forgiving God. ...
Talk about breaking wind! . . . bulbous, waddling gasbag refers to American rule of law as coup d'etat.
Time for  Trump to man up & not #CadetBoneSpurs quiver! He's making Nixon look like an alter boy.
Shouldn't you be Tweeting about pandas right now? Here's a photo for you.
I say it and think it whenever he hits the tweet button.

Do you either of you dotards know WHY that never happened.
Because all the bullshit that happened to Hillary was to hurt her political career.
She never did anything illegal, and she was questioned many times by Congressional committees and the FBI.
I didn't know mimMikee huckabee did federal law enforcement humor

Wow

Its not good

But it is good to follow your dreams
Good job Mike 
America’s worst family, or America’s worstiest family?
Dear Mike: I can't believe I'm the first to tell you this but......
HILLARY CLINTON IS NOT THE PRESIDENT
...sorry, bro
You know why, nothing to look in there, give it up, you are desperate.
