On "take your child to work day", @PressSec with the help of her two children, takes questions in the White House Press Room. #TakeYourChildToWorkDay 
So cute!
always working to unify the country aren't you Mike?    so 'Christian' of you
Mike's no Christian--he's an Evangelical, and that's a cultural identity movement that has nothing to do with the teachings of Jesus. Don't make Mike uncomfortable by insinuating he has the responsibility of being a Christian.
Room full of kids.  No change from any other day.
Great job Press Secretary ! I don’t recall Obama’s having this much fun??
Fun?  You call this fun?  It’s a friggin embarrassment
Oh, stuff it!
Wow.  That was brave
Did your grand kids at least tell the truth?  Your daughter doesn't.
Go soak@your head Pattie 
Glueck.   Lol lol
Oh, look, a bot trying to insult me by saying something nonsensical.
You didnt go to help kid sit, Gov Mike?
Where’s @davidhogg111
So cute!
So how did they do? I bet they didn't let anyone say mean things to their Mom.
Love it, Mike. Where are that drip Acosta's kids? Does he have any? Even they would be innocent and beautiful...I'm sure.
Why would you say the regular bunch is immature? Is it because they operate as journalists and not as fawning propagandists? Is it to distract from the fact that graduates from Ouachita Baptist University are so slyly adept at finding refuge in situational ethics?
Yes much better people.
Love Ur daughter! Keep up the good work!
The best resolution for fake journalists like @Acosta @CNN is take away their WH privileges refuse them entry.
Good idea comrad.
Yes, let’s just fill the room with Fox & throw in a few Breitbart reporters.  That should work nicely.
Much better than #FakeNewsCNN & @Acosta. #RedTsunami2018 #MAGA #YUGE
FFS.  Get a grip
 . Please stop watching the #FakeNews. Cry me a river #snowflake

#RedTsunami2018 bye  Bluewave
Seem?
Are.
& always will be.
#MediaCult
Interesting.  Will they be following in their mother's footsteps and responding to legitimate questions with obfuscation and lies, or just distracting us with some cards they made out of construction paper and macaroni?
Yer so dern funny making fun of them jernalists. They should take some jernalizing lessons from this fella.
Journalism isn't work. Hell, it's not even journalism anymore.
Pity if your Daughters children follow her as a role model.
this is the bullying you say is so bad.  do better.
A lot more mature.
It is amazing what adults supervision will do for petulant children.

@Acosta 

#getrightorbeleft
They would be better than what's normally in there
With your daughter there it was clown for a day.
Such a shame that you set a poor example for children with your negative comments about the press. Freedom of the press is important to provide checks on the government. It's also guaranteed by the First Amendment.
And the kids have much more serious questions to ask ,I am sure of that .
It looks like a fun event but you can’t resist hurling insults. I bet those children aren’t angry and bitter like you.
A normal day in the White House Press Room - full diapers, tantrums and lots of crying . 
Maxine Waters mother’s took her to work today. She pouted and stayed in the car
I bet they ask important questions
Way better manners!
Love it
Cute and smart just like their grandpa
This was beautiful to watch, and you are right! The children were much better behaved than the press- and good questions too!
Gov. Your daughter remind me of my three. They are beautiful and loaded with sassagassity.
Was baby Trump invited or did he stay in day care?
Cool
You are rude and crude.
I am sure they are way better than the press secretary . Loved seeing her lie her eyes  out about Ronny and no one backed her up. You obviously didn’t know how to raise her.
Wow! What an awesome experience!
Cnn finally has some good journalist in the room !!!
THSE PRECIOUS CHILDREN'S THM R THE FUTURE OF UR COUNTRY LET'S PROTECTS THM FRM BN BRAIN WASHED BY THSE TENEBROUS MARXIST-LENINIST LOOSERS
I applaud Sarah’s courage since the press has not been kind to her. Hopefully in front of her kids they will act like adults .
If only little jimmy Acosta could watch and learn.he needs a spankin
#Releasethetexts
You mean they ask questions snow ball like Fox News. . Mr president ,your worship,we are not worthy we are not worthy
The corruption of the young
Adorable.
Absolutely love Sarah Sanders .  Best press Secretary ever!!!
A definite upgrade with that press corps.
Is she teaching them lie like she does every day?
I’ll bet that was a zoo. The fun kind .
Sooo cute!
They'll be so embarrassed when they're old enough to realize they come from a family of sycophants and liars.
Demonize & divides Fox thing.
Gov. I hope Acosta was nice. He wasn’t able to be at the Easter egg hunt
So adorable
You must be so proud Gov.! Praying for you and your family.  Blessings.

You raised an amazing, strong woman, sir. Be proud! :-)
2 more liars you mean?
That's just wrong what kind of person are you go look in the mirror their kids are you evil
Did @PressSec pass on the Huckabee family tradition of lying for money? I sure hope not.
Do they like to torture dogs like your son too?
Leave your CHILD at home please. Forever.
Adorable
Honorable Americans don't attack the press, f***face.
This is also "Teach Your Daughter to Lie" Day.  You get a gold medal.
The children are WAY more grown up then the adults.
looks like they filled the room with kids a grade or two younger than the normal reporters.

YOUR RIGHT   I LIKE YOUR DAUGHTER SHE DOES A GREAT JOB WITH ALL THOSE BABY REPORTERS

@dougmillsnyt I'm sure it won't stop that cow from lying to them, Mike.
Another sign that real 'we the people' are working in the WH!
Yes, the media is so immature with their contant critical questions.  Maybe you should only take Fox reporters to say important things like how great Trump is, and how pretty your daughter looks....
critical questions like. "what did he mean by breeding"
as if the term has never been used outside of sex.
then repeatedly asking the same question
then repeatedly asking the same question
then repeatedly asking the same question slightly differently expecting a new answer...
At least they may be more reliable to answer questions with truth
Yes apparently it's do-as-i-say-not-as-i-do day for the reporters and their kids!
If you really want to see an adult act like a child, or more accurately, a raving loon, watch Trump on Fox & Friends, from this morning.
Little @Acosta will need a blankie and sippy cup soon or he will throw a tantrum on the WH lawn later.
only after big Acosta does it first.
Loving that Liberal "tolerance"! 
Teaching them how to lie at an early age. 
A Huckabee tradition
Don't be ridiculous! He can never lie more than @HillaryClinton! 
Really ?
Hillary ?
She’s gone...
Adios
Walking the woods
Enjoying life
Her grandkids
The ocean
Traveling the world

Hopefully she will always haunt your dreams.
Aww, sound's like you are really happy for "her" NOT being @POTUS. 
Awesome...I hope your Grandkids follow in your shoes! Need more wonderful Americans like you, Sir. Thank you!!
The should be ashamed of the lying and scolding

Because children haven’t built walls and refusal to listen yet. Really sad
Are you going to teach your grandkids to torture dogs, too?
