By appearing you legitimize the illegitimate.
Why is democrat automatically left while conservatives are automatically good ? 70 % of the world is center and doing great. Conservatives still live in the old days and doing....bad. Just look around .
I have noticed that most of the people on this thread are ridiculous. If you don't like gay marriage dont get married to a gay if you don't like abortion dont have one. But damn sure dont tell others how to live
Nah. It's cause you're chicken shit
Paul warned the Corinthians to not hang out with unbelievers .
Jesus hung out with a prostitute and tax collector. He even spoke to the Samaritans when they were outcasts . Love thy neighbor?
Ex prostitute and ex tax collector . It’s not your make and model, is the continuous so that leads to death
When Jesus met them they were still in that lifestyle. It was AFTER knowing him that they changed. So.
Yes exactly. The tax collector is Mathew , one of his apostles.  The ex prostitute; no one really knows . Some say it’s Mary magdelin, but that Gregorian theory. Jesus calls us to repent of our sins, and believe in him. For some, like me, it takes time.
Sorry people ask this of you, you can’t learn or educate if you never speak with those with whom you disagree.
Many on the left politically are ok people they just have polluted politics, which If not corrected will ruin this great experiment in government
I think that you are very privileged and you fail to see
I probably shouldnt say this..but I have to... I CANT STAND BILL MAHER!!
I probably shouldn't say this, but you don't have to watch him.
Haha!! Believe me I would NEVER again 
I don't blame you. I feel the same way about Sean Hannity.
Ahhh that too bad cuz Sean Hannity is a class act guy, unlike Bill Maher.
I wouldn't go near that evil,  hateful guy.
Makes me hate him a little less
Right is right.
 
You got my vote!
 
Go ahead and follow me back and DM if you have any ideas for cartoons or memes.
 
Love bringin' ideas to life for other KAGs!
bill maher's not a liberal; he just likes pot and thinks george bush is stupid
No, he's a liberal. He just isn't a SJW, fortunately.
Sickening. Go knit something.
So he doesn't always say what you expect him to say.  That's because he doesn't blindly follow - the way Republicans blindly follow Trump.
The view isn't a "liberal show". Conservative and other viewpoints are always represented, as well.
@billmaher is as liberal as Hitler's Grandpa
Your common ground is green
You have a good point.
You are brave and must have a strong stomach. Also low blood pressure.
I know why because you’re a money grabber hypocrite. #BlueWave
Okay no one said there isn't any common ground , I just think that in order to find that common ground we have come with an open mind
Maher is a Libertarian not a liberal.  There is a difference.
I dont like his views on most things, but one thing he does is stand up for Free Speech. I just wish more people were like that.

I'm glad you do.  You might convert one occasionally. You never know when you plant a seed
Hey, I live in MA. I love everyone too. God bless you
Syfm please tRump
You conveniently neglected to mention that all three liberal panelists disagreed with Maher and that a boycott is a fundamental 1st amendment right.  And I think I know why talk show hosts appear on other talk shows, stirring the pot for their $$$$$.
Because we are American citizens No Matter what
Takes guts Governor and that you have!
The same way that Some one Come to fixing my House I am never know Who They're far left or right or independent
It is important to keep dialogue open
It’s because Liberals are just Republican-Lites. They are pro choice, pro weed, pro woman/gay rights Republicans. As far as US Empire/Capitalist Excess/Hegemony/Military go, they are the same as you Conservatives. You guys just suck a bit worse. SOCIALISM ftw. 

@billmaher , unlike you, has principles.  His view on this subject, unlike yours, remains the same regardless of the wronged party.  Your opinion seems to change based on trying to score political points.  Shame on you, #hypocrite !!
Mike
Jeff sessions 
Needs to fire Rosenstein
Tomorrow morning...
Mueller is way out of his mandate
No longer doing the job he was put there to do...
These 2 are obstructing Justice
Along wit Comey ....yes !

I’m sorry Governor, but Bill Maher’s brief moments of sanity do not change my mind about that nasty man.
I for one am drifting more and more to your position, just by needing to deal with the crybaby SJW's on here everyday! It's enough to turn Karl Marx into Ronald Reagan!
Unfortunatly urnot the true conservative of Christian of Jesus from Palastian. U r just fake, u r daughter lie everyday in whitehouse podium to make a living in the most rich nation on earth. I have 2 girls I tell them every day to be a true human being and conservative Christian

Does Bill also have a son that kills dogs, like you? #NationalPetDay
Bill Maher can be a great host....he just needs to book a balanced crew for his show.  When that happens, it’s very good! Hope u are a regular.   @billmaher
Both liking Pizza is not common ground.
Should be called a Real waste of time!! He lived at the Playboy club all those years!! Now he’s a Politician!! Loser
Reasonable people can talk to each other and respect other points of view
I can see it, you and Maher are both oblivious to how painfully unfunny you are
It is imperative that we seek common ground
We all need to find common ground.  Good needs to win against evil.  We can all get back to bickering later.
I know Mike gotta mask the BULLSHIT somehow ..
Are you on commons ground with trump sexual abusing women ...
There is nothing wrong, but everything right, for you to use any platform, to inform the public of facts.
Totally agree!
Okay. I guess we all breathe air and drink water
The truth goes where it goes...even through the valley of death....March on  soldier
Also, neither of you is funny.
