This coming from a guy who mistakenly thought he was so popular he should run for president.
The entitlements which were started and expanded under every administration for votes.  And they let heath care run rampant by not enforcing antitrusts laws that are on the books with precident cases and they continue to fail the people and the Constitution
I don’t listen to polls...don’t believe in them. They are for fun, like reading comics. I just do my homework & go VOTE, which I did today! #VOTERED2018 #MAGA 
You must be so proud of your boss! He can’t even spell! He is shadey it shady or both? Lol
How to build a Democrat: start with a Conservative, then remove all logic and accountability.
Maybe the wave is going backward? 
Well that would be better! A tsunami!
It is one! But it’s rushing backwards back out to the sea as we reclaim America’s land and people.
But then it comes back bigger and stronger then ever! Just like now! See you in November
WHILE "FIGURES" CERTAINLY DONT LIE, BUT LIARS SURE IN THE HELL CAN &DO "FIGURE" &MANIPULATE~
LOOK HOW WRONG liberals HAVE BEEN~(&HOW WRONG "WE'VE" BEEN TO TRUST THEM
THANK GOD & ALL OF U.S. PATRIOTS THAT WE SELF-GOVERN-
IN GOD WE TRUST :-) -NEVER liberals :'(
Seriously? Do you go to one or more eeekly brainwashi g services at your house of trump worship?
The polls always got your story right ... you lost ...
This so called blue wave is going to be overrun by a RED rampage in November..

Get ready mikey. The blue wave is coming.
Thankfully the media is not what you do Governor. What channel will you be on later? The one with minimal viewership?
The channel they put on at the nursing homes, to help out with nap time. 
You sound a little worried, Huckster ....
You should caution people not to kill dogs.
Well they never gave up on the polls till the very end in 2016, so I expect the same thing to happen.  
#ridetheredwave

Amen!
Just can’t see a blue way happening.  People are aware.
The Blue Tsunami is coming and will sweep the fascists and the American Taliban out to sea!
Nice
The liberal media can take a bug-ripple and make it into a tsunami!
Trump likes to leak information! Leak! Lol
The so called "blue wave" is more like Roto-Rooter. " And away goes trouble down the drain."
Perfect.
But your comments are okay? You sold your soul to the Antichrist, @POTUS. Shouldn't your handle be NYHick?
I commented on a concept. The OP spew hatred toward a person. HUGE difference. I guess you wouldn't understand that since you are the same type of hateful #resist liberal.
All you liberals have is hatred toward people of a different perspective. The name calling is juvenile. #Blocked
I gave my life to Christ Jesus many years ago. The only anti-Christ there is, is those like you who cannot accept a duly elected president. You & your kind are a threat to our Republic.
No more of a threat than those who allow Donnie boy to lie to them everyday. Or those who give his character a pass. Most corrupt, vile, laziest, unintelligent president we've ever had.
God bless President Trump! MAGA! 
The blue wave is Tide Pod drool

Right, don't listen to predictions, and here's MY prediction. Genius.
guess ryan had to finally learn to say Trump's name...he sure wouldn't right after he won the nomination
Agreed

Try again Assclown.
Dems have gained at least 50 seats formerly held by Repugs.

I thought you were some sort of preacher? Isn't lying a sin?
I hope President Trump can stay in power for the entire 2 Terms! Americans are so fortunate to have such an amazing leader.

Yeah Dems are running into Stormy Weather.
Blue dribble
Boiii bye  sound just as ridiculous as 45
Translation: polls are useless until they favor Republicans then they aren't.
As proven in the 2016 election.
Trump is ebbing....man is a disaster
You mean you will vote in April 2019? The best news all day. Don't forget to tell that to everyone you know.
You are such a fake.  Gov. Mike is all American. Someone you can count on and trust. Who loves our country.

#GodBlessAmerica 
#leader
Keep up calling them out! I think it helps.
With any luck maybe the blue wave will take you and your lying daughter with it!!!
the media is not addicted to horse races its just that they've had to follow an ass around for awhile now....
Interesting.  I always caution people to be careful about putting their faith in hypocritical politicians ( like yourself) who wear Christianity like a badge for optics but their actions don’t follow the Word of God.
A year before? They can't even get it right 2 weeks out.
There may be a Blue Wave, but watch for the Red Tsunami!
In the sense that you're triggered by something instead of feed over time by ambient conditions?
Their will be a blue wave your just in denial about it.
Not sure why the great scholars of polls couldn’t just look & know Trump would win. Took eyes nothing genius about it. But Sabato, Luntz, Rove  etc etc just knew it took a genius. I say to Hillary “ What Happened ? You believed The pollsters & sit on your A$$.. yep you did

BREAKING BREAKING! 

I can't believe my eyes!…
Polls are for the weak minded.
I stepped in a blue puddle the other day here in AR
Thank you, Govna!!!  #MAGA
Desperate?
Nah, the blue wave is helical, a spiral of Dem Destiny...
Pay no attention to "polls"...
Sent messages to Meghan Kelly numerous times that 2016 polls were way off, Trump would win because beating up the deplorables showing up at rallies only left the crazy left wing that would respond to any poll. Polls are now a thing of the past. Worthless
We caution you to not take lightly the lengths they will go to. Get people to vote or we will lose Mike.
We're actually 6 months from election...and #GOP leaders are quitting faster than you can say "fake pastor." 
But who's counting? I am. 
In 202 days the GOP will get their day of reckoning, which will force them to put #Jesus & real morals before party & remove their heads from..
Hey dad... SHUT IT !!!
Marked for later....want to find a good "HA HA!" gif.
There is going to be a backlash against all the anti-trump liberal media - the more they trash our president, the stronger we become - #MAGA
Hey, Hucksee! We have one word for you.
Just like the NFL the preseason sucks
Raiders #1 in the NFL
Who said that? You?
I know. I get so sick of hearing them Dems go on & on & on! They want to raise taxes? How do you win on that? Or Resistance? They will not even let him have his cabinet. Can you imagine what he would of got done??
All Trump talks about his polls constantly
Just posting this to flag for followup neener neener tweet in November.

Yeah; you keep telling yourself that.
