When r  kids were small, I would take attendance b 4 leaving on a trip, during, restroom breaks, arrival & departure They r sneaky blessings
Homed skooled r ya.,lol
Love you and your humour!
Haha you doin good
How many of the grandchildren have murdered neighborhood dogs?
Now you’re just stupid @faithfulgarden
Hey Mike. This joke is a little unclear. I get that you’re writing from the perspective of an uneducated person, and while “cipher” is the wrong word (which supports the premise) it’s too advanced for that character. Don’t worry, we’ll get there.
. Wait until they ask you to help with math going left to right instead right to left. And fractions taken down all the way when you have figured it out in your head already. Our granddaughter had a fraction 36/72. We said it’s a half. She couldn’t get how we knew that. 
Covfefe
Wait'll ya get to the “gozintas”. You know, 2 gozinta 4 twice, 2 gozinta 6 three times...
A tweet recently said Trump followers can’t spell. Gis yu fit rite innn!!
6 grandkids? Wow lucky man.
Your a hoot
Are we supposed to laugh? Yokel.

Gkids are blessed to have such a great Gpaw.
Stop making fun of your supporters
Come on governor you could have gone to parochial school and got really educated by all the nuns!!
In the middle of your Christmas stories book. Enjoying it. Glad my mom passed it on to me. She knew I admired your family.
Welp, then, cipher yor ass back uo thar to arkansas, buckwheat !
"edge uh muh Kay shun" .               Have fun with the grandies.
You are so funny, my drink just came out of my nose.
But, do you know ur gozentas?
Yup, thats Arkansas for ya.
You know your gozintas? 2 gozinta 4 two times. 

Aww, you're adorably stupid.

oh wow sooo good. lmao you people are rubes.

naught X naught = naught.......or at least Jethro said it does.
The only thing you teach them is lying and submission.  Oh, and that it's ok to sexually assault their siblings.  Make Josh Duggar their hero.
But if it's really 6 and you want it to be 8...or zero, have Sarah do a press conference.
Wha??
Are you allowed to be around kids
Ha, us Arkansaw folk ain’t neer as ignort as sum thank. We did git everbody to tek the Clinton’s offen our hands to shear our mizry.
Your such a hoot Mike! We love you!
Please Lord forgive my twisted thoughts as I scroll through this good mans comments, discovering so many evil demonic trolls to block. 
Bless those whom are targeted by these sick comments w/ strength, courage, endurance, & safety while they continue to #MAGA. In Jesus name, Amen
Blow it out your a-s Huckafuk.

ROFLMBO!!! Nothing like them Grand Youngins @GovMikeHuckabee
Enjoy those babies!!!
I know it’s like herding chickens! I have four, seems like all we do is chase them!

Arkansas next to last in education
LMAO
Why does your grumpy/frumpy daughter @PressSec always start her responses with “Uhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmm, LOOK...”? Shouldn’t someone who is in communications be better at, ya know, communicating?
Knot knot  God bless you and your loved ones sir. #KeepAmericaGreat !
Alright Governor, you can put your abacus & slide rule away lol
but can you do your gazintahs like Jethro Bodine,
Congrats last I herd you could only count to five
Say's the guy who can't spell...
teaching them to be lying low lives like your daughter, propaganda minister @PressSec?  Sad.  Maybe someone will introduce them to Christianity later in their lives.
You can count to 6...I guess that explains economic policy
Does California know it is a state of the Union!? Remember "United States  of America".
Six is the highest number you can count to, fatty. Jesus, you're dumber than my idiot son.
Can you cipher any gazinta's? You know, 2 gazinta 2 one time...stuff like that?
Geez let’s hope the next school shooter isn’t at their school huh! Lol
You are not funny.
You and Jethro Bodine are my heroes 
Breeders.
Yeah but they probably don't stand still for ya to count them...makes it much harder....
Enjoy!
You are blessed!
U been practicing your gazintas ? 2 gazinta 4 2 times.
Bein smrt is for dummies
Did you learn your gozitas. 2 gozinta 6, 3 times!
https://www.facebook.com/deborah.walker.39904/videos/1885346631757022/ …
Still lovin’ your humor. We need the laughter so badly. Thank you Gov Huckabee 
Are you going to make another run for President?
#good luck happy Easter


Meanwhile robbing today's young people of the same opportunities to affordable higher education which your fail of a generation had.  But I suppose that's ok with you, since your family is already rich...
#GrammarLivesMatter
God bless you and your grand-Chidlren SIR!!!!!!
It's Good, Grand, and a Blessing from God that you have Grandchildren! I have One Son, and No Grandchildren.
I'm jealous I only count to 2! Enjoy them!
Great grandpa! Best wishes and God bless your endeavors. From PR
You are really trying hard to be funny.  #epicfail
I can commensurate. Haha
Shut up. Your shameful daughter tells enormous, obvious lies to the 
American people every day she goes to work.

I have 4 children and when they were little I was always going, "One, two, three....I'm missing one!" 
funny :)
Good thing you got that edukation! Be sure tolet your grandkids know how lucky they are to have you as their grandfather! Enjoy your day with your grandkids!
You and Jethro Bodine!

Nice to see your human side. 

You would think you would want to avoid getting them gunned down in schools though.
Crotchity Lady is a better fit.
Less than 50 yrs ago tiny US Citizens were educated on gun safety & use for protection of self & family. ZERO issues. Local Police Departments, etc. used this Community service time to build respect in classrooms and strengthen local communities.
It’s time for you to give up on the twitter page and politicing. Stay home with your grand babies.
You can count to 6. Wow even better then Trump. Try 10 next week.

I still have much to learn about cipher Artistic , Forms , I missed the BUS never made a fuss , as long as I was running with mans best friend Gus The school and driver made a fuss , so They we on with out us . now wow Glad I learned to say PAL

Your need to be laughed at is disturbing.
Naught plus naught is naught.
6th grade edukashun was hard 2 come by back in T DAY,sometimes self edukashun WORKS pretty good.
MAGA
You can count that high on one foot
Now that you can count, maybe you and your daughter should try your hand at a little honesty. You’ll feel better about yourselves.
These are my six, Mike
At least you are smarter than the kids who marched to take away our rights.
What rights are those, you ignoramus?
Knot one,knot,knot two etc.
You're a damn trip
Lucky gkids
Lol. Okay, Jethro! "Aught plus aught is aught, aught plus one is one...."


I like you, Gov. Huckabee.
Your college sucks and lets in 80% of applicants.  They obviously don't teach their students how to tell the truth; look at your daughter, @PressSec.
Did you start on the guzintas yet?
Just remember when coloring to stay within the lines.....Especially with that RED crayon....
I bet they all love G-pa's sense of humor and creative story telling.
Good hope they stay safe in schools thanks to granddad.
 Your the greatest!!
It's "you're", Ivan. "You're".
Have you taken my advice about standing closer to the drummer when you’re playing bass?
Lol. What don’t kill you makes ya stronger.  and extremely tired. Enjoy your nap, if ya get one. 
Tell me more about God creating the heavens and the Earth while not caring about most people living and have lived in oppressive regimes all so the pope can tell us not to jerk off.
Lol do you go through entire list of names before hitting the right one. I do
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA
Always knew you were dumb
You’re a funny guy!!! Enjoy the 6 grandbabies!

