You should have a new show on Fox.
You’re a foul mouthed back end of a donkey!! Shut up and go to bed and oh by the way your daughter, like you is a rude, ignorant liar also! Quit embarrassing yourself and Sarah and stop tweeting
What piece of shit you are. Libtards demoncraps are very well recognized for their stupid acts. Useful idiots.
Lovin it!” So sad , thought we could make a comeback, too late times just about out.
ANOTHER CLASSIC HILARIOUS ZINGER!
Was that supposed be funny?? It's ok tho keep trying old man
 u are hilarious ! I think you'd do great if u had ur own show..or podcast I'd definitely watch/listen & I'm sure other people would 2! Think abt it! 
God bless you and your family Governor.
You are such a fool I thought at one time that you might be good as president but seeing how you back trump on every stupid things he says not anymore
I will be watching and will let you know.  Only if you are sufficiently coherent!
We need you in Oregon!!!!!!!!!
I love you Gov. Huckabee.  You are so funny!!
Love Your mumbling Governor!!!  Keep it going!!!  God Bless You Man of God!!

Have to unfollow Mike.  Fan but your posts have gotten too silly. #MAGA #foxnewsforever
I love you Mike Huckabee and do does God!!! You always put  a smile on my face.
True POS u r explains your daughter who looks like she needs some serious beno intervention, the only people who believe either of u r nothing to be proud of apples truly dont fall far from tree makes so much sense you know damn well her boss is scum time will tell

Missed it. How did it go?!
Oh using Pelosi code I've been trying to break that code for 9 years I had an easier time breaking into my son's mobile phone
You are so cute Gov Mike!  We LOVE you and your brilliant Daughter....the apple didn't fall far from the Tree ;~))
Exactly
Quick question: 

Did you ever say (out loud) you would date @PressSec if she wasn't your daughter? 

Inquiring minds want to know what a Jesus follower like you says... 

#WWJD ?
Aw, how sweet

Are you taking @KellyannePolls place as @IvankaTrump pumper?…
Attacking Christianity?  You must be an Obamacare follower.

I love your rumblings Mr. Huckabee
Hahaha!!!
Love your outlook

So that means you’re talking nonsense I don’t need to listen too?!
HAHAHAHA
We have a horrible problem in America. The solution is educating the mis-informed and uneducated youth, any suggestions?
Ha Ha!!
U r so funny... u Huckabee
Okyou talked me into recording it for later!
Your an a$$ huckabee retire
U crack me up governor. Hope I get to meet u someday would be an honor
Love you Gov will be watching
Do you know this Pig Fuckabee??
Omgosh!!  That is the funniest tweet, Mike!
Do you think Maxine, Frederica, Kamala, Booker & Warren might be included?
HILARIOUS LMAO

Cute.
Stormy Daniels, @SHSPRESSSEC and @realDonaldTrump will understand you Mike.
Nancy’s probably waiting for her prunes to kick in!
But only after Nancy powers here few bourbons
YOU!

#congresssexfund @DanaPerino @greggutfeld Congress people upset about something that happened before Trump was #POTUS but Congress has fund to pay off lady's for things that happen during their office term???
Can't wait to hear and laugh
Lol!!!
WHAAAAAT!!! Ahh man! 

You. Are. Too. Funny!
LMAO.
Does anyone have link to this?
What is mikey talking about? Another stupid tweet.
Bring your guitar Governor 
Ha! Fancy Nancy does tend to ramble.
I thought mumbling incoherently was all you’ve ever done.
Well... That’s new

I enjoy your tweets!
The only thing Pelosi understands is.. MONEY MONEY MONEY..
I can see why you left the pulpit.


Hahahaha, thanks Governor!
Three cheers for you and your daughter governor
Ann you are a fool
Anne you are a fool
Lol
I like you so much I could kiss your beautiful daughter even if she’s got an excellent provider I’d like to see your Grandchildren, I wouldn’t want you getting beat up like Trump he’s the Teflon Don but he may resign can he stomach Schumer Pelosi after all he’s done for the USA?
You crack me up. I am a fan of yours.
LoL
We love you, Governor Huckabee!!!  Love your sense of humor.


This WashPo piece is stunning.  If true this raises the possibility that CA violated election laws and used mass immigration fraud to elect Republicans. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/former-cambridge-analytica-workers-say-firm-sent-foreigners-to-advise-us-campaigns/2018/03/25/6a0d7d90-2fa2-11e8-911f-ca7f68bff0fc_story.html?utm_term=.4e9ad4373e6a … 
#Hag
That is a good one love it
You r so FUNNY!!! N, i likes me funnies....
Bwahahahahaha love it!!!
Also flip flop as well so Chuckie Scheemer will relate!
Now that's funny
I think auntie Maxine will understand too.... giggle giggle snort
Maxine's behavior does nothing for black people. She has nothing to offer suffering from mental pause
would  you  please  yodel?

LOLOLOLOLOLOL!



Hahaha!
Sounds good to me.
Priceless 
I will be watching.  You need to be hired by the President.  It's obvious where Sarah gets her humor from..
You are really funny this morning!  Good morning!

People do not want to hear u speak
LOL! We need more humor! And people who will stand up to this far left media who are trying their best to destroy America!
So you are saying nothing is changing from your current format?  Mumbling incoherent dribble to a flock of sheep?

#TwoSessions  Qianbao love China, but It's the truth that Nanjing wants to rob the aserts of QB.And we have no place to speak out the truth by Nanjing government.求世界人民关注，求中央接管。#习近平 #王岐山 @realDonaldTrump  @FoxNews @BBCWorld @CNN  @XHNews
hilarious
HAHA, YOUR SPECIALTY, “MUMBLING INCOHERENTLY”, YA DAMN SURE GOT THAT SHIT DOWN.

Hahahahahaha 
Lol
#beast

I've always found you interesting and informative on FOX, but now that I've read some of your tweets, I think you're hilarious!  Witty too :-)
Idiot
When you write Nancy or Chuck use a crayon so they can read it
Shame on you and SAD....you are such a snarky person.....I hope no children watch your show and I hope Little Huck protects her children from your mean spirit.......

Lol

Hahahahaha . Doubt she’ll get it, but I have my hearing aids  in place.
Why are you going off the air? I luv your Show and watch it every week. Maybe Sweet Sara can talk some sense in your head. I watch her broadcast whenever she is on.

Rednecks of America.

You did not do much as a governor and you are tanking as a wannbe comic
Not funny.
Great line. Self deprecating humor is the best.
Pray for her soul- the Lord knows...
While you embarrass yourself again.

Bravo! Gov #MikeHuckagee. Looking forward to it.
Haha!
Never foxsnooze
Funny!!!  Don't forget to wave your hands around and around and around.
Will you go back to pretending to be a Christian? It was a lot funnier than watching you try to be a comedian.
Mumbling incoherently.  Sounds like Sarah Huck too
Great Christian values there. Perhaps you might spend more time studying Jesus’ teaching and less time mocking people.
He is not being unscriptural. And you are not his judge.

Wait, I thought Maxine Waters was your interpreter?
Lol to funny. .. so true.
You should stay out of Politics & stop appearing on TV. In Europe, you'd have already been prosecuted for complicity and incitement to commit misdemeanor and murder.
Don't forget to call Trump, Bush

An opinion piece from Washington Post means what? Does that somehow make it a fact? Oh, wait I bet you're one of those who believes a few fossils and drawings somehow proves evolution is real.
We love you Gov!

Your posts crack me up!!
just to let you know Trump dislikes you more than anyone...  you are the worse kind..  you go on TV look down at your script..  and lie right to the cammera..  and if you cannot read YOU fumble over WORDS.. you're a moron. that's what they called rose ken.
I just saw you on Fox..  I get I watched the rerun, but come on...  watching your eyes you keep looking down at a script...  disgusting..  do you really think you can keep fooling us..  complain about the dems and then lie to us..  we will love it.  you're disgusting..

I'm going to give it a try!
You are too funny!!

Beseech God. Mike. You are fallen away.
LMAO!
Stupid and not very respectful... fox news is your place to be...
#NanjingCorruptOfficialsPlundered钱旺钱宝 请大家监督南京警方，提供权威机构出具的钱旺集团资产审计和评估报告，对于涉案资产的核查需要当事人的认可和签字。监督南京政府是否在进入司法程序以前就强行处理了钱旺集团的资产，包括更改钱旺购买的土地的使用性质。别再造谣骗局这样口说无凭的文章了
Um, English please.

Sorry I missed it! Did you remind her the President is TRUMP??? 

Luv Ya Gov!  PS:  Your daughter is an inspiration and a role model!  God bless!

Mike, did you request gain sentience for a moment? If not, good self slam!

that's a good one mike


Nauseating man
Haha



Again filing to be funny.
Why
You mumbling incoherently is a regular thing, not at all newsworthy
I totally understood you, tonight. Should I be concerned? Lol

Watching now....can't wait for the #Truth about Chappaquiddick to be revealed. This has been buried far too long.
Omg I choked on my cookies and milk . Thank goodness milk didn’t shoot out my nose . Thanks Gov . 
Were u  coherent in Church Sunday or were u mumbling a bunch of lies incoherently  to the congregants ??(Hypocrit)
Would you say that again? I didn't understand what you said.
oh your daughter. where is she ?
You need to talk quietly, mumble, be sure to talk about the solution that replaces the wall - Mowing Grass at the Border so they can’t hide
Thanks for posting this. I caught your interview!  Otherwise I would have missed it!!
So, same old same old?

Mr Huckabee go look at my last two tweets watch videos you'll be shocked.
Isn’t that the truth Gov. Mike, she always talks like she had to many cocktails before coming on T.V.
@GovMikeHuckabee Funny tweets!!
