That applies to you also 2Face
You just described both your daughter and yourself.
@cuckooforcocoa

How can you say that? Why are you judging him? YOU ARE NOT GOD and GOD NEVER CHOOSE YOU TO LEAD USA. Stop already
And if you taught your children not to be liars, wow Sarah may have some respect!
Great illustration of the dastardly and ill mannered way your party conducts it's daily interaction with anyone that doesn't fit your narrow narrative. Does not see things the way and only way your type sees it. Facts and what not have no place in the world you demand all share.
Just so you know I have no party affiliation. I have voted for both parties as well as Others. Enjoy your life as a pompous egoist!
A what ? Patriotic American that is sick of watching the invasion of my country, obvious criminals walk free, ass hole teachers Destroying our childrens future and ruining their lives. Introducing deviant behavior to the country and sacking our treasury. Thanks
Right look at the Trump people walking free
They have not been public servants who are giving away our country and treasury for power and money (ours)
I love how he says he doesn’t want him impeached. He implied America needs to live with the choice because of their bad voting! Then he admits he didn’t even vote.
Also don't forget his 
Double Talk

I respect him. However he helped Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016.

Proud of you for raising an unapologetic liar for a daughter.
#familyvalues
Same to you and your kids, bunch of inbreeds
Doom despair and agony on me....
Amen
Think about the long game. @PressSec would be better leaving than going down with this ship.
When you hear kids saying nothing's going to happen to him or the rest of them it's plain sickening.
Yes it is I'm beyond sick of it!
Let’s see, open Hillary investigation, Dems hate him. Write a scathing Trump hating diatribe, Dems love him.
The king of hypocrisy speaks of double standards. Your party first country second speaks volumes for your ability to criticize others who ve served their country both in uniform and out.
Amen
Love it!  Soooo true!!
Just like you and your lying daughter.
You should know gov,  pretend minister, but doesn't care about anyone else
Where are the psychiatrist now offering their analysis - Coomey obviously in fantasy world.
Well, fortunately, everyone doesn’t have the standards of Huckabee & Hannity.
Thank you! The more WH press briefings I see, the more I am embarrassed for her.
Interestingly, you could replace "Jim Comey" with "Donald Trump" or "Sarah Sanders" and it would still be true!
Typical of politicians and law enforcement
Huh. That’s funny. One could say the same of you, Mikey. 
lol so true
He is a republican & you & your daughter should know. #LyingHuckabees
if it was for doubles standards he wouldn't have no standards at all. and soon come if it wasn't for real bad luck he wouldn't have no luck at all. American Band
The more he talks the worse he makes it for the FBI
Typical Liberal democrat, No Morals but think they are right on everything, "smartest person in the room".  He's all about the money now and trying to save his name which should be MUD!
How’s 45 doin at holding up Christian values?
Precisely!
Dear Wannabeehuckabee. You and your daughter have NO standards! Don’t pretend to be holier than thou! Seeing how your daughter lies it’s clear you were an absentee parent!
At one pt, I would've voted for you as president. However, I'm so disappointed with your mud slinging, I keep forgetting you're a preacher.
WHAT PART DO YOU PLAY IN BOZO'S TRUMPISM ( COMMUNIST ) PARTY, I SEE HANNITY IS IN GOOD STANTINGS, IS YOUR LIPS AS CLOSE TO BOZO'S ASS AS HIS?
Comey is a piece of !
Instead of trash talking others all the time
Tell us of the good Christian things YOU are doing

2.5 MILLION American children are hungry & Homeless 
Doing anything for them?

50k VETERANS
Homeless. What steps are you taking to help them?

Don't trash talk - LEAD like a Christian
Comey is awesome. Like Romney.
If you are going to undermine our democracy, why don't you just move to another country?
Absolutely!!!
He has triple standard. He is betting on three horses in a two horse race. Hilliary, Trump and himself. Feel free to use this line to describe him. No copyright. @TrumpSuperPAC @SidneyPowell1 @seanhannity @PressSec

Nailed it.
Tell that to your daughter.
Family member?
Tall liars tell tall tales.
You sound like Trump--crediting others with your own behavior.
Mike, geez, if you are going to call someone out, it should be your daughter and the daily lies she tells.....or maybe that moral standard falls to your teachings.....
You could write the exact sentence about preachers like you. But you can't handle the truth!

#hypocrite
You took the thought right out of my mind. Notice who he got to do the interview with him....George Steph...who is one of THE most biased, Trump haters out there. His conduct is venomous. He should be taken off of Good Morning America.
You say that only because he’s a Clinton shill.
#LyinLeakinComey
#hypocrite 
#lakeoffire
Comey's a crook.
Ex-Director Comey is acting like a child trying to get his father in trouble with social services.
True
If mike huckabee didn’t have a double chin he’d have no chin at all.
said the guy with no standards.  By the way: You are not a Gov.
And Obama wasn't  s President huck was a governor
Good one governor
AMEN!
Aww from a non sanctimonious SOB
You should talk, you so-called Christian.

What a complete embarrassment. 

#TheAWAKENING #AprindictmentsMonth #WWG1WGA #KAG #FullDisclosureNOW @realDonaldTrump #qanon #TREASON #KissAssComey #POLICESTATE
Ha! Here, Here, Gov.! I don't understand how Comey can Stand Up, when he doesn't have a Leg to Stand On! He has No Backbone or Spine either! He's so Full of Crap, that he had to Write a Book to Relieve Himself of Some of It!
Wouldn’t it be nice if James Comey had worried about what people would think about the legitimacy of the TRUMP presidency, as MUCH as he claims that he cared about the non-existent “Hillary Clinton presidency” legitimacy?!?!? What a LIAR Comey is!
This isn’t double standards.This is blatant disrespect for the law! Which he is in charge of! Snowden and Comey are traders  to this wonderful country we live in. God bless Donald Trump.
And you do? SMH
We all knew Comey was a fake when he said I felt queasy to Congress
Look who is talking.
Astonishing about the conservatives not mentioning anything about @seanhannity new revelations.. go figure
That is hysterical coming from you. Somehow, Trump has better standards? Please, defend that. Please.
Did you say something about double standards #hypocrite?

Talk to us about double standards #hypocrite
After watching his interview last night.  He dosen't look very smart at all! Where do they find these people!   Now he has a book and a tour!


Kinda like your daughter who stands up every day and lies for the biggest con man America has ever been held hostage by.  WTH is wrong with you people????
Now that's the truth..
Sad rep of the fbi!

If Mike Huckabee didn't have double standards, he wouldn't have any standards at all. Give my a break.
Funny you follow a guy who doesn’t have any standards, none whatsoever ever.
That's the double standard he learned from you, Mike. You and Hannity and Newt are the Masters of Double Standard
When is Comey going to let someone from Fox news interview him?
When the become a real news channel & hire real journalist.
Says the Biggest Hypocrite!
He's somewhere between a #shithole and #sweatyballs ......he's the #Taint of the #FBI

If Huckabee didn't have half a brain he would have no brain at all

The pot calling the Kettle black.
It ranges from quick speculation it is Trump's Hair etc to a complete blank when asked a question he can answer but chooses to act Dumb!
Good observation there!!!
I agree!!  Comey was just one of many controlled by the Deep State, but Hillary lost...so now he is running for his life!
Deep State?   
Please remove your tin foil hat and back slowly away from your television.
OMG.
Fits right in with Democrats doesn't he.
Yes he's a righteous ethical honorable man of course he'd fit in with the Dems. Repubs are all crooks liars and thieves. How many mistresses of Repubs been paid off by a slush fund?
So he was ethical when he reopened the email investigation and then testified in Congress "costing" Hillary the election? Easy now, which side of your mouth do you need to speak out of to insure you are being ethical & honest.

May the Lord send the Angel of Death to kill every single Republican and trump supporter!!!!
A very conflicted mind
@Comey @FoxNews Jim you state NO to impeachment because you want the American People go to the voting booth and vote there values! THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT the AMERICAN PEOPLE DID - the deplorables for whom YOU couldn’t believe elected Trump - go to the woods please with HRC
Does Comey have eyeliner and makeup on .?
At least it's not orange. 
Hummmm can he spell standards   As a man, he embarrassed me
just like a big sinner like you! NO STANDARDS ... we especially see that with your bad parenting of your LYING daughter and DOG ABUSING son #Badparent #corrupt #sinner
If you and your daughter didn't lie nonstop, you'd have nothing at all to say.
Dog Eat Dog.

Huckabee Kills Dog. 

Huckabee Eat Dog.
And that goes double for rosenstein Mueller and the rest of the clown car.
That's more of a description of you.
If Trump and Hannity didn't share the same corrupt lawyer, today wouldn't have been such a monumental and significant day!
Amen
Good one!
If you didn’t have double chins, you’d have no chins at all? Can we keep this going?
That’s the pot calling the kettle black.

POT...MEET KETTLE
I believe you are right Sir!
The man is an enigma
If you didn’t have a double chin you would have a chin at all.
He has ALL of the standards!
Double standards? It seems besides Russia helping Trump, Comey coming out 2 weeks before election helped Trump. Because Comey finds Trump morally bankrupt and unfit for Presidency, a pathological liar etc is t double standards. It’s his opinion.
double standard?  I hear SHS likes the double team in the Walmart parking lot.
You do say some of the stupidest shit on *twitter* - You have Geraldo on your show...you're a very bad parent (proof on a daily basis) and then you call someone self-serving. You don't think Comey has a legit reason for going after Trump? If you were fired, you wouldn't want to?
You have no business talking "standards" about ANYONE. And you have the nerve to call Comey "sanctimonious"
Who are you ?? Your authority to comment ??
#WhoIsHuckabee?
Thank you for all you and Sarah do, Mike!! We need more of you two!!!!
At least he has double the standard than you.  You are a classless bum whose daughter lies to the American people on a daily basis, while you and her pretend to be religious and have morals.
#StandDownClown
And 45 is a serial adulterer, traitor and thank God for Patriots like Comey and Mueller
Aren't you just the pot calling the kettle black
So he speaks your language then
Comey is a slime bucket. He's dirty to the core.
Hypocrite says what???
at least you admit he has some - unlike YOU who hang with Ted Nugent and Sarah who is paid to lie for a living
I vote that #LyingComey has no standards. Acts like he is taking the high ground. No morals unless this is what he’s covering up.

Agreed!!
That’s a good one!
Way below average intelligence
Kinda like you and Sarah? If not bad morals, no morals at all.
I would take a shot that Comey does not know God. What do you think?
TRUE THAT

Thanks for all you do Gov Huckabee. My father loves your show. Great job, God Bless.

You always hit nail the other guys thumb with you're hammer... @GovMikeHuckabee
Isn't that the tenets of all the loony liberals???
He has more integrity in his pinky than you and your daughter combined.
@comey
In honor of comey's interview ....in the eyes of 50% of Americans.... Conservatives - being the ONLY PATRIOTIC Americans.....you'll be living the rest of your life viewed as nothing more than a wet vagina snowflake.
#corruptFBIstringbean
#SlimeBallComey
Spoken like a true #moneygrubbing #fake #preacher #hypocrite u r. Btw - stop tweeting & check in with the @PressSec cause she's gonna next level lying to deal with today's news. And I know u can help her get there u #lying #pos.

Lol
What an embarrassment that he was the head of the FBI!
I believe your daughter... said nobody ever!!!
No standards, sounds like you Gov. Mikey.
You have to be kidding. What standards do you abide by? I haven’t noticed any. Telling everyone you are Christian doesn’t make it so.
