Lol
Do they drop the soap while forest bathing?

Where in that article does it mention anything about liberals? You really do confuse me sometimes, Mike.
Was looking for that info myself.
I like when Jesus went into the wilderness and brought back dead turkeys
What the heck do they do Mike Huckabee I love hunting but I hate nutcase
You're hilarious !! 
Has to be California.  The weather here helps support it.  Along with the fact the liberals here do it and love it. Too funny!
If you're playing golf are you grass bathing?
I say welcome to consrevatism.
Talk to a tree.Sure.
Well I don't hunt (nothing against it) but I call that "hiking".  
When I was a kid my grandfather and I would sit by a creek bank and drown worms. We would sit there for hours watching the creek flow by our feet and the clouds fly over our heads. We we're way ahead of our time.
Didn’t know that needing to kill something should be a requirement to enjoy nature.
crazy stuff.
Spent my childhood in the woods of the Missouri Ozarks with a .22 rifle. Most times returning home having never fired a shot, just enjoying the sun and clean air. Sometimes bring home a few rabbits or squirrels. Either way, it's was great for the soul.
Mike...you used to be positive.  Now you’re divisive.  We don’t need more of that in this country.
If a tree talked to me, I’d better be in The Enchanted Forest.
#GovMikeHuckabee too many have not truly hiked in any woods!  We grew up in and around the woods and have enjoyed walking through them (even when carrying a spray an to kill the poison oak)
I call it hiking 
How does possum taste?  Do you eat it for supper with rice or mashed potato?   People who raise dog abusers and pathological liars really aren't that amusing.
I can’t see you walking, fatty. Just eating.  And eating. Picking your teeth and being snarky. And eating.
New fad: Try saying something that is funny.
So it's.... stop and smell the roses revamped!! Lol
AHHH the Looney left!.
Love your tweet! Is this "unconscious forest bathing"? Wonder if those that participate are the same "those" who detest carbon emissions, treading where no one may have tread before & disturbing birds, animals that need not be disturbed because "those" shouldn't be there.
When you think about it, trees are overgrown weeds to a giant.
SF Chronicle has time for this?  Don't they know about Trump, Russia, Stormy, and the BURNING planet?

Freaking weirdos
Yeah Mike you're a throw back to hunting and gathering! Actually the Travel newsletter is headed up by a Trump supporter!
The forest bathers & tree huggers might be in a world of hurt if the Japanese ever lose control of their mutant bugs that eat plastic (or their lab-created plastic-eating enzymes).

Human flesh is a lot softer &, I’m guessing, tastier than plastic. 

#CheckForBugsBeforeHugging
Lmfao you're a comedian!!
Don'y you know its about loving everything except God! Unfortunately, these people "love" killing children in the womb to protect the earth wich allows them to "Forest Bath".
I call it taking a walk.
Their all hoping for a face to face with sas.......er, ah, Hillary!
Same here Gov. Huckabee...we go down through the woods to the fishin hole..catch some fish..with peaceful sounds of nature around us..but we make sure we're prepared for ticks, chiggers, snakes, coyote,s maybe a black bear.
Lol if you are down south be careful about getting up close to ants. Fire ants aren't your friendly neighborhood black ant. Lol I live in the woods, we all hunt here, come to our woods we will give ya something to talk about with your forest bathing friends.
Oh now you found something else to “hate”. Evangelical hate is Fox!
My tree’s kids can beat up your tree’s kids.
They would be funny if not so dangerous to my country ....idiots
Mike, you should have remained in the woods and creeks.
Lol. Forest bathing falls in my tax bracket. Saline river is my "forest bathing" every summer.
Us hunters and fishermen really enjoy nature....nothing better than sitting behind a rifle or throwing a line in the water!  The nutcase liberals...talking to trees, really?
I don’t know if the ugh I’m feeling is for you or the forest bathers, but I am feeling the ugh!
I call it hiking. Assholes exacerbate me. Why do you need to bring a gun to be with nature??
I done that all my life just know it has such a cool name i done some that yesterday!
LOL. Forest bathing.
This is the funniest and stupidest thing I’ve heard out of the left in a while. Still laughing........still laughing
Maybe they've been eating the wild mushrooms
More from the LAND OF HOGG MUST GO WITH CONDOM SNORTING AND SOAP POD EATING. THE ONLY THING THEY COULD BAG IS WHATS IN THEIR PARENTS REFRIGERATOR.
I’m glad they amuse you cause they just aggravate me!
They are in California. Nuff said
Hahahaha!!!

Hahahahahahahahahahaha!!!! Outstanding! Alittle "chew" helps too. LOLOLOLOL
Lol
:sounds like fun too me fresh air exercise and food can't beat that combination
Oy Vey
I grew up hunting, but would rather take a forest walk without killing shit now. I pay others to commit tasty homicide for me now.
Same. I could shoot a snake but I love animals too much to kill one. That's just me. No judgment on others.
Same here, although I'm not real down with trophy hunting for the sake of the trophy. Humane hunting with meat in mind is the only hunting I would espouse.
Same. I get food. But not trophies.
What do you call taking the dog for a walk?
Better watch where they sit
hahaha
I guess we were all young once!! This is a passing fad just like all the other ones in the past!!
Got to have a trainer to go for a walk, from what I've seen would not walk around Sonoma, too many homeless vagrants. Hugging a tree is good way to get poison ivy and ticks. This is why we don't want Cali Crazy in Nevada, they will want to light the desert.
Where you come from people like and admire you. Elsewhere? Not so much.
Right on!
Yes it seems that I have forest bathed many time and ate well afterwards.
Yea Mike.  I'm from the south too.  Strangely enough I was able to walk through the forest hiking and not kill shit.  Wow...what a concept.  Maybe you should take your entire family on hikes, the exercise couldn't hurt.
But did you talk to a tree while on your hike?
More likely you're sitting in the claw foot tub waiting for the Cialis to kick in.
Back in the 60s it was called SPACED OUT!!

Liberals might be amusing, but at least we can walk in the woods without having to shoot something.
Hi, Guv...wish we could clone you. Came close with Sarah but she's so much prettier than you are! 
It's hunting but you use a Winchester or a Henry rifle like a real honest to goodness American.
Killing animals is popular with the huckabees just ask your son he dog murder
This man really makes me feel amazing about being a liberal. He is petty, obnoxious, intolerant, crude and sometimes vicious.
He is the WORST Christian man..... I practice the teachings of Jesus better and I’m an atheist 
I agree with you completely.

Should have taught your family how to eat a healthy diet!
They amuse me, too, Governor. The left made fun of VP Pence for talking to God. Isn’t this sort of the same thing?
Some might call it exercise, fatass.
Weird.  Where I come from, we don't call it hunting because walking through the woods doesn't require shooting an animal and claiming you did it for food, when in reality, you did it to make your penis seem bigger.  We just call it walking in the woods where I'm from.
Like you would know a big penis if you ever saw one.

That's because liberals don't believe in guns. Maybe they could talk the animals into coming home for dinner, like they plan to talk ppl out of harming them, if they break into their homes. 
God created the woods for so much more than your pleasure, Mike.
Liberal milenials don't even go to the store let alone hunt for food. Now the box shows up with all the ingredients and the recipe.
Actually not a liberal, but it is peaceful to be with Nature
I find in my old age I love humans, but I Love Nature more
Have a super day

Agreed, Mike - when these Dopey Dems walk through the woods, they don't even murder anything while there! VERY WEAK!!! @realDonaldTrump
LOL!
That's hilarious but kinda of sad
everybody's gotta bathe somewhere...even stinky hippie granola-heads
Someone didn’t tell him the difference between killing nature and enjoying nature.
Maybe that's what Hilary ' s walks in the woods are???
Simmer down, folks. It was a joke. At least he didn’t call you deplorable or threaten to repeal one of your faves from the Bill of Rights.
So they are lazy hikers? They better be careful where they do this or they might become prey.
I guess some people are still looking for the right BRANCH
Liberals do have a false idea or beliefs!
Now Gov....someone needs to talk to the trees. 
YOUR AN ASS.......

No chiggers in that area. Lots of ticks and rattlesnakes though... An education costs. But when you are stupid, it costs more!
@HRClinton  Does that that is how she discovered What Happened and how she cleanses the appearance of baby blood""

We call it desert bathing here in southern Arizona's Sonoran Desert.... keep your clothes on... lots of spine carrying plants here.... ouch!
What they don't say is that they're "high" at the time...
 I’m going to send this to all my relatives who hunt.
My cousins & my sister & I played in the woods in Arkansas. The boys brought their guns & went squirrel hunting. They would show up with 4-6 squirrels hanging from their belts. Normal country childhood!

LOL Bee Smith has the best pics 


Wow! Yes, I wouldn't want people to enjoy nature without killing it.
$50 for a guided trek to look at a blade of grass? $3400 for a workshop on how to teach people how to do this?  There is a sucker born every minute.
Governor, you are my favorite Republican! (One thing I agree with Joy Behar). You’re hilarious!
The Japanese do this... soooo, are you insulting our recent guests? Nice. You spell Class with a K.
Or in your neck of the woods, your brat tortures and kills dogs. But I guess that's OK then?

They are already snorting the leaves.
Yeah, we call it hunting or hiking in my family...
For someone who had made $9 million from working to swindle gullable believers and from being a politician, yes please tell us about having to hunt squirrels and possums...
Thats funny!! May HRC should try it!! LOL
Shinrin-yoku...
Hilarious!
You crack me up Mr. Huckabee. I enjoy your tweets and just ignore the haters. Keep up the good work! 
Where as Church bathing makes more sense to rightwing loons. They'd rather poison the environment, like Jesus told them to. #eyeroll
There is nothing the left won’t run with even if its over s cliff!
Gov, you crack me up. Your the reason I still have Twitter.
was killary doing this right after she lost? just asking!
Dear Comrade Governor,
Former Vice President Cheney wanted to take you pheasant hunting for some quality time together. He's deeply hurt that you won't take his calls or accept his invitation.
Yours truly,
Boris and Natasha from Nebraska which definitely not in Russia.
I read this in their voices and giggled like a psycho.  Thank you.
Help the president and republicans to win house/senate races and tell them to have the “balls” to go nuclear to get the President his full cabinet and also to pass his legislation with the same nuclear option. Only then we can see and feel the full potential of Trump presidency.
Agreed
Now we will need "safe spaces" in the woods for the snowflakes!. A really mean squirrel could be out there and hurt their feelings!. Think one of these morons would recognize poison ivy.....that could be interesting...something new to boycott!
Mike overplays the folksy card.
Who told them?  Walking within nature, enjoying all it has to offer, is very therapeutic. A trek through the forest can offer the realization of what’s really important in life...Faith & Family.   Be careful, you may cross path with a bear, or worse, Hillary!  Love hunting, too.
they shower there too.
I love that this bothers you.
That's why Hillary goes to the woods.
Wanna know something mikey boy? You are going to hell
I tried it. Talked for 20 minutes w/ a local oak tree, made friends with him. I told him about my dreams & aspirations for life. He listened wisely, then dropped one of his nuts on my head.
First that's a field with a few trees in it, not a forrest. Secondly, standing under that dead limb isn't such a great idea. Thirdly it's called 'bathing' because if you go very, very slow it will eventually rain & you'll get your a** wet. Fourth, when you hear the banjo music,,,
Unbelievable!

Sometimes hunting is simply sitting quietly with stillness along a game trail. Listening to nature and taking in the smells. Even if no game it is still a win win. Exercise and stillness. Fresh air!  If you happen to game it’s a triple win. Same for fishing along a stream.
Please tell me they are not naked!
In NC, you don't go walking in the woods unless you want to meet deadly snakes, bears, and coyotes.
You know what’s not amusing? Lying to the entire country on a daily basis while collecting a tax funded salary Mike.
Some people just like to appreciate the beauty - how did a supposed man of values like yourself become so very depraved and hateful?
Bathing isn't something you hillbillies would know much about.
lol Huck thanks for the laugh
Love your tweets. Keep up the great work 
Where YOU come from, the forest is where you and your Male cousin hook up behind the backs of your wives .
One of the many causes for the problems we face - one of which is you and your fellow members of the American Taliban - is that so many people have removed nature completely from their lives.
Hunt this
Like the new fad, “sitting in a church, yet doing zero things in the Christian way.”
That seems to be how the huck, the @PressSec and the rest of the lickspittles do business.
Normally I enjoy what you have to say, Governor, but you should know that many of us enjoy walking in the woods, enjoying the rare view of a wild animal without feeling the need to kill it; bringing home "supper" from the local grocery store.
Yeah, not wanting to needlessly kill things. What weirdos.
Yes , I believe that is called a hike.
I would hug that tree.  That's one nice looking tree right there.
Indeed...no point in enjoying nature unless you can kill some of it in the process
So let me get this straight to you the only way to enjoy gods creation is to kill it? Wow! What a terrible way to use your pulpit to promote such vileness towards ones walk with God. Try studying the basic 10 rules of your faith.
Liberals believe nothing existed until they were born & no experience exists until they do it.
You don't actually believe that.
And some may find true love and: Marry a plant...
LMAO ,GOD BLESS YOU AND SARAH ! TREE BATHING ? LOL   #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Liberals:  Always searching for the next great #fadventure.  Some fool  creatively makes up nonsensical fad that the touches the feelings of the  most feeling fellows.

Just trying bathing in water, preferably using Lava soap!
Don’t find them amusing. I find them pitiful.
plenty of liberals think this is stupid. and I bet plenty of silicon valley libertarians are forking over cash to do it. so shut your fat fucking face.
Way to highlight some obscure practice a few hippies are doing and make it out like the left are a bunch of lunatics. Apparently you didn’t get sucked out of the window of your last flight which is really a shame.
Can CA ever recover. I don’t think so
The fun part is that it bothers you enough to tweet about. 

Anything else to bitch about today, Shmuckster?
So funny.
That is hilarious! Liberals and Snowflakes l9ve to re-label and ruin everything
Imagine if you were just thankful that people are actually still able to enjoy the outdoors. Do you remember the days when people could go hunting and not have to worry if the meat is tainted by human environmental activities?
You'll find anything, go down any road to be decisive, Mr Fake Christian.. Try to imagine that it's 2018, not 1948..
If you’re fortunate enough to live to be really old, you won’t have to pay a “guide” to teach you how to walk “really slowly.”
First main paragraph could have been written by Jack Handy. LOL.
Be sure to find some Spanish Moss and wrap yourself in it.  #chiggers
Old jerks amuse me, Mike.
You're right. Thats all liberals. Just like all conservatives wear Nazi armbands.
Good one Governor, some of us also call it GOLFING...
your small minded ness amuses me
VOTE PRO TRUMP CANDIDATES ONLY!
NO RINOS NO DEMS

#Trump2020 #RedWaveRising #Trump #POTUS #BuildTheWall #BarbaraBush #NRA #RedWaveRising2018 #NorthKorea #Outnumbered #KAG2020 #ThursdayThoughts #TIME100 #EarthDay #NationalHighFiveDay #Hannity #Tucker #Dobbs #tcot #Comey #MolonLabe
Trump is a RIÑO
Huckabee is such an angry, mean man. Probably because his failed term as Governor was the highlight of his life. Now all he has left is selling liver pills. Turns his anger against anybody not exactly like him.  Sad, and pathetic, the way Huckabees attack their fellow Americans.
