You and your daughter are such trolls.@PressSec
Actually, making comments like that on his tweet makes YOU the troll.
Remember when the GOP claimed the moral high road when going after Clinton and impeaching him? Remember that?

Huckabee is what the Bible warms. Don’t be fooled by preachers that are actually the devil.
Balanced Budget Amendment
If you look at this stand alone maybe looks ok but now despicable Rs are talking about a balanced budget bill to pay for this #taxscam out of our Social Security/Medicare as well as cutting other benefits for the needy.  I know as a non religious deplorable person you don't care
great, so give me all the money I have given to SS/ Medicare over the years ( I have maxed out my contribution for 30 years).  I will stick that into the 401K that I have contributed to and maxed out over 30 years.  Maybe you don't contribute but the rest of us want our money.
Remember when the GOP was the party of fiscal responsibility? Remember that?
#Fuckabee is a lying sack of swine fecal juice!
Love you Gov Huckabee, looking good in the picture.
OMG, Sarah lying Sanders is becoming a national embarrassment, lying to protect a POS President.  Where's your Christian Values and hers.
So when do we see the tax break ???
So what mikey.  Do you have a point?
Simmer down Mike. You sounding more like a Father who is selling his ugly daughter to a brothel owner. In this case, Trump and your daughter, oversized head pretending to be a Spokesperson. Liar from the Arkansas backwoods and creeks.
#GOPTaxScam
Mike stay down u a fool
This article says people making under $86k will pay "no net income" so why do we still have taxes deducted from our pay?

#TaxCutsandJobsAct is still screwing us!
#LockHimUp
Wow.  They think they know things that the government number crunches don't.  Which makes sense, since your little mind can't understand real things.
Ok. The obvious question..... Why from a lone member of the Tax Policy Center operating on his own? What do his colleagues have to say on the subject? Fishy.....
like you do to trumps package?
The #TaxScam will show growth in the firstyear. It guts revenue needed for education, healthcare Medicare and social securitywhos trust fund was raided. Remember the effective Corp. tax rate averaged 18%, not 35%.
Hey Mike-"surprised" so many of these leftwing nuts like to rail against common sense. Thank you for continuing to speak TRUTH.
I would refer you to c-span Washington Journal today, Panama Papers, Paradise papers, stock buybacks, jobs that don’t pay enough to meet basic needs and rising homelessness.
And get what tubby? 40 members are not running again. Why is that?
Good read liberals don’t understand, except they want more of your money, it’s called greed
Syria did not do it. False flag as usual. Don't drink the kool aid
Help cut the deficit....fire @pressSec for lying....Flynn was fired for lying why not Sarah?
Heaven forbid an intellectual organization uses information and knowledge as an approach to progress instead of voodoo and gut feelings about being men. Your tweet is only have as weak as your views on society. Please retire from the public.
You should preach from an Alternative Prosperity Bible, in which Jesus holds up a coin and says, "Render unto God the things that are God's, but store up as many of these for yourself as you can".
I would love to debate this issue with you. Name the time and place. As an aside, even you acknowledge in your article that the "...richest of the rich...got the biggest benefit from the tax cut..."
No, the rich aren't paying their fair share.  The country is turning into a place like Mexico where we are going to have a vast amount of middle class poor, we're going into massive debt, your president is completely incompetent, and the rich, like you, are taking everything.
fat
Here come the "tolerant" "non-bigot" liberals with their peace and love promoting tweets.....
hang on bro I have gas
I see you and I vomit.
You should seek help for your anorexia.
