Just doing my job.. which is protected by the First Amendment of The Constitution. You might want to give it a read. https://twitter.com/parscale/status/980856574049685505 …
Yup looks like CNN anchors!
That is a compliment to the anchors and an insult to the donkey! Donkeys are sweet,pure and innocent!! Adorable and kind! Hard working....etc....get the point
yes you are right I hope the donkey's can forgive me. 
Ok that’s hysterical
So well said Governor, sadly Mr Acosta thinks he’s larger than life and sees absolutely nothing wrong with his blatant ignorance!
can't believe you don't see blatant disconnect betw a guy who as a preacher, stands for a spiritual ideal, then uses the trust that people have in him for that same reason, to parlay it into a political and commercial role-then teach his kids to lie. This is Christianity? Really?
Huh?  Teach his kids to lie?  What are you talking about?  Why do you follow @GovMikeHuckabee if you don't like what he has to say?  Maybe you need to exercise ur 1st amendment right and scadaddle.
Awesome, thanks for defending Gov. Huckabee,  who is a good guy.
I love Gov. Huckabee! 
Me too Bonnie!!
ACOSTA: No class juvenile delinquent brat.
He just thinks harassing Trump gets him points with his leftist bosses.
He’s had two rough Easter’s In a row with @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse 
Only six more jimmy! 
#Trump2020
Hahahahaha
@acosta no thats not how you do your job if you showed a little bit of maturity & respect you might get the same
He doesn't know how...
Letting his ego out of it's cage so it can inappropriately bounce all around the party is exactly the behavior we expect out of these fake news guys.....I have no doubt the children set a better example than he did....
Fox is the true fake news.
Fox definitely is not perfect, don't count on them for my news, however, way more honest than all the other MSM!
THAT'S hysterical.
This is the reason he has been and will continue to not being called on in the breifing. He is an embarrassment to himself and journalist as a whole. There is a time and a place to be an ass, but this one one not the place. CNN needs to suspend him.
They probably take bets on how outrageious he can be.
Strip him of his press credentials immediately 
Good one Governor!!
Kids?  What kids?  It is about my instant gratification, says Acosta.
@Acosta you should not be allowed within 20 miles of @POTUS I don’t why he puts up with your smart mouth .  Somebody pull his press pass we are sick and tired of seeing his constant disrespect

I can’t stand him he makes me want to cuss lol
Gov. Mike Huckabee: Well said.
BAN him from the WH Press he gets on our nerves
If I were President Trump I would have Little Jimmy toasted and barred from the White House
I would! He is a baby
Yes. AND the White House has the right to pull his credentials for his behavior. No one is a bigger advocate for #FreeSpeech than me. However if I go to Church, Work, or School & scream questions at the top of my lungs until noticed, I get fired. If he can't follow rules, BYE
And yes, there are rules of decorum. You are allowed to do whatever you want in this world. You just can't always get what you want.
 I havnt heard that saying in a while! Thank you
We hear it all the time here in Arkansas. I never realized how much i missed it until i lived in Arizona, Alaska, and Germany. One of the reasons i moved back.
Jim is just annoying and not much of a reporter either.
You’re great Gov. Huckabee and I love your beautiful daughter too.
She is fabulous!
Dear @JimAcosta Now that you’ve read the first, why don’t you scroll down and read the rest. They’re just a important.
Revoke his press credentials. He, like everyone else at CNN, are fake journalists and reporters.
Not even reporters...all the MSM outlets and they all report the same garage. Anyone can read fiction
Which garage are they reporting on today?
lol  lib spelling patrol
Well some of us are merely out to try and make the world a little better one spelling and grammar correction at a time. I mean, don't you think we all shd strive to better ourselves a little bit each day?
If that what gets u off then sure
I try not to...lol but sometimes it is better
Why Acosta still has White House Press Credentials is a mystery!? He is just an unchecked Heckler. Wake up White House.
Got em there Huck!  Acosta is pathetic and is always interrupting.
Don’t understand why they just don’t ban him. I’d kick his a#s to the curb. Sorry for the language @GovMikeHuckabee
It’s funnny and effective to see him make an idiot of himself. He literally thinks people take him seriously but the jokes on him 
#Trump2020
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree does it?
Enjoy as we stack the SCOTUS and Fed Judgeships 
#MAGA
They will just do something stupid (like they always do) and get removed from the bench. #MAGA my ass.
We gonna mess up Left wing,socialist agenda for generations
#KAG!
The right is failing. Your party tried to put a pedophile in the U.S. Senate. That didn't work out so well. The GOP failed in Virgina and New Jersey. Let's not forget PA 018. Oh that's right, facts don't matter to conservatives. 
Ok. Agree to disagree.
Well he acts his part for his network--Child News Network
That is really an insult to children but well done
Yeah I know but it was the first thing I thought of. LOL
@Acosta     Jim Acosta is doing a great job of being a ignorant jerk..someday he may actually realize this .. but i doubt it . he is too arrogant
You can also get fired for abusing that right in your profession. How you perform your job does count.

 lol
Governor, he was being an asshole, plain & simple.

He "does his job"like a petulant 5 year old.
I think he might be related to the Hogg brat!
You just insulted the mule.   Lol
He should have been escorted from the event... After President Trump knocked the hell out of Him.. I know - I know - The President couldn't do that... But I would love to see it..
I love you @GovMikeHuckabee
It shows how appropriate that his tendency is to support the party of the donkey, which has another name (jack...)! 
Acosta is cheap entertainment. Not sure why CNN would keep him on the payroll
They keep Acosta because they can't find anyone with a lower IQ
#FakeNewsAcosta #FakeNewsCNN #pullAcostaspresscredentials

That wasn't the place to do it though.  Try to be decent.
He doesn’t have a decent bone in his body

Thanks you are so right on
I think its childish indecency. Let the children participate in the games & save the questions for the President to a more appropriate time. The man has a White House Press Pass. He has far more access to @POTUS  & @PressSec  than any of us. Why then at an event for children?

Your jokes get worse and worse every time you tweet. Your daughter is a terrible human, you are a terrible comedian, and your son is the worst animal care specialist known to man.
What a ray of sunshine you are!
Such disrespect... can't stand him...he is a true bitch baby
Coward.. LMFAO..that was Obama...
When the constitution and Bill of Rights suits him
Acosta,being a JACKALOPE seems to be his ongoing gig.
On  Gov
Yes, yelling questions at POTUS really teaches children proper behavior.  I guess the teachers can thank Acosta when the kids are then yelling questions at him/her in the classroom.  #norespect #ignoranceisobviouslyblissatCNN
Apparently it is his parenting style. Pathetic jerk! @Acosta
I just love this Governor! I wish we had one like you @GovMikeHuckabee in California!
I don’t think it’s possible to dislike him if they do they have the problem
We agree! @Acosta
Bingo
Huckabee for chief justice
Or Pres after 8 years Trump and 8 years Pence
He is unprofessional and rude. The children did not deserve to be in ear shot of his rude questions about DACA. Not the time nor the place. He should be banned from any White House reporting. Dems refused a compromise for DACA. They created it. 
Acosta could be more respectful  for the children. There is a time and place to speak.
Just because you CAN doesn't mean you SHOULD!
That’s what Liberals simply cannot grasp. No manners, it is a free for all.
@Acosta telling someone to read the constitution is laughable since you and your low tanked ratings net work @CNN is a joke since you don’t even understand presidents constitutional rights! Surprised you were able to understand 1a you don’t any other amendment! Jerk
boom  well said Mike 
@Acosta is a wannabe Sam Donaldson. Btw - CNN in  2017 ranked No. 5 among basic cable networks, average of 783K viewers – CNN’s first time in the Top 10 since 1995. In primetime, CNN ranked No. 10 among cable nets with an average of 1.062M.  Roseanne had 25 million!
He wants attention and no matter the bad press; he likes attention he will never go away!
Well placed boot sir.
The First Amendment prevents the Government from constraining the contents of Acosta's speech. It does not shield him from public opprobrium for being a jerk on Easter.
Why is he allowed to be around children and the Whitehouse? We have to beef up security at some point
You're just not a good person.
Acosta is not guaranteed a presence at the White House.
Nothing in our constitution says every 2 bit jack who works for CNN is allowed the privilege of being around the President
I wish he would read it. I know we have a first amendment but he doesn’t care about the children
It’s NOT his job to shout during a children’s event..he should try and have some decorum..which he obviously lacks!!
To bad someone did not pelt him with a raw egg
I guess Acosta doesn't realize that Integrity doesn't come along with use of the first amendment .
Yes. That is precisely right.
@Acosta does not know his south end from a hole in the ground.  What a disrespectful human being Jim Acosta is.  Did Jimmy ever yell out questions to Obama while just doing his job?  I give Jimmy his new FOREVER NAME of "Screaming Jimmy!"  BTW, I'm just doing my job!
So your daughter lying day in and out at the press room podium is all good? Yep you raised her well to lie to America!!!!

Judgement day from my Lord God is coming soon. 

#alieisalie
#mondaymention
Governor Huckabee, you and your daughter are great, respectable leaders!!!
Acosta your rudeness is noted.  Too bad a person in your position doesn't exercise more control and grace.

Your "approach" demonstrates you belong nowhere near the powerful.
....isn’t it funny how they pull that one out when convenient!  @Acosta is only concerned with #1stAmendment when it benefits him!  #ISupportLauraIngraham #IStandWithLaura
You mean South end of Sarah?
Ew, burn. Criticize a man's daughter. Stay classy.
Yes he uses the First Amendment well ...for vile hatred
Acosta is an idiot there’s a time and a place for everything and a Children’s Event was not the time ...yes you have the 1st Amend right to do so but one would think one would use a little common sense you foolish man does that make you feel big or important
This just proves that Acosta has lost all credibility as a journalist. he needs to go. But it may cause him to cry
Can Laura Ingraham exercise hers also?
He should be fired right now...he went too far. How come he’s the only one yelling at @realDonaldTrump all the time? And at @PressSec too...the other journalists are not yelling...so it proves that @Acosta isn’t doing a good job 
Some folks use first amendment to jack their jaw but need to show enough tact to know when NOT to run their mouth.
Time for Ole Jim to get a mental health check up!
That’s just Jim, a-costing people as usual.....

Didn't realize that making yourself (@Acosta) look like an idiot was a first amendment right. Thanks for educating me.
But...Governor, he is NOT the only one who can do his job, but Trump is the only one who can be POTUS. Smiles.  God Bless!

Governor-I love your Mule/Acosta analogy! It’s Spot on Sir! 
No original news from Acosta...no investigative journalism... just shouting out the most stupid questions confirming his intellectual inferiority and CNN credentials for fake news.
Hey Gov. how funny would it have been if the kids egged him.... @Acosta
BWAHHAHAHAHA! South end of a North bound mule! lol!  
Jim might not understand what you're talking about, so I made a visual aid.
The guy is a moron Gov. He is no journalist he's a gossip or shall I say a hattacht man selective gossip
And POTUS pontificating about how great he is in front of a confused rabbit and kids just wanting candy is what Mr Acosta ruined?
WHEN will they BAN this AHOLE from the WH???!!!
The south end of a north bound mule. Love the analogy lol.
Tell it like it is @GovMikeHuckabee . CNN is crap.
Did God call you to preach Trump.
Read Galatians 1:15-16
Since speech is protected by 1A, @Acosta justifies being a reprehensible repulsive human being.  He’s an annoying distractive agitator, not a respected reporter/journalist. Pull his press pass!
Perhaps if @potus would have a press conference or do an interview with someone other than State TV Acosta wouldn’t have to.
@Acosta Yes, it is covered by 1st amendment.  But it is rude and classless.  Perhaps that is how they do it south of the border. He has done it many times at press conferences as well.
You are the South end of a North bound mule!
Don't get me started...

They don't have to give him credentials though because he has clearly become an unhinged threat to the President and shouldn't be anywhere near him.
@Acosta You’re correct it is you’re right but how about being respectful?  Do you even know what that word means?  #jerk #hypocrite #CNNfakenews
He missed the photo opp!
Acosta is a foul mouthed fool that no one takes seriously. I hope they're paying him well because when Soros cuts the funding for CNN that idiot isn't going to be able to find a job if he payed them to hire him.
Dudes a complicit #Mockingbird
The way you lie @Acosta 
you might want to read the 
BIBLE skippy.
@POTUS opened the door for questions when he stood on the balcony next to the bunny and his miserable @FLOTUS and starting bragging about his fake accomplishments.  Keep up the good work @Acosta.
What a horrible human being you are
Is he human?
Jim Acosta has lost all credibility....if he ever had any. Simply someone to laugh at, shake your head and say "Bless his heart, he's just not right now is he?"
I love the way you put things, Governor!!
Right on Gov. Huckabee!!! But.... why waste time on a puke like Acosta?
sorry, don't get my Bible interpretation from godless evangelical trump worshippers.
Really Jim...yes it is your right...but keep reading ...there is also a 2nd Amendment (among others) I don’t see you speaking up to protect that one ...your a whiny hack
Liberals are so "wishy washy" they really don't have any values, no moral compass, just a lust for power that drives them to disregard consequence, how can you join  PETA,  but promote abortion? "don't hurt that dog, what do you think, it's a baby or something?"
Dave I completely agree. Their ideologies are based on which group of people can they manipulate and oppress and keep them in that place and secure their votes. They've done it with the blk population, women, dreamers, now kids, but not those killed @ PP.
@Acosta You may want to review your morals, values & character. I've never seen such vile hatred spewed at a DULY ELECTED @POTUS . Nobody deserves the kind of disrespect you show to President @realDonaldTrump & nobody has the right to bully & intimidate anyone! YOU ARE FAKE NEWS+
Acosta is a TRUE propagandized, sycophant Lib/Leftist progressive who blathers ONLY pre-approved ANTI-#MAGA narratives. Worse, Acosta thinks 'Freedom of the Press' means LYING TO PUBLIC by HIDING OR IGNORING FACTS that PROVE OPPOSITE of what RADICAL LEFTISTS' NARRATIVES CLAIM.
I believe what the Governor is try politely to say is Acosta is an:
@Acosta Is such a drama queen
Haaaaaa 
Chip Acosta....for that huge CHIP on his shoulder.
.Acosta's not the highest quality Ribbed-Condom up a Liberal Teen's nose, is he?
And apparently he gets paid on a sliding obnoxious scale.
Did you happen to listen to 45s speech to the children about the Easter Egg Roll where he couldn’t remember the name of the White House nor did he mention Easter but he did talk to the “children” about our great powerful military and strong economy (that was about to tank)
Acosta can also exercise his 1st amendment right while standing with his microphone in the @WhiteHouse parking lot. I think the time for that is fast approaching.  #KAG
Acosta can take his mike and shove it where the sun don't shine which north and south holes on his body are one in the same
He's like watching a child - not a grown adult man. His behavior speaks for itself and he just doesn't get why he is shown the disrespect that he is. It is deserved.
I think I have figured out that David Hogg may actually be David Acosta. Doesn’t his mom work there? Would explain a lot!
Even a STOPPED clock is right twice a day.   Yes, the 1A gives Acosta the RIGHT to flap his self-righteous gums, but DOES NOT mandate that we LISTEN!!#VeryFakeNews#CorruptNewsNetwork
The problem with Mr Acosta’s Ilk is that they stop reading after the 1st amendment.
Older version of David Hogg!!!
Has Jim Acosta ever read the Second Amendment? If that can change, why can’t we change the first amendment too?????
Maybe he should hold a press conference. Like every other POTUS. 
Oh right!! That would be another PERJURY TRAP.......
Your daughter is quite the accomplished liar. You must be so proud....
#TrumpRussia
#MuellerTime
Well, to be honest they are known to be part of the fake news network, sorry but CNN is Clinton News Network
Give it to'em Gov Mike !
Could he just be quiet and think of the children?!  Kids deserve a kid-friendly environment!  They don't need to hear the word "kill" any more than they have to. Disgusting Acosta.
@Acosta  Hey little Jimmy why don't you transfer to the South Pole and Do the Weather outside you would be great at it
He, personally, does not have the RIGHT to be a member of the press corp. There are many other reporters who'd love his seat. It's time to ban @Acosta & give his seat to a REAL journalist. @PressSec
Acosta is the most unprofessional reporter I ever remember!  This is what CNN has to offer! Acosta thinks he’s making a name for himself, and yes he is, he is making an idiot of himself and CNN!
Right on Gov.
Whatever happened to decorum?  You're at the WH libtard, not an Antifa march.  Just the kind of loudmouth carnival barker we expect from CNN.
If it weren't for low class @Acosta would have no class at all
Ban him from White House Grounds.
#LesserKnownFacebookScandals
He has no respect for anyone and needs to be fired or sued until he stops his disrespect. !! He is a disgrace.
as always... #rekt 
Cra! Cra!!
The right to free speech is one that can often also exhibit the right to live life as a complete idiot. Acosta is the perfect example.
'Acosta indeed makes the Dem symbol proud'!
WH should make Acosta protest where anybody else who wants to protest WH must go: Opposite side of Pennsylvania Avenue, in the park. 
Constitution doesn't say anybody has right to heckle on WH grounds!
Yes, the first Amendment gives all the right to make asses of ourselves.  Most choose not to.
Acosta just keeps humiliating himself!
Nice.
MULE?
Acosta is s horrible waste of skin.
Permently kick HIM out of the WHITEHOUSE> #CNNSUCKS!
CNN SUCKS
Love that one! For you #Dems that's an A$$
@Acosta #jackass #CNN 1st amendment rights. #useyourbrain Time and place for everything, Easter Egg Roll isn’t one of them.
Thank you Gov. Huckabee for your excellent analysis of Jim “ACOUSTIC’S” recent asinine remarks.
Sorry until it’s a level playing field then he needs to get the same treatment as @IngrahamAngle got. He needs to go.
My grandpa always used to say there were more horses asses than there are horses in the world lol he was SO right
Doing you job for whom?  Not me, not most people.  That is an idea of your own making.  I wouldn't trust your reporting on a kite festival.
In a word IDIOT!!!!
You just don’t like the Freedom Of The Press Mr fascist supporter.
What a wimp he is....
I just can't make up my mind on who is the dumbest Huckabee. Mike or Sarah. Things that make you go hmmmmmm
Why Jim Acosta is allowed at ANY White House event is unfathomable to me.
In all fairness, sir, it's truly bizarre for the President to make a political speech to children from a balcony, and then while seated among them, talk forcefully about deporting children and breaking up families. That's no way to celebrate Easter with little kids.
@Acosta is a SAD SAD MAN.  He is the epitome of why #realamerians dont trust the Media.
 @GovMikeHuckabee  good one 
Rule of thumb for a parent; if you frequently are in need to defend your vile, lying, kid you probably raised them to be a vile, lying person.
Because DACA isn’t about children.
Love you Governor, congrats on your show on TBN, good clean entertainment
You say Mule, I say Jackass
Acosta, is nothing but a bully and should be banned from the Whitehouse. He is a trashy human being, we know he doesn’t believe in God, so the only reason he was there upsetting a child’s days and Easter celebration in to further his own sick ideology. @PressSec @foxnews @Acosta
Jim @Acosta is after the facts, not the emotions which dominate fox "news" and other low IQ/EQ news sources.
Christian, what church preaches what you spew?
Any that believe truth is more powerful than lies.
Pray, harder, judge not lest ...
Jim Acosta, no one wants to prevent Ufrom performing your job. Why would Uthink that a children’s,non political, event was the time and place 2harangue our President while upsetting the young attendees?No one questions your ambition but they do question your timing. RU A Bully?
Is that mule's south end in Arkansas, you mean?
It would explain, er, you, your family, and lots of northbound mules.
That's the South end of a North bound jackass correct? I thought so
The Guv is right!
That is a pretty lame answer coming from Mr. Acosta. Sounds like something a high schooler would say, not a professional
So many Fit that description....
If Jesus came back today & saw how badly you've corrupted his message of love, faith & charity w lies, manipulation & supporting a serial adulterer who's admitted openly to sexual assault, & viciously attack anyone criticizing yr mediocre daughter, he would cry, be disgusted SAD!
Sure, it was much better for Con-in-Chief to give the kids a progress report on the military.
acosta....you are correct.....1st amendment protect people like you with a moron ideas....
Governor....you have to keep in mind  that Acosta might not be accustomed to such a glorious description of himself....let’s try another:  Perhaps shouting out as he did just proves he thinks more with his 3rd point of contact, than his head.
Please somebody send Jim the definition of an ass. Better send him a mirror.
@Acosta is wrong in that he was NOT just doing his job. His job title does not include tormenting children on EASTER.
Hey Acosta asshole, you need to get another job, how about Chuckie Cheese??????
Suddenly the constitution is valid, eh Acosta?
Wouldn’t expect any less from you Jimmy.

Gov. Your so Right about the CNN idots..

@Acosta is the whole mule - as you well know it is called a jackass in the South!
Speaking of children’s events...did you watch that pathetic, disinterested reading your daughter gave at the WH Easter Egg Roll? Those poor kids...
Because yelling a question is so much worse than actually raping a child like Trump huh Mike?
Mike: Do you remember that exact moment when you first sold out America to Russia??? You even got your daughter doing it. You’re a shame to your family, State & nation.

I wonder if Acosta even subscribes to the code of ethics for journalists...for that matter any journalists who call themselves a legit journalist....http://journalism.sfsu.edu/pages/journalism-department-code-ethics-and-conduct …
Ban CNN's @Acosta and all Fake News from The WhiteHouse. He scares children and doesn't respect The House of the People of the USA #WhiteHouse #BanAcosta #MAGA
I find it funny even my 17 year old liberal son thinks CNN is trash
#JimAcosta and #CNN are a disgrace.

@Acosta , You incorrectly used the #AssEndment instead of #1stAmendment.
@TheDailySheeple @DrEowyn
Ha ha ha ha. Governor, you are hilariously truthful!
He is just rude be appropriate!
Gov., once again you have proven what a person with no class thinks is witty humor. You are not homespun or clever. You are just rude and mean.
Jim Acosta needs a lesson in showing RESPECT.    NOT TO MENTION......HUMILITY.
While Acosta may be constitutionally correct, intelligence dictates not to disrupt a children's event to pursue the stroking of One's ego! Acosta's outburst simply makes him pathetic.
Homespun witicisms are all you're good for "huckster"
