My husband and I love your show. We have it scheduled to record so we won’t miss it. We especially like your openings. Thank you for your insight and all you do.
Watching you embarrass yourself this week by calling for police to raid the FBI reminded me WHY your "presidential run" failed so miserably.
You are the epitome of sanctimonious!
... Mike, there you go begging people to watch your show. Can't it stand on it's own merits? Must you go begging all the time? ...
Don’t worry Huck. We in TEXAS don’t waste our time listening to you.
Can you explain the lie your daughter @PressSec posted yesterday? Mike Pence was in Peru. Pres Sec would not be at that table. When exactly was that pic taken? #Liar
Hey Mike, today would be a good day to tell @PressSec that telling lies is a sin.
TBN? Lol
You WILL go to prison. its just a matter of time. America sees what your doing... and so does the @FBI
Go Mike !!!!!! Awesome warrior !!!!
You are a failure was given a show on an irrelevant network to prove that you know nothing about anything
heres ur herooooooooooooooo
Not a showboat at all... nope.. zero showboating from you..no need for attention.. not trying to stay relevant..nope..no hypocracy from you.
Wish the IRS @ federal government would try your way of thinking. Tax what we buy, not what we make or try to save. Can't understand why I work so hard to pay for those who won't work. An yet if someone who draws a ck. tye's to go to work they cut their ck off completely.
Love you Gov Huckabee. You really nailed it.
What did you call me?
Lol! You are the funniest tweeter by far! 
That’s awesome you’re going to show Trumps taxes! #Storms-a-Coming
Love your show, thank you for supporting President Trump and we absolutely love Sarah
#Texit?
SICK HUCKY
Watched about half. I have an early am alarm. Enjoyed your show.
I love watching your show! Keep up the great work! 
#GodsPlans #GodsHands
Watched last night,awesome govna!
I really love watching your show, so does my husband , thank you very much. God Bless you and you Family !
He’s mocking the hearing impaired. Will rot in so called Christians hell
Why is your daughter such a liar?
Last night the President put our adversaries on notice: when he draws a red line he enforces it. (Inside the Situation Room as President is briefed on Syria - Official WH photos by Shealah Craighead) 
TaxWhatAss?WhatDidYouSay?(HearingThing)
Mike, we love you. Great entertainment.
