Who cares about an evangelical with lies spewing out of his mouth and his daughters mouth daily. Block me too you fake religious leader.
I asked him to block me, too. We shall see.
Hahaha. You actually think you’re lame tweets are funny? Or that they aren’t for the feeble? Hahahahahahahahaha! You had to block him? Aren’t you a special snowflake.
Dude, next to @ericbolling , you're the nicest guy on Twitter. If people have a problem with you, THEY'RE the problem.
ABSOLUTELY  right!  Great to have people Like these!!
I agree , I was forced to block a religious maniac , who unleashed his followers on me . anyone who disagreed with this demagoge , was attacked relentlessly . best thing I ever did on facebook .
Blocking critics is a weak and narccisist politicans move. Addicted to praise and compliments?
You're saying Huckabee is being an ignorant idiot. Someone criticized him and he Twitter-ignores that person. AND BRAGS ABOUT IT. Your logic is failing.

Hillary? Is that you sweetheart? You lost. Get over it cupcake.
you're so nice!! Im gonna have to debate the cupcake thing though. she is at best a week old  pita pocket lol.
Wow, they really got under your thin skin. You always say things about people you're not "required" to listen to. So you're never again allowed to comment on what anybody says on twitter...ever.
.... always masterful with the satire
smooth move Guv. I have finally gotten old enough that I don't give a single hoot what anyone has to say to my posts.... you're a funny guy, not your fault liberals have no sense of humor or capacity for critical thinking
IDK I read many of his posts & there’s not a single thing of humor or merit. He’s actually a pretty sick individual. I don’t get why anyone would stand for him. He needs to go away.
Please just die already I will help any way I can #mag
Sir since I first saw you on the Fox network I grew into a lifelong friend. Your faith and practical aproach has been a big help to me. And Sarah follows your footsteps. God bless you and your family.
Well, I do agree.. that @PressSec follows in her fathers footsteps.  In other words...
The shit doesn’t fall far from the dog.

Geezus... how fucking ignorant and lost do people have to be to praise and hail such lying pieces of hypocrisy?

Feel sorry for all of you!

Typical liberal
Governor, we love your "garbage and spew". It's hilarious. But, we like @PressSec  better. 
Don’t feel bad, Mike; I was “outed” as a “political bot”! OR a “highly moderated account” ! Duh, I am SO not a bot (ask my husband) and, of course I moderate my account....VOCIFEROUSLY! #DontTalkToMeIveBeenBad
But if you do that, how will we know which  people to follow?
Please block me, too? I’d wear it as a badge of honor.
You call yourself a preacher. I can’t imagine your hateful words coming out of Jesus’ mouth.
Please don't block me governor and give it some consideration of may be helping us out either donating a dollar if that's all you can afford  @gofundus2018’s Tweet:
https://www.pscp.tv/w/bU8tGDFvTlFsSnJHb3pwand8MUJkR1lSYVZyakFKWMA2Fu1ucUgQm0mFSnKYNETx_in4FkWcBz763yrLC2le …

You’re the sad, bitter one. Your daughter’s the troll.
You have an obligation to not block people on your official government Twitter account. Oh, wait...
Good for you Sir
So.e of the most vile comments are to the President of the United States!
Don’t worry about people like that they don’t work and live in their parents basement looking for free stuff
 love the Huckabees! 
Love the Gov AND Sarah...God Bless All Huckabees ,
“Feeble, hateful & humorless”- those terms aptly describe yourself.  You have a daughter that lies for a living & a son that tortured a dog. Who knows what other dark secrets you are hiding. You need to #STFU
Ooo I don't agree with your bought and paid for ideologies either! I'd love it if you blocked me or engage me in conversation like a man; I'm good either way.
Not everyone lives like a demarat,crooked ya know like clintons,muellar,ocrumma
I'm dealing with real life right now. Please try back later when I give a fuck about whatever fever dream you're living in, buddy.
The one were all the crooked bums on the left finally get indited,and the crooked media has to find another dead horse to beat.The real Russia Democrat scandal getting exposed.
I block people that respond with vulgar,  hateful language that I know just want to pick a fight. 
I'm not here for that!  I'm here for my President.
Just be sure to report them for hateful tweets before you block.
Thank you I didn't know I could that
Great idea, Gov!! Block him!!!
Now that's the first funny thing you ever posted considering you are a feeble, hateful, humorless half assed attempt at being a Twitter troll. Looks like the only place you've failed worse is manhood since your Trump's little c0ck-holder these days.
And Governor that is exactly why I follow you!
BTW  I'd rather be Sarah and have my beauty continually grow in people's eyes as they got to know me than have beauty on the outside and be empty on the inside. Your daughter is one of our nation's greatest assets. Thank you governor
Sure, the citizenry of darkness do not respond to truth with indifference, their’s is a relentless hatred.  The virtue of truth can always be identified by the anger it kindles among those who refuse to accept.
Speaking truth to snowflakes never works out well for snowflakes.
Good for you
Jackson abused Propofol.
You joked about propofol.
Propofol is not an opioid.  But (one) considering our country’s “epidemic,” how are you comfortable making such a joke?
(Two), was your Tweet a result of “mild euphoria, sexual fantasies & sexual inhibition?”
I’d like to miss most of the garbage your daughter spews out of her face, but unfortunately she’s Mango Mussolini’s talking drone
Gotta keep your safe space don’t you Mike?

So you block yourself? Your tweets ARE "feeble, hateful and humorless".
 tell them Mike

Thank you, Governor.
Many trolls will follow just to gather intel and create an attack plan.
They're called 'SPIES' and should immediately be BLOCKED!
You do you
Awwh!
I find you funny. Keep on keepin on!!
The libs are driving me nuts! 
You're so brave.
Love  your tweets and humor. Keep on blocking
Yes, people know they don't have to follow you.  They also know they don't have to look at a head-on collision.
Twitter setting to allow interaction with real people and businesses only?
You are great! And so is @PressSec!
Mike, you're not being honest enough.  I know ... how? .... often times truth needs not to block others.  Truth gets unfollowed.
Shoot I block people all day long. 
A person gets them in the colon once in awhile.  OUT they must go!
Some people just don't get the Arkansas humor, wisdom, and being southern.  I've blocked a couple of people.  Good for you Governor.  From this Arkansas Christian Grandmother & proud to say so.
I also generally try to miss most of your garbage and spew.  So block me, too, Felicia!
Sir, @GovMikeHuckabee ,You are a breath of fresh air in this sometimes desolate stink filled Country with all of the pettiness going around. Thank you for being grounded and faithful. God bless you.
You, sir, are a gentleman and a hero! Love your tweets and sense of humor!
Tweeters are like Herpes;They keep flaring up,and never go away.
when we leave we will take you back to space with us on the mothership. we don’t understand but we enjoy your jokes.
No they are the new wave liberals. They are void of rational logical thoughts
Me and my hubby laughed our asses off at your colonoscopy tweet Mike!  one off for your appreciative followers 
Well done.
Oh you naughty boy, with your blocking and your provocative jokes. You're an edgy thing aren't you Gov?
Pragmatic decision, lesson 4 same minds
why not just mute them 'talk to the hand' lol 'I' know though so '97
Love your tweets. One thing better is how your daughter handles the stupid press.
Nothing the democrats say or do should come as a surprise anymore but i turn on the news and Surprise!!!
You are hilarious and Sarah is fantastic ! 
Yeah
I love your viewpoints, serious and humorous!
A bit thin skinned aren't you Mike?
I say block away!
I block trolls . No time for it . Deflect the negativity at all times !
I love your sense of humor.  I really do.
Good for you, that's the best way to deal with these nut cases. You can explain everything that they should understand and when you prove that thier wrong they still will say their right. They have to make thier own choices. Have a Blessed Evening!
Your an honest man with a great heart for our country and it’s people.  Thank you 
Well that's the pot calling the kettle black
Hahahaha you go Gov
Well said Gov. Mike!
Humorless?  You feel that you have a sense of humor?  How funny THAT is!
I have had to block a few trolls tonight. For some reason they are out in full force tonight.  1 had the audacity to accuse my combat Vet husband of being a bot.
Hahahaha !  Good for you, Gov Huckabee.  
I find a lot of hatred & vitriol commenting to my tweets (which are my opinion)- I don’t get it. Why read my stuff if it ticks you off so much. It’s so silly
Wait..."feeble, hateful & humorless"...Isn't that the Republican base?
Gov., you are one of the few I enjoy listening to these days! And, you are definitely not a Troll! My Hubby and I love tuning into the WH Press Conf. each day, just to watch Sarah give them what for. Can't tell you the # of times came away laughing! Your Good People!
As well you should - so did I!
I love you brother!
Well, I for one, LOVE your tweets!!
Oh, so there *is* one. Good to see they're not a total waste of time.
Yes don’t feed the trolls.
Oh. I thought your tweets were for the feeble, hateful, or humorless.
GREAT response Gov. Huckabee !
Wow, you are such a man!
Haha his loss!
Whoever told you that you were funny was being cruel to all of us.
