You call this one in from the couch in your undies? Weak....
You have become scoundrel
Is that in a good way?
If backing a predatory sex offender as president is “in a good way” ... sure
Your falling for it. Sad you look like a smart man.
That's the absolute TRUTH!!!

Sarah H Sanders lies for a draft dodging, predatory sex offender who is a failed business man, fraudster and treasonous scoundrel.  Other then that, she is awesome
Its so unbelievably pathetic that the House is into creating conspiracy theories and mistrust of the Justice system the way the executive branch is. Shining example of what the Republican Party has become.
Why I and many have left the Republican Party
You’re all about the team so sad. A real republican would be open to and take responsibility for better or worse.
So would a real Christian. The Huckabees have no morals.
You’re completely right. I never once see the Governor say something kind of conciliatory...or perhaps even challenge those within his own party when one makes a mistake.
You are so right.
With that overflow of evidence, how could he be wrong? 
WILL   MUELLER  GRILL  HILLARY?   HELL NO
ROFL Horseshit, Mike. Does lying run in the whole Huckabee family, or is it just you and Sarah? For so-called "Christians" your family has terrible morals. Remember that whole "thou shalt not bear false witness" thing? LOL Your whole family is bad at truth.

Imbecile
U know that 4 a fact, do ya?Why doncha just mosey up 2 the Capitol & explain it 2 all those fancy lawyers who don't know how smart you are? Jesus!
Sure, and pigs can fly. Now I see where Sarah gets her lying from. Maybe u need to do some fact checking, why is it u are so fast to blame the Dems when it’s Trumps so called mentors/lawyer that are under investigation
Glad to see you're still 100% full on traitor and enemy of America. What else is new? Please go away, America begs you
Demonstrably untrue.  Apparently, lying is in the DNA.
By making this comment you're just showing how ignorant or what a liar you are. Mueller will not be stopped and a string of corrupt Repiglicans will go to prison as a result. BlueWave gonna celebrate.
#FakeChristian Mike and his vile daughter Sarah bear false witness every single day. When someone calls them out on their lies, they play the victim. SAD! It's funny that Sarah is destroying Mike's slim chances of every being president. It'll never happen now.
Lying seems to be easy for the Huckabee family.
‘Only?’  Prove it.  Inquiring minds want to know.
+DNC & Hillary Clinton opened their servers 2 the world. IMHO this nonexistent Russian collusion w Trump was to divert attention from the @wikileaks emails that were supplied by disgruntled The Bern/DNC staffers.  Russia did not give 2 @JulianAssange #HillaryForPrison #ObamaGate
Ooooohhhhhhhh. You have sold your soul as well
...and this is what God said when he spoke to @SHSPRESSSEC 's daddy.
Such lies from mikey. Like father like duaghter.
Not according to the Mueller investigation, but the again, you’re not big on truth.
How do you know? Is it true because you say so?
and only them.
Nobody cares about you.
So, you gave up on the whole "going to Heaven" thing, huh?  It's probably for the best.
Are you still Governor of that shitty state?
Sorry it was begun by republicans stop rewriting history. You have begun to be seen as a liar and fake
Like daughter, like father
I still want to know Why @FoxNews projected this for a hot second when you were on @JudgeJeanine on Sat April 28.
I was able to grab a pic with DVR.
Ok and we're supposed to believe you?, when your daughter works for the liar in chief!!

#RepublcansWithoutBalls #KAG @POTUS #MAGA #QAnon #FakeNews #InternetBillOfRights #winning :
those words will come back to haunt you.
Fake preacher with a lying  daughter, you omitted the payments Russia made to the NRA.
It goes deeper than that Gov.
Nope wrong again. You're on the wrong side of history. Can't wait.

And yet 3 guilty pleas so far from trump's campaign, 14 individual & 3 corporate indictments.
*Please elaborate,Mike.

Mike, you've had too much koolade
We have a ton of evidence proving that. So why aren't they investigating them and look to where the evidence and truth takes?
Oh was there a DNC rep in Trump tower meeting with Russians, Trump jr, Russian agent Manifold, etc.?  Was Flynn, Papandopolous, Carter Page etc working for the DNC??  Man I never knew until now
 now we know where Sarah learned to lie! Daddy! #GOPlies
Delusional just like David Dennison, I mean @realDonaldTrump ...
#liars
#treason
@GOP

What a ridiculous statement.

Another classic Joke by Huckleberry....Remember this lie, you're going to own it.
Hello?  Where is Session and some prosecution?
If all you got is conspiracy theories you better hang it up. We are a nation of rules and laws supported by facts in court.
Well except for Flynn, Manafort, the 13 Russians, Gates, Junior, Kushner, & papdopoulos.

Isn’t there something in the Bible about ‘bearing false witness’?

Sad, that greed has walked you & Sarah away from those 10 commandments.
On the wrong side of history Mike.
Why isn't Mueuler investigating the DNC and Hillary?
@WhiteHouse is also misinformed about the nature of current crimes.  Drug crimes in my area are not committed by immigrants, nor are sex crimes, unless you consider Native Amerians the only non-immigrants.  @SenWarren do you welcome Whites and Afircan Americans?  I do.
How do you look at yourself, your children and grandchildren everyday?
You're ignoring 34 years of #TrumpRussia, including #moneylaundering for the Russian mob.


Ummm it sounds good. But that ain’t the truth.
FBI DOJ and state
Oh yeah...explain this dummy
And you wonder why they destroyed your lying daughter. I see she gets it from you. Get ready because after November you will go back to being a nobody
You poor misguided man. Your soul will burn in Hell along with your lying daughters.
Let's put an end to the ridiculousness.

It’s appalling, every honest person knows this. The evidence has been uncovered for months and continues to be uncovered. Yet, still a special counsel investigating the Trump campaign, while completely ignoring evidence against HRC, FBI & DOJ
#fakenews ignores the real crimes

@giufuliafa
No. Calling the dossier “paying Russians for dirt” is a TOTAL mischaracterization. Read the fusion gps transcripts sometime. Don’t watch fuckabee’s show.
You can’t interpret it differently than what it actually is.
Yes you can. You can read what Glenn Simpson actually said about how it came about. He actually testified before a committee. Where’s Don Jr and the Russian spy’s testimony? Manafort was at the trump tower meeting. WHERE’S HIS TESTIMONY?!
So I cannot watch Huckabee but a I can read Simpson and believe him? Okay. smh
Do you understand the difference between congressional testimony by the founder of a research firm and the TV show of a former senator?! Of course you don’t. You voted for trump. 
Oh boy. 

I guess you can think for me now.
You think a TV host whose son killed his dog and whose daughter lies for a living is more credible than a man who does legal research and testified before congress
Everyone knows this story. Everyone knows it's spin. Everyone knows she's not in hot water as Trump and everyone also knows she did not collude with a GOVERNMENT. That was Trump or at least Trump's campaign. You people, still trying to manipulate others. Nonsense.
Fact.
You are going to die saying what about Hillary Clinton.  If you have dementia take your meds.  If it is pure stupidity god help you.  Thoughts and prayers.
Hey Rev...Doesnt it say somewhere in Exodus, 'Thou shalt not lie?' Just asking...
Huckabee like other Republicans are in denial.
Lies,Lies,Lies

Quit making shit up.
Just like his daughter !! “

Number 1 Rated Liar” 
http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/news/53255 …
So where is equal justice under the law?
Give it a break Mike. You’re trying to cover your daughter’s ass for all the lies she’s telling for the trump administration. For claiming to be “Christian,” you, Sarah, Pence and many others are the biggest hypocrites I know
You mean like Don Jr and that “adoption” meeting?
Sooooooo we're just gonna ignore facts and evidence and just sort of make stuff up now huh?  Ok. Game on. The Republican party is currently run by the giant spider from Lord of the Rings and regularly sacrifices alpacas to the Chupacabra.....you're move Mike.
You can figure out exactly what the DNC and Clintons are doing by observing what they accuse Republicans of doing. It is the best bellwether ever !!
 I see where “Smokey eyed Sarah” gets it. You’ve zero cred.
Don't worry, big Mike, there's probably about 70 million of us that are pretty confident of that.  #MAGA       #KAG.          #TRUMP TRAIN 
And the witch still lost lol
So Trump got it free?  Now, now.   You mean "in kind".
Oh Mike you are funny!  You’ll be saying next that POTUS didn’t have sex with Stormy Daniels! You always make my day. THANKYOU @FoxNews


Your seed is apparently as ugly and as dirty as you Mr Huckabee.
You have two choices Mike.....actually I will give you three. 1.Pray for yourself, you need it. 2.Go check on wacko Kim Davis. 3.GFYS.
CNN-"Can we please change the subject?"
#TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpTreason #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpIsSoBroke #PutinsPuppet #MuellerTime #ImprisonTrump #PeePeeTapes #TrumpIsARacist
Now we got it from. Her good looks too. Lol. Oink.
Jesus wouldn’t approve of your constant lying. You fake Christian monster.
They were doing opposition research  out in the open. Trump campaign was making deals w reps from Russian government for dirt on Clinton. Trying to make sneaky back channels to Russia. Dirty treasonous deeds.
Donald Trump Jared Kushner Donnie Jr Manafort all involved in secret plot Huckabee you know it and so does most of America know it. You conspiring too Mike?
"Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor" you impeccable lying hypocrite!
We'll see what Mueller has to say about that, traitor.
Amén brother!
your pal donny has the most vile mouth imaginable

shes donny boss.......  so whats your take on THAT

Your daughter lied to the American people again. But we’re supposed to feel bad because a comedian told jokes. About her Lying.
Pence's doctor alerted WH aides about Ronny Jackson concerns last fall @CNNPolitics https://cnn.it/2HEY0fe 
Did you not know that Steele dossier was originally funded by Paul Singer to help other Republicans against Trump in the primary? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump%E2%80%93Russia_dossier#Research_funded_by_conservative_website …
False. Washington Free Beacon used Fusion GPS and other firms to find info on all politicians in the election. They have nothing to do with the dossier. That's like falsely accusing someone of RICO charges because you used the same bank as John Gotti.
Lol....whatever helps get you through the night.
Have you been back on Earth in the last 16 months?

Stop spreading lies to your stupid followers. Where is the proof?
Wrong.  You sound just like your daughter with those disturbing lies.
Do you think hypocrites such as yourself ought to be taken seriously?

Who believes you?

Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
Wtg Gov
Thanks for the truth! So tired of lies from DC and lying media
Lock all of them up!! Wake up America before it’s too late!
Stop it Huck.  You are complicit !
yawn, your lies are tedious.
Oh stop these lies!   Jesus does not like liars !!!
How much Russian money have you taken. You speak like it is plenty
Are all these negative comments bots? And he ain't lying yall!
Ok Mikey, go eat yr twix

What a lie. I can't wait for more indictments in the GOP.
@alva_issa I CALL THE WH CORRESPONDENTS DINNER ATTENDEES WHAT JESUS CALLED THEM “A GENERATION OF VIPERS HOW CAN THEY ESCAPE DAMNATION @POTUS @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @JudgeJeanine @FLOTUS @PressSec @mercedesschlapp
You cite your own website as a source???  Lol!! How stupid do you think people are?
No wonder Sludgie Sarah makes such a great Liar for Hire- it's in the genes.
Just stop lying. I sure can see where Sarah gets it.
Oh you have access to mueller files?? Interesting!!
Gonna be a lot of deleted twitter accounts and awkward family get togethers after the IG report drops.
Can I once again point out you aren't a Governor anymore?   Why keep up the false pretense?  You would be shitting yourself if Obama went everywhere calling himself President.
I want to see the scourge of DC punished already
And despite all the evidence that is available and coming out, the DOJ remains silent.  They are waiting until the mid-terms to see if the Dems take over the House and the Senate.

Yes Sir, Governor, but When will we see Prosecutions and Indictments?! Are we ever going to Really and Truly see them, or Is that just Wishful Thinking on my Part?! It needs to happen asap, and esp. before the Nov. 6, 2018, Elections!
Uh, no Mike.

Did the doc lose their handcuffs? They can borrrow mine.
Then why is only the REpublican's and their RW media paid employee's trying so desperately trying to do any & everything possible to take Muelller & his investigation down like guilty corrupt crooks would do? Bec Trump GOP all guilty as sin that's probably why.
Got any facts? Maybe a secret meeting in Clinton Tower? Bill meeting with a Russian lawyer? Just the FACTS Fuckabee, just the FACTS.
The DNC is dragging this country thru the sewer.
Trump is
The only people who were engaging in a secret plot to pay the ASPCA for dirt to influence the public were the Huckabee family after being caught torturing dogs for fun.
The Huckabee farm. 

3 pigs
2 cows 
1 abused and tortured dog 

#FuckTheHuckabees
So which GOP candidate got the oppo started???
you call your self a Christian when you peddle lies like this. I say lies because you know damn well this is not true.
Obviously, stupidity and pathological lying can be passed on from father to daughter.
