I'm sure you support their right to sell to anyone they want, right? Just like a Christian or Muslim bakery?
of course.  Being upset about them dissing gun owners doesn't mean we will go to court like libs do
No we just use the pocketbook veto
exactly!!  We are the quiet, do it right kind
Is this quiet?
as a collective yes
Really? The group blowing up coolers is "being quiet"?
American made Pelican coolers announces it will donate $10 to NRA for every cooler sold this month. Smart.
Uh huh.....YES!
what about people that torture dogs to death? what products are best for those people?
Perhaps Planned Parenthoodl uses Yeti for their body part industry.
@govmikehuckabee Pelican Coolers has just announced that they will donate $10 to the @NRA for every Pelican Cooler sold through 4/30.  
#ThanksPelican #PELICANPROUD
My reusable styrofoam cooler that my steaks came in does the same job as their $400 coolers.
Ok, I’m done with @YETICoolers but let’s not get crazy! 

Yeti to disassociate with Sasquatch as well
Complete idiocy. Plenty of knock offs to take their place...
Does a good “Christian” man such as yourself have better things to do than stirring the pot to try to stay relevant? Guessing no....
He has been and will always be a huge POS. Wayne Dumond, Maurice Clemmons and his own children are all you need to know about the man.
So given someone a second chance makes you a POS, or does it just fit your agenda because that’s all you have ?
That’s the way of the world, manipulating facts to fit ones agenda.
No true sportsman should buy their over-priced coolers... plenty of other options
@YETICoolers is AntiAmerican...I’ll stick with @iglooproducts
Perhaps they understand the damage lobbyist groups like NRA have on our democracy. Kudos to Yeti and any other company or organization who cuts off ties with these groups!
Now, if you guys will just buy enough $300-500 @YETICoolers , maybe they won’t notice that the #2A crowd has abandoned them.
Wrong. I support the 2A. The NRA supports their own pockets and the pockets of gun manufacturers. While related, those are 2 different things.
Don’t we all support our own pockets and what’s in our best interest? I’m always wary of someone who says “I support #2A, but...”
If the NRA were solely supporting the 2A, then they would realize that gun control reform is not a bad thing and it makes reasonable sense. It's the also the responsible, ethical thing to do. But they only care about profits for gun manufacturers and membership. Not the 2A.
There it is...
Yes, it's concerning to admit the NRA only cares about money, right? ;-)
No. It was the “I support #2A, but I also support gun control” thing. I knew it was coming.
Maybe they ought to just make coolers, sell them to whoever wants them, and stay out of politics.
As should every business.
Pelican Coolers has just announced that they will donate $10 to the @NRA for every Pelican Cooler sold through 4/30.  
#ThanksPelican #PELICANPROUD
Sounds like your son will have to find a new way to store the dogs he murders. Maybe @iglooproducts?
Shame on @YETICoolers 

They declined to work with the NRA charity foundation.The members of NRA will take business elsewhere

CHOOSE ANOTHER COOLER BRAND- 
@OrcaCoolers
@OrionCoolers
@EngelCoolers
@GrizzlyCoolers
@RTICCoolers
@LiddUpCoolers
@K2Coolers
Like You Gov....I doubt Yeti is telling the truth.... the whole truth and etc.
I'm reminded..."a half truth is a whole lie"
Pelican supports the NRA and is American made.
And Pelican makes damn good ice chests!
You may want to read @YETICoolers OFFICIAL statement, smear merchant. At no point did they pull from the @NRA. Idiots, like you, stir up drama for no reason. You’d’ve done well working for the man-child @realDonaldTrump.
Reason trumps name calling.
Facts trump emotions.
Why is it always an “us vs them” thing? This is why younger Americans like myself are leaving the GOP. Respect their decision as a business and stop making those who support common sense gun control out to be villains. #ProudModerate #Pro2ndAmendment #ProGunControl
Leaving them to support the pro-abortion party?
No. Leaving them to be an independent and support each candidate based on his/her own merit and stance on an array of positions. I happen to be pro life, but I’m also not a single-issue voter.
You sound like gun control is your single issue if it's one you're changing your vote for. This is especially so for someone who is pro life voting for the pro abortion party, a party which has made it clear that pro life candidates are not welcome.
I happen to be pro life for those both inside and outside of the womb. I do support sensible gun control. I also support several other planks in both the democratic and republican platforms. Hence the change to independent and not democratic.
If that the case it's impossible for you to vote Democrat. The difference between the two issues is that one, being pro abortion, deliberately sets out to end/prevent life, while 99+% of gun owners would never take a life unless attacked.
When it comes to foreign policy, the economy/taxes, and some other domestic issues, I’m pretty well in line with the Republican Party. It’s not just one side or the other. We have to find common ground in the middle. This is why our government is so broken now.
Your intentions seems sound and sensible, but the Ds are now a pro abortion party. If you don't agree with that there is no place for you. Rs are the only alternative
They insured their demise by pissing of the only people that purchase their products lol great business model
Why do u think hunters are the only ones who use YETI coolers? This is weird. You need to chill.
"It blowed up good, it blowed up real good!"
Yeti and many are way out there. Good luck There coolers way over priced anyways much better ones cheaper. Call Blockbuster they have opening.
Did you take your meds today?
Normally I would jump all over the NEGATIVE in your WINDOW slander "Sitting in doors Smoking Pot" There are many and I mean many people who SMOKE pot because it replaces the opioids that drug pushing Dr perscribe.
Yeti- like Bigfoot, and other folk legend myths, will soon become extinct in the land of reality...#BoycottYeti
Pot makes people like u bearable
Yeah, good one Mike. You really need a job, not in politics, maybe taking care of the greens somewhere.
You're doing an awesome job of representing the OPPOSITE of WWJD! Keep up the awful work Fake Rev! You're the best grifter charlatan snake oil salesman money had bought!
@yeti has no idea about who their consumers are. Check pipeline welders and oilfield and see if every single one don’t have a yeti on the back of their truck #byeyeti #kissofdeath
We DUMPED all our @YETICoolers ! NONE of our considerable family, friends or colleagues will purchase from them again. Excellent business model @YETICoolers ; alienate the people with enough MONEY to buy your products. We will buy @RTICCoolers !  @NRA @NRATV @dbongino
Yeti supports the Rubber snorting group so it's good for the brain freeze frenzy
Oh I’m thinking there are plenty of 2a supporting outdoors men and women that have already “disconnected “ with yeti they don’t have to spend time doing it we got it covered #BoycottYeti
would you like some dressing with that word salad?
Never was stupid enough to think that I needed an expensive piece of plastic to keep water cold.
Glad they showed their true true colors, there's other companies to do business with.
people who torture dogs maybe?

Perhaps Planned Parenthood? Transporting parts and all.
I cant believe that these companies get political. Why risk alienating any potential customers? Stu-pid.
Once again, you seem to be much more concerned about enriching the coffers of a wealthy lobbying organization than providing support and comfort to the families of murder victims. Very Christian of you.
Yes, law-abiding gun owners are evil and must be disarmed.
LOL. That’s what you think? 
... still not funny
I think their logic has been put on ice!!
No More (Yeti) for hunters, fishermen, campers, etc.
This tweet is so grammatically broken and bizarre I thought it was from @realDonaldTrump
Yeti products are all over priced & average quality at best
Yeti coolers, like Starbucks coffee are over priced goods.
Better question...Where is the original email sent out by Yeti informing NRA and those other groups?
I'm willing to bet one group will be a former Arkansas governor and his dimwitted, dog killing family.

Can’t wait to see these hillbillies up in arms dumping a clip into their $400 coolers.
Because money equals happiness? You’ve got it twisted.
Also, I was talking about those that are going to shoot up their coolers in protest. Are you one of them?
You might wanna meet some hillbillys, before u go shooting your mouth off. Hillbillys r the most honest loyal friends u could ever have. But stay in your bubble.
I’m saying! No shame in being a “hillbilly” or oilfield trash over here. Making a better living than most of these haters on Twitter.
What they’ve done is akin to “Wilson”saying they will no longer sell Footballs to the NFL or NCAA over a political issue. Recipe’ for Bankruptcy?
I will not buy any of these products
I am a proud NRA member and will never buy a Yeti, shame on any member that does. #NoYeti
I'm glad they showed their true colors, there's other companies to do my business with.
Shut up. You're forgetting hikers, campers, sports teams and fans, long-haul drivers, and plenty of others. You should applaud Yeti's response. It's market forces at work. Stop playing the poor victim, you phony.
I contacted Yeti about this issue and they replied with this email.
Yeti cooler really hurt your feelings. I think they should say sorry for ending the discount program. Maybe then you will stop slandering their brand.
Please let me know the verses in the Bible that instructs Christians to stir the pot and look down on others? Spread love dude. #idontgiveahuck #BlueWave2018
If you refer to Huckabee, his post is really humorous.  He is using irony as satire. Don’t forget, God has a sense of humor. He made you right? Blessings dude.
Orca coolers are made in the USA.
https://www.orcacoolers.com 
Hey Mike! Can’t wait to see you sometime soon!
People like you are what’s wrong with this country
Other groups? Sport fisherman, rock climbers, kayakers, campers and other outdoor enthusiasts who enjoy nature without the use of a firearm.
Are you really this stupid huckleberry?
Themselves!
Yeti is an over priced foam container! Go Igloo!

#AlfieEvans
Your syntax is unbearable.
The dog that your son killed
They already made enough on you stupid trumptards to go home and laugh. These people don't live pay check to pay check like most who bought them.
Such tolerance and acceptance
DONT YOU HAVE SOME GOVERNOR THINGS TO DO BESIDES TWEETING ABOUT YETI FUCKING COOLERS
Yep @YETICoolers who are those groups?
Yes who??????????????????????
To elitist. The same people you guys hate. Get the picture, it's the same people, elitist, like you, who get upset.
Smart yeti. Better then your lying daughter
Skiers, a shit ton of us. I’m gonna buy one tonight.
This cuck said “smoking pot”.
Sell the @YETICoolers  on eBay or a garage sale and buy yourself or a dear liberal friend an NRA membership.
@Pelican_Life Coolers is a better option.

I wouldn’t have any of their products.
Use your Yetti for Target practice
You go Gov!!!!


Your son kills dogs...so 
These liberals keep committing financial suicide..quite amusing. The silent majority..not so silent.
Dam Austin liberals are a stain on Texas. Bye Yeti
Don't own a Yeti , how much ammunition does it hold?
Really Governor, their mommies uses YETI coolers to pack bologna sandwiches and juice packs so the stay cold during their Antifa meetups... doesn't everyone know that???
Hey dummy the NRA's days of scare tactics is drawing to a close
This was a poor choice on their part.  Why can’t we leave politics out of business?  It is bad for business especially today when they alienate half of your potential customers.  Stock holders should be furious.
You don’t know shit. I keep my martinis good & cold in my Yeti while I get high! #LyingHuckabees
Yeti Who??
Well said
Mistake, Yeti.
I didn't think the average anti-Trump person would actually spend $500 on a cooler.  

So who will buy Yeti when we turn our backs on their product???
Mikey Must be sitting in bed tweeting and eating cheeseburgers.
As long as they don't hunt dogs to kill.
#whocares?
That was said to make themselves feel better 
Your SuperPAC, hopefully.
I’m sure some other company will be happy to supply hunters with coolers.
I think that there may be more to the story.
HAHAHAHA!  You are failing.
Probably Gun Owners of America too
So many other companies that make good affordable coolers.
Maybe by groups, they mean nearly everyone of their customers.  #WhenVirtueSignalingBitesBack
Just bought a Coleman.
Bye bye profits   You people think your smart?  Go ahead and stand by your foolish thoughts stand with clowns and see your profits plummet,you don't even need someone to say boycott your company,it's gonna happen because it feels like the right thing to do!
If you are tossing your Yeti why not fill it with food and give it to a random homeless person? Surely an idiot that would pay $500 for a cooler can afford the food?
Where did you get those stats from? Pulled out of your ass, as per usual
Yippee Call them out!
Silly Yeti guns are for real Americans , coolers too ! Protesting the NRA ? Is for fools. 
Yeti also gets government contracts. http://profiles.smartprocure.us/organization/yeti-coolers …
probably all groups that blow stuff up or shoots things in protest.  Why can't Yeti vote with their $$$ like us all? I'm for more corporate money out of Washington special interest groups are killing real voters needs.
then unions should have to butt out as well...
so now Yeti is a Union? That's a stretch.
did I say that? no...

You mention corporate money. Unions are worse than corporate money. They force people into membership, then essentially become a Super PAC, saying they are contributing in all their member's names.
That's also why the "right to work" state is forbidden. Unions control the politics in non right to work states. They finance more political campaign dollars than any corporation...
They are feeling the heat. Too late now!
What about fat, entitled blowhards like you??

What about "biting the hand that feeds you" don't you get!

A Federal judge has ordered the Trump Administration to continue signing people up for DACA. Do you believe the judge made the right choice? Vote and retweet. #MAGA #DACA #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #Resist #Resistance
@LindaSuhler not anymore.

Should stick to making coolers or run for office. Soon they won’t be able to do either.
I’m selling my yeti coolers at a big discount.. holla
Mike Huckerbee and her Pathological liar daughter in training with Trump and Trump Inc., need to Crawl back into his origin of backwoods and creeks of Lucifer's Den. There is no shortage in his and her part of Arkansas.
Getting a bang out of Yeti cooler owners destroying their coolers. Next week when they need a cooler they are going to say "why did I do that, that was stupid".
Getting ready to make a video message to @YETICoolers where my coffee mug meets my @NRA supported firearm. It will not end like the Yeti commercials.
Yeti, the abominable snowman in Nepal!    Just kidding.
Goodbye yeti....make way for Big Frig....much better product and not over priced....made in USA.
More triggered gun humpers
Or just people who want to keep iced coffee cold you douche.
River rats, hunters (like me) who don’t care about the @NRA, outdoor enthusiasts, people who like sitting outside smoking pot, climbers, etc. It’s a pretty big list.

Maybe the white American born terrorist that have been committing mass murders with automatic weapons weapons
Haha, lol . You think they've been done with automatic weapons. You're sad.
watching these gomers machine gun their coolers is the best thing ever
Bye Bye @YETICoolers  
Never Yeti again! Pelican coolers 
Drunk people with guns, rather than informed progressive pot heads?  And now they are shooting up their coolers?  Wtf is wrong with people?
INCREDIBLE
Hopefully one of the groups is disingenuous charlatan minister-politicians who cloak themselves in a costume of faux Christianity while pushing an utterly unChristian right-wing political agenda & turning the church into a prostitute for the @GOP.

Specific enough for you, Mike?
Honestly Governor Huckabee, without you and your daughter Sarah this world would be a much more brutal and hostile place for anyone who loves the U.S.A.  Injecting your humor and perspicacity into this toxic news environment is greatly appreciated!
The only yeti I see is in the garbage.
Please stop wasting our oxygen supply.  We need it
Great response! Tired of all the name calling Dems that have no vision at all for our country. All they want is votes
Probably sell a lot to Planned Parenthood for reasons I won’t go into here.
Thanks for the LOL!
Well the discontinued a large discount package for a lot of groups not just the NRA! But if you need a boogie monster like Obama Hillary Bernie and like by all means lie to meet you agenda. Nice Christian values there Huckster.
your 1 follower probably agrees mr roboto
I’m not on here to acquire followers. Don’t care. Hear to speak my mind. If you feel your worth is about the # of followers then I guess your missing High school.
seriously? Good grief
Gave my @yeti coffee mug away. I’ll take @RTICCoolers any day!
FYI, I know a number of people who own Yeti coolers...and not of them is a hunter. You know, there is another world outside of Hayseed Land...
So you are among the elitist Marxist left. Enjoy your cooler.  I love that my heritage comes from what you label “hayseed” we are farmers.   And what is wrong with farming or, for that matter, hunting. It is still a free country.
Agreed
@YETICoolers has deadly aim on its own foot!
Say so long YETI COOLER!
The CEO should be fired, totally moronic!
Do you have to work hard at being vile or does it just come naturally?  When your kids were growing up did you give them "how to lie" lessons nightly? You should be ashamed of your parenting and for god's sake, don't pass your lack of morality on to  your grandchildren!
Does these high priced coolers can be purchased with foodstamps?
Ppl buying them are the ones paying so ppl can receive foodstamps too.
Will find my receipt to return my yeti cooler and go with what ever brand that really wants my business
Given the fact that between the two, Yeti is the one that DOESN'T take money from Russia, I'll side with Yeti . . . #NRABloodMoney
Hunters smoke weed 2
Whoa.......I guess its ok to think that hunters like yourself sit outdoors then and smoke cigars, and poop in the woods and eat roadkill? Kinda lumping everyone together Big Huck!  Really SAD......WWJD.....
We can boycott just as easy ....#BoycottYetiCoolers
Hilarious to see your kinfolk shooting up their coolers Huck. I’d be in a bad mood too, if I had no electricity or running water and had to take a dump outdoors every day
Excellent question Govenor
I now use my @YETICoolers as an outdoor receptacle for poop bags after I walk the dog.
I don't know why everyone is attacking Yeti.  They are responsible to share holders and employees so they are trying to stay netural and protect their brand. In this society you can't take sides. Give them a break.  This is business, not politics
Who???
Never bought from them. Good riddance. NRA forever
I've had a $20 Walmart cooler for like 15 yrs or more and still works great! Bye @YETICoolers
People don’t buy Yetis unless they are rich. They’re the most expensive coolers in the world. I wouldn’t buy one just because of the price anyway. Boycott Yeti!
Man they are really trying to go out of business. Already bought my pelican cooler
Yup, they still won't say
It won't matter.  They will be out of business in 18 months.
Fucking love that my Yeti is covered in everytown stickers.
No, Yeti (and all companies like them) sell coolers to people with too much money and not enough brains.  I got my Dad's Rem 750 AND his Coleman
Call and ask them. I called and it was a ridic hold time but they have the call back feature. They’ll probably give u the same scripted load of bs I got but at least they know we know it’s BS
why are you still called Gov Huckabee you are not a governor anymore or is that like you call a former general
Boycott yeti
Apparently they are escaping reality
Why?
No more Yeti
Kudos to YETI - I'm buying another one!
Jesus
 ○ 
く|)へ
    〉 
 ￣￣┗┓           Israelis
 　 　   ┗┓　     ヾ○ｼ
  　　        ┗┓   ヘ/ 　 　 
 　                 ┗┓ノ 
　 　 　 　 　    ┗┓
