Gov, you did an amazing Job raising @PressSec ! If that was ME on that stage when that "comedian" went into her routine, i would be arrested right now! Your daughter showed POISE, CLASS and restraint!  A true classic beauty!
BREAKING NEWS: HOW DEEP STATE FRAMED THE TRUMP RUSSIA NARRATIVE, read the step by step guide "GET TRUMP" Part 3, a frightening must read for all true TRUMP SUPPORTERS
They're trying to save their own necks from swinging, I think Mueller is leaking, this charade needs to END NOW, HANG THE TRAITORS, this will STOP THEN, the rest of the demonic RATS will settle down.
Y'all are really bad at this. Being decent, respectable humans, I mean.
Call me Captain Paranoid then.
“Sorry, Hillary, but you’re a criminal!” “There’s a two-tiered justice system...one for Democrat’s & the Clintons & another for the rest of us.” Rudy Giuliani is being interviewed by Sean Hannity...you need to hear this!
It's already been reported and acknowledged that Jay Sekulow leaked the questions. You and your daughter are terrible liars. At least she can do a perfect smokey eye. 
REMEMBER KIDS IT PAYS TO LEAK!
They've sold their Country's soul for  a Sugar Daddy:  The New York Slimes, Crap News Network, and that upstandingMSNBC! Did I leave any out, it's hard to keep up!
#LovingMySugarDaddy
#FederalBureauOfIntimidation 
#FindThatIntegrity
I really must be paranoid!!!
BREAKING WIND: Your son murdered a dog.
My paranoia soars when I recall Comey saying he deliberately leaked his memos to trigger a Special Council! Especially when he knew the Dossier was a political opposition document but chose to use it anyway.

The only secret societies operating within these borders should be devoted by law to the republic and the continuity of our constitution.
Funny, you tweeted this two days ago with no source. You post it again with no source. You're just repeatedly spreading false rumors to rile up your band of freaks.
Yeah- still waiting to hear @Comey “variety of reasons why I didn’t give memo to Times myself.”

Let’s hear those reasons, Jim. 

And you’d hire a person who’d follow his actions? FBI would knowingly hire people like that?
O golly - waaaaay past paranoid - now into permanent distrust of all things RINO n LIB.  Thank you Gov. Huckabee, for your daughter @PressSec  Sarah.  We truly love her.
He didn't. It was conman PT Barnum Trump, proven leaker and liar and his maifa henchman, Rudy. Get with the program.
Don’t you have a possum to skin or something?
Do you think you're helping to sway public opinion, Mike? Americans see your daughter lie and/or act ignorant of facts on a regular basis? Do you and your daughter think your credibility is strong?
Or a former CIA Director...
THE UN-NAMED SOURCES BEHIND ALL THE LEAKS HAVE BEEN EXPOSED
Why not ask your daughter? Oh I forgot you can’t believe anything that comes from her mouth. #lyingHuckabees
Not since Hoover. Racism was left off the character traits list for appointment to FBI, and things improved a lot.
There is a strange paradox around classified information.  On one hand it is classified. On the other hand your son tortured and killed someone's dog and you used your position as Governer to cover it up.
No, not cynical... just a lying vindictive partisan hack.
Mr. Giuliani made clear last night that candidate Trump paid a lawyer to make a serious allegation of impropriety with a porn star go away during the election.  Then as president he lied about that payment and sought to discredit law enforcement agents seeking the truth.
I am very cynical
Robert Mueller is what us cops call "dirty" & he belongs in prison over the Whitey Bulger business & this inquisition, er, investigation. It is long overrun its design & needs to be terminated. As for Comey, he's dirtier than Mueller, review board said so.
Trump Predictions
I'd say in Trump's case that perfect paranoia and perfect awareness are the same.
You'd have to be pretty crooked to ignore that your daughter is one of the most prolific liars that American politics have ever seen and attack the woman who called her out on it.
Here's a bigger news story.  @POTUS is caught lying again.  Is that important to the American people?
Worse Intel Agency heads in my life time. All broke their Oaths of Office & go on National TV to trash their opponents? Who ever heard of covert low key Intel heads doing this? Obama is not mentioned enough as he is the corruptor! He said spy to Clapper & persecute to Lois Lerner

Who would have thunk it!!!
Or, just observant and a critical thinker!
We have a lot of honest “paranoid “Americans out there ,we also call them ,truth seekers, realists, Patriots and wise citizens in the know, and aware of media BS.
I know! It was so hard to watch all his appearances completely clueless about the laws he was breaking! So damaging and self serving. I pray he goes down in flames as one of the most famous corrupt Gov Spy’s in history.
I'm  paranoid then
So funny
Amen
If the market tanks more good luck winning November
Brilliant!

Or smart enough to recognize it!  Oh but it happened Governor Mike and the crooked and corrupt Justice system isn’t doing anything about it!  Above the law comes to mine!
Or that a president would fire FBI director @Comey  to obstruct the #RussiaInvestigation which his attorney just now CONFIRMED.
Sure we would
How far back does incense go your family?
I read the book, Gov.  It wasn't classified and he doesn't have a partisan agenda.  How could he if both sides hate him so much?  There were partisans in the Justice Dept., but Comey wasn't one of them.
I'm scratching my head...
Partisan agenda?

 Which is more likely...that scores of Intel and DOJ  principals -- including Republican, Mueller -- conspired to make Trump look multi-Russian dirty or that Trump got dirty on his own?
COMEY was the big guy with lots of power
 He didn't not ever want to give that up he was even going over the d.o.j. head in his mind he wa s bigger than life itself the bigger they r the harder the fall.
Agreed
Cynical leak Mr. Gov?, they also call it dry snitching in prison
@realDonaldTrump @foxnews But yes same thing. This coverup needs to end it is tearing the nation apart and trying to distract our President from his duties, he has been putting in extra time just to deal with this crap. they are trying to wear him down
Just because I'm paranoid, it doesn't mean everybody isnt out to get me.
How about hijacking medical records?  Don’t you wonder if the addled brain of @POTUS is beginning to really deteriorate?
And extra paranoid to think that a Presidential candidate and his son and son-in-law would host a room full of Russians promising dirt on an opponent as part of what they were told was the Russian govt effort to help that candidate win.

And extra gullible to think "no collusion"
Paranoid of truth, and salad.
Comey? Not classified. Trump? Classified. To Russians. In the Oval Office. With only Russian press. I dunno, Huckster. Which one is the traitor?
Delusional is what you'd be.  And you are.
Mike Who-kabee?
Well Huckleberry.... 
Yeah I guess you would have to be. Maybe I should call my doctor.
Having a dad like you, no wonder it looks like your demon seed has had a stroke or two.
