Thanks Governor, it was great to see you again.
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me? Heck NO! 
I got to play a show with these guys last year in Branson. Real down-to-earth guys.
Time for gastric bypass again.
Oh look, fat shaming. How progressive of you
Not progressive, just it worked once, why not twice?
“Let Your Love Flow” @BellamyBrothers .  Happy Easter & awesome show!
Love  your show!
Love your profile pic
Yyiihhhaaawwwwwww!
Typical liberal POS.
We need you in DC. RUN sir RUN
First time to tune in-I’m hooked! 
Huckabee has musical guests now? Live from New York, it’s bigotry!
Sounds Great. I want to wish you and your families a Happy Easter or Passover.
Happy Easter Gov. Huckabee. I wanted to ask you, did you know that President Trump said he would use some of the over 700 million for the military to use for the wall and he doesn't have to pay anything to planned parenthood?
LOSER
Yes, you are Linda.
Shame on you working on the sabbath. Typical republican #hypocrite.
Working on the Sabbath isn't a sin, or did you miss the part where Jesus told the Jewish leaders that?
Actually, mike you need to drop 100 lbs. Get hold of your vice...
You all need to drop 30 pounds.
Can't tell which looks more ill.
@GovMikeHuckabee I guess I missed your call... Hope to see you soon! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ds1FFIaBDzU …


So sht
Great show, Gov, as always.
You have 3 kids, one's a liar the other a dog abuser. How are those Christian values working for you?
Love your show Mike , never miss it! Thank you for it! PTL for you!
Who??
Can I just show for the first time last week  and I’m hooked. I’ve first saw you on Fox network and loved your sense of humor. been a big fan ever since. God bless you and your family.#HuckabeeKeepinItReal!
Here is a poem I’m sure you have heard “I’ve seen the lights of Paris, I’ve seen the lights of Rome but the most beautiful lights I have ever seen are the tail lights of the car that are taking my grandchildren home.” 
Love the Bellamy Brothers!  Redneck Girl and Let Your Love Flow - two of my old favorite songs.

I'm looking forward to you explaining how you managed to get your beautiful son David off the hook for torturing and killing a dog
I’d rather watch paint dry

Geezer TV
Garbage
Love the Bellamy brothers
an as usually my tweaks will be deleted because the truth hurts doesn't it . :)
at least you got real country singers on there lol
I not talking against god either just the big Church that don't help any one unless you fit some kind model/ mode they want . an mike your daughter is one of the biggest lairs Ive ever seen besides trump .
Wow Let your Love Flow one of my favorites
Happy holidays Mike
an reminds me of the den of thieves Jesus made leave his church during his time . an no church has ever offered to help me when i asked for it , in fact they called the Cops on me i didn't do any thing wrong, i was working etc ...
HUCK, PLEASE WATCH THIS
Check out @myhtopoeic’s Tweet:
"This is extremely dangerous to our Democracy" 
Happy Resurrection Day!
I'm not tiring to put you down about god but didn't Jesus say were there be two or three my name i will be or something thing like that, in other  words , i have never been welcome in any church, so your packed church  means nothing to me .
We enjoyed your show last evening GOV Huckabee! Fantastic as always! Happy Easter to Everyone! For those that didn't get a chance to watch #huckabeeontbn last evening? Enjoy a restful evening @ home watching it "2nite" 
Great show! I may watch it again!
IS MIKE HUCKABEE'S DAUGHTER, SARAH GOING TO JAIL WITH TRUMP?..@PressSec @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
happy easter...to you all...you have a couple of great artist that are with you...great music that they have produced over the years...
http://truepundit.com/fbi-awans-security-clearances-forged-granted-access-to-congressional-intel-despite-falsified-vetting … …
Quis custodiet ipsos custodies?
Governor: I'm a former US naval officer, & former FBI unit chief (RMD NNCP) who reported fraudulent FBI name checks for which OPM unwittingly paid the FBI, then was fired. I am a proud patriot who seeks to meet w/ @POTUS
You have a show?
Surly you won’t tell more lies on Easter.
Nice picture Gov
He is Risen
