I hope he's there n a couple of year's? That's the common sense that's needed n our kid's education
So you DONT care about bullying, oh okay.
Geez, I thought when you entered college you were supposed to be an adult. But then I guess "bullying" is anyone saying something you don't agree with now a days.
He just whined all week about his adult daughter, in leadership, being “bullied” but when college kids are bullied to tears, none of you care.
Geez, didn't see her run off to a safe space. She acted like an adult. Go figure.
Yes!
Well you all are screaming for saferooms over the WHCD.  You little snowflake you.  Cry much?  Lie much?  Oh Jesus said you are not going to heaven, that you are a liar and a hypocrite, same for your daughter.
Who is screaming for safe rooms or crying. I haven’t seen one republican cry or scream for anything, especially safe rooms. Y’all on the other hand.
Little snowflake, you republicans are.  I'm not.  Also I deal in facts, not fantasy, nor the Bible, nor do I debate then intellectually challenged or Russian bots or sympathizers.   So save your tweets for someone who cares.
You obviously care since you decided to chime in. So here we are conversing. From what you’ve written so far- you are the one getting all worked up for some reason & also about the Bible & Russians. All I asked is to point to at least 1 rep crying or asking for a safe space.
For huge amount of money , I say dumb thing too!
we need to pray for this man. It won't take long for some snowflake to need counsel, because his diaper is full.  I am sick of those who were raised by indecent, permissive parents. Kids raised by the streets and their baby friends need  2 years in the military. Men and women.
You could never go there as you are such a fragile snowflake Mike.
Amazing how ‘sensible’ is getting harder to find. Kind of embarrassing to hear on a college level, a cry room being set up for babies. Dr Piper.
My only question: Do the other "colleges" provide a changing station and diapers in their cry room?
I'd say that was a school president with B**** and extremely rare to find in learning institutions nationwide.
Spot on they’re preparing young adults for tough life ahead.Not fairies.
Imagine a so called evangelical minister being a liar.
Imagine an Obamabot trolling Huckabee
Exactly. An old troll.
LOL. You cannot be a Catholic if you support a man like Trump, Ryan or McConnell. Bless your heart
FINALLY
Seriously. Are we raising delicate flowers or men and women?
Excellent
What is the school?
You're opposed to safe universities? Why? 
You sound wicked. God will judge you (and your lyin' daughter), mike.
Seems like you needed a cry room for @michelleisawolf telling the truth about your god awful, frequently lying daughter who works for our sexual assaulting president. #whcd #hypocrisy #deplorable #snowflake
Lol as opposed to crying about jokes at a roast?
What if the room had a "Talk to Jesus" sign or "Private Prayer Booth"?
What if the college had classrooms designed for learning? Some do put in prayer rooms for Muslims though.
He is a free thinker, therefore a Republican.
Obviously,
Woo hoo!
Imagine the American Fathers who raise sons to not murder defenseless animals?? THOSE ARE AMERICAN FATHERS
You cried because Jim Carrey questioned your daughters Christianity after she, among other things, defended Trump posting a white supremacist video that was fake doctored footage of Muslims. Snowflake loser!!!
This man is preparing students for the real working world. Good for him.
Wow Imagine that. A real University...so far
Wow. That looks like evidence that more people are getting #Woke and don't want to pay to have their kids brainwashed if funding a college education.
Yeah! Well done!
Amazing how a tweet can give us all such hope.
Which public high school did your daughter go to in Little Rock?
And yet you think that #Michelleisawolf @WHCD was mean! The people who are running or working or reporting on the administration of the USA need to be able to take the heat or get out. The President has said so many more offensive things than anyone said last night. #Hypocrisy
An actual school president with some guts
Like you?
.@PressSec needs a safe space AND a cry room after last night. 

#whcd
Wonderful post!
A real man....
No wimp!
Depends of its a school that accepts federal funding - i still wouldnt go to it if its another indoctrination center.
Love it. Parents with children college age, take a look at this place. 
Finally a MAN with Balls.
Amen
Your daughter was crying on national tv
Thank you, sir, for being the ADULT in charge.  MAGA
Excellent. So good to hear grown ups speak.
If they need a crying room, their parents basement is the perfect place for them. They are not ready for the real world.
Whatever helps his already bloated paycheck.
California is screwed up!
Hell yeah!!!
Another xtian whackjob. How shocking.
OOH-RAH!!
I enjoy Huckabees programs

Who truly deserves the Nobel Peace Prize?
Where has common sense gone?
OH THANK GOD! Somebody in higher education that actually deserves to be there!
Someone to speak up! How refreshing!
Love it!!!
Wish he would go to bat for more funding for Education in Oklahoma. Ashamed it’s 49th out of fifty and a red state.
Now thats the way to run a school. Stand up and face your fears dont go into a corner and cry
Leaker n Chief
Lower education at its worst.
My kind  of university President. My kind of school.  Thank you Governor. Thank youI for your introduction to Dr. Everett Piper.
His school’s acceptance rate is 78%. How prestigious
That is where my child would have gone!!!!!!
Awesome
I wonder where they went in trump's university when they found out he'd scammed them out of their money??
Kudos to him!
You are one smug, fat fuck.
The gall of him, expecting students to act like adults
Smart man ...
I would love to send my children to such a non-bullshit university.
It's where I'd send my kids!
Wow, this man needs to be President of Fresno State!
I just Luv this guy !
LL it's so st#pid that the obvious from years ago needs to get highlighted today.
Spoken like a father who taught his daughter to  lie.
Awesome College for Grownups , imagine that 

About about time this nonsense stops.

Hot diggity dog!  He actually gets it.
He’s awesome! Enrollment tripled....well done!
Love it!!
Will be sure to miss that one thanks for the warning
Nonsensical hypertensive horse manure of the planter, plantation crawlers.
If you need a safe space in college you either need therapy or you need to move back home! You are definitely not ready to go out into the world!
Bravo!
It is about time.  Tks
Refreshing!!
You're point being?
Are there any real safe colleges besides Liberty and Hillsdale? Hops so.
And school is free at this imaginary university right Gov.?
Thank you!!
That’s what is needed someone with a set that doesn’t take any shit
What is wrong with these millennials, they feel “entitled” for everything. Can’t they be normal people and act like adults.
These kids are Gen Z. Millennials are in their mid 20’s and 30’s. If you want to insult an entire generation of people, at least get the generation right.
Whatever they are - they need to act right and be good adults.
They are acting right and being “good” adults. They are going to college and getting an education.

WHO THE HELL CARES, WE HAVE THE FREEDOM TO SEND OUR KIDS TO SCHOOL ANY WHERE WE WANT, YOUR SOUNDING MORE, AND MORE, LIKE A COMMUNIST EVERYDAY
Imagine a Cabinet secretary who only sees people that give him money. He isn’t running a daycare either. He is doing pay to play.
You must be talking about Hillary!
I can't even imagine these kids graduating from college, get a job and ask the employer for a safe space. Wouldn't they expect this after 4 years of it?
Nicely done!
Governor Huckabee:
He is a rarity. And a true University President. 
I hope his example spreads throughout the country.
YIPEEEEEEE!
They will turn out strong young graduates.
Yep! Cry Rooms are for Cry Babies! Ha! That's good! Insist that they grow up fast!
Magnificent!
Hoping this (speaking truth to PC nonsense) is contagious!
Pass out the pampers and pacifiers! #CryCloset
We need many more of these.
Parents seek these Universities out.
#NoIndoctrination
Oh at last someone tells it like it is. Thanks gov
Well at least he is at a real university- not a fake one!
We need more like this!
This college will be added to the few on the list to check out for my children!
Finally, someone is standing up to the fools running our universities!  If I still had kids in college, I would have pulled them out of these communist propaganda schools already! Patents, move your kids out or stop paying their tuition, if they won't leave!
where’s that school? gonna add it to goddaughter’s list of respectable options
Wow
wonderful when we had adult is the room
Mike, where is your cry room? Oh, yeah, it’s called Twitter. You cry about everything every day here. BFHoo.
This where it belongs, not in a cry room on campus. Ridiculous.
I applaud this university president. Who in the hell ever heard of a crybaby room for college students. They NEED to grow the hell up.

Life's tough. They need to get a helmet and learn to gut it out.
AMEN!  Finally a Respectful Educator who has a true appreciation for higher learning!

Well, yeah...!
Awesome!  That’s how it should be!  Kudos

Let’s take our universities back
It's about time.
Imagine your obituary. Very short.
Good for him.
You will not cry!
Help us governor, @BetsyDeVosED  won't get off her obama, help us.  

This is good for the entire country, not just Maine.  We need a champion.  Your daughter has the bully pulpit.  http://mainetv.net/maine_education_solution.htm …
Proud to call this wonderful university President an Oklahoman. Dr Piper is a true man not someone's puppet. Leads our future generation with dignity,integrity and truth. Wonderful he is being recognized on national TV . Thanks @GovMikeHuckabee
Colleges hacexakways had cry rooms. They’re called DORMS!
Thankyou!
Children and adults need to know who is in charge, they loose confidence when they have to question, who’s in charge
Hate to break this to some of you young people, there are no cry rooms in the real world
Sure there are. Fox "News".

Parents really need to check out where their children want to attend college!
Along with cry rooms and safe spaces, liberal colleges should add changing tables and free diapers to their recruiting efforts.
I interviewed him years ago while working on a story about Oklahoma Wesleyan University. The man is purposeful, focused, and a clear minded, compassionate thinker. And just likeable. In short, he’s impressive and his campus is stunning.
What university?

Thank You!
That's possible in the great US. In UK he would have lost his job after saying that. #safespace
Another President with balls!!!!!!
Brilliant post GOV!You remind me of a brilliant lady press secretary that I never miss!
A true leader. 
You and him have the NRA, they/you just kill our kids.
It's a start! Unfortunately, people like this are hard to come by!  Colleges that that young adults can act like infants need to be defunded and shut down defunded and shut down!
Loved his book!  Great read!
That’s refreshing !!!!
Awesome !!
No wonder @PressSec is a pathological liar with a twitch. 

#ParentingDosAndDonts 
#parentingtips 
#Parenthood
My schooling is free I have no complaints.
Absolutely! It’s time to stand up America and stop being a wimp! The Obama  era is over:).  How would these wimpy children ever defend America?
Communism Core Teachers began appearing when our insidious Government ‘Required’ Teaching Degrees!

Before then most Teachers I met were a mix of Retired experienced professionals.
Love this.
Yessssss 
Finally!  A leader with balls.  Yes!
.


WOW 
Indoctrination not education!
Awesome!  We need more like him,

Many Studies Agree Lying Causes Premature Aging. 
FINALLY, a REAL adult in charge of the schools!  Thank God they're still out there. I was losing hope.
Check out my bio for direct link, this is an amazing bitcoin investment platform..
#scamartist or #hooker? 
Helicopter parents
I love it
Transgender initiative is a form mental illness
BRAVO
We need more like him
Exactly!
There IS hope!  @dreverettpiper
Halaluya! Good for him. Snowflakes wake up you're about to be introduced to the Real World!
There are still a few left in education who make sense.  Thank you sir for being one of those!
God Bless him he’s a true Real American
I loved hearing him speak at the National Home School Legal Defense Conference last year!
Preparing the young for life is not cruel, Not preparing them is
You have got to love this guy.  Glad they're starting to wake up.
Finally.
What University is this? What a concept; be an adult! Thank you sir!
I like the "real world" post about the "snowflakes" needing a cry room.  Good for that Univ. Pes. who says they aren't a daycare!  I hate to think of our country 20 years from now with Snowflakes raising even more snowflakes!
Actually it began 20 years ago.  Slowly.  I was on campus.  Heard more than 1 begging to be allowed to come home.  The embryo of the flakes.
Not much risk of being challenged with new ideas at a third rate school like that. Say, do they offer degrees in self-congratulations? Maybe they could give you an honorary one.
Latest survey indicates the typical college student spends less than three hours per day engaged on academic endeavors. Finals ca bectoigh only if classes wete not attended; readings not accomplished; labs not completed; etc....in other words, stress is self inflicted!  Boo Hoo
Love it
 so much for caring for troubled students
What university? Sending my kid!!
Oklahoma Wesleyan

As it should be!. Good for him! 
Clone that guy!
Years ago there was a Jesuit priest who was president of a Catholic University. He was criticized for telling the football team, “You must pass your math class in order to remain on the football team”. He said, “I’m running a school, not a sports club”.
Imagine trying to educate football players for a future after football.
Good one Kay!
It really is the only responsible thing to do. How many of those kids actually have a future in the NFL? The college's profit handsomely from the players. If the players were busy trying to learn something they would be less likely to get in trouble.
Yeah yah yah. It’s about time. 
SAD CONTINUATION OF PC PERVERSIONS  ....
