Believe me, it’s not just Russians - none of us want to see you on TV.
Rude and juvenile
Rude would be comparing homosexuality to beastiality, like he has. Juvenile would be lying or name-calling, kind of like what @realDonaldTrump and the @PressSec do each day. If you take the blinders off, I’m sure you’ll see the difference 
God bless!
Your comparisons of my words are not even close, truthful or relevant. Good night
Freedom of speech
State run media blows.
... Mike, are you going to tell how much money you received from the Russians? ..
You should probably stay in the safe zone with the fox news media family. They will protect you and share opinions that support anything you say.  It won't be news, but it will make you feel better.
Can someone say bitter, little liberal???????
In a Time interview published Thursday, Smith, who specializes in straightforward news, said some of the opinion-oriented programming on Fox News “is there strictly to be entertaining.” He added, “They don’t really have rules on the opinion side. They can say whatever they want.”
In a Time interview.... hahaha. Most MSM is opinion oriented programming. Interestingly, viewers are watching Fox more than MSNBC, CNN.
Everyone loves a good train wreck.
Really? Why?
You are so funny! It must have been AWESOME growing up in your household. I hope your kids appreciated your humor. LOL
The dog didn’t enjoy it
HUMMM what a waste of life for you. Good luck and God Bless you!
Hardly

God Bless You Gov.Huckabee...
I'm an American who would be perfectly content if you never said anything on TV again. Give the time to a religious leader who actually holds Trump and the @PressSec accountable when they lie...
Absooutely love the Harris - Police Academy gif.
LOL love the humor
So do I!!

Allways love to see you, SIR!!! What chanell will you be on? God bless! #MAGa
Он будет на нашем телевидении в 8:00. Мы уверены, что Fox News покроет его.
Is that Rushian??
No, Not Rushian. Russian. You Americans can’t spell your own language?!
I speak AMEIRCAN!!!!! #MAGA!!! #KAG!!!!!
This is about the 100th time you’ve sought to dismiss and minimize Russian interference and mock those who take it seriously. Aren’t you an American?
They didn't change my vote and they didn't change the votes of most the people in this country did they change yours? Sounds like they should have
That sounds like a very detailed, thoughtful analysis. They didn't poison any of your relatives either, so what the hey?
It doesn't have to be detailed it's all really very simple
This woman has worked harder than any in the media to report true journalism and has broken major stories. Yet, others that regurgitate talking points in article after article will be getting awards Sat. night. Doesn't seem fair does it? @SaraCarterDC
God bless you Governor Huckabee!
How is it possible the Russians are ousted while the fake media lies and presents heinous lies all day long every day and there is no consequence?  Where are they held to the truth and proof of what they are saying?
Say it ain't so governor
don’t be a Zionist dude
f you Mike, you are the troll, who do you think you are fooling anyway? You and your fake god disgust this country, FFFing bigot .
Actually, you are the troll. And BTW, thanks for proving Mike Huckabee right.

OR WITH IOWA BREAKING FEDERAL ACA LAWS FOX OR GOV WONT REPORT ON OR DONT CARE ABOUT WE ARE A NATION OF LAWS THAT MUST BE FOLLOWED IS IT THAT IOWA IS TOO WHITE??? TOO REPUBLICAN VOTERS?? HYPOCRISY SOUND FAMILIAR TOO EVERYONE.  PROPAGANDA STATION & HOW FAKE PASTORS SEE IT
Good for Iowa, more states need to ignore ACA laws.
Then of course your a YAY for sanctuary Cities cause that's what IA used as reason to do same. Your obvious in not part of the over 50% of American's self employed small business owners who use the ACA for individual Health Insurance. Probably live off govt dont pay any taxes
I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THEY DIDN'T WANT YOU TO DO YOUR SHOW I LOVE YOUR SHOW THEY JUST DON'T WANT TO HEAR THE TRUTH
You tell ‘em Mike! We must protect our constitutional freedoms! #MAGA #usa #constitutional #wakeupwashington #myfreedommyfuton
Love @GovMikeHuckabee Keep up the great work!

Where's Merkin Muffley when you need him?
Nice job today watched you and hoping you can have your own on fox or fox business
LOLROTF 
Oh I bet you scare them.
Thank you, Gov. Huckabee! I can Always Depend on you to Give me at least one LAUGH for the day, and/or at Least a Smile! We all need those, and esp. me!
You are slicker than butter.
You are so funny, it’s a joy to read your tweets!
Stokin the Russia hate just like the Democrats.
Thank you for my morning smile
Dad. I just shit my pants again.
whew, that was close. All eight people who watch your show were worried there for a bit.
Go get em! You and Sarah make us so proud! Watch your six!
Are you saying that people who don't find your jokes funny are Russian?
I think he said they are humorless trolls.
Send some Russian dressing. 
Your the Best Mike , keep the Faith, your a Great American 

I think you are having a blast. New tv show, political analyst, keep on keeping on!
I say use rubber bullets, and before they put a toe on USA  soil. Hammer em
Governor Huckabee keep doing what you always do guided by the Holy Spirit knowing the very survival of our nation depends on it.
Stein-Huckabee 2020!
Pathetic man no wonder an ex governor
You're not funny, Fake Jesus Lover.
I'm guessing preacher Mike won't be there since he doesn't believe any of this happened anyway
Evangelical leaders planning to meet with Trump about Stormy Daniels http://hill.cm/F5lJLcH  
Good for you Gov!  Love to hear you speak. I also really like and respect your daughter. She does an awesome job!!
U should of talk about ur daughters lies & how she protects Russians friends in White House!!

IOWA IS BREAKING ACA FEDERAL LAWS BY OFFERING JUNK PLANS 4 CHEAP AND WILL COST VOTERS LIVES &/OR BANKRUPCY WHICH REPORTERS WILL FOLLOW. WHY ARENT YOU CALLING WE ARE A NATION OF LAWS THAT MUST BE FOLLOWED? IF NOT UPSET OVER THIS YOUR STATEMENTS MEAN ZERO & YOUR LAUGHABLE!
No, our "President" might as well be Russian as well as your daughter that goes out and outright lies every day for him.
We watched you this morning @GovMikeHuckabee Thank you for not listening to those Russians! We love watching you and our SMART @PressSec .
TO YOUR WE ARE NATION OF LAWS ON IMMIGRATION WHY NOT GO AFTER THE FARMERS WHO GIVE THEM A REASON TO CROSS BORDERS THEN STAY THEY ARE BREAKING OUR NATIONS LAWS??? TOO WHITE??? TOO REPUBLICAN VOTER?? THAT YOU ALL PROTECT?? SOUND FAMILIAR??
Look in the mirror, YOU'RE WHITE!!! Or are you one of the many imbeciles that's been brainwashed into feeling guilty for that?
Why aren't you running for a HOUSE SEAT! We the ppl need you so much.  Much more than @FoxNews!
Good For You
the trolls appear when the truth is told!
dont let this disturb you its because you are making a statement with the Truth and understanding of what is happening = Continue
#GoofBall
Huckabee~We can't get enough of thee
Tell an anti-Russia joke on TV
Get them GOV !!! We are behind you !!!
How about instead of tv, you take a really long walk off a very short pier and do us all a favor. Take your daughter w you. We are tired of her lying to us every time she opens her mouth.
We have ways of dealing with you, Comrade Huck!
I'm just glad we have someone on our side who is demanding something of the cheating Russian oligarchs.
You are a coward. Keepngoing on TV and showing the entire world that your so called faith os little more than a power grab.
Hahahaha hahahaha....
Read it. You have to.
Its good.real good.

https://twitter.com/STUinSD/status/954404369973194752?s=19 …

Hillary Email thread
1. The Twitter-sphere has been a-buzz with long-anticipated revelations related to #TheStorm, not the least of which is the House Intel Committee’s “FISA abuse memo” that all except Democrats want to see released. I wish to revisit the “original sin” that started everything.

You should speak to any audience. Especially those of opposition. Because when people stop talking, they start fighting. Talk away Mike!
Good for you.. speaking our minds let’s us know we are in control
The question is still why would they have a lying hypocrite on in the 1st place? OOPS I forgot that’s all that watches failing #FakeFoxNews
Thank you Mike Huckabee Sanders!
You're so funny. Love watching you on as often as possible ( you're on everywhere, hard to keep up with you.)
Gotta love this guy. 
Huck in the news
What are you even talking about?  The Russian trolls are on your team!  Quit tweeting.
Love that classy humor and positive attitude..
You GO, Governor!
Every time I see Russian verbiage on social media, I report it! My question to you is, Should I be reporting the Vodka commercials?
Hahahaha
Good Morning Governor, you better watch those Russians. :-)
How bout Eric Prince? Brother of Betsy DeVos, setting up secret russian meetings?
NEW: Special counsel Mueller reportedly has evidence contradicting Erik Prince's testimony about his Seychelles meeting w/ Putin ally Kirill Dmitriev. 

Prince said the meeting was unplanned. George Nader told investigator…
Facebook will let Vlad know you are not submitting to the will of the state.
Way to go right at ‘em !!! Call them out if their wireless caves ! 
@Randythatoneguy
I just want you to not be on tv for once, same bs over and over
Humorless Trolls. Great band. I had their first album on vinyl.
 #GodBlessTrump
#POTUS
#AwansAreTheKey
#BuildTheWall
#FakeNewsCNN
#Benghazi
#ObomaGate
#MAGA
#FireSheriffIsrael 
#ClearFlynnNow
Если вы используете слишком много хэштегов, они станут подозрительными. Тщательно, товарищ!
Give 'em heck Mike!!!
#NotFunny
Governor how about the so-called Russian assignations in they Uk which weren’t and were fabrications of the deep state. 

#WWG1WGA 
#SadiqKahnMustGo
you. are. not. funny.
Nope. He's fucking hilarious.
Fox is the only channel that wants you...
That’s literally the dumbest thing anyone has ever said and we are all stupider for reading it
Hardy har har. Russia influencing our free elections and Putin having Donald under his thumb is so funny. Patriotic Americans should enjoy joking and laughing about these attacks and threats.
Тишина, товарищ! Они не должны знать!

Мы не понимаем, что вы говорите, губернатор. Мы хотели бы поговорить с вами! Любовь, россияне
@HoarseWisperer @BettyBowers @ananavarro
I'm an American. I prefer you not appear.
Мы хотели бы поговорить с вами! Любовь, россияне
looking forward to seeing you. Guess you rattled too many cages last time. Personally, I find your attitude refreshing.
Тишина, товарищ! Они не должны знать!
We love you Gov Huckabee. Always a pleasure to see you.
I'll be watching!!!
Согласовано! Он всегда звучит лучше на русском!
Governor Mike Huckabee going to be on Fox today. Hillary tell the FBI. That will complete our collusion.
Вы слишком много внимания уделяете нашему сотрудничеству, товарищ! Не используйте глупые картинки, чтобы сделать свою мысль. Это слишком очевидно. Любовь, россияне
Lol
Good morning Comrade.
We always look forward to hearing your sensible point of view, Governor.
Согласовано! Он всегда звучит лучше на русском!
I've learned if either the left and/or Putin say nay I say yay. If they say yay I say nay.
You mean "da". Us Russian democrats say da.
Thank you for that correction.
Тишина, товарищ! Они не должны знать!
Haha, you’re funny!! 
Luv ya Gov!  Keep fighting the good fight!
Go get ‘em! #HuckabeeRocks
Lame.
Why NOT appear on TV?
Go get 'em, Gov!

I......never wanna see this gif again!!

Ya just HAD to.....
Praying for you Governor! God is with you!

God bless you Mike Huckabee!
We love you!
