That is awesome!!
A man of god doesn’t promote nor endorse murder. Furthermore, your constant shilling to GOP corporate interests and bowing to the god of right-wing conservative politics makes you neither a man or someone god can endorse.
If you consider killing someone in self defense as murder, you'd better pray you're never put in the situation where you have to make the decision on whether you die, or you kill your attacker....because questioning your life, over theirs, is a sure way to lose yours.
LMFAO at the you better pray part of this.  Just what a spreader of the thousand year old lie should do when confronted with reality.  Don't worry about those being robbed, you pray, I'll shoot.  Let's see what actually works
Jesus wept.

Blacks,  Hispanics and minorties don't go to this part of Georgia you will be shot just for passing through.
Amazing how the conservative Christians put more faith in the guns and not in God.
Yeah, and I heard Jesus was not only an MMA champion, but also carried a backpack of weapons, ya know, being the dangerous, "don't f*** with me" kind of guy he was!
I read about it in the gospel of Mike, which should have come after John, but accidently got torched by Jesus!
....of course, it's a little different in tone than "What would Jesus do", but of course you're not much of a fan of that guy anyway.
I would live in this state. Massachusetts? Hell no!
What happened? What turned you into such a hateful person? Power? Money? Attention? Or maybe you've been this hateful your whole life and just can't hold it in anymore? You were a far better man when your Messiah was Jesus rather than Trump.
Tom Tom Change ur diaper! Kinda Stinky after wesring for yrs!!  3 followersGet off threads!
01010011 01101000 01110101 01110100 00100000 01100110 01110101 01100011 01101011 00101100 00100000 01100011 01110101 01101110 01110100 00101110 00100000 01010101 00100000 01100010 01100001 01100110 01101111 01101111 01101110
Love that!
Nice, right to the point
That’s Georgia

This is my neck of the woods! Proud of the Sheriff!
I love this!
This sign needs to be at the entrance of every school in America. By Monday morning
Except we don't shoot back. They just keep killing more children in our schools
With armed guards/teachers at schools, they will. Cowardly predators won’t even dare show up.
Don't arm the teachers dummy, they have to teach. I vote arm the kids, at least they can do something other than text answers with those blasted smart phones.
Ha do not arm the kids! Lord that would not end well they already don't pay attention and think they are entitled!
Are you sure you are a born again Christian?
“Might” being the operative word there.  Pretty sure anyone willing to kill someone is willing to take those odds
There is a difference in being willing to kill an unarmed victim, and being willing to go up against one who is potentially armed, and might shoot back. This is why violent crimes typically decrease in areas where CC is allowed, but abound in other areas, like "gun free" zones.
Note to self. Spend no tourism or business $$ in Georgia.
Good. We don't need u or ur money and ur socialism. Stay away.
Out of shear curiosity, what is wrong with socialism? I don't mean communism they are different.
do u believe in govt taking from working individuals like u and giving it to deadbeats?
There are people that need support, yes I'm all for that. But there are limits, people who can work should work etc. I also think the NHS /Medicare (oz) is a good thing. The NHS works & they treat anybody who needs it. It's a good service too.
Totally something Jesus would say.
“And let the one who has no sword sell his cloak and buy one."

- Jesus Christ
“Thou shall not kill” - God
Incorrect translation.  It's "thou shall not murder" or  "thou dost not murder."
Alright fine, you win. Jesus was all about intimidating and threatening people with weapons.
Why'd you delete your reply? I'm interested in learning more about your fakenews/parody account. BTW...your side owns Tyler Congratulations on both.
Pointing out one guy and saying “there’s the left for ya” doesn’t work on me. Your side is home to tens of thousands of people who think David Hogg is involved in child sex trafficking and that Hillary was behind the fire at Trump Tower yesterday.
More parody? If you can do it, why not others? Tyler.. on the other hand.. is real. And he's yours. I'm just saying. If I see anyone spewing nonsense (on either side) I call them out for it.
“...in God’s peaceful name we pray, amen.” (Perverted of Christianity)
Where's the South's deep love of
The Gospel of Christ

Put away your sword
For all those who draw their swords
Shall die by the sword

Love One Another
As I have Loved you
Love your Enemy
Do good to those who hate you
Pray for those who despicably use you

Have you forgotten too?
The "live by the sword, die by the sword", verse does not mean you are not allowed to defend yourself, it means that if you lash out in your anger, (I.E., assault/murder, the same will happen to you.) Cherry Picking removes the context.
After my husband was killed in a car accident in Oct 2000 by 2002 I needed a change of scenery after passing the crash site all the time cause it was the onlyway to get places. I movedto Ga & I learned that there was asmall town there that required you to own a gun for protection
Oh thank you Gov Huckabee for pointing this out!

This says it all about mikey. Trying to act macho?  But in reality he's to fat to do anything.
@1_bammom @FoxNews - No point in encouraging any misunderstanding.
Huckabee. You and your daughter are you special. You’re both crazy. No wonder you were never elected as president. The religious right is done.
My mother live there she has a shotgun,38 special and a 22 rifle she's86 years old and a good friend of the sherrif...mike jolly ..he was once a GBI agent
How many pet cemeteries?

Your cemeteries will soon fill up if you keep killing people.
Your large adult son tortured and killed a dog.
An eye for an eye, A dead dog for a dead dog
Really a sign that makes everyone feel good and has no other effect. Simple minds simple ideas.
Not an appropriate sign for Chicago
The ACLU staineds their drawers over this, but an organized demonstration will satisfy their donors.
South Carolina congressman draws gun at constituent meeting
& u & ur daughter Sarah share the same stupidity
You profess to be a man of God and you repeat this nonsense! Ask anyone who has taken a life how that affects you forever and you glorify someone who advocates taking a life! Watch Oprah's show on PBS tonight about lynchings in the south where you live!
Love this as well, schools need to adopt these signs or something like it!
So Christian!
Just dont kill people and you'll be good.
Way to go!!
I live in Jersey and how I wish all citizens could carry concealed...I can't wait to get out of this hole of a state.
Stupid.
Hey, in my home state, in small towns, do what you gotta do.
I live in Georgia and love the sign!  In the city limits of Kennesaw GA there is a city ordinance requiring residents to have a gun. There crime rate is very low!
Sick not funny
I Love it !!!
Why not to vacation in Georgia
I’m moving there!
Authoritarian
Yes!
I Really like this guy.........
Typical rhetoric from rural Georgia. Love for guns, military, self, family, God & outsiders in that order. Oh, I didn't mention, professed Bible believing Christians. Figure all that out if you can.
So if a cop there kills someone, we can kill them back now?
Idiot
Luv this!
This is great ! #QAnon #WeThePeople #MAGA #RedWaveRising #Muenster #HumboldtBroncos
Love it!
That will make people who want to harm those children to think twice.  Then they'll decide to go to a gun free zone.  Criminals push for laws to take away citizens' rights to carry guns.  it makes their job easier.
Americans didnt get DUE PROCESS when NICS background checks acted against priors before background laws existed. Making NICS EX POST FACTO, DBL JEOPARDY with lifetime ban added to priors adding a second sentencing to priors with no DUE PROCESS. BILL OF ATTAINDER INFRINGING on #2A

Love it 
Perfect!
I like that Sheriff! Makes a person feel safe and a criminal...very uneasy!
What a dump
Love the honesty here. One jail. Many graveyards. You decide.
Uh.    FU
Mike Huckabee Sanders is in the mood tonight to show his toughness.
such a Chtistian!!!!
Love Sheriff Jolly
that's great

Those things do not mean a Christian has no right to self defense. "Turning the other cheek" for example means not to seek revenge on those who have wronged you.
I like it! 
Very Christian mike!
I loved that too. Go GA sheriff.
You’re a douche
Yup. That’ll work. Cause we all know signs make crazy people suddenly act rationally.
Seems like a good place to visit if you want to steal guns.
I LOVE IT.
If we get rid of all the guns, then we would have to depend the FBI and the like to defend us. How did that work for those kids and teachers? Better wake up before it is too late.
So Pathetic
Love it:)
Texans have already proven our stance. We defend ourselves, our families, and our homes. It’s the right thing to do: you shoot at us, we know how to shoot back and our aim is dead-on target. Don’t mess with Texas or Georgia.
Love it!!
HERO!
What a sick world.
Love it. Gets the point across without any difficulty.
good one.
That is awesome!!
Not any worse than the "we consider everyone legal....."
I love this!
We want licensed guns back in the  we need to protect ourselves from the filth @MayorofLondon has allowed to flourish!
One for each day, how many lots a piece
LOVE IT!  We want a copy!!!
I ready to move there.
Yes. You're nuts.
Love it!
Doubt they have many armed robberies.

Do you support illegal immigration?
Frankly, there should be more of these signs, criminals are unwelcome!!!
#Awesome kick ass sheriff! Boom! #2ndAmendment #2ADefenders
LoL 
This is so...AWESOME!!!! And a bunch of other favorable adjectives!!
Bet you have low  crime  rate
The text read: “WARNING: Harris County is politically incorrect. We say: Merry Christmas, God Bless America and In God We Trust. We salute our troops and our flag. If this offends you…LEAVE!”  What an idiot.
Love it
That’s why we love you Govenor

Beautiful
Love this.
Good for him.
Good thing those who use guns for violence are rational enough to heed this warning!
Love this!
They should put them up at all border crossings with soldiers everywhere
Hehe been spamming my feed with this. Right on Mike.
Evangelists certainly love Gov. Mike Huckabee!  
A huge supporter, along with us, of President Trump.
Hey Scott Israel you need to get some training from this   Real sheriff
That's a christian welcome! Right? If U walk into someone's house would U feel welcome or in christian fellowship,with a violent welcome statement? Of course not,i wouldn't visit that house, so that sheriff can go 2hell & keep their town, they wouldn't get our business.
Well said!
Love it

https://twitter.com/diplomatprime/status/982669678576189441?s=21 …
All Americans must watch video from Dick Morris about DOJ Rosenstein corrupt,conflict of of interest n appearance&fact with his wife representing Clinton’s&Obama many times no professional ethics. Rosentein”DEEP STATE” Sessionsimmediately &DISBARREDGBA
Love it  !! 
I'd like to see your statistics. Talk is cheap.
Alright!!!!! A very safe town!!!
Sir, i noticed in your handle that it had “Gov”......What state are you the Governor of?
That is awesome
This is the new politically correct!  Shoot at us, We shoot back.
I wanna move there
Love this sheriff
Georgia one of my favorite states. 
So glad it’s mine!!
Love it!
Yea, an you claim to be Christian. You’re not. Nor are most republicans.
Most of America agrees with him onward Christian soldier who are you to judge anyone Republican or Democrat
More guns = more gun deaths...States with strict gun laws have less gun deaths than states like Georgia. Its a fact.
How do you explain the gun deaths in Chicago, with some of the strictest gun laws in the country?
Let me know when chicago becomes a state. Until then, Illinois still has less gun deaths than Georgia
Duh...  I’m sure you are smart enough to grasp the point I was making, but since you have no intelligent answer, that tells me all I need to know.
That more than made my day!! Ya Really Just Gotta Luv That!!


Typical yank stupidity ban all guns like oz safer communities
Aren’t you a religious guy?
We say it in Texas , too.
Love the sign!
Very well stated.....the writing is on the wall, these people better watch out in your neck of the woods.....

Your Jesus would #BoycottGeorgia . And let the congregation say, "Amen!"
You Joke but this is a Serious Matter! Grow Up!
That adds nothing to the debate. Go over to Sarah’s. You all can plan your lies for next week together
That's awesome. The criminals have been warned. 
I go to Georgia every yr to visit family and always feel safer knowing that law abiding citizens are armed if there is ever a threat to me or my family.
Love the sign it says it all
Public thrashing
Arkansas needs to step up to the plate. At least Ozark AR.
Right on
As it should be...
Love it!!!!

Like it!!! 
 
And completely antithetical to the teachings of Jesus Christ.
Great Sheriff... Harris Cty Georgia...
Should be at the entrance of every town that has any common sense and a dedication to the ppl that live there.
I’m loving it! #MAGA

LOVE IT
My kind of guy!!

I love that message.  Should be posted at the state line in all states.  Heck lets put it along the border north and south and the airports.
#stromydaniels #realnews
Pathetic
Love it!  Thx Sheriff!

I told my husband that I want us to move there!
Governor, this sign should be the welcome for every town in America and especially the cities where crime is rampant.
Yes, actually, I do. Being responsible means only using it if there are no other options. This sign gives the criminals fair warning that if they shoot someone tbat person has the right to defend themselves and shoot back. Pretty self explanatory.
It’s flaunting. In these times we have to think about the message we also send to those that want to take our guns away. The criminal will learn first hand.
I love it !!!
This is why you should be quiet
Alrighty then. I'd be jumping and sweating everytime a car back fired.
Well said
Ah, I love it!!!!
WTG Georgia Sheriff!!!!!
He is under a spell, blinded, misused, and abused in his very being. Having thus become a mindless tool, the stupid person will also be capable of any evil and at the same time incapable of seeing that it is evil. This is where the danger
Ha!!! VERY Subtle & Direct!!!!
The fact that the stupid person is often stubborn must not blind us to the fact that he is not independent. In conversation with him,one virtually feels that one is dealing not at all with him as a person,but with slogans,catchwords, and the like that have taken possession of him
What
Werent u a preacher and Christian at onr point in your life?  What happened?  Do u think #Christ would have put this sign up?
Ok ,guy, Jesus believed in the death penalty. Wanna know how I can say that? "Today,l say to you,you will join me in paradise". Direct quote from Jesus as he paid the ultimate  price for our sins! Luke 23:43.look it up
Good luck explaining that when u hit the pearly gates
No explanation needed, guy,I'm good.
