And Bebe is full of shit, always has been. He's just as big a crook as Trump.
It was brilliant...
Mikey is believing another liar like donny. I truly believe mikey is going insane.
And Obama goes silent.
Why do you have Netanyahu and the terrorist photo together.
You’re a false Christian - helping to cover for bibis crimes against the Palestinian people.  Truly pathetic.
He lied. It is news that is 15 years old. He wants to start a war to deflect from his being investigated.
You so stupid before you tweet read the fact uninformed liberal.
Stick it to THEM BB
He exposed Obummer as the traitor he is!
E I have been phone on one
He lied! So sick of your lies in support of dictator/crook leaders!
Old news not fake news.. just old...real old.
He also exposed what a POS Obama & his accolades were, a team of  Benedict - Arnolds, for which the venal democrats will never forgive Israel.

Well looks like your perverted friend Trump did pay Stormy Daniels off.  The American people can’t believe anything Trump says.  He’s a fake Christian and a liar.
Dorothy Netanyahu found the WMDs. The sequel to "Bibi and George's Excellent Iraq Misadventure".
WE GIVE ISRAELI $11,000,000 A DAY, OUR TAX DOLLARS. ISRAELI GIVES THEIR CITIZENS FREE HEALTH CARE AND A 4 YEAR FREE UNIVERSITY EDUATION WITH OUR TAX DOLLARS, NOT THAT THERES ANYTHING WRONG WITH THAT??????
And yet hardly anyone is talking about it?
We’ve heard this before. Did you believe him then?

https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4529120/netanyahus-expert-testimony-iraq-2002 …
Great article Mike. Thans. Irean has lied about thei whole thing all alongl The deal is worthless paper.
He said you're a douche. HIS words.  Not mine.
*former "secret program".
Obama ...we got a Twofer , first black POTUS and first Muslim POTUS .
Your daughter is a freaking lier. Rudy Giuliani admits the president lied and your daughter lied.  Fake Christians who worship the devil. False prophets.
Fraud??? Lmao!!
Yes. Here's the president lying according to Rudy.
Yep, about as reliable and free of a self-serving agenda as the average infomercial.
check out the body language in this pic between PM Netanyahu & "Barry Boy"!  To call it 'SENSATIONAL' would be an understatement.  Super arrogant Barry Boy & "what I am hearing here?" PM Netanyahu ... TY LORD FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP, we are so grateful for him ... he's a James 1:17 !
Unfortunately we didn't get to see any direct and clear evidence that such program is STLL GOING ON TODAY, this moment. Data was "dated". Of course "we" the public may not have been shown everything.
Yes he did, and did a great job doing without any notes! Expose that corruption! We're tired of Gov. Corrupption and many swampmonsters remain
Send me go to Congress and Senate and shake everyones hand. I will tell you who is fake or not.
Israel is the best in the world at getting intelligence
Send you to Iran to wage war?

How will Aunt Lydia handle this in tomorrows press conference I wonder?
Netanyahu's 'sources' include the NCRI, which is really the MEK, gov. https://ahtribune.com/politics/1980-mek-ncri.html … The NCRI is the political wing of the People’s Mujahedeen of Iran, (MEK in its Persian acronym)- a terrorist group whcih killed American citizens & was involved in the hostage crisis...
Obama, Clinton's & Deep State Ops Bureaucracy &  Reps Are Interfering With Internet + Telecom =Equilibrium And Net-Neutrality As Well As Our Ability To Organize Against DEMOCRATS PURELY Corrupt And Savagely Tyrannical Dangerously Subversive & Controlling Radically EVIL AGENDA!!
Keep sharing parts 1&2 “Agenda grinding America down” NO TO SOCIALISM.  Was the plan Obama wanted. Let’s keep our bibles close/ keep our traditions/ save our children

Huck, can you please back off with these tweets until this Dennis Miller sitch is resolved? Thx
Get back to Arkansas quick, Chip. At least you know what ‘literally’ and ‘infomercial’ means. You’ve become distracted by your need to play in the majors.

My neighbor is a Baptist Deacon, and often tells me that since my father was Jewish, he, unfortunately, is now in hell. If this is true, does that mean Netanyahu is going to hell too? Have you informed him about this?
No he didn't
This guy does not know hot to shut up and go away..  daughter revenge!
when @netanyahu just failed to pretend! #nobromance
2
The one that hasn't been active since 2003.
Which was not the assessment of Mattis, Pompeo or this admins intelligence community. R u questioning @realDonaldTrump own appointments?
Owning the libs with you’re stupidity, Mike.
Benjamin Netanyahu Is Questioned in 3rd Corruption Case in Israel
What’s easier to hang, a curtain or a puppy?
Ya he's not someone with an ulterior motive.  And isn't he mired in a corruption scandal his own country?
But, but, but Trump had sex 12 years ago
What?
Obama’s response...
He learned terrorism financing from your boy Reagan
which was based on old intel. it was cute he presented it as an infomercial though, as you pointed out, understanding that’s the only format trump might conceivably comprehend
Is Netanyahu under US taxpayers’ payroll now? He has been up on national news everyday, so what’s up? Another Middle East disastrous war?
WONDER HOW NETANYAHU FELT SEATING IN FRONT OF A TRAITOR TO THE U.S. WHICH FOR SURE MOSSAD HAD INFORMATION !!!
... with data from 2003.
Obozo sucks.
Bibi also lied to us about iraq and wmds.
