.@foxnewsnight  THIS IS EXACTLY WHY SOCIALIZED MEDICINE DOESN'T WORK! #DeathPanel based on costs not parent's rights. RELEASE HIS SOUL  SEND HIM TO ITALY SO HE CAN HEAL 
 #AlfieEvans #Justice4Alfie #UK #AllLivesMatter #FoxNewsAtNight #FoxNewsUS #FoxNewsWorld
The NHS Does work, do your research before believing an American politician who doesn't know what he's talking about.
Sure it does... As long as you only need routine procedures. If your life is at stake and it costs too much YOU ARE SCREWED!
Really? Because they saved my aunty's life and no expense was spared in doing it. How much experience of the NHS do u have?
That's what she said!
If that picture is truly him (?) He does look a bit disturbed. Every family seems to have a black sheep. Hoping he's getting some counseling and possibly some meds.
Of course they will be cutting it short to watch Fox News
Gov Huckabee, I'm a liberal and have enjoyed watching you. I cannot stand back any longer and not ask you why you don't save your daughter from this impossible position. It's painful to watch and I can't imagine where she will ever work having lost so much credibility.good luck.
Sarah is doing a fantastic job. She is and will be fine
I wouldn't have a kool-aid to watch a liar like you. I guess you and Trump gave your daughter Christian lying lessons. You're all bad at it.
Who do you think is fatter, your dog-murdering son or Donald Trump?
The Macaroni is trying to garner American military support for the upcoming French Revolution of his making, in case it becomes a mite too unruly for his taste.  It's all his single-handed doing alienating both French Army and National Guard.  Not Worthy!
I took a little nap so I could watch you. God Bless! 
OMG, that's a f@cking joke..trump cuts his trip short to watch you!!! Oh sh!t, that's so f@cking funny. Praise Jesus!! You are hilarious!!!
Little Huck is looking a little...hmmm...might need a vacation to perk up? All those LIES take a toll......protect her....you didn't like him....why let her LIE for him....
FNC needs to switch her time slot to Shep Smiths. I never watch that Trump hater anymore neither do my friends. I hate it when breaking news breaks and he comes on. He is unfair and unbalanced. Can't believe Fox renewed his contract. CNN and MSNBC hate Trump too PTL he our POTUS!
The bosses of fox are liberal thinkers and are causing the lean away from the grassroots beginnings when roger aisles left-you can hear it in every few words ‘trying to be so called fair’, we must be careful to be discerning
I might actually be able to watch tonight... 
You bounce between #Fox, #FBN & #TBN so much I can't keep track...
Sad story about baby Alfie...
:-(
the reason Macaroni came
FoxNews?  Of course, Comedy Show.
I’ll take a nap so I can stay up late just to see you 
lifespan U.K...81.3 yrs...U.S 78.6...they are doing a better job, you must be for Medicare for all, or was this just for a 10 minute Fox Trip
U.K. gets less than half the sunshine as the US.
Ugh. Huckabee every letter you type is one letter closer to flushing your career down the toilet.
You are so witty, Mike! #huckabee2024
Mr.Huckabee Sir.:Gov.I mean I will make sure I watch #Shannon Bream on Fox tonight.won't miss it?
#No #NoThanks #Boycott
Ah i think you may need it to make wifypoo happy..
Might need an espresso myself, so I can stay awake to watch.
Take an enema instead
Oh my gosh! Guess I had better put that Louisiana coffee on, we don't have strong coffee in TX - just strong people! I'll be watching!
Now you're going to have me looking close for caffeine jitters! LOL Just so you'll be able to eventually get to bed. Looking forward to the show.
I’ll try to stay awake
If you don’t care for him, don’t follow him.
They might. Stranger things have happened, almost every day, actually.

See you then!
Don’t get it at Starbucks
Haha!
Haha Governor Huckabee.
WERE SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT SARAH..@DNCU
You wish
don't buy it at Starbucks please
Hang in there Huck!!!! I will dvr your appearance!!!!
I don’t know how you find time in your church shuttle duties to be on tv.
I'll stay up so I can watch you!
Now you know Governor that it will be worth it!  ....... who wouldn't want to be on the the Shannon Bream show?  ..... just saying!
I’ll say up to hear you, @GovMikeHuckabee .
How sad. Why would you cut a great evening short to rush and watch TV?
#WWG1WGA  I will be watching...God bless

Will you be in your slippers and jammies sippin’ on some warm ‘milk?’
I will try to stay up just to see you, Gov.  You are the best!!!
I will have an extra strong cup of tea. Looking forward to shannon's show.
cheers !
Not From Starbucks I hope
Ur audience needs double espressos to stay awake. #Urnotfunny
Make sure to use the restroom first.

Or at least ask if you can.
Thank you !

You are not funny.

We will be watching! Have a safe trip home
They can catch you on the App!
I will stay up for you too, Gov. Mike Huckabee!
Give 'em hell gov, the truth is out of the bottle & won't be put back. Tell it like it is. 
FAKE NEWS #FIRESARAH #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW #FAKEPRESIDENT #NOTMYPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH
Trigger little housewife
Kick-starts are way tastier! Lol
Zzzzzzzzzzz

Sounds like a great reason to go to bed early and SLEEP
I'll be watching  you. Thanks ms. Huckabee for your job.
Apologies to Shannon for having to put up with another Huckster
NC & will be watching 

Brainwashed Liberals...lol
Mix some RED-BULL in with your espresso.
Come on gov... Shannon is the best... love the live at 11...
Go get ‘em! #AmericaFirst
MIKE

Opinion on Murdering Dogs please?
Past my beauty sleep time Governor 
I'll be watching at 8:00 p.m. on the West Coast! 
Why does anybody even give you airtime? You should be exiled just for the shitty values you taught your daughter.
Yet you are here. Poor little snowflake. No liberal party to run to cupcake?
That's past my Bible time lol grrr I  will catch it tomorrow though! Thanks. Lol re Macron watching
I am on a fixeded income and caint afford those
LOL #Bot
You think your so smart
Ok Gov
It will be well worth it for them to do so !!! 
@DHSgov @FBI @cia @realDonaldTrump It must be publicly stated that the Federal Corporation is officially the enemy of the Independent Corporate States of America and your Public Safety Officials are indeed your Infantry.
I don't drink espresso but will stay up for Shannon n U.
Oh by the way Gov Huckabee, pls don't forget that I will watch U n Shannon because U r Sarah Huckabee-Sanders' dad.
I will be sure to watch Mr Huckabee, thank you for your messaging you are always on point. Stay strong and keep fighting the good fight, America needs the truth now more than ever.
