Awesome.  Will the recipe be on-line at Fox?
... still not funny.
Still it’s only Fox that lets you on.
It’s the only one worth being on, hence it’s more than likely it’s the only one he wants to be on

Never picked one up
Dee Dee. You are a disgusting peso . Are you so unintelligent hat you annoy converse, o debate a question withou making personal attacks. You can keep your mouth shut an be though a fool or open your mouth an confirm it.
Let me get you to 107 replies Huckie. Was going through my tweets and came across yours. Haha, Trump tweets and gets millions of likes, you get a hundred. Just can't cash in kissing his ass can You?
Awesome!!!

"Let 'er rip"? You're going to fart on Faux News? Seems appropriate.
Poor you, a liberal who suffers from Trump derangement syndrome. You can’t even have fun without vilifying and attacking.  So sorry.
Looks like Sarah ate the WH Easter Bunny before downing her bucket of chicken.
Mike, my 7th grade son already made that recipe public. The recipe found in a scrapbook belonging to the Sanders,  was released by the Colonels nephew after his death!
L.Wayne. What would you have us do. Run away, beg for mercy, we are Patriots, we are in Gods Army, we will fight for our lives, the lives of our families and even those who would have laid down in submission. We are true Americans and will fight till our last breath.

 Love you, Governor Huckabee!
Love @PressSec Sarah, she’s very strong and a no nonsense lady, you did well in raising her.  Keep up the great work Sarah, we’re rooting for you every Press Briefing, put the media, especially the Fake ones, in their place, what you do is not easy. We love you too Governor
If MUELLER tasked with investigating "RUSSIA COLLUSION", and he doesn't look at the DEMS, is HE COLLUDING (with RUSSIA) by MISDIRECTING THE INVESTIGATION? Is there CRIMINAL LIABILITY?

Why bother, Governor? You can get KFC pretty much everywhere for less money than the cost of buying chicken and the ingredients to prepare it.   Now, if you'll tell us what's in MickeyD's secret sauce.  No, wait.  That's just Thousand Island dressing.   It's all just hype anyhow.
I love your daughter! You did fine job sir!
Gov Mike you need to help father's getting custody of their children from unfit mothers. Even after we are proved to be capable father's the state come and attacks with deductions for healthcare back child support. The system is broken for father's.

No, your not! But, I’ll watch anyway!
How many bong loads do you do before puking up this shit on Twitter?
How about addressing something real?

"This means the FBI looked into Trump’s efforts to do business deals in the former Soviet Union earlier than was widely known."
You won't.
#Pussy

Did you notice to what they plead guilty?
I noticed that they are cooperating witnesses and that wouldnt happen if their only charge is lying to the fbi.
I wouldn't count on anything. We the people have been lied to by both the media and top law enforcement so many times. None of that is credible anymore.
No you've bought a trump narrative where he is undermining any institution who disagrees with him or poses a danger. Its what dictators do, they go after the media and law enforcement and once they have enough support they put in loyalists who will look the other way.
How is that even possible when he supports military, police, and other first responders? Your narrative is contradicting itself.
He is undermining the FBI and his intelligence agencies and every media outlet that disagrees with him. Obviously the military and your local police can;t touch him and are no danger to him because its not their responsibility to hold the president accountable.
Please explain, how he is undermining the FBI? The media have been caught in many lies. Many don't respect institutions that lie and constantly tell you want to think and how to react. They usef to present the facts, so Americans could make informed decisions. Now it's opinions.
Ahh, humor that soothes the soul. Thanks Gov and I'll be writing down those 11 ingredients!
ANOTHER CLASSIC HILARIOUS ZINGER!!
Smiling as I read your tweet
Too funny! I've always wanted to know that finger-lickin'-good recipe. 
Much love Bro Mike
How did I miss the recipe?
No need to expose yourself on TV!
Here is your secret recipe: 
Mix With 2 Cups White Fl.
2/3 Ts Salt
1/2 Ts Thyme
1/2 Ts Basil
1/3 Ts Oregano
1 Ts Celery salt
1 Ts Black pepper
1 Ts Dried mustard
4 Ts Paprika
2 Ts Garlic salt
1 Ts Ground ginger
3 Ts White pepper
It’s a shame, but I’m a little addicted to Twitter, but one of the main things I look forward to is reading one of Mike Huckabee‘s “entertaining” tweets to start my day. Like that first cup of coffee in the morning, always puts a smile on my face.
Please tell @potus to privatize the VA!

You don’t need the calories. Please don’t give any to Sarah
What days are you going to be visiting your daughter in prison?? Taco Tuesday’s have a different meaning in there!!!!
A California Federal Judge  from the Ninth Circuit will surly file an injunction against you!
Nooooooooo!
You’re a great guy ! I love how fun and happy your tweets are ! God Bless you and your family this Easter 
Chicken recipe coming from a chicken sh**
I will be watching you with pencil and paper
Hahahahahahaha. Can’t wait!

Do we need a wall?
Uh, Gov...one of those not so secret spices is salt - been wishing for years that KFC would cut that in half.....
Oh good grief no, please dont fart. Those secret herbs and spices need to stay that way. Your gas might cause nuclear fallout.
Lol
Evry1 hates u
Do u sleep
And a soupçon of dead dog.
Of course you will. That's what liars, cheats & thieves do. 
Make sure you share that with the Bone Spur in the Oval Office first!
I don't think you're supposed to be eating fried chicken. Watch your weight dude.
now I'm hungry...
Douchebag says what’s?
I am more interested in how Col. Sanders reincarnated as Reba McEntire?
Squirrel stew and possum belly.

That would be the only relevant thing you ever said!!!!
YOU are the joke.
Haven't you heard? 
Bet you like the chicken though
YYYYESSSSS!
We goin' deep inside the Kentucky Fried tonight...!!!!
You da man @GovMikeHuckabee 
The walls are closing in...
Can't wait
Bam  
Do you mean Chicken Booyah ???
Yeah!! Thanks 
Seems that’s what you say to @NRA-backed mass shooters at high schools: let ‘er R.I.P.!
None of the shooters have any affiliation with the NRA. They were never members. In fact, no NRA member has ever been a mass shooter.
Always enjoy your Tweets, Governor!

And by the way, Sarah @PressSec is the BEST!!!  

Having 2 put up with the flunkies at CNN & the MSM can’t be easy, but she NAILS it EVERY time!

That's a real knee-slapper sir.
Governor you have quite the since of humor.

There is a difference between verbal diarrhea and humor! Maybe try some Imodium after every outburst of humor, not more than 6 a day.
Then don't follow him. Many of his tweets are very funny.
Good one mike! It’ll be about as useful as anything else you have to say.  How much is foxnews paying /appearance now? Oh NM I’m sure you’re on the full time bullshit artist salary.
Probably not as much as CNN is paying David Hogg.
Running of troll
So glad I don't watch. Thanks for raising that lying daughter. Will pray for both of you.
Say something good about that stellar daughter you raised while your at it...You and the Mrs deserve a lot of credit...May God Bless.....Happy Easter
You always make me laugh governor.
Love you Grandpa Huckabee and your daughter,  Sarah! 
In addition, if you keep the drummer in your peripheral vision while playing, you’re much better equipped to follow the drummer ‘s lead in terms of dynamics
Cool. Old men lettin er rip.
Appreciate your humor!!
Love ya, Huck! You really tell it like it is and you’re always right!
Stop selling MACHINE GUNS for the NRA.#CrazyClownFakeMinisters #Election2018 #NRApoliticians #WeTakeCongress #ByeByeGOP 
I  @GovMikeHuckabee 
You realize your daughter lies everyday and people think you both are jokes?
Aw . . . Poor, STUPID Misty!  Still sucking down the sewage from CNN & the MSM??? 
Obvious brains don’t run in your family!
Congratulations this tweet has every terrible 1992 joke rolled into one

Stormy Daniels already has the secret recipe.
You go Dad!!  You’re the one who taught me how to let’em rip from the time I was a little kid. Ask @KellyannePolls about the trumpet fart I let loose the other day!

Nice gathering of pharisees and sycophants.
Do it! Make Pop-Eyes great again.
IS SARAH GOING TO JAIL FOR OBSTRUCTION FOR HER BOSS ?..@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
You might let one rip!  You never let us deplorable's down!
Forget the IG democrat coordinated SWAMP scam, might as well have Obama,  Rosenstein or Mueller investigate. WE THE PEOPLE WANT THE SWAMP DRAINED  NOT INVESTIGATING THEIR OWN ILLEGAL CONDUCT. FIRE ROSENSTEIN AND  APPOINT A SECOND SPECIAL COUNCIL NOW OR  BE  VOTED OUT OF OFFICE.


Evangelicals are a cult of hate. You salivate with guns, wars and white supremacy! You support all that is bad and yes, you are #FakeChristians

@marcorubio @GOP @flotus @realDonaldTrump @GOPisComplicit @WhiteHouse

they’re perfect for each other.
Go get em big boi
