The irony of this tweet after you whined about bullying at a comedy event last night.
This guy has a show?? Ugh....
If the Kardashians can...
I know, right? It's like he wants us to mock him 
hm. I wonder if Jesus would act like this
How would you know? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
idk, maybe the Bible school I went to
Um what bible school is that?
it is a very small university I am not comfortable sharing that info. but I have been a christian my entire life, gone to church every sunday, studied the Bible in Bible school, & on my own, and I have a personal relationship with Jesus.
I think I can speak for Him when I say He would not approve of this behavior.
Thank you ma’am
This tweet didn't age well. #WHCD
It didn't even age lol
I saw Sarah feeding and watering her new Pony this AM, before breakfast.
- 
Ha, ha, ha.
 - I love Twinkie's reply .... 
 I'm Now Following Twinkie.
Thanks!
Hey Mike -please tell us what a smoky eye is and why you're so offended the WHCD said Sarah's was perfect.
Your tirade in defense of your daughter seems to put a lie to those qualities you espoused in this tweet. Mayflies have stuck to their convictions longer than you have. #hypocrisy #situationaloutrage
Do you need that play doh to cope? Maybe a binky?
Actually, those who lack a sense of humor probably love your show.

Pony, popsicle or play dough Governor?
And the man with a show wins a pony. #WHCD
Dear Mr Huckabee; your mocking the *idea* of people being defended & then openly criticising Michelle Wolf makes you an example of everything that is wrong with global politics. You’re a hypocrite and/or only able to formulate opinions to drive your politics narrative.
I’m not offended by your behaviour. I understand & recognise it for the career motivated behaviour for it is. You’re “just doing your job”.... only you’re not. Your job as a politician is to lead and make the world better. Good luck with what you do next.
"I'm crass! Watch my show!"
"Michelle Wolf was crass! HOW DARE SHE?!"
Well, this tweet didn't age well over the last .... 24 hours.
Please heed your own advice, sir. Also: get some professional help.
Oh the irony...lol 
Thank you for standing up to all those snowflakes who couldn't handle the comedic stylings of @michelleisawolf.

So Mike... about being offended by comedy...
YOU HAVE A SHOW?!!!
Damn, Guv'na. This tweet didn't age (by one day) very well.
H is for for Hypocrite.
Gimme a break Huckabee.  You can't say anything about anything when you support a traitor in the White House.  You're done, finished, caput. 
Wow- wasnt even 24 hours tht you tweeted this. Irony.
Next day: triggered AF by the #WHCD18.
It took you one day to completely change your mind on the value of free speech, Governor. Further evidence that you’re a spineless politician is probably not necessary.
How is this tweet aging? Asking for a press secretary x
He goes from this to ranting about how terrible the roast of trumps staff was and how offensive and against the first amendment it was...
Seems like you are just like the comic from the WHCA dinner you criticized...
Wow, this did not age well.
did, um.... did you forget you tweeted this yesterday?
So... what’s good for the goose isn’t good for the gander... Gotcha. But seriously, kudos to your daughter’s make up artist for her perfect smoky eye.
Unrepentant homophobia offends my conscience and sincere religious beliefs, so I'll have to pass.  Thanks, though.
You couldn’t pay me to watch your show. 
This is gold.
So you getN your daughter-twin a popsicle and some play-dough??
You're one $5 KFC Fill Up box away from a heart attack. Keep going.
Triggered?
so basically what you’re saying is that those offended by the jokes made at the WHCD should grow a pair?

Many Studies Agree Lying Causes Premature Aging. 
I had to check to see if this tweet was real. Was not disappointed.
Who needs a popsicle now, snowflake?
This tweet didn't age well did it
Only MAGAts get to have their tender fee-fees respected. Dish it out, but can't take it.

You're just another bully.
Hypocrite!
Huck it, suckabee, and the pony you rode in on, and the popsicle up its ass, and the playdough you eat.

This aged well.
Howzabout I just don't watch your show because you're a unfunny shitheel?
Hypocrite.
I don’t watch jack leg preachers on TV or anywhere else.  You’re safe.
Can past you tweet this to the you of right now?
Maybe you need to take your own advice, Huckabee.

Yes you just tweet about a comedian making jokes.  Hmm. I smell a hypocrite.
Ok, I’ll not watch.
And now they can look for a “cry closet”. Smh.
Getting those “A” listers, just like Celebrity Apprentice....guess I’ll be watching Real Housewives...quality TV...more truth anyway.
why? Is your son sacrificing a dog on live TV?

People who are offended by baking cakes, kneeling during the national anthem, and when someone tells them "Happy Holidays" are the last ones who should be lecturing about being weak-kneed snowflakes.
How’s your popsicle?
Wow, did you change your tune quick.
Now perhaps you should take to task the most powerful man in the world. 
#snowflake
Haha. How did you enjoy Michelle Wolf, snowflake?
#WHCD
Reminds me of when you were triggered the following evening. #hypocrite
You are not good at this
The irony....so thick.....so rich.....
Absolutely love the irony of you posting this less than 24 hours before being triggered by the WHCD. Not sure I can swing the pony, but I'd be glad to send popsicles and Playdough. Toughen up, buttercup. Hilarious!
So Trump won't be watching ?
Love your show Gov! Keep up the great work!
In light of your stupid-ass tweet about the #WHCD like, a day later, this really reads like the hypocritical ramblings of the toadstool we know you to be.
How ironic this turned out to be.
What kind of popsicles and ponies do you need to help you get over the astounding hypocrisy that you are drinking up right now?
hypocrite much?
You poor snowflake.
LOLOLOLOLOLOL This was Tweeted barely a day before your tantrum about the roast at the WHDC. I'm jealous that you're getting a pony. What flavor popsicle are you getting? What's your favorite thing to mold from Playdough?
Didn't you just get offeneded by Michelle Wolf? Bwahahaha you can diah it out but can't take it

Those who think that the tasteless classless bullying at the WHCD was an example of the 1st Amendment should never condemn bullying,bigoted comments, racist bile or hate speech.  People should be free to speak but held accountable for it.
Right?! 

Hey, @PressSec Slanders - do you need a pony, popsicle and Playdough after last night? You looked like you were near tears. 

#huckabeescandishitoutbutcanttakeit
Despicable Huckanut ! Get him off the air!
you mean I don’t have a right to NOT be offended?
Sad to think you use to lead in Jesus name yet still pretend to live and speak in His name
Well this Tweet #didnotagewell.
I'm going to take a really wild stab and guess absolutely nothing even remotely funny was said on this show.
Sounds like you need a popsicle. Suck it
Oh dear. Mike, your Twitter feed is more hypocritical than Bill Cosby doing an anti-rape PSA.
Is that @PressSec or Baghdad Bob, Mike? 
If your daughter @PressSec Huckabee lacks a sense of humor, gets “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring herself  to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT attend the #WHCD!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough to cope!
What a fascinating line up of "Who the fucks".
This is ironic considering the public whining you have been doing since the #WHCD. Do you have your pony, popsicle, and Playdough after @michelleisawolf spoke some hard truths?
And just 24 hours later you are the one needing a pony, a Popsicle and Playdough.  The IRONY!
Well, this hasn't aged well has it? Also, you don't seem to fully understand the difference between bullying and crticizing. One who has power bullies. For example @realDonaldTrump   insulting individuals repeatedly on his Twitter account. Sp, what kind of popsicle do you prefer?
#hypocrite
This aged well
Hmmmm. This is a very interesting point of view. Did you get your pony, popsicle and play dough yet? I hope you skipped the pony though, I hear your son likes to kill animals.
Practice what you preach-you repubs can dish it out but can't take it. Trump & Sarah lie to WeThePeople daily. That's a million times worse than anything said last night. It's a much greater wrong to blatently lie to an entire nation EVERY day - that IS NOT politics. That's sick!
Derp

Same can be said about your reaction to the #whcd

Hey, stupid...why are you crying a few Tweets later about these very things?
OK...I'll watch Michelle Wolf's accurate depiction of you daughter again. It was awesome!
lol
#hypocrite
how do you square these two tweets? They seem to have conflicting messages
The WHCD was supposed to celebrate the 1st Amendment.  Instead they celebrated bullying, vulgarity, and hate. They got all dressed up so they would look nicer when they had a hired gun savagely attack their guests. Do they really wonder why America has no respect for them? Sad!
If you’re putting humor & your name together please don’t. Lying seams to fit you Huckabee’s best. #Hypocrties
Well if THAT doesn’t make you watch...
Looks like an all star lineup of unknowns. Have fun. If that’s your idea of fun...
Wouldn't miss it for the world. You're the best!
Looks like a winning line up Gov!

Why's that?  Are you gonna tell the story again of how your son killed a dog?
Where do we send the pony, the popsicle and the play dough to?
Cal the FCC Have this Fake Pulled off the Air  Just because His Bloated lying Daughter Is Press Sec don't mean He gets A Show
what Happened to the 68 Million that you stole From AR GovMikeHuckabee?  I think You Need to come up with the Money you stole
Maybe you could take some of your own advice. 
Nobody mocked your kid because of her appearance. 

They mocked your kid because she lies.
You capitalized "Playdough," because it's a brand... but, so is Popsicle. Also, it's Play-Doh. Guess they aren't lobbying you. @Popsicle @PlayDoh @PONYbrand
Like you were triggered by WHCD? This is too timely, Mr. Snowflake.
Is your son going to torture and murder a dog for kicks to liven up the crowd?
@GovMikeHuckabee how’s your pony, popsicle, and Playdough doing? Hope you’re comfortable in your safe space!
Or a gun
So, after the WHCD, am I right guessing Sarah got a popscile and you got the pony? But don't worry, I don't think many will call you a snowflake.  They will think that, but few will say it.

After seeing the young female hired to verbally bully anyone who worked for @realDonaldTrump I now understand why eating Tide Pods is popular.  That level of vulgarity is best handled with a mouth washed out w/ soap. Have some more Tide Pods.
Guess you ran out of Playdough during the #WHCD. Maybe @PressSec ate it. 

#hypocrite
#fakechristian 
#nomnom
Wait what? I’m so confused anymore.
Sounds like the WHCD
@GovMikeHuckabee Hey Hey! Did you see this tweet? And then your other tweet?
You're a special kind of disgusting...
until one of your widdle fwiends gets picked on.  boo hoo
Fair call @GovMikeHuckabee :) I hope you'll be an example of restraint

Aren’t also the guy who cries sexism whenever anyone criticizes his daughter for being a liar?
You mean anyone has a sense of humor they shouldn’t watch your show.
Hey sweetheart, can I get you some playdoh? a pony? I know, a popsicle, promise its as cold as a snowflake. #CryBabyHuckabee
You must be a disgraceful person to have raised such a spineless, lying, disgraceful human being. If she is human. Hell Y’all might be #SpaceAliens for all we know from a planet where deceit is just the thing to do. #SociopathsGONNASoc
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with then DO NOT attend the WHCD!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough to cope! #WHCD #MichelleWolf #TrumpCircus #Resist
Christians have a catchy saying about removing the log from your own eye before addressing another’s splinter. As a politician, supposedly representing your constituents in a professional manner, you tweet a pathetic taunt like this but attack a comedienne for doing her job? Sad
Right you are Gov. Huckabee. The LEFT are bullies of humongous proportions.They are happy when everyone agrees with  them.They cannot tolerate different opinions. Hope God smythes/swats them all down!Heres hoping!
You can post this but get butt hurt by the WHCD? Snowflake!
These tweets age like a Trump steak
Kinda like you needed those three things the next night, after @michelleisawolf "slighted" your daughter by calling out her lies?
Thanks for the unnecessary warning, funny faux father.
I guess you forgot to read & take your own advice from this tweet before the White House Correspondence dinner :/
This tweet should tell THIS TWEET https://twitter.com/GovMikeHuckabee/status/990557547210989568 …

to STFU.
The WHCD was supposed to celebrate the 1st Amendment.  Instead they celebrated bullying, vulgarity, and hate. They got all dressed up so they would look nicer when they had a hired gun savagely attack their guests. Do they really wonder why America has no respect for them? Sad!
You mean people who act the way you did over the #WHCD joke?  Snowflake much?
This tweet deserves more ratio #hypocrite
Damn you are a hypocritical twatwaffle, and from looking at your offspring and her actions you should have been sterilized
Oh, challenge accepted!  You should be careful about trying to compete in an arena where you are vastly under-equipped. I already made the popcorn in prep 4 yesterday & today! Heh heh...sure you don’t wanna walk that back on the “higher road”? There’s still time!  
Do you follow yourself? Cause you might want to, in order to maintain a standard quota of consistency.
This aged well!!
Well isn't this tweet awkward.... Since you lack sense of humor watching Michelle Wolf. Got offended by the slights you created and literally could not bring yourself to tolerate it. You were super triggered and probably need a pony now to get over it.. You're a joke.....
Or dogs to torture, like your sons
Poor crybaby Mikey.   Rough weekend?
Your lack of self awareness is utterly incredible. You're a hypocrite.
Hahahahaha! Talking of triggered: #snowflake
You frequently block people who mention your son killing a dog.
Can you send this post to yourself
Exactly. Don’t watch the WHCD then...
This Tweet didn't age so well.

You have sure changed your tune in the last 24 hours
And yet here you are,  screeching after the WHCD... 

So, a joke about your lays eyed hayseed daughter bothered you????? Lol! Follow your own advice fcuker
Hah hah hah hah! Wow. You really have no self awareness whatsoever.
You can't hide your lying eyes and your smile is a thim disquise. 
Thanks for the warning, can't wait to miss your garbage show.
"...a pony, popsicle, and Playdough to cope!" Which one would you like? You two faced ba$tard.

Oh Okay so your daughter @PressSec is not going to watch your show? Will she be in a corner with her popsicle and pony? Hypocrite.
Pure gold.  After you and your ilk have been whining all day about being offended by last nights event, I run across this.  Your daughter gets her hypocrisy honestly I see.
Oh that’s the perfect hypocrisy of the conservative elite. Like bullies you dish it out but become snowflakes when on the receiving end.
Hahahaha
You should probably delete this
I will now refer to you as Governor Captain Triggeredbottom.
Wait, for a minute there I thought you were implying you'd be speaking at the correspondents' dinner. Sorry about the misunderstanding, Gomer.
Was it humor when your son killed the dog?
Hey dude you want some Playdough or a pony or a popsicle or something? I see you crying a lot today and being offended
Your inability to understand irony pairs nicely with your inability to understand humor.
#MichelleWolff
Trust me, I wouldn't watch you if you paid me to!  Jerk.
You absolutely have no ability to keep up with the bullshit you spew on a day to day basis do you.

Want a safe space Mike?
 #Snowflake #WHCD
But yet you got butt hurt over jokes at the #WHCD . Doesn't that make you a hypothetical snowflake? 
Well this didn't age well 

#Snowflakes
Ah. A celebration of bullying, vulgarity, and hate.
It's Play-Doh you boob.
Apparently you, your daughter, and your dog-murdering son need cry rooms.
Lack sense of humor...offended by slights you create...sounds like what happened to your joke of a daughter last night.  The irony is delicious.
