Wasn't this what Trump promised black community? "u have nothing to lose, you might as well give me a chance to make it better for you" -Trump 2016

Hucking your own  Pathetic. Please enlighten us and list the policies, plans, infrastructure put forth by trump for.....anyone......List just one. Just one thing with trumps name on it to promote the black community. Or to just build their employment #’s Just one. I’ll wait....
This Ben Carson? Right. Yeah. Sensible ... and Kanye? For real? The strength of your argument is astounding.
Jeezus looks like a clingon...What the what?

"Every week you stand in front of a microphone and willingly perpetuate falsehoods that do great harm to millions of people.

As a Christian that has to be rough—or maybe it isn't."

…
Ben Carson is about to rsise the rent in all public housing. He is the perfect example of Trumps persecution of minorities, the poor and helpless. The poor are the fastest hrowing demographic in America.
No clickbait today Huckster1, Kany'all couldn't get a better promotional team than you guys and you come free. So promote his album. And your're the Guv'ner of where exactly?
Just stop! The Republicans don't care about black people unless they are rich.
Exactly
Oh yes. Because those are two fine examples of african americans. NOT.

We were making fun of Kanye way before Trump. And if you can take Carson seriously you're even thicker than I thought.BTW, it has nothing 2 do with being black, but nice try.
Remember when Trump desperately spread the false accusation that Obama wasn’t born in this country and therefore not American? Americans who know better, don’t vote for bigots who traffic in racist gutter politics.

Oh FFS, Kanye's a big boy, he can take care of himself. Nobody's "brow-beating" him. If anything, they're jut exercising their own freedom of speech. I don't like any Trump supporters, Idgaf what race they are.
As opposed to the desperate attempt to shame, browbeat, humiliate and slander any prominent African-American who dares question the oppressive ironclad grip on minorities by systemic racism  in this country? 
Yes Nugent is a POS.  And so are you, Mike.
You haven't named any black people
Who wore the use of religion to abuse woman better Aunt Lydia or @SarahHuckabee
every islamic run government.
I can see you have not kept up on current events or watched the show. The correct answer is Sarah. Thanks for playing
We Sarah.

@PressSec @GovHuckleberry  @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @seanhannity  make sure to take some Fans with you
Since when has a white alt right who believes he deserves more then the poor mike #huckOfshit know about minority struggles or about pop culture. You probably had to Wikipedia Kanye West!!
Probably pronounces his name Can yay
Shameful expression when you don't know someone to call them racist, is this what this Country has become? Let mankind of any race support who he wants. As a free Country we have to stop hate of political OR other kind.  No one, drug induced or not, should make life threats. Sad
Congratulations on naming every both of the black men who support people who hate them.
Iron clad grip on the minority vote? Putting Kanye's entitled support of Trump, what data do you have on Trump's "IRON GRIP" on the minority vote?

So I see both side see us as slaves!
Just a reminder that Huckabee's son murders dogs and his daughter murders truth. Oh, and the Huckabees love pedophiles
Umm..  you can't see the irony dripping here.  Republicans attacking intelligent black man named Obama
Or, just ask you pal Don what he called people chanting “blood and country” in Charlottesville.
Hey gov, since you are a Can yay fab now , listen to new slave - you might like it
who gives a fuck about his politics; his favorite game is Connect Four. he's an intellectual toddler. his LYRICS do all the shaming
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop

We make fun of Kanye because he is certifiably nuts. Not because he is black. And the support of Trump...it is because he wants attention. Nothing more.
Without the inner city black vote Democrats are done
without the racist white vote, the Republicans are done.
it's not Kanye TO Carson. It's kanye AND carson.
Kanye West is your kind of guy. Vulgar lyrics, drugs and thug life. Please play his music . Enjoy.
I think so. The progressive liberals thought they had finally taken over the government and owned it, and they are livid and feel like it was stolen from them because the rest of America voted and took them out of power. They feel robbed because they consider it their possession.
In the same way they consider what they call “the black vote“ to be there possession. And as soon as a prominent black American steps out of line, has an independent thought, or doesn’t follow the party line narrative, they feel robbed, like their possession has been taken away.
Someone needs to tell them they don’t own the government and they don’t own people and American citizens, of all colors, are free and allowed to think, feel, say, and do whatever they want to. Including voting or choosing who they to support & vote for. Quit being control freaks!
@GovMikeHuckabee @PressSec

Two of the whitest black people in Americs

Did you write this before or after your weekly Klan meeting?

Did someone on your staff have to Google to figure out how to spell “Kanye”?

#TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpTreason #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpIsSoBroke #PutinsPuppet #MuellerTime #ImprisonTrump #PeePeeTapes #TrumpIsARacist
Convenient for your failure to mention Carson low income rent increases. 
#BlackLivesMatters #FirstAmendment 
paid #FakeNewsMedia  such as you http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/diamond-silk-trump-campaign-paid-fec-filing-shows/story?id=54747367 …
and @NRA blood money to @VP and @realDonaldTrump .
@carlofiorletta
Blood is on the hands of liberal politicians who left the students unprotected with their policies of having a gun free zone come to school shootings have happened since then and arm staff stopped the killers. Had Parkland had armed staff to protect them they might still be alive
Propaganda by a corrupt government.
Why would anyone listen to a hypocrite like you?


I am sure you are buds with @kanyewest

Says the man who’s probably late for a Klan rally ...
1. @kanyewest needed free publicity to sell records
2. The Carson family is part of the #TrumpSwamp
That is it for black friends of the WH!!
Shut up and dribble?
Oh please...he just wanted his time in the spot light...competing with his wife who is getting all the attention
Fuck Kanye & Carson. You think they are representative of African-Americans? Stupid knows no color.
YOU want to defend Mr West? His lyrics for you to ponder:  
"Coke on her back made it stripe like jungle fever.
You will not control the threesome/Just roll the weed up til I get me some.
We formed a new religion/No sins as long as there's permission."
Name one Kanye West song. I dare you. Name one album. Name ONE THING  he has said about abortion. Oh, you can't? I can. Here ya go: “...an abortion can cost a ballin’ n—-s up to 50gs maybe a 100. Gold diggin’ b—-es be getting pregnant on purpose. #STRAPUP my n—-s!”
When your daughter is a lying pig, it’s hard to laugh at anything.

You are useless, Fuckabee.  Utterly and completely useless.  I wish there a god because I would love to see your face when you realize that your ways have alienated you from eternal rest.
Your racist party will never get our votes.
Because you've proven to be soooo concerned with the plight of POC...
Just. Stop.
Its crazy to think that the libs are so desperate to shame and slander African Americans when your son tortured and killed a dog and you used your position as governed to cover it up.  Stay woke!! #YEEZY
Ahhahahahahaha! You're funny! #cluelessoldwhiteman
@kanyewest & Ben Carson are both idiots.  It’s not slander if it’s true
Oh because you were always a Kanye fan, Mike? Hypocrite
#IdiotTweet  #SelfServing

consider that they tend to be batshit crazy! ben carson and kanye each have their strengths but coherence and a comprehensible line of logic are not among them ...
I'm sure you would be such a great influence on African Americans. I'm sure your record speaks volumes as to your dedication and respect for people of color. GTFOH idiot...We remember you comments about Obama and him being shot. You're an ASS!! And you always will be. Idiot!
Mike.... take a peek at this.   It will surely make your day.   This is how Mexico thinks our amazing president has handled the situation.    Just watch for the last line.    When I need a laugh, this is what i watch.   Enjoy!
Hey Huck, since you’re such a big fan, can we get a video of you singing Kanye’s new song? It goes “Poopity scoop,. Scoop di-di whoop! Whoopty scoopty poop! Poopy scoopty scoopty whoop. Whoop di-di scoop, whoop poop!” Seems like the poop parts about you.


THEY USED A BLACK WOMAN TO INSULT A WHITE WOMAN KNOWING THAT ANY CRITICISM WOULD BE LABLED A RACIST. HOW ABOUT A WHITE WOMAN ATTACKING MICHELE
@GovMikeHuckabee @kanyewest  4/22/18 four African Americans were killed in a Nashville Waffle House by terrorist Travis Reinking.  Governor how come I see no tweets from you regarding this yet you want to paint yourself as someone who cares about our community. We know the the u
oh now you like black people?!
Consider this: Mike Huckabee attempted to cover up the fact that his son murdered a stray dog.
If you wonder why there’s such a desperate attempt to shame, browbeat, humiliate & slander women who stand for Pro-Choice, who dares to question the @GOP's ironclad grip on the Pro-Life vote, consider RNC Chairman Elliot Broidy who paid for his mistress' abortion.... @PPact
I don’t think Kanye is completely in the GOP pocket  yet.
3 million more without healthcare under Trump..many of them poor minorities....sad
OMG...are you serious? 
LBJ was wrong. It is 50 years rather than 200.
Your president allowed the crowd to boo Hispanics in Michigan on Saturday night. The same president who has not denounced endorsements from David Duke and white nationalists. The same president who talked about “good people on both sides” in Charlottesville. 

The Right is Wrong.
Killing you should not be criticized for something he believes it is of that freedom of speech?
No African-American should be criticized for who they want to vote for And if they talk nice about Trump! Democrats have gone after Kanye and Benson and anybody any other black that gives good input
Dr.Carson who spent thousands of taxpayers money for new furniture?
Kind of funny since that is what trump, you and others do ALL of the time. It's frightening knowing you won't be in the majority any longer isn't it? As time goes on the white male will hold less influence and power in the USA. Scares the heck out of you!!
You people are completely delusional.  No connection to the facts whatsoever.  Smh
Sure. Why don't you hang out with them at a #WaffleHouse & see what happens? Or take a drive. Let @kanyewest drive. Reality may surprise you. #trumpsAmerica is not a good place
Yeah, @RealBenCarson is doing a stellar job...
Remember Trump compare Ben Carson to a child molester,the only thing Kayne did for the black community is made cheap high price tennis shoes& clothes.
Consider they are both massively privileged and have no idea whatsoever of the daily lives of most black americans.
LOL Republicans are racists and black America knows it.
Aman brother
Huckabees = agents of Beelzabub.  Let the liars be exposed by the light of day and rot in jail.
Does that include the gerrymandering that the republicans have done for years

I fall in this category but in no way need you to defend me.. You support Trump and his vile rhetoric but suddenly mad at what took place at the #WHCD. You're inconsistent.

Hey what did you say about Kayne back then?
Bush is too moderate for the fascists now.
Prominent African American? You mean a Black man that has money? Would you have called Tupac Shakur a prominent African American also? Or a vulgar rapper? Give me a freaking break! It is only because he plays into your agenda. You need Black supporters. Ben (uncle Tom) Carson?
Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.
Yeah, keep quoting Kanye as if he is a credible reference.
#Dumbassery
I'm just waiting to see your tweets change when Trump fires your daughter...
You want Kanye...?  Lol... you got him...!  Even when he goes nutty.... he’s all yours... lolz 
Oh and you are such a friedn of African-Americans......not to mention a Kanye fan.....SAD.....
https://youtu.be/zLKG7CfRwSI  
Why is it when @KingJames and @Kaepernick7 voice their opinions on Trump and other topics they’re told to sit down... Kanye says some good things about Trump and suddenly celebrity opinions are great. Oh right... GOP invented the double standard.
No, Liberals invented the double standard and they practice it daily.
Bot
.@Emma4Change is not impressed.  Neither are Americans.
my hero  Emma Gonzalez 
Pretty much we have all been lied to for decades soo it's called we all survived the BS..... No such thing as shame when you survived it all.
M0r0ns
Governor Huckabee you have the trolls getting mad that happens when they hear real people thinking for themselves and not lead around by the nose.  Keep up the good work Governor
Stick to music
About time blacks realized who used them(Dems)and who actually did things to help them(Republicans)
You latch on to anyone who goes against their own race. PLEASE!
Uhhh.. Gov. Huckabee you don't have to be prominent. Just be Black. We've all been experiencing this for years when we choose to exit #Democrats plantation. Worst part is the "...browbeat, humiliate & slander..." .is mostly done by other Blacks. It's insane.
Mike Huckabee, a man so white he's see through is going to tell people of color how they should act. Gtfo
Dems are fearful of change.Dems have an entrenched history of oppressing ppl of color that historically predates the civil war.Even thereafter, they REFUSED CHANGE &dawned white robes & hoods to suppress&beat down blacks with "terror" beat BACK into submission,yet smile unmasked
GTFOH Roy!
GTFOH? What does that word mean? Is it ancient Monaqualingual, predated  1900 or above or more recent.
how come you aren't telling him to shut up and rap? he is a celebrity after all. don't you people  hate hollywood?
Wow, you NOW care about African American people? Or only the ones who are rich Trump supporters? How about the ones that the cops are killing, you care about them? No, I didn't think so...
Stars r given far 2 much credit. Watch their ACTIONS that you can understand & let your kids tell you about their 'music' messages that makes Satan cover his ears! That S...T POISON entered our kids and young adults BRAINS. What did you expect the results would be? NO HERO HERE!
Not all black ppl are Democrats unbelievable
Mikey, u have to start working on the vast amount of vitriolic rhetoric u spew out .. not good for anyone’s soul
It’s kinda like how Ben Carson, Clarance Thomas, etc. admit they benefitted from affirmative action . . . . But they are all of sudden against it now that they’ve “arrived.”  Hypocrisy, selling out, you can call it whatever.
No one slandered him for being a Republican. They raised flags about his mental health for his nonsensical lunacy. Is this what they refer to as being "willfully obtuse?"
If @GovMikeHuckabee regularly spoke with black people or cared about Kanye beyond this self serving, @GetOutMovie need to collect black people, he would listen to his black friends and know @kanyewest has not been the same since his mom died.

#QuitPlaying
Be a MAN, not a coward.
Admit your hypocrisy
Remember Supreme Court Nominee Clarence Thomas went through the same Crap.                         #MAGA
Dude, he sexually harassed women!
But you killed your dog. And you're a shitty bass player.
Most of them will be right at home in a sewer drain. Just saying
Huckabee, you should look at yourself before you post nonsense like this.
GREAT questions by JC Holland --->

Why isn't Sessions & Rosenstein filing charges against Klapper, Clinton, Comey and the rest of the clowns? Since they aren't, why hasn't the President fired them? Why haven't we seen a list of Congressmen who used the sexual assault slush fund?
Because they haven't done anything illegal.  Yeah, hard to believe Trump just can't arrest anyone he wants to.
That damned due process clause!
Trump is doing a fine job attempting to shame, browbeat, humiliate and slander black athletes who protest against police violence by labeling them “sons of bitches”.
NEWS FLASH, WE LIVE IN A FREE COUNTRY FOR NOW, BLACK AMERICANS HAVE THE RIGHT TO CHOOSE LIKE ALL AMERICANS, YOU ARE AN AMERICAN, AREN'T YOU. IF YOU DON'T KNOW THAT, SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH YOUR BULLCRAP
Amen!  Well said.
What I'm wondering is why you still call yourself Gov. You haven't been Gov. of anything except bad judgement in over 10 years.
Probably the same reason a retired or former judge can still be addressed as "Judge". Same as Hildabeast Hilary is still addressed as "Secretary Clinton" , it's just an ettiquett thing. Same goes for most any other elected official. He can also use "The Honorable" as well.
Actually HRC does not refer to herself as that, that is the title that the media assigns.... Her Twitter handle is not SecHRC.... but keep trying, you will get the hang of that logic thing...
Carson the spender
To be fair. When you have sex with your cousin you are going to have ugly kids and people will point it out eventually. Also, anyone remember Suckabee caring about black people before Kanye?
Is that the dog Sonny Boy tortured? Looking at the creepy matchie matchie outfits all I see is the Children of the Corn.
Kanye West sold $120 blank white shirts and shoes that make crocs look like formal wear. Ben Carson is proposing tripling rent on poor people. Neither of them needs help to shame and humiliate themself.
Yea,the democrats have to beat them to get them back in line.This is a shame just like the correspondent dinner last night,nasty people so I do not want to hear about any type of morals come out of Their mouth because they don't have any period.
What ever the skin color....Democrats are for illegals than any inner city citizen who has to live with gangs & violence....Wake up minority groups! Vote republican if you want better tomorrows for your children.
That's a very well put together propaganda ridden dog whistle you have there. Well done trying to remain relevant. Good day, sir.
Runaway from Democrat Plantation.
The 459 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List https://nyti.ms/2jS6zDv  via @UpshotNYT
Stfu fool. You don't even know who Kanye is. He's been frowned upon, for very good reasons, within the hip hop community for years. One reason is the fact that he harassed a wheelchair bound paralyzed  concert goer for not standing when he had asked for the crowd to stand.
Kkkanye
Trump- 
“Mexicans”

Crowd-
“BOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!”
Kanye was slammed not because of his beliefs but because of his motivation. Does he believe in Trump's platform and words? No. He likes his "dragon energy" which is selfish and burns anything in it's path. Kanye believes he is the same spirit. Which is fine for Kanye. Not POTUS.



THE libs are the racists!
Maybe it has something to do with Trump calling an African-American a son of a bitch for his peacefully protest, calling white nationalist good people. They’re just paying attention, Mike.
Are you delineating someone by their ethnicity? I thought we were past all that. Maybe you just forgot?
I wonder why black and brown people don't think Huck is a slap-bass funk brother...
What history book did you read?
We love you Gov. Huckabee and your wonderful Sara too. Most of the world has gone bonkers.They gave the Peace Prize to Obama when he did NOTHING! We are all screwed, cause every country is NUTS
You are just a full time victim pimp now, huh?
Also, the link is to an piece on your website with the clever title "Kanye West Criticized".
What would you expect  from the party that brought you the KKK?
As soon as the GOP starts doing something for the poor and for minorities you'll see them start voting for you.



Sarah Sanders painting these 16 women who’ve credibly accused Trump of sexual assault as liars, is more disgusting than any joke told Saturday night. The  real joke is the fact Trump acts like he’s offended, when…
Somehow this chic does not look believable. Why is this??
I think @kanyewest is able to handle the backlash!
That dude can't even handle a word find anymore... Ye is cray.
Why is the GOP 89% white, Huckabilly?

It has a lot more to do with the Republican's policies as they pertain to minorities that AREN'T rich. Many minority Americans enjoy their rights and don't welcome being treated like outsiders by the republicans. If the 2 people mentioned weren't wealthy, you wouldn't care!
It's not because they are black. 
It's because they are idiots.
Kanye West has always been a wild man this is nothing new
Lol... the guy stood on stage, openly admitted to being stoned as shit and said he wants to be president. And we need to take him seriously?

They are look it up.
Look it up where...hatefulwhitetrash.com?
For some reason I can't see some tweets . Probably best that way . I don't argue with Trump supporters . Just don't have the time or crayons . 
I don't blame you! Hahaha!  Lol!
Really after what you and Fox News did to Obama for 8 years? Hypocrisy at its finest!
stay strong
brother
Emma can't abide Kanye.  Neither can most Americans.
my hero  Emma Gonzalez 
they are racist


That was meant for you stuck_evette!
I know that ! I was laughing at you ! 
any minority that supports the Trump agenda is insane or just plain stupid.

NBC News Exclusive: Kelly says Trump is an idiot, mocks his policy ignorance https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/kelly-thinks-he-s-saving-u-s-disaster-calls-trump-n868961 … via @nbcnews
