Just surprises me that there are that many stupid people out there!
“Hey Jerry, you do realize you are one of the 1 million, right? Was it a mirror you were looking in while typing?
No I don’t need to look in a mirror when I have Hypocrites like you and your Daughter spewing crap and Lies!!
Go to bed Jerry.
Go to Hell POS!
Oh Jerry Jerry Jerry it’s not good for your health to be so angry.
Anger definitely is not my problem when I’m dealing with people like you!
Alrighty then Jerry.  U don’t know me or anything about me.  It’s very ignorant and small-minded to put all  “people like me” in the same pot. What if I said “people like you from TN” have an 8th grade education & have 3 kids by the time they’re 18 and on public assistance Hmmm?
Congratulations, Mr. Huckabee! I know you’re absolutely one of my favorites.
Amen!!!
To be fair I follow you to troll

Mr Gleeson was smooth for a large fella
Congratulations!!
Recounts take place on the second floor Hillary. I suggest you avoid the stairs.
You're a target now governor. Too many followers = deletions from twitter. Get ready for their censor squad.
Great American

Beautiful, just Beautiful.
It's nearly June Hillary, just some more days and you may take a shower again.
It's not just your character that's rotten, but I luv you...
.Celebrate 1mil #TrumpArmySTRONG
#MAGA #MAGA2018
RT @GovMikeHuckabee @POTUS 

@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @LouDobbs @PressSec @Scavino45
@munsue @UTHornsRawk @ari_russian
@C_A_N_S_T @PhdFor @mitchellvii @LoveCovfefe2020 @CarmineZozzora 
@IngrahamAngle 
Watch out..thirty three thousand might get deleted...hahaha
Congratulations Governor. Nice number.
Well Hillary has 63 million people who want her to go to jail... Top That...LOL
And he lied to all of them
1 million and 1!!!

Congrats!
Meet Patty pout! 
That's funny!...We demand her to be on trial too.....
Congratulations
LOL

Animals can always tell what you are and will act on it. Smart dog.
Why do you only follow 546? Are these the only people worth listening to?
Why are you keeping up with how many people he follows? Really none of your business.

Please follow back! #ThankYou
Asking for a friend.....is your wife your sister...cause your kids sure look like inbreeds.....
I follow you, mainly to keep up with the lastest in Christian hypocrisy.
Now this is good!
That's Great! I'm sure part of them are the liberal trolls that have nothing better to do with their time then attack people on social media.
Yeah, well, Clinton has 22.5 million. You’ve got a ways to go.
Lol!!
When are democrats going to be prosecuted?
Crooked makin' demands
Crooked wants to know:
WHY aren't I at 100 million followers!?!?!
Seriously?
1 million viewers that hate your trump puppet fake fox news guts. Just look at the replies to this tweet.
Ha ha ha ha
Russian bots, deolorables and trolls.
And 1
Deplorable...
Have I told you lately how well I sleep at night knowing she will never ever become President?  Congratulations 

Congratulations @GovMikeHuckabee 
I’ll bet he’d rather have $1,000,000. $5 bills. No prize with that.
Facebook/TWEETER CONTINUES to SILENCE & SHUTDOWN CONSERVATIVE'S Campaign ADS and COMMENTS! WE the PEOPLE MUST GET A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST THEM!! FREEDOM Of SPEECH & PRESS!!

Awesome mike
Congrats !   And helluva a job you n your wife did with Ms Sarah!   Shes a nugget!
Awesome!!
You’re pathetic
one million brainwashed fools?
Does this mean a new Hillary Book and book tour?!?
I only follow to see what crazy stuff you say? Do you think people follow you because you matter or they want a good laugh?
Proud to be one of your followers.
I demand she be prosecuted for her crimes!  Treason being #1!
Congratulations 
@HillaryClinton has 22,5 million.

Jill Stein needs a JOB?
Lol
God damn Mike... I really thought you of all people would be beneath this kind of shit. What does this have to do with anything you're doing? Just jerking off the base for likes... #sad
Love your humor, Gov, and I respect your intellect and your faith. Keep up the good work!
This woman should have been prosecuted for her crimes.

Gov NO HILLARY
Bro, grow up. You look like a child!!!! Someone of your maturity level shouldn’t have ever made it to where you are. You’re embarrassing yourself
ALL FROM BOZO'S TRUMPISM ( COMMUNIST) PARTY
You're welcome.
Just like it was Obama’s economy for the first few months of T45, its still the HinkleMan Hangover for Huck. Congratulations, belatedly, @ChipHinkleman group.
This one is my favorite 
It must be difficult for a so-called religious person who supports @realDonaldTrump to admit they made a mistake, and also admit their daughters career and reputation after trump is over! How sad 
:O A man had a consensual adult sexual relationship with another consenting adult?!  I know you lefites prefer raping children, but this is how it is supposed to work.
Must of us follow you for the entertainment.
Yes, and I am one of them. Love you  Mr. Huckabee.
No way, that's a misprint, Gov.Huck.
Get’r Done Already.
Wooohooo
You Rock Mike !!!   Congratulations on 1Million !!!
Besides me, your daughter, wife and #Hannity do any of them speak English?
HRC has the best expressions.
Psst, Hillary has 22.5 million followers.
Someone please prosecute her with a grand jury start with money trails from elections to Russia for a #SteeleDossier
@HillaryClinton has 22 million, by the way
Congratulations!
Go Mike Go
I'm one in a million.  Congrats, Governor! 
Just think, another 21.5 million followers and you'll catch up to HRC
Come on man enough is enough already
Well, she has 22.4M, so you still got a ways to go there Huckster.
 Congratulations!
When did Hillary demand a recount?
I like Huck
I’m one of them
Congratulations Mr Smarty Pants Well deserved, look forward to your tweets, best in town. 

Hillary don’t look happy
Congrats
she would
Damn, mike; don't break your arm...
They are mostly from Iran and Russia
Well deserved!!
Damn she looks so evil. Good lord she would have tried to do some damage to America had they elected her.
1,000,001

LOLOL
Awesome!!! #MAGA #2A #WeThePeople #KAG
You don't need a recount Hillary , you need a vacation in the woods for about 6 mos.....Please go away .....
Look who  gives a damn... NOT
Such a Huckabee shit show daily 
1M + 1 as of now. 
(Although I thought I had followed earlier. Twitter playing games, no doubt.) 
Standing by you Gov. Mike Huckabee, Sarah also.  
Another glass ceiling broken, well done Mr. Huckabee.
lot o' bots
#GovMikeHuckabee Hillary will wonder how many subscribers did you have to pay to get them to follow you (vote for you)
It's because you are a great guy who tells it like it is! I love your interviews on Fox and Friends, and I just found out you have a show Saturday nights. Watched it the first time this weekend.
Who knows Mike if you can get more you might actually win the the Republican nomination
May you have a million more 
Huckabee is still trying to impeach Hillary. HEY HUCKABEE SHE’S NOT THE PRESIDENT

1,000,001

1m +1
Way to go Mike - enjoy your humor when you tweet

But how many are ironic?


Congratulations
Only 21M more to go to match Hillary.
They are bots, dear Gullible.
But - the Governor has no illegal aliens following him, whereas lying, crooked Hillary has millions!
And I thought vanity is a sin. Oh well. As per usual, the Hucksters only use their religion when convenient.


@Twitter @verified @TwitterSupport
Hillary WHO?
This is probably a good time for liberal folks like me who hate-follow, to unplug.  Bye.
I’d ask Hilly but she doesn’t recall
Congratulations!!!!
I'm one of them - what makes you think we're all fans Mike???????
That is really cute congradulations!
Follow me back and it will be 5Mil +1 :)

She demands a recount we demand a warrant!
Congratulations Mr Huckabee on reaching your first Million followers..

as for Mrs Hillary 
I have 53.

Congrats!
Let’s just agree that 50-60% of us are here for the eye rolls & comedy.. (that’s the “laughing at”, not “laughing with” variety) #yourdaughtergetspaidtolie
Absolutely
Keep up the good work Mikey!
Doesn't she have twenty-two times that amount? Ouch. I guess you didn't think that through.
Wonder how many of them make fun of you 

Know 1,000,001

Great job!
!GrATiS!
I hope you will use this opportunity to speak the message of Christ instead of the hate of the devil to this 1 mil followers. Jesus is not in this mockery. Not at all!! And You Who Try To Mix God's will being done with Donald Trump, it's His will for him to repent/ get saved!!
I'm not hearing that from these so called preachers in his administration and yal seem to think he's above the standard of holiness. Patriotic does not equal favored by God. In fact He resists the proud so let's all check ourselves.
So proud to be one of the million, Governor. God bless you.
Why aren't they all liking this post?
https://twitter.com/One_Sad_Panda/status/986060289102639104?s=19 …
She got more followers (and VOTES) than you can ever dream about!!
Congrats!
You go Mr. Huckabee!!
Probly should recount.  Since 1/3 of ur followers r bible thumping inbreeds
Comey drinks- probably takes pills- Donald Trump doesn't drink or take pills - Trump is soon 72, how old is Comey? 50? Why does he have puffy eyes? we should dissect every detail of Comey’s appearance and body language, let it go viral- an out of body experience 
You can subtract 1.
I only follow you to marvel at your stupidity.
Congrats!

Gov. Huckabee
They are blocking us daily.  Now me, no reason other than I support President Trump.  I set up this account as they just shut down @Moms4Trump2020 I have over 3K followers. I got them the old-fashioned way.  One at a time since before the election.
1/2 are from Macedonia.
There are plenty of Russian bots to go around. 
#RussianBot #FakeNews #Troll
Good bye big bad Lier
She has 22.4 million and you use her pic?

What difference does it make at this point? 
Congratulations! It’s amazing what happens when the Clowns are neutered!
You are a real creaper.....you got it bad for HC eh?
Of course he does. And he's going to run for POTUS In 2024????

Yay! Very well deserved!

Nice way to announce it. Did you collude with Russia to get to that number?
Hahaha
Until twitter censors your followers and u loose half a million.   Congrats gov
Hillary bought her list of followers.
Congrads.  Well deserved
