Are you really a Christian preacher?  Would you be proud to stand before Jesus and say this?
Yep
Great suggestion
Exactly Gov! Illegal felons, including viscous gang-bangers, can cause some harm as well. #SanctuaryState
"Viscous gang-bangers"? So they're thick and rather sticky?
Vicious, as in Sid. Pardon the spellcheck typo mon frere.
Mais non, hypocrite auteur! Je ne suis pas votre frère, ni votre semblable!
Anyone that wants law, or laws followed, is a hypocrite? You may want to check w/ some of the massive government “Progressives” on that one. #DefundSanctuaryCities
You haven't read your Baudelaire, have you, mon fleur de mal?

You also do love to skip around . . .
Not familiar, although if “flowers of evil” are representative of a neo-modernity, I may be agreeable. Will have to research Monsieur Boudelaire more thoroughly. My broader point was the cohesion of our current (ever changing) society. More poignantly, faith in things to come. 
May I have a side of ranch?
How about those entering Arkansas-- welcome to the state that ranks 43rd in teacher pay.
My dad liked to say that if most of these teachers were paid what they were really worth, they'd be on welfare.

I agree--if teachers push a "progressive" agenda.
Funny!!!
Libs cause c
What caused your microcephaly?
Let’s not forget to warn visitors about Hepatitis A.
Excellent question!
Coffee also improved memory and for some is a diuretic so the title of this dubious judge's rendering is, "Don't piss on my head and tell me it's raining." Just say'n!
That’s a great response! ROTF LMBO Best reply I’ve seen today! 
It’s because they all eat Tide Pods so they need explanation in Cali. 
Exactly!
When are you going to bring your state out of deficit to billion dollars surplus Huck?
Let’s put up signs: breathing air, sleeping, peeing, pooping, eating .....oh heck let’s just say EVERYTHING causes cancer. Will that satisfy you idiots. Life was never easy! Hello it’s will not be easier! Grow up! Life’s hard because it’s suppose to be.
Since when judges became medical doctors ?
Cancer tests: mean feeding test subjects usually mice, equivalent of 15 life times of suspected cancer product 24 hours a day for test. 

I think if I was fed 15 lifetimes of  I’d get cancer and die. Thankfully afterthat much. Or hopefully I’d drowned B4 the 2nd lifetimes worth
So does this
Dang, you never fail in giving me a good chuckle !  Thank you.
Coffee is healthy
I live in Nor Ca, and what I see in this state is pure insanity from coffee to sanctuary state.  I don’t recall having a fair vote in this fight-cause I can tell you this is not the opinion of the majority. My father fought for our values, his love for God and Country. #weRsane
Ha
Meanwhile illegal aliens rape Rob and murder way across the state of California you think they might need a warning attached to them
California summed up

Check out public pensions payable yearly-unreal http://transparentcalifornia.com 
Now I don’t need to wonder anymore why your daughter is so stupid.
Also, but they are not stating that it's decaf and depends on if the decaf is processed with chemicals.  I'm thinking that it's the chemicals and not the coffee itself.
I think it's more likely if the coffee is in a Styrofoam cup.
What ever happened to common respect and debate. The left are really screwing our USA
because that's what Arkansas became after you were Governor. A devastated wasteland of #FakeChristians like you who teach their children the way to get ahead is by lying. Now you're trying to turn the entire country into Arkansas but most Americans have brains & will #resist
What
I hope it sends Starbuck into bankruptcy ..couldn't happen to a more deserving business..
I’m a cancer survivor. 3 kinds of cancer. I didn’t know coffee could be making it worse. I’m a person who appreciates facts not BS. So thanks Cali. Tea for me.
If coffee can cause cancer, than a spoon will do, a playing field will do, so happiness will do. Stop this kind of mad thinking. You’re a cancer survivor. Be blessed. Be strong.
If seemingly everything is known to cause cancer in the state of California, why would anyone want to live there? ;-)
There are also studies that show coffee helps prevent cancer.  Bet that doesn't have to be posted.
Can you give us the SOP how to enlist in this ‘Brain Free Zone’?
Or the GOP where you don't even have to have morals.
CA is psychotic ! Signs from SF parking garages:
Should also rule that religion can cause terrorist thoughts!
I wasn’t aware that coffee causes cancer. This assumption has been disputed over & over again. So, just because CA now rules this assumption is true, it becomes a fact? Sorry, but I demand CA prove it! Starbucks is 100% Dems. CA should be grateful to them.
Awww Huckachuck, trying your hand at comedy again? Yeah, your not so much with the funny there cowboy. Why do it you prepare for ANOTHER failed Presidential run so you can get 31 votes in the primary.

Oh and tell Steve/Sarah her sexy change operation went very badly.
What about a “Brain Free Zone” anywhere around @FoxNews @GovMikeHuckabee @PressSec @realDonaldTrump  There is nothing but hate and bigotry coming from that group and their followers. #BoycottIngramAdverts #BoycottRosanne
Great observation.
Or a warning as you enter California - "California - ENTER AT OWN RISK"
THAT'S WHY IT'S CALLED THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CALIFORNIA!
Come on. You’re just angry you are banned from coming to California because people don’t want you near their kids. I think that’s reasonable.
I can't believe I just wasted 6 minutes of my life reading the ridiculous replies to this shit tweet. Go away.
... i just love me some huckabee!!!
The brain free zone is the White House and wherever you are
No no, Obama Bin Laden left the Whitehouse with MANchelle the strap-on queen
 At the same time the news broke on this, they also stated that another study stated it was the fountain of youth,  So who do u believe...? I think I will go with anything instead of Cali’s opinions!
Time to short coffee for about 5 years
Time to ban coffee?
This is what they spend their tax payers money on. Bogus legislation to make you fearful of living. When they cant even provide ample clean drinking water without rationing and warning residents.
So true.
or at state lines, erect signs that read"Drive with Caution!  You have just entered a Criminal Run State"!
There are a lot of conservative areas in Cal, such as Orange County.
Haha “brain free zone”
what CA Judges should rule is that illegal aliens are ILLEGAL aliens
This is ridiculous!!!
Hilarious!
CA cares about keeping its citizens safe unlike trump and the GOP.

Or welcome to California. Those that enter may be at risk for hepatitis!
How about a warning that entering and living in California can cause you to be murdered by illegal criminal aliens?
How about declaring that CALIFORNIA causes cancer!?
Wonderfully stated. Thx Governor Huckabee.
@EversFam @ABC7. Agreed. .like your tweet
Are there any sane people left in California?
Not many, I still know a few and their embarrassed to say where their from!

There is no hope for California.  Let’s build a wall between them and the rest of the country.  
Now a days just about everything can cause cancer. I don't think it's the food, I think it's all the pesticides used on the plants and GMOs.
I love your tweets. Starts my day with a chuckle.
Wow...sometimes just wow when I think about California
I was raised there in the 50’s-70’s but then it really got bad so I got out of there! It really is embarrassing to tell anyone! I prefer to say I was hatched somewhere in the middle & traveled around until I settled in CO, 
Coffe has been around the world for ever ! Now a sudden cancer agent?! We allshould be dead
MIKE HUCKABEE IS BRILLIANT!! BONAFIDE BRILLIANT .      California is a dead  free zone. Great for “dead heads??’  Oh no!

Amen!
Surgeon General's Warning:  California can be hazardous to your brain and your constitutional rights.
California causes cancer!
Love this!
kind of f** your morning up when you see your name and cancer in your cup.
Barbhagan@aol.com
And coffee was just taken off the list as cancer-causing. #FoxandFriends reported on Friday.
I’m sure Starbucks is delighted with that News . Let the liberal bigwigs fight among themselves. Can’t wait to see their reaction.
But don't mind the disease ridden people pouring across the border that we're forcing you to share space with....nothing to see here.
Breathing has also been shown to cause cancer. However, it still beats the not breathing alternative.
The left coast is a place where common sense is not tolerated.
I wonder what it will cost those companies to comply with CA's newest law.  Is there a less business-friendly state than CA?  NY, maybe?
You have a much greater chance of catching a communicable disease in California than cancer from coffee.  Californian officials are dumb and dangerous.
STARBUCKS ... Creating caffeine addicts since 1971 now exposed as one of America's biggest causes of cancer. Can't wait for the BIG COFFEE law suits to begin. Founded on the Left Coast.....destroyed by a  Left Coast Judge. Now that's Leftist Justice.
We could probably skip the signage same as we do will the South, the GOP, Trump and his team, and "D" list show host like you.
#LiberalCannibalism
Or...why not put a sign at the borders that says “Enter at your own risk.  Illegal criminals running rampant.”
So true!!
Was that an attempt at a dad joke? Not your best. Fell flat. Try again.
Saw a demonstration lately for protection of fish. (FICH CAN FEEL PAIN). What next?  Trees get depression. Don’t walk on grass. Don’t invade water by swimming. 
But abortions are fine...!
Everything causes #cancer.  Including #organicfood #chemicalfood #cokezero #sugar #normalfood and everything else.  So..  This is kind of stupid...    I think the government needs a brain free zone also because you guys just aren't getting it either.
OK...& planned parenthood should be FORCED TO STATE “babies are MURDERED here.” Coffee is REALLY SAFE whereas Abortion ALWAYS KILLS A LIFE...! #WarningBabiesDieHere ~ There IS A CURE. #AdoptOutDoNotAbort @ACLJ @GOP @Scotus @SCOTUSblog @realDonaldTrump #CloserNation @thebestcloser
Couldn't happen to a better liberal mecca!! Starbucks - the liberal snowflakes safe place just got smacked in the face by a liberal judge!
I don't know about cancer but I do know that a study on over 200k participants have shown that regular consumption  of coffee has shown to delay symptoms of Parkinson's.
Should also warn them their 5 bucks wasted every day at some coffee dump could make a nice retirement thirty years down the road
@AnthemRespect 
They're insane
CA is toast.
Bam
God bless for telling it like it is, at least orange County seems to be showing some common sense.
Did you really tweet that outloud??? Bwahaha, thats why we love you!!!!!
But criminal aliens are delivered to Californians without warning
And from what study did they pull that bs
When will they be forced to release the Long establish cure?
Please Stop Denigrating My Beloved State! 40 Million Patriotic Americans Live Here - Good People who reflect  Kindness In Myriad Ways.....Too Bad That MEAN  STREAK You Nurture Prevents You from Seeing Our Joy!
Didn’t an one time they said coffee caused cancer. Then later said it didn’t An that women who drink coffee was less likely to get breast cancer
Please don’t you jump on the anti-California train also?! I live in Napa and I am sick of people complaining about my state. We do have our problems but California towns are fighting immigration and other problems.I am a big supporter of you and Sarah. Does that need to change?
Just maybe if the judge stuck to legal matters, like studying U.S. Constitution & leave medical conclusions to medical research scientists, we'd all be much better off.
California already has a cancer within it:  political correctness & illegal aliens.
Yes we already knew that , I have noticed a Huge Coffee epidemic lately.  Every morning people will risk it anyway.
Your mutant son should have to inform dog owners when he gets close to them, that he has maliciously killed a dog before. Kinda like when a sex offender moves into your neighborhood.
Well said Mike!
Next thing you know, they’ll have to post signs everywhere saying oxygen causes cancer.
I'd rather build a border wall from North to south along the California!!
I’d like to see them try this nonsense in my neck of the woods here in Seattle...there would be a mutiny of epic proportions! 
as a nanny state, it's surprising to me, CA allows its citizens to decide for itself to drink, a cancer causing drink... what are they thinking? don't they care for those stupid people who still drink #Coffee regardless of their evidence (or lack there of) :-p :-D
Lmao you are calling the people who use science to make a decision brainless.. I honestly couldn’t make this up if I tried, does your super brain self know what a carcinogen is??
I see another Supreme Court case coming. But, on the other hand, Starbucks CEO is liberal and may comply. Just saying...
May not need to go that high. Depends on what level court judge this idiot is. It was "only" the LA Superior court. There's state courts then Fed Appeals courts to get thru before Fed Supreme.
Yes, that is true.
He ruling was accurate. Did you notice the coffee contains the toxic chemical Acrylamide?
I wonder what The hepatitis outbreak causes . Probably more hepatitis would be my guess
Gov ,you are on target oops does that have something to do with guns oh well
Brutal

#SHOCKER: the Trump administration's expulsion of #Russian "diplomats" (spies) is a fake out, because Russia can just REPLACE all 60 of them with new spooks.…
California need another sign, ILLEGAL ALIENS CAN CAUSE DEATH!

Hahahaha
Give me a break CA. Even if it was true, hey, we have to die of something. I’d hate to die of nothing. 
Madness in California. Only place in the world where a waiter can go to prison for serving a straw when it was not asked for.
Can you back that claim up?
 WHO are these whackos and where have all the sane Californians gone!?
But let’s keep warning the criminal illegal aliens when there is going to be an ICE raid. Tourist beware of the coffee and criminals. Stay away.
#GodsNotDead
LMAO at this story
Well now we know what's wrong with Huckabee.
This place is nuts!
What is it about you people that love not knowing so much? If you don’t like the warning, ignore it. You act like information and knowledge are going to give you cancer.
Liberals don’t like to promote anything that gives ppl energy to work and seek upward mobility!
Bunch of wackos in CA.  Keep smoking your weed and hope that it doesn’t cause cancer.
Illegal Aliens cause cancer.
Pathetic
BRAVO!!

This argument not settled. http://1.Food  industry workers exposed to twice the average level of acrylamide do not exhibit higher cancer rates. 2. Centuries of use suggests no correlation. 3. Is NOT addictive.
This is not funny: it is a very deep and revealing statement.  @GovMikeHuckabee admits that President Reagan didn’t have a brain. He came to the White House from a “Brain Free Zone.”
Hahahaha
 Perfect!
# No coffee Huckbee! No screaming Whooooooohaaaa!! Just political chat#
Did you fail science, Huck? therefore anything you don't like can't possibly be true?
That coffee shop should have to warn customers that they are politically skewed to the left.
I'm more worried about the toxic effects of California judges.
Governor, you on a roll today! Go!
Build the wall cal and mexico!

Only Starbucks to be made to show this warning, the other coffee shops are perfectly safe.
Time for the CA West Coast to drop off into the ocean. Be our luck that the fish would throw the liberals back onshore !!
Now THAT is a good one, Governor!!! 
Idiots!!
Yea this is crazy one year causes cancer next year it helps Asthma next it help with something else all crap news said a year ago coffee has mold in some area's in South America So my question is which ones true I know pure coffee beans good for ya some people stop buying now
But at least weed doesn't have to have warning labels in CA
We gotta get CA some better people to elect. Maybe Hilliary. That would be a bit of an improvement “apparently”.
Its called the land of fruits and nuts for a reason!
Nice governor, needs to go  in the Constitution.
Don’t ya just love livin in LA?
I do love where I live but this liberal thinking is killing me
Damn you are so awesome!!! 
How about a warning about Liberals ...that they support the MURDER of almost 3,000 CHILDREN every day!!?  EVERYONE should be WARNED about THAT so as to stop the hypocrisy & save lives.
Starbucks, you endorsed these nuts.  Now the left California liberals want you to put cancer stickers on your coffee cups. This is what happens when you lose your balls. Welcome to the Republican Party. We are sane, the Democrats want to put you out of business! Still laughing!
Mile Huckabee's twitter is a make work program for conservative comedians on the same scale as the TVA
Are you a Christian? Well-get the truth out like Sean Hannity  did! Do you know what the will of God is to attain eternal life? If not, Read,”If You Died Tonight, WHY Would God Let You Into Heaven?”http://Amazon.com -Tom Lusk-The USA needs some Christian Champions out there!
For real    what kind of drug did they spray over CA?
People can not be that stupid! Or is coffee interfering with the brainwashing? Yeah! That’s the ticket 
Wow  what a lack of common sense!  I am really laughing at this judge.  He is a joke and such disgusting judge that he should step down.   California...the toilet state of America.  Disgraceful indeed!
Coffee causes conservatism
Start with a  1/2 cup of DNC.
Add a little Starbucks.
Stir in a little "Bitter Hillary" to put a wee bit o heat in the flavor.
Top off with some Ben & Jerry's.
Finally use Hogg as a swizzle stick and ur good to go.

A cup o' cancer, fresh and ready to swill.

#MAGA
I just read not more then a few weeks ago that coffee is good for you ? Now this ? Is this accurate or what ?
Another example of wasting time and money!  CA sucks BIGLY!
California: Ban brains, because brains can kill!
Warning! Life causes death.
The joke master
California and common sense in the same sentence! C'mon Govner!
The brain free zone would only apply to politicians

California should just list the things that DON’T cause cancer - it would be a shorter list. 
Hell I boycotted Starbucks many moons ago
#GodBlessTrump
#AwansAreTheKey
#BuildTheWall
#FakeNewsCNN
#Benghazi
#ObomaGate
#MAGA
#FireSheriffIsrael 
#ClearFlynnNow
People of California wanted this caliber of people running there State. And they got them. Voting in Democrats and wanting left wing Judges. California is now what they sculpted it to be. And they are paying the price now for all the Idiot Moronic people they thought was cool.
Governor looking for kick back.
How about a dog free zone?
So with that, maybe the cost passed on to consumer will up the cost of a Starbucks coffee to $10. #nocommonsense
Judges should rule citizens in #California be warned daily of the potential risk it is just living in CA, since cities are letting illegals back on the street, keeping them illegal and from being deported. #BuildTheWall
Thank God every day I don’t live in this horrifying communist country, oh I mean state 
California is cancer.
