I don’t know what is scarier.....the fact people like you are in power, or the people who vote for assclowns like you are dumb enough to keep doing so.
Jesus Christ, Mike. Fire your joke writer. 

Mike Huckabee: you could just hang a mistletoe over the baggage claim so you can kiss your luggage goodbye. Am I right, folks?

Yee-haw!
@LordeIZA dude Huckabee is high on meds rn
You’re a nut!
Sometimes I think your account was hacked by a comedian. Ever consider doing standup?
not funny enough
You make my day.
Windy day here in the Northeast, be safe!
You're a hoot. 

The exact feeling we get listening to your daughter @PressSec
Says the user with a Rep Gov for her profile pic.
I would bet my next paycheck you wouldn’t have the nerve to insult SHS to her face. 
I’m sure you value that Palin smile too much.
Meh...
on a different subject, will be coming to Tennessee for the annual Nazi party jamboree and carnival. 

SEIG HEIL !!!
Catfish Coolie on Trump Win https://youtu.be/oNGKOBAj8gM  via @YouTube
Huckeldingleberry must be on a TRUMP AIRLINE
And you just proved yourself to be the ultimate trash.
scratch and sniff
PRAYING. LOVE YOU AND SARAH.
Hope you landed safely
Let'er Buck sir
I bet you made that story up. You probably took a train. You people don’t remember what the truth is.
Sheereen pryor
Safe travels
but ur still okay? damn..........
Sounds like Democrats riding a horse named Truth.

you remind me so much of my dad...only saw him in a suit once at a funeral though.  miss him.  love you.
If you get over 8 seconds you should get a great score!
I'd ask for one of the plastic flight wings, they give kids, you have earned your wings with that flight, if you don't puke,
No one forced you to fly. You have choices.
I just love you...in an admirer kinda way of course. 
The wind is horrible!! Especially by JFK!! Feels like a Hurricane!!
Do you actually think you are funny??
Are you drunk?
Just did our ride into BWI. Swoooo
You fucking suck at comedy I hope someone gives you a good kick in the nuts
Lol
Lmaooo.. love you!!!


Maybe air traffic control loses you off their radar
Hahahahahahaha!
It's always fun when that happens!!!!
You can tweet from midair? I never knew that!
Now that's  what i call good BS... AYYY_EEEE Yippee, Yippee,yay!  Hold on to that Bull Horn Gov. Mike @GovMikeHuckabee  HA!
A Tweet like this solidifies the fact that it’s indeed you Gov. Huckabee who Tweets from this account. I love you man!
Yawn

I adore you! I can count on you for a good laugh every single day! #MAGA
The fuck?
Oh my, you’d be a hoot to ride with!
Mikey likes to be bounced around I the bedroom like a cowboy! LOL #SECRET #Wild
 Not a fun feeling.
It is now clear that your criminal daughter (no doubt under your guidance) participated in the conspiracy against the United States. We will probably eventually learn you were part of it also. But for now- congratulations! Your daughter is going to prison!
Hahahahhaha
FOSSIL FUEL IS UNLIMITED! Otherwise = Sad! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Did you pray.... to the devil?
Ironic moron tweets about his love of fossil fuels as he gets battered by turbulence caused by changing climate patterns.

#clown
 love you Governor!  The Lord keeps you in His cradle!!
You are so funny! I have been there before, not fun!
Plz don’t come to DC
Colonoscopy yesterday, puke today, farts tomorrow? Popular with 7 year old boys.
It’s worth signing up for Twitter just to read your awesome tweets! 
Hang on and be safe! 
Oh, funny Mike.
SOUNDS LIKE A"WILD"RIDE. - I REMEMBER THOSE BRANIFF AIRLINE RIDES IN THE SERVICE, 3 OR 4 BOUNCES ON TAKE OFF WITH A VERTICAL CLIMB UNTIL LEVELING OFF INTO A LIGHTENING STORM WHERE THE BOTTOM WOULD DROP OUT AND THE LANDINGS WERE EVEN MORE EXCITING WITH EVEN MORE BOUNCES-WHEEE
Good story for your opening this Saturday night!
Governor Huckabee glad you made it safely
May I offer you some club soda Gov Huckabee? So sorry that is happening to you today.
God send angels please for our dear Huckabee!
Hopefully no stray dogs were killed.
Governor, you have a grand sense of humour and it's always entertaining to read your tweets.  Happy landing.

In DC you can get treatment for whatever you need, free of charge, at Walter Reed. Be thankful that you aren't a Medicaid patient, Governor.
That's why God gave man Whiskey.
And why some Bullriders drink, after they survive the ride..but on bad  airplane rides;It's drinking to face your demise.

Did you have a stroke in the middle of this tweet?
Your son killed a dog
Yippee ki yay MF  
Ehhh what?
Did u make it?
Your airport/airplane stories are my favorite. Lol! More than politics. Is that wrong?? Lol
Stay safe Governor!
You're GOOD! 
!!! I love your sense of humor! Thank you for bright spots in my life @GovMikeHuckabee.
Haha..you got a laugh and snort out of me with that one!
LOL!
Divert
Serious question...what meds are you on?
As a governor, your weied
As a person “you’re” dumb

Roy Rogers !!!
I'm not smiling as usual - I'm laughing out loud! You are a hoot.

Omg really the corn thing was a big stink in Oklahoma and the fact the people didn't get last pay or compensation for last pay or even daycare or healthcare like they usually do plus Willie Nelson went belly up on the fossil fuel industry sorry Morgan Freeman had2get better!!%)

Lol!

Just don’t spur the guy next to you
Lol, however I bet the ride wasn't fun at all
That’s why I can’t fly Gov. I’d been on the floor with a heart attack. You would here me praying Lord let us land safely
Lmbo.
Lol Love your sense of humor.
Wow flew up to CT from FL early this am.  Very smooth!
