Seriously? I thought you were a #Christian.
It must be nice to have been given a choice to be heterosexual.  To have had 2 choices before you.  I sure do wish I had been given a choice to pick one I wanted, instead of trying my best to be the one that I knew I wasn't since I was 11 and spent most my life fighting to not be
#Bible declares it is a #choice to #Sin. #Consequences
Romans 1:27 "And the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were  consumed with passion for one another, men committing shameless acts  with men and receiving in themselves the due penalty for their error."
And yes I have sinned terribly.  I have spent most of my life lying to everyone and making up stories, excuses, hiding my emotions, being in false relationships with women when they knew I was not interested in them and could not be: 24/7 lies.  Lies hurt others-being gay doesn't
OK, then suffer the #consequences. You made your decision. live with them forever. Sad, but your choice Bubba.
Now that's a burn that I like.  Some pick and choose their Bible versus and love that Old Testament with slavery endorsements.  And this...hilarious https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFkeKKszXTw …
Congrats to the new ambassador.
But but but, you're a Christian conservative, you're supposed to hate gays! Right?

Just keep showing the world how love works. Good job Gov.
Congratulations Rick!!!!!
Finally a much needed ambassador to Germany!

Shame on @SenateDems that voted against this highly qualified Repub! First (& now highest ranking) gay Repub.  The “gay” part means NOTHING to me, but for #libs that label all, it shows #HypocrisyOfTheLeft
Govenor, you have an awesome daughter. Best communicator!
Chip off the old block!
Really? You support a gay man?
Congrats @RichardGrenell Its abt Dam Time Ambassador to Germany 
I been looking into this @RichardGrenell  guy .....Gonna make a great ambassador  .... congratulations
Yoppi
Sad
Yes! God bless 
We are so absolutely happy  and thrilled  for now Ambassador Grenell (Ric)!! God has answered the many prayers sent for him.   We know he will represent us well always.
Congratulations Ric! Finally they confirmed someone who’s worthy of the job!
We hope since you know him, he's a good guy. It feels like once they go in they get threatened and under a microscope.
Thank you to @RichardGrenell for his service! We have enjoyed working with Richard, but he has decided he will be pursuing other opportunities! It was great working with you these past few hours!
#pTrump_PlzLeave_IRanNuclDeal
Congratulations, Ambassador Grenell!
Many congrats to a fine man deserving of the honor. Congrats @richard
Amen Gov! You keep reporting we'll keep retweeting!
Hey Mike I think you like this.
He's a great guy!
Bout time!
HEY MIKEY,,DID YOU SEE HOW DONALD TRUMP MADE A FOOL OUT OF HIMSELF AND @foxandfriends ? @realDonaldTrump @VP
Can someone explain why this took so long?  I really am curious!
That's great!!!!
Mike how about you?? Did Donald offer any position for you ? That would be great !!
Mike is too busy witb new show and Website. Still working for us though!
Congratulations @RichardGrenell!
Can you check out Deutsche bank? They just sacked hundreds of US investment bankers.
Excellent choice 
Finally, congratulations @RichardGrenell 
#MAGA !
Thank you for your support Mike
So happy!! Great man.
It’s shameful that it took this long. Congratulations!
Congratulations happy for you
Seems like you are happy for your friend.  I can appreciate that. You also looooooooooooove to suck up to the President way tooooooooooooooooo often.  That you may regret.
Watch out Mike...

You're going to loose your homophobic card with this tweet!

Love ya!   In a Republican #MAGA way!

Deal with it Bitches!!!

We aren't what you think

We're not the haters!
GOD is replacing the bad guys with people of HIS Own Choice.....Great
Great!!!!!
Odd that Corey Booker voted against an openly gay man, yet grilled Mike Pompeo about his view on gay marriage. 
Big deal!
If you like him, I shudder to think about what happened to any dogs he ever had. Or any siblings. 
Ok preying troll!
Isn’t this just the best news? Love when a great idea comes to fruition especially when it can make such a positive impact in the world!
...until he’s fully vetted and then you’ll walk this back.
Finally! Congrats! 
Maybe he should consider working with nazi England killing babies. Isn’t this why we bombed Syria! Maybe they need a little thunder over there!
Thought you was Against homosexuals?
Im not he will be a disaster for women and gays he is outdated sad person who will need to bring back the draft.. You are a sad excuse of a christian.. Remember king james bible written in the 15hundreds not true bible
Given that there's a push in Germany to have his credentials refused, I wouldn't celebrate quite yet if I were you.
I thought you shunned all gay people.
Finally, Richard, Congratulations, do a great job for US!!
Finally!  Maga!
Wow it’s about time!!! Congratulations Mr. Ambassador
Who cares about Grenell at this point. Seems like @potus has been lying to us? It’s getting ridiculous!! We need to push back or we’ll all look like fools. No wall, omnibus budget, still have O Care, now no JFK files. He’s becoming part of the swamp!!! Tell me I’m wrong!!
you know he's a homosexual, and does the nasty, and you fought against gays for decades ??  and outside of Germany, he's not an ambassador representing the USA.
SO HES A CONSERVATIVE LIAR LIKE TRUMP THEN??
OUTSTANDING. @RichardGrenell will be fantastic. 
If you think Himmler was fantastic.
I am sorry but he is scary in this position.. He was great cia.. He coukd do all kinds of illegal ops... He is going to have to bring back the draft since he is homophobic women molester.. He loves patting wonens buts and putting them diwn
You’re not making sense.
Finally Republicans r still trying to kill their president, enough of d social media chatting nd getting likes, take d fights to ur elected constituencies nd demand a change or d Democrats will win bigly, while republicans stick to social media.
If he and Matt Lashey went to Kim Davis for a marriage license, whose side would you take?
Hey Mr. Huck. How you doin? Greetings from Canada.
I love good news.
He must do something to stop the Antisemitism there. Europe is getting out of hand. They can’t turn their backs ever again.
About time!
It's a crying shame it's taken so long for these people to get in place.
Fake Christian , your daughter also waits live squirrels, that is animal abuse
For you...
Trump is known as jarring bat-fowling manikin
