Disappointed in Sean...not good enough
Real funny Mike, distorting the facts again.  No one said what Hannity did was illegal.  Unethical, maybe, but not illegal.  It is very intriguing that Cohen has been described as barely a lawyer, has only has 3 clients, and his speciality is paying off porn stars.
I think Rudolph Giuliani is about to get rid of Mueller.
They want Sean Hannity gone as all the Obama admin crimes are brought to light since he's one of the only ones reporting.
What crimes?
Didn't think you could come up with anything
There are too many to list
Yet u can't named one
If you haven't figured it out yet then I don't think there's a chance me explaining it all to you is going to make a difference.
believe me, i am open minded to any and all arguments
Then you should look into Uranium 1
Because he SPECIFICALLY ORDERED Cohen to keep his name secret!  In the wake of all the OTHER reasons that Cohen's material was collected, Russian collusion is not necessarily the subject of this raid which was NOT BY MUELLER!  Did you miss that?
Cable news airheads R totally lacking N e/thing. They try 2 destroy anybody who like & support DT.  They’ve thrown e/thing N their arsenal at DT, but he’s still standing tall. God bless
If it is so important what lawyers @seanhannity has spoken with or used, then all the other network hosts should reveal the lawyers they've had conversations with or hired - especially if they supported a Presidential candidate (like Hillary or Obama?). #MAGA
They do. You might not know this because you watch Fox, but responsible journalists disclose personal ties in any story they are reporting in.
Ever? You haven't watched the evening news for the last thirty years. Or read an editorial - i'd suggest a third often have some sort of disclaimer when the subject of the report or opinion is connected to the speaker/writer. Extremely common.
Hannity!!!! He is our night;y Man..

......who Sean raped.
Your the best Huck!!!
Astute analysis!

remember that guy that you helped get out of prison early and then he killed 4 cops? I do!!
You're all thugs. Can't wait for the indictments.
Three words for you Rev.  Conflict of interests!
Conflict of interest? Please, elaborate further. Cohen is not a civil servant and neither is Hannity.
To someone powerful
Saw this tweet from @KatyTurNBC and it reminded me of you. 
Woman next to me at hotel pool, told there were no tater tots today, replied "that's ridiculous."
Lol I am sure someone will conclude he had Russian property! It seems proof of wrong doing is ok but hounding someone for 16 months with no proof is ok also!
Constitutional crisis
Article 32, section C 9.013 
Establishes that failure to disclose that a television pundit knew a lawyer who a prostitute said paid her money to be quiet about a guy who wasn't President
boi bye
@POTUS @seanhannity @PressSec #cellmates
The attack of the media monsters again.
did your son torture and murder a dog? is that what traumitized your daughter so much that she cant even look somebody straight in the eye?
I want to know what difference it makes if Sean was a client or not???
The next name is going to be you.
What questions does a choice of representation bring up other than luny CNN reporters who are bought and sold by big corporations to dump Trump so giant corporations can take jobs away and outsource for profit. Your crap CNN isn't fooling anyone.
We don’t know yet, just wait and you will change your tune and start defending him, because he is a liar. Remember Rich case.

Agreed
I guess this Russia collusion thing is going to drain the swamp. Bye bye Trump, Cohen and Hannity.
White evangelical Trump supporters aren’t Christians but “Bible believers,” mentally ill delusional cult members much like Islam they believe myth as fact.
  As long as evangelicals believe in the Bible instead of rational thought, science and truth they are doomed.

Evangelical leaders are meeting this week at Wheaton College to try and figure out post-Trump how to make evangelicalism respectable again. Good luck with that!

…
Gov. Mueller and his Gang of Thugs feel that any Republican is Fair Game while they are at it! They're getting the main one, The Pres. of the U.S., so they might as well bring down as many others as possible, esp. Prominent well known Reps., like Hannity! Makes Them Heros toDems!

Kevin Bacon, LOL!
You and Hannity are cut from the same lying cloth.
Ok Mike. No big deal at all if  roles were reversed and Anderson Cooper was sharing an attorney with Hillary. You aren’t a hypocrite at all. Nope.
...why is Hannity both claiming to never having been represented by Cohen AND freaking out over attorney-client privilege?
Yours is a "father-daughter kind of relationship."  Is it a Christian father-daughter kind of relationship? 

Or a Christian-Chosen-by-God Donald "If She Weren't My Daughter" Trump kind of father-daughter of relationship?

"My daughter's hot...yours is not."
- Given Cohen's career, Hannity likely has a serious affair he needs to keep under wraps-- explaining why he desperately wanted his association w/ Cohen to be private.
-Fox's reporting on this information was EXTREMELY nervous in tone-- heavily implying they know something's up.
You’re on the wrong side of history as many republicans are.
have another...you need it
That spokesperson is lovely!
Someone owes Flynn a total and complete apology, and $10 million dollars to get his life back! Who's going to step up? SOROS?
Clickbait
Fox News lapdog huckabee !!
Get Despicable Huckanut off the air!
Democrat Derangement Syndrome.  I'm sorry but I no longer consider Democrats as Americans.  This latest shot with a lawsuit I consider the first shot in a civil war....
Only because the whole Russia thing backfired.
What a piece of shit he is?
I hear ya my #Arkansas brother #Huckabee. Those smug people with their facts and reporting & stuff. It's a #WitchHunt. We should be talking bout #Hillary emails, #Uranium One, #Benghazi & how #DonaldTrump is a leader sent directly from God to bang hot chicks and insult #Libtards.

Lets see here.  3 clients, 2 have paid off women for silence over sexual misgivings.  A person can only assume, and rightly so, that the 3rd. Client might have the same issue.  Sean, who did you grope????
This question:

How did your son get away with animal cruelty?
Exactly! It is none of our business that @seanhannity is a client! So what? #fakeNewsCNN dying to find a hidden hooker story 
Spot on, Gov.
Why is a hypocritical Evangelist nudnik like you associating yourself with traitors like @seanhannity?  Oh yeah, the old saying, “birds of a feather”.  #GodHatesHuckabee
Mike you are truly an inspiration.  I look up to you because of your faith and leadership. J/k you have terrible leadship ability and god is dead.
None of anyone's business. Club's are going to far. Crossing constitutional lines.
The answer is simple:  Hannity forgot to mention "oh by the way, I have had business dealings / discussions with Cohen in the past".  It sheds a whole knew light on his slamming the warrants:  Was he worried about being exposed here?  See the problem?  #think #consider #wakeup
Oh! So now the left wants to tell you who what attorney you can hire?

BREAKING: Democratic Party, without any evidence, sues Russia, Trump campaign and Wikileaks, claiming conspiracy to help Trump win 2016 election.
#DeepStateCorruption 
…
