Sorry I missed it, due to family outing. Enjoy both of you.
Love Christians who become rich on the backs of the poor.

Do you support lgbt?

Do you support abortion?
Freedom doesn't scare me..I don't care if the homosexual couple living next to me guard their marijuana plants with their AK 47s...
Then why do you care about a prostitute and the President?
The President logged that $130K as a "forgotten " campaign expense. All the paperwork was done on Trump campaign emails and paperwork...that's a bit shady...will see if his "lawyer" flips on him.
130,000 is pocket change
What good are a million likes if over half of them are people that cant stand you?..Yea..Go on a brag.

False profits.
*prophets
Love your show Mike    I DVR both, the Saturday and Sunday showing just in case one has recording difficulty due to weather.  I haven't missed one.  Great great job and PS: I LOVE SARAH.   
WHAT A CUTE GAY COUPLE!  CONGRATS!
https://www.fuller.edu/posts/political-dealing-the-crisis-of-evangelicalism/ …        Political Dealing: The Crisis of Evangelicalism. This Christian speaker told the truth about evangelicalism. It's time for all evangelicals  to acknowledge the truth of what he said and change accordingly. I guarantee you, he spoke the truth.
2 charlatans together
Here's your faith leader praying @Franklin_Graham @GovMikeHuckabee
@Franklin_Graham While going through my Bible todayI came across this. This makes me want to leave a Bible open in my house all the time! Ruth Graham did. “Did you know that when you carry “the Bible” Satan has a headache; when you open it, he collapses; when he sees you reading
Continued: it, he loses his strength;AND when you stand on the word of God, Satan can’t hurt you!

Mrs Shania Twain using the Federal Government system to commit crimes against American People. humanity Prophetic Biblical Prophecy Prongronication Divine Mercy Intervention sexual conception deception  and exploitation of Human mind for personal gain?
Now there's the blind, leading the blind.
That's right let some attention Mrs Shania Twain music is being exploitation of Human mind for personal and Federal systems.
He's neither genuine nor Christian. Y'all go together perfectly.

I don't trust ANYONE who collects money for "Poor children over seas"  They are all scam artists who pay themselves millions of dollars to run a "charity".  How about our 100,000 homeless children here?
Once you contribute as I did, you will be inundated with solicitations for $$ daily.  Just try to get off their mailing list. I tried so Franklin sent me a book
So i just opened a package sent to my home from “Franklin Graham” with a book and a letter confirming I’ve been taken off their mailing list? I didn’t even know I was on, or asked to be removed from a list. How did he get my home address? I’m a bit disturbed.
My granddaughters participated in his Christmas shoebox program, not knowing he was head of Samaritan Purse.  When I tried to be removed he sent stupid book.  No idea how they got your address?
I mean I’m active at my Methodist church, but I’ve never signed up or donated anything to him. In fact, I’m ardently against his support of @realDonaldTrump as a good “Christian”. I certainly never requested to be removed from a list I didn’t even know i was on.
He is about the only fool following you!
Two #FakeChristians for the price of one!  Awesome!
Christianity is my LIFESTYLE
Definistion of lifestyle below.
Which is yours?
I don't tell you your choice is DEPLORABLE.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_subcultures …

Positively heartbreaking and cruel. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/04/20/us/immigrant-children-separation-ice.html …
Mike Huckabee a fake Christian just as you are.
The two dumbest con men in history.
Thank you Franklin, Great Show
Christianity is my LIFESTYLE.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_subcultures …

Liars liars with s lying daughter

Why y'all talk about something that will get issue of Prophetic Biblical Prophecy exploitation of humanity of Federal Government allowing  Mrd, Shania Twain using the Federal government system to crimes against humanity,
Frank Schaeffer
@Frank_Schaeffer
"...remember that American evangelicalism has always been a very white version  of Christianity. Evangelicals have always been fearful of African  Americans and the threat they are perceived to pose to a white Christian  America."
I loved it!
Liar!
Last pix taken of you and your daughter.
Will either of you hypocrites endorse what this Anglican Church supports?
May God Bless you both and keep you safe!
Congratulations!! Love you both.God bless.
The New American Unholy Alliance.
Watching in Alabama. Blessings.

Lord Huckabee with his pipe will lead them all into the swamp waters.   lol
We love you Pastor Franklin Graham!
Graham is a racist fool. Like graham like mikey.
Two men of the cloth
Have my DVR set in case I miss it.
He’s about as much a Christian as you. Maybe you two hypocrites can room together in hell. #JesusIsWatching
I live in Charlotte NC and love the Graham's and also Mr Huckabee.
Two hucksters Billy Graham would be ashamed of:
“It would disturb me if there was a wedding between the religious fundamentalists and the political right. The hard right has no interest in religion except to manipulate it.” - Billy Graham (Parade Magazine, 1981)
Consumed by the world. There is not one notation or evidence of St. Paul in these men. Let alone the Cross of Christ. The 3 Temptations of Our Lord in the wilderness reflects short cut Christians today. Self Gratification, Power, and Worldly Fame.
You got that right. He’s a white supremacist and the son of a documented anti-Semite. 

He’s exactly what decent people expect xtians to be.
Lead him into preaching on the stage! "He who carries the GOOD NEWS" is blessed of the LORD!"
PARAISE JESUS!!!!!! I fallow both yall good CHRISTAIN MEN!!!!!!! #MAGA!!!!!!!
Oh..... the company you keep.
You shame your god.
Your god?

No. He Serves God.

Jesus Christ is God, He's not our god, He is God.

Do you know Him to make such a statement?
The Pharisees #Trump
Are you two scam artists aware the Bible says that if you do not rest and keep the sabbath holy, you must be condemned to death?  Or do biblical proscriptions apply only to gay folk? #evangelicalHypoctites
I often wonder if a soulless person can get into heaven but now I ponder if it is possible for two soulless people can get into heaven. 
Go on tv together they must prepare to go to hell together.
#sad
Awesome!!
Why don’t you go serve breakfast at a homeless shelter.  Jesus would be happier.
Saw this tweet from @KatyTurNBC and it reminded me of you. 
Woman next to me at hotel pool, told there were no tater tots today, replied "that's ridiculous."
They are using Franklin, at a time when all morals have left the WH.
These two AMERICAN HEROS (they would deny it) are my favorites. God continues to bless them and use them ABUNDANTLY for the cause of the Gospel and America!
The liberal left, secular and religious, hate them which PROVES they are being a blessing to millions. God bless them with MORE AND MORE SUCCESS
This is what your family values christianity does, separatea children from their parents. You should be ashamed of yourselves. Your fake concern for those in need only serves to increase your wealth and influence by covering your sins in good deeds.
We have immigration laws.

Children are taking away from parents who deal drugs illegally too.

We have laws.
I'm surprised Franklin had time for you with his preoccupation of genitalia checks he likes to do in other people's restroom stalls.
@PressSec #JailTime
Both of you are AWESOME Bible Christians, on the firing lines for GOD'S Truth. How can man be God?  So many are trying to tell us right fr wrong, yet  they lack Bible Truth, politeness, respect for ALL and a visible concern for hurting humanity! Jesus Reigns & Thanks for Prayers.

And he died and went to he11.

His choice.
The Buddha lived 600 years before Christ was born so how could he haven chosen someone that hadn't existed yet? Thank you for your response. I wish you peace 
Nothing came before Jesus Christ.

Jesus Christ is God in the flesh.

Jesus Christ is The Alpha and Omega
Love your tweets...just like sweets...inspiring beats...and compassionate feats.
How old are you guys? If that a t- shirt for an elephant or your son ?
Your mama
Both of you can pool your money to pay for the next porn star.
Thanks Government Huckabee love  your new show & thankful for Samaritan PURSE
Thank you for your service.
.@GovMikeHuckabee Govenor that T would fit a guy twice your size.
Update: 1,000,001 followers, Governor!
2Corinthians 10:12, For we dare not make ourselves of the number, or compare ourselves with some that commend themselves: but they measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves among themselves, are not wise.
"@GovMikeHuckabee So thrilled to welcome @Franklin_Graham to my show on 2nite. A genuine Christian statesman…"

two dishonest bigots stroking each other's ego doesn't sound at all entertaining


There should be no doubt in anyone's mind that you are a fraud after seeing this photo. The real Christians will be in Texas attending a funeral today.
Real Christian?

What is a real Christian?

The Bush's aren't Christian...
They don't claim to be.

Your mama?

Thanks for the reminder not to watch.
[laughs hysterically] silly christianity.
Looks like a special episode on republicans who support infidelity with porn stars. Can’t wait!
Do you support lgbt?

Do you support abortion?
Yes and yes
Then why don't you support the porn industry?
Extremists
How were you able to print out a Word doc as a shirt?
Lol
like his dad he not only talks the talk but walks the walk. he really shows what a Christian is by what he does not just talks about it. can't wait to see him on your show.
You have no idea what a Christian is.
#FakeChristians
The sad thing is the church is not a white thing and America claims it as such. Respectfully, I believe what you see is the surface, prosperity, republican evangelical. There is a less popular group that only wants to serve God and people. We're not part of this circus ;)
God bless you team 
A grifter and a huckster. Ya couldn't get a pair like that if ya played poker all nite long.
Only conservatives think all people who follow them on twitter are their supporters. In fact most are obviously bots and anti-hucksters.
Based on typical responses to your tweets, and my own personal reasons for being here. I would say half of the people that follow you are here just to insult you and they type of person that you attempt to brainwash. Hucksterbee family is aids.
Hey Mr. Bigshot, my youngest son just drew me a picture congratulating me on 70 followers. I had to start a new account and I’m certain someone limits my Twitter activity. Who could that be?  Please RT and follow. Thanks
just because someone follows you, doesn't mean that they support you
Excellent point.
Too bad no one ever bought Jesus a Tshirt like that......guess he wasn't arrogant like you and didn't need to show people that he thought he was popular.....something to think about you arrogant man....
#SaveOurChildrenFromTheDemocrats
8888888888
Democrats’ IT staffer Awan: ‘I control White House on my fingertips’ http://ow.ly/pvGU30jBGgk 
I am comforted by the fact that a good many of the responses to your tweets call you on your bullsh*t.
Congrats! I'll never get to 1 Million followers! 
#ProveMeWrong

Your shirt is spelled wrong..it should read..."CHARLATANS". I suppose it's no coincidence your name is so close to "Huckster".
Do you know Jesus Christ?
Do you know Santa Claus?...or Spiderman?...or the Hulk?....or .......
Nope.
two faux Christians who take money from the poor.
GRAHAM is just a fraud and steals money from old people
Two charlatines
Amen! GUYS! I LOVE YA'ALL
Good for you!
Kinda this kind of Christian?  What would Jesus say?
"A genuine christian"
Do you know Jesus Christ?
Franklin keep up the good work.. You are loved...
Men like you give me hope that we are not hopeless in dark world.
Best show on tv period
