Don’t worry, come November Republicans want have to worry about that.
Have you seen the polls lately?  The libbies are in trouble.
Yes they are in trouble, but only on Fox! Lmao!!
May I remind you of the polls in 2016?

Good, because we don’t want you. I’m not even thrilled that you live in the same country as me.
no one asked fat ass
Mike you or Trey either one would be a really great pick please run
Millions of people begging you? Really? Millions? Begging? Ok, sure
Kidding around.   Lighten up!

I swear to God, I can't see anybody wanting to do that job. I would last 5 minutes in Washington, and then I would be in jail for beating the living shit out of about the first5 guys I met 
ha ha ha
Stop addressing us as America. The MAJORITY didn't vote for this dumpster fire of a Presidency. Next time say,  no MAGA cultists, despite overwhelming support of dozens of Bible thumpers begging me, I will not run for speaker. One compulsive Huckabee liar in Washington is enough.
MAGA! TRUMP 2020.


Ryan should have resigned his Speakership immediately. Getting a new Speaker into place & into action before the mid-terms would’ve helped the #GOP cause. Very disappointed Ryan couldn’t or didn’t want to grasp that fact. He was as impotent as Boehner.
Ryan is a selfish, corrupt, moron only out for himself.  American people be dammed!
YES, TO GO TO WEST AFRICA YOU NEED 15 SHOTS! I GUESS FOR WASHINGTON DC YOU NEED 30 SHOTS! THE WORST SHOT IS THE COMMUNIST VIRUS SHOT !!!
You ran for President!  And now you say you aren’t prepared???  I really hope this is a joke...that I’m not getting??
Sorry Gowdy’s all bark
yeah you and Hillary wish
You can’t just go there and continue the lies your daughter is now so good at.
I would like to throw my hat in the ring and run for speaker.  How do I get my name on the ballot.  @SpeakerRyan @TGowdySC Im serious, Id do a better job than either of you two Rino mutts
i like Gowdy wish he would reconsider, he looks for what is right under my impression of him i think he would do well.
You’re delusional
That is a fantastic response.
Love it!
"I haven't had all my shots".
Lol
not even a thought in my America.
Where do you get this stuff?
you want to keep fox money coming in.
We need you Trey!! Speaker of the house!
Pretty please
you do need shots to counter act the swamp!
No we don't want you as Speaker Fuckabee
And we'd like to rid ourselves of your daughter's propaganda briefings 
What exactly did she learn at that Baptist college of hers? I think you should demand a refund
Need more than shots.
overwhelming support, hhhahahahaha, lay off the booze pastor.
A true politician talked a great game and never got anything done
check out what he did as Governor
Don't blame you...you could get a bad case of Dumbacrates
I wonder if the dog your son killed had its shots?
It will suck having to wear a head to toe rubber suit everyday. Good call Gov.!
All the haters saying You insulted us!! So? Hillary and several others said things and MEANT them. The Gov was joking around lol
Thanks for the lesson on the constitution!  I did not know this!
Gowdy go home you swam creature never Trumper don’t need you
We just breathed a humongous, collective sigh of relief!
No one is begging you to do anything, you old turd.

NO ONE I REPEAT NO ONE wants your stupid self in any office. Shut up and GO AWAY.
Newt!!
Were your parents related by blood?
You would be wonderful, Gov.  But, I respect you and your right to say no!
Don’t blame u, your a good man Gowdy
Ah, with the shots it's funny because they all... have. Anyone ever tell you what an unfunny pile of crap you are?
Thank you Governor Mike...
Please.........
I dont blame you, youre to good for this dam place.
Gowdy for speaker !!!!
Ahhhh come on   Huck    Lets   Dilly  Dilly   Dilly
Or your lobotomy, paid for by Congressional Gold Plated Healthcare , not our pissant Obamacare . 
@GovMikeHuckabee - you are the greatest! And funny too! Love your daughter @SarahHuckabee too!
The DC Swamp is a terminal disease. There is no cure.

Very few people have immunity to the disease (the only one I can think of is @realDonaldTrump)
Thank youuNeither are you welcome in DC 
We believe in The Rule of Law and Justice here 
Also we fly the American flag here....you don't fit the bill....
Wow..Cooter Brown, you sound like.. you have had one shot (swig of moonshine) to many!!!
Really millions lol
Lol..no one’s asking Mike.  You should be embarrassed suggesting the FBI be raided. You’re no conservative with your Trump/Russia loving rhetoric. #deplorable #wheresthedog?
Russia loving? Can't fix Stupid.Amazing most Demorats do not have a clue...rebels without a cause!
You missed the rabies
Gonna miss this guy!
Wish him and his family all the best.   God Bless
Yes, give @TGowdySC  the position. He’d get things straightened out in more ways than one.
We do need your leadership and patriotism. 
They don't have vaccinations for what you can catch there
Dang it!!!
THANK G-D.
ok trump
No one is begging shit from except the dogs your son ate.
dream on .... you are the worst hypocrite in politics AND then you drag in uour unhappy lying daughter....
I wonder if that dog David tortured and killed at Scout Camp was up-to-date on its shots. 

Also, a decent person would not denigrate 700,000 people who live, work and pay federal taxes without congressional representation. 

Forget your shots; check yourself, Governor.
You’re so funny.
You are so funny! Lots of ppl respect you & the honorable way you live your life. Stay as you are, you are an example of what our country needs.
You won't win, so don't waste our time and energy. You're just another lying, corrupt GOPer.
Absolutely!!
No one wants you there and you’d lose, you and that fugly daughter of yours.

Bring Newt Gingrich back

You start to sound like Trump
you should help coax Trey in to doing it
Yes there are a lot of rabid politicians in Washington . On both sides
So did your daughter get her shots?
I agree with you. Jordan is the better choice.
Shows how stupid your supporters are. You can’t run for speaker when you’re not a member of the house. Thoughts and prayers to your devotees
He would be a great replacement for Jeff Sessions!
Adore you Gov H!!!!!
Iwill do iy for you governor!
 #STFU 
Millions, Mikey? Come on, now.
You would fit in fine....you are slimy enuff for DC

Can't say as I blame you,Goveror,but we sure do need you!  Thanks for all the good you do each day!
He would be great.. But I understand. The whole lot of Washington should be exterminated just like nasty bugs and varmites and viruses. Until we get good decent representation nothing will get better. And there is some vile ppl in DC..
paving the way for Newt?

A dog reference? Seriously?!?! You win the award for most unfunny twit on Twitter.
Hahaha, you need shots to go to a foreign country and are you putting DC on the same line as going to Zimbabwe Rhodesia?
There’s a lot of good guys out there that can do the job!
Gowdy could be speaker
if Marsha B can't = i like them both why because they are honest and fight for it
Good we hope you never come back to DC. Your next move will be to Trumps back pocket
Hey Fuckabee why does your son err daughter lie so much? It’s a serious question and while we are asking serious questions, is your son still killing dogs ? Thank you. Patiently awaiting your response. Btw I’m asking for a friend.

Why not preside over the impeachment?
No wonder he wants your corrupt carcass spewing any more lies. DC has enough with your lying daughter!
Gowdy is such a turd sandwich
I'd run for the hills too if I had to work with these politicians, Amazing howvthese Politicians have the nerve to question anyone's integrity?? #DrainTheSwamp
But Mr. Huckabee, you and Sarah as a team would really push the left over the edge!
We still love you Mike...LOL
you would be a good one!!
I though conservatives did not believe in vaccines
Have you noticed People who want Government control, have a lot of hate in their heart,  That's scary
I'm available.
Hahahaha
No shots could protect you from them cooties
People want Government to rule, I want a man who's life is ruled by God,. So I'm sure you can get shots needed if you are lead to D.C.

It would be terribly amusing though to watch the leftists/Democrats filing law suits claiming a corner seat on constitutionality etc.  I bet some might actually froth at the mouth. :) LMAO....
@GovMikeHuckabee u are the world gas lighter of hatred, racism, misogyny. U r spreading cancer in the USA.
I read a little of the response to your tweet, again, A man after God own heart is needed,.
You'd be great!!!!
You do have your standards.
Good point!!
I also will not be running! I hate getting shots
Nobody’s begging you to be Speaker Nobody was begging you to be POTUS either 
LoL, a Man after God's heart is needed, God bless you and family
Get your shots. People only work Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday in DC
You’re not qualified to be a speaker at a PTA meeting much less speaker of the house!
I wish Trey Gowdy was AG.  DOJ and FBI would get their stuff together.  Gowdy would clean out the swamp.  @potus Gowdy for AG.
Millions? Surely you jest. Hundreds possibly.
And I've decided, despite overwhelming support and millions of people begging me, I will also NOT be running for Speaker of the House. Idiot.
To bad Mr. Howdy. Your likely the only honest man in Washington.
Well that's a relief.
I'm green with envy, Gov. I would love to have your Positive Attitude/Good Humor - every day, or nearly every day!
This I don’t understand—
A setting member of congress versus a member within congress.

Good for you..as much as we would love to have you as next speaker
THANK GOD
Lol! 
There is no "shot" that protects against swamp creatures
the Gov!
Well how about Newt Gingrich? Huckabee might be a choice if you don’t need to be a member of Congress! Ryan leaving is good for conservatives! He’s been a road blockade on almost all of Trumps do lists on which he ran. Which means Ryan didn’t get what we the people wanted done!
Emerald Coast is just perfect this time of year. Who would trade the sand, sun, surf for DC?

How about an ambassadorship? @newtgingrich's wife is off course occupying your favorite one The Vatican... But Tuvalu is still available. It's perfect for you. And for us as well as they have no internet.

#MAGA #Trump #TrumpTrain #ThursdayThoughts
It would be awesome if you just disappear
Ok, yeah that was funny...
Millions of people begging you?  Lol must be the same people Trump had at his inauguration, right? 
Stick to the soy boy u got in Canada aye...
Maybe a doorman.
isn't that the gowdy guy who came upon the thick slug of the swamp, compelled to drain it by one side and by the other side compelled to take the dip. didn't he get confused realizing it was truly bipartisan in ea camp. He made weakest b/c the enormous effort to support...
Come on Mike. Please,Trump needs you...we need you. I’ll give you some swamp shots. 
You would be worthless anyway.
You would be a GREAT rep speaker of the house, Sir! Do it for a year until someone else can be raised up!
Why? He's a liar.
Happy Thursday
You have the greatest sense of humor Gov. Huckabee! Thanks for the biggest so far!
You wonder be perfect and honest!
Gowdy & Huckabee should both go live off the land far far away from any public communication.
But, you ran for President?
Arkansas awaits you !
Dims are convinced it's a lock for Nancy "Crumbs" Pelosi!
I have to take shots just to visit DC.
Oh that hilarious....What a maroon!
what about attorney General?  Mr GOWDY!
You couldn’t run anywhere you fat slob
Hey,  Mr Snake Man with your 3 followers, just go back to your snakes and leave politics alone
One of the serpents slithers in and hisses...
What happened to your “for our country, for the people” attitude? 
A lot of people commute to DC. If you can deal with traffic, try Howard County or Frederick.
@newtgingrich  for Speaker
Can we get newt to run??
What if Hod is calling you?
Millions of people?  LOLOLOLOL!  Keep convincing yourself that.
Go back to the all you can eat buffet you worthless fu€k. Get a plate for Sarah and your son who tortures dogs.
And quit following him
Why not?  You could help @PressSec hone up her lying skills.
Wish you were!! You're a great leader!
@cuckooforcocoa
You wouldn't really be a step up from Ryan. You're just as corrupt, but you have a veil of religiosity you wear that he doesn't.

Neither have the rest of them gov
I don’t care what you say Gov Mike Huckabee that’s funny.
Wouldn’t it be something to have a Speaker who is not beholding to donors, lobbyists, Establishment Rulers,  and beneficial special interests. Let’s get someone who will represent us regular folks
“...haven’t had all my shots.” 
Maybe T.G. or P.R. Speaker full time without the added duties of being a congressman 
@POTUS  
#MAGA #Qanon #WWG1WGA
Lets go Gov. ur up. Step up!!!
You are so disgusting. Do you know that 700,000 real people live in DC and this is incredibly insulting. Just what diseases are you implying that we have?
Real people? Give me an example of not real people
Lol
Attorney General then?
Lol.
Love your humor Huckabee :-)
Bwhahahahaha. This is why we love ya Gov.!
Would love to see you as speaker
I'll do it.  They think they have it hard with @realDonaldTrump, they ain't seen nothing yet!
What about @newtgingrich ?
We can see where @PressSec gets her wit!
nobody wants you to be Speaker TBH
Sad to hear this but totally understand.
But, Mr Gowdy, you DO have to be a member of the DC politically elite. Because we’ve all seen how that’s going for the POTUS.
Yeah, SWAMP RATS carry diseases Gov. So you be careful when you're there!!!!
Haven't had all my shots? LOL, good one, Mike. One things' for sure, I think we need younger leaders in the House and Senate, on both sides of the aisle.
One would need a frontal lobotomy to live in that shithole....

Good! DC. doesn't need another spineless snake in the swamp!
 but you’d be fabulous Gov
Cute!
No one wants you
Hahahaha! Too funny!
There's no vaccine for that disease...
Governor Huckabee, You would be a great Speaker-hope you will reconsider!
How about Attorney General???
Then convince @newtgingrich to do it
