LOL! Trump loves holding hands with Macron...
This Macron-Trump hand-holding is SO SO weird #MacronTrump 
LMAO this is the funniest thing I’ve seen in years!!! Can’t stop giggling! 
Here's the video. So funny.
America and France a modern day bromance that’s driving the left and #FakeNewsMedia crazy. Suck it up buttercups we told you Trump was good for America. #MAGA 
When Trump likes you, he really shows.  This is so funny and they both can’t hide how they like each  other. Lol  
Diplomacy 
Hey Mike. This is you in a nutshell.
Yes Indeed. He is charlatan and knows it.
Yup, millions of us are!
This country was not founded on biblical truths. That is a false narrative and you are indeed charlatan. The sad part is your admission. You are a weak link. Karma will always find you.
You could take a simple trip to DC or any of the first 5 presidents homes then rethink your words! Been there done that! Also read the writings of them, just now working through several.
What's your point Jan? And btw, do you support Trump? and or do you stand behind Huckabee's vile partisan non- Christian messaging?
Robert, I decided not to waste my time. You can take a mule to water .
Oh, that's right when Obama refused to attend the honoring of the French dead after a terrorist attack. Ever notice that Obama never acknowledges any terrorist actions by Muslims unless forced to? Fort Hood,  Boston Bombings, Orlando?
Ooops you’ve missed the news. Listen carefully next time.
Man, you have gone over the edge.
@GovMikeHuckabee @realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron

I absolutely love your tweets HuckabeeKeep Them Coming! Love from Colorado
I think Trump likes him so much because unlike Melania, he holds Trumps hand!!  Macron is playing Trumps cause it’s easy to figure out how!  Putin figured it out too!
I think Melania is probably the only person who can figure-out what Donald thinks. Her suit an white hat was gorgeous and her dress was out of this world! Mr. President can be very proud of his equal an mate! I’m so proud of our President and First Lady! God Bless the Family!!!
There is absolutely nothing Christianly about Trump!
I think it's more than that.  Melania probably cut him of after his STORMY other relationships!
I don’t believe Stormy ever went out with Donald! I wish it had been me-first cause I sure could have used 130,000! And to “milk-it” for millions more would be a good payday!  It’s a shame women can get away with accusations like this.
No she just screwed him one night.  He did have a 8 month affair with the playboy bunny. 
She never asked for the $, Cohen contacyed her days b4 the election to sign a NDA with the offer of 130k. She signed it then it was discovered they denied it. That's why she's speaking up.
I don’t understand why everyone doesn’t love our President! I’ll admit he says things no other President has said in public, but you gotta love him for some of it. Look at dear Barbra Bush that we just lost, was so outspoken and said what she thought as does our President!!
Are there classes on how to not be funny? I think you passed with flying colors.
Oh, did the governor forget to use swear words so you’d understand it?  ...smh
That was so embarrassing!!  God Bless our President 
OK that's hilarious
Another awkward moment, lol.
Lol
When James Taylor is your foreign policy solution to get out of the dog house with France... then you really need a foreign policy. Obama should have missed a late night TV appearance & stood with Europe against Terrorism. That’s when you know you have a friend & an Allie.
Who's Allie?
Ally
Hi Mike.
How many kisses? What's that about?


What a stupid tweet.
No doubt.
Hahaha! Yep. That must be the reason.
Bussiness is Bussiness aside from friendship.

James, you're the best.  -John
To bad Macron was given multiple standing ovations while disemboling everything Trump in front of Congress
 I love your sense of humor!
No Boudin 
 EPIC!!!
I remember how embarrassing it was.
Ha ha ha ha
You crack me up!  you!!! Keep em coming!
There gay ???
I know it’s going to be a good day when Gov Huckabee tweets. Thank you for your wit and sense of humor 
yes  "Kerry & the 4 Socialists" was a great group..
It reminds me of when #President Thomas Jefferson, sent the newly created #USMC, to Tripoli, to kill a MUSLIM TYRANT, and their terrorist allies.
  "To the shores of Tripoli." This ENEMY has not changed.
@POTUS @VP @PressSec
Gov, I absolutely love your sense of humor. 
Over time I've come to believe and realize that all of this wining & dining is just to put on a show for the American people. I think there's a lot of kissing up that goes on.
You should get a writer or two for your jokes.  Or are you fond of DIY projects?
Sadly, though, Ryan et al and Macron appear to have SABOTAGED Trump this morning in his address to our Congressional elites who are fighting hard for globalism and against the Trump agenda.
Hahaha .
Sarah & Bryan Sanders
White House State Dinner
No Doubt at all!!
Lmao
NICE GLOBALIST ~ NEW WORLD ORDER SPEECH, MACRON
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @PressSec @Scavino45 @jerome_corsi @FoxNews
BARFING
Two naturally affectionate people. Love it.
You are so funny!
Wiping dandruff off of his shoulder and then saying it was http://dandruff.Im  sure he thinks the world of the Donald!You are an ass
Oh my!



You always make my day ...lol
#BroMance #LovingIt 

Lol
Well it’s sure not because of your lying daughter. #LyingHuckabees
Lol
Trump and Macron have a lot in common---no obligatory ties to the elite career politicians.
@GovMikeHuckabee 

That's good Mr. Governor!
John Fraud Kerry and Joe Biden were involved in Framing Trump crimes
Ha

Contrast is stunning

Water a watershed moment for US-French relations.  Ain't it good to know, ain't it good to know...
Mike - were you always this witty?  Why didn’t we the people know this about you?  Love your tweets!
You are so funny.




Haha!  Even the French thought that was corny.
I think the the French President remains the President of his sons.
But the Eagles of Death Metal went back and played for the people

LOL !!
THE FRENCH PRESIDENT WAS GREAT, HE SMOKED TRUMP LIKE THE CHEAP CIGAR HE IS
Your humor is dryer than desert manure!
X
booo
Lol. That one defied all reason.
My his-Band Larry has past on but when he was a live he like Murl Haggar and Willy Nelson And not that dang HIPPY MUSIC!!!!!!!!! #MAGA
lol
Yes, of course that’s it.
LOL




That for sure sealed the deal!!!!!!
Yet you’ve somehow managed to be sadder and more pathetic than those guys, which really says something

Hahaha! That must be it!
LOL
Hahahahaha!

True Friendship is when you let your friend pick dandruff off your coat in front of God and everyone..
Lol
France never brought serge Gainsborough over here. Needs to said.
Seriously, you never fail to find humor  and make me laugh!
That was BAD and a tad bit embarrassing! This is America, next time we disrespect a Country, I say we VOTE on the entertainment.  Personally I think we should send in Motley Crew or Metallica, let are allies and enemies know, we ain't playing!
#macron is pure evil. #pedogate #satanist
Ha ha that’s got to be the reason.... what else could it possibly be!!!

Semper Fi
You forget   Trusocks was just  over there. He is thankful he is with another guy.
Brilliant!
Ha ha ha ha. Funny ,Sir
That Obama he does everything right! Lol
I was thinking about that piece of embarrassment earlier! 
the french president looks  SUPER GAY
LoL
LOL!!

That was a sissy moment in American diplomacy
What?  Holy shit...do people actually follow what u say???





You're a ding dong, Mike.  And a trump supporting loser.
that opened the door
Look Huck, it’s only $2.20!  Please do everyone a favor.
Now THAT'S funny! Hahahahahahaha!
James Taylor? The GOP has a great future, better hope they keep playing the race card
 With your great sense of humor & all of the hilarious things you've said, this may be up there with the best.....I'm still laughing


Hahaha
Now THAT's funny!!
Don’t ever change ~ you’re f-zing hilarious!!!! 
You’re  hysterical...

I like Mike  sense of humor 


Amen@ http://Hov.Huck.my  favorite musician !*
I see what you did there - tongue in cheek
Fer sher
Maybe it's because he realizes it could have been Hillary.
Lurch was a dolt
James back has never been the same
Ahhh.  PAHLEEZE
LOL
So unfunny
BAMM!  I Feel the Earth Move  - Go Tell It on the Mountain - How Sweet Baby James set the tone when he informed the French - You've Got A Friend witht the next @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Stick to your blow jobs.
Hahahahaha!!!
Did you see them do some penis docking today.... it was so cute... I'm sure you have done it with your cousin
James Taylor. This is horse face John Kerry's biggest success.
John Kerry walks into a bar. Bartender asks...
Why the long face ?
And France @EmmanuelMacron didn't realize Kerry & Taylor were both liberals. Thank goodness 
Is it just me or does Macron have a crush on POTUS?
 Your humor cracks me up!!
And they keep on coming!
I thought it was JFK & Jackie being able to address the French in French. Oh well I guess I don't understand the Parisians

Nah...
Oh Gov. Huckabee, I know you're right !  LOL
Good one Gov. Huckabee!
 you're a funny guy,
 Huckabee 
Macron is only so nice because he gets to kiss on @FLOTUS 

It would work on me too. 

Just saying.
Allez....
Lol
Macron is playing Trump for the fool he is, you're too much of a fool to see it....... and that's no fooling

There, I throw in a Huckabee quality joke to make him feel more comfortable.
Except yours is stupid and false. Other than that it's great. Keep trying.
Except that's exactly what Macron is doing. I'll just go ahead and add you to the list.

Love it!  

You truly are a mMoron@ENOUGH
Huh?
Lots of energy goes into their excellent WORKING relationship.
Now that's funny.
Rude sense of humour, Gov. Check yourself.
That's really good! Very funny Gov Huckabee!
James Taylor eh ? I guess that did it.
Has to be....

I've declared! #Declarationdays @Towcaps http://declarationdays.com/s/8n0Vy6rxd357woP4 …
So excited to go to OCU with all my great new friends like Kloe!!! Like this pic to help me win a scholarship!!! 

But weren’t you bashing France a few years ago?  Remember freedom fries? Come on Mike.
Macron has a thing for older gals and guys 
You are so funny sometimes
Lol
Hahhhh Gov
Mikey Mikey Mikey...
Share my tweet if you think this guy is an idiot for posting a lie meme!
Who

Lol 
Lol
