Cruz was amazing, finally some Real questions!!
Cruz exposed the real swamp - except for Cruz, all of them are letting this slimeball off the hook.
What’re you people talking about? What Ted Cruz is suggesting, asking potential employees their political leanings, is illegal. Did your employer ask you that? No, because it’s illegal.
Sorry, you're misinformed about the law. https://www.shrm.org/.../interviewing-can-an-employer-ask-a-job-applicant-about-pol...Mar22,2018 …  ... "currently there are no federal laws that prohibit private employers from asking political affiliation questions"
Yes, I can read  It is not asked because it can trigger a discrimination law suit. Now please tell me the employer that asked you to what political party you identify or contribute money.
Cruz never expected an answer to that question!  He never expected an answer to his questions about why specific people had been blocked on FB.  He was just bringing the left leaning bias at FB out in the light.  He was very clever.
He looked dumb, the only one to stray off topic to appeal to his base of perpetual victims. Maybe conservatives are suspended more, and it’s because they spread more fake news and hate speech 
Ted! Ted! Ted! Ted! Ted!
Yes, THANK YOU @tedcruz and @LindseyGrahamSC both for your hard questioning 
The conservative SC constituents want to know
If there are conservatives in SC, why do they keep voting @LindseyGrahamSC back into power? Please vote that big government establishment swamp creature out of power please
Well, I've followed @LindseyGrahamSC since we moved here. In the past I was on board w/him more than others HOWEVER he no longer represents my consv. beliefs & opposes @realDonaldTrump which angers me greatly! My vote will NOT be for him if he runs again
I did appr his FB ?s tho.
We need a conservative run fb
Please make one I need the comic relief... I forgot you guys aren't smart enough to come up with anything so innovative
Smart enough to pay your wages though.
@tedcruz fantastic job I wish you’d had more time though 
Ditto.
I think Sen. Cruz should be nominated for Supreme Court, he has the strong personality to up hold the law .
Maybe Goudy for AG!  sure would like for him to stay in DC, but understand why he wants to return to SC
Thanks to @SenTedCruz for standing up for @DiamondandSilk!!! And for mentioning censorship!
Wrong. But - regardless - they should be banned from Facebook because of that? Because you don’t like or agree with them?
Which, in all honestly is just another one of the thousands of reasons 95% of Congress needs to take a hike. Out of touch with everything.
Except Ted!  He has young kids, he's in touch.
I'll let a couple stay. But most of them probably need to be fired, or put in jail.
It was so enjoyable watching Senator Cruz grill Zuck. Especially about the Fb banning of Diamond & Silk. Drop that Mic moment.
Yes. Diamond and Silk pose a risk to Facebook safety standards.  Lmao!
Yes! Zuckerburg did not answer @tedcruz ‘s question.
That seemed to be a common occurrence today. Next time they should follow up on the, “I’m not sure” answers (or change of subject)...UNDER OATH!
Ted Cruz was a Cambridge Analytica client too.
Which means he used data from Facebook like Obama did during his election. Do you have a point?
Is the company Obama employed to use Facebook data also accused of the same type of deception as Cambridge Analytica? Did the Facebook information Obama obtained end up in the hands of a Russian "professor"?
No, the data was just given to Obama because Zuckerberg is a leftist open borders nitwit just like him. Does that answer your question. I'm pissed that Obama had my information! My wife was so mad at AOL for sending her Obama crap
 she threatened to sue them if they didn't stop!
Nice word salad. You're not very good at staying on topic.
Does Zuckie remind anyone else of Eddie Haskell?

So I am not the only one seeing the resemblance!  
One played a  bum ,  another is a real  bum .  
Absolutely!  You nailed it!
Cruz is a good man
He’s def a serial killer but ok
Wow! That is a complete misrepresentation of what happened. I dislike FB as much as anybody, but making up crap doesn't help your cause.
Now you know where his daughter learned lying is ok if you pretend to be Christian

A High Chair Would Have Been More Appropriate!
Lol

 Take your meds. Trump is a Republican.
Governor....Congress MUST ask Zuck abt sharing our medical data. That can not happen.
Wand it has been rumored that is/will occur.

#HIPAA VIOLATION

#Patients right to privacy
I don't get what you're saying. They can only share what you post. Why would you post your med data?
There has been talks they can get into your med records. They can use data from your friends without their knowledge if u post something without privacy settings. They can get what they want. These r brilliant ppl. That doesnt mean they have integrity. I want to know the answer.
Today was an interview for Zuckerberg. They were all seeing how well he’ll fit in. One big show. What a joke.
Soooo, he basically spied on the American people if you ask me
@tedcruz to the entire Senate
Zucherberg looked like an out of touch CEO today who doesn't know what the people who work for him are doing and doesn't care about Facebook users.
That’s what he, and his baby-face posture want you to think!
The Senator gets a gold star for this!
Thank you @SenTedCruz I knew conservatives could rely 
on you to defend the #1A  @Twitter listen up!
Just now. 
Sen Ted Cruz asks, "Does #Facebook consider itself neutral public forum?" "Suppress conservative views & news; Shutdown Chick Filet, @DiamondandSilk…
Thank you Ted Cruz...you  nailed it....beautiful to watch
WTG Ted!
@realDonaldTrump must fire Rosenstein, Muller and possibly Sessions who has done nothing to bring Hillary and Obama to justice on the Uranium 1 for Russia deal and a litany of other crimes!

Cambridge Analytica was Ted Cruz’s project
I had to scroll way too far to find a comment that mentioned this.  @tedcruz is a fucking hypocrite.
Zuckerburg is in charge of this congregational meeting. What a farce.
If it wasn't for Ted Cruz there hasn't been any hard questioning over selling personal info. Zuck has  run circles around the bush over these weak senators
What is this inter-web sir ,,, I must admit I do not know much about it either !!
@seanhannity @JudgeJeanine @LouDobbs @dbongino @Josbowm THIS IS THE BEGINNING OF THE END OF FACEBOOK.... A SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM RULING THE WORLD BY BIASES AND PREJUDICES AGAINST CONSERVATIVES WILL NOT STAND LONG
Thank you Sen. Cruz for exposing the Conservative censorship bias of Facebook.
Amen to that Gov.!
all the facebook data was harvested while cambridge analytica was working for the @tedcruz campaign, ppl forget lol
FB is a propaganda machine that attempts to influence individual thinking to think in compliance with their social & political doctrine. Scary......
OMG!!! That's a complete lie?!?!?!  Why would you say that about that interview?  You just grab whatever you can to feed your agenda
Sort of like Fox News you mean?
Watch Zuck squirm in BS...
In case you missed my Q&A with Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, at today's joint Senate Judiciary and Commerce Committee hearing, watch it here. --> https://youtu.be/-VJeD3zbZZI 
When governments try to remove our rights to free speech, guess who exposes their tyranny? @JulianAssange
Now that he is gagged, the least we can do for him is sign the petition...

Finally someone asking questions and grilling Zuckerberg for the hypocrite & Liar that he is.
Too bad the ‘you go girls’ @DiamondandSilk  couldn’t have taken Mark Z outback to the woodshed
Thank you Ted Cruz!!!
My ProTrump fan page was deleted from Facebook, the “Trump Fan Network” for no reason, no warning. It just disappeared like it never existed.  600,000 followers vanished because someone in Silicone valley didn’t like the election result.
Now let's do @jack and @twitter
If they don’t know much about it why are questioning zzzzukeberg. That doesn’t make sense. Sounds like the trade deals our great President has to fix. And everything our lousy elected officials do.

Well Governor just goes to show you if these sneaky buggers get their way the US will end up with the same amount of Free speech we Brits get now..... That would be Zero!
Zuck isn't going to change anything.Traders shld consider selling their stock in his company and removing their Facebook page.
Senator Cruz was terrific ... but in the end, nothing will come of these “hearings”
I hope @ ted Cruz makes it to sit on the supreme court one day!  He respects what our constitution stands for
Yes and they shut down Diamond & Silks page. Contents were not suitable. Conservative black ladies that like President Trump
Cruz kicked his zuckerass.
Ted Cruz didn't go far enough
I’ve noticed you got quite the sense of humor, Huckabee. 
He was the only one too. Someone else needs to pick it up where he left off.
You’re funny. And yes Cruz did good. Many others gave Zuch a pass
Just recently, I tried to post comments from our President on my FB page, kept disappearing before my eyes. Asked a friend to try it, same thing happened to her. Between the two of us we posted it 20 times & it was continually deleted. Posted something else & it was not deleted.
Thank you @SenTedCruz for your sharp line of questioning. Zuckerberg needed to hear and digest your questions.
And yet their stock keeps rising. FB is for sheep.
I thought @tedcruz had the absolute best questioning yet!!!
you really are a total tool
Racists and shitheads are welcome on Gab. Quit trying to impose your large government fantasies on the free market. Buy Twitter if you want to run it the way you want.
It is best just to block scum.
Yea why can't we watch porn on Facebook im sure that what ted Cruz really wanted to know
Cruz is a turd and will be beat by @BetoORourke in the Fall. GO BETO GO!!!
There literally was no "bam"
Bravo ted Cruz
Senator Cruz did a great job drilling Zuckerberg. Love the way he mentioned @DiamondandSilk in his questioning.
Bam, you're dumb.
Boom chaca laca !
Thanks fellow patriot~joann
Not a bam. Not even interesting. Your desperate efforts to be relevant sadden me. I want to eat.

Hey @tedcruz you were the major #CambridgeAnalytica client during 2015 invasively harvesting American's data and blending it with tainted data. #AskZuck #Zuckerberg #ZuckHearings
Zuckerburg got rich on the people. He knew exactly what he was doing!
It is too bad that only those of us that follow Conservative news will hear about it.  I am sure this moment will not spread over social medial. 
Wonder when the inquiry will cover Facebooks involvement with the Obama campaign?
I got to watch Ted Cruz great job huba huba the kid didn’t know what to say
The last eight year weren't"wasted"Zuck did much work for the Obama administration.DIVEST from holding the stock-buy something else.
He also knows how to close in on the answer he wants through cross-exam, unlike the amateur interrogators in the Senate.
Do you remember when we had a campaign on FB not to throw Duck Dynasty off the air Also Praying for Rev. Graham and you led the group of us Then you @GovMikeHuckabee , you were suspended from FB They hate Christian conservatives
@GovMikeHuckabee Every time you tweet, it brings a smile, knowing my Ultra Liberal Dad had to live under your Governorship. He golfs in the upper echelon of AK Politics, of course on the #Clinton side, most of his friends have went to jail for corruption, under told story of AK
I was honestly surprised to see Suckerberg acknowledge how left leaning Silicon Valley is.
Zuk got his liberal lying self handed to him on a plate by @tedcruz !!
Cruz comes through again!
Agree  percent!!! He made him squirm. I heard earlier this morning they should’ve had just a few Senators asking questions...this is why. I think just @tedcruz should have been asking the questions!
Yeah ted was my second choice for president I can see he is an honest guy!

Thank you Ted!!!!! You rock! This guy is such a douche
As is so often the case, @afbranco says it best with a cartoon:
Lol that didn’t happen.
Why are we just feed content we agree with? This is why we are so divided in this country. We should get content from every aspect of our society. I have to go to each news story just to see what people’s reactions are for the day. Twitter dosen’t do that but Facebook dose.
Your large adult son murdered a dog
Yeah. That Chick Filet Appreciation was real important...... fucking joke.
Conservatives can get FB's attention by moving to do a massive short on FB stock.  Play the game like thug Soro's against the liberal peanut.
Lack of internet knowledge: Another reason we need term limits.
Suck deflected and never answered Cruz’s question - hell hes deflecting every question ... every answer is “I’ll have my team get back to you”.... kinda sounds like Hillary’s “What difference does it make”!
LOL. If you remember, Cambridge Analytica, the company that trolled FB to target messaging to conservatives, were originally hired by Ted Cruz.
Probably the only thing worse than a despicable politician like Cruz is a despicable politician who claims to be a Christian minister like Huckabee. And as usual The Huckster's tweet is a blatant misrepresentation of what happened.
Sen Cruz is a brilliant man.
Yeah, they probably still believe Al Gore invented the "internets"...
#ZUCKERBURG is book/computer smart, He has no grip on real life experiences, no real life common sense, In that respect he is a boy! Little boy needs to check himself!
Too many committee members resemble Tim Conway’s old man routine. Cruz is one of the few who appears to have any clue or courage to ask hard questions.
WAIT.......WHAT???? THE INTERWEB????? ......go back to your nap old man.....WHAT. A. MESS.
Mark Z’s invention is unnecessary&harming the interpersonal interaction with ppl who should be most important to us- those who are close by,that are now being Neglected,as we spend hours curiously perusing the lives of ppl far away,we barely know, &never interact with in person.
ZUCKERBERG is a liar. He said Silicon is a left wing place, then he said he doesnt know the political biew of his employee. Does he hires people that believes in God, r against abortion or profeces to be Republican?. ZUCK is dangerous and he is selectively hiring only leftists.
Yaa baaam!! 
Hes accused of using data to support Trump in the election. 
BOOM! He totally made clear that there are a lot hate speech republican site that got banned. So there is no reason for this accuse.

Bam! Totally exposed him ^^ 
#StupidityFTW
Hurrah for Senator Cruz!
this crap of impeach trump has got to stop. W voted him in and if they impeach him they will be sorry
Wish he'd brought up why Zuck gave all info to dems in 2012 & 2016. That's 2 billion users not 80 million by Cam Analytics. That's the question not answered that needed to be answered.
Cruz was superb!
That was apparent when Sen. Grassley began questioning. HOLY COW!
It isnt Facebook that slants the material It is the people who buy ads who slant the material like Russia did & is still trying to do
Please catch up, Gov. Everyone knows it's the "Interwebs" - plural!
Left leaning silicons! Or silly cons
Clearly, @GovMikeHuckabee you don’t spend much time on Facebook.
I didn't realize until today just how many really stupid Senators we have.  Ted was the only one who asked intelligent, pertinent questions.  i was even disappointed in Lee who like the others, beat around the bush.  But Hawaii?  2 of the dumbest people ever on a committee.
You lie like your daughter. Poorly. Mark did a great job with a room full of facebook users that didn't bother to read before excepting Terms and condions. Asking same question over and over and same answer from Mr. Zuckenberg. Great job of standing up for his Facebook !
Yes!
Slant???? Have you met your daughter in the briefing room?
ILL BET YOU'RE PLEASED AS PUNCH & PROUD AS A PEACOCK WATCHIN YOU'RE DARLIN DAUGHTER...WATCHIN HER DAILY-KICKIN liberal ASS & TAKIN NAMES :-) 

LOVIN THAT MOXXY :-)
My favorite part. I yelled alleluia out loud even though this is all a joke and no one will ever pay the price for their sins here.
Mike, please NEVER use word hypocrisy! Look in mirror... Jesus weeps!
Now the question comes up is do the apps on facebook own your data when you give them permission to it and if not how does Facebook get them to delete it when they harvest it $FB
Wam bam! Huck & Cruz...that’s like a slimy snot...
Ted Cruz has the ‘nads to be an effective AG
Zuckerberg is a bad actor. Everything about his testimony and remorse was obviously phony.
Zuckerberg is dishonest and mans enemy to truth honor dignity etc. Sites as prejudiced as his must have Government regulations. Lose ppl's personal info you must be held accountable. No more chit chat I/We The People want ACTION!!! 
But... With all the Senate’s hoopla about Facebook’s terms and conditions and that nobody reads it, Zuckerberg missed many opportunities to hit back with a rebuttal about same is true about the omnibus budget bill that Congress certainly didn’t read!
It’s proven that Facebook @Mark Zuckerberg and his employees favor one set of political views, if it’s different, they banned them from Facebook such as @DiamondandSilk @tedcruz asked Facebook 
So what we knew it already. Nothing changes.
Well thanks Governor. Big weak spot. Need younger Senators who are tech savy. It looked like Zuckerman thought he was out of the woods until he ran into Cruz. Amazing. The level of stupidity. Didn't anyone prepare to question Mark? The way they stumbled around, my kid knows more.
Bam.  Trump along with the Russians uses stolen data to manipulate voters.  Put the tin foil hat down Huck and quit rationalizing Cadet Bone Spur Boy
Agree 100% You might wish to educate the rest of the Senate on the basics of this issue. It matters and if they’re too inept then they should not be in the Senate. Ironically, they could still be congressmen.
Likely because many r truly "old fuddy duddies" who don't really know technology . . #AgeLimits & #TermLimits needed?
THE OTHER COLLEAGUES OF Ted Cruz HAVE BEEN PAID OFF BY Zuckerberg AND PLUS THEY HAVE PREPARED HIM FOR THIS DECEITFUL TESTIMONY.  Trump IS GOING TO REVEAL THE TRUTH ABOUT TECH GIANTS COLLECTING, SELLING YOUR DATA. WATCH UP COMING WEEKLY ADDRESS.  ALSO HEAR Eric Snowden.
Mike there are alarming parallels with @FoxNews who seem to be very bias in their news coverage (ie) if its anti Trump then it must be bad. Is there anything you can do about this? Many of us out there would welcome more journalistic integrity from this news channel. Thank you
Thank you, 

You must get this questioning by Sen Cruz out to the larger public viewing 
Put together 30 second commercial 

Show the rest of America how they censor

So much of the public is unaware
Was a real treat to watch him at work. Yay @tedcruz  Was wanting to hear someone speak up & say exactly what he said.
BECAUSE EVIL IS ORGANIZED & WE'RE NOT

ORGANIZE #MAGA #ClickyClubs Video #Channel http://www.c2cWorldTV.com 

#Christians #Conservatives #VETS #Click2Connect 

#BuzzChatLive
#CrossPromote

BONUSES http://clicky.buzz/public/newsletter …
GENEROUS ROI

Donate https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=DMFVK9BUFSXZY …
Cruz’s colleagues understand what questions NOT to ask; not necessarily a lack of interweb knowledge!
Sorry 
I love this likable 
Mark!!!!
Trend. #TedCruzZsZuckerberg
Zuckerberg sorry? No, he was caught. Now it's time to look as innocent and concerned as possible. But I'm sure he knew all about what was going on. So common on the left.
This is worse than explaining how to update a PC to my 93 y/o step dad. Huck go home you're drunk on bacon juice.
Made my night. TY.
Cruz was the only one who asked a good question. watching this hearing is a joke and shows how stupid our elected officials when it comes to electronic media. zuckerberg is walking all over these chumps, with the exception of cruz, good job cruz
Agree.  After a little over a month of blocking me access to my account, they deleted my FB.  All because of this
YES  Cruz was awesome and I just wish he could have taken it further.  Zuckerberg is lying thru his teeth and avoiding as much as he can.
I wish Senator Cruz had invited @DiamondandSilk to the hearing. Perhaps Mr. Zuckerberg could have explained how they pose a danger to their communities.
It should be illegal to intentionally alter data like many social media sites and search engines do to shape public opinion. This "sounds" like Operation Mockingbird, not saying it is. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Mockingbird … @PrivacyMatters  @EFF
I can’t wait until all of the social media has a chance to sit in Zuckerberg’s chair - esp when they ask if they stifle opposing political views..
Thank you Senator Cruz!!
You got it wrong again #FakeChristian. Oh and #FookTedCruz
You and Cruz should sponsor your own social media platform for conservatives who feel victimized and marginalized. You could call it Cruzr or Huckagram. The kids would think it's the coolest new thing.
They will wait until the FB monopoly is broken! @ATT was this brazen before too!
Why wait for a government solution? Why not use the power of the market by coming up with a superior product that people will want to get off Facebook to join? ATT had a hardware monopoly, FB does not.
We want diamond and silk back on Facebook. It appears the Facebook has politically selected what/who to delete
Oops busted!!!
Was watching on cspan and it cut to resume play right when @tedcruz asked about @DiamondandSilk. What did Suckerburg say  lolol I just found a new love for @tedcruz
Smart man!
Way to go TED! Z’burg was so uncomfortable. Please ask why he didn’t apologize after 2012/Obama. Load of BS from this liberal tool.
Cruz was awesome.  So obvious the other lawmakers are going soft on MZ.  I don't buy the theory they're clueless about social media - think they got paid off with money & with assurances FB will favor them at election time.
Get off FB

Fox has a TOTAL VIEWERSHIP of 2.4 million people.

O GOD! The democracy! She is finished!…
Because they’re  stupid?
He was awesome.  It was weird for years I was mislead by left ideology in regards to my condition and saw him as the devil himself, but my life changed through God's grace and today I found myself a transgender American with much respect and pride for Ted Cruz.   <3.
Mike, Ted.   Both whom I insulted in my past.   I'm sorry.  I ask you to pray for my people.   I lived through the lie they been selling us all.
Zuckerberg can monitor everyone but who is monitoring Zuckerberg. what is he God to decide what’s good and what’s bad to restrict people from using Facebook
Huckabee tell Sarah to stop with fake news .Sarah is an amazing woman 
Also, many of Senator Cruz's Republican colleagues know nothing about being Conservative.
Yeah thus far the only one. Who would thought lying Ted was the only one there with balls...
#Zuckerbergtestimony #zuckhearings
You are a fraud and unworthy to even speak Ted Cruz's name. Ride somebody else's coat tails, slimebag.
Ted Cruz hired Cambridge Analytica before Trump did.
Now they need to break up his company cuz of his abuse of 1st amendment rights. They wont do anything to help us.
you're as dumb as trump
If anyone knows about hypocrisy and slanted rhetoric it would certainly be you and I see the acorn doesn’t fall far from the tree!!
Zuck the crooked liberal
Thank you. I was thinking that exact same thing while watching the comedy show.
Ever heard of the message of Fatima?  Not much time left before the Tribulation starts.  Get to https://is.gd/tradcat  DAILY Follow #tradcatknight
Zukerberg needs to be stopped, now!!!
Wasn’t this hearing supposed to be about privacy and Cambridge Analytica? And you said “interweb” grandpa.
Doesn’t FOX News do the same?  Where’s your moral outrage now?
"BAM" MY ASS.....liberals have been "EXPOSED" for everything illegal and unethical ad nauseum ....with NO CONSEQUENCES EVER !!!!!!!!  #MAGA  #TCOT
But will anything become of it??? I doubt it!
Keep on Preachin' Gov !!!
They do but they are ass Deep in Campaign Donations they are not going to bite the hand that feeds them
Good job Sen Cruz. 
Real the "Patriot Act"  and then Congress can lecture about privacy infringements
Ol Ted really surprised me, he was EXCELLENT absolutely EXCELLENT 
How is that different than mainstream media?  That would make Zuckerberg not much different than Jeff Zucker, CNNs CEO.  Zucker never has explained his bias.
Bam? Huh?
