U are sooooo RIGHT Gov Huckabee, UniteStates REALLY NEED TRUE UNITY, NOT one of those FAKE WANNA BE, just like FALE NEWS CNN!!!
Talk about sadness
Governor 

Love you love your daughter
She handled herself like a classy woman
Still whining about that dinner? They only did to your daughter ONCE what you do to others over and over again. In fact, spitting out insults is all you do with your life.
Sad, you want to hold our comedians to a higher standard than the President of the United States.
After all, it was just locker room talk, right?
Agreed
To the Family Research Council, anti-Christian persecution is bad but anti-LGBTQ persecution is appropriate …http://holybulliesandheadlessmonsters.blogspot.com/2018/05/to-family-research-council-anti.html#.WupXjaZdft8.twitter …
Did he wipe your nose from so much crying too?
You lost.  Get over it!
You still on this?
So much has been said about the WHCD. no matter what side of the "jokes" you fall on i think we can all agree on one thing. Your son tortured and killed someone's dog and you used your positon as Governer to cover it up
For God's sake, let this go. If any of your victims of your abuse did this you would call them crazy. Enough.
Why don't you pick on someone your own size, like Blake Farenhold who won't pay for anything....
Go to bed mikey. It truly is a shame all you have left is tweeter. Sad.
Dog with a bone
THERE'S NO ONE BETTER THAN MICHELLE WOLF. EVERYBODY IS STILL TALKING ABOUT HER, EVEN YOU. AT LEAST SOMEONE HAS A SPINE
WHO was that reporter?  Didn't think she was with us!
And because they are so far left and most likely see nothing wrong with what was done they will change nothing .. if this event is using anything that my tax dollars help pay for  want my money back !!
Go to bed mikey and eat some cheesburgers with sarah.
So many big words for mikey. Way past his bed time hamburger eating time. Must be sarah tweeting for his fat old loser self. Sleep tight mikey...
#FakeChristian
They were and still are disgusting.

Sessions seems to be loyal to Rosenstein instead of the President that picked him saying he would quit if the President fired Rosenstein how pathetic no loyalty perhaps Rosenstein should be fired nest of vipers
Sarah Never Should Have Been Put Through that in this So Call "Me 2 Movement". 2 Have Another Woman Go after Sarah like that was Vial. Bless
it’s only a matter of time before trump turns on your daughter, likely calls her a fat pig, etc.  You ready for that? It’s no different than how he treats everyone.
Exactly

Gov Huckabee, Please Keep Up w/Your Opinion & Given info that We Need 2 know. Also I Sorry that Your Daughter was Bullied @ The Media Dinner

ur weak
Careful Governor, keep acting like this and the president's going to want to grab you

Your outrage is as real as your chance to become president
Still, Mike? Please look for your safe space a little harder.
Got Jeebus?
Yes we do thank you do you
Many people are saying Trump is an inanely club-footed midget
