The President of the United States stood in front of the WH press on AIR FORCE ONE and LIED to America!!!!
How long will you allow your daughter to be made a fool of at the expense of this administration???
Honey  nobody has the license on lying like Hillary
Honey, you can’t stay on topic, can you?  #sad!

What Hillary, a private citizen, does or does not do has absolutely NOTHING to do with what the people  currently in the @WhiteHouse are doing, which is lying to all Americans DAILY, and ALL Americans SHOULD BE pissed about it.
Also I tend to focus on the good things he is doing unlike Obama who did NOTHING to better this country. Trump has done more in 15 months than obummer in 8 years!!  Now that is SAD.
Obama put regulations on Banks and Lending CO's so that can't do what led up to the last near depression . Trump? Took all of them off. You like losing your home value & 401k? You like paying to clean up THEIR mess? Trump is on THIER side. #2
I love that Trump is redoing everything Obama ruined.
Just say , I love to vote against my family and my own interests. That's what you're doing. You choose #STUPID Don't come crying when things fall apart. We don't want to hear you people try to blame anyone else!
No I won’t say that cause it’s not true. We finally have a business man running this country and not a politician with sticky fingers.  How do you think Obama got so rich in 8 years??  Wake up- he ripped the American people off and you kissed his ass for it
Thank God for Rudy. Another great man#MAGA
Should a Christian minister support adultery? Should his daughter?
Who said they support it??????
Not openly denouncing it either, or denouncing the lies about it.
Giuliani's self-imposed deadline to end the Mueller Investigation is tomorrow. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha... #TraitorsSuck
You'r right, Mike. They should be state cases, because those  are beyond the reach of a  presidential pardon.
Well Mike, I tend to think it's a big deal to find out the President lied. (Even though he does every day).
Substitute Clinton for Trump and tell me you wouldn't react the same way Mike.
Oh, Rev. Huckabee. You must be SO proud:
It is hard to decide if they should or not. One thing to keep in mind is that your son tortured and killed someone's dog and you used your position as Governer to cover it up
Please go away Mike.  You are old & irrelevant.  Take your daughter with you
We just don't care about his sex life, we did not elected him b/c he was a saint.
I suspect the #CohenRaids may have revealed the reimbursement, and #Guiliani was purposely getting ahead of the story.
Hey Mike, today would be a good day for you to remind Sarah that telling lies is a sin.
Wow! You don't even care that your daughter is being put in a situation to LIE for Trump. #Pimp
BOOM! Once again you nail it with humor (& stone cold facts).  Thanks!
Kids kill any dogs lately?
No

Yes and your daughter is a liar like Trump.
Prove it.

There was no Russia Collusion after 16 months investigation, so why are we now spending time on other things, questions, here and there. Can the DOJ, do the tax cut? take care of NK? Fix Trade Imbalance? Bring back US Cos. & jobs? Take care of Immigration? No, Nada.
They refuse to consider She could be lying to extort $ or ruin Trump&the lawyer paid her to get rid of her-DJT used his own$-didnt break camp fin laws-but even say He lied-He wasnt under oath-Where is the crime&now His team is suing her for damages
Democrats are the ones trying their hardest to make a big deal out of something that happened 12 years ago if at all. We DON’T care!!

Excuse me, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump , I've found what #SpecialCounsel and #RobertMueller  have been looking for. 
…
How many non-disclosure agreements with pornstars do you have?
How often do you beat your wife and molest your children?
I'm guessing that you love the fact that your president seems to have serious issues with his zipper and talks pervy about his daughter?
Sir I watched it live and thought out loud, in my living room, “why is he saying this right now???”
I watched it and it made sense to me but I thought, anyone that does not have an attorney on retainer isn't going to understand it.
My question was whyyyyyy take the attention off the Bogus probe and Korean Peace and out it back in Stormy because YOU KNOW every news outlet will not talk about anything Rudy said for an hour and there was a ton of great thing he said  except for some skank stormy - it’s a waste
I think Rudy is just firing a shot across the bow.  I don't think they care about the news coverage but they do care about the disruption Mueller has in the administration.  Shutting down subpoena threats would be my guess.
I can dig that

Is it ok to pay hush money to your mistress so that it doesn't come out before the election "Reverend" Huckabee?
Rudy also said in that interview he had not reviewed the case. They all seemed to leave out that little tidbit.
IF YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW, YES.  ITS MUCH MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE GOP’S FIXATION ON WHAT THE CLINTONS DID OR DIDN’T DO. THE STRENGTH OF THE USA DEPENDS ON WHAT THE PRESIDENT SAYS AND DOES. YOU KNOW THIS BUT ARE HAPPY TO IGNORE IT. IF THERES A GOD IN HEAVEN, YOU’RE GOING TO HELL.
You are a God Damned Fool, Mike, for not realizing your daughter was heading for INEVITABLE RUIN by taking that job with Trump. Any good father would know that
What’s it like to have a daughter who so willingly and happily lies to the country??
And Jesus said "these arrangements are very common among celebrities and people of wealth".
He is a washed up big mouth liar......
You have to admit, he was stupid.
Like your family is Anti Salad.
Your kid @PressSec  is a lying POS.
Rudy's on the train to nowhere...
It walks like a duck. It talks like a duck. It's a fu*king duck.
Sir, we need to pray! This doesn’t feel like it is from God. The constant taunting reminds me of Goliath.
YA. They should. Why are you - a purported Christian - twisting yourself in knots to defend a man who had an extramarital affair with a porn star? And who has repeatedly been caught in his own lies? I struggle to understand how you can excuse this behavior
#MoreFakeNews Libs have to find something to accuse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Truthfully I am sick of it. GOP loses my vote if nothing changes after 2018 election. Dems will NEVER EVER get my vote. Indepedants are rising!
Your daughter is the number one front and center liar. When Trump fires her, and he will, how will you feel about him using YOUR daughter to spread his pathetic lies and completely lose her credibility as a person in the end?
Rudy said rich folks attorneys deal with suits & accusations - clients don’t pay accusers they pay lawyers to take care of it hence that’s why he said Cohen was getting a monthly $35K retainer to take care of these things Rudy said its very common but the left is spinning it
yes.  and YOU should help sarah tell us/USA the truth!
No. They shouldn’t! It’s absurd!#WitchHunt !
He implicated Trump in at least four felonies. Everyone knows how bad this is.
Name the 4 felonies
Election Finance Violations, Bank Fraud, and Obstruction of Justice,
Nope only if you read into it what you want to hear. Saying Trump paid him back does not confess any of those felonies.
You’re wrong.
It does set up the lawyer to have committed some crimes- but unless there is a direct link to Trump saying “pay her now before this gets out during the elections” then Trump is not connected.
The FEC disagrees with you.
Who believes Fake News media.  They have been exposed thanks to our President.
Wow, you need to pull your head out of the sand.
You First.
I don't blindly believe a man known to tell several lies, publicly, daily. Easily checkable.
But you seem to blindly follow MSM and their lies daily easy to check as well
Your rationalization of endless Trump lies is mind numbing. If it were not so disgusting, immoral, and traitorous, it would be entertaining.

hahaha. he made a federal liar and fool of himself.
It doesn’t matter , we don’t understand the mistake , there was none  , we don’t believe the fake news abou,t anything , their explanation makes no sense. I don’t see the problem , 

@PressSec has lost what little credibility she has, which does not say much.  I don't know how she keeps it up.  She must go home every night and take a long shower to wash the swamp off.
The only difference between Trump and Rudy is one of them has a law degree.
Blessed be the man who sexually assaults women for Christians will follow him. Blessed be the man who lies every day for Christians will enable him. Blessed be the man who mocks the disabled for Christians will allow him. How you call yourself a Christian is a joke.
YOUR DAUGHTER (@PressSec @SarahHuckabee) IS A LIAR. Every word about her during the WHCD was true.
Hey Mike did you teach Sarah to be such a good liar? She learned from a phoney Christian like you.

Sir, you are not only watching your daughter go thru the painful exercise of supporting the crazy lies that #FakePotus spews, but you continue to defend him.  I’ve seen this behavior before. You have sold your soul, Sir. But you sold Sarah too. Welcome to the cult of Trump
Is God ok with you defending this fraud of a president? Asking for AMerica

.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
Oh.   So if I Commit a crime....I can lie about it as long as I am not under oath!?!
Let’s make a federal case of the FBI trying to overthrow an election!! Isn’t this what’s happening?
Yes Mike.  Rudy’s comments further cement a criminal conviction.   Oh Mike, if you love your daughter, you should encourage her to extricate herself from that criminal cesspool
The media has nothing else to do totally trash Trump
Haha. Stay in the basement practicing the bass.  #criminal
By their fruits you will know them. Your fruit lies for a living, Gov.
Hilarious read! All those pathetic charcaters picking at idiotic rumors and "proofs" collected in the garbage.
How ya feelin about what they’re doing to your daughter ? Have you had enough yet ? When is enough really enough Mike ? #lies #unchristian
Your daughter the @PressSec should resign immediately. 
American no longer have faith or believe in her sleazebag lying ways. 
You should be ashamed.
You also don't say the words funneling money because that comes out as money laundering. 
If he lied about payments he lied about Russian collusion.  It's a pattern with him.
Of course, and your daughter should probably start asking as well!
No way. Who can believe all the news on top of news and no one knows any ones hand until all the cards are played. You got to know when to hold them, when to fold them, and when to walk away. I believe President Trump is the best at this and leaves a lot of players guessing.

It’s almost like... I dunno... maybe Michelle Wolf was kinda right. https://twitter.com/evanmcmurry/status/992112922364076032 …
No! @realDonaldTrump has been in public eye 4 decades!Anyone feigning outrage is downright pathetic! I have never known more personal info prior 2 an election in my years of voting & quite frankly found it refreshing-stop the presses!Trump is human w/flaws!
Rudy is a Dumbo
Sitting here watching ALL the news channels calling out ur daughter for the lying incompetent uninformed pos she is. So if u lie for a adulterous flimflam man(45).....God forgives ya???? Just asking
Let's call them legitimate media outlets. Protect our #FirstAmendment guaranteed #FreePress
You have to admit Rudy sounded more like a gossip than an attorney
I bet his daughter feels dumb right now
Why should now be any different than any other time ? #LIESUPONLIES

@realDonaldTrump received an expenses invoice. He paid it....end of story! Hell I'm sure he has people to pay his personal expenses!
This is beyond ridiculous now!
End the madness
#MAGA
Mike, great compliment from Levin tonight for Sarah & parents
Yes, actually, the electorate deserves analysis and facts from all views and has the right, some might say obligation, to form their own opinion. This is still America. 

PS: put down the donuts. They’re gonna kill you.
The writing is on the wall. Sarah Huckabee Sanders must resign.
No
Oh, you mean actual investigative media outlets, not Fox? They do that because they’re functioning properly.
No they shouldn’t
I hope so!!! I can’t get enough of the ‘egg on the face’ journalism these days.
Definitely yes.
Trump's lawyer screwing his client good? You bet everybody's on it. Like a cheap suit.
At this point, it's obvious that Trump cheated on his wife, that both he and Rudy are lying the American public in a weak attempt to retell Trump's actions in a non-criminal light. Queue @GovMikeHuckabee being outraged and distancing himself from these immoral and unethical men?
Lmao
Yes, as you Rudy is a co-conspirator and a member of an illegal government less by a fascist dictator.
Yes
Absolutely not!! Trump should never be questioned look at the economy and North Korea. We should be asking more questions on Benghazi and Email that’s still a new topic.
Does anyone understand how payments are made to lawyers these days? One, when wealthy and famous, does not often know how funds are going to be used, they just ok the use of funds to avoid legal troubles that can take valuable time away from pursuits. #QANON #MAGA #GREATAWAKENING
Is this rhetorical?  The answer is obviously YES!

WHEN WILL YOU SAY, “ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.  AMERICA DESERVES BETTER... AMERICA NEEDS BETTER... I’M ASHAMED THAT WE BLINDLY PROTECT A LYING, CROOKED, RACIST WHO CARES FOR HIMSELF MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE.”
Yes they should.
Reading some of these posts.   Where did all of the hatred come from.  A difference in opinion does not entitle one to bash others.  Look for the good in everything you do and all you meet.
Lying is not a difference of opinion. WTF dude
Mikie....please take you daughter and just go away.  It would be a step towards MAGA.
Who is Rudy really working for! Thanks Rudy!! .... I smell impeachment
Why yes, yes they should. It is actually about a federal case. 

You haven't been keeping up with the news have you?
