And liberals will say it was all Obama!!
So, you’re the guy that spawned the liar Sarah Sanders. Both of you gorgeous gn to hell
i have people in my area who do not want to work, work is "too hard" and openly state they just want "welfare" this is unfortunate i take pride in my work for helping others and community. hope some see the reality of the benefits of labor is good and healthy.
Obama's legacy
No, I believe the lazy welfare class was Lyndon Johnson's legacy. Obama exacerbated the problem, but he didn't create it.
I was speaking of illegals that have flooded here with Obama's Daca
Yes, you're absolutely right!
How much of your money would you be willing to give the poor the disabled who are forced to work 3 jobs just to rent a house and find that is not enough more people are working for less sad!
Love your Daughter Governor.
Ames, Iowa, is a city? Low bar.
What is Ames Iowa? Is that a major city or something?
Some town/suburb of Des Moines nobody outside Iowa has ever heard of. I had to look it up.
Yeah, those liberal college towns are really something.
Minimum wage at $10.00 and the GOP mandate for the poor to work to receive benefits may give you that conflated number as the poverty level rises.
Remember when the GOP claimed the only reason unemployment went down under Obama was because less people filed?
If only you were out of a job. That would #MAGA
If another economic meltdown occurs, social chaos will ensue, riots & looting, can the government handle another bail out, and how long will it take to recover, Trump deregulated Wall Street, and we are on the brink of civil unrest, coupled with the fact that the debt is upside π
We'd be living in a different world perhaps if you were elected president when you ran, too bad we missed a good one...
#ReleaseTheCohenTapes

If the unemployment rate is so low. How does the welfare system have so many problems? Its obvious the government is lying, either about unemployment rates or welfare system. I would like someone to explain how I'm missing the numbers.
Welfare is about to get worse

traitors
The FBI did their own discrediting
I suppose democrats would like the FBI and Government to continue in corruption ripping off the Americans who pay them . Anyone who is ok with a corrupt FBI and swamp is kookoo
Keep dreaming.
Another stupid tweet. If you take into consideration that a large portion of the employed are in jobs that don't pay a fair wage. But mikey is so stupid fat and lazy that he would not reflect on this...
The jobs don't pay.

Don't fret, the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates to bring unemployment to 5% to stop wage inflation, something we have not appreciated since 1913.
If the illegals were gone, 3% or less would happen.
We need to make individual tax cuts permanent!
Where is the labor force participation rate? Just because Trump is president doesn’t mean the labor force participation rate can be ignored! The unemployment rate is meaningless
Good news. Now we’ll see what happens when all the new companies and expansions get going and people re-enter the workforce. As @POTUS said in the campaign, many more unemployed dropped out completely (are not counted in the unemployment figures). We’re on the right track! 
You are a Criminal
WE DONT WANT ANY DAM TPP , WE GOT OUT NOW WE NEED TO STAY OUT , GET THE UN OUT OF AMERICA AND AMERICA OUT OF THE UN TO,

Damn, look at all the liberal bots on here!
Yes, BUT THE WAGES KEEP PEOPLE IN POVERTY!!!!!!!


The participation rate number of Americans participating in the economy is still low we need to get more people off welfare and back on payrolls! Labor is good for the soul!
4.1 % using Obama math that we didnt like when it was the black guy***
There's so much hatred from Liberalism that its followers do not care about positive numbers. They themselves have more money in their income, but could care less. My guess they have been suppressed so long, they are afraid to enjoy themselves.
EWWW you ugly old treasonous coward.... you look like your ready to drop u piece of crap
You damned fool! Our Debt/Deficit is higher then it was at WW II! Were headed right back into a Recession! I don't know who's pushing the Pencil, but Unemployment is PART TIME, an families are working 2 to 3 jobs to make mince meat! Couples moving back in with parents etc.
And inflation.
Mr Governor MIKE HUCKABEE #NO__to__WW3 #PEACE
watch please https://youtu.be/cyVRAN72jbc?t=25 …

UK decision about SYRIA at Aug 29, 2013
David Cameron defeated
British lawmakers' vote rejecting intervention in Syria   @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may @EmmanuelMacron
@DeptofDefense @VP @FLOTUS
#Q
Don’t tell Pelosi she is already having face spasms

Yahoo!!!!
How many people does 4.1% represent?  How many visas for foreign workers are given out each year?
Thank God you are no longer governing anything. Wages are down.  Adding low paying service and retail jobs adds nothing to the economy.
Why does being include a photo of himself in this tweet? Is he stupid or something?
LOL  What a joke you are.  No wonder Sarah is a laughing stock.
Iowa, the corn belt!, surprised they have such low unemployment
#fakenews
Thank you president obama!
What are we going to do about the resulting rising inflation given the 30 year trend in stagnation in wage growth?  And how about rising interest rates?  How long before the next impending economic crash, brought about by deregulated wrecklessness again?...
Except they have evidence. Soooo your point is wrong.
So, once again, tried to leave comment on your site, but after clicking thru 20 of those dumb rectangles, just gave up. Not going to go thru that hassle. sad.
We r #Winning
So you are saying “don’t worry’ farmers, 7-11 is hiring.”  #bonespur
Embroidered lettering Made in USA $19.95 Free shipping Buy at http://www.easilyoffendedtissuehat.com  
This business is owned/ran by a tight family who loves our country!!!
Kiss it goodbye if you vote democratic. VOTE RED
The unemployment rate is not reality - it doesn't account for the long term unemployed. After unemployment claims run out (26 weeks) we drop off the radar. So there are Millions not being counted or considered.
This may seem anecdotal but it's not- antique / vintage item availability is at an all-time low.  Nothing old and US-made of quality is for sale.  It's all locked up like never seen before.  Indicates near perfection in current economy IMHO.
You’re so irrelevant. Move along.
Wouldn’t surprise me to see it go even lower than 3% if we can get all the illegals deported!

The key word being "might". #Resist
And thrn there's this....



Order your copy today!

Wait until we can get and keep illegals out...has unemployment ever been neg numbers?...take men that owe child support or lifetime welfare recips who “can’t find work” and have them work the “jobs we won’t do”

Mr Huchibee thankyou for the report #MAGA


#thanksobama


Thanks Obama!
MIKEY boy...Do you have Jenny CRAIGS number dude???????    Call it today
That would be great!
I am remembering when US had other president and job numbers looking better US right peoples say it is because of all things other than peoples getting jobs!  Now my friend Donny is pres and all good things are his doing!  This is good thinking!
Sure comrade.
Thank you comrade, finally good US people agree with me!
Yes, which is wonderful! I am VERY happy and grateful to have @POTUS at the helm. One huge problem is still out there; All of the people left unemployed and are now homeless. How's THAT going to be addressed? So much to deal with. I do not envy the heavy platter he has inherited.
Owe it to Trump.
Prez should declassify doj/fbi docs so taxpayers can make an assessment on our own rather than wait 3 years projected by current leadership.  Need new doj/fbi leadership
THANKS TO OBAMA, FOOL
Have you finally figured out how to suck your own __________
Fuzzy math.
Governor - There are countries in the world where each citizen gets $1500 per month and places who take care of their citizens w/free healthcare.  IMAGINE how that would change homelessness, hungry and because people would not feel desperate... less crime in the streets.
Lol they contribute nothing to the GDP.

NEW: Trump doorman Dino Sajudin releases statement: "I was instructed not to criticize President Trump's former housekeeper due to a prior relationship she had with President Trump which produced a child.” (via …
What does your picture have to do with this? Intern mistake or just running low on shots of Ames Iowa?
oh s**T snap
Wow sir ,, very funny joke as always ,, ha-ha-ha
That would also help to increase wages
Thanks @BarackObama
How long do you think it’ll take us to clean the swamp. And get rid of some Democrats
#thanksobama
Remember when Obama said how is Trump going to accomplish this... Look who's laughing now!!! MAGA!

