James Comey to Bret Baier: I don’t consider what I did to be a ‘leak’ 
He lies straight face ! Swamper
Thus statment was nit directed to Govmike Huckabee ! Huckabee is a great great man
Maybe @michelleisawolf should have used this joke about your daughter. She doesn’t leak though. Or does she? Maybe only when she coughs or laughs too hard.
”That level of vulgarity is best handled with a mouth washed out w/ soap.”
What was It was just a little tinkle in his panties. 
For petes sake this guy is playing  the dumb card just like Hillary wiping a hard drive with a cloth. He was the head of the FBI, they have to be the smartest crooks on the planet, just to catch other ones.
You do diaper jokes and then get upset over some jokes at a Dinner for journalists.
You can’t hear or understand the difference? Anyone should be able to take a joke, we didn’t like the mean and the nasty!!
Good one Gov. 
But yesterday he was outraged because a comedian made a eyeshadow comment and that his daughter lies? lol! I think you are all nuts!
Lol!  #GovMikeHuckabee

Hahahaha!

I don’t think Comey knows what leak means
Lol.  Almost as funny as that picture of your family
I thought you disapproved of "bullying, vulgarity and hate." Oh, that's right. It's ok if YOU and the president do it. Hypocrite!
@EversFam. Way 2 Go..wonder what caregiver helped
Wow. What a christian. Little c.
Comey: Remember your boy scout oath. Is your wife impressed with your attempt to bring the Republic down?
James Comey didn’t consider it leaking, I wonder what he considered it to be???

U are a former pastor?? Is a man of god really telling the ex head of the FBI he is urinating himself and needs to wear adult diapers.  Is that funny?  Is that what Jesus would do?  And u wonder why people say Christians r hypocrites.  And Sarah is no better.  Sad. Just sad!
#LyinComey
 wittiest comment that I’ve heard to date! I may have to quote you Governor!
Pretty sure Comey will have the last laugh.
Wow, the father of a dog killer and a liar BULLIES  a man with more integrity than you’ll ever have.
No doubt in my mind which side of the aisle Jim Comey is on. The former FBI Director is an unscrupulous snake.
So incredibly immature
Really Good One!!!!

Hahaha.. love it Gov
lol.

Did Comet borrow yours?
Rude and insulting. But not ok for sarah right?  #sarasux and so do you.
Is anyone still wondering why Ms. Huckabee was put down at WHCD M. and S Huckabee slingdelamation at any oppportunity. Ms. Williams at WHCD was all too kind and didn't go far enough with the Huckabees.
A leak is a subjective concept that evidently needs interpretation.
Hmmmmm i thought bullying was unspeakable ...
How dare you bully old people that use Depends? Insensitive and tasteless!
Tell so many lies you begin to believe them and forget what truth even means.
You just can't make this shit up. LOL



Good one!
Good one
You offer up an endless stream of these lame-ass burns and then whine like a whelp over the jokes at the WHCD. (oh, and I love it when millionaire snobs like you and trump call people elitists. you're a joke.
Comey “didn’t consider” what he did to be a leak. I’ll bet he and his buddies “didn’t consider” their little $hit show would be uncovered either. #swampcreatures
Your daughter got eviscerated last night for lying for a liar. That was hysterical!
It's that whole "INTENT" nonsense! He wants people to believe that he didnt have INTENT to leak. Intent isn't an element of the crime. The ACT of leaking will soon have him crapping his pants.
AMERICA PRAYS for PEACE: 
Flood (world pressure)has risen;  poisonous spider (rocket man) made decision to surrender TODAY!!  
Fox (@POTUS )knows nature of spider is to bite,therefore 
FOX Barrier SPIDER *always!!  
(shield with Prevention)
Lol that's a funny joke and yet people are upset about #WHCD jokes told by @michelleisawolf because @SHSPRESSSEC wears facts crushed into dust as smokey eye shadow.
Again , more insults about others but heaven forbid someone calls out lying SHS (SHitS)
When are the arrest coming ????

Delusional
 Oh Governor!

For years liberals have been playing with a different dictionary.

How dare you fake hippo critical  fake Christian.Slander an American who has served his country to support a liar and abuser you know is not loyal American.Maybe you should hang with your kid and abuse dogs.
Lol you and your daughter are about bedridden gonna be on my 600 lb life, so I would not bevyalking about other folk's bodily functions.


Who truly deserves the Nobel Peace Prize?
Gov. I don't usually like "bathroom humor" but I laughed and laughed. Clever!
You're a loser, Mike
OMG- too funny 
In medical terms...voluntary incontinence
Lol, you are so witty @GovMikeHuckabee !!!

Your jokes are so bad Mr. 'PASTOR".
Hahaha
Lol!!

Ha ha !
Bahaha
You’re hilarious @GovMikeHuckabee 
Hahahaha !

True
Jim Comey is a two-faced liar.
Governor, you are killing me!!
I guess if he says it enough he thinks we'll believe him.  He needs to go to jail

Your best Tweet so far this year. 
Your daughter makes 6 figures to lie to the American people for a guy who eviscerates all the values you claim to embrace. We should listen to you based on what?
Hahahaha. Tell him he needs to go to Walgreens they have them on sale!!   
A Leak is a Leak is a Leak ...
Good one Mike!!!## your always on target!!!! Lol
Treason is punishable by death. Comey is a traitor
Mike Huckabee is always on top of the story 
Your an ass....and listening to your daughter reinforces that notion.

Are you 3?
Not appropriate.
Nice comeback Gov. Huckabee!
Tired of hearing about Comey, Trapper & Clapper is what’s hot now.
Gov. Huckabee, you crack me up!  Absolutely love your sense of humor.


Hahahahahaha! 
Oh my! LMO60BO That is "Laughing My Over 60 Butt Off"
Comey is a disgrace to the FBI and our country.  He is no patriot.  Boy oh boy, has he ever shown his true colors.
Wonder what world he lives in?
I hope they come in extra tall!!!
@GovMikeHuckabee ... Haha... You crack me up 


 now that is funny
Spoken like a true Statesman. With that kind of infantile rhetoric, it proves to the nation, that Trump’s hillbilly mouthpiece and your daughter, was most likely homeschooled in the Arkansas Governor’s Mansion.
LOLOLOLOL
SUCH A CHRISTIAN RESPONSE! THIS IS EXACTLY WHY I LEFT YOUR SO CALLED CHURCH!
People claiming to be Christian are the worst!
I agree fully with Gov. Mike Huckabee, Comey  better stock up on depends
Lmao
Comey do not pass go and don’t collect $200.00.Go directly to jail.Whoever locks you up,perhaps will lose the key!!!!  You are a hubris man like most of the elected dims!!!!

Wow an FBI director don’t know anything,that’s the problem when you’re lying
What dignified commentary.
Let’s hope to God there are better people at the wheel then this sort.
Ummm, he's on FOX NEWS in that link you walking, talking tub of lard.
Comey is a rotten SOB.. When are we going to get Justice by putting these idiots away?... The Deep State is engaging in warfare against our Republic...Trump needs to replace Sessions with someone with balls like Trey Gowdy to fire these scandalous FBI and DOJ traitors.
Just how inbred are you?
Leaker n Chief

The “breaking wind” is actually coming from your daughter every time she opens her big mouth 
Using Comey logic I don’t think a fully automatic AR is truly against the law.
And you wonder why you were such an embarrassing excuse for a presidential candidate.
That’s hilarious!  Just love Huckabee! 

Obama got the peace prize for talking the talk•Let's see if they give it to Trump for walking the walk
Your as disgusting as the great pumpkin
Breaking from Huckabee. The dog your son killed was just trying to leak when your son murdered it.
Nope. And Al Capone didn’t consider what HE was doing was racketeering.
Tooooo FUNNY, Huck!!
Still lying Pastor? A false witness will not go unpunished, and he who breathes out lies will not escape. Proverbs 19:5
If Comey was actually being truthful, one would have to ask how someone so incredibly stupid could become head of the FBI? J.Edgar is probably rolling over in his mother's best dress right now!
RFLMBO.
Really.
Then just like you. Huckleberry.
The clowns of cnn and fox playing with that they believe is real.  It’s all horseshit of the political makings.


Good god, who wrote this for you, Mike? Buck Ownes? Grandpa Jones? C'mon! Gotta get better writers. 
Total destruction of American justice. Congrats to comey cuz we now have so little faith in our fbi and doj that we think they are more interested in undoing the election and causing civil war in America than they are in solving crime apprehending criminals and keeping us safe
Haha Haha!

Depends on your definition of leak
Just like inviting The Russians to WH Office!!! OOP’s... KENNEDY Files——CLASSIFIED.. What’s Different? Oh It Was The STORMY ANSWER; NO ask Cohen! YES MY DEAL 
Unbelievable 
Wow.....Ur a father, a grandfather, an adult man with a show on a Christian network.
You should really learn how to conduct yourself properly in public.
Love it Gov!!!!
Lies
Jim Comey leaked so much he needed an Urinary Katheter King size.
Don't quit your day job.
"Breaking Wind from CNN". That's a classic LOL🖒
LOVE YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR!
You mean like the Leaker n Chief
Governor please let me know when you’ll be on SNL! You’d be perfect! Love your humor even if it is the truth
You are a ray of sunshine Governor Huckabee...Laughing is good!
You’re ridiculous.
Wow! @realDonaldTrump worshipers are as dumb as thought.
Where do you get the stuff now I have to wear a depends because I’m laughing so hard
I don’t think he can buy enough depends for all the leaking he’s doing
LMAO
Crickets!
Keep trying, Mike. You'll be ready to open for Gallagher at all those sweet State Fairs someday.
Just like you, huh? #takesonetoknowone #wanker

Funny you mention “breaking wind”:

Good one governor.
This might explain why your daughter Sarah is so fuckedup.

Former FBI Dir. doesn't  know what a leak is; Former Secretary of State didn't know that it was wrong to transmit sensitive/classified email on a non-secure server AND that the POTUS is determined by the electoral college not the popular vote. Is this the Keystone Cops?
Oops! Mr. Ignoramus was running our FBI? Lordyyyyy...
Good Lord, you are about as immature as Trump. And to think you also ran.
I’m curious, if he didn’t consider it a Leak, then why push the information thru a “Friend”?! Why not do it yourself if you have nothing to hide and you’re doing nothing Illegal?! 

Yeah, that’s what I thought...!

“Homey Comey” is actually related to the Scarecrow in the Wizard of Oz.
I figured Comey would use Cock Tampons to stop the leaks.
And @jaketapper always volunteers to change Comey’s Depends.
I love me some @GovMikeHuckabee tweets
Sorry, but how did that guy hold the job as Director of the FBI? He has been completely incompetent.  He didn’t know who paid for the fake paper? Seriously? Wow, how comical
It's nappy time!  
