Honestly Mike I don't give a darn. To me its away of keeping track of family and hobbies
What’s the Outcome? Are we really going to trust this little robotic worm, Zuckerberg to obey the law?
Catfish are the easiest catch in the world. It only seems right that you think it’s some kind of “insider” reference. Haha. I can put a dough ball on a hook and catch one. It’s simple, like you.
Ease of capture does not negate the sad state of those left dangling on a trot line hour after hour...or did the point go right over your head?  Bless your heart, who’s simple now...?
How do you have the power to bless anything. Thoughts and prayers is what you’re supposed to say. Traditional trot lines are illegal in Michigan because we know how to fish. Thanks for being a fish whisperer though
That's quite a picture.
Trot line ,can you hear me laughing from NJ
He looked like a kid in the principal office
You have to be an idiot to be on @facebook . They are anti-conservative. and they steal your personal information.
In our home we deleted all our accounts 8 years ago as we tired of resetting all those security settings how we required them only to repeatedly find FB reset them to their defaults allowing unwanted unsolicited ads and strangers into our inner circles one too many times. #Juggin
It's not just Facebook. Instagram and WhatsApp are Facebook property too. Instagram and Facebook are interlinked, and WhatsApp uses Facebook as data facility.
Never friended Facestuff on this end Gov.  Knew from day 1 that it was trouble as can be other social media platforms. I just think Facejunk is one of the most dangerous predator sites available where criminals can piece your life story together and violate innocence
Just stay on now and openly VOICE YOUR OPINIONS!! THEN WE’LL SEE WHAT HAPPENS, if we’re still being targeted then let’s do a class action!! If there are ANY CONSERVATIVE ATTORNEYS REMAINING!
Facebook is facing the moment of truth today.  My wish is that people are more careful about what they put on facebook as they don't secure what you put on it.  REMEMBER, evil people read what you put on facebook.
I love it.  Sir, you always say the perfect thins.  Praying for you , and for sweet awesome Sarah
Yes, Sarah is awesome.... that's why she is on the Trump Team.
Zuckerberg just said all of one's info is deleted when acct is deleted. I think I'm going to try that out right now
Who really trusts Zuckerberg when he says that?  This is just the tip of the "berg".  Who knows what lurks beneath. Often the most dangerous & damaging parts.
What they do with what I post to the public is one thing but to gather information other than what I freely give to the public is unacceptable.
I delegated  em because, it caused me to Sin. bear false witness, gossiped, Judged, and coveted Elon Musk’s Tesla.
FaceBook is a weapon, of Beelzebub AKA Satan. Full disclosure FB kicked me off,
For calling obama a ——- !
Best laugh I've had all day.
I just love your southern phrases, along with your sharp analysis!
Gov Mike just had a friend say a couple days ago at an unnamed chain food place “I wouldn’t put this biscuit on a trot line!”
You are so stu___!
I want to know why they go after conservatives
Because they're liberal and can't function in a sane society.
Whatever happened to conservative idea of "Nothing to hide, nothing to fear!"
guess that only sounds good when you think it is being used to persecute brown people huh?
Oh Lawd....
Yes.
Use different bait...just like Zuck!
Deleted my Facebook account.
I guess we’ll just have to have our own social media & ban libs if he is allowed to continue censoring us.
I think he is doing a FABULOUS job of ticking us all off.. keep it up Zucker
Check out
Where's your idiot son?
Pretty sure the main takeaway is that Senators can't seem to ask a coherent question about technology. This whole hearing is giving me flashbacks of trying to explain wi-fi to my parents.
Scary right, and these are the leaders of the free world
Doc Holiday would have been conservative if you read his biography. 
Which part of his biography makes him a conservative? The part where he lived in sin with a Hungarian born prostitute?
No that’s the liberal side shining through. I was talking about the loyalty to his dear friend Wyatt.
Actually, his cohabiting with an Eastern European prostitute puts him right in line with most of you in today’s GOP.
Own it.
So what is so bad about being a conservative?  I am sure doc would be a NRA member today.
What’s wrong with being a liberal? At least we’re on the right side of every issue this country faces. At least we’re not brazen hypocrites like Trump and his cronies, purporting to be Christians. Christ would literally vomit if he knew Trump was claiming to be a Christian.
Actually nothing is wrong with being a liberal, judging people is wrong on any scale. As far as Christ puking, I am sure he knows what Trump claims.  I will always stand on Gods word and what he says and even though I don’t agree with people, I always worry about their soul.
I WANT AN ANSWER AS TO WHY HE SHUT DOWN DIAMOND AND SILK IM GLAD CRUZ BROUGHT IT UP BUT WE NEEDED AN  ANSWER
He said today it was a mistake.  He said Facebook fixed it and contacted them.  They were on Laura Ingraham tonight and they said they hadn't been contacted, nothing fixed.
This is why you no longer hold any office mr irrelevant
WHAT. A. HICK.
Where’s the part about Ted Cruz accepting Facebook campaign money? Or paying Cambridge Analytica $6 million? Lots of snarky questions for Zuckerberg but no full disclosure.
Tough questioning No repercussions!
I deleted my fb couple of months ago. It felt sooo good & still does! 
Dear, dear oh, so christian-spirited former governor. Surely you have other things to do besides tweet. Or are you on the same imbecilic level as our extremely stupid so-called president?!
#DeleteFacebookNow
Already removed myelf
This is great
I took Facebook off my phone for awhile. I’m only going to put it on to catch up with family and remove it again
Zuckerberg stood out like a turd in a punchbowl and responded with about the same mentality.
Just the government shaking Zuckerberg down. Nothing will change. Typical government theater. Our country finally has a @POTUS who is fighting for "We the people" and the Left constantly fights to destroy US. Sad.
I stopped fb 3 mos http://ago.To  use fb is like giving all isis your personal information.
That's  great! And look at all the snowflakes you melted with this tweet! Makes it even better.
I am not on Facebook. Never will be.
Closed my Facebook account 8 years ago.  
When you signed up for FB or scrolled down to get to the I agree box did you read the script. The the constant share boxes friends■friends of■etc. Please give it a break did you think your privacy secure
Who set the sinker on the trot line?
I like the music videos........and keep in touch with family and tic off liberals..
I doubt it...alot of folks have tons of family photos and memories they wish not to loose #facebook #Zuckerberg
Like your style there. Points for integrating some of that deep woods stuff you only learn catfishing streams in the natural St 
I thought the Democrats question about chocolate advertising was riveting
Your a joke like your daughter whom looks like she has a bad benzodiazepine problem nice job daddy
Uh oh. Mike is talking about catfish. He is in full on folksy mode.
Am deleting Facebook App.  What surprised me most when deleting is the number of advertiser who had downloaded my name and contact info into Facebook - most I had never heard of.  Do you really think people know about that list?
Deleting FB account in 48 hours.
He looked like a long tail cat in a room fulla rockin' chairs....
 Love it! Haven't heard that in a long time.
Did anybody has been capable to read his body language ? I am talking about (Zukemberg) Repeating  and repeating  the word “Senator “ Millions Times? how his voice babbled. Many questions and non one straight answer ! The way he drink water, obviously very nerves. He was lying !!
He was smooth as silk.
Have you noticed they start a hearings when more important news is in White House. Very little said about China meeting with Trump’s Tarriffs
Totally agree Governor !  These people are incredibly cold liars, now facebooks accounts know exactly that they have been sold to the best postor. Thanks God I have never had one !!
No. They'll have to kick me off. I share that crazy, Conservative ,Patriotic stuff that drives the left crazy, so it probably won't be long now.
It’s so hard to completely delete your Facebook page.
Is there some kind of genetic deficiency in the Huckleberry bloodline that causes excessive lying or delusions of grandeur?
Just Arkansas
Trotline...wasn't that the name of Sarah's highschool dance team?
I’ll “friend” you on FB, Guv....will you know what to do next????
Your arrogance overshadows everything you say or do. All that we see is your narcissistic ego vying for attention.
@SenTedCruz @tedcruz moment was the best.
He didn’t look to happy!!
Ten tweets down from this one tells people your television show is available on Facebook.
Hey, Gov. we talked about this new stand up thing. We’re all against it. It’s hard to do “observational humor” when you’re  a myopic hypocrite. PS- your timing is terrible. #womenbeshopping #airlinefood #youevernotice
Are you going to “unfriend” Facebook, Mike?
i hear you'll be rotating on a barbeque spit and squealing like a rabid pig in hell. time's a wastin'.
I will ,but anyway they have all my info. photos etc my husband tried to get free from Fb and they didn’t erase or do anything about it They have the power! Once you are in the red you have no privacy at all! Get use to it! It is global !
Facebook should be completely deleted deactivated and gone
No but they probs unfriended you when your murdered a dog
#fuckingMoron
God bless you but if you die today,you going straight  ro hell..it's  sad that a porn star have more ceedibility that the President of the United States
I deactivated mine. Zero interest
I'll be deleting my account.
#FacebookCorruption #FacebookBigotry
He's working with FBI hope trump is exposed as quick as Cohen having sex records on him nah we will stay with fb
This is the sort of reference I would expect from the sort of people who are asking the incredibly dumb questions Zuckerberg is facing.

TODAY, Sen Ted Cruz, specifically asked Zuck why he censored Diamond/Silk’s FB page. First time Zuck started to sweat .Cruz was great. He accused FB of intentionally shutting down Christian,conservative FB pages and promoting pages like Antifa etc. Home run 4 Cruz.MAGA
Nope. They should unfriend the congress and senate. The are the corrupt ones that need to be stopped not Facebook
Yes Mike Hubackee, I don’t have Facebook and neither I intend to get it.   Enough with the BS of Facebook and its hypocrisy.  Yikes!
I knew never to start in the first place
If google tracks your location and all of your searches, why the surprise that Facebook does the same ?
Leave those Unclean Cat Fish Off your line ..and they will do what God Created Them For..Bottom Feeder To Clean dead decaying material out of waterways..Like The Lobster or Shrimp do..Gather Up All that BACTERIA That otherwise kills waterways..
My #Facebook info was NOT accessed by #CambridgeAnalytica Know why? Because I check & utilize available privacy settings before using 3rd party apps. Problem is idiots not taking time to see what info they are giving an app. I am also a senior citizen
To funny Gov. Mike Huckabee, I love your suttle sense of humor; do keep it up. +TheUneasyPlaceOfExplanation+ :-Z
I hate facebook and would happily see them go under, but you, sir, are an elitist.
Zuckerberg has said nothing to make us feel safer!
I deactivated my account a month ago
Their idea of posting political one side info, WELL I sold my shares
But sir, they didn't even put Zuck under oath! Just a side show.  Appalling how inept so many Republican Reps have become. MUST start taking STRONG STANDS FOR OUR @Potus & also denounce the Mueller raid on lawyer.
fishing is what you think is important right now??? how about your daughter standing at that podium and lying for the #FakePresident everyday? any importance to that?
I'm done with #FakeNewsBook!
Just did about 5 min ago! #DeleteFacebook
Very few will unfriend... Most people seem to have the attention span of a CATFISH
Yes
No one understands you, Gov. Gasbag. Give it up.
I’m trying MeWe. As a backup and, if people such as you, use it, I will delete FB.
Ugh
I gave up on facebook ...over a year...ago...never to return...boycott
Remember when you were relevant? Me neither.
And when you deactivate your account....
they still have ALL your data...
At least I didn’t see a box to check for the ‘send me all my shit back’ that I posted.
Zuckerpuke is a leaning lefty CEO, and lies like a rug.
When tech companies promise to regulate "hate speech" in the U.S., they are promising to impose their own community standards on otherwise lawful, protected speech.
Sad thing is all your info remains after you shut it down..
He lied and said no when asked if you delete your account does Facebook Keep your information. And he pretends that he’s not politically biased too. Says Silicone Valley is full of the far left and that concerns him. Who is he kidding? Arrogant!
Why isn't someone asking him about censoring conservative accounts? 
Sen Cruz did.
Thanks, must have stepped away for that one ... at the wrong time! 
Yeah more people need to be asking the same question.
Agreed!
I plan to delete Facebook soon. Frankly, I wish Zuckerberg was more like a crawfish at a seafood boil. He’s not even under oath! What’s the point?

Yeah, screw them yankees, right?  They don’t know what a trotline is. You have a platform.  Why don’t you use it as Jesus would-to bring people together, instead of how Satan would.  #bereligious
Watching our "elected" buffoons is the scary part !!
I deleted my FB account this morning. I may miss some invites, events, & information, but I can’t support this creep anymore.
PawPaw please explain agin how them interwebs work?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BcWMZh4AXMz/ 
I think Facebook overstayed it’s welcome in my house. Not enough data privacy controls and trust to bear.
After @realDonaldTrump meltdown over his lawyer being raided a lot of Americans are unfriending him. (If you need a translation then you are just as dumb and complicit as @PressSec )
I understand, Huck! I'm a Southerner!
Zuckerberg has his cheering squad in the seats behind
Would any of this business be happening if HRC had won the election in 2016? Facebook helped BHO in 2012...nothing. Facebook data helped DJT win...we need to punish Zuckerberg.
Lots of softball questions.  Sen Cruz did the best job.
Seriously he can lie. He isn’t under oath. He donated to all there campaigns.

Can’t believe people think we believe this crap
Huckabee is just a regular dude who goes fishin fer catfish by the crick
He thinks he’s funny.  He’s horrible.  Not going to win any parenting awards.  #huckisyuck
Facebook was always creepy to me.  they have no qualms about anyone's privacy except theirs.
I left months ago!
If you listen to Rush you will understand.
I have already deleted my account. Will never ever join them again! Did I say "NEVER"?
I need a translation.   Sorry, I'm a Yankee.
Tie a heavy line to a pier, with leaders and hooks (snoods) tied to it at various intervals. Then run it out across the lake and set a sinker on the other end.  By morning...tonight’s dinner.
Took FB and Messenger off my phone.
God, you are such a windbag.
did that a year ago

I hope they do. This testimony is pure horse manure
Trotlines aren't important knowledge bucko
Gov Mike Huckabee, you have the best descriptions, ever.  I get my daily chuckles from your posts. God bless.
Midge, u r obviously another evangelical christian imbecile. Wake up!
Yeah, he's evil. Gov, u spot on.
You are such an arrogant gasbag.
Amen Governor
Thank you Senator Cruz - finally someone that really cares.
You are Truly NOT Funny!
Do you and @toddstarmes compare notes before you tweet?
Lol you and @PressSec are #Hicks
Yeah, but a catfish with BILLIONS AND BILLIONS of $$$$$!
We don't do Facebook Gov. Huckabee. We were watching the hearing, and fell asleep from boredom. We definitely smelled that Catfish Smell . It was too pre-rehearsed!   
He looks scared to death!!
Many Americans will suspend and others cancel Facebook Accounts.
Nope, once a Gov, the title is yours
Is that about like as fun as a dog alone with your son?
I understand it. How long has it been since you've gone fishing? I'd put a dollar on you not knowing how to set a trot line Mikey boy.
Your large adult son murdered a dog
these Senators look like a grandparent asking a grandson how to use a smart phone. Looks totally ill informed on technology and how Facebook works. GEEZ!
Well he’s not talking to the brightest’s in the world,it’s congress the same ones resisting the people The Zuck is having a great debutcool as 
I deleted my Facebook today.
The Silicon Snowflake  (Zuckerberg) is in the hot seat - but he’s knocking out these “out of touch” senators!they’re clueless!
I have deleted my Facebook I am so fed up
They've all Donated to each other .
Clearly not many... have you seen the stock? 
GOD will not be kind to you and your daughter
I thought Dfacebook was about family and old and new friends NOT!!
Are we suppose to infer it would make any difference?
Are you a real preacher?
I love fried catfish
The Dems keep angling back to Russia collusion, via Cambridge Anyalitics.
No, will not unfriend....I have FB stock and watched it go up again!  Some of these questions from senators was like watching Comedy DC. Dems like their posters too, don't they? I think its more painful for me to watch than Zuckerberg answering stupid questions.
You do know there are people in the middle of the country who also don't fish, right? Just like grits aren't a regular menu item in the Rust Belt like they are in the South. 

Southern culture ≠ all of American culture.
Actually you can now by Grits in a lot of states. Truth! Lol
Zuckerberg is hooked! I got off FB a few years okay & i have no regrets. I talk to people i want to talk to.
I agree sir
What’s the difference of people taking ads out to influence someone or listening to fake news trying to influence someone. If I believe a fake ad...my bad. If I believe fake news...my bad. OK let’s have regulations on Facebook and Fake News.
I can’t read catfish on a trotline, without following it with “sun sets about nine, this time of year.”
I deleted it 2 weeks ago. I'm sure many will do the same.
No but I wish those senators would get off. You notice most on Twitter open to the world. They speak out of both sides of their mouth. They could care less about my security. Just looking for Russian connection.
Why is it having to come to this again,,, every ten thousand years man,,, whii can't the only ones with the authorities be trained in the exact esoterically to straight talk translations of whii don't go after that white house 
Man this is tough
The Blockchain model is replacing Facebook. Like Myspace, Facebook will depart soon.
He’s what we call a “Catfish” here in Kentucky, ALL mouth and NO ass!
