That @PressSec sat and absorbed intense criticism of her physical appearance, her job performance, and so forth, instead of walking out, on national television, was impressive.
I’m sorry that her parents had to see that, I couldn’t imagine how painful it was. She is so extraordinary poised and graceful. I know you and mom are extremely proud. God bless your family.
Your son tortured a dog to death and you covered it up.
A Vicious, vile attack is what @realDonaldTrump does everyday.  If your precious snowflake @PressSec can't take a joke she's in the wrong line of work.
You should be really proud, you raised a beautiful, smart and classy lady. We are proud of her!!!
WHCS Schlrshp winners, Proverbs14:6-9,amocker seeks wisdom&finds none.Knowledge comes easily 2 discerning. Stay away from fool u will not find knowledge on their lips.Wisdom of prudent is 2 give thought 2 their ways.Folly of fools is deception.Goodwill is found among the upright.
I’ll make sure to see the kids get a copy of the performance.

@PressSec #SarahSanders IS a joke...
Where were you when @POTUS called @maggieNYT a third-rate reporter and LIED that he never spoke to her?  I pray the kids of this nation never see the video of @realDonaldTrump bullying a disable person or a gold star family.  Unfortunately, most of them have.
@michelleisawolf sounds like a chicken with Down syndrome...
I call for never allowing this to ever happen again?we the people voted for this PRESIDENT and they use our tax dollars for this?time these left wing communist are shut down?there is no excuse for this type of disrespect to happen in AMERICA again?if you agree voice your opinion?
Trying to figure out if this is parody or not. Rather suspect some of the people who liked this were sincere and have brayed about free speech in the past, though.
Try to figure this one out,you can have all the free speech you want,go to any public place and give all the speeches you want,nobody I know of will stop you?they won't come and mug you are shoot you are burn your business down?but we don't want our tax dollars paying for it?
“time these left wing communist are shut down?there is no excuse for this type of disrespect to happen in AMERICA again?”

This sure sounds like you’re opposed to others exercising their right up free speech here. By the way, most of the American left aren’t communists.
Yes sir?most Americans we know,are not trying to destroy the America"we the people"loveif you don't like our president,do like we had to do for 8 years?get over it?by the way how did he do?worst pres. Ever?he is doing something for ALL American citizens not just for illegals?
Trump isn’t the worst president we’ve ever had... yet. Some of the people in his administration are definitely the worst in their roles, though. When I see “destroy the America” I read “wants things for Americans that I hate.”
Michelle Wolf's punch lines lead to an awkward silence. If being compared to Aunt Lydia in The Handmaid's Tale is not intense criticism of her physical appearance I don't know what is? Liberals see things through a double standard prism of what is acceptable than the rest of us.
So what’ll it be, Mike? A popsicle, a pony or Playdough?
@teachak there was nothing to laugh at. Comedy these days is nothing more than a hate fest. You never would have seen the great comedians treat anyone like this.
Remember when you pardoned a man who molested a child and murdered several police officers?

Remember when you sired a child who murdered a dog and thought they could smuggle firearms onto a commercial flight?
Remember when you repeatedly criticized Political Correctness and - and now someone was not especially PC toward someone whom, I assume, care for and now you’re all hopping like a box of frogs. 

Do you need a pony and some Playdough?
Come on man. I do not like what was said, but stop with this "clutch my pearls" response. You support Trump. Donald Trump. Go look at exactly what he says, and does.
These people r vile liberal idiots
They have no clue why @realDonaldTrump is President
It's them in a nut shell
They need to look at an election results map of counties 
Real people woke up to end their progressive dreams
Majority didn't vote for him. Stop crying, little snowflakes.
one father to another @GovMikeHuckabee much love prayers and blessing for you and @PressSec nothing harder than to watch you beautiful baby girl be attacked and not be able to help. I have 2 girls of my own. You raised a strong woman, she’ll come out punching I’m sure. God bless
Raise your girls to not be paid liars.

YOU SHOULD BE PROUD OF YOUR DAUGHTER. SHE HAS GRACE AND DIGNITY THAT THOSE LEFT FOOLS HAVE NO CLUE. THEY ARE ALL GOING DOWN
You know, it might have been harsh—but not untrue.  Your daughter has participated in a pretty hurtful administration.  And she lies.  The truth is ugly.
I wish Sarah the best and the strength to let such a vile attack roll off her back. The MSM is a bunch of sick elitist and American journalism is dead.
So when it comes to bullying as you call it, it’s OK if Trump calls people names and liars with constant insults, but not OK when you attend a comedy night for the WH Correspondents Diner and it just happens to be “your own daughter” that gets some jokes thrown her way huh?   Sry
What would you know about souls
I dont know much , maybe you can tell me about them.
Look, Daddy Huckabee, this picture quote is your poor little victim’s boss. You’re not allowed to complain about jokes when you helped install this jerk into the presidency after he did this. #WHCD
He didn't put him in office we the people did, get used to it he is your president! 
“We the people” elected Hillary by a margin of 3 million votes. A defect in our Constitution allowed trump to be installed as president against the will of the people. 

I can’t believe I just replied to a bot.
You're really out of touch, the electoral college is what puts a president in office! The popular vote is in question, due to all the illegal aliens that voted! Why do you think the Democrats want open borders? Illegal alien votes!
What is f0ur p1us seven? 

If you are not a bot, you will be capable of answering that question.
You don't even make sense, that's the problem you out of touch with reality! What are you the Riddler?
Ok. It’s official. You’re a bot. 

That’s actually good news. I’d feel sorry for you if you were a person. 

Neo is coming for you.
I don't text Dembo, it's sad that you don't even know what a person is! What are you a Nazi?
You voted for the end to snowflakes & libitards
YOU GOT WHAT YOU VOTED FOR
Just following dear exhaulted leaders’ example when you said we were all too PC for you
Which is it Mike?
I am more concerned about how unAmerican you are making America for my children
YOU made it clear..

I agree, Governor!  Not to worry...anyone with half an ounce of common decency knows Sarah was unnecessarily attacked...and what was said was in no way close to the truth!  Anyone with half an ounce of intelligence knows who the classy, elegant, and intelligent woman was...Sarah!
Thoughts and Prayers motherfucker!
Hey mike remember that time you got your son off after he murdered a dog?
But you were fine when Trump ridiculed Haberman.  Hypocrite
Gov. Huckabee, I love your family, I am praying for you all. I am sorry there are so many uneducated ugly humans. Hugs to your family () and  she's an absolute joy to watch. She truly is a hero in my book. God bless
Lets not forget one of your kids hung a dog up by a rope and killed it for fun Mr Sanders. Those in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Huckabee*
Why do you hate the first amendment?
Why can't you people have any class?
Class like this?
I don't think the word class should come out of your mouth, because libs have zero.
You can't address Trump's lack of class and his mocking a disabled man?
That was fake news.
It's not fake news. He really did that. There is a video of it.
She too far gone....
We were very proud of Sarah, as she showed the ultimate class and professionalism. Well done Sarah.
And if you want to see a mass collection of crazy leftists that’ll ensure the 18 and 20 elections, check out the replies to that tweet. Those leftists are nuts. 
If @PressSec didn't lie, condemn a free press, or peddle "alternative facts", bigotry and bias on behalf of a wannabe autocracy, she might avoid public scrutiny.
were you praying that @realDonaldTrump would never criticize another persons looks like he did Carly Fiorina or Heidi Cruz or a disabled reporter?  You're a fucking hypocrite!  You enable trumps deplorable behavior and then pray other won't do the same?
#bullyball
Remember when your son beat a dog to death and you didn't demand a public apology? I guess there was no political capital to be gained - how very Christian of you, Mike.
Poor Sarah Huckabee Sanders daddy can dish out criticism, but can’t seem to take it. You have an ugly kid who lies. What did you expect? #UncleSnowflake
Daily, da Amerc ppl have to endure @PressSec standing at the podium lying "unapologetically," with the look of disdain on her face. She disrespects reporters, snaps at them like they're kindergartener & she's a mean teacher. Feel sorry for Sarah Huckabee Sanders? No way, any day.
Your daughter has real class Sir. In contrast to Michelle Wolf.
Michelle Wolf is a genius. The Huckabees need to be sent back to Arkansas and never allowed out again.
#BLACK Woman
#RachelDolezal #whitewoman
Is this what YOU look like? What's your point?
#BLACK Woman
My point is that’s she’s far from black. I thought you were indicating she was black. #mybad
No bitch, I'm Black.
#BLACK Woman
Wow. Another angry liberal. Who woulda thunk it?
I praise Sarah for her amazing strength.  She's obviously a very stable and mature classy lady. An excellent role model.
Sad your daughter is wonderful at what she does
Snowflake

I hope her kids don't see her Press Conferences where she stands there and LIES to the American People on a daily basis. 

THAT and being part of a traitorous administration are THE things that should bring Sarah shame, as well as you for exposing your daughter to and supporting!
Lol young lady you have some serious anger issues
The Huckabees are the most special little snowflakes out there. It was a MILD roast. If you can't handle it, stay home. Pathetic.
Laughable that they even TRY to BULLY a BEAUTIFUL, SMART, FUNNY young woman like Sarah Sanders!! Nothing there to BULLY except FEAR OF HER IN THEIR OWN MINDS!! Hey... SHE’S GOT THIS!!!
YOU GO GIRL!!!
I am so sorry, @PressSec. No one should be subjected to this. Ever. On behalf of decent Americans, we apologize.
Decent Americans don't support a woman that lies.
While I may agree with many of the negative comments about SHS I still think the "comedian" was out of line. Her performance was crude and not up to a standard the White House correspondents should demand.
We love you & Sarah. Sarah handled the vile attack with grace & class. Nobody deserves to be treated like that. #SwampMonstersDinner formerly known as the #WHCD. God bless you Mike & Sarah & @POTUS
But Trump's:
“Bleeding badly from a face-lift” Mika Brzezinski
"Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that?” Carly Fiorina
“Disgusting (check out sex tape and past)” Alicia Machado
“A neurotic dope!” Maureen Dowd
“Wacky” Congresswoman Wilson 
pretty much OK?

do you need a cry closet, snowflake?
Psst, a-hole isn't civil, snowflake.
True, but I never said I was did I? Me a snowflake? Now that’s funny you’d have been better than that “comedian” last night
Thanks for the editorial, oh and the authorization comrade
You slid into my comment, snowflake. I didn't seek you out.
Gov. Huckabee, I knew @maggieNYT must have been as shaken as all of us, decent human beings.  
IMO Precisely for one’s children one must stand up in those circumstances and leave to show our disapproval. 
We should never be victims but proudly defend our dignity. EB
They should have thought about how it would look when reviewed in history, to protect their reputations and dignity not hers. She deserved to be called out for her lies and how she treats people but maybe somewhat more professionally
"more professionally"? Jesus fuck!
Reminder, this is the guy that said this:
https://twitter.com/GovMikeHuckabee/status/828038149775450112?s=19 …
Glass houses, Mike...
Breaking news from Hollywood!  Sen. Chuck Schumer cast in lead role for remake of "Boys Don't Cry."
That's funny
I think Sarah Sanders is a lovely young woman, inside & out! 
@PressSec is an amazing role model for young women all over the world. She’s beautiful, intelligent and confident. Love her.
Sarah is beautiful, smart, and extremely effective as PS.  She showed more class than the rest in the room and especially those who laughed at any of those horrible jokes.  You raised a fine daughter and you deserve to he proud of this exceptional young woman.
I don’t think you comprehend words well. Sarah lies everyday for that assclown Trump-we all know it; just because it’s a job doesn’t make her noble in her profession/The fact that she’s not called out minute by minute by the legitimate press is criminal; That is the real disgrace
The party that is fighting for women's rights and empowering them, just took a turn for the worst! Now, degrading women! We won't forget! Pussyhat?
I pray your son doesn't kill any more dogs but I'm not holding my breath.
???
Tweeted by the guy who blocked you on Twitter @peanut_brigade
Huckabee used to make fun of people & to insult them, but he can't take the heat. 
You are always in the dark aren’t you?
You mean Huckabee is always in the dark!
Can’t handle the bully getting bullied?
What good does it do to pick on and insult someone? Does it make you feel big and bad? She is a woman and mother, doing a job she believes in. Who are you to criticize that.
Think of this as locker room talk and you'll get over this, weak little snowflake.
Big difference between a private conversation on a bus between two men and what happened last night. We saw a room full of liberal media attack a woman based on her looks and her weight while she was sitting in the room. And their excuse... Her boss.
I watched the whole thing with my husband. WE didn’t hear a joke about Sanders’ weight. Only her make-up...and her constant lying, which is absolutely true.
Lying? So you have first hand knowledge of this?
Her kids are going to watch her come out every day and lie to the American people and have a nasty attitude towards the Press she deserved everything she got
Does the Press not have a nasty hateful attitude towards her?
Apparently you don't watch the daily briefings she talks down to him like their dogs not to mention lying to the American people every day when we pay her salary she deserved everything she got
It's only a lie, because you can't think out of your little box you're in! There is a real world out there, open your ears and eyes!
She flat-out lies about known facts you have no credibility if you can't see that go away
I'm a leftist liberal and  can't take diversity or debate, if you don't agree with me you're racist! Pop the bubble you're in, and open your eyes!
It has nothing to do with opinions or views it has to do with having a vile disgusting president and everyone around him lying everyday , grifting and embarrassing us to the rest of the world
go away
I have a pony, popsicle, and Playdough for you and your daughter to cope. 
“we the people” did not for for trump. If you remember he lost the popular vote
You’re beautiful daughter could pass for Marie Osmond! Sarah is funny, charming, quick witted & beautiful inside and out unlike the comedian wannabe, Wasserman Shultz look-a-like at the podium! We love Sarah!
Watching the Democrats behavior shows us where all these kids are getting bit by the bully bug.
Reported. Though I know that you were able to collect your rubles and will concoct another game profile.
Governor, we love you and your pretty, pure class daughter. Sarah is one cool cookie. SHS is the presstitute slayer.
Sarah and Kellyanne are Donald J Trump‘s living angels. The last election proved that we are a free people and God is not dead.
Pray harder.
Are you still pulling this out?  He did the same thing about Ted Cruz.  It’s not about disability, it’s making fun of their ignorance.
Bullshit. He JUST said he couldn't watch the Paralympics.
She’s a wonderful woman. The ppl who slandered her should be punished
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch the White House Correspondence Dinner!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and Playdough to cope!
YOUR DAUGHTER IS A PAID LIAR.                 THE APPLE DID NOT FALL FAR FROM THE TREE!
The people who enjoyed that display last night only revealed their own characters as shallow, nasty, and venomous individuals.
Do you still support this?
What happened to Karolyn?
Sarah deserves a Nobel Peace Prize for taking the high road. SHC is a righteous woman who is beautiful, smart, and strong!!
Delete your account.
Remember Wayne Dumond? You should pray for yourself
We LOVE @PressSec Sara!!! She is exactly what I want my granddaughters to be when they are grown...grace, intelligence, dignity and class! Please give her our love.
Not sure if the so called comedienne has looked in the mirror lately but she looks like someone backed a car over her face with all those wrinkles!  Not sure where she got off criticizing another persons looks?
We the people love Sarah she does an amazing job everyday. Sadly their are heartless vile people that are cruel without a moral conscious stand tall Sarah you are stunningly beautiful with a heart to match.
You mean the fake news from the failing New York Times, lol.
I’m not sure I could show the same restraint if one of my daughters was attacked like that but I admire your professionalism.
If you don’t denounce the president you’re a fucking joke. He’s responsible for this discourse, he set the standard, and you are responsible got him. If you’re grandkids ever see this, it’s because of y
Sarah is an inspiration and is to be respected.  Honor and dignity; something some of these soulless media types don’t understand. At least some like Maggie have class.
She didn't denounce, don't be fooled.
So many snowflakes...
What ! your daughter covers for white noise in the White House.. she does.. is her makeup a little overdone at times .. it is.. she looked pretty last night .. tomorrow she will undoubtedly lie for him again..
You lost your credibility to invoke prayer when you decided that politics was more important than the pulpit. You used to be a man of honor but now you have cast your lot with the other money changers in the temple. #mikehypocricy
Governor you forgot to thank Sarah for her daily attacks on our democracy and the first amendment and her constant defense of the indefensible...so may I?
I think to myself, “ Did anyone teach these people as children how to treat their fellow human beings?”
Next year they need to serve spam on a bun to these cretans.
I also hope they don’t see her rudeness towards other people (learned from Dad?) who disagree with her, or who dare ask a question. Vicious, vile attacks are a daily occurrence with your prez.
“When we speak evil of others, we generally condemn ourselves.” –Publius Syrus
“Any fool can criticize, condemn & complain but it takes character & self-control to be understanding & forgiving.” –Dale Carnegie
"He who throws dirt ends up losing ground." - Unknown
Sums up #WHCD
Sara Sanders has more beauty, class, intelligence, guts & soul in her little finger than that whole room full of people.  There were a lot of pathetic people at that dinner Sat.  night.
Price you pay for advancing all the lies of this administration. Perhaps she should find another line of work. Not condoning bullying, but dang that 1st Amendment, huh?
I wonder if you were as appalled when Stephon Clark was murdered by police?

When did it become okay to be more offended by what someone with no power says than by what someone with power does?

If you're upset about anything Michelle Wolf said before "Flint still doesnt have clean water," then you're upset about the wrong thing. #WHCD
I cringe inside thinking of how that must of felt for Sarah, my heart goes out to her, sending loving energy her way.
Her kids have to see their mother brazenly lie every day to the American public. You should be more worried about the effect THAT has on them.
I'm not a real sensitve guy but Tear's came to my eyes during this attack on Sarah and Kelly Anne.   We Republican Conservatives need to get tougher on these types of attacks.
You mean the truth?
I’m sure @PressSec kids are more mature than the bullies last night.
Right the same way you and others in your party talked so bad  about President Obama? #Hypocrite #FakeChristians
Governor: The Left is a perpetual victim.  Always searching for a political pacifier to suck on.
I didn’t see it but agree insults about a person’s physical appearance are inappropriate. Maybe now you get it why we think your kid’s defending this kind of behavior @realDonaldTrump is offensive.
Aw, let the kids watch
And I pray that @PressSec had the guts to stop lying to the White House press Corp, her kids, and the American people. And you should too.
Liberals: They have the media and "comedians" to abuse conservatives verbally, and Anti-Fa and labor groups to bully and batter when words just aren't enough.
You fraud!  You tweet this garbage ...”Jim Comey has started wearing Depends because he didn’t realize he was leaking.”
Press secretary looked beautiful at the whcd. Where is the outrage from the so called women’s group. Apparently if you are a conservative woman. You can be insulted in the most vile way and no one says anything
Idk. I pray her kids can grow up halfway normally with a mother who has sold her soul to the devil and chooses every day to either lie herself or spread the lies of the traitor she supports. 
I pray RBG's children and grandchildren never see your horrible Tweet about her. Why do you never apologize for the awful things YOU say? I don't think Jesus will be welcoming any Huckabees with open arms. Especially your dog killing son.
Nah, Maggie- I've lost all respect for you. Impressive is her standing up for America and stopping her lies and bullying ..actually putting God and Country first-- that is what would be impressive. Shame on @TBN for being a party to these attacks on America

If I had a daughter who lied daily for a living, I’d be the first to roast her sorry ass, eyeliner be damned!
Governor, God bless you and Sara
Having fun blocking all the people supporting that thing, Wolf
I pray they never get bullied as working people and voters, like the American people do by this president and your daughter, every goddam day.
Your beautiful daughter handled herself with grace and dignity. I know you are proud of her!
She is only trying to distance herself from @michelleisawolf . Don't buy into it.
It revealed the nastiness of what is now known as “the left.” 
It’s gonna come back and bite them because America is classier and better than that.
What a hypocrite. What about the kids of people the president calls names daily? Do you care about those kids?
I have two words for you DONALD TRUMP...he can bully people, say hateful disgusting things, mock disabled people and I don’t hear you calling him out..the hypocrisy of the Christian Right is so egregious...you and your kind are going to bring about the death of Christianity

Donald Trump threatened a US Senator yesterday, last week said his former FBI Director should be in prison and was an hour away from Flint last night and did NOTHING to help the people...…
Sarah Huckabee I am so proud of you you showed your upbringing last night you were a lady you handled yourself properly and with dignity as my kids would say YOU ROCK
You are too kind. If it was my daughter I would punched her in the mouth.
@GovMikeHuckabee, where are your denouncements when @realDonaldTrump viciously attacks women, handicapped journalists, seanators, Hispanics, African-Americans? This is hypocrisy: when someone rightfully called @PressSec a liar, you became indignant simply bcs she is your daughter
Lying POS
@PressSec
The message from the WHCD was that bullying is fine and encouraged. Time for Margaret Talev, President Of the WHCD to resign .
It was nothing less than despicable!!!!

reproach
rejection
hostility
hatred…
What about your dog killing son?
First thing I thought of was I hope her kids never see that. But If anything like their mom I think they’ll be just fine cuz she is TOUGH. You should be very proud of how she handled it. Ive never seen anyone sit there with such grace and class as she did last night through that.
She who laughs last laughs best.  Shouldn't be too much longer now.
Like your son bullied that dog to death, Mike?
Too hot in the kitchen? You're such a puss. Truth hurts buddy, and until you can accept truth, your butt's going to hurt.
"Now, pass me some more gravy."
Why don't you pray for her boss to stop being a bully?
SARAH the warrior kicking add and taking names.Just one wish she had a Mic so she could make her Toast at that Roast!
Honestly, how anyone can condone this as comedy is beyond me. No doubt sarah will have the last laugh. Remember when Obama ridiculed trump during the #WHCD. 

Brave people like Sarah will rise above this and triumph and create history. They will never let the bullies win.
It's called a roast.
She never said anything about her appearance that's in your mind. Your mind is in the gutter
Wait ... aren't you a comedian now too???
And I hope you likewise denounce @realDonaldTrump bullying of people both verbally and on Twitter. I’ll wait.
I'm sorry you had to go through that that must be horrible having to see your daughter go through that.  The mob mentality of the left has gotten way out of control and needs to be stopped immediately
Amen !
Your daughter:
She got what she deserved... Trumps little LIAR!
Stop acting like a snowflake.
You’re daughter is FABULOUS!!
We LOVE Sarah @PressSec !! She has more class in her little finger than that whole room of sanctimonious prigs.
Can the LGBTQ comm, immigrants, women, & African-Americans reference this tweet in the future? Because if this is your sensitive response to words, that’s fine. Our response to bullying policy should be completely understandable to you.

Advice: #GoWithGod & turn the other cheek.
Sarah looked gorgeous! I know you are very proud of her @GovMikeHuckabee and so are we. The ugliness shown by these leftist nobodies is reprehensible !
Sarah has more beauty outside and inside than these #FakeNewsJournalist do in their entire bodies combined #SarahIsBeautiful #GodBlessSarahSanders How dare they treat her so disrespectful, unlike this non funny scank  Sarah IS a class act 
It is sad that there is a yearly press event that exists only to ridicule and hurt each other, yet these same people try to teach their children not to bully and be kind. Please evolve to 2018 instead of 1960 “what you do to one you do to all” WTH up!
Hope they never read your nasty tweets.
Do you also pray that her kids never see that tape of your president talking to Billy Bush?
You should check out the definition of irony.  You can google it.
Stay whining

Love Love Love Sarah!!!!!!
GOVERNOR MIKE YOUR DAUGHTER SARAH IS A PRODUCT OF GOOD PARENTING!!!
Have you called out the personal insults the President throws out on a daily basis? Because I pray all of our kids never bully people the way the President of the United States does.
Did your son torture a dog?
How about that dog your son tortured and killed?  Do lying Sara’s kids know about their uncle, the dog torturer?
Your daughter is far from cordial during the press briefings. She shouldn't treat people like dirt & then expect them to sing her praises!
Poor Trumpers...
Hey F@tty..
There was no reference to her physical appearance. http://Not.one .
Sit down and shut up Huckabee....you are a first class fool and your daughter is a liar on a daily basis
Don't thank someone for doing what should come naturally!! She's virtue signaling. Nothing more.
You hate first amendment almost as much as your son hates dogs
I just wish they would have gave her the mic
Bullying is Not Cool!
