I used to like her, but since her role on @TheView has changed from talk show host to Trump bashing host...I can not even see the show without immediately turning it off.
That makes ONE of us.  
Her politics are off the wall...but I like to believe deep down she has some Guinan qualities to her! 
Love you....Whoopi not so much....
We always loved Whoopie Goldberg’s Movies. But seeing her on The View sadly has changed our image of her.
have your adult sons on
She’s a POS.
I'll be watching!  Haven't missed a show yet!
Gov, you'd better do more research on Ms. Goldberg's political spectrum.  I believe she's located somewhere between autistic and communistic, but doesn't have the personal integrity to admit Trump's policies are working. You might want to re-evaluate this
@WhoopiGoldberg 
Always enjoy your show!

Many Studies Agree Lying Causes Premature Aging. 
So sick of you cucks trying to appease the people who hate us.
Can't imagine Whoppi having any respect for you!  Your views and moronic comments r totally nonsensical!
If you’re talking about some of her bizarre conservative leanings, don’t worry, we already know. It’s why I can’t watch her.
and that makes me question my fanship of @TheView -- viles unite on @TBN
NOTHING can ever make me Like Whoopi Goldberg! You don't know MY STORY! She and Joy Behar are Two of the Most Liberal of Democrats! I hate that Radical Liberal Show "The View!"
The story from Candace really changed my thoughts....especially about Whoopi....i thought she was the reason Candace left the View
Awesome
I’m shocked!!
I liked Whoopi’s acting, but not her politics. Can’t see what would change that, but we’ll see!
It would be surprising
I love Sister Act II 
Interesting.
Always remember that she was Ted Danson's girlfriend for years.  Clearly there's something special about Whoopi!
Governor...Thank you. In a world that is sick.. dark and hopeless...you are a shining beacon of light...You make such a difference in this world.
LOVE Candice, though!
I have it DVR’d just Incase I’m not home. Love your show!!
She is the sweetest, can’t wait.
