DUDE!  Who handles your Twitter feed? This is the epitome of an old white guy trying badly to seem relevant ... give it up.
Relevant enough for you to follow my twitter feed and even comment, I guess there is no stopping me now.
HA!  Well, I don't have the time or patience to follow your archaic feed, so I took care of that. Tell your Social Media folks nice try.
So why were u to begin with. You should only follow the feed of people with ur mindset ( u know, unintelligent, don’t know how to be nice kind) & leave the Gov alone

Can’t stand the Bushes, Clinton’s, Obama’s all one in the same, really did USA dirty over the years, New World Order ring a bell!!
Congratulations to Governor Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) on reaching 1,000,000 followers!
1,000,000 followers... 
I’m struggling just to get to 500!
Why put a RINO face on your good news?
Check it out Huckabee is just as fake and a fraud as his daughter. @PressSec
True measure of a man....
so next you invade a country for 8 years and totally fuck it up, is that what you mean by the pic?
GOP Rep. Charlie Dent Resigning 'In the Coming Weeks' https://shar.es/1L9fDp  via @RollCall
Too soon?
Looks like the Looney old guy down the street has figured out what GIFs are.
For some reason, I remember that banner being much bigger...and W being in a flight suit ala "Top Gun." I think I also hear "Highway to the Danger Zone" in my clouded memory.  Fitting.
Congrats, not surprised!
#Congratulations !!!!!!!
Pride? 

@GovMikeHuckabee You Sir are AWESOME!!!
Buying lots of bots to “up” his numbers
You are So funny
Thank you. 
Mission accomplished! Oh....doesnt that mean you don't really have a million followers then?

Not bad for second best Huckabee on Twitter.

Congrats!   @PressSec
Nice! 
Yes
370,000 dead from the “mission” (that to date is still not “accomplished”) including thousands of US military personnel, but hey, you posted a fun photo to celebrate your follower number, right? I can see where your daughter got her bullshit photo posting lessons, Mike.
Correction: 1,000,001 followers.
Congrats Sir MISSION ACCOMPLISHED use it often ;-)
Congratulations Governor!   Well deserved! 
Wow. Congratulations. You deserve it. Much wisdom and humor. I enjoy reading your tweets, especially when you are defending our great @PressSec. The apple does not fall far from the tree.
True.
You know what they say...there’s an ass for every seat. #hypocrite
Well deserved! Always entertaining! 
oops-999,999 now 
One of THE WORST PRESIDENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY. And did you forget how this man RUINED OUR ECONOMY????
@HillaryClinton has 22.5 million.
Missions Accomplished!!  Lmao 
Congratulations Mr. Governor!
Congratulations!
We love u Mr Huckabee and ur daughter too!
God Bless you
Your a Great American Patriot Sir Thank You 
#MissionAccomplished Next goal: one hundred billion lol
 I’m proud to be one of those followers So greatful America has you and your wonderful daughter fighting for American’s freedom
Gov.. Im a follower and i think you're a washed up crook.
Always bring a smile to my face
You have nothing better to do??? This is pathetic!!!!!!
In long ago.
I voted for GWB ....but he helped United Airlines Use the Bankruptcy Scheme for a ROI of $8,000,000,000 per year. The year I was forced to retire due to age ...he helped UAL turn my $100,000 per year pension into $1232 per month. With the 11% Corp tax isn't it time UAL pays back.
Exactly the photo I would expect you to post without my wise counsel.
It’s a cry for help, Chip.
Check those numbers, won’t you? And I have to admit, I don’t follow because I support you. I follow to balance the hateful trolling you do of any one who doesn’t sit in the same pew as you.
Woohoo!!  CONGRATULATIONS Gov!!
Fifth time you bragged. One less follower now, ex-governor, failed Presidential candidate who got his daughter a job to lie. #BlessYourHeart
Yep, the USS Lincoln accomplished its mission (at that point in time)!  But the war was ran poorly and It’s a falsehood to think the middle east is capable of sustained democracy. Islam and democracy mix like oil & water.
You da man GOV!
You got what it takes!!! Congratulations
Congrats, Governor!! 
Sellout.
Congrats On 1,000,000+ followers , your a good man #GovMikeHuckabee
Wow, just WOW!! You do remember how it all went pear shaped after this photo-op, right, governor?

How Mike Huckabee's ouster from the #CMA charitable board reflects the changing cultural standards of #Nashville http://bit.ly/2IqNDHO  
1 million followers equals 0.3 percent of all 328 million Twitter users. 0.3 percent seems a lot smaller than 1,000,000, but the two numbers are equal in this equation.
Most of them gun toting arseholes I expect
ALL hail the gOD that is
 Michael Dale Huckabee
No one can Deny that
(Be PROUD Mike) 
  Onemillion 
Is a shining sun 
(Be PROUD Mike) 
Attention should be paid
to our new lORD, Mike.
you undeniably have
Denied Jesus Christ!
Congrats!  
That's pretty cool. You should tell someone .
 I’m one of them!
At least you accomplished something in life.
Hey, how's Kim Davis doing anyway? 
congurats true american followers ! not  hillary putin russian !
An intelligent, witty Patriot deserves 1M followers. 

And, as always, quality is greater than quantity!

#KAGF8 
Could've come up with a better "thumbs up" pic to celebrate, other than traitor "W"@GovMikeHuckabee .... Just sayin'!!
Did your son say “Mission Accomplished” when the dog finally died?
Ain’t that low energy Jeb Bush’s retarded brother?  It’s a known fact Dubya can’t read good.
still there after 16 years.......what the hell was our intent? to give Cheney oil to run his company
Congrats!  #MAGA
 Congratulations (but if you were a liberal you’d have 5 million) twitter gives liberals fake follower numbers & fake likes. At least as a conservative you know you earned each & everyone of us!

Bragging about popularity is not an admirable trait.
You doing something RIGHT...
Thanks for the reminder to unfollow you.
Thanks to @PressSec 
You should be embarrassed!  But you are not
Also, this picture is synonymous with failure, you incompetent ball bag.

good for you Mike


“I humbly apologize for misrepresenting my Twitter following through bot / paid accounts.  It was terribly wrong of me to falsely inflate my following & pridefully announce 1M.  I ask your forgiveness. As a show of my contrition, I will now delete my account.” @GovMikeHuckabee
Bravo!  Wonder how much those bots cost him.
If you followed back, you'd have 1,000,001 followers
Good!!!
Hey Fuckabee, you haven't said jack sht about Hannity's lawyer situation there and your double standard as well as  @foxandfriends . It's  funny how u a'holes go quiet when u get caught lying and being unethical. U go dark on strategy mode & come out with shameless excuses.
Wow! Bragging Rights, Gov! That is really something to Brag about! That's my Goal on Twitter, to have at least 1M Followers or more! I'm Green With Envy! You Deserve All of Them! I'm one of them too, and I'm a Very Good Listener!
So you believe in quantity over quality?
Nice
Now you’ve got 1,000,001
Following you into the darkness.
Only 330+ million more people to convince that you aren't a sellout piece of shit! Good luck with that.
You're still a fake Christian!
Congrats Governor! You'd have a lot more if Twitter hadn't deleted so many of us!
Mission Accomplished
Yay!!
1,000,243 now!
Congratulations!!! 
You are very desrving...and I deserve for YOU  to follow ME!
Sweet! I was # 601,897
Which means that we now have an official SI measurement for stupidity.
Are you bashing W ? Because he's ten times the man that #CadetBoneSpurs will ever be. And 10 times the Christian too. Or do we judge presidents by how many times they cheat on their wives & call other Americans Sons-a-bitches?
I too want to know the purpose of Bush's photo in this tweet. If it's derisive, I am going to throw a fit that will make your head spin. Governor, I demand an explanation.
Of course you unironically use this picture-
Love the pic!
Plus one.
Good one!
Just because I follow you doesn’t mean I like you, support you or believe a word that comes out of your hypocritical mouth.  #Resist #VoteBlue 
I'm sure not even he  appreciates your using his pic for the likings of Satan... 
Please  honor he and his families right for Peace and Honor for Mrs. Barbara Bush at this time
Congratulations to the most creative humorist on Twitter.  Common sense + irony with unexpected plot twists. I love it.

Hey Mike maybe upgrade to the pro version of this eh? Then you can delete all your fake followers and... #400thousandInaMillion
I did and lost thousands of followers
Wow really???... what a jackass lol!!!!
Congratulations Governor!
Wow. Congratulations.
Your daughter @PressSec has 2.84 million!
Good for you Reverend Corn Pone, and the entire million think you're hilarious.......
Reverend Corn Pone!!!  Ha!
I wonder how many of us just follow you to troll you.  50%?  




Trump has more heat now lol
Congrats!
Congrats Sir!! Love the Precision of the Truth Scalpel you use to cut away the Lies of the left.
Congrats, Gov'nah!
Ok, now pay it forward Mike, follow me! Thanks.
Awesome.  thank you for your continued fight for America
Hey Huck you think you’ll ever win the nomination of the republican you party. Lmao how many try’s now
Fantastic!!!! 
Now you're just trolling....
Keep the humor coming. Congratulations Mike!
Why has Trump decided to drop putting sanctions on Russia. Is it that he doesn’t want to upset Putin
Too bad he never accomplished that mission . . .
Congratulations, your honor!
All Russian bots?
Well done Governor. Congratulations
Unfollowed. Lol
OMG Gov Huckabee you are really milking thisyou deserve it 1 million followers is awesome....you're awesome too
The FIRST 1M .
All that hard work paid off.
The worse President this country has ever had ...... a snake
Him??? Or you?
Huckabee
And 396,000 of them are fake. Congrats.


@Twitter @verified @TwitterSupport 
@cnn @msnbc @npr @cbsnews @nbcnews @abcnews 
#bots #payforfollowers

#shame 

"You shall not spread a false report. You shall not join hands with a wicked man to be a malicious witness.” - Exodus 23:1
so basically the conclusion here is he's gonna burn is that your take Mike Hall? ;)
Oh I believe in the Gospel - Christ died for sins just like these.  

“What shall we say then? Are we to continue in sin that grace may abound?”  Romans 6:1

This is an example why so many miss the Gospel.

I’m calling on the good Pastor to repent.
Tell us Pastor, are you selling or are you saving?

Bots have no souls.
Congrats! I get a kick out of your ridiculous lies! Now I know where your offspring gets it from!
Thankful that you tell it like it is.
Mission Accomplished!
I followed you, take a look at my tweet history and follow me please.
Congrats!!!
Congratulations
w = RINO Globalist traitor DEEP STATE
And zero laughs
Excuse me
You’re excused.
Congratulations!
Gee. Wonder why they didn’t vote for you?  Congrats. Any Russian bots in there? How about girls with big ***s? You know, being popular doesn’t make you a good thing. Look at your President

Ah, I see, before the purge. Old news
And I’m one of them! Love you!!!
When you claim to be a Christian but conveniently forget that vanity is a sin...
Huckabee is great though and his daughter is amazing at her job.
You deserve it Governor, you rock
If your mission is accomplished now, delete your account
Well deserved Truth Speaker 
OMG, a quick look through your followers turns up tons of brand new, no follower accounts, created April 2018.   Congrats, that #Fiverr follower thing has worked well.  Hey @Twitter you might want to check this account for many fake follows!
I used to like him but ever since he has been back stabbing Trump I don’t have respect for him or his family anymore.
Congrats! Guess it goes without saying you won't be reading all your messages from your fans! Awww!! 
I am proud to be one of them
Huck, seriously you need to stop this.

Awesome!!
I was your millionth. You’re welcome

Look how mad you are... I love it keep crying
Congratulations Governor!
topkek
This is pretty edgy and topical.  But thinking long term...this is going to be fodder for the haters.  Maybe that's the point.
Them Russian bots working overtime to make new accounts!
You know Trump was trolling Dubya.... LOL
#MissionAccomplished
Congratulations Governor and many more. 
Top kek
Lol you are nut
You are really going with this picture?
That’s a fantastic picture, and the crew of the USS Abraham Lincoln accomplished OUR mission and came home after a deployment that was over 9 months long. That’s the meaning behind that banner. The media took it out of context.
congratulations!
Congrats!
And I'm unfollowing. Trolling you just isn't worth the pain of seeing your tweets anymore.
And most of them are trolling you for fun.

Salute... Congrats Governor...

One of the best follows on twitter. Congrats
