@WhiteHouse @HouseIntelComm @POTUS 
#IMPEACH @Rod_Rosenstein
How about, Mueller you are under ARREST for being the Uranium one Bagman???? And many other crimes
Perfect. Every. Single. Question.
That was GREAT !!! I hope he considers using these questions somehow.
Mike:  you tried to be President.  Didn’t quite work.  As Governor of Arkansas your state ranked as one of the lowest in education and per capita earnings.  The only people in Arkansas who seemed to fare well is you and your daughter. No more advice, thank you very much.
President Trump it is a set up and Robert is not a good guy. He’s a scum. If Comey is his friend it’s guilt by association
Nice!  Huck, U covered it with 25% of Mueller ??? 

Now, I still don't understand why after 168D of stories bout the $rape of AMERICA, Congress n media SILENT? 
> Stories Fake? Or Soooo pervasive ~ CONG innocent B tiny go?
https://www.bing.com/search?q=congress+%2417+fraud+nov+16&go=Search&qs=ds&form=QBRE …
@FoxNews @CNN @VP @kanyewest
Absolutely!! Love it!!
hang tough POTUS. OUR PRAYERS AND SUPPORT ARE W YOU.
THIS... is AWESOME !!

Create Modern style business card design for your company....
Contact me : +919723888716
Email: A.subhanpocha@gmail.com 
It’s a trap
i would point out that U need a refresher on what OBSTRUCTION is. maybe U should read tweets from atty @SethAbramson , you’d learn reality. There’s been so many lies from Erik Prince to Donnie Jr, to Trump himself, like on AF1 about meeting with Russian plant. U r a clown #gop
you must be a comedian! it’s hard to believe someone can be as stupid as you! we know you’re a fake christian, and a lawyer you’re not! i read the questions you wrote and they really show total ignorance to reality. The Steele dossier has been shown to be about 75% accurate #gop
Judge Jeanine just told us that would be illegal!!  Praise GOD!
FUNNY!!!
A Clinton answer, "Get over this and move on!"
Brilliant!
It's way past your bed time mikey. You should be in bed with your high blood pressure, high collateral and low t count. Go on a diet.
Awesome!!!
Amen Governor.
EXCELLENT !!!!
Now I know where she gets the stupidity and pathological lying!
Brilliant!!

Sir :
PLS tell them to file 4 #ImmediateStay of INVESTIGATION since approval of same based on #FraudOnTheCourt, as did not disclose funding nor lack of verification of #Dossier, and as such that fraud invalidates ANY http://investigation.No  interview until this is DONE
#Your #Fired is what I want to here!
Bahahaha! Sweet cowboy boots, Mike. Too bad you were born in the wrong century.
Kudos Gov. We see where your daughter gets it!

Dear Doofus: trump’s lawyer wrote the questions. Trumps team leaked it. Is there anything at all you are good at?
Hey, "Gov" HICKabee. Why are the majority of your supporters on Twitter RUSSIAN bots and trolls? Check yourself.

Whether Mueller's questions or just those someone dreamed up I believe Trump is obligated to answer to every citizen, no just the brainwashed trolls who say the support him.  Answer the questions Mr. President.  You work for us, no the other way around.
Sorry Jo Mueller has had a year and millions of Taxpayer money and hasn't found anything except that Dems are the ones that lied and lied again. He can use the Hillary defense, I don't remember, I don't recall or whatever does it matter. Hillary defense!!!
Wow...same questions we all talk about ensconced in our home in flyover Country.
Did you type all of this yourself if so you MAY have too much time in your hands
Priceless
Brilliant!!!
Great questions Governor!! Be sure to add, “what were you THINKING” to all of them, because... I’d love to know if he does.
Trump should say he’s never had any intent to break any laws or mislead the FBI...As Comey said, if there’s no intent you can’t be breaking any laws.
Mueller wouldn't stand for any questions! It's a Witch Hunt and he's trying to word questions in an attempt to catch Trump disagreeing with Comey or some of the other Liars! What Trump should be focusing on is forcing Jeff Sessions to reopen the Clinton investigation or resign!
I would prefer #POTUS told Mueller to go pound sand!
Mike we are proud of you helping Donald who needs you more than ever ! He is a Great President!
F you and your 49 questions????
Mr Hucksbee:  Maybe the best you have ever tweeted and you’ve had some excellent ones in the past.
If he’s 290...what’re you pushing now a days?
And another question: Do you realize millions of American voters will not accept you or any other entity removing our president from office? Are you willing to see riots in the streets, or worse?
That is the purpose make into a Banana Republic. TRANSFORMATION
Excellent questions! I'd add 1 more: "Mr Mueller, are you aware that your team's partisan, centered actions to negate the election results, may initate widespread social unrest and even collapse of the US, unless definitive and unquestionable evidence is revealed?
ok
First of all you should be intellectually honest and say Trumps attorney came up with the questions. Second, you should say that the only way to answer questioning by a Special Prosecutor is to do it truthfully. You are playing your base.
You know it’s only a matter of time before trump turns on your daughter; calls her a fat pig, etc.  You ready for that? It’s how he rolls.
You're such a noser.
entrapment!!!!
Brilliant
Thank Gov. Mike. It is people like you that are making the world a better place.
Awesome except #5. I want to know but it’s not relevant here
You just make stuff up cuz your got nothing upstairs......   Heard you are getting a family DOG!!!!!!  Keep your son away
Trump and Sessions show up, "Hold on, I have a few questions."

What does a Democrat have to do to get arrested in this country?

#LockThemAllUp & #MAGA
#2ADefenders #BuildTheWall
#NRA for life #KAG2018
 
@POTUS for #NobelPrize
@SaraCarterDC for #PulitzerPrize

#OnlyJesusSaves

With Trump's tariffs imminent, I did a deep dive for @BW on the congressional districts that will suffer most. One GOP strategist told me: "It’s like he’s micro-targeting policy to screw his own supporters.” https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-27/trump-s-tariffs-could-weaken-the-gop-s-grip-on-congress …
Trump's lawyer just confirmed, Mueller did not leak the questions. Who do you think did?,
You’re both a joke.
They both need to ride off into the sunset (Leavenworth) on swayback addes...
excellent
COMMUNISTS
Gov. Huckabee you're to kind to Mueller . if I was Trump I would tell Mueller you're fired now get the f out of my office , send in Rod R. on your way out
I agree republicans always to nice and commies always go full evil guns on them.why they lose and get there asses kicked .even majority
Perfect. Too bad he won"t be required to answer.
Clearly a family tradition-
Oh look a post from FAKE NEWS Washington Compost lol
Really? What exactly in the post was Fake News- Or I guess you didn't bother to actually read it and you're talking out your butt?
great questions Gov Huckabee
Oh and ur rediculious summary- I guess meeting with Russian Spies to get illegally stolen info- or the funny parts about how they ALL LIED about meeting Russians- But Sir, you were wrong on Ebola-Benghazi-Iran Deal-Server-and Tax Cut- why would anyone think you'd get this right.
You still with the Fake Russian Conspiracy theory? LOL
LOL- So u think all those indictments & Guilty Pleas are Fake too?  LOL- Well if you think the Cybor Mueller doesn't already have plenty of proof, you have no idea about how these things work. I guess you never noticed Trump lies about everything=That EVERYONE has ties to PUTIN
The problem though is that the Fbi/Police are allowed to lie under the law. Don't trust they would answer truthfully.
Oh how I wish someone would ask those questions sooner than later
Hey Gov. Looks like you got #9 wrong- You see even if you are POTUS- you can't fire the guy because he's investigating you and then ADMIT IT ON TV-
Liberals/Democrats are oppressive tyrants.
Clearly SHS failed to tell you the Administration composed those questions 
Don’t worry besides the power of the pardon even this president knows how to count to  the #5th
I like #6- of course you have your facts wrong- Much like your lying daughter but there were ZERO Classified emails- but you keep bringing it up like there were some. https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4609850/rep-elijah-cummings-exonerates-hillary-republican-witch-hunt-blame-accused-classified-emails …
.
Spot on, Gov Mike.
You just keep talking BS Mikey that’s what your good at
Angry like Obama’s religious friends Sharpton, Farrakhan & Ellison???
.
That was awesome!!! 
Who's running and hiding? Thats what happens when gullible liberals watch fake news cnn/msnbc.
Brilliant!! Thank you!! #KAG2020 @realDonaldTrump

LOL it's from fake news cnn. Why not post from a site with more truth than cnn, like the onion.

Yes, I’d like to see President Blimpy try to assert he doesn’t have time to answer the questions, or start blathering about Hillary; that’s sure to help him. Also, you can’t spell “horde”.
He does not need to ask President Trump any questions. Stop this witch hunt & start respecting our president!
Hey Mike, Cambridge Analytical declares bankruptcy. Yeah... We now have confirmation it was owned and controlled by Donald J Trump.
Hello
Read all the questions, Governor . Brilliant and snarky s usual! Thank you for posting!! Maybe also ask him "If inmate 02182-748, Whitey Bulger, were available for work today, would you put him back on your parole to help with the Russian Collusion probe?"
 perfect!
49 questions .. not 45 not 50 ... 49 .. well that is remarkable 7 x 7 = 49 = the Jubilee     ALL is forgiven according to scripture. God is in control.
great job!
Hey ...let chat up
Dude, the questions were written by @JaySekulow anticipating what Mueller might ask. They were leaked by someone in the WH to scare Trump from meeting with Mueller because he can't say two words without lying, like your daughter...
Purported. So instead of spreading disinformation, tell us who in the white house leaked it?
It was probably a FAKE fishing list...like the satire I recently wrote about Crooked Hillary Clinton's interview w/@FBI. This list is a sucker list...."believe this and I'll tell you another lie". We are witnessing the complete break down of democracy in America.
#INDICT #PSKLLC
Huckabee is woefully misinformed, at best or outright lying, at worst. Do some research, if you dare.
In the end Mueller will most likely say what was said about Hillary - no criminal intent and "no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.” Case closed. Time to move on to more important things facing the country.
I agree we should let the investigation conclude without accusing everyone involved of being corrupt... The President harms the nation when he makes baseless accusations and that goes against the oath he swore
Leaked by Trump's own legal team. Trump cant answer the questions without perjuring himself or admitting guilt to obstruction at a minimum.
it is not a crime to THINK or FEEL..................Mueller's questions make it clear he is frantic to find anything to charge the president with.  Mr Trump should NOT ever agree to talk with this man or his gang
Zero impact Mike.
They were written by Jay!
They were leaked by Jay!
Please tell us more about Somali cab drivers.
I'd stick with a combination of 'I do not recall,' and 'Wth all due respect, that is none of your business.'
Also I don't remember or Whatever does it matter.
Y does the potus need 2 answer n e thing tht has 2 do w a fictitious investigation.... It was a set up starting whn ROSENSTEIN wrote a letter stipulating tht COMEY b fired.... Fruit from the poisonous tree...
Hello
I’d figure a self proclaimed feminist like yourself has many things go up his goat ass!!! 

Q50: RM: Did you or your campaign conspire or collude with any national of the  Russian government? #45: No. RM: Seems you’ve foiled the investigation after all...  #HahahahaYeaRight
Well, you're less smart than I gave you credit for.
The "I don't recall" answer worked for Hillary!
It would be more fun to see @PressSec answer these questions using a foreign language to her....TRUTH.
Hello

Great list! But to be fair I think we have to assume that Mr. Mueller  drafted the exoneration letter for #POTUS months ago. Can we ask to see that, too?
We don’t care about your responses. You’re not POTUS. You could never make it past the kids table...
And Hillary couldn’t have beaten Gov. Huckabee either!!!
She wasn’t weighing in on this...
Good comeback! 
Muller is under no obligation to ask any of those questions. Don't do it.

The questions Trump's attorneys leaked?  Those questions?
No, your confusing it with the debate questions that Hillary got & accepted from CNN!!!
Hillary?  The one who isn't president nor in politics anymore yet Republicans can't stop bringing her up?  That Hillary?
Actually, she keeps opening her mouth, never going away!!! 
You can't handle a person talking?  Geez and we get called the snowflakes. GOP be like  "Don't talk, don't roast us at correspondence dinners, Don't say anything!  We will cry!"
Hey I'm not the one who voted for someone with zero experience, but haters gonna hate! 
We’re not the ones protesting in vagina outfits and having ANTIFA rallies vandalizing and destroying property
John 12:42-43 Nevertheless many even of the rulers believed in Him, but because of the Pharisees they were not confessing Him, for fear that they would be put out of the synagogue (congress); for they loved the approval of men (Trump) rather than the approval of God.
He should ask them but I'm sure #Mueller won't answer truthfully
Hi
If your ever pissed Trump off he wouldn't hesitate to FIRE your daughterTrump isn't your friend.
He leaked them himself, you dog.
That reply is pretty long Mike, don’t think Trump would be able to pay attention that long. Plus it’s not in crayon.
Maybe Hillary can bleach bit those too??? You’re a Schmuck!!!
Umm you got me there! 
LOL, please stop. 
Nice family pic you got up. Tell me, any women in your family???
Wow you meanie! Personal attacks, no please stop, stop where is my safe space?
But... but papa! How will you ask them when you're lips are too busy kissing the president's ass?!

Trump leaked the questions, dummy.
Your pathetic
Please rehire chip hinkleman this is embarassing
The list of questions was compiled by @JaySekulow and leaked from the Trump legal team through an intermediary to the New York Times.

The problem is not Mueller.

The problem, as ever, is Trump.
Trump is known as mewling weak-hinged scullion
#Obamalegacy
You don't look so good TD. You may want to see a doctor
LOL 

#ObamaGate #ObamaWorstPresidentEver
https://twitter.com/TrumpIsKnownAs/status/991773695894048770 …

https://twitter.com/TrumpIsKnownAs/status/991774464269529093 …

