BREAKING NEWS: @POTUS pardons former Cheney Chief of Staff Scooter Libby. #ScooterLibby 
President Trump is fixing the crap that W left
Trump gave your pathetic daughter a job, so you have to be his toady. How does it feel to defend the indefensible? Do you have to liquor up beforehand, or is it in line with your moral compass? The latter, I suspect.
Surely you meant out of line...I can't wait till you all are ready to take this battle to the next level.  We are ready for a war... We are smarter, way more strategic, and we follow the compass.
LOL!
Some people  get away with crimes others pay for them. Seems like you don’t like people paying their debt to society for wrongdoing. Unless it’s a liberal.
The UN has proven useless again. Much of the world problems could be resolved without war like actions if the superpowers would not use veto merely as a political tool.

Gees, reminds me of our US Congress, filibuster & posturing with no action!
Unbelievable, Mike
Thank you Mr. President! The last administration saw fit to pardon criminals while ignoring this innocent man! Proud to have a POTUS that does the right thing using his pardoning powers for good! God bless the USA #AmericaFirst #IStandWithMyPresident
Very good move to correct a wrong by pardoning Libby.  Trump has empathy. But why didn't Bush do this year's ago? Something wrong with Rinos.
Wretched Human Being Mike Huckabee claiming that took COURAGE from Trump to pardon Scooter Libby for being convicted by a jury of 2 counts of perjury, Obstruction of Justice, & making false statements. 

Congrats Wretched Hunan Being Mike Huckabee for redefining word "courage."
How can I be like Sarah's daughter and all and Trump and all his Entourage livein an alternative universe..truths are lies..lies are their thruths..facts do not count..what they say are facts are the facts they can never understand truth because it is in their way.
Huckerbee and his daughter Sarah..live in an alternative world..not based on real world real time facts..like trump and his entourage..and most the gop and all trumpers will never know truth.
How ridiculous!
Libby outed a major intelligence operation likely causing US assets to be killed and lied to the FBI about it. Should have spent the rest of his life in prison.
I agree 100%
He did exactly what you are saying McCabe did...so Trump should pardon McCabe.
Weinstein is a good student of Fitzgerald. Power driven prosecutors have no respect for either the rule of law nor our fellow citizens.
He outed a CIA agent for petty revenge, you’re a traitor to the US and should leave.
Really?  What I saw was a way to slap at Comey (who was DD of the FBI at the time and appointed the Special Prosecutor) while also sending a message to Manafort to stay strong and a pardon will come his way.
After the crazy guy tweeted about leakers and liars?  He pardons him.  Sends a message to his cohorts he will pardon them.  We will rise up like never before.  #TheResistance
U r such a distasteful man, with an equally distasteful daughter. U will get ur just rewards from your maker. Special place in the afterlife for y’all
Uncovering CIA operatives are good moves? Pathetic! Elliott Broidy top Republican official paid $1.6 million for an innocent child's life! POTUS who cavorts with prostitutes and you approve of Duggars with young girls! Mike go home!
 throwing palm leaves down for Scooter doesn’t make you look good Fake Christian. You and people like you are the hypocritical dotards that have hobbled our country for years
Guy's a criminal. You think criminals are decent???
Muller is a criminal
Mueller isn’t the criminal Donald Trump is and you know it. Stop spreading propaganda to protect him.
Are you going to kiss his ass to pardon your son?
Your idea of decent astounds me..believe me ,Huckerbee, I believe the Jesus you say you serve would have a different opinion. Read the Bible.
If you break the Laws of Our Land, you can get away with it through @POTUS #ABOVETHELAW #LAWSDONTAPPLY
Pardoning another convicted felon is justice? Yet you constantly screech that Comey is bad (you used to like him)& the #MuellerInvestigation is bad, & the #FBI is run by the deep state.
Your hypocritical embrace of religion seems calculated to please you.
Morality doesn't change.
Nope. Nada.
This just shows your party doesn’t care about obstruction of justice. We all know the president is probably guilty so instead of obstructing justice stop being an unlawful citizen and attacking credible agencies .
NATO should lead not US
Thank you President Trump. You are a good guy. Love you and what you are doing to help our country.
Low Standards.
#tRumpTreason
Well done, President Trump!
Ole Huck loves people who betray America like he does. Huck can't stand it when people have ethics

Joe diGenova, who recently considered joining Trump's legal team confirms his wife, Victoria Toensing, who was also looking at joining the Trump legal team, is Scooter Libby's attorney.
Yep one lying sob pardon another one, grate drain the swamp!!!!!!!!
Amen! Thank you @realDonaldTrump for pardoning Scooter Libby.
When is Michael Flynn be next?
Whoo Hoo!!! Finally justice!!! Libby was railroaded!!!
How about that RNC did you like the baby killing they financed. Their is more corruption Trump brought in than in a dictatorship.
I so hope that some of your conversations were caught on Cohen tapes. Lordy
The person who accuses of others of being leakers and liars just pardoned a leaker and liar and he is the biggest liar of all.
It's about time!  He is a good man!
Calls Comey a leaker and @POTUS just pardoned a criminally convicted liar & leaker in Scooter Libby. Can you say #hypocrite, Mike.
All presidents pardon people, and some of them are not people we'd like to see pardoned, so freaking out cause trump did it is useless and stupid.
Yay
The distruction of this good man has bothered me for years.  Could not understand, G. Bush, knowing this man was not guilty not only that they knew Amitage was.  What a travesty.  Comey needs to be held accountable.  But no he and Hillary are on a book tour.
He is sending a message to the world. You can go ahead and mess with me, but I have the authority to pardon anyone I want !
So decent to you is giving up one of America’s agents? This makes you as big of TRAITOR As Trump. #JesusIsWatching
Liar!!!
You’re the kind of human garbage that would defend the rapist Ana not the victim. You applaud the mass shooter Ana attack the survivors and victims. All in the name of god.  #maga. @PARISDENNARD
LOL...like you know anything about decency.
A daughter to be proud of. LOL
A decent public servant?  You’re as corrupt if you think that, Huckabee!
Special Prosecutor’s are the modern day equivalent of the Salem Witch Trial!
If you are the center of multiple crime investigations I could see how one would feel that way.
This pardon is to “test the waters” because he thinks he can pardon Flynn, Gates, et al
A good start. But, #FreeTheHammonds
YESSSSSSS!!
A wrong has been righted, something GWB should have done. Thank you Mr. President.

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
And Valerie Plane was not a valued public servant?
Yes!!!  Its sad the previous administration saw fit to pardon criminals while ignoring this innocent man.  So glad to have a POTUS that does whats right and iluses his pardoning power for good
Are abortions cool with you now too?
Bush didn't have the guts
Why did Mushy Bushie not pardon him? Guess  I know why osama obama would not.
Again President Trump does what is right.  How could you not pardon a guy named Scooter  Libby Libby on the label label.
President Trump always does the right thing!
IF TRUMP HAS NOTHING TO HIDE FROM MUELLER, THEN WHY IS TRYING TO STOP THE INVESTIGATION??????
Fuck you bastard

It's coming and trump is the target!!! God doesn't miss lol

Amen
So you don’t care he outed a CIA officer as political revenge?
Revealing operatives of the CIA’s identity is ok with you guys? Oh that’s right, trump revealed classified information to Russia. And you say that you love the flag and the anthem. Smh

Animals aren't put here for us to torture and use for food.  #SomeoneNotSomething 
Do you live in an alternative universe?
Ass hat.
Miller testified in 2007 that Libby told her Plame was a CIA agent. Prosecutors used that testimony to say Libby lied.

But Miller wrote in 2015, she’s worried her memory “may have failed me” during the trial, and now doubts Libby ever told her that Plame worked for the CIA.
Scooter gets pardoned so that Manafort gets a certain message from the POTUS.
And Ms Judy Miller still hasn't said a word about the injustice towards the president we elected. She & her Democrat Party hypocrisy is sickening. 
@JMfreespeech
https://goo.gl/images/1FkVqK 
@POTUS break out the Pardon Pen, lots of injustices will need to be put right!

#WitchHunt #DrainTheSwamp
You are wrong again
He only pardon those who are law breakers.
Oh please Louise. George W. wasn’t going to leave his tretchery go unpunished.
You Birds of Corruption sure stick together!
Leave your aviary insults at the door, sir
You are both sick.
#43MustBeEmbarrased
You are seriously senile @GovMikeHuckabee
http://BackPage.com  was seized by FBI for underage sex trafficking.

They donated tens of thousands of dollars to Democrats, including Hillary’s campaign.

Previously, the CEO was even given an award by Mueller/FBI.

I wonder why the media is so quiet about all this. 
He lied, revealed the identity of a CIA agent and obstructed justice. Bush refused to pardon him. At least we know what you think of law and justice. How about the RNC paying for an abortion- you good with that too?
Richard Armitage gave Plame's name to the late Robert Novak. Facts are inconvenient, I know.
Are you friggin insane? You want the Capital police to investigate the FBI? You should be arrested for tyranny and attempting to overthrow the US government. Have you lost your mind?
Thak you Mr President
FFS
This one's for you, Paul Manifort.

Judge Wood frustrated with inability of Cohen attorney Todd Harrison to answer questions about his clients. "Your inability to answer these questions suggests Mr Cohen should be in court with you next time."
Awesome!!!!!
all republicans LOVE traitors.... Eat Shit Mike
Libby just admitted hes guilty as hell
Yes vile godless people like you two don't see any reason why committing a crime should result in a conviction.  After all no god no sin, right?
Possibly angling for a future
  pardon for himself... ... ...
Mike Huckabee may be under
investigation by SEVERAL law
  enforcement agencies.
The law is the law would be nice if the law applied to everyone the same
Are you joking?
Nothing like pardoning a criminal that outed a working cia agent. It's pretty clear what side of history huckleberry is on. The wrong side.
“What’s good for the goose is good for the gander.”
#TheIraqWarWasACrime <<<< #WeaponsOfMassDestruction #Iraq
So then leaking classified information is fine? I’m confused Fuckabee.
Good.

Thank you President Trulp, you have always been a gods and honorable man.
Also Mike Huckabee:
Thank You Mr. President
Jesus is keeping score of all of you transgressions. Including your teaching your daughter to lie to the American People. Libby's fate was decided by an American Jury, just like the folks that are closing in on his Orangeness.
This crap isn't coming out of left field Huck ol' buddy. It's obvious Trump is telling his partners in crime to lie to the FBI and he'll pardon them.
Yeah, pardoning convicted criminals is true leadership.
Oh please, you wouldn't know a decent public servant if one walked up and smacked you in the face.
You are ridiculous @GovMikeHuckabee I read you for comedy. Your funny, except when you try to be funny. Then you're embarrassing.
Libby outed the CIA wife (putting her life in danger) of an ambassador because he would not lie about nuclear yellow cake sales to Iraq from Africa. And you call Libby a decent public servant. The devil has a special place in Hell for Mike Huckabee 
I would point out what’s wrong with your statement but I doubt you have the slightest understanding of what this  case was about. It’s pretty clear someone else is telling you what to put in these tweets.
W or Obama should have done it. MAGA
Same guy who outed the name of American spy? Wow, you even quit any decency that was left in you.
I followed his trial never should have been convicted.  But what made it worse when George Bush failed to pardoned him.
The Liar in Chief is pardoning another convicted liar who was involved in outing a CIA agent, and you're defending it?
It will all come crumbling down for this president soon for systematically trying to smear law enforcement and obstruct justice.
I guess some of the commenters missed the one about FBI bosses altering the 302’s.
Now will the Feds pay him back the $250,000.00 fine he had to pay?
Mike get out and have some fun with your daughter shara .Take to the kids park.That would be a better merry
Go round than the one she is on now.
Thank you Mr. President for having the courage to pardon him unlike your predecessor Bush
Good. Bush should have done it before he left office.
Bush is a coward
Scooter is a crook who fell in his sword to protect Cheney.  He doesn't deserve a pardon.
it would have been nice if Bush had that kind of class
HEY MIKE,,SARAH GOT HER PRISON CLOTHES READY?...@realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @FoxNews
I don’t have a problem with the pardon if it is just but isn’t the timing somewhat opportunistic?
Richard Armitage outted Val Plame to late Rbt Novak.
SURE, ANYONE WHO LIES TO THE FBI ARE ABOVE REPROACH... BUT MUELLER AND COMEY WHO HAVE SERVED THIS COUNTRY WITH HONOR DESERVE LESS HONOR.  TRUMP DESERVES NONE!!!
Lying under oath gets rewards I see
Our President believes in what's 'FAIR' and uses that word, a LOT, then backs it up by his ACTIONS! What a concept huh? Well we'll get used to it as we see HOPE again that we'd lost.
So lying 2 FBI u/ oath & unmasking CIA agent is perfectly acceptable if 1) ur Republican & 2) U were investigated by man in trumpanzee’s sites who’s all over his mendacious, criminal behavior. Got it, check. It's nice 2b King, regardless of ur lack of moral & ethical character.
Pay attention 2the double standard. Trump complains about Comey being a "Leaker"then goes on &Pardon a "Licker". Fuckabee applauds him & condemn the FBI. Trump complains about loyalty & leaking, but ask Russia & wikileaks 2hack our country. U R NOT AN AMERICAN, stop pretending!.
he outed a CIA operative you fool
Maybe he’ll pardon Charles Manson next 
Hey Huck, shouldn't we expect Trump to posthumously pardon Timothy McVeigh next? 
I agreed
He was charged, but then Obama  and Clinton  just outright sold uranium to Russia
Finally Justice . Bad reflection on The HIGH ELETE FBI again . Petty politics and not against the person that released the information . Alsothat George didn’t have the backbone to got what was right. Sad. Pitiful behavior by FBI And George Bush.
Crooks stick together!  Felons unite.
Governor, what is it that I can do as a citizen to see actual Justice from the DOJ and the FBI? because phone calls and emails are just ignored. I feel RAPED as a citizen every time more facts are revealed and nothing is done...unless its antiTrump. Then evidence isn't necessary.
and next @GenFlynn 
If you believe it’s a terrible injustice to be convicted for lying to law enforcement then you can never again claim that you support our law enforcement.
Nonsense, he rejects rule of law and is just doing this because Comey implies @realDonaldTrump is embarrassed that his wife believes he watches prostitutes peeing. #Impeach45
Absolutely a good and right move. Let’s disregard the rule of law. When the United States has been destroyed internally, it’s people like you, and supporters, will be to blame,
Who was convicted of perjury among other federal crimes
Just because @realDonaldTrump and Scooter Libby belong to the same political party as you, doesn't mean they should automatically be incapable of breaking the law in your eyes.  So much for the party of law and order.  You're a disgrace.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders too much for you?
He committed treason.
History will remember public figures like you who continued to hitch their wagon to an ignorant corrupt charlatan and his efforst to generate a Constitutional crises as his only chance to avoid the consequences of his criminality. Shame on you.
Huckabee makes his decisions based on politics only.  A man who claims to be a Christian puts politics above all else, even being a Christian.  I guess he has made a good living selling salvation.
Good god you have no shame. You are a terrible human being.
That “decent public servant” was convicted of perjury.  While I see why you would appreciate the precedent set on pardoning people that lie to government agents, it isn’t going to help Trump or @PressSec

Good!
he was convicted of lying to the fbi & obstruction of justice (re: @realDonaldTrump ), never served a day in prison, got his law license reinstated, as well as his voting rights.  but yeah mike, he gotta raw deal. please please pleeeeaase no more huckabees
A terrible injustice? So scooter leaking the name of a CIA agent and lied about it to the FBI is an injustice? You sir are a disgrace. Guys like you and President Baby Hand’s make a lot of sane US citizens ashamed and embarrassed that you guys are looked at as leaders smh 
Her name was already disclosed previously and the CIA general counsel indicated that her outing never damaged the agency or agents...unlike Hillary’s disclosure of massive amounts of classified information for which she didn’t even receive a slap on the wrist
I’m sure that everyone in the #CIA agrees with you. 

#TreasonousGOP 
#TreasonousTrump
Long overdue .
Yea but he's still guilty of his most egregious and highest crime - being named "Scooter."
So lying is good?? If you are a Republican
Just taking a page out of the Democrats book of lawlessness!
How many Republicans have pleaded guilty to lying currently? It may be a condition to get hired by @realDonaldTrump
You approve of pardoning traitors huh?
