Woman fined $500 for saving free Delta Air Lines snack https://fxn.ws/2qT6Wm9 
Omg that was like 2 peanuts in a bag
Your son killed a dog.

Is she going to have it bronzed?
You know, like baby shoes that proud parents used to hang from the rear view mirror.
Ah the friendly skies.
It is the law.
lil they gave to you for free you dont eat it but save it for later then you are fined. lol what about criminals and illegals we “gave” them freedom here but killed our citizen ?
If it was illegal alien with criminal record and tuberculosis instead of an apple, Colorado being a sanctuary state would not stop the entry. They would give the alien a free car, phone, housing,food stamps and send them on their way. Save us POTUS B 4 Dems kill us all.
Boycott Delta!!!
Then it’s true. Nothing’s free #Delta applejacks
An apple a day doesn’t keep the Custom’s Officer away!
You can't bring in fruit from outside the US
What ?  If it was given to her,  then it was hers !
You can't bring in produce from outside the US
Rut ro, I'm in trouble!  I save the peanuts for our dog.  He loves them.  Don't tell anybody!
Seriously!?..500$ for a freakin snack?..did they think she was smuggling a cancer killing cheeto or what
Ridiculous
shut up and give her $1000
What the heck!
if you don't eat them,they reuse them
Malicious
Why is it ok to bring apples into the US inside your body and not inside your bag. It’s still an apple, it’s just been chewed up and waiting 2 B deposited in a toilet instead of your bag . U R still bringing a foreign piece of fruit into the US, just in a different container.
Wow!
Ha
What?
Our Father, Who art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name; Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread; and forgive us our trespasses AS WE FORGIVE THOSE WHO TRESPASS AGAINST US...
and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Amen.
You call yourself a Christian!??

For the poor shall inherit the earth.

I guess that leaves you out.
Stupid & a bully with power.
Now, I think that's just Stupid! Eat the Snack(s) when she gets Hungry, right! Passengers should be Fined $500 when they Spend Too Much Time in the Restroom, etc!
Unreal
Just a thought:... If she ate the apple and the customs official found out would they charge her for "smuggling" the fruit in in her intestines, like mules do with drugs? Makes you wonder. Also if Delta loaded the apples in France and didn't declare them aren't they at fault.....
Humm??!
???????
Hawaii is very specific about bringing fruits and vegetables onto the islands. DON'T DO IT!
It's announced and explained on the plane before you land. Come on people, hyperbole and misinformation for clicks.
This is nothing new. Everyone's offended by everything.
#FakeNews #MAGA
Killer shoots 4 and still at large while this evangelical ignores.
Sneaking into country OK, but bringing in an apple is really bad...brilliant
Sheesh... Common sense is gone! That is a senseless fine!
No. Your common sense is gone. Produce can bring in bugs.
Ongoing shooting in Nashville. Call. gun lobby to learn what to say fake preacher
And illegals come by the caravan and get in.
Republicans trump villains
Pathetic, Mike...I gather you will use anything to keep your name in 'lights.' You were, and remain a mealy mouthed loser.
That's ridiculous.
Rotten to the core
Ridiculous! Common sense has left the planet!
Everyone’s fault except hers....
Wait...what?
Was she really fined $500? Do you even know? 
BTW
How stupid!
Bet you could get an apple, or a backpack full of drugs, over the border with less resistance.
Hard hitting stuff Mike. Keep up the deep state follies. @PressSec @realDonaldTrump #cellmates
- SHE SHOULD "SUE DELTA" FOR SUCH OUTRAGES "MAL TREATMENT" OF A CUSTOMER. (SMALL CLAIMS COURT) - EVEN BETTER YET MAYBE EVEN "JUDGE JUDY" WILL PRESIDE. - AWSOME
You love apples, but only if they’re smothered in caramel.

How can you be fined for saving your free snack?
Because you can't bring produce into America without declaring it. Simple rules.
WOW..just wow!
Ain't that a bunch of apples!
They caught me lying through my tooth so not to much !

Some people don't think the rules apply to them...
Good grief!
Wonder what the fine would have been for a bag of peanuts...
Probably nothing but you can't bring in produce from outside the US.
Huckabee and healthy snacks. lol

