Pretty sure UK teens are not rewriting the Constitution, but I see where the White House Press Secretary gets her ability to  fact-check.

Keep crying because your dear friends are going out those kids will VOTE THEM OUT  so keep crying old baby
So... you blame yourselves??? Talk to Betsy Devos about this, Mike. Seriously, you guys are in charge of this. FFS.
I believe in the youth
You know that this is a UK paper that supports conservatives... Nothing to do with Democrats and US kids
would you say this is worse than your own kid not knowing about dogs and having to cover for him murdering one

You should continue to insult and ridicule them. They will soon be voters and a big blue wave is coming. November can't get her quickly enough.
The children sitting their GCSEs and A-levels will soon be voters. But not American ones
OH. MY. GOODNESS!!   it has come to this- kids can’t tell time on a clock or hold a pencil correctly, anymore!
I better not respond to this one!
How sad! Well it looks the dumbing down of our children is working.
Sad
So true! What are kids being taught in school anymore? Sometimes very frightening
Sad!!
Here's a newsflash, why don't the schools TEACH them how to read o'clock. Isn't it their job to TEACH?
I bet you have no idea how to read a chronometer.
Or how to read a newspaper article
Now that’s comical!   Thanks for the entertainment
Sad but true.
the do not teach the consititution and the meaning of each article , in school
No big deal. The analog clock is soon to be extinct. How many people still use a rotary dial phone?  Gov, do you still prime a pump before you get a drink of water?
First cursive writing and now analogue clocks. What will the liberals try next. Dumbing down our kids.
Funny but true. A few years I was at the gym. 4 teenage boys walked in and began logging in. All 4 stood looking dumbfounded at the analogue clock hanging on the wall before asking the counter lady “what time is it”?
Instead of removing analog clocks, why not teach kids how to read them.
Time to get back to teaching the basics.  Kids at the cash register don't know how to count back change either!
Geez Huckleberry, seems you have a bit too much time on your hands.  Why don’t you teach your daughter what integrity is?
Perhaps, a better solution is for teachers to TEACH THEM how to tell time!
Specifically name the teenager who wants to rewrite the constitution or shut up

Every time (NPI) I start to think like this I remind myself that old skills get left behind and new skills are acquired. They do not need to read an analog clock but plenty of adults lack skills currently relevant. Inferring  (not smart) is off base. Love ya though Mike!
Gov. and most College!!! Students believe that Jesus was born in Bethlehem, PENNSYLVANIA.
with one hand being "little" and one hand being "big" - it's about time.  What if the little one identifies as big, big as small, etc.  Why can't they be "feet" instead of hands?  Why does it have to be "time".  Well done folks #SJWVictory
Everybody finds you extra already.  Keep offending this generation. you are #irrelevant
One example of dumbing down our society.
Not your society....
I teach 9th graders that can't read an analog clock; the 1st world generational shifts are the same regardless of location.
Mike, your reading comprehension skills could use some work, considering that the article is from a British paper. Here's a thought for anyone that is up in arms about this subject, how about teaching this at home to your own children? Don't leave everything up to the schools.
Every word in your tweet was wrong.  It’s not too late to stop being such a joke.  I used to respect you
You posted a story about another country thinking it was the U.S.  Don’t insult others when you are even dumber.
U raised a liar. You have no right to criticize others!
If I had a baseball team I would want Gov Huckabee batting clean up. Boom baby, out of the park!!

Time for you go disappear you waste of air.
Making more snowflakes!  Why not teach them how to read an old time clock?  Poor darlings!
I'm assuming you didn't (couldn't?) manage to read beyond the headline of the article from a UK paper renowned for knocking hardworking people.
Are you really so daft that you think teenagers "literally don't know what time it is"?
Tick, tock, tick, tock. The time is ...
"KIDS R DUMB" is such a great take
I doubt these kids don't even know what the Constitution is.
Exactly! Because they are in England!

You could say the same thing about our country's nutty evangelicals. They want to rewrite the Constitution, and yet they think dinosaurs lived 6000 years ago. They choose to "pray" rather than take constructive concerning our nation's issues.

Any other groups you like to discriminate?  Publicly?  #lakeoffire
good one Mike
How old and fat are you?
It would take ten minutes to teach students how a clock works.
Can’t count money back to you either.
This article is about England. You didn't even read it, did you ? Ass hat.
I have an idea! Why not teach these kiss to tell time? Would that be so hard? Smh 
Go golfing and how many weekends has been golfing and by the way on one of weekends he could got his wife a present it’s not like he didn’t know is was coming. Could asked Macron to bring something from Paris, just spitballing here.
Students don’t understand what analog means now!!!
Kids will be fine there learning a lot in a short time on how not to run a country and giving nice big tax breaks to the already insanely wealthy probably not trump on how to bribe your way onto Forbes man there is a lot isn’t there and says he will never leave the WH to....
Same thing about draining the swamp haven’t seen that either!!! Oh also like a president that likes hookers and doing a hooker couple days after his son was born or should I keep going man is that Syph contagious u feeling alright?
Can’t pass competency tests but want to rule the country! 
Perhaps the U.S. should look at Japan for some higher learning!
Not to the point of stressing out our children but certainly to  create an educational system that is better than status quo.
- THEY DON'T KNOW HOW TO READ CLOCKS - WHY ARE  WE PAYING TAXES FOR EDUCATION - THEY DON'T TEACH THEM THE "BASICS".
Lol, but sadly true
Don’t worry about the teenagers. Use your time to babysit Sarah. She needs you. All she knows is how to scowl and lie. Take care of her
It is almost time for the downward rapture!
Teenagers are in a constant state that resembles intoxication. They don’t have the sense that God gave a  billy goat!
You really are a vile, mean spirited person.
Their smart and becoming politically savvy. That’s a threat for the Republican BS we see daily.
Our Schools are in trouble if children can’t read  a clock that’s why they go to School to learn
I don't think Mike read the article beyond the headline.....
Come on GOD .....Huckleberries time is way past due.    Strike him now bro
What???  Kids can't write in cursive or read it for that matter AND they can't tell time?
Ya but they can code and and create apps so.....
Don't ask them to find a 1/4th , 1/8th or 1/16 of an inch on a measuring tape either!

Used to be that high school driver’s ed teachers would tell their students to put their hands on the steering wheel at 2 and 10 o’clock. Maybe best that today’s youngsters not drive because they’d be looking down at the time on their smartphones for 2 and 10 and would crash!
Lol, they can't even read the Constitution because it is in cursive
Please, if you can parents, home school your children. The left is so rediculous.
My guess is that you would probably have some trouble operating a sundial too, but my guess is that they can calculate interest and see how they are getting screwed at every turn.  They can also tell time we'll enough to see that it's time to vote your I'll out of office.
Alzheimer patients are given a test, of drawing a clock with numbers and hands showing the time of 11:15. Guess these kids will be the next generation of Alzheimer victims
...and they call this progress.
You can ramble on about that to your now teen caretakers when your in the nursing home. They will know when its time for your pablum by The digital clock same as they would from an analog one.
The teachers are doing a great job!  Are you kidding me! The next generation of teachers can’t tell time!
Wow! It's hard to even believe that's a True Story! Unbelievably Sad, but they're really Savvy with Smart Phone Apps and Games, and can do just about anything on a Computer! Parents need to make time to teach them. Thanks for sending this article/tweet to us, Gov!
Look at this article about [insert article topic]! I’ll bet Democrats will [insert reference to article]! Too bad Antifa won’t [random political reference goes here]!
And today at a private Christian school math 'Bee" kindergartners were shown clocks  and had to answer what time it was. Every single one abswered the clock questions.

Wow!
Try again.
BTW, ask @realDonaldTrump to spell "Analogue"
Tell us about the cinnamon cure for diabetes.
Unless they take the time to learn it, it is not taught as parents rarely have these clocks around either. Also cursive. 
But maybe this is God SCREAMING at your ass to support education and not the rich elite.

Most are smarter than you. You have no solutions to school safety in 20 years. At least they have ideas like don't sell guns to mental patients. Plus they don't cuss and claim to be a Christian like you
Ha ha repubs going to have to learn mea copa cause trump is embarrassing repubs and i am laughing at you and your male ego cause women see you as weak
A sad day.
They know what time it is. Analogue clocks are obsolete, they are like buggy whips to your generation
...it’s time they learn how to tell time...
Teenagers also don't know what cassette tapes are or 8 tracks.
I don't think they're really missing out because of a digital clock.
Rewrite the Constitution in? Where, in their Cry Rooms?

God Help Us ALL.
Tina just don’t know they’re still growing are still learning! But the left is trying to brainwash them
A teenagers\young adults brain is not fully developed until are in the their early 30's and some people never grow up, but that is another issue.
WOW
The woman at the Title Co told me that she now sees people who can’t sign their name because they didn’t learn cursive. Dumbing down Americans.
Thanks to the school systems all over this country. What were they thinking?  Oh that's right, they weren't.  They don't teach anything that will help our children in the real world.
Thanks for the condescending comments toward children. I couldn’t be more proud of my teens and their intelligence coupled with empathy toward others.  I’ve even taught them something of honesty. Sadly you missed that part of parenting.
Well said 
I'd trust them long before I'd trust you or anyone else in the party of child abuse
Democrats believe in abortion.  Definition:  Murder of unborn babies.  Let's start there.  Sorry...I forgot...you don't want to talk...just rant and spew hate.
How are Democrats or anyone else supposed to talk to anyone who won’t accept the science?
Pitiful... Can't tell time and don't know how to write cursive... They are in trouble!
My 10 year old can write code and create video games. Some just don’t get it, these kids are beyond impressive and adapting to their world. Cursive & clocks will become extinct like the dinosaurs.
3rd grade logic meets obama teens. Unfreakingbelievable.
Maybe when they're old enough to vote,  they won't show up at the polls because they don't know what time it is.
Schools are so intent on assessing facts and formulas, they’re neglecting basic life skills.
Omg.
Oh good grief.  Must we idiot proof schools???????????
Am I on another planet ?   Why does are once proud education system have to continually lower its standards to the lowest iq in the system???
We adults in America should be ashamed we let this happen to our children! We have aloud them to dum down our children! It has to stop we need to take a stand for all of the wrong doings Our Federal Government and State Government had done! They use our money to shit on us!
Read the article.
Get the hook.
If both to stupid I'm not vote Anyone
I would think as a governor you would see this a reason to improve our education system, not an opportunity to bully teenagers. But then again you bring this up in an article about the U.K., Maybe you went to a school where they didn't teach you that that is not in the USA
Wanna see a deer in a headlight look from a college grad (not all of course but most) tell them to put in writing and use cursive!
Maybe they don’t like to hear “tick tock”.
Why don’t we just call most schools what they are. Liberal propaganda machines paid for by us the unwitting taxpayers
They can’t tell time? Imagine if all clocks just had the 12 or Roman numerals
I fear for the future of this world I really do
How did you ever become a Governor?
I know this for a fact. I have an adult niece who cannot tell time by a regular clock. Sad.
Oooo k. So digital clocks in the safe space rooms I guess???
Sad and pathetic.
I heard of a college putting in a cry room for all the snowflakes needing a place to cry before exams?
That's was a student-led initiative. It cost the school nothing and they have no involvement in it. It stupid imo but, since it's free, who cares.
Mike, that's like calling me stupid because I don't know how an abacus works. Analog clocks are prettier imo, but outdated as digital is much simpler and precise.
Mike, I have given you a lot of elbow room for growing but now I realize I was wrong. You will not grow because you are incapable of it.  I truly feel sorry for you. If only there was hope.
As usual, truth delivered with wit. I love it! Good one Governor.
Don’t you think the world is 6000 years old?
Do they have democrats and republicans in the UK? Cause that’s where this is taking place.
What time did David kill that dog at Scout Camp?
Home School your Kids! Who’s fault is it if a PUBLIC SCHOOL’S teenagers can’t tell Time! They also can’t read a Ruler or Add and subtract! Thanks Liberals for ALL your achievements

Indoctrination is not education.
They can’t write either.
That just ZUCKS
We certainly don’t want the teachers to teach them how to read a clock for crying out loud. Why would we want the teachers to teach them something so difficult? It takes years and years to master how to tell time. On second thought, Maybe it’s because the teachers can’t tell time
Live in Fl!  We gave up!  :)
What, are you soused? The article is about students in the United Kingdom for shit's sake.
All I can say is they are pathetic...
You seem confused.
This is from England dumbshit
Mike, did you have sundials in your school? Oh what's that, you used the technology that was widespread? Whoaaaa. I can write this in cuneiform if your primitive mind needs that throwback as well.
This British article doesn't apply to American kids... smh.
Yah! Huck you turn back the clock, you certainly have. Next time you have surgery forget the anesthetic. While the intelligent amongst us celebrate moving forward you prefer your familiar path to destruction.

This is manufactured to split us along generational lines

Stop sending your kids to public school

Stop talking shit about young people

Boomers check yourselves, you're in a mental prison that has nearly destroyed this country, don't double down with this generational conflict
This is so true....I had to teach my grands how to tell time on an analogue clock because they had never seen one!
This used to be taught in the first grade.
We all know what turning back the clock means, Comrade Huck  #TrumpCrimeFamily #NeedToImpeach #IVote
You’re insulting teens but at least you’re making sure they have access to semi automatic weapons.  Another totally consistent position from @GovMikeHuckabee.
I fear the future...
School Board I'd suggest to get Psychologicals on each one. No doubts nothing you wish to be passed on to your children. Who are the psrents seems high i probability there are many complaints.. School Boards been pushing their luck many years.
As usual - your commentary is pointless.
Did you read the article? It’s not even here in the US.
GO FIGURE!
Thank goodness my grandkids are Republicans and do know how to tell time.  #FUTURE @sageckidd  @oxSydneyyxo
They just don't know how to vote in line with their own best interests. They're going to love dealing with that record breaking deficit.
lmao shut up Elle no ones talking to you
In fairness Mike, does anybody really know what time it is? @Chicago
Dies anybody really care?  (About time....)
Well there's your problem.
I work at a gas station it is amazing how many teenagers get flustered counting change
I saw a teenager the other day upset that the pump wouldn't take cash. They had no idea you could go inside to pay. It was pretty funny, and a little sad.
Hate to say it but that wouldn't surprise me
Haha. Think that’s bad, what about public school systems that no longer hold kids back because they don’t make the grades. Instead they just pass them on to the next grade.
This is a UK article. These students don't care about our Constitution.
I also saw another report where kids dont even know how to hold a pen or pencil cause basically everything is being taught by computer! Yet at the very least wont they need to know how sign their names? Schooling is failing in america horribly!
Soon they’ll need an app to tell them when to go potty 

Pft I thought I knew it all at that age lol
So you think that is how you rewrite the constitution! The good News is your kind will go the way of the dinosaurs.
TEACH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
U r brain damaged
They missed out on the best years to grow up.  Sad.
They can’t make change, either.
I heard Mike Huckabee rubs one out into the book of Leviticus.
What does it mean ??
