TY for shedding light on the success of #indiefilms with a positive, redemptive message @onlyimaginefilm is a BEAUTIFUL story, written well, cast perfectly, w/ grounded & heartbreaking performances, all at the helm of always-solid directors @ErwinBros.  It was primed to be a hit!
Thank You!
Amen. Awesome movie.
I’m extremely honored to be part of such an AMAZING film @onlyimaginefilm with a wonderful cast and crew.  #DennisQuaid @BartMillard @mercyme @ErwinBros @RealJoeKnopp @IMMaddieCarroll @MattDickerson #Hollywood
Me too 
I'm waiting for the movie Mary Magdalene, but it seems to be nowhere showing in Los Angeles???
Give me a break! Just remember it will never come close to Black Panther.  I’ll bet that just makes all your skin crawl. Hahahahaha.
Black Panther had a solid personal responsibility message too. They are both good movies about positive values.
Wake up east and west coast.. WE The people in middle AMERICA, THE REAL AMERICA!! BELIEVE IN GOD  !!!
And those who don’t believe are not Americans, including those who died for and serve this country?
Why dosent hollywood jump on these? They do so well
If you haven't seen it. I highly recommend it.
Wonderful!!
Movie was good. Best part was that blotus and vpotus were given mentions by title only. Then no actual name mentions and no footage from the National prayer breakfast. Thank you for not ruining my afternoon
It is the stories of redemption and hope and God's love that hits the hearts of so many. I would venture to guess that even non-believers would be touched if they would give this movie a chance.
Want to watch quality family television check out @hallmarkchannel @WCTH_TV #WhenCallsTheHeart @erinkrakow @LoriLoughlin @DLissing @JackWagnerhpk @billabbottHC @MichelleVicary @MPCA_BKTV #Hearties
I freaked out when they spoke of The Chronicles of Narnia the Voyage of the Dawn Treader! I love The Chronicles of Narnia series!
They took out all references to Christianity in the movie and made it more about “believing in yourself”.
We've been hungry for this for a long time! These films haven't gone aware; they've been on "Up channel. It's really nice to see them on the big screen! #faithbasedfilms #faithbasedmovies
Hello, you can watch unlimited #christianmovies on our site. Follow us on twitter:)
God bless you!
#crossflix
#faithbasedmovies
April 6, the Movie,I Can Only Imagine was in 5 Theaters in my area. Sat April 7, went to afternoon screening. Went outside, checked iPhone; it went from 5 screens to 17 screens overnight. Including 3 In Burbank CA! WOW! Amazing Grace!!! @mercyme
We need more movies like this.
Just got back from a date night with the hubby. This movie was so inspirational and beautiful. 

I love Paula Faris 
I haven’t been to the movies in a long time. I saw this today. Powerful, tear jerker, and feel good.
Because believers want God back in this country and are tired of all the the anti biblical, liberal pushed agendas that are being forced upon this country today.
we all need good dreams
People are sick of smut and degradation of morals. We want clean movies with family values.
Make a note of that ABC. Quit chasing away Christians.
I’m celebrating with the success of God’s children I can’t wait for mine to get on the big screen my book BEHIND ENEMY LINES IS ON AMAZON / B&N
It’s not as much faith as it is the A-Listing.   It’s a subject that recirculates.. as it does Vampires, Monarchs, or Super-hero. Don’t conflate-Religion was created 2control the peasants. btw, Passion of Christ was a success because of Mel, + Henry Cavill could sell any tix.
Yes, now only they could only figure how to make a good movie and not some unwatchable dreck.
Oh, christ.
GOD knows this world needs them, and I thank God for everyone involved with making them and letting them be seen. Also, I pray that God's Word gets through to all that see these films and all those people share God's Word with others and so on. Everyone needs Jesus.
It Gets Better!

He Has Risen
"The Signs R Clear"
God's Watching Over You All

Also click on link below
https://youtu.be/u5SPqMxEjHk 
Discovered 2012 in Texas and on the News in 2013.

Please enjoy my videos 

Great there is a lot of truth in faith in God (smart and wise)!
Just saw 'I Can Only Imagine'---oh how many of us wish Hollywood would wake up!!!  Enjoyed it thoroughly.
It's about time!!!!!!
Governor, He is Risen!. just as He said.
http://Making.money  off Jesus only conservatives
This movie was awesome!  Loved it.
Paula is such a brilliant woman but I can't believe she is so shocked that there are Christians in America.  I would love to see her leave New York City and travel around the country for awhile.  And NO not Los Angeles.
Maybe bc America is tired of all the rantings of Hollywood and want to see clean good stories about life?
Oh good! We should only have Christian films! #satanisbad #JESUSIsLord
So many people are looking for quality movies they can take their families to  and that have positive messages. Hollywood has never been able to grasp the Conservative and middle class Americans who make up the majority of our country.
The song makes me cry every single time. Beautiful.
Amazing film I’m so proud to be a part of-thank you Erwin Brothers. #Godgiventalent
https://youtu.be/u5SPqMxEjHk 
May God Bless You & Keep You Rhoda ♡
Why shouldn't a faith based film not do well? It always has a positive message and gives people hope. Unlike the other movies out there that gives no meaning to life. #ICanOnlyImagineMovie
Your reporter (not Paula Faris) inferred that the film was a success because it was marketed to a Christian audience. NOT true! Trailers have been frequent on National TV both regular and cable channels. Also radio. Please get the facts straight before reporting. Movie is a hit.
Very true. I can’t remember what secular movie I saw w my son (maybe Churchill) but they showed the trailer.
Why do Christian movies do so well? Maybe because there's a bunch of moronic Bible Thumpers in the US?
Wow
