Ha ha
Ohhhh that Huckabee wit.

Nothing like it in the world.
1 million and 1!!
Yeah and if I was to say that. They would put me under the prison.. because I am
White american..
 I just love you! You are so funny and smart and truthful and honest!!!
Lol! Keep up the great work your doing.
You were my grandmother's favorite host, EVER.
We were not allowed to speak when your program was on.
She would be thrilled.
Congrats Gov.!!!
I wouldn’t jump in a foxhole with you.
I would
Of course.  Especially since you have never been in a firefight
Or your President or maybe that big Storm that is coming. It should hit soon. Ask Cohen. #collusion
I'm proud to be one in that million.
Congratulations
I’m one of them!!! Love you Huckabees 
Thanks for telling the truth so we will laugh instead of cry.
#MAGA


Love  Huckabee!!!!!
But she’s insane. #Pelosi
Maybe Trump’s past mistresses are all following you??
Let's not RUSSIAN to conclusions Huckabee. Haha!
#GovernorHuckabee#sarahsanders what’s not to love and support
You have no idea what you are talking about.
LOL! 
Congratulations Gov. Huckabee
President Trump will be vindicated in the face of unprecedented, unwarranted, vitriolic, mean spirited hatred. The opposition to his agenda and his sincere love for America, is emblematic of a deep seated disdain for truth , justice and the American way. God grant deliverance.
Stating that anyone opposing Trump has a "disdain for the truth" is absolutely hilarious.
Hugh and kisses ..


Love you, Love your Daughter and Love my President
1,558,450 followers in less than two months.
That’s right
I thought Hillary said it
Hahahahaha 
Glad to see you are finally  acknowledging Russian meddling.
Jesus knows but doesn't know how to break it to you that we're not all FANS Mike!!
Mike is politically active - he makes himself a mouthpiece of the Religious Right while hanging with Ted Nugent and opposing gay rights to the point of obstructing settled law - his daughter lies for a living - makes sense to follow him
you claim to be a Christian Genie, yet have no problem calling me - someone you don't even know - a divisive bigot - has it occurred to you that we simply have different viewpoints that we are BOTH entitled to?   I simply point out bigotry & lying, something both the Huckbees do
I have no problem with anyone's religion - Mike Huckabee however seeks to impose HIS religious viewpoints on others whose rights are protected under the law - I have a problem with that - why don't you?
That's funny. Lol

Stay woke, bro

Are you as ashamed of your daughter @PressSec and the rest of the country? Are you thinking about changing your last name?
you said " russia" . they are gonna accuse you of collusion with putin.
I am not a Russian Bot and I follow you sir! God bless!
Kill yourself.
I just think you’re  the best.  
haaa! I just got 20 new followers. Numbers went up by 2. Been on for Trump over 1 yr 10hrs/day. Only 3,600 followers. Wonder who all of those people are.. that I would have met.. if Twitter only did what they promised the public they would do.. leave us the hell alone!
Wow
If they're going to meddle in American lives, please add money to my bank account. I'm broke and old. 

FYI you're not funny
Like your sense of humor
Yes. You colluded with the Russians to take down your account.
I've been following you for well over year. Not just for the political aspect but because you sir are a riot with a very witty sense of  humor. 
Congratulations!
Can Pelosi spell Russian?
Amen
We do know that you are a Trump bootlicker and supporter of this betrayer of America. Not kidding! We will remember you.
Pahahaha
You know I really don't care for the series Scandal but the last episode truly showed what "deep" state really means. Who knew the liberals would pull that off!
Pelosi paid the Russians do it she gave them crumbs
My bad. Let me unfollow.
Well Twitter’s home office is rumored to be in Hell. Perhaps it froze over momentarily?

You not funny at all and your daughter lie like you!
Pelosi? How about the average citizen knows a crook and liar when they see one?
lol
LOL Is that because she was involved... Heck every other Democrat including Obama was....

Truly heartbreaking to witness. Pigs are intelligent beings that deserve so much more than what they experience in their short lifetimes  
They'll start supressing your outreach
Lmfao
She also said she wants taxes back up as her to explain plan for NON AMERICANS THAT'S THE DEMOCRATS PRIORITY @realDonaldTrump THANK GOD his priority is AMERICAN PEOPLE 1ST CONSTITUTION 1ST MILITARY 1ST AMERICA JOBS PROSPERITY HONOR GLORY PRIDE FOR ALL AMERICAN PEOPLE !
Really,  it was collusion, not conspiracy.
I hope she’s a good person because lying for Trump she has a lot to atone for!!
Still not a funny person
He’s s great man
Lol, those Russians get around don’t they
Congrats Gov on your Million! U R The Man N U R Funny 2 
GFY.

STOP THE DRAMA!  Americans want elected leaders to go to work & stop with the shenanigans!  Don't respond to the Dems.  Stop stooping & rise above it.
You are corny af.
For whom money is not a problem? Help please I need an assistant really, I need money for a dream

Haha. You always crack me up. Nicely done. 

Congratulations Governor Mike Huckabee!
Lol
' good show gov. MIKE !
Lol Mike!
Idiot.
Hahaha. Your funny!
Congrats , careful who you allow to follow you, tho.... 
@GovMikeHuckabee  always has a way with words. 
Rush's 04/17 report painted the damning reality of what "Draining the Swamp" & Freedom is up against.
Would one million followers be a blessing from God

YOU HAVE A GR8 DAUGHTER MIKE
YES INDEED HE DOES LIZ!!! 
Did you really go down??
No no. You lie you have 999999 followers. Fake news. 
You are living proof that everything trump touches, turns to $hit
Congratulations Gov.

#WeThePeople Must let it be known to #Mueller! We will only accept indictments that relates to Russia Collusion. Anything not related is considered a political #WitchHunt on #Trump and #Patriots! #MuellerEndTheWitchHunt…
That was a good one. I needed a laugh. I am proud to be one of your 1 million followers. 


Whatever happened to the #LittleRockers??? #IslandOfMisfitBands

Huck man you funny ---haha


You sir, are an AMERICAN TREASURE 
Congrats to you Gov.! And watch out for those Russians!
Until I read about it on twitter, I thought something was very wrong with my phone. 

One million followers, wow! Congrats!
Me and my tribe(4 dogs and 2 cats plus a husbeast) voted that @NancyPelosi  as “woman most likely to swallow her own dentures” yearbook page coming soon.


LMAO  Gov. Huckabee.
Russia Russia Russia 
Gov.  ...no CONSPIRACY...nope. 
People are just waiting for the check from @MichaelCohen212
Congratulations Governor .. love hearing from you .. I hear maybe North & South Korea may becoming not only neighbors but Allies .. Now that would be Progress .. Life is too short for all this Hate and Turmoil ..  
How do u square thumping a Bible acting like you do.. U and your "Princess Shrek" will burn in hell .. There is no way u could be brazenly living in the den of inequity & not be offending God.. That's some vile Shit your pushing . Born stars & golden showers; deviants
1,000,001 
I just followed you.
Your daughter rocks dude.
#MAGA
Just so you know my Twitter did not go down but the IRS did!
Sums it alllllll up!
She also thinks Trump is George Bush.


No - it was Maxipad Waters.

Good one dude. Remember to get the other side always- for no reason. Let’s devide America!
What the F@$! ?????
you are senile
Hell I have been trying all week to get to 5,000
And only 400 likes

You’re all fools.
You are so funny, I love it. Thank you for letting Jesus light shine.
Yes, Jesus would be so proud that he constantly tries to divide people instead of uniting them. Riiigggghhhht
Wow!!!!!!

Lmao
Lol


There are at least one million dumb people(bots) on TWITTER..... you're the proof. Keep up the clever retorts and then go silent when this administration embarrasses the USA.       SAD!
Gongrats Governor
Congrats Gov, you are a voice of reason.
Mueller is on it....
You deserved every one, you are not only a God fearing Man, but a wonderful Patriot, Servant if the State and Father of the best Woman on the face of the Earth (Next to Melania).  God Bless.
@NancyPelosi would not the difference between a Russian a bot or the kid down the street

Very good now please fallow me sir. I have only 1000 plus

Awesome and we love your daughter also Think you n her Mom did a wonderful job
Are u still on the same tricks? ...your irrelevancy and obnoxiousness continues.. keep tweeting you'll be up 2 million bots by tomorrow hopefully awaits youu
Can’t believe that many can stomach a #FakeChristian with his lies and condoning the crap that comes out of his lil daughters mouth.
i send a tweet to david hoggs latest boycott and immediately get locked out and called a bot, probaby Russians made twitter lock me out
Lol
Hahaha! 
Oh my gosh you’re a Rockstar 
I hate when that happens.
Every time I get over 1 million, I get busted..
Why don't you ever tweet me back?
Congratulations Gov. Huckleberry.    Love you! N
You are so bad and hilarious! Thanks for the laughter.
You continue to cover for con man Donny. Sorry to see that morality no longer matters to you.
She would know
I thought it was Schiff
Great 
lol strange. My twitter went down right after I liked your One Million Doctor Evil Tweet.
hmmmm
We love ya! 
InpeashhhhfoddyFi!

Funny response to being outed that god your followers re completely fake accounts.
It was a conspiracy between the Russians and President Trump. Call for a special Counsel to investigate. LOL 

 Just kidding. I am only joking, folks. Don't go nuclear on me  
It was those powers and principalities we wrestle against. Keep praying for USA and our leaders.
