A very diverse group of white women
You have an amazing team - any team with @ccarter7 is AMAZING! 
Looking good everyone... Take care God bless
I'd love to trap Mike Pence alone in the control room with them for five minutes.
how can you women justify working for a liar and a fake preacher?
You are an intelligent Man!!
Awesome.    Woman.   And.   God.  Bless.  All.  
Poor girls
Gov. you are discriminating against male . 
Are these beautiful ladies also his Groupies? I love to see how happy he is when he's with a Band playing his Guitar and just being 'one of the Boys', an ENERGIZER! Music truly is MAGIC...REAL music and not trash that makes Canaries howl!
We don’t care
one's not smiling Govenor. Didn'y you give her a raise?......................lol

A BEAUTIFUL TEAM! GO LADIES!
All white ?
Awesome
Governor you better be careful around all those good looking women.
Nice looking crew, Gov. Mike.
News alert: You're not Gov. anymore. Lose the title.
Mike, "Gov's girls" indeed. Not ladies, not women or mothers & wives? Typical "cock"-servative Republican view of women. They treat women the same way they treat Non-caucasians they have the ultimate contempt and murderous intent reserved for. 2018 not 1820.

Hey Now...I see a couple here that @realDonaldTrump would love to grab pussy with!

You have your own show again? Awesome!
They were Awesome!
Do they lie too or is it just a family thing?
Suck on this
Where are the men?  You left the masculinity out.  We need balance 
Really?!
How sweet!! Surrounded by girls, that must be fun! No wonder you are always happy
For moment I thought was the View!
Somehow Hillary and the Clinton news network (aka cnn), will call this sexist and misogynistic.
I loved watching and listening to Joe Dee Messina   Absolutely Beautiful!!!
Now I know why YOU'RE ALWAYS happy. I feel like I've been discriminated against.only joking.
Have a great SHOW Mr Huckabee.
MAGA
Great job ladies! Love the show.
See you tonight Governor. BTW, any happenings on that judge from Oregon who was getting railroaded?
#MAGA
The say behind every great man, there’s a control room full of greater women to keep him honest!

Awesome!!
If they make your show as much fun as it is, they deserve praise. Saturday made special with "Huckabee".
Girl on the far left don’t look too happy with you Gov!
The Ladies have your 6. (back)
None as cool as your daughter!!!  God I love her!!
PHEW! For a split second I thought the woman in the middle was chew toy Joy Behar.
Then I thought, "Naaaah. too attractive".
