
58 Massacred Christians by a Democrat and possible toes to Radical Islamist assisting!
Ties
Loved Sid Miller being on your show! GOD BLESS TEXAS!
"Christian privilege" is another made-up leftist talking point.  We, Christians do not receive any benefits for our faith; apart from eternal Salvation.
Your large adult son murdered a dog.

Talk about NO COMMON SENSE!!!I
No they don’t, and we will be watching. Really looking forward to it!
What is mikey talking about? I guess  mikey is making up sh..t for or his amusement. Loser.
If your Daughter can be hired, ANYTHING is possible in the US.
Stretching the truth about equal treatment under the law again, Huck?
We. Don't. Care. What. You. Think. Hypocrite.
WE as Christians are persecuted ALL the time!! WE were not vocal about it!! BUT NOW.....WE are standing up for ourselves!!
No we're not. Maybe in other parts of the world, but here in America, we are persecuted very little. Our persecution in America consists of people calling us names, not killing or raping us, like in Africa, or during the Roman Empire. We've got it easy.
I wouldn’t miss your show for the world, Gov!
I think Americans get a better deal on God anyway, because we're Americans the way Our GOD intended.  #BiglyWinning #MAGA #TrumpTrain #WooWoo
Isn't GWU, a Jesuit school?
Do you even know the mean of Christianity?  Don't think so
Gov common sense is the missing link in our country right now. Need middle class Americans to bring it back. Christians need to start speaking up. God helps those who help themselves
Christians get the best deal of all - Everlasting life from the Sacrifice of their Savior. God's plan for us.

Unfortunately, Christians are the biggest example of the lack of common sense these days.  They  prop up the most loathsome people, people who are the opposite of Christ Jesus.  Do nothing about fraudulent preachers who openly rob the poorest among them.  #NoMoralAuthority
This is so rediculous. Look at the academia staying relevant by looking to attack someone - ANYONE. Why does he still have a job?
Ridiculous
.@GovMikeHuckabee What is the root cause of all the continual attacks on the mainstream ideals that the United States was founded on? Think about it.
What an excellent, honest Christian communicator!! Wish our country would have chosen to elect the best, most qualified candidate for President!
Does your shirt say Appalachia?
Yes we do!  They’re called blessings from God, not from our government!  Everyone should try it... it really works!
This makes my blood BOIL! Elite snobs...I lived in Hanover, NH and was around MANY elites who looked down on others and thought they knew what was best for all of us cause they are just a little better and smarter than everyone else.....
They’re not smarter.
Untrue. Colleges bend over for Affirmative action.
if so, only by Gods grace and the support of fellow believers. I don’t see many people throwing favors at Christians.
Mikey, u could have lead with, and stopped at “we weren’t enlightened” ... would have saved a lot of time
Has your show gone to number one in ratings Governor?
Yo, check in with Netflix, ya might land a comedy routine for the, ya know, “Priviledged White Christian” bunch. 
Christians have repeated a mistake since they found God, and that is making people of different faiths think that theirs is the only way, the better way, and those who don’t get on board are savages. Your example of the cake is discrimination. Plain
Your audiences reaction when they see you
I liked the part where no one was laughing at your jokes.
I am a supporter of you and your daughter Gov. Huckabee.
They definitely get a better deal in the US than in Iraq 
GOD will NOT be KIND to you at all HUCKELBERRY

After passing @seanhannity, Rachel @maddow is now cable's most-watched news host http://bit.ly/2EpvJTA  
