Tuned to @TBN tonight to watch you on channel 9 @XFINITY in Chattanooga at 11, but dead air. Only black screen. Complained to them before--frequent occurrence. No Sunday night viewing extra insulting for Christian channel. Please check into this. Hate to miss your show! Thank you
Your IQ goes up. Like Donald MOB Trump and Sarah?
Like Roy Cohn, Trump's former lawyer.
#phonypatriotism at its finest.

What has happened to your daughters Christian ethics? Cannot believe the way she lies for and defends POTUS. Is the $ really worth it?
Its exactly the sane so it cant "get better"
Separation of church and state!!!!!
A nice make u feel good show
I watch it
Too true TOO true!!!
Great show enjoy watching it
You and Sarah need to lay off the food. Perhaps instead you two can take a look in the mirror
Great show Governor!!
I watched it both nights.
Sure am glad it's on Sunday notes, as it has become our favorite night of tv watching. Wonder what the ratings might be. Keep up good work Mike.
And Gumbo!
Watching right now! I am having a great Sunday night! Thanks!
LOVE your show!!
Really¿ Learn something new¿
Read politico article. Very interesting!  Congrats to u to signing on w @TBN
"CULT"
Cheese?????
Pretty sad that only analogy you can think of is food, you need to lay off food.
Great show on Huckabee tonight again @ 8:00 pm. Guest is Franklin Graham. Two great God loving men!
Get to see so.en with gun poked in their vaginal area and. Huckabee getting himself some skin. Nothing about Jesus,its a conservative show.
Cheese, beef, and jeans.
Cheese and beef get better each time? What exactly does that mean?
Actually moldy with time.
Is "cheese, beef, and jeans" some kind of Arkansas code for sexual positions?
That’s not true because obviously it’s not raising your IQ !
I think you meant “with” time. But nice try.
That and you know.....you’re a pastor so a.....it’s Sunday!
> Hmmm.  Because like cheese, beef, and jeans, it only gets better each time! 

This is pure word salad.
Wow you’re dumb.
“Cheese, beef and jeans” lol wtf is this guy talking about.
You’re gross AF
You might be the least funny human being alive
