A community organizer who got the job that you'll never have.
Theres a video on utube that explains his life & it says tht Frank Davis, Communist Socialist, dated BHO's mom & got her prego. Her father paid BHO 1 to come to American and adopt him....not sure if its true. If you look at Frank Davis BHO looks just like him!
Goomba-tht was just 1 peice of info out there. Btw-you are an Adjunct Professor & you are that angry of a person cussing someone out & saying they should be murdered  by their mother with a coat hanger inside of the womb. Im sorry ur so angry. I will say a prayer for u. God Bless
Awww! What's wrong, cupcake? I thought people were being to PC now a days. What!?! We don't like people telling it like it is anymore?
Lol uv def mistaken me for me for a cupcake. It was the lft & prog are the p.c. police & a threat to free speech. But the prob is tht ppl like u want to use ur non p.c. by name calling & bashing ppl & arnt trully respectful of ppl tht dont agree wi u. Its NOT necessary.
Funny, bc Trump has that kind of experience but they don’t support him.
@bearerofmeaning you would be better off
I am ashamed of Congress. This was a good candidate and a good man.
On a related note, was the guy drunk when he assessed and reported on Trumps so called health
he had to be!
That was fake news. Read the entire article
What do dems know about successfully  leading??
They only destroy!!
I agree with that.
Just look at California...so many ruined cities.
And New Orleans...turned into junk by Demos
His dishing out controlled drugs is not of interest to you then? 
#opiods
#drugs
#UnitedStatesOfAddiction
you are so right, you go mike.
Lol!

you meant Trump; right?
They accuse us of being everything they are.
Then you can find a real minister for your church
He'd certainly do a better job....funny ur on NO list, short or long...hmm.
You really should have been a comic
Hahahahaha
You’re an ex governor- Jesus fix your own mess before running right back to your #racist fall back - President Obama a man way beyond your pedigree. Talking of pedigree we see yours in the taxpayers pressroom- man you need a talk with God he hates your kind.
Ant you nice IAM...glad I don't know you
Take your limited foolishness somewhere else- my nice died on 911 / 119 either way your UnAmerican vile is too damned obvious.
 #PresidentObama and #HillaryClinton the only two #Americanborn #Patriots
Or a former reality television star?
Or a businessman with a business worth over a billion.  Oh wait, we did hire a businessman for the presidency!  Thank God!
The genius who inherited & lost a 300 million dollar fortune. Couldn't even run a casino in Vegas or Atlantic city, & thought sending steaks & urine tests through the mail was a good idea.Trump's a con man who duped a bunch of MAGA waterheads into believing he was a businessman.
Are you seriously criticizing *Democrats* of having inexperienced leaders? Maybe you should take the log out of your party's own eye, first.
I bet you are very proud of your daughter @PressSec is doing an amazing job!  Love how she puts @JimAcosta in his place.  Sarah is a great role model
hardly, very rude
Ronny Jackson would have been perfect and that is why democrats opposed him. They have to obstruct Trump from succeeding in any way they can. I wish Jackson had stood up to them. Every lie they get away with emboldens them.
P
We learned our lesson from 0 experience Trump
Amen brother!!!!
The Dumcrats seek to destroy ANYONE that would lift up the average Joe or Jane of this country. YOU have no voice under the thumb of the dumocrats unless you Agree with their twisted and screwed up ideals. Ideals that go against what you as an individual know is right.
May be we could fire most of congress for lack
of experience.
Ha
I decided to follow you for a few weeks to understand how Sarah Sanders could engage in deception so well. Now I understand, it’s self-deception learned at home.
How did you get THIS screwed up in the head? So warped!
Trump bot or Soviet?
Nobody had managerial experience before they became managers.
To me... the most bizarre thing abt all this is the sudden concern of ethics..FROM THE DEMOCRATS!! .. whatever happened to ALL THE PAYOFFS USING OUR TAX DOLLARS FOR CONGRESS SEX SCANDALS??? Where are the ETHICS POLICE???
Ha!
Perhaps the VA SECRETARY position should be a consideration for veterans. Let those of us who have served our country and use the VA for our medical needs get to decide who controls the administration of our VA Health facilities.

Give U.S. a choice. 
Let Veterans Vote.
Is there a dog catcher position in the Federal Govt? Fhe Lying Muslim should apply. I mean, they love dogs in Muslim Countries, dont they? I was surprised by Jackson's action. He should have stuck it out and fought the Communists in our govt. Did they use Lying Muslims database?
They may be right. The president has business management experience, and look how well that is working.
It is hilarious that the most inept body in the United States wishes us to look at HIS lack of management skills.
Another reason is that they oppose everything from Pres Trump.
Or he over prescribed pills got drunk crashed his car etc.  try vetting one time
It’s a shame. He’s such an honorable man who could have made a big difference.
No you didn't just say that 

It's kind of like having false prophets spew cult shit right dad suckabee?
Between the lines, this is one really GOOD tweet!
Exactly
The VA is getting weak. I am dying and they told me that I might have to wait until September before I can get help. I need assistance now.
THE PEOPLE IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE,? DO THEY HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE. I CANT SEE ANY, BY THE WAY THEY ACT AND CONDUCT THERE BUSINESS. ISNT IT TIME FOR A RAISE OR VACATION! MIGHT GET QUICK VOTE THEN.
Amen to that Mr. Huckabee for the VA in South Texas has not improved but getting worse.
They will stand up for the illegals. But not are veterans. This is nothing new
Perhaps you are right Mr Huckabee. We once put a Community Organizer who ran for Senator and won. He also turned out to be the best president we have had in several decades. 
On the other hand, we elected a business con man and he doesn’t know how to run a large co.
My gosh they used more than that . All lame
I am torn between who is worse for our country - you or your daughter - it’s a close call.
Great thought Gov. hummm wouldn’t that be a great career for like some member of ACORN.
Hahahahahahaha.
My husband, a vet, was saved from death 4 days ago, in our suburban hospital. A dead kidney and the ‘good’ one full of 6# of pus. The VA hospital here found it on a routine check up, but never followed through entirely. Pure negligence!
If Adm Jackson can be entrusted with the health of 3 presidents, why is he unqualified to care for the health of our Veterans?
Because it's a completely different job.

If you were a shareholder at GM, do you want the person fixing your car to becone CEO? Even worse, would you want the CEO too fix your car!!
We’ve seen how poorly a community organizer performs.

I am asking for help because we have no one else to turn to.  If you could please RE-TWEET and share with your family and friends and help us get through this incredibly tough time if nothing else just to warn of the EXTREME DANGERS OF MOLD IN YOUR HOME…
good tweet...
Good one Governor.
Good, very good!
Dems will oppose anyone President Trump nominates.If anyone tries to find the imperfect flawed nominee for any position that will never happen.
Indeed Gov. Huckabee, we see what a slick community organizer can do for a country!
We are experiencing the outcome of his handiwork until this day.
Thank you for your service... 
Thank you, HDT.
Lmao my guy homie was drunk on the job and self-prescribed painkillers but I guess Maurice Clemmons would’ve been a better pick 
He was good enough for Obama....there is no proof of any of this, but yet again, guilty until proven innocent by the liberals.  Obama gave him great evaluations.  Guess he just started drinking and acting a fool since Trump's Inauguration day
Well I know a couple of authors whose books aren’t doing to well right now....
Ass wipe...what was your first job?
Really not funny but so true!!
Repub use to have honor, truthfulness, & dignity but no more, full of crooks, liars, & sleeve balls. Like sanders, trump, Conway. Not the repub party of my oarents
Also knew how to be objective. You obviously have lost that ability. Objectively, yes. Obama didn’t have “experience.” However, NEITHER does Donald Trump! And at least Obama (who is infinitely smarter) had sense to put smart, experienced, credible ppl in place. Am I wrong?
Man, are you BACKWARDS brett
Unfortunately, a lot of opportunists (I used to exclude you from that list until recently) who claim the Christian mantle of purity and liberty that Wirt and his colleagues founded and designed is now being perverted in the name of God. Wirt was a repub but he
He also knew how to be objective. So objectively, yes, Obama was not “experienced.” However, NEITHER is Donald Trump. And Obama (who is infinitely smarter) had the sense to put smart, EXPERIENCED, credible ppl in his cabinet. Am I wrong?
Maybe a community organizer would be a good fit for the supreme court!
I beg to differ. I really think @POTUS is deliberately picking unsuitable candidates so he can look good in comparison to his nominees. Besides he can always claim the Dems are obstructive and are blocking all his nominees.
Former Gov Huck, why do you and your allies always turn everything into a Obama demonization rant? It gets really old! And I’m a Mississippi Republican. My Great Uncle, Wirt Yerger fought against the Dixiecrats and started the MS GOP.
Obum was a lazy no good for nothing President
What do you think about t's golf and trips to his own properties that his company makes money from?
As a veteran I can tell you that a flag level officers have WAY more experience managing large organizations and budgets than any civilian the dems could ever hope to have.
And God knows it
You are a petty, snarky person
Obama again.  Is that all you got.  Maybe the VA needs a thieving former preacher to run it.
B.s.
Oooh burn!

Barack might help. I heard he has experience in that area.
The real reason is that he didn't find Trump to be unstable or unhealthy.
My thoughts exactly.
They want lawyers only and the crooked ones get to the front of the line.....
#VETERAN ....#QUALIFIED
When @MichelleObama talked about "when they go low"  @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi and the liberal media must have misunderstood because they go low every day, ruining peoples good name claiming "source" as being reliable & truthful. they will all answer to their hate on judgement day
Spot on, Govenor!!!
....ouch, Mike.....OUCH
Liberals make no sense. They are all about obstruction and destruction.
You are an incredibly stupid human
Beautiful!!
Or maybe we could find a halfassed real estate clown to be president..whaddya tink there chief?
Isn't Ben Carson doing a great job at HUD??
Maybe and they can turn around one of the worst economies in modern times - only to be criticized constantly and then when a morally and financially bankrupt trust fund baby takes over we can all magically pretend it was his doing! You sold your soul governor makes me sad.
Well, they had people with experience and they screwed it up!  I think a doctor would have a much better understanding of what veterans need.
Come on @GovMikeHuckabee . Everyone knows he wasn’t a good choice. @GOP had issues with him as well. Just because he is a RA doesn’t mean he would do well...look at Shinseki ... #MAGA
An admiral does not have management experience? Ludicrous!
He is an Admiral in the United States Navy! He has lots of management & executive experience by achieving his rank.
Community Organizer to head VA....how about the scumbag Obama?
The idea that an Admiral in the USN has no management experience is promoted by people who have obviously never served. There was no reason to denigrate this man. This will backfire on the Dems as more and more realize that they are actually the party of hate and disunity...
Trump@is guiding 350m
Amen!

You're not funny today, yesterday, and won't be funny tomorrow. #STFU
The quicker we drain the swamp the better Off America will be. #Trump @dbongino @JudgeJeanine @TeaPartyOrg @VP @seanhannity @andersonDrLJA @SebGorka @TerryLambert201 @RedNationRising @USFreedomArmy
Are you really that stupid to think someone without management experience is fit for this job?
I think the VA is hiding something, that's why they only want one of "theirs" running it.
Spot on Gov
I was a union organizer for the AFL-CIO. Maybe I can lead Veteran's Affairs @GovMikeHuckabee
Like Obama?
Silly me @SenateDems need to have someone they can pay off! Anyone with integrity or character can NOT work for the #Congress!
I was going to say shoot them in the ash!
Right, because we see how successful Trump has been not being a politician  #Truth is @SenateDems don’t want our #Vets to have privatized medical treatment. They may heal and have a good eye to shoot them in the eye! #ShameOnYouDems and tainted #Republicans!  #BloodOnYourHands!
I think ALL the Dems and some off the Republicans in office needs to be re-evaluated. God knows they have lost their minds and ethics and should not be representing the American people.
True that
Or a reality TV star? God you’re sad.
Democrats and hypocrites virtually interchangeable
Wash your mouth out with soap!
Classic classy Huckabee humor, he knows how to make his point without being vulgar yet very funny. Too bad professional talk show hosts & liberal comedians don’t have the skill to be classy, right?
Oh NO!
Oh good lord no!  We tried that experiment once and it sucked.
He and Pompeo both are more accomplished,honorable,and experienced than all those lame brains in Congress put together.McConnel needs to grow a pair!!
its really about delaying the computer records progress, the first step in privitazation
I’m thinking that Obama is unemployed right now!
Well stated Governor.
Great point, nobamas now wish they would've ran away instead!!
Oh get over it, Huckleberry!
My thoughts exactly. A community organizer with bad intentions for our country
Get out of politics Mike. There's no place for your and your daughters lying and hypocrisy. We have enough of that with Cadet bone spurs in office.
Not sure ANYONE can be the RIGHT person to manage that mammoth place. Need someone without that experience who'll just go in and clean house! Almost disappointed he decided to step back. Loved to have seen the fight for good & Bongino sitting & tapping his white binder! :)
Oh boy we saw what happened when we let a community organizer run our Country for 8 years !!! Everything went to hell in a hand basket 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What the VA needs it will never get. A professional hospital chain administrator. Reason, they make millions f dollars each year and the VA can’t afford one.
Yes
Notice that did you... we all did. To bad all these dems weren t  this vigilante then.
Ah, Governor. Sarcasm is a dish best served cold as hell.
Very Very True Governor
I love that Mike!
Huh? He manages 70 people. It's not a crime. He's a doctor. If the Community Organizer you're speaking of is Obama, he didn't go from there to the White House. He was a Illinois state senator for 8 years and a US Senator for 4 years. You're a cartoon.
And still his administration failed.
You mean like obumner
Did Obama have any experience??? Didn’t think so!!
Hypocritical fools!!!
Sickening!!!
Isn’t it apparent that the Left is either incompetent or lack IQ? Seriously. Not to be sarcastic, but their behavior to hinder the progress of America, and possibly destroy all we know, is lost on me. How does blocking that which is good, better?
So you agree Jackson wasn’t fit for the job.  Got it.
LOL You did it AGAIN!  A perfect curve ball to bust that unqualified community organizer with one year of Senate inexperience - in absentia!
You completely nailed it.
how hard is it to manage giving ? give or give not. Trump said , give.  and he would have.
Mike notice how quite it got after Joy Reid got busted as homaphobe.
Truth!!
Exactly. Find an exec and they’ll complain he isn’t a doctor. Sheesh. Need to go nuclear and jam all nominations through the Senate. Time is running short. We are almost halfway thru Trump’s 1st term
....and profoundly unfunny.
Firing Chip didn’t help.  His act might work in Branson

Well said Governor well said!!
Ummm, did he receive that “Admiral” rank in a box of CrackerJacks???

Insulting community organizers.  Shmuckabee taking the high road as usual.  Remember when he tried to claim moral standing because he was a minister? 
Really I hear Obama is doing nothing
It would be better than a narcissistic pathological liar w the impulse control of a 2yo who is totally clueless
Very good gov LOL
Or even run for President?!
Unbelievable

President Trump will find the right person to drain the sewer!
Lol good one
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @LarsLarsonShow @seanhannity @SenateGOP @HouseGOP If GOP has any Real Leadership they would push through Term Limits and return Congress to the voters & require Congress to actually work in the public for a change and actually drain the swamp
Adm Jackson does not have large manager experience? He is a Admiral in the US Navy! Sounds to me that is a large group? They do not make you an Admiral if you can not lead, especially large groups!
that woudl be fine as long as he wasn't an alcoholic bully who illegally handed out prescription drugs like candy
I honestly cannot figure out what your problem is here—is this guy ok w/ you?  The allegations of drinking on duty? Hostile work environment?  Ok with you?
That community organizer saved our economy, the auto industry, caught/killed bin Laden, oversaw the largest increase in stock market and drop in unemployment in decades, plus expanded health care to millions all while having just one marriage and no one in his admin indicted.
SAD...
Crack is whack Mike
Lay off....Jesus does mot approve
Please tell us what it is you think a community organizer does. 
Lack of experience = Obama the most unqualified, unpatriotic President in American History!!
Most illegal one in US history.
Hahahahahaha!!
As long as he’s not a violent alcoholic that’s fine with me!
Your jealousy of Pres. Obama is only rivaled by the jealousy that Trump has for him. Barrack Obama accomplished more in a day than you and Trump have accomplished in your combined lifetimes. There can’t be anything more childish and petty.
@Veteran_4_Trump  For heaven's sake, he was an Admiral in the Navy and  a combat Medic in Iraq for every IED! Who better?
Yes, I think @BarackObama would do a fine job.  He is too smart, however,and will avoid the #TrumpAutocracy
Obum is street smart ONLY....ask Obum why he hid his school records
We need more Republicans voted into office, choose the right one in the primary! Vote! Stop bashing Republicans over petty things, look at all they are accomplishing!
Amen! We tried a community organizer for 8 yrs to lead our country.  Maybe he can do better with the VA.
It's a shame they didn't support Adm. Jackson , he was as perfect pick as one could be.
He is not indoctrinated

He was an Admiral. Don't you believe he had plenty? You don't just jump to admiral, it's a long road.
A know a community organizer who has a Phd from Harvard University. He's not a fat despicable puppet  like you.  He's a former president of the US. He's a scandal free man and the most admired man in the USA. @BarackObama
It's time to pass the Bill limiting vetting from 30 hours to 8 hours and get all these nominees pasted so administration can get work done. Dems want to keep Obama employees in positions to create havoc to Trump administration. Deep State at work. Wake up America!
That's passed.
LOL !!!!
Sarcasm?
