"I think the Boy Scouts are effectively dead." —@GovMikeHuckabee on the @boyscouts dropping the word "Boy" from their name http://fxn.ws/2FErSTm   #TheStory 
I don’t understand.... there are militaries where men and women have fought proudly with each other for decades... maybe if the scouts had less lawsuits for abuse and had better programs for both.... they wouldn’t be in this position?
Although I respect your views I’m sorry but I respectfully disagree. The Girl Scouts nurture young girls, the Boy Scouts do for boys. While armies at comingled they’re far from being free of lawsuits and abuse.
Actually, they could have had three scout groups... boys, girls, and mixed and let capitalism take its course through choice and competition. But they did not... Scouts are bleeding money as membership continues to drop.
Membership is really going to drop now.  It's so sad what has happened to the "Boy Scouts"!  If membership is down for Giril Scouts then maybe they need to do something different, not infringe on the boys!
*girl
WTF is wrong with boys being boys and girls being girls and having separate activities. 

If you're a boy that thinks he's a girl or whatever, then start your own group, leave everyone alone just because you're different. I and many are sick of it.
I can see what all this gender fluid nonsense is for, it's to kill off everyone's sense of self, to remove even token remnants of personal identity thus making them easily programmable. But what is the endgame? That is the really scary question.
Hopefully I have met my maker by then.
Horribly sad to say, but I feel the same way.
There is so much stupid to unpack here...where do I begin...

First of all, "Be prepared" is the scout motto, not the scout oath.

There IS a scout oath, however: 

On my honor, I will do my best 
To do my duty to God and my country and to obey the Scout Law; 
(continued)
To help other people at all times; 
To keep myself physically strong, mentally awake and morally straight.

Now...that last part..."morally straight".  I almost wonder if preventing an investigation into your son's killing of a dog on a scout trip follows the scout oath?
As an eagle scout, I have witnessed that there are many girls out there who would prefer to learn the things that are offered in the boy scout program.  I look forward to hearing about the first female eagle scout in the US. And I am happy you aren't allowed to have a say in it.
Girls don’t need to be Eagle Scouts - the GS gold award is already in place kthanks
Your gender is lucky to have an individual such as yourself to tell other girls what they don't need, as opposed to giving them additional opportunities and letting them decide for themselves.
If only I were a man and then I could tell BOTH genders what to do. Le sigh.
Mike, what you and so many men like you have yet to accept is that women have already demonstrated their ability to defend this country as well as men. It’s time for us to stop trying to tear them down and instead rise to their level and demonstrate that we are worthy of them.
Goof ball
I think this change happened cause the scouts are no longer an American institution but rather and international one...I knew there was gonna be trouble when they started complaining about food choices being WESTERN at the international jamboree.
It's AMERICAN they don't like....
It’s British numb nuts, started by Lord Baden-Powell in 1907, but thanks for playing!
I obviously didn't know...thanks for schooling me......I always saw the words  Boy Scouts of America....Guess it's WESTERN they don't like.....Same thing...I see what is trying to take over GB, now it is making even more sense why it's being attacked w/the leftists help here...
I guess since worldwide scouts have been mixed for 27 years, the US Scouts just seemed a bit backward, not sure why they care, with trump in charge they fit right in!
Funny, we fit right in where I was which was all over asia doing business
They sure do want us to teach their kids, pay huge amounts for that and come HERE in droves for college...All over me to help them break into our markets but you go ahead. live in your fantasy world..LMAO!
Next up..... 'Boy bands'..... gone.
Good one!
As a former BS I'm am ashamed of the leaders of BSA for distroying one the oldest organizations in America. I will never support them ever again. Trust me this will turn out to be a horrible move.
Thank the democrats. They’ve destroyed the Boy Scouts just as they’ve destroyed historical statues, police departments, national anthem, and everything they touch. We must vote ALL democrats out of office, Local to Federal positions, if we’re to save what’s left.
I'm very disappointed in this decision. I looked forward to having my future children join the boy scouts and girl scouts but now it's ruined. There is NOTHING wrong with having boy scouts be separate from girl scouts!
.....aaaaand Scout troops will still be separate on gender lines from ages 11 to 17, so how has this “ruined” things for them? Why would it ruin things for them, anyway? Don’t you want your future children to have friends of the other gender?

“It’s not surprising to me at all that Mike Huckabee is defending his daughter (the liar) when he defended his son (that hanged a dog at summer camp in front of kids), Kim Davis (the homophobic adulterer) & Josh Duggar (the incestuous pedophile). This is the Christian Right”. KHY
What the hell does that have to do with the current conversation, idiot.
That really is the whole point after all. Kill the Boy Scouts. They'll say they only opened it up to girls, but when countless thousands of parents remove their boys from the group it will die and there will be one less outlet for boys can be boys and begin to become men.
Then it will be the idiot parents’ fault, won’t it? Do you believe it’s only possible for boys to become men in the absence of girls? Guess you don’t approve of co-educational schools, then.
Strange how Liberals are able to put not just words, but entire paragraphs into people's mouths. No they don't need an absence of girls but a boy's group would be beneficial as would a girl's group for the girls. Faulty parents would just raise them as genderless.
You haven’t made a case why having girls in the Scouts would prevent boys becoming men. If they go to a mixed school, they’re around girls anyway; does that stop them becoming men?
There are plenty of contexts in which boys can just mix with other boys if they want to: sports teams, socially, etc.
DESTROYING THE SCOUTS is the PRECURSOR TO UNDERMINING 2ND AMMENDMENT and DISARMING AMERICANS!! THIS IS NOT SOMETHING TO STAND DOWN ON!! I BEG YOU PATRIOTS: DO NOT CAVE w/o FIGHTING FOR THIS INSTITUTION!!
STAND UP FOR OUR RIGHTS TO POST ILL-INFORMED SHIT IN CAPS LOCK!!! WHAT NEXT, THE 2ND AGIRLMENT????
You live in a low mentality. You can’t be helped. But I pray that Life returns to your heart.
You can have your opinion without insulting girl scouts. To have girls, in either group, be made out to be superficial children who prioritize being “pretty” over learning and working hard as a scout shows what you think of girl scouts
The, "wussification" is complete!
Amen, now I can pee standing up!
Even if I don't have the equipment I can always remedy that---freedom at last
Who is going to want to join the “Scouts” now?
People who aren’t scared of being in the same organization as females, like they will be in the workplace? :)
The scouting ideals have nothing to do with masculinity or femininity.  Absolutely nothing. 

The fact that it is a male organization is a historical artifact and nothing more.
Another example of how the evolution of human thinking attempts to eliminate our God-given roles in society. We can't call Scouts or Blacks "boy" without being branded chauvinist or supremacist.

Thank God that Jesus still believes in the Second Amendment.
took me a second.
well-played.
Me too -- I got to "God given roles in society" and what Jesus believes, and thought WTF.  Took me a few seconds.
But the Trumpsters that liked it apparently never got it!!   :D  :D
WTF is this? Why do reasonable people have to be on the defensive? THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO REASON to COMBINE GENDERS in the SCOUTS and THERE IS NO NEED TO EXPLAIN OR DEFEND THAT POSITION!! Wake UP!! THiS IS STRICTLY POLITICAL JOCKEYING to DESTROY ANOTHER FOUNDATIONAL INSTITUTION!!
Troll. You’d like me if you knew me. But I WILL be the guy who will take you down once the horde that you will follow behind rises to its true destructive nature.. it is coming. I pray to God that He may preserve us. But you clearly are mislead and corrupt.
Oh, I'm sure we'd get along great, but it doesn't change anything. Time doesn't stand still and pretending it does just leads to a lethal buildup. 

Sorry if I came on a bit strong, I wasn't really replying to you as such, but you got the brunt of it. It happens. Have a good day.
Thank you. Best to you..But leave the Scouts alone.
Gov.  Mike Huckabee, now they say when they go camping they'll have seperate sleeping quarters. That's a load of bull crap you know some parent will sue for discrimination. It's really disguised to end the Boy 
Scouts!!
Yes...and it will be so damn easy for girls to scream sexual harassment  because a boy accidentally touches her....a complete disgrace.  I wouldn't want my boy in that situation.
My sons were both in Boy Scouts, one an Eagle Scout. They’ve said this is a very sad day for them.
It is. This will be the death of both the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts But the Girl Scouts will evaporate first
Another organization ruined by the left. So is girl scouts dismantling or will boys be able to join girl scouts? Or will both just become one group? Will the cookies be unisex cookies?
You may find this hard to believe, but Girl Scouts have been around forever and will continue to be, and it has zero to do with what the Boy Scouts do or don’t do.
Boys have almost nothing positive for themselves anymore, including pride in their manhood. I hope someday people wake up and think about the ramifications of this. Hurray for Girl Power. What about our boys?
This is so sad. 
Call it “soy Boy Scouts” 
Join 4-H 
Pro- #2A
Shooting Sports
Head
Heart
Hands
Health
Boys & Girls
This is what the #LiberalLunatics want for our American boys & men.  It’s truly disgusting.  #RealMenNotSoyBoys
What a shame..
If the left thinks there should be no difference between boys and girls, why are they so focused on gender identity?
In countries like  russia,everyone was a comrad.that's where the liberals want to go too.this shows that no one is an individual.
Pretty sad. Liberals are destroying every thing that's good.
Raising “boys to men” was the over arching theme in Boy Scouts until the Left Ideology got ahold of the organization. 

Leadership caved.
Yes I agree with the Gov. And we have killed Boy Scouts for what? A few little girls want to be boys? Sad indeed!

What's next, a merit badge for your "puffy"?
I don’t get this Boy Scout thing. We always had BOY scouts and GIRL scouts. No big deal
Looks like the Boy Scouts are in need of new leadership.
The Boy and Girl Scouts are children. They should not be used for some sort Social Gender Experiment. Boys go in the Boy Scouts, Girls go in the Girl Scouts. PERIOD!
Are boys allowed to join the Girl Scouts?
Very good question.
My family is done with them. Including donations and participating in their drives.
It's the continued war against allowing males to do anything without females. The reverse does not apply. #Tucker
Bingo on that one!
Is is pretty sad that all old traditions are being changed for the radical few!  What is wrong with teaching children to make choices? I don’t demand things change because I may not like them!  How about just not joining??
@GovMikeHuckabee Why didn’t they start their own organization instead of infecting and killing one that has over a century of tradition? Randall Stephenson (AT&T CEO & BSA Board Pres.) is a cancer on organizations obliterating biblical values, IMHO. He should be stopped.
@POTUS @FoxNewsInsider NO WAY YOU ARE MAKING MASCULINITY and Femininity  GO AWAY. I had some Tomboy in me as a kid. But, I love  being Female. U LOONEY LIBS NOT  GONNA GET away w THIS ONE.Start ur own Weirdo Island  somewhere What’s next Boy Scouts showering with females?
still beats your oath of 'Be petty'
if only we could get back to good ol days where scout leaders would tortue stray dogs to death. is your kid still available?
As a Girl Scout in my youth & my brother an Eagle Scout I’m disappointed in this decision by the BSA. Boys & men in our society are just not allowed to be male. #RIPMen so sorry
Jacci I believe the destruction started with these words in the Boy Scout pledge " I pledge to keep myself physically strong , mentally awake morally straight " those 3 & especially the last pledge started the ultra leftest rage and protests ..
Most don’t like the pledge to God as well, I’d say don’t join if you don’t believe the pledge. So disappointing to witness the destruction of boys and men in our society.
Wow, not that I agree with the merging but that remark was sexist
hey Sean .mixing it up again 
I really am opposed to the idea ,
I think our boys, from all backgrounds,
System is ultimately not responsible for raising our children
Sarah Sanders Huckabee HAS no credibility!
And this has anything to do with the conversation how?
It’s the voices in the head!
Back in the day the #BoyScouts was a good organization and/or institution.Merit badges were a great learning tool. Now don’t go into the wrong bathroom #Sad
I agree merit badges are great

I don't think they're getting rid of merit badges

Sorry if I missed a news item about that
Just meant when growing up, the challenge of a merit badge was fun and very educational. Now no more #BoyScouts as we once knew them #Sad

I know smoke is coming out of your ears trying to figure out a way to blame this on the Dems, the Clintons, the Obamas, Michelle Wolf, and the Mainstream Media.
Don't have to look for a way, we already know they are the culprits.
Take a look in the mirror.  Denial is the brain's way of protecting itself.
I take it you speak from experience.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Suggesting a new Scout oath as "Be pretty" undermines the capabilities of girls, who are often more prepared than boys. Please rethink your tweet and reflect on who you may offend when you post. More than half of your Arkansas constituents are women.
There are so many people arguing for "separate but equal" in these responses.  I guess old habits are hard to break...
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Thankfully, as always, the world moves on without you just as the "SCOUTS of America" has just now done.
The PC, liberal bizarro world that has come to fruition has become very disturbing to me and a lot of true Americans. Much of the war on masculinity began under #Obama and its picking up steam it seems...DISGRACEFUL! As a father of 2 I will stand against this lunacy! #BOYSCOUTS
Emasculation is quickly becoming an acceptable way of life and masculintiy has become a curseword; a polically incorrect term...
Yes, but just because the PC crowd says that we all must accept and adhere to their every BS whim...well I’m not buying it, and I think there are millions more masculine men in the US that aren’t buying the BS either.
Yes, this is a defeat against an American institution that upheld duty, honor, service to others and responsibility for oneself! Most importantly, this dissolve of the Boy Scouts is a direct hit against God’s creation of man and woman; separated by gender and responsibilities!
Huckabee Oath - “Be Petty”
Too bad. It WAS a great organization for our young boys to learn respect and value. Now it’s just another organization lost.
I was both a Cub Scout & Boy Scout. Mixing t/sexes would have ruined 4 boys t/focus needed on building their strengths & avoiding sexuality until a more mature age.  The same would hold true for young girls. There is nothing wrong with being a masculine boy or a feminine girl.
dale, wonna bet??
Hi Sandra. We know there are those who would, in their own misguided thinking, make it seem as though it is "wrong" for a boy to be "masculine" & a girl to be "feminine." But masculinity makes boys "cute" to feminine girls and feminine girls to be "pretty" to boys. So, it is.
Just when you thought things couldn’t get more stupid!
Destroy another American tradition. that is what the alt leftists  and democrats want.
It will eventually be the Alphabet Scouts
Soy Scouts
Liberals wont rest until we are all unisex.

We could see this coming, forty plus years ago, as a logical progression, when the gender differences began to be discouraged/de-emphasized under the umbrella/banner of #genderequality...
Why is it so bad to leave the Boy Scouts for boys and the Girl Scouts for girls? This is so stupid
makes me sick to my stomach, this is the femiNazis & haters wanting to emasculate the men in America, they can’t even have a club anymore that started 100 years ago? Liberalism has just about destroyed every American tradition @boyscouts WHY ? Their cowardice is a true disgrace!
I believe a new appropriate name would be ‘Girly Boy Scouts.’  In another year we could add ‘Tranny Girly Boy Scouts.’  In another year from then, we could add....
Seriously? Your son hung a dog at Boy Scout camp and you got him out of it. Nothing 'pretty' about that.

It’s a dirty rotten shame. How’s this different than any other predatory takeover?! Liberalism works through subversions. Sneaks up and snaps the jugular.
Amen
The degeneracy of America continues down its spiral path.
Yes, America as we once knew it is circling the bowl. Thank every democrat you know for the destruction they continue to do.
Now where will boys learn the necessary skills to hang a stray dog from a tree and use daddy’s political capital to try to cover it up?!
Yep @boyscouts are pretty much finished. I would never want any of my grandsons to participate & l am a former Scoutmaster. Lord Baden-Powell must be spinning in his grave.  My advice is boys grow up to be men & avoid scouting. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Your grand children are probably gay and hiding it from you.
@DisruptiveMonk is a liberal troll bonehead. Proves #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder Blocked
Your fascination with boys is a little troubling Mike.
You’re a dumb ass!

Troops will still be single-gender from ages 11 to 17, so how does having parallel groups for girls “emasculate” boys?
How would it “emasculate” them if the groups were commingled, anyway? Maybe if boys learned to work with girls as comrades sooner we wouldn’t have problems with sexual abuse in the workplace.
As a former BOY Scout, I’m sickened by this! 
When did it get to be a bad thing to be a little boy or a white man?
The problem isn’t just Obama. It happened bit by bit to the point he even got elected. I’ll go to the begining when Nikita Khrushchev said “We will destroy you from within!” as the pivotal beginning moment.
As the mother of an Eagle Scout, I am appalled by this PC decision.
As a former scout, eat shit
You're ludicrously stupid. Like, beyond human comprehension. It's charming in a 'bless your heart' kind of way.
The emasculating of an entire generation of males is officially under way... no more Boy Scouts, and “toxic masculinity” bs at UT? Men are being spayed and neutered in America thanks to the liberal mafia.
Governor they’re still separated at younger levels too and can have gender specific camp outs... but this gives them an opportunity to do something in rural areas
We had female boy scout camp counselors back at Camp Cherry Valley in the 1980s, and somehow I'm still prepared.
Will Sarah finally resign after having to lie for Trump repeatedly on the Press Briefings?
The rest of the world just has "Scouts"

it works pretty well

nothing to get worked up about

it could be great

I think Scouts everywhere believe in "Be Prepared"

Scouting's values are good for kids, Mike.
I am so sad today.
Get ready for all the sexual claims soon
I’ll say it again:
Liberals. 
Ruin. 
Everything.
Why are you such a miserable human being?
There is a difference between boys and girls and it is a shame the way the scouts have decided to go. Boys and girls both need time with same sex kids only. God is very disappointed 
old young child oath “pet puppies” 
huckabee young child oath “kick puppies to death”
oh so pretty ...
It must be the heat
Or some rare disease,
Or too much to eat
Or maybe it's fleas. (lyrics)
The emasculation of the Boy Scouts is complete.  Old Scout oath “Be Prepared.”  New oath “Be Pretty” https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/991940420681711616 …
I'm so offended you think and say this. As a woman, my daily goal isn't to "be pretty." You demonstrate you have zero respect for women and girls. I can't believe I ever voted for you.
Wake up this is the year 2018 where a 5 year old already knows they want to be the opposite gender
I don't know what that means, but ok.
Maybe if you hadn't raised a son who murders pets and a daughter who lies to the American people every day for cash your opinion would matter.
The Former Boy Scouts conveniently held their annual fund raising drive, Friends of Scouting just before making this announcement. They fraudulently fleeced a lot of money from members of my Church. This money should be returned.
..I went all the way with Scouts, Eagle, God and Country, Order of the Arrow, the WHOLE WAY.  It helped shape me into the American Man and Productive Citizen I Am Today. #PC Garbage Will Destroy A Great #USA Institution.  KEEP IT UP LIBS, You’re Dying a Slow DEATH #Reverant #MAGA
Maybe now is the time to start a new conservative boys club organization... Maybe we can call it "Boys of America" (BOA) or something. I would like to see how many titles true Americans can come up with, and than tweet your titles for America..
When does it end?
Mike Huckabee definitely wears dresses and lipstick to look pretty in the evenings
I’m sure you wish your daughter were pretty
The men of the Chinese army - our opponent - will be pleased to hear about American emasculation
I’m sure the women in the Chinese military will be sooo relieved
They fill a role for China, but warriors are men, they fight the wars.

Men fight and win wars. Boys must be trained to be men not neuters. That’s the point.

how about ‘trustworthy’ ‘honest’ Maybe @PressSec should have been in the Boy Scouts, curbed that chronic lying. Remember the Prez addressing Scouts about his coke & sex party on his yacht w child rapist buddy Epstein? @CNN @MSNBC
The Communist manifesto, ‘destroy the identity of the children and they will destroy the Nation’.
You are a POS!!!
We can mark that as one of the top 5 despicable things you have said and maybe the most sexist.
Wow this man is sexist 

@PressSec u hear this

#NationalDayOfPrayer #ThursdayThoughts
Sickening the poor kids will be so mixed up. Trail Life and American Heritage girls are the only good ones anymore for the kids.
PERHAPS THEY COULD USE A NEW RECRUITING POSTER FOR THEIR liberal SOCIALIZATIONAL EXPERIMENTATION ON OUR YOUNG PEOPLE~

FOR CRYIN OUT LOUD~ENOUGH OF THIS "TRANSFORMATIONAL" lib-SHIT~
JUST SAY NO TO liberals &their lib-SHIT-TURN EM OFF~TUNE EM OUT & VOTE EM OUT
you are a goddamn scourge upon the earth. I mean, sure, the hell your seed hath wrought with your progeny but also these jokes are so bad they kill the crops of the farmers you purport to support while cutting off at the financial knees.
I agree with the governor. The Boy Scouts that I was apart of is gone; so sad for the boys who will never know what the Boy Scouts of America was meant to be.
Can you get a merit badge for killing a dog? Asking for a friend.
#BoyScouts are a private organization and can call themselves whatever they want.  As long as this doesn't spill over into fucking up our annual #ThinMints suppy, I don't really care...
Mike fancies himself macho, huh?

Hahahahhaha. 

Suuuuure Mike. You're a mans man. Lmao.
We have had the explorer posts for a very long time and it allowed all genders.
frankly the BSA for what ever reasons of their own have decided and probably don’t care about the musings of a self righteous religious hypocrite and political hack.
You are absolutely right. End what's left of the Boy Scouts. Time for men to come together and help these young men be a man! Not a woman. Maybe start new club for boys to become real men. And call it that!
Terrible, offensive take, Mike. WAY worse than complimenting your daughter's eye shadow to make a joke and point out that she lies in public every day, btw.
Love it!! CEOCCFG ♡ The way you
say it Gov H,that's what I meant!
Thank you for raising such a great daughter she is the best ever!CEOCCFG ♡
The left will not be happy unless they infect their children as well. They have no thought process, let children be children.
What's the next target?  The Boy's Club?  #LibDerangement   #StopTheInsanity
I agree
Agree. Life long Scout and now out.
America needs to stand up to the PC Police as we will not have a country quickly
Women will never let men be men and boys be boys, as a man we will never again have men only clubs, for whatever reason we let women change our lives, with that said.... What color skirts will the boy scouts have to wear now?!?
Sad!
I don't wanna sit still and look pretty

Couldn't agree with you more. I am an Eagle Scout and love the Boy Scout experience - there is the Girl Scouts for girls. This is more of the gender confusion PC - our culture is in deep trouble and it starts with God's people being the salt and light Jesus declares.
This is the end of Boy Scouts so sad . Parents r from another planet to put there daughters in it when they have Girl Scouts
This is so heartbreaking. Boys have been enjoying this club for so long. It’s format gave boys the opportunity 2 grow and learn invaluable life lessons that can’t b taught. To have destroyed this amazing club like this will have far-reaching effects. So very sad.......
It does open up room for creating a new society for teaching boys how to grow up and become men that isn't already half broken / taken over by foolish liberals & SJWs.
Regardless of how you fell about this, the mission of the Girl Scouts is not "Be Pretty". Is your motto "Be Pretty Sexist"?
Shameful!
I wonder what new merit badges will come out of this?
The May have to change the name to HSA (human scouts of America)! Then no matter what sexual mindset one has will be covered!
I sure know where my grandsons won’t go Boy Scouts. Is there anything that these liberals don’t destroy with their crap
Feminists & the Sexually perverse are demanding rights to INFRINGE ANS TRAMPLE ON OTHERS RIGHTS. If they are allowed to continue this in 5 years you won’t have the U.S. Constitution any longer & you won’t recognize America. @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP #CloserNation @thebestcloser
Very sad. Great organization destroyed by the loons.
Wait for the new uniforms. Baden Powell is rolling in his grave. Non gender cookies anyone?
good one sir.
I think the Brownies need to drop the brown. Brown is not inclusive.
I thought the rebranded Liberace Scout’s new motto was “be fabulous”
Boy Scouts is dead. Will never associate with that group ever again.
Betcha michelle moore and roberta deniro are happy now.
Two hours ago: "Let's pray for unity." 
One hour later: "Destroy the Boy Scouts because there's disagreement about whether to admit females."
Has this actually happened yet? I only tweeted about it early in the week and now it has been agreed?  Unbelievable.  Are you serious about the new oath? Boys dont have to say "Be Prepared"  but only "Be Pretty"  -  that is wildly wrong.   Anne x
The first aid kit at the jamborees now include midol and Tampax.
I was in the Scouts in South Africa.  Boys and girls.  We each had separate activities.  USA I believe is the only country where Boy Scouts are.  Also Scouts will have a negative impact on the liberal Girl Scout organization. I would rather my daughter in Scouts not Girl Scouts.
Just stop, Huckabee. If boys can't defend their being boys, they have already lost the game.
Camping trips will be more fun!
And the Disney Knight in Shining Armor will be wearing pink frills, the damsel in distress will be a MObama type with a whip to keep him in line.
Americans  ... be prepared
There ain't nothing manly about going camping with a bunch of GIRLS! Yuck! They are soooo icky! Oh my god, do they pee out of their butts or what?
It seems the left with their insane PC will leave no stone unturned, Governor.
The Left destroys everything they touch
May be they want to be pretty.
I see males with eyebrows done walking the street and think to myself, may be this is normal now.
For me perfect eyebrows = annoying person, just as every teacher in my little school was annoying, they had perfect eyebrows, all of them, no kidding.
I assume there will now be men and women as escorts for these kids or still just men? Wow what could go wrong
Liberals destroy everything they touch.
If I had a son with these developments I would keep him out of the Boy Scouts
You are showing your sexism
No, they aren't dead, they are evolving to meet the needs of future generations.  Scouting  teaches essential tenets to young people and has for over a hundred years. Like truthfulness,  courtesy, manners, helping neighbors and strangers. Things your entire family lacks.
Someone start a new boy organization. Plenty of interested people, that's for sure.
If they do, it will be ruined when some girl gets her knickers in a bunch because she can’t join the boys only club. Libs are on a mission to make boys effeminate little Obama wimps. There are youth groups for boys and girls. Leave BOY scouts alone!
Governor, why don't you help start a new group for members of the "scouts" that don't want to be a part of this new group. Call them, "Freedom Rangers" and just ask the majority already in place to quit the "scouts" and sign up with the Freedom Rangers?
Don't agree with the decision and sometime down the road this will be regretted. Young boys and girls should have their own organization and interaction, part of growing up. Boys at that age feel uncomfortable with girls around. Not fair to either.
You’re such an icon for masculinity, Mike.
Why do you care? You are neither.
Young teenagers & middle schoolers camping out together; what could go wrong?
Just don’t let @realDonaldTrump go along.
You are obviously a product of our liberal educational system #ignorance
Oh, maybe you don’t remember when @realDonaldTrump bragged about barging Inyo the dressing room of a Teen Beauty Pageant. Wait. You think I’m a Liberal because I think Trump is a disgusting toad?  I am 10X as morally, fiscally and Constitutionally Conservative than Trump.
More stupid gossip #ignorance
Huckabee: "Girls are never prepared for anything like the manly-ultra-masculine-male race that I am part of which is why I cried when @michelleisawolf made a comment about my daughters makeup after my daughter defended lie-filled Nazi videos that may have led to hate crimes!
See this for proof of hate crime correlation
Don’t make me file a complaint @GovMikeHuckabee 

It’s The Person Scouts now.
So now it’s Scouts,BSA?   What does BSA stand for?
I bet they won't even teach boys how to torture and kill a dog at scout camp anymore, what a shame
Truly a sad day for America and the future fathers of Americans.
This is so crazy....  come back Jesus
Wow. Typical misogynist bullshit. Maybe we should tell the girls to shut up and go back to the kitchen too.
Unless you’re a Huckabee. Then it’s ‘Torture and kill dogs. Also, lie.’
Finally!  #MAGA
So sad. The Leftist women’s plan to emasculate men.  Look at Time magazine cover to view emasculated men
Clutch those pearls a little harder, @GovMikeHuckabee, you wouldn't want to drop them... 
NOW I see what's  going on with Sarah.......
Just sad!! Absolutely sad!
TIME TO SHUT DOWN BOY SCOUTS AND GIRL SCOUTS! CAN BE REVIVED ANOTHER TIME AFTER GREAT AWAKENING & PEOPLE RETRIEVE THEIR MINDS..ITS LIKE MASS BRAINWASHING THE CHAOS AND CRAZINESS!
Everything dems touch dies frickening sad!
Teen pregnancies. Sexual assaults. Instead of cookies and badges.
I see In The Future, no more BSA..... You can't be Scouts BSA. Does not make any sense to me at all.
BSA is only a ploy to donate.

Mike I think the left so trying to give a new definition to circumcision. I am convinced there looking for the end of mankind. Bull Shoals Lake sounding pretty good gov
They already have a program in the BSA for girls, it's called the venture crew
Nope..  No way no how..
"Oh so pretty oh so pretty oh so pretty and bright"

The King and I (??)
Or, " Be prepared. Period ahead.

Sexist much?
Here’s the thing.. Kids aren’t interested in being scouts anymore.  I wasn’t interested in it in the early 80s.   They are trying to increase their membership.
New Scout Motto: Better to lie than lose.
Spoken like an Incel who got lucky 3x in his life.
This is why you was elected governor of Arkansas! Well said sir. There's always the Royal Rangers. It's sad that American history is being erased by liberals.
Let’s be honest, like priests inthe church, scout masters have been “emasculating” children since inception.
We wil not give to the Boy Scouts
Using sororities and fraternities as examples of good separation, is perhaps your first faulty argument
You raised a daughter who lies to America while collecting a taxpayer funded salary and a son that killed a dog on a Boy Scout trip. You shouldn’t be allowed to breed yet alone dictate anything to people who raised decent children.

.@realDonaldTrump:
Add a little adventure to your life. Disguise yourself as a stray dog, then knock on #DavidHuckabee’s front door.
#MikeHuckabeesKids 
Your son kills dogs
And the Boy Scouts was very competitive... Physically and mentally, but also required teamwork... The kind that would suffer if gender was an issue. And gender IS AN ISSUE, don't care who you are or what you a doing. Freud was right. Thought we ALL learned that Last Generation...
Hope the new #SoyScouts fails. Someone needs to start a new club that is ONLY for boys.
And, use protection on overnight camping!
So you're mad that the parents of little girls want them to learn the same skills as the boys? 
You're mad that the girl scouts aren't going to stick to "girl activities" like braiding and cookies?
Get over it, old man.
