DIRTY COP DESTROYED CONFIDENCE IN FBI AND DOJ.
Besides the book is unauthorized as Comey is Gov. Huckabee, we're concerned that it may also contain classified information! Did a FED GOVT REP review it's contents? It should have been! Comey leaked it before USA!
Well USA! It now appears that a FED GOVT REP did not review Comey's book for Classified Information. However, justice will be served! Our Friends @JudicialWatch are right on Target! They're looking into Comey's $2 Million Book Deal =

ENEMY NUMBER ONE! LOCK THEM UP! Mueller-run FBI ignored Russian corruption in the 2010 approval of the  Uranium One deal in the Obama-era. Giving Russia a stake in the American  Uranium market. Clinton instructed Mueller to Deliver Uranium to Russia!  https://youtu.be/QqqWWqVAM48 
How dare Jim Comey compare @realDonaldTrump to a "Mob Boss." So in keeping with Comey's insulting and outrageous comparison of our @POTUS, then this makes Comey in Mobspeak, nothing more than a RAT!
Comet will end up jail
I like that pansy Comey thought he looked like a mob boss. I like that better than #BarackObama tiptoeing around.
Oh look...the Huckster has jokes...really bad jokes.
What would you know and what are your great accomplishments
POTUS is a MOB BOSS.  No doubts.
No problem, Comey has Z E R O
Credabilty now!!!
What's worse? To be compared as a boss ? Or to be Fredo ?
And Trump was right! This is a pattern DC is corrupt and we no it! Drain the swamp!!!!
Your hatred for other people is mind boggling.
Everyone should hate rogue cops.
Comey is just sorry he is unemployed and relegated to peddling a book of lies and fantasies. McCabe will be the next book peddler.
Comey doesn’t care about being unemployed; Clinto made him rich. He’s pissed that he was exposed to the public by Trump, forcing the left to re-plan the coup taking up his free time.
NOT WATCHING..NOT BUYING BOOK..NOT SUPPORTING RATING FOR A CRIMINAL...HOPE ALL TRUMPSTERS DO THE SAME
Most people realize @Comey is a liar & a fraud who's just upset Trump fired him. He'll always be remembered as the man who ruined & weaponized the @FBI.
Please, Vote & Retweet so we can get many people participating in this critical question!
Everybody agrees: Foreign influence to US Elections is a high-level National Security concern. If you were the President to protect the United States of America would you enforce Voter-ID regulations with an Executive Order to make sure that only American Citizens can VOTE?
So, where's the outrage for Comey's name calling?  MSM always has a cow when Trump says something
I ask this again: who the hell told this guy that he's funny?
The libs who know nothing including you
PEEPEE tape
Comet and Romney are the last 2 honorable men with backbone
Love
Jim who?
Best response EVER!!
Thanks Linda
Ya don’t say ... tell me his name and forget about it
That’s because he is a mob boss. Who ask people for loyalty?
It's almost as if he started writing the book before he was terminated 
Thanks Mike keep up the good work Live you and your daughter
Hahaha! I enjoy your post & tweets. Geez this MSM are out of control!
As if any of you are that competent...Mike keep your racist bullshit to yourself.

As someone with a little experience with mob bosses, I’m going to say that Little Donnie Russiapants is winning the mob boss sweepstakes in a landslide.
He a Winner.
More of a wiener.
You are confused  that's Antonio Wiener.
No, I am not. He had the sense to step down.
I think he in jail.Does your President look like a hot dog to you.
No, but yours looks like an orange one. BTW His name is Anthony. He  never went to jail. He stepped down,  pled out, paid 10k fine. Unlike traditional Republican bottom feeders, I don't care if you are R or D because I love my country more than hate the idiot in the oval office.
Ok that was fun,u r the wiener.
I would call you a hog breeder...
You don't know right from wrong, kindness from mean-spiritness?
Is that a Trump supporter, trying to pretend as if she values kind-spiritedness?  OMG it is.  Too funny.  Will you be here all week?
I responded to an unkind tweet from someone as a human-being to a human-being. 
Reading through your timeline I note that you hold disdain for others based upon their political affiliation. Do you also hold racial disdain? Gender disdain? Where I come from, you might be a bigot.
You support someone who earned the enthusiastic endorsement of the KKK and the American Nazi Party for his ethnic cleansing and anti-woman platform.  Spare me your disingenuous blather, Mr. Russian troll with the stolen AA avatar.  No one's buying it.
The KKK also endorsed Hillary Clinton. Spare me your fake support for black people & black woman struggle liberal white man! You are far more dangerous to black advancement than any KKK or Nazi efforts. #ISeeYou #FakeAlly
The Klan didn't endorse Hillary Clinton.  Every one of her policy stances is abhorrent to them.  And try to fake native-born English a little better than this, Ivan.  It's comical.

"fake support for black people & black woman struggle liberal white man"
I'd rather deal with the black-hating KKK & Nazis than white stab-you-in-the-back liberals any day. I've had lifelong practice identifying both. 
THIS is what the white left represents to me as a black woman... hidden agenda.
I don’t believe @POTUS gave Comey (Fredo) a big kiss on the mouth.
Did someone tell you that you were funny once? If it was your mum, a hint: she was being polite.
Can’t we all be more civil and work together.

Like I've said Often, and I never tire of saying it, bc it's so True: When they have nothing to accuse the President of, 'The Democrats Make it Up as they Go!' "Where no wood is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth." Proverbs 26:20 KJV
Look. Huckabee watched Godfather part II once. He's normal people.
Lmao,  does he know fredo got killed...
No one believes Comey, a known Liar
Trump has a history of behaving like a mob boss.  He has continued that behavior in the White House.

Trump heard 10 seconds of information about a state legislator in Texas & Trump says:

"Do you want to give his name? We'll destroy his career."

THAT’s a   #mobBoss
Trump demanded personally loyalty... not to the country/People.   THATS a mob boss....
All this FBI , Comney, Rosenstein, Mueller,  and the whole lot of them...I have NEVER seen such ABUSE OF POWER in my life! Look let's not forget Obama and Hillary who started this whole thing!!!!  Bunch Of CROOKS & LIARS!!! DISGUSTING!!!!
Comey is a turncoat
There will come a point when all will prefer to conceal they ever supported Trump.

Their leaders, especially the evangelical terrorists who declared Trump is endorsed by God, will forever be regarded and ridiculed as collaborators.

...and still you'll miss the irony.
You Nazis suck at jokes.
@HEYWALIO21
Lol!!! Comey is a joke...
You are such a joke.
So that would make him "the Don" or Chairman of the Board! So then Obama would be like Hillary's "comare"? 

Are you really a Governor ? I am European. I can't believe you go so low !
And who the hell Comey think he is?  Mother Theresa?   Laughable really laughable!   Lock this SOB for good....what a worthless piece of garbage!  I won’t read your book, Comey, I will boycott it!   BOYCOTT BOYCOTT.
@Comey Everything is ALWAYS about YOU! Poor Jimmy!NOT ! Precious Fragile ego!
Comey is Fredo. #MobBoss
Lol
Name calling is the new GOP
Is this the same George that covered up for Hillary and Bill before he was a “journalist” interviewing Comey who covered up for Hillary?
Fredo = Don Jr.
LOL!
Governor, I bet you never imagined way back when that your opinions would be triggering mental patients.
Technology is beautiful.  

What does that make Comey?
Pictured: a book.
Is that supposed to be funny?
U loved him when he screwed HRC out of the presidency!
Lol
Did Jesus teach you that? #hypocrite
That's funny!
Preacher, you have gone real low!  Don’t whine when people talk about your daughter.....a grown woman who defends (lies) for a corrupt administration.  Looks like the gloves are coming off.......
Sick of Comey. Would not buy anything of his nor listen to him.
Good one sir I love it
Haha
@GovMikeHuckabee you have some of the best Tweets!
Watch what you say, Jimmy...
I love my President!!
great fast thinking on Trump end LOL

phat.
LOL I never know if things are true with you or if you're pulling our leg. Either way you keep things light. 
God's Best...
Oh comey Forgot to mention that he’s a mobster with all the swamp will get to gather
Try again Mike - b/c that makes ZERO sense
Fredo, that's hysterical 
We love our President calling Comey Fredo!
So what your saying is JC has zero sense of humor 
Comey nd mueller and the clintons really are mob.
Fredo in the #DemMafia
Confucius say, "What is the sound of one hand clapping?"
Like Shakespeare, there’s an appropriate Godfather quote for every situation, especially epic tragedies like the Comey-Mueller corruption.
Ha
Comey is one big liar! All the liars will be turning on each other
Like a mob boss Trump gets things done! We didn't elect a choir boy or career politician we elected an outsider and the career peeps can't stand it - Comey is rich fat and happy and trump insulted him and he's mad mad mad
You and your daughter r delusional. "CHRISTIAN LIARS" what folks would do for a minute of fame shame on both of you
So who's ghandalf...oh wait that was Frodo...
Uhh. That's not why he called him a mob boss...
Attacking law enforcement for doing their job. How funny. I used to think you had regard for our institutions. Guess not.
Whomever chooses to give their hard-earned $ to buy @Comey book, they are endorsing cont'd cover-up, corruption and the swamp. RT if you agree. @ScottPresler @DiamondandSilk 
#DontBuyTheBook
#ObamaDeepState
#corruption 
#DeepState
#DeepStateSwamp
#DeepStateCorruption
Your large adult son murdered a dog
You pig how is your dog killing son
He is mad because he got caught lying. How dare we question his integrity. Somewhow he got Clittonized along his way. Too bad he also lost his integrity
that's not how you post video.
He’s a mob boss for calling him Fredo? I don’t get it. I could see if Trump called him Jimmy the Stilts but not Fredo
Well Comey thinks he is God, so I am sure he will put himself in HERO mode, or victim of poor poor pitiful me.......Comey.

You love only those who love you. Your words define you faith, Gov. People are watching you, listening to you. Are you drawing them into your precious faith, or casting negative traits upon it? Just curious about your faith. That's all.
...or because Trump’s actually quite heavily connected to and involved in mafia business operations. Mike, you really haven’t paid much attention to the business world in, oh, let’s just say - any point in time in the last 40 years - have you?
This coming from the man that single handedly has ruined the reputation of the once great FBI. Worse than J. edgar!!
Crude jesting. Can't control your tongue. Mocking. Thinking it is okay because "the other side does it." Completely ignoring the Beatitudes. Not understanding the harm you do by your words. Christianity does not work if you are Christ's example.......
Who is the mob?
Fredo???!!!!! Lmao!
 great film!!! Grazie! lol
No matter how hard you try #youarestillirrelevant
It's hard to really follow Christ and scripture instead of man made doctrine. You have chosen to hold hands with the world and to follow the footsteps of a political party.  You swapped your faith for things that your Christ would never be involved with. Sad.
Don JR is Fredo. Everyone knows it.
Gotta love Pres. Trump for his acuity!
No, I think he is a wanna be mob boss.  I think Trump is merely a ConMan!!!  He conned so many people into voting for him which is why we are where we are.
Nice try Huckabee. At least 80 percent of the people know why Comey calls Trump “Mob Boss”. The rest, like yourself and Republican legislators stand by Trump through the bigotry , corruption, misogyny, porn stars and golden showers because your agendas are being met.
What would you say your agenda is ?  Just curious. Lois Lerner IRS scandals. Fast and furious , Benghazi, Tarmak, Foster murder , Haiti, email scandal, DNC rigging , Hacking , Iran Deal 3billion Cash given, turn blind eye to Hezbollah flooding drugs into our country. Rus uranium
I don’t have enough characters on Twitter to give you my full agenda. But you could say pretty much AGAINST everything Corrupt Trump and most of the corrupt Republicans legislators stand for. Don’t pay attention to conspiracy theories. FACTS PLEASE.
Lol

He definitely acts like a mob boss
what a joke lol- you are not funny but funny
Huckabee, you AND your Papi, the POTUS, are incompetent boobs.
THE BOOK TITLE SHOULD BE.  THE UN-UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. HOW THE FBI UN UNITED A ONCE GREAT NATION WITH LIES
Loved the quote gov.
We know he's not a mob boss since we all remember what happened to Fredo.
Gosh Golly Gee
FREDO is MAD about getting CAUGHT 
Yeah, that’s the “only reason” he said that.
Lmbo- Proud Partners  2020
Will not watch
Lovely.  Just straight on point. Comey is a Swamp Rat
Gov Huckabee dont buy that book
Liberals are everything they say Conservatives are.
I would love to know if @potus would rather deal with Fat Tony Salerno and S&A or @Comey and the FBI?  As of today, the Genovese Family is more honorable.
Who is "FREDO" a dog?! sorry I missed the reference. Help
LoL! I Love Your Humor!! 
@Comey is totally Fredo
Not very Christian of you.

Trump is a mob boss wanna be dictator.
Man that campaign sure drank a lot of coffee.    (Maybe that's why his tweets are so unhinged?)
Hey Mike, I found a recent picture of you, and you're welcome to use it as a new profile picture.

You're welcome.
@jimcomey can’t be trusted.  I wouldn’t read his book of fiction.
Haha  this made me laugh .
You’re right. There’s no way that @realDonaldTrump is smart enough to be a mob boss.
So do I.
Very nice, even have the link.
Mike Huckabee most of us know that "Fredo" is Trump's dimwitted son, Eric.   We understand your antipathy toward Comey.  When Trump is impeached your lovely daughter will be out of work and as toxic as all of Donald's other sycophants.
WoW
This just made me laugh out loud! 
You’re a has been
You do realize that if we are to logically follow through on your 'humorous' analogy, that makes Donald Trump the Michael Corleone character . . . the Godfather. In other words, you're criticizing Comey for calling Trump a mob boss, by literally calling Trump a mob boss.
You broke my heart, Fredo.
Now that is funny because I said that to a someone who sold me out, of course I didn't kiss him on the lips, which is disgusting, NOT that there's anything wrong with that.....lol
A “mob boss;” that’s a good one!! I can just see the memes…
Comey should look out for Luca Brasi.
Okay, you get that, @amyklobuchar? Your classmate @Comey called him "mob boss" only because he called Comey "Fredo". Because I know @GStephanopoulos won't run it that way.
Psychological projection is a theory in which humans defend themselves against their own unconscious impulses by denying their existence in themselves while attributing them to others One who is a Crime Boss may constantly accuse others of being It incorporates blame shifting.
Comey was the "Deep State" Consigliere.  Trump fired this hit man!
Whos a mob boss? Oh my God what have I started? I just saw something about XI GANG from China. Who's that?

WTF is wrong with you?
He's just mad cause he got fired


They're all BUSTED   Hillary and  Bill  and Pelosi and Schumer and Schiff and Comey ...and  Barzini ,,, Phillip Tattaglia.... Moe Greene..Stracci..Cuneo.  Today I settled all family business so don't tell me that you're innocent. Admit what you did.
Comey lies and his book is his version of any and all events
Good one 

Huckabee, do you approve of adultery??
Yes he does,so does his daughter a very sad person

If he did commit adultery, and his wife forgave him, it's none of our business. If it did happen it was long before he decided to run for office. If he did this what does it make Bill Clinton?
Clinton is not President, Trump is!! Big difference! Trump is in the spotlight! Not Obama, not bill clinton, and not hillary!
Clinton WAS Pres and was in office when he had an affair with a 22 year old. Her life was ruined being vilified by HRC and the media. Why don’t you ask @MonicaLewinsky about that.
But but Hillary
No. This time both Clintons. I know their past bad behavior is unpalatable to you but you can’t erase it.
The tweet concerned Comey & suddenly was diverted to the Clintons. It’s tiresome
I see the liberals turning everything into a Trump bash! E V E R Y T H I N G ! !
You meant "hocks", dumbass. How complicit in tRUmp's Russian money-laundering and other organized crime are you, that you are willing to attack career FBI leadership with a distinguished record?


So how much did you get when you sold your soul?
OMG...everyone knows with half a brain Crazy Clinton is the real godmuther gov. mafia. Hence where all the gov. corruption stems from. I'm sure Mueller, Comey, Lynch, FBI etc etc etc are on her payroll-putting @POTUS in the hot seat bogus investigation instead of her. @Trumponly



I'd rather be called Fredo than Bubba you redneck S.O.B
Nice work putting party over country. Putin approves your behaviour
If he was You would of been history.
His ego took him down. Most ppl full of the self go to the well once to often. Criminal bunch



Mob-Boss-?

Mob-Bosses-hire-better-lawyers
especially-if-they-do-business-with-Russian-Oligarchs

Michael-Cohen-is-no-Bruce-Cutler

If-an-Oligarch-pays-you-$100-million-on-a-Florida-home-you-purchased-for-40,
they-might-want-sanctions-lifted.

#DavidDennison

@11thHour 
@AC360
   Love your posts Sir!
That doesn't make a bit of sense.
And don't you wonder why Comey was so intimidated by PDJT?
Lol sounds about right. Problem is Jimmy C lost his credibility covering Hillary and being a puppet to Don Hussain Obama.
Are you 6?
