Congrats!! Too bad the majority of conservative voices on twitter are either suspended for defending our agenda or shadow banned regularly but maybe soon that will change
Congrats Mike!

Trump was a registered Democrat at the time. Go ahead look it up.
Answer this question. Everyone that is against President Trump never has a lot of followers. Whats up with that?
8 numbers after ur twitter handle tells me ur just another bothole whose only original thought is copying someone else meme to retweet
Do you agree Obama was a Muslim?
If you cant be civil. GOODBYE
Sorry mike I know your old but you are NOT the governor you are the X

WTG!! congratulations 
Please stop posting pictures of Hillary Clinton
1,000,001
So happy for you!  You are loved by many people
Any of them human ?
Nope. Just Christians and Trump cultists. No real people.
Topical! Thanks Huck! I hope you get a million more so more people get to like you as much as I do!
Nice one Mike. Lol.
oh hell yeah mike
Be happy when is a million For Jesus, that is Far away from your heart
1 million and 1, Baby.
Making another run for Prez?
With the bots factored out, every single one a certifiable douchebag. Just like you. #douchebag
Let me know when you really matter to America. Now this is a Following.
1 million dummies
One million and one
Lmao that's good Mike.
#ManiacalLaugh
#Huckabee2024
#MAGA
#WINNING 
Congrats to 1M follows, Gov.
MUAHAHAHAHAHA!
Only because people want to know what you are tweeting about tRump

Hey governor.  You are great but your daughter and WH Press Sec is totally AWESOME
1 million sheeples....
FEC hit with lawsuit over ignoring civil complaint - Tyranny News
You still make me sick to my stomach and I would not follow you anywhere.
Keep your pants on, Dr. Evil, they're mostly bots.
Careful as much as mike Myers is hating on republicans now he might come out offended by this. No one will care tho it’s not the early 2000’s but still.
Congrats!!!!
We love you man what can we say 
Im only 997546 followers away from 1 million - come on people it’s so simple just follow me and let get going now or else let’s just shut it down
Yeah well I got 47, So I'm almost there.
Yep, lots of us followers are here to laugh at you & mock you. It's so easy because your posts are so pathetic, hypocritical, and/or full of lies. 

BTW, what did the bible say about boastfulness & pride? Never mind. We know you forgot the verses.
yes, good job.
Glad to be one of your newest ones!
A lot of your followers don’t like you, FYI.
Count me as one in a million!
To make fun of you and get memes. Thank you
Congrats Mike! I love you & your family - you are a true Patriot! 
Awesome! The meme is hilarious!
Don’t go getting cocky, @twitter might up their algorithm to have more conservative followers drop off and get you back below a half million by tomorrow morning.  :)
I just had to jump on this band wagon as your tweets are AWESOME!!!...so, now you're at 1,000,000+...
So vain.
Congrats Governor, make that 1 million and one, I just followed you. 
Dr Evil, perfect choice

I'm surprised I have 94 followers, given the ridiculousness of some of
my tweets, memes and gifs; not to mention I'm a "nobody"...
Talk about 1 million who hate your trump puppet guts.
Congratulations to you, @GovMikeHuckabee! And counting!
this is actually funny! nice one mike!
Congrats!
You are so shallow and vain.
God bless!

CONGRATULATIONS MIKE!
The larger you get the more you get censored. 

1,000,001
Sheep seems more appropriate.
No man we are not talking about CNN followers.
LOVE you!!!!!  Love your daughter more though...  Keep up the good work!
1,000,000,001

celebrating...?
Damn it Mike,  I was hoping to beat you to that numder. 
I got stalled by twiter jail of conservitive opinion twice!
Good work Gov.

Gov. Huckerbee, I’m glad you
‘re there to help guide our country the Lords way!  Jean Brooks,  Hixson, TN
What a great #selfie !
Awesome!
Worth every read!! Thanks. I appreciate your messages.
Many follow Satan too. Don't let this go to ur head.



You might want to do a #Bot check.
1,000,000 damned fools.


 
U R jealous, yes!?
Hahaha, exactly
"A million followers isn't exactly a lot of people these days. Katy Perry alone has over 9 billion followers a year!"
liar
Are you smoking pot?
Congrats Gov!  You are truly a great American!!

Congrats Mike on 1mm Followers 
In the words of Donald J Trump 
that's "HUGE "
You would make Tommy's Mommy Day by Honoring her Son w Your #547 Follow 
Hahaha!
Jesus only needed 12 to make a difference.
+1
Proud to be one of them!
 well deserved
Congratulations 
You don’t really matter.
Congrats mini-me?
You paid for how many of those?
How many are known liars?
How many are dog killers?
How many have slept with porn stars while their wives are pregnant?
How many are traitors?
How.many can't put 2 and 2 together?
How many are sibling lovers?

How many have you led astray you fake
Raises hand and guesses...1 million?
This...

https://twitter.com/zingazingzing/status/986274978193539072 …
How many are fake or paid for?
Proud to be one in a million!!
People love to see you making an ass of yourself.
Hey if it works for your Role Model Mr Trump, it should work for you too, keep on it.
Lol
Nice but expected 
...k that’s pretty funny.

MeeeeeeeeeeLiiiiiiiiiion
Congrats
Great news. Now we know which 999,999 Americans are completely bat$hit crazy. Thank you for making the list for us. 

#AlzheimersDisease
#MentalHealth
#onemillion & counting!!

Dude...you rock!!!

#MikeHuckabee
#followers
Awesome!!
Who are you Jesus Christ  jkin love it keep it up
Congratulations on 1 million followers...

99 million to go and you’ll catch President Obama.
....and your daughter is the "false witness" mouthpiece for the actual Dr. Evil? 
Well deserved

Congrats... keep on...keep on
Way to go Huck!
Congrats! 
You may have the order of the #Swanson 
Gov Mike Huckabee a great man.
Watch as twitter shrinks them to 50.
Congratulations! Love your tweets!
 WTG!!
Awesome!
Mostly people who think you are a slimeball like me LOL
Thanks Mike for all your hard work....congratulations.
Million and 1
Awesome! I bet you're more popular now than ever! Why not run against Cuomo this year? We need a good conservative!
Well deserved! Woo Hoo! 
But you still are an asshole
I am 1,000,002
Congrats! 
Are you celebrating because that’s the magic number to bring the dog back to life that your son killed?

And I am damn proud to be one of them.
Congrats, Mike. You’re the best!!!


He who exalts himself...shall be humbled.
1,000,001 with me!
CONGRATS, but why dont u help some of us out by FOLLOWING ?
Congrats!!!
Congratulations
Same
This is nice to see. 

Needless to say we support you. 

Congrats.
Congratulations Sir
Yay fake accounts all followed you.. And the peasants should rejoice for you correct? Fraud...
Congrats!
Not a flattering photo of James Clapper?
Congrats Guv!
1,000,000 and 1 now.
800,000 follow to disagree with your post.
That's a lot of Red Kool-Aid.
You the MAN !    Congrats !
Yet still no sharks with freakin’ laser beams on their heads. What’s it gonna take, people, to get this squared away for the good Rev’rend? Huh? An act of Congress?! A petition?! Some kinda half ass fund raiser?! (Now go back and read that like Gunnery Sgt. Hartman.) RIP
Mr Huckabee Sessions and Rosenstein need to go they r corrupt!!

Woohoo! That means I'm one-in-a-million!
Oh, you are such a braggart (LOL)!!!!
Congrats!
Russian bots don't count Mike. Shill for POTUS much? How do you feel about payoffs to sex partners? You must support that kind of stuff because you support Trump.
NICE!!!!!! 
Congratulations!!!
A million of us should show up with guns at the Dept of Justice

1001130 and climbing!!!
You deliver common sense with dose of humor.  Thanks for supporting POTUS’ agenda, unlike myriad jealous, sore losers like @JohnKasich .
You're among the BEST! Your daughter @PressSecSanders, too! Must be in your genes. 
Good for u!!!
1000001 now.
Very Poor record with the follow backs.
Appreciate you Mike
Congrats
Glad you found an accurate picture to represent your life.
I just noticed I was not following you anymore.  I had to hit the button again.  What’s up with that?
Lol. Congrats on a million followers! You have a great sense of humor and I enjoy watching your spots on Fox. (And you raised an awesome daughter!)
It's because you're a national treasure, Governor.  Thank you for your continued service to our country! #MAGA
You deserve it! Congrats!
VERY impressive. Congrats.
Nice, Gov! Congrats!!
1/2 are here for the hypocrisy
.And delighted to be one of your followers, governor!!!
1,000,001
Can you get all this followers to vote ?
Your the best
You’re funny
750,000 of them are trolls 

You da man

Always appreciated you great sense if humor while staying pricipaled Mike. Keep on tweeting. 
Congratulations 
I was happy when I hit 300 
About half of them fake.  Popular with the boys in Russia
Congratulations!!!
LOL
Cool beans Gov!! 
 #Huckabee 
Always weird and sad when someone has to tell you they think they are popular...
How many are Russian?  Bots?
HUCKY, THEY ARE ALL PROBABLY COMMUNIST
