Ey Fuckabee, you and your idiot kind can take a hike off of the tower of idiocy that you sit upon.  Your insignificant contribution to society is unnecessary.  Good day sir.
Please don't situate yourself on that tone when replying to the huckster
Nice pic!
You're a good man Mr Huckabee
Getting ridiculous trying to explain reality to Trump supporters.  Never have people been so closed minded to facts and truth.  Trump's impeachment will be just what those people deserve.  They will spend years scrapping his bullshit off their shoes.
Use condoms.
You are a manipulator and a pretty awful writer and (so called) christian.
https://shareblue.com/mike-huckabee-capitol-police-fbi-investigation/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Your failure to criticize moral failings of folks like Trump and Duggars. Sex sins are the most egregious in God's eyes Sinful Republicans get a mulligan but others get the fire!
First of all Sarah can’t even look straight forward. If she worked for a liberal president YOU and the right would clown her daily. 2nd your daughter LIES for a man that makes a mockery of the “faith” you hold so dearly.
Blah blah blah. Grow up, grow a pair.
Color me surprised and hopeful. I certainly would not have read anything by her if not for your recommendation. Thank you for bringing it to light. God bless you and your incredible daughter (and family all).
Thank you
Will do...and this is a great picture!

Mike, your article is condescending and hypocritical. Often, I've read your posts, filed with invective and divisive attacks against citizens, merely for being liberal (a word you use as a pejorative.) Don't lecture others on civility, when you are not civil.
Nevermind the book by the intelligent @sallykohn ..when are u going to announce that Sarah just might be coming out of the closet?
Nice job being condescending while telling liberals to not argue with conservatives by being condescending. Just perfection.
What are you hiding??
Just what do YOU have to hide?  This makes YOU sound guilty as hell!  https://shareblue.com/mike-huckabee-capitol-police-fbi-investigation/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …  #FakeChristian
Did you seriously suggest raiding the FBI? Have you lost your mind?
Traitors... you and your ugly daughter
What about trump’s love child?
You’re crazy.
I love you and what you stand for. You are a genuinely good man w/ sound judgement, morals, politics, & demeanor. God bless you Governor.
Greetings from North Florida
J. Bradley Heck


Antichrist Anarchist As$hole Associate At Abyss
YOU AWARD INGRAHAM FOR HER S.......
Okay.  I don’t think you’re a very nice person.  Peace and love.  Peace and love.
Kohn is a big time hater..
I don’t@believe her for one minute!
Gden showers I hear now and maybe above child
Republicans are in deep shit!!!!

THOU SHALL NOT BEAR FALSE WITNESS AGAINST THY NEIGHBOR????





we love you Mike Huckabee!!!!
As a Christian, I feel sorry for you.
I have a question: have you read Comey's book yet?
Nice to know there are reasonable people on both sides! (Pretty sure some of the haters in your feed didn’t read the article) Twitter obviously brings out the worst in some people.. they couldn’t possibly be that hateful in person- right?
Gov Huckabee, I always go by this, "We don't have to agree in order to love one another.'  I have tweeted this many times to people who have differing opinions on here.  Some get it, some do not.  Great article.  Thanks.
here's hoping Congress will read this too
Sounds to me like you’re trying to be a shit starter
No Mike! She will be Acknowledged for her Insight, Intelligence & Heart - Liberals Appreciate Honesty & Thoughtful Dialogue! Glad to see that You Will Give Her a Kudoo!
Agreed!!
If it says that you're a stand up guy or in any way relevant, you're probably right. #youarestillirrelevant

Nice fence.
Ew @sallykohn. First you badly fumble your apology to @aminatou and then this dum-dum applauds you? You stank.
u trade in blasphemous heaps of stilted lard...pimpin scripture 4 your gain...SHAME...SHAME
plz add me @GovMikeHuckabee
Time to take the folksy act back to the farm

I just got through reading the article. It was one of the best articles I believe it to be one of the best I've read in years. As usual I agree with almost everything you said. Excellent. Looking forward to other articles you consider important.
That shirt makes you look fat Mike. Oh wait, you are fat.
Well said Govenor. I get offended with the bad language & offensive hateful comments. Lets agree to disagree & be kind to each other.
I have always said that there is something not right with Sally Kohn.  Not to mention completely unhinged!
you mean her tabloid friends
Good read.


Didn’t read the article I see.
No way!
I don't believe anything that comes out of yours or your lying daughter's mouth.
Maybe she won't be ostracized or cursed. Maybe they'll just politely disagree but respect that she is entitled to her opinions. Don't always assume the worst about Americans.
I wish her luck, most will be unkind I fear.
Honestly Sally has written quite a few pieces that have called out liberals for their double-standards.  She is a very reasonable person.
I heard an interview with her today (afraid to say where...lol).  I like what I heard her say.  I wish more people could respectfully discuss issues, and agree to disagree, if need be.
She should join a network that doesn't make me second-guess everything their anchors/reporters say.  As soon as I see "CNN" next to anyone, I put it in the "fiction" category.
Believe it or not because she's a woman, or a liberal?
