Trump? You are talking about Trump, right? Broke and angry sounds about right.
No. Take the time to read the article.
Do you know what irony is?
An expression, etc, etc.
I cannot believe that this is actually happening in the USA. I will never vote Democratic again. The evil unAmerican leftists have hijacked the Democratic Party and undermined any vestige of ethical behavior they had remaining.
A populist Government, with only partisan information, is but a Prologue to a Farce or a Tragedy; or, perhaps both. - James Madison #POTUS
Robert Mueller is the Joseph McCarthy of our time.  How many more lives will he be able to ruin with false accusations?



.@jeffsessions Lives are being ruined by a rogue prosector. Your job is to protect Americans from wolves like this.
Mueller needs to be investigated for his uranium one treasonous collusion in aiding and abetting the sale of our uranium to Russia. He’s joined at the hip with hillary, rosenstien, comey, mccabe et. al.
That’s what makes my blood boil. Mueller is ruining people’s lives to try and manufacture a crime. Shameful. I hope karma gets him good.
Keeping in mind Mueller is a Republican and decorated war hero!
Republican who is infected with Trump derangement syndrome.  BTW, war heroes aren’t immune from criticism or idiocy.  Mueller appears to be the worst kind of bureaucrat of the narcissist vein.
It's sick, unAmerican & unconstitutional-@realDonaldTrump, our duly elected @POTUS who is accomplishing more than any before him for America & #MAGA, has the power to end it-it's a planned coup-isn't that sedition?
This MUST come to light what is at risk here for ALL Americans! This is not the direction anyone should want to go
Rush Limbaugh is on radio now 5/3 about this - I mean, it is worse that what we are seeing on the surface. Who would want to work on a campaign again?

This is from yesterday 5/2 - Michael Caputo: Anti-Trump Hatred Is Ruining Lives 

FISA Wire Tap?
How about a vote from Congress to fire Mueller? Does anybody in Congress have the brass ones to do this?
My heart goes out to Mr. Caputo and all those caught in this disgusting miscarriage of justice.  Lives and careers have been ruined because Hillary lost the election=>Democrats and RINO did not want a wealthy non-politician elected who would expose the truth and #DrainTheSwamp.
At what point do we say enough to bullying investigations without basis of a crime to begin with? At what point do we succumb to their death by a thousand paper cuts because of legal costs? This is a constitutional attack by well financed law enforcement. #It’sRevolution #It’sWar
Mueller is as corrupt as McCabe.  He needs to go.
Its true!
Mueller is still looking very seriously into Russian collusion with the Trump campaign. When asked if there was any such collusion, Caputo replied, “Of course not.”
Look at Hillary’s history and anyone who dared to speak out against her and how they were targeted and destroyed in every way possible, as well as stalked and threatened. That’s how they work. We better learn how to deal with them!
Fire Mueller or arrest him for treason. @realDonaldTrump
he didn't sell the nation to Russia.
Saw the interview..made me very concerned for this country and it’s future. Marxist subversion embedded in all layers of federal gov’t...
Mueller Probe- Isn't there proof that it's
Unconstitutional
This failed coup d’etat must be prosecuted! Mueller and his team of crooks belong in Gitmo!
"Lawless administration", you say.
How many guilty verdicts have there been already?
And not one of them on collision or the campaign
What conspiracy charges have been filed?
Soon, my friend. Really, really soon. Until then, you have to hope they don't collide into anything else.
So what was stupid about my statement? No charges have been filed on collusion it's been on lying under oath and money laundering. Mueller keeps asking for more time on those.
Dude, I never brought up collusion. Why do you keep talking about collusion? You're starting to sound like that broken record of a president. 
I said, "there have been guilty verdicts". Point. Blank. Period.
COHEN GOT WIRETAPPED
It’s serious man
Rudy Guliani came out and said Cohen got paid back by Trump when Trump said he didn’t know about the Stormy thing. The lies are piling up.
Just horrendous
This needs to be shut down!!!!!!
They are tools of the devil which came to: Kill, steal, and destroy. 
they will answer to the Creator. They act as if they had no sin.  Rev. 20:12
1/ Here's the disconnect, if you are investigating collusion and other crimes come up I understand prosecuting those.  But when there is no evidence of the crime you're investigating then why is the scope of the investigation allowed to change?
There is a LOT of evidence of the crime they are investigating. If i were a betting man I'd bet there are tons of ties between Trump, Israel, and Saudi  as well.
And that rhetoric is why you're not a betting man. :)
Trump needs to fire Rosenstein and Demand Mueller end this travesty
Until libs are charged and jailed this will continue forever.  Damn it congress do something!  Or are you the whole problem???
I watched his interview..this is not right at all..this is not how people should be to treated in America..I hope all that created this witch hunt rot in hell.
This has got to stop. This corruption in DC has to end.
#Mueller will find a life of misery that invades every part of his life.
Must really gall you to be on the wrong side of history.
Like father like daughter!
Sounds like the Mafia, who is going to hold them all accountable?
We need to stop being on the defense, and formulate a devastating vicious brutal attack, no Mercy whatsoever, attack attack attack
We got Michael Caputo covered with a GoFund me acct!
So the witness is privy to the goal of the probe. Got it.
Mueller must be investigated!
#ThursdayThoughts
#DemocratsDossier
#tcot

Great article the democrats intimidation tactics rival Hitlers

Have you seen this yet Gov
Outrageous! @realDonaldTrump's lawyer had his phone tapped and email accounts searched before the raid.  Mueller out of control. Shut it down. Rosenstein and DOJ also need to be held to account. https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna871011?__twitter_impression=true …
Mueller's probe is nothing but his own nonsense in his own little pea-brain head if there's any collusion it's Mueller with his own collusion he's a joke
Oh, OK, it's just the D's having a temper tantrum. Has nothing to do with the fact that Trump is unfit 4 office & shady Russian connections
Government officials will do whatever it takes to keep the swamp full
This is scary dangerous. This smells like Hillary tactics.
#FireMueller
There must be people who Can pull the plug on this— why are they Not doing so?!
So true....
it seems misguided, the GOP created Mueller by giving into as they do so often to Democratic nonsense and anti Americanism, the farce being done by dems should be done by GOP with real criminal consequences to the dems
Finally and what does Congress do besides look stupid....

ΤɌƲΜΡ ΙЅ ΡɌΕЅΙƉΕΝΤ
ΒΕ ΤΗΑΝΚϜƲⱢ & ΡɌΑΥ 4 him to ẹṇḍυrẹ α ⱳeαροnἰzeḍ ƉΟЈ-ϜΒΙ & "Stormy Daniels"

…
Sad. Why we demand Justice be served upon those career criminals Who we all know "What Happened" & GSoros & spawn must be stopped ASAP. He's threatening the entire world w dirty $$.
Can someone explain how this works #Mueller hired to find #RussianCollusion now personal lawyers are raided and ph tapped #HushMoney #PoleDancers are #Taxpayers going to pay #indefinitely
When you hitch your wagon to the Trump Star, you’re bound to end up broke and angry. You got conned.
Probe
a blunt-ended surgical instrument used for exploring a wound or part of the body.
VERB
physically explore or examine (something) with the hands or an instrument.
"researchers probing the digestive glands of mollusks"
: examine · feel · feel around · explore · prod · poke
The Long term Goal is Civil War and at this point we might as well start it! The DOJ FBI corruption & the border is so bad there is no laws remaining. The US Government has crossed the line of Tyranny against its people it time to exercise our Constitutional Rights under the 2A!
@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani @StephenMilIer @FoxNews @seanhannity @BBCWorld @cnni
If this happened to Caputo, it can happen to anyone.

Mueller is a grifter. PanAm 103/Lockerbie investigation is unreliable because everything Mueller touches is rancid. Is this why Kenny MacAskill released Megrahi?

Excellent report by @replouiegohmert
If mueller is trapping the president, knowing the president rambles and speaks off the cough and not eloquent like attorney types talk (hrc & obama) there will be a civil war type outrage and demonstrations. If there’s no collusion DOJ should shut this down.
This Mueller character needs to be publicly executed for treason, along with all those involved.
Trump needs to be
Still waiting for any proof. If Trump did anything wrong he should be held responsible just like anyone else who did anything wrong. I don’t care about parties. I do care about the rule of law.
How about a protest to demand it shut down.
This crap needs to be SHUT DOWN!!!
Dear Lying Preacher, can you please tell him that everyone after trump are republicans. thank you
Why did Rudy Giuliani insinuate Mueller might go after Ivanka?  Where'd that cone from?
Did he try to sink Trump????
Obama had more bomb and death threats than any other politician in history. I NEVER heard him whine about it. Further, your team is the one with the guns. Not buying the gun threat to his wife. Being a perpetual victim is one of the hallmarks of narcissism.
And then there's this...
Countless leaks from high-level government officials over 16 months claimed evidence of repeated contacts between Manafort and Russian officials. But Special Counsel now tells Manafort there isn't any such evidence, his attorneys report in new filing. …
Enough already
And Muller set out of financially break all these guys even President Trump! Is so despicable what Muller  is doing! Plan how to sell everything and then this other man and others are going so broke from their attorneys to do Muller
THIS"INTIMIDATION BY DESTRUCTION"DEMOCRATS HAVE BEEN DOING FOR "DECADES"IS COMMON.-IT FIRST BECAME OBVIOUS TO ME WHEN BILL CLINTON WAS IN OFFICE.(CLINTON CHRONICLES) HAS A LONG LIST OF"COINCIDENCES"SURROUNDING THE CLINTONS.- TERRY SHAIVO LEGAL REPERCUSSIONS FEAR OF HILLARY
He is just a Democrat not really a republican
It needs to be stopped.   We are losing FREEDOM   The people in power due to a job#not elected. What they do to Pres Trump  they can and would do to citizens no matter who is elected.   We need to wake up and shut this down
What if this whole witch hunt was for the Dems to collect details of the Trump campaign strategy which defeated them so they can study & dissect it and ensure they have a counter strategy worked out by 2020?
When is the GOP going to step in and demand justice for the crimes the Democrats have committed? I fear either way this goes this country is heading to a major civil war again.
Go Mueller ~ cowards would try to obstruct justice by making Mueller sound corrupt!? Look at his record & then look at Trumps!! Hmmmmm
wait till God starts to move on them n expose them.. there gona be exposed to the point where they will never want to come up against those that keep faith n abide in Gods word.. ever again.. wait.. n watch
It cost just as much to defend an innocent man as it does a guilty one. 

I’ve been saying this was the case since the special council was put together. 

Democrats have been at war with the GOP for a long time and the republican wimps don’t even put up a fight.
there is a broke and angry witness    here is the deal   if this wasn't over 9/11 crimes  or depopulation or weather wars or saving ppl  or MK ultra      then wth ? would anyone put their country thru this for ???
FIRE THEM ALL
Mueller should be held personally responsible for the damage he is causing
Trumps going down . Get used to it. You’re fake Christians and fake patriots
Lies lies and more lies from mikey. Like father like duaghter.
How does Trump’s ass taste, “Rev.?”
KGB tactics.  #DeepStateCabal
JUSTICE
After the revelations today which revealed Michael Cohen's phone lines had been tapped by Mueller and his jihadists, believe it's time to shut that SC down and kick Rosenstein to the curb.
Clickbait for the true believers.
Mueller shouldn’t get away easy. Trying to bring down the @POTUS and wasting time and money is a very serious matter.
Solution: Indemify all political staffers in the future for a least 1Mil and prosecute anyone who abused, or abuses their power presently.
Trump needs to fire that thug right now...what is the let going to do that they aren't already doing...let's clean up this rampant corruption so we the people can trust our government again...that will NEVER happen under dem rule.
Mueller probe has left Moscow for Chatsworth
My take was that they are rooting out illegal behavior on the part of trump and the possibility (likelihood) that his campaign conspired with a hostile foreign entity to undermine the election.  Looks like they are hitting some paydirt, too..
Open your eyes and look around, your head must be in a dark place.
A dark place?  America is a dark place under Trump...
Wrong side of history Fake Gov Mike
You’ll never get it will you?
OM goodness. Such crooks, criminals and low life. #draintheswamp.
OPINION PIECE.
How does it feel to have your daughter work for a man who cheated on his wife with porn stars? You must be so proud!
What a shame and a sham!!
Is there a chance this extortion and bullying can be shut down? Can the tax payers insist all the money these greedy bastards have made during this re-pay all fees these people have endured? Sick and Sad for our country. Prayer Day for Unity! God help us!
I don’t remember voting for mueller, I don’t remember voting for Rosenstein.... I don’t remember anyone voting for these folks.... so how did they get to be kings?
Oh WOW!
The drama never stop...there is forever justification...the president need to speak up
i love how cavalier u r abt michael caputo. here's the thing though: your own lying daughter @PressSec could just as easily be subpoenaed by #mueller bec she knows plenty. hope u can put up your house 4atty fees & her bail when she gets called in. she won't get away unscathed.
Mike, do you really want to get involved in Trumps mess?
Maybe don’t work with a crook if you don’t want to face being under investigation. Pass me a thimble for my tears.
I suspect he’s “broke” in a special Republican sense that involves still being rich.
Mueller doesn't care! He had men put in prison who were later exonerated. Two men who were not guilty, DIED IN PRISON! How can he hold his head up?
Hey Mikey. Tell Aunt Lydia to get ready with her stable of black eye shadow and bullshit. Isn't this delicious?
Have you read the Fountain Head?
Well, laws were broken.  You don't hire a lawyer as a witness that will make you broke.
Having experienced this tactic personally, the FBI/DOJ AUSA's won't hesitate to overwhelm a target with legal expenses in order to obtain a conviction...whether target is innocent or not. It's all about # of convictions, and not about # of targets exonerated. Strong Arm tactics!
The deplorable nee to rise up & end this criminal investigation Swamp the congress with calls Let every elected official we will just send you in your way no matter the party America need to get angry & I mean angry
Just shut up. You’re backing the wrong horse(‘s ass).
There is only one person to be blamed and that is Jeff Sessions-The most incompetent AG in American history
We are praying these ppl can recover from being beaten down by the Ds ANTIFAs!!
Should be reimbursed by investigation.
Blue wave. thots?  careful.
You guys still are a joke. Whining about a "Democratic strategy" to punish people working for the Republicans, while what we upsets them is actually executed by other Republicans.
As I said: A complete joke.
Not to mention that the only unethical part here is your constant whining about a legal investigation, since day 1.

You know, Mike, most people avoid stepping in shit. Maybe you and your daughter should take note.

The Govt is still WIRETAPPING Trump! 
We all know the goals.  Determine if crimes were committed with the Russians.  You don't get it yet?
Mueller is no different than Samuel Parris of the Salem Witch Trials.
Mueller is Himmler
Wait until the entire world knows your daughter did nothing but lie to the American People. You've disgraced your family for generations.
Democrats are EVIL. Plain and simple.
"Nevertheless, the Mueller team appears to be scrupulously prepared to conduct an anal exam on Trump."

Very highbrow writing Governor. Would you expect Caputo to say anything else? Of course not. People don't want to work in this administration because Trump has made it toxic.
Mueller sounds like a big rich jerk.
You guys really like to cannibalize each other when the chips are down.  With friends like these....
2/ Hasn't Mueller effectively overtaken the DOJ? What exactly is the scope of the Special Counsel?
Governor,you have become so delusional that you forgot this is the man who carried out the 911 Persecution and who also served this country while @realDonaldTrump was defrauding people and claiming Bone Spurs. Stop kissing Trumps ass. Robert Mueller is a Patriot.
In other words. The Royal Screwing
The SS had similar power
I Pray they turn this on DNC.
Time to shut Muller down and end the witch hunt! Muller needs to be investigated!
Please push to end pornography. This is the moment to bring back integrity and goodness back to ALL forms of media!
Wiretap
Putting your demon seed's boss in prison?
