An emergency broadcast test would be preferable.
And less annoying...
And more informative.
Some of us? You mean all of us.
A vacuous Black hole would be nice...similar to your daughters moral centre or the abyss that is your gene pool.....
Amen, strange man from Deliverance.
Tell them to play banjo music as you walk-on.
We  Like all the Huckabees
A blank screen wont push bullshit Alt right propaganda
Much appreciated. I love a blank screen.
At least you are no longer the most hated Huckabee...your daughter has dethroned you.
You are the best !! My heart goes out to you everyday bc you make me smile and laugh out loud !! I’m a fan 
Tbf, a black hole is preferable to you, Hucks.
For everyone
Looking forward to watching your segment.  Keep up the great work sir!
Anything but you would be preferable. But I don’t watch @FoxBusiness so... #DontCare I do like to troll you though. 
I'm all for the blank screen.
Blank screen has better jokes.
Honesty from you is refreshing.
Definitely! So glad people like you are a dying breed!
All of us.
*most of us
Love you, Mike !!
Fox may as well be a blank screen.
People notice the difference, Huck.
Not only preferable, but probably more informative.
And way funnier
A blank screen would have been better, yes, thank you for acknowledging my feelings.
Mr. Huckabee, I love your sense of humor.  Lord knows we need a laugh along with all the crazy stuff going on in the world today.
correction:  for *most* of you, if not all of you
Bass solo!
A blank screen would be infinitely better!!!!!
Definitely blank screen!!!
Last choice huh? Remember:
See you at 4.
Fox should implement the blank screen exercise much more often!
Will be watching! :)
Never thought I would agree with @GovMikeHuckabee
Foxbusiness is desperate... I don't watch anything aired on fox. This is no loss to me.
Blank screens are more Christian than you are.
I concur......I prefer a blank screen to any Huckabees. Thanks for telling us.
A blank screen with an audio loop of fingernails on a chalkboard would be preferable.
Self-realization can come outta nowhere.
Tell everyone to Sell Sell Sell there stocks. Unless it gasoline. That’s going crazy comrade.
They prolly wanted folks who understand business, but they know better...
I vote for a blank screen. #Fox
and funnier
#BlankScreenIsBetterThanHuckabee
Yeah! Could you tell us how you taught your daughter to lie biblically? How does that work, circumventing the Hebrew text and commandments? BTW the morality soap box you stand on? Firewood now buddy. No morale authority here folks. Just gas.
TV fuzz > > > Huckleberry’s drivel.
Mr. Huckabee there will always be kids that don't want to eat their vegetables! Free range children is just a cop out for parents not wanting to do their job! Keep up the good work no different than your daughter! God bless stay safe!
Oh you're so GREAT!  We really missed out on a comedian Godly president years back, but God knows. You have a different path. Always love your posts!!! 
Ummm, Sir, a BLANK screen is still preferable.

Am glad to read, however, that you admit that when it comes to having something to say, that you are at the bottom of the barrel in choices.

Anyone else (w/sense) would have realized they're the only one still willing to spew .
Not "some"
Too funny
I don't watch FOX propaganda site.
How many times did you drop Sarah on her head as a child?
*most of us FTFY
Not me
This dude needs an intervention. He has zero self-respect. 

Of course if my daughter worked as liar-in-chief for a deranged billionaire who banged porn stars, I’d feel pangs of self-loathing as well.
More truthful, at least.
It matches the blank look Sarah gets sometimes
Putting yourself down again huh? Come on now you know that's just Satan trying to get you
Always love to hear your perspective!
@GovMikeHuckabee for President !  We love you!
Ha ha ha.  Not true here though I was busy!
Yes.
Still got it Huck!! 
Yes it would!
Wow...tough room.
Never would I prefer a blank screen to you!
I would love to have seen you. However we were going to a graduation at fort Benning.
Oh, why not let this #blasphemer dig his hole deeper...soon it will teach his eternal home...#HellFire

for most of us. #HillbilliesGonnaHillbilly
Kind of funny? I am sure you are always thier first choice, in spite of who else they pick to shuffle things a bit. If you are on I watch.
It’s great to live in a country where we are free to choose 
Blank screens don't support lying, adulterous, megalomaniacal fools who are running up the deficit so the rich can get richer, so yes many of us would prefer a blank screen.
No you are great!
Hysterical
Really, anything but you.
Yes
Never, always enjoyable when you are on.
What sow did you pork to produce your lying swine of a daughter?
Your so funny!
No way!   MH is the best!
Not really brother!
We love you.
Talk about your daughter agreeing that Kim Jong-un is and honorable and decent man.  How can she defend the vile idiot? For that matter how can she defend the leader of North Korea.
WE will be watching!!
Take a hike.  Go spot run find a bear don't come back take big lying. Girl with ya
Just about anything is better.  I cannot stand a hypocrite like you.
C’mon Gov
I know I would prefer it.
Yep, you and your brood are indeed most loathesome, providing nothing of value to the political discourse. Agreed.


Correct
Lol. I will be watching.
Gov.  If you are ON we always watch or tape that show


An unexpected opportunity. Make the most of it.
YOU ARE MY FAVOURITE PERSON TO FOLLOW..A Smile A Day! Guaranteed!!
For most of us.
 Good luck!
You are a blank screen

 We love you Mike.
NEVER!  LOL.
Finally getting some self awareness, good on ya!
Huckabee its you or POPEY 
Lol
We love you Huckabee! 
Sounds like it’ll be a great show! The tv will be stunned that it is actually used. Love ya, Gov. Huckabee! #MAGA #Trump2020 #QArmy 
Yep, it would've been 
You are a bloody mind reader!
Wish your daughter inherited your sense of humor instead of your political views.
I will watch n listen to your comments because you are Sarah Huckabee-Sanders' dad, NOT because you're a former Gov or strong conservative.
Way better! You jerk!
#teamblankscreen
I would much prefer you to a blank screen if you still had @ChipHinkleman helping write your jokes.
yas daddi
True
Woof
Definitely would have been more insightful.  But please........go on.
You’re the bomb
never!  Have fun!  I am sure you were better than who was supposed to be there!  Maybe you could help us start a campaign against CORRUPT Internet & Social players!  Twitter/Facebook/Google/Youtube for starters!
Don't tempt me.
I like when you get on TV. Every time you open your mouth, America becomes a little more blue.
I’d take tone and bars over you but then I’m old fashioned
LOL
