If you didn't catch the White House briefing, you didn't miss much. Unfortunately, @PressSec didn't really have any answers. #dodge
Illegal payments to a porn star or anyone for that matter is a big deal. Unfortunately your daughter is unable to speak with any honesty.
The payment could be deemed as a contribution to the Trump campaign because it could be argued that no one knowing about the affair affected the outcome of the election. Thus it's a breach of FEC laws that u can not accept contributions above $5000 I think is the limit
Really jumping far with that one, but it’s ok, we common sense ppl know it’s the lib disease that causes such reactions
Yes indeed,esp.thatAcosta&most of them;keep asking the same questions in many different ways until they get the answer they want..I am glad Sarah is outsmarting them.I am a retired surgeon&it reminds me of patients asking me the same question until they hear the answer they want.
My grandson does the same thing...the answer is still "no".
@Acosta isn’t smart enough to ask the right questions then cries like a baby when he doesn’t get the answers he wants.  Good grief Jim, get your act together!!! 

If you DID catch #HuckabeeOnTBN on @TBN, you missed a LOT--you missed hearing truth & true #Christian love that real pastors would demonstrate instead of the same-o, same-o allegiance to a #GOP golden elephant rather than #Jesus. Make Christianity Like Jesus Again. 
#BoycottTBN
I wouldn't consider @TBN a #Christian network or #MikeHuckabee a #Christian #pastor or leader. They're the new breed of #GOP political & religious opportunists who defame the name of #Jesus and #Christianity for political gain, or in the case of #TBN, religious tax exemption.

God hates you Huckabee. Sycophant
Do you have a daughter? You must be an atheist.
JIM....ALWAYS....FEELING "ACOSTED" SHOULD SIT DOWN FOR AN HOUR OR 3 AND TRY....TRY COMPOSING A PROBING NON-PARTISAN QUESTION.....YA KNOW...WITH A SMIDGEN OF....LOGIC?!C'MON JIMMY....YOU COULD DO IT!!!
Love Sarah!!! True role model and all around great person and press secretary!
I use to believe there was no "stupid" questions until I listened to those at a WH press briefing.  Some of the Q? were so mundane & stupid, you just can't make them up.
Every time I catch the WH briefing, I am amazed at the ridiculously mundane questions asked by the @whpresscorps, my conclusion the WH press Corps are tabloid journalists if not salacious not interested.
Amazed @PressSec maintains a collective calm.
I would like to see it totally re-vamped.  Like once a week or email only or rotate journalists in and out.  But my top priority would be to ditch @Acosta

Having these daily is non value added to American's.
Here, Fixed It :

If you didn't catch (@Acosta on @CNN), you didn't miss much. Unfortunately, (@Acosta, nor @CNN) didn't really have any (real news). #dodge #FakeNewsMedia
They wouldn’t have to ask the “same-o, same-o” questions over and over again if the Mistress of Misinformation (your daughter) would answer forthrightly the first time.
Love that, Mistress of Misinformation. I may have to borrow if that's okay.
Your daughter is a Warrior Princess fighting for truth and justice
Relevant questions get answered. Ask something worth answering.
Jim wouldn’t know what is relevant, nor does he know what a real journalist is.
We love your spitfire daughter in this household. Always saying "get'em Sarah"
If she would answer the questions with real honest answers, they would stop asking them...don't you think?
At least some  real journalists asked pertinent questions this time .
Your daughter is one tough cookie
A tough liar I would say
The whole damn Obama admin should be in prison.....
Your daughter is a Fabulous WH Press Sec I love watching her! She’s a tough cookie!
She had a wonderful role model!
When u see 'Acosta' u just consider the inept,bitter little source- @PressSec is  ROCKSTAR & should consider him a wayward toddler
God Bless @PressSec she has to listen to the same question 20x spit out different by the Sharks of #MSM trying to take the President down has to be tiring !! #Stormy #Stormy heck @CNN does 99% Of reporting on her I think they will be back to Russia Soon lol !!
The “same-ole-same-ole” is because the questions are never answered truthfully. Seems the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. 
#DoucheCanoe #TreasonWeasel
#NoMoreHuckabees #Ever
Jim the Accoster..........
Only to hear liar Sara say she doesn't know the answer, or just completely lie.
You are pathetic! You’ll say anything to protect Sarah’s job!
It was unreal....how @PressSec gets through Those sessions is unreal. She's a patriot and those ppl deserve to lose press credentials
I have 2 wonderful daughters that I’m very proud of. If Sarah was my daughter I would be especially proud of her for being professional, intelligent and never letting too many of the press bring her down to their level. Great job, Sarah!
Too bad Acosta is unequipped to ask a relevant or intelligent question.
The ability of the Huckabees to clump so much linguistic turd into a single sentence is INCREDIBLE! No wonder they speak for the Don!
Nothing they say is going to make a nasty liberal who gets there news from Rachel Maddow andJoy Behar Happy. Good luck with the Russia probe, hope that works out for you if i survived 8 yrs of Obozo the worst president in history, you’ll survive 2 yrs of President Trump
You must be a proud Papa. Lying for a living is hard work.
Seriously Gov. don’t put @Acosta and your daughter in the same sentence or tweet. Acosta is nowhere near her level of intelligence
What?????
????
Journalists are compelled to ask the questions they believe their readers want to hear, no? Maybe many people in the U.S. just want to know the answers to those questions.
You meen like the 8 people who watch CNN?
You do realize, in total CNN's ratings increased 3% in 2017? While that's still half of Fox News's prime-time viewership, it's nothing to sneeze at. Which new sources do you follow?
Up to 12...impressive. I guess the left can't get enough of stormy daniels, since that's been the only narrative for the lase 72 hours. Personally, Porn stars don't so it for me.
Does that mean Fox has 24? Otherwise agreed. Many of those complaining about Daniels excuse Clinton's affairs. You didn't answer my question though.
I don't watch TV, I wouldn't know. But the TV in work has CNN on quite a bit, and it's Stormy 24/7. The lefts anti-Trump well has run dry.
I actually asked which news sources you follow. They don't have to be television.
What are news sources? Do you mean media propaganda? I read a lot. Mostly books. I listen to the radio on rare occasions.
How your daughter puts up with that kindergarten nonsense by tabloid news outlets, is amazing. I’d put them in their place with my southern etiquette. Sarah is a saint. And She is the right person for the job
After 5 min of listening to #LyingSarahSanders, I went & cleaned the cat box - her crap,  their crap same thing
Y'know, maybe if she had some real answers to their questions, they might stop asking the same questions. It also doesnt help when you lie as consistently as @PressSec does. If she were truthful, there'd be no need to ask the same question countless times.
I don't know how Sarah puts up with these idiots every day and never losses her cool!!
I don't think I could do it !  I truly admire our Sarah.
Love your daughter Gov Huckabee! She’s a true Patriot just like her father! Great role models for families today. Keep up the good work you do...& Love your show!
Acosta should have his press pass revoked, he can continue to make up his reports from his basement office @Acosta
I take it that you are a journalist as well as a governor , and are qualified to make an educated assesment, then. If not, join the rest of the bots, willifully ignorant, agent provocateurs and "Dear Leader" followers.
She may dodge but Acosta your a scampering douche
If she would answer the questions instead of lying or dodging, they wouldn’t ask the same ones.
Your daughter is nothing if not a consistent liar
Bullshit
Of course it is sweet of you to stand up for your daughter but she was unable to answer questions on material issues. Like the President being a liar, involved in law suits with porn stars and under investigation for collusion, money laundering and obstruction of justice.
Particularly with case in point, @Acosta whose tabloid version of news reporting may generate the unreasoned histrionics we all expect from his target audience, but make him a laughingstock in the field.
And They All Have Sail Boat Fuel for Brains!!!!
It kills me they claim the WH is avoiding discussing some issues, yet the media refuses to report or discuss all the positive things Trump has done. They are just hating hypocrites. They shouldn’t call themselves reporters! More like REPEATERS than reporters!!
CNN clucking chickens like Cooper and Lemon have lost ratings as they are just cheap gossip queens.
Maybe if @PressSec didn’t lie and dodge questions maybe the media would be satisfied
Your daughter lies for a living. As a parent, I’d be ashamed if my kid did that, but I guess it’s different if you’re a “Christian”.
Well technically her job *is* to listen to questions about @realDonaldTrump She could avoid hearing the same-o same-os if she’d give actual answers the first time.
Nah. In some cases I’ve watched a brief where 9 journalists asked the exact same question and got the exact same answer and then they’d do the same thing every week. It’s tiring
Fair enough. Journalisming is super duper hard. So is press secretarying I suppose.
I couldn’t do the Press Secretary Job that’s for sure. I don’t have that patience haha
Ugh. I know. Now imagine having to do the journalisming while having to deal with someone who had to do the press secretarying? It’s all dumb and hard.
Is Jim Acosta even a real person?
He thinks he is 
Nobody else does.
Isn't that the truth! At this point it's almost badgering.
Mikey, come on, what color is the sky in your world ....  She ducked every question or didn’t answer at all
I long for the day when she's no longer standing behind that Podium spouting her b*******
If you DID catch WH press brief, you missed a LOT--you missed hearing relevant lies told to the real journalists just like the  same-o, same-o stuff that @PressSec has to distort every day about @realDonaldTrump
Huck, that’s her job. Doesn’t matter if all of them ask the same exact question.  She should be grateful they are there.  All she ever does is lie and fabricate info.
Well Acosta if you could ask intelligent question you would get intelligent answer from our awesome press secretary.
I think you mean to say the women who holds the world record for lying @PressSec
Have to say Sarah is awesome; she stays focused on her Agenda & what is meant to go out to the public! Than; she informs media that want to stray on smut, to go to the person in charge of that topic! Love her strength & Logic – at Regency Park
Ban Acosta from press briefings.  News and truth is not his thing . He's a disruptive attention seeking exhibitionist.
Has Sarah retained counsel yet? 
Are y'all establishing a fund yet or did Dotard promise to pay
If press secretary would stop lying for SLEAZY Donald, then journalists would not ask the same questions over and over. Even when several journalists ask the same questions, Sarah won't take the opportunity to answer CORRECTLY. Apparently, she thinks more of Trump than herself.
I missed your lying daughter and don't regret a minute of it.
Acosta expert on dodge/lies.
If Jim Acosta was a real Journalist there would be substantive questions asked in the White House Briefing. Acosta talks about BS junk. We are concerned about what Govt is doing to make policy decisions that will make Americans lives better. @Acosta
And I'm sure you're completely objective...
Bless our press secretary she has to deal with infantile questions.
@Acosta you’re to stupid to understand the press briefing!
Funny, because she gets to call on the people who ask her these questions. Maybe there’s nobody left who’s willing to throw her a slow-pitch softball?
No worries @Acosta will make stuff up for you
Governor, you sure raised Sarah with a large amount of PATIENCE. She has the patience of Job in dealing with these idiots. Far more than they deserve!
Acosta doesn't understand the language of truth.
2 the gullible Trump Sheep SHS is a Rock Star. 2 the rest of the rational, logical, based in reality population, she’s a bullying, deceptive shill 4 the Trump Propaganda Machine. But carry on, Gov. any more thoughts on how the cause of Sandy Hook was not enough God in schools?
If Sarah would just answer the question like it’s asked and quit dancing around, they wouldn’t have to keep asking the same-o same-o everyday. She says more often then not, “I’ll have to check on that and I’ll get back to you” but never does. I agree. Getting boring!!!
You got to be kidding me.  Sanders does nothing but lie
Secretary Sanders would be better off taking questions from The Enquirer before entertaining one from CNN.
Only in America would Acosta have a job and not be in a concrete block prison cell Maybe he should be assigned a foreign correspondent position in a Communist or Socialist country for awhile
Your daughter is the worst, but that's to be expected.
Za-Za- ZING!
Jim @Acosta is a whiner. No talent, he depends on his whining. He is no journalist.
Damn,  don't spoil it for me Huck. Some people have to work and catch it later.
You are not good in reporting get the Lord Jesus in your heart then you will be good like Sarah
That was for Acosta not Huckabee you are great
Your daughter sold whatever soul she had and now is known as a professional liar and will be so ever after.
YES,YOUR DAUGHTER SAID "UHHHHHHH...UMMMM...UHHHHHH" ABOUT 1000 TIMES SO SHUT IT!
So when the WH lies when answering those questions they should just stop asking? That seems to work for the @GOP when investigating anything but Hilary. Shows how much you care about truth. That actually explains a lot about your daughter. Apple and the tree.
Each time Trump makes a stmt it is to open a dialogue of helpful ideas,but you call it http://lies.You  must not be in the busi,unless as a peon. What he does,is open the conversation.He unfortunately gives simpletons like you too much credit.
Maybe it's time for bed I think you've had yo much wine.
Hey sorry you can't find God, because he is everywhere! Now I know why you responded the way you did. Lost!
Well, aren't you clairvoyant could you tell me where I may be found enlightened one? My response is based publicly verifiable facts. He and his daughter are not very honest. I really didn't need god to show me that.
Ok...if she answers said questions adequately there would be no problem.
If you didnt listen to fake news, or just talking points, you wouldnt make such absurd statements.
I made my statement as a relatively well informed citizen who has been paying attention pretty well to this administration.
Like all your other libs...looking for a gotcha to take down a POTUS. She is doing a great job with absurd questions from people who call themselves journalist.
If asking for the truth about [insert anything really] is doing that, then sure.
@Acosta is exactly right..... Listening to the WH briefing is a complete waste of time.... because ur daughter doesn’t answer a damn question!! Seriously, she side steps every question with her canned, bullshit answers..or simply just lies through her teeth. ReligiousHypocrites
Gov. Your daughter does a GREAT job.  I would never have the patience to answer such STUPID questions 
From reporters w obvious anti Trump bias. John
Why you always crying Mike,  brown nosing 
I doubt that Sarah's children ever repeated questions as many times as the press 'children.'
Same questions, asked different ways to try & trip up Miss Sarah.  Didn't work, so now Certified Nuisance Network has to arrack her.
Why do you make that statement with a reverse oxymoron type pattern?
They should revoke Jim Acosta’s Press Credentials and Let CNN hangout in the parking lot until they send a “Qualified” journalist that reports “Real News” and can ask “Real Questions” and not propaganda or slanted agenda ones.
God bless Sarah!
OK. So, asking about law enforcement and the disproportionate killing of Black males clearly doesn't matter to you. Substantive questions were asked. Hollow answers were given. Period.
I would like to see an expose on accosta and lemmonhead are they really as sanctimonious as they pretend
Accosta wants to make stormy more famous than she ever was what is she giving him
Lies upon lies being spewed from your daughter who continually lies for a living.  Daughter of a preacher.  #Evangelicals #Wow  
How do you sleep at night?

You know what the differences between a CNN reporter and a newborn baby - eventually the baby stop crying!
And she continues to lie!
Jim who?
Just CNN's Acosta sticking to CNN's bash all Republicans agenda.
Nothing new to see here folks.
Oh Jim, what happened? Mean Sarah didn't call on you again.   Always watch and just love Sarah take these fools to task.  And look forward to Jim's really dumb questions and then get so mad when he doesn't get the answer he wants.
Acosta is such an ass
Why didn't you name your lying daughter Wednesday, as in Addams?
I like it much better when @PressSec  ignores this whining sniveling cry baby.
Dems out! Self serving agenda only....
What press conferences? Huckabee's stands up there and lies about everything with a smile on her face like no one knows she's lying. She was a perfect pic, a liar just like the rest of them.
You stenographers have been asking the same snarky questions for over a year. So sorry you had no curiosity about Hillary and our last president. You’re pathetic.
Acosta wouldn’t know what a real journalist does even if they typed it up for him and all he had to do was READ IT.
Jim is acostad with butthurt each and every press conference!
Exactly!!!  We need journalist not fiction story tellers!!

I think you should stand aside Sir and let the Press Secretary do her job or fail to do her job. Your parent heart is in the right place but you are doing your daughter a professional disservice by coming to her defense at all times.
Perhaps if she would get “new” questions - she would be happy to give you an answer - some reporters just don’t understand truthful answers - they want “fake news” responses.
The reasons they keep repeating the questions, mr. preacher, is that they hope to maybe, eventually, get some honest answers.  You must be so easily fooled.  Pray for the gift of discernment brother!!
.@Acosta reminds me of a toddler that isn’t getting attention.  He just keeps Getting louder and more shrill demanding attention from the big kids.
One bad pic deserves another.   Watch it -- you'll get frown lines.
Rarely do I miss a WH press briefing.,Love your daughter sir, she does a great job!
I caught the briefing and all I saw was @jimcarrey 's painting spewing bullshit , as is the usual.
Jim is a piece of 
Exactly
They ask same questions over & over - very contemptous disrespectful group
Jim Acosta is still employed??  Who knew.  

@Acosta is just trolling for responses from guys like you.  Don’t fall for his amateurish behavior.  We already know he’s no journalist...amateur or otherwise.
Well @Acosta is a hater being paid by @CNN to try and negate everything positive. He just isn’t very good at it
Screw Jim!! We love Sarah !
I don't know what they pay Sarah Sanders but her salary needs to be doubled!  All the journalists want to do is gossip.
@Acosta Thou Shalt Not Lie. Your daughter has forgotten about that commandment.
You mean this press secretary?
I watch the briefings everyday and you are absolutely right Governor - #JimAcosta hasn't asked a relevant question since the Nov. 8, 2016 election. Stay strong #SarahSanders
Surprised Jim still has a job.
Why would you, @Acosta , say that? Just because she didn’t answer the question that you bellerd (Southern term) out as Sarah walked out of the room? I heard it. That was your point wasn’t it? Not to get a proper answer, just to show your ass. Well, I hope it didn’t work!! #MAGA
Your daughter is awesome and try to watch when I can. It reminds me everyday that we have a corrupt and incompetent media.
Jim’s a little slow on the uptake.....  every day.
I watch Sarah every chance I get and I love her! You're right though, it's almost harassment. They ask her about Russia, she answers, they repeat the same question, she answers, they repeat..it's frustrating to watch and then I roll my eyes & yell at the TV.Jim is a girl 
She goes into the Enemy Camp everyday, with reporters who snicker & ask deliberately redundant queries. The women are so OBVIOUSLY catty, using their better-than-thou scowls & nasty attitudes, so stupidly. The whole lot are farcical, except less than a handful. Kudos go to Sarah
LOSER Acosta just p....sd that @PressSec knows how to handle a jerk....
Keep right on TRUMP'N, my Dear.
@labungalow @Acosta @PressSec Out!!  Haha
Acosta I now understand the low ratings at CNN. The only popular place is the airports.
We also saw your daughter make up answers, yet once again! Good job, Dad. You raised her to be a perfect Trump mouthpiece.
Love Sarah she does an awesome job
I believe you Governor. Has to be true. If you look at what Acosta is saying then YOU’RE telling the truth.
The answers that the American people should now, you know all the lies he says and the truth. That’s why they ask them because there never answered or they dance and sing around the question
That's why I quit watching. The journalists are pathetic and not news worthy
I’m sorry I missed @Acosta looking like a snowflake.
What, a new record on the turntable, Sarah got tired of the scratched one.
Acosta none of you had or much ever have any good or relevant or interesting questions !!!!!! MSM is BLAH !!!
They don't get it Gov. I don't know if they ever will.
Let's face it, the MSM's well of things to throw at Trump have run dry. It's like watching reruns of the three stooges. Yes it's funny, but we've all heard it before. @PressSec thank you for continuing even when it gets so old you just want say "Shut Up!"
Acosta is still butt hurt & whining because they consider him irrelevant at these press briefings
She and her father are defending a sexual predator,,  those evangelicals are the worst
Lying for a liar gets harder everyday
More for sarah to lie about.  she's so good at that.
I guess she didn’t have any answers that fit the Jim Acosta/CNN narrative.
Yea Huck; nothing but swill coming out of tRump’s WH.
Spewed by none other than FuckabeeSanders what a hawg
well i say it's business as usual from Counterfeit News Network  and the Counterfeit Journalists
It was good. Did your mom drop you on your head as a kid?

#RT @GrahamLedger: RT @RealJamesWoods: 
Slam!
It’s alway the same dumb group, too! But yet they would be offended if all they got was a recording. “ it would serve em right”.
Wah, my daughter’s a professional liar and people ask her questions about her lies....wah, wah, and she’s making a ton of money lying for a living, wah!
Could be that maybe Jim @Acosta is running out of ideas to put a “spin” on the truth from @PressSec 
We didn’t miss your daughter lying her ass off.  She is an embarrassment, just like you.
@JimAcosta  try being an example for young journalists. I’m sure ur kids would be disappointed in ur bullying tactics. Time for u to go back to ur day job
@levintv Is it possible that any group has a larger assimilation of individuals pushing false narratives than @CNN, @Acosta, @donlemon, @ChrisCuomo, etc.?
Oh absolutely there is. Fox News , Trump supporters , press secretary , Trump - the all spout falsehoods at alarming rate.  Even when proof of their lies exist you all prefer to believe them over those who tell the truth. it’s actually incredible
And this, my friends, is what makes the world turn. Thanks for your perspective. However, what about Cuomo saying there is no discussion regarding eliminating the 2nd Amendment?
Ahhh -a “whatabout””. Awesome.  Sigh 
Have you had a talk with your daughter about honesty and doing the right thing? It's cringeworthy to watch her lie so much!
I am disapointed by all the coverage fox news has on Clinton excuse campaign. No one is covering the dems that are sneaking in to take over the house and Senate. All eyes on her and none on her trojan horse. If they win, this is why. Dummies
Let's guess Russia stormy Russia?? Oh maybe wall Russia stormy rabbit.
Suck it up, Buttercup!  If your daughter can't take the heat, she should leave like all the NUMEROUS others that DON'T want to work for THAT administration!  AND
STOP your whining about the press.
And this
We just don't tune in to see Jim Acosta.

Tuning in to watch Sarah munch on the WH Easter bunny. Nice appetite Mike!
She has answers, it’s just that the press doesn’t like the answers. They need some “stuff”; something they can explode into a “major issue”
Sarah has the patients of a saint. She's asked the same  irrelevant question, over and over, in a 10 minute span. She answers. Then someone else asks it again!! Perhaps reporters need hearing aids or RX for A.D.D. ?
I caught it and all I saw was this tired old act
I agree with Gov Huckabee. The reporters are really boring blah with their unintelligent gotcha questions. Maybe they need to do like Obama did presscore and give them the questions to ask beforehand  oh, I forgot that was when press was talking to Obama.
I don't know why the journalist even show up for the briefings. A disgrace that she spews lies like she really believes what she is saying. Love Jim
@Acosta would you rather she make up an answer just to please those like yourself?
Things are getting a little Stormy 
ANOTHER CLASSIC HILARIOUS ZINGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There should be strict accreditation for WH press, IQ, common sense should be part of the requirement.  Tired of stupid questions asked over and over again, no wonder news and cable are in a downward spiral. Revamp the pool of WH correspondence it is not rating.
#JIMACOSTA_NOTAREPORTER

I pity Sarah Sanders.  Trying to cover for Trump has to be difficult.
The bad part is, they have people that actually believe everything they say
@Acosta bitter much?
Sarah is dumb as rocks!!
WH lies until they get caught and then lie more about lies!
Agree! They are disgusting- especially Jim Acosta!!!
@Acosta you mean the same answer to the same question over and over and over again
