Your prayers won't help the newly dead or the future victims. Only gun control legislation will do that. ACT. #gunsense
You can't be serious. Tell me you're not serious.
ISIS isn't Islam any more than the Branch Davidians were Christians. Stop being a bigot.
the families don't need your prayers, they need your protection. Stop taking $ from NRA and ban assault weapons now.
.@SenShelby you're such a joke and coward Senator..... You're actions and voting history  speak volumes about how you really feel
you are a hypocrite keep enjoying those NRA pay offs
screw your thoughts & prayers. Stand up & do something like the ones doing the +14 hour filibuster! #shameonyou
you don't give 2 shits about the victims or their families, and you sure as hell didn't pray for them. #liar #donothingcongress
.@SenShelby @SenatorSessions VOTE NO 2 ALL #ANTIGUN PROPOSALS including 4 #guncontrol amendments 2 #HR2578.#4751,#4750,#4742,#4720.#congress
Enough of your hypocritical "thoughts and prayers."  You have blood on your hands.
This just means that @SenShelby isn;t going to do anything, including think or pray.
if you are saddened take action instead of voting against restrictions on gun laws like you did! Please do something real.
Hypocritical NRA recipient
Deeply saddened by the horrific tragedy in Orlando. My thoughts & prayers are with the victims, their families, & the first responders.
don't use your Twitter for prayers, use your political power to stop this from ever happening again
Did you vote YES on the Murphy/Feinstein amendments in order to make a difference ?   What does it take, Senator ?
gets $83,000 from the NRA
Thoughts and Prayers don't save lives.  #DisarmHate #EnoughIsEnough #takeaction #Filibuster
As someone who does the bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
, then why did you vote against background checks? Why did you vote against people on no fly list being on a "no gun" list?
stop taking NRA $$ and ban semi-automatic weapons!
.@SenShelby James 2:26: "For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also." Do your job. Stop killing us.
.@SenShelby Thoughts and prayers continue to not work - like at all. Maybe, I don't know, passing some legislation would help.
Then please do something about #GUN CONTROL. The right to arms should not include Semi Automatic Weapons.
you have blood on your hands
both do genius
thoughts and prayers? Common sense gun laws.
Voting for hate and against gun laws - you helped this happen.  Stop it. Vote for gun laws to protect US citizens.
This is on you for not supporting #guncontrol. How many more parents will lose children because of you?
As someone who does the bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers
Your thought and prayers are meaningless. You are complicit. GUN REFORM NOW. #Orlando
Your thoughts and prayers aren't enough
justify that rights to Life Liberty Pursuit of happiness of103 get obliterated by the second amendment rights of 1?
Stop talking 
, you voted against gun-control reform in December 2015. Time to reconsider your position, for #Orlando & for lives lost daily.
well senator don't just mouth empty platitudes, stand up to the NRA and protect Americans. Sensible gun@laws NOW!!
Hypocrite. Until you stand up against the NRA and vote for background checks and a ban on assault weapons, you're the problem.
instead of sending thoughts & prayers, please support background checks and intelligent gun law reform
#Enough
If we're truly saddened by the events- listen to common sense gun control and ban assault rifles.
Lip service.
Sad enough to give the @NRA their money back and pass laws to stop this? #lawsnotprayers #DoYourJob
You're an embarrassment to all Alabamians.
Prayers do nothing. Do your job, make gun laws more strict, and prevent these tragedies!
You need to more than pray. You are a United States Senator. Your no vote on gun reform = blood on your hands. #brandnewcongress
Empty, meaningless words. I don't know how you and other NRA sponsored legislators can be so soulless.
will your prayers help? No. Prayers don't help. Prayers don't help. #NoMoreHate @NRA
Maybe you should have had the victims in your thoughts and prayers last December when you were voting to arm their murderer.
Is it really possible to be deeply saddened whilst in the back pocket of the NRA?
Blood on your hands.  Took NRA money and voted to give guns to terrorists. Your prayers mean nothing.
Your thought and prayers are meaningless. You are complicit. GUN REFORM NOW. #Orlando
Bullshit
.@SenShelby - but are you saddened enough to stop voting w/ anti-LGBTQ @FRCdc 100% of the time? Probably not...
hypocrite, you've taken thousands from the NRA
Endorse Trump  @SenShelby @reginawhitehead
Save it, NRA teabagger. You had the chance to ban assault weapons but you tossed the gun lobby's salad instead. Your fault.
you are openly lying. Stop.
You're a stooge -- not the funny kind, but the kind that deserves a lot more time to roll around in his blood money.
Sure you are. Actions speak louder than words.
"I do not believe that restrictive gun laws are the answer to curbing violent crime in America." So what do you have in mind?
I hope the money you got from the NRA tastes like ashes in your mouth.
.@SenShelby Your #thoughtsandprayers mean nothing. By voting against sensible gun control, you're complicit in #Orlando slaughter.
Rather hypocritical of you, given that you voted against violent crimes against homosexuals being hate crimes
Liar! You breed the hate that stirs these madmen. They work for people like you. You are hatred. Remain silent with your lies.
.@SenShelby You and your ilk are the at the bottom of what is wrong in this country.
all your fault
your fault
so happy about your NRA endorsement so you can PROMOTE THIS KIND OF VIOLENCE!
It's time do do something beside thinking & praying.
you lie.
Stop praying and start acting to stop this.
are your thoughts worth as much as the thousands and thousands you take from the NRA? Maybe DO SOMETHING. Y
I used to respect you, senator. That ship has sailed! This isn't normal! This madness must end!
Maybe I would believe this if you hadn't already received about $200,000 from the NRA in 2016.#Hypocrite
https://www.opensecrets.org/outsidespending/recips.php?cmte=National+Rifle+Assn&cycle=2016 …
I think we need more than prayers, dude. But you don't want to hear that.
Be honest - the only time you stood up to the NRA is when you got off your knees from kissing their ass.  Hypocrite.
#BANTHEM @SenShelby 
#PulseNightclub 
#PulseShooting 
#PulseMassacre
And Pressure cookers. Like the ones used in the Boston Bombing.
but not saddened by that NRA money!  woot-woot!  right?  high-five!
Thoughts and prayers are with continued @nra funding, that's more the truth.
https://youtu.be/1FLGEr1zJYo?t=45s …
shame on you
Please spend less time praying and more time doing your job as a senator to pass laws that will protect our citizens.
@MonsterMarcia @SenShelby - Great comment to a lazy Senator who cares nothing about the people
Your wallet still full of NRA money though
Never mind praying! You're in a position of influence aren't you? Or have the NRA got your balls in a sling?
and you'll keep taking the @NRA money you hypocrite
you’ve fought against LGBTQ rights and protections your whole career. Spare us the fake sympathy & go cash another NRA check.
banning guns has never once stopped gun violence... Oddly, criminals don't follow laws.
how about moving to ACTION, Senator? Stricter gun control is the way. You have the power to stop it. Own it.
do you get funding from the NRA by any chance?
maybe if you had voted differently this would not have happened and you would not have to send prayers.
.@SenShelby go wash your bloody hands now
@MonsterMarcia 
Out damned spot!
thoughts and prayers ain't working there senator.
what else ya got?
@SenShelby
our government has a constitutional duty to not bring the war and killers here! But gov. Aides in flooding us with the killer's
keep your prayers and faith, do something about the gun problem in this country. That's something we can use.
GO AND FUCKING VOTE AGAINST THE NRA IT IS THEIR FAULT. Your fault.
guns dont kill people, people do, is a car responsible for the drunk driver? Should we ban cars?
how about some action to deal with gun violence? Not going to happen bc you are bought and paid for by NRA
but you'll do nothing to stop it right?
No you arent.
right I totally believe your "concern"
Prayers are nice but real ACTION to end #gunviolence would be more appreciated!
What is the value of a human life?  It seems you have calculated it.  Shame on you.  #ThoughtsAndPrayers
Your prayers are not enough.
Your thoughts and prayers are worthless.
Don't need your prayers
#BloodyHands Richard

ACTION speaks louder than WORDS

BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS
#OrlandoShooting
Thoughts & Prayers are NOT enough!
.@SenShelby remember this when you cash that check from the @NRA  you are garbage.
Hypocrite
Thoughts and prayers?Really?No,This is up to us.Whoever you're praying to has sufficiently proven not to give a shit about us.
Have you done anything that could prevent another horrific tragedy? No, I didn't think so. #Hypocrite
and?  What do plan to do to keep it from happening again?
hey remember when you voted against a bill to keep guns out of terrorists' hands?  How "deeply sad" were you then?
Your thoughts and prayers are worthless. What are you going to actually do to stop this from happening? #gunsensevoter
Won't vote for constitution mandated SCOTUS nominee. Will to block legislation preventing suspected terrorist from buying gun.
Says the man the NRA endorsed in December. Get up off your damn knees & actually DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE DAMN GUNS.
Until someone guns down the kids of billionaires nothing will be done
@wsfa12news help fix the problem senator. Stop taking gun money & offering thoughts and prayers.Take a stand and do what's right
we know the #NRApaidforyourtweet be ashamed.
Your prayers are useless and complete bullshit based on your voting record.
.@SenShelby I "hope and pray" your voting record doesn't reflect an opposition to safer gun laws and unwavering support of the extremist NRA
umm it does he voted against blocking  people on the watch list from buying guns
