Hi @Senshelby you voted against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban that would have prohibited this-please consider common sense gun laws @GOP #ACT
WRONG! The weapon used in the Vegas shooting has been banned since the 80's stop drinking the Killary koolaid
Did kneeling offend you, but mass murder doesn't?
Any Anti American protest offends me, any attack on the 2nd Amendment offends me! You can't make a criminal obey the law
But the NRA elitist are ok. Taking voting rights away is ok. Kneeling offends you.  I understand hypocrisy fine.
Who's voting rights are we taking away?
Someone who is legal without a ID
The only people who can't vote are felons, and illegal aliens! If they are LEGALLY here they will have an ID!
You voted against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban. You helped this happen
The weapon used in the Vegas shooting has been banned since the 80's, gun control works only on law abiding citizens!
Also semi-automatics can shoot faster using a method known as "bump fire." Unknown what kind of gun the shooter used
The police on the scene that heard the gun fire called it automatic weapons fire. I think they would know better than the media
Again, they haven't confirmed what kind of gun he used. Regardless, there's no need for the public to have legal access to weapons of war
The big picture is if you open the door to the government taking away your rights they won't stop with one type of gun!
The ultimate NRA talking point. Based on specious reasoning & no facts. While mass shootings continue to occur every day. "Freedom!"
You can't punish law abiding citizens, for the actions of the unlawful
Prayers are useless without action. Ban assault weapons and stop taking @NRA blood money.
The automatic weapon he used has been illegal since the 80's, so I think that means gun control laws don't work!
I don't care what you think. Block me.
Lol sorry that the truth hurts you!
You don't know what hurts me. Get out of my mentions or I will block you. You are deplorable.
Lol block me! I tell the truth if it bothers you so sorry
Your "prayers" are worthless. Tell you what, we'll put you on standby, and the next time there's an active shooter near you, we'll have you
alerted so you can get onscene, then 100 volunteers (same as # of senators) will pray & pray as you walk toward the shooter and ask real
nice and politely for the shooter to, "Please stop. You are only supposed to protect yourself from the government, not murder people! Okay?"
Then, we'll slowly analyze recordings to figure how many rounds per minute were aimed at just you, and if you have any wounds, figure what
percentage they represent of failure of prayer to stop bullets. Easy challenge, right? "God's Own Party" is so full of faith that you won't
even stub your toe on a rock! Anyway, us "worthless poor people" will always be ready to pray for you if you are ever shot at by a lunatic.
Your ONLY OBLIGATION if that if you aren't hit, or are raised from the the dead by our thoughts and prayers, you will come to our Sunday
School the very next Sabbath and tell how no one should worry about being murdered by a nut with a gun, because we can fix it with Ts & Ps!
Your prayers aren't helping.  A vote against assault weapons would.
Then why did you vote against  the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban?   You sir, have blood on your hands.
SO VOTE 4 THE ASSAULT RIFLE BAN or remain just another Congressional HYPOCRITE!
republicans are cowards who don't care about the people they say the represent!  They won't do anything about guns or anything else that would actually "help" people, more interested in their own skins and donations!
NEED GUN REGS
don't waste your time unless you're going to follow that up with some meaningful action such as an assault weapons ban!!!
Need your VOTE banning assault weapons.
The weapon used in the Vegas shooting has been illegal since the 80's! Nice try!
Makes 1 wonder who shot him. The 'heros" may have taken justice in their own hands. Be grateful they had guns, NO. enough guns
Prayers wont stop the next shooting. Gun safety regulations now.
Gun Control is not optional. It must be enacted. Stop protecting the lobbyists, protect the people, for once.
By voting against the assault weapons ban you are the LAST RESPONDER.  Reject the NRA money and vote your prayers.  They are worthless after the fact.
Please explain your continued votes against assault weapons bans. Thoughts and prayers aren't cutting it for sensible Americans.
Umm maybe that the guns were a tool he used just like a truck filled with explosives.
Stop praying and ban assault weapons!
You must be done Praying. Now YOU Do Something! Vote to #BanAssaultWeapons to save lives!
YOU HYPOCRITES STOP SUPPORTING THE NRA AND CHANGE GUN LAWS TO PROTECT THE INNOCENT
BULLSHIT! MURDERER!
Fuck praying, god ain't listening to you, stupid! Pass strict gun control!!!!
You voted against the assault weapons ban.  Tweeting sympathy does not remove the LV blood from your hands.
Your thoughts 'n prayers aren't enough. Do your job. My late veteran father fought for an #America that deserves better!
Your voting record on gun control measures speaks louder than your prayers.
then get off your ass and do something about it...ban assult weapons...pistols and sport rifles only
fix the laws and enforcement to stop this insanity!
Pray if it makes you feel better but your prayers do nothing.  Common sense gun control -- it's time to act.
Hypocritical useless words. Cease being NRA toady- vote for laws controlling types of gun and ownership. Massacre on your head!
find it strange, he was found dead. Would like to see ballistics on who killed this man. These"heros" with guns, not police.
Praying and thoughts are NOTHING without action.  In another month or so there will be another mass shootings and more empty prayers. ACT!
Prayers aren't enough. What are you going to DO about the gun violence in our nation? #GOPcarnage
Enough with the praying.  Do something that will make a difference and pass an assault weapons ban.
I would be thankful for any Senator who has the decency to vote for a ban on assault weapons
Is that what u want, a MAD MAX movie, with ? good vs bad. No. Too many guns & no better time to talk about it,or next weeks shoot
DO SOMETHING
- Can we all talk about guns now?!! Not the Texas Church but Las Vegas or if that is too soon can we talk about Sandy Hook?
Sounds like u approve of the OK corral.  shoot, ask questions later. If they had guns,why didnt they hold him for police. NO DEAD
Why don't you instead do domething about banning assault weapons? Your prayers are hollow!
Ban assault weapons now! you're part of problem,blame because U voted against ass weapon ban!Hypocrites!
It's time to do something. Why is this allowed to continue again and again? Start small- start with bump stocks. Admit it. They need to go.
Blood on your hands.
Preventable, we require you, Richard Shelby, to stop these assaults on Americans. You caused this carnage, blood on your hands.
Put your voting where your tweeting is!!! Pass strong nation-wide gun control laws!!
Back up prayers w/gun legislation & placing human lives over your political career. Google Altruism  -
If Congress had done their jobs, this would not have happened!  You've had many opportunities to fix this problem but didn't!
Sick of empty prayers when you could stop the carnage with some gun laws. NRA controls republicans.
you voted against the assault weapon ban so YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE!  Pray to God to FORGIVE YOU!!
What’s it like to be a sociopath?
Quit praying and OUTLAW ASSAULT WEAPONS!!!!!
try to "fix" the gun problem, your words mean zero!
"I’m a Second Amendment man," said Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala. "I’m not for any gun control."
Respectfully you are parying for the victims and you should, we all should, but then you say do nothing when it comes to gun reform"? Wow!
Taking money from the NRA and encouraging assault weapons?  Shame on you

Take your idiotic backward CSA KKK “CHRISTIAN KKK” STATE and secede back to 1860. The USA is sick of bama and it’s CSA.  SUPPORT YOURSELVES
A state full of lazy, stupid people relying on blue states to support them while they support KKK NAZIS WHITE POWER AND CIVIL WAR UNAMERICAN
I Hope the entire island of Puerto Rico moves en mass to Alabama and votes in the upcoming senate election. They can they are citizens.
Thread 1 : "I'm not for any gun control, I'm a 2nd amendment man"..... u r in the pocket of #NRA.
Our forefathers couldn't foresee guns capable of a massacre w/in minutes. Bill in the house to make silencers & bullet piercing ammo legal
"Bump stocks" perfectly legal 2 make a semi-auto weapon fully automatic. The lunatic bought 37 weapons LEGALLY n last year & not 1 red flag
Take your prayers and use them to protect your own family I'm all take #CommonSenseGunLaws
I applaud your praying for the victims but you have the elected power to make a change. Praying that you do so.
And what are you doing about it? Get off your ass to pass legislation, no auto weapons, no silencers, no conversions to automatic
We don't need thoughts and prayers, we need a ban on assault weapons! NOW!!
Yeah, right....as long as it doesn't affect you personally, you're good with it.
Assault weapons MUST be BANNED!
God will bless you to vote against the NRA.
Prayers don't stop these things.  The assault weapons ban will. Do your job.
We should be praying for the next massacre unless something is done about all the weapons floating around.
Ban these damned weapons and stop with the useless prayers. Do your job for a change.
That rings pretty hollow, coming from you, a do-nothing senator. That scene was a war zone. You & the Congress need to help prevent that.
Is it true? You are against gun control? If so, stop crying when there are assaults; that's the result of your inaction.
BUT NO THANKS TO YOU. IF REASONABLE MEASURES OF GUN CONTROL WERE IN PLACE, THERE WOULD BE NO NEED FOR FIRST RESPONDERS.
#GunControlNow
.@SenShelby Praying doesn't help! Banning Bump Stocks would. U speak out of both sides of your mouth. How much does the NRA pay you?
No gun control of any type...hope a close family member is killed with an assault weapon so u know how 58 other families feel
Screw you Shelby. Their blood is on your hands.
#BanAssaultWeapons #BanBumpStocks #BanHighCapacityMagazines
GUN REFORM NOW!!
You could have done something pro-active about this instead of reactive tweets that don't bring back the dead.
WE WANT STRICTER GUN LAWS!!!! DO YOUR JOB.
"I want all the killing. All of it. No stop to the killing. Unchecked murders, human blood flowing in an endless river of pain." - senshelby
Could cut out some of that heartfelt praying with a little common fucking sense. Work for your constituents instead of the NRA, derp.
When are you going to stop praying and do something?  What if one of your family members were shot? Would you do something then?
Your prayers are meaningless because you say you’re a “2nd Amendment Man!” There’s blood on your hands!
How do you like to pray? Does the NRA have a handbook on appropriate prayers after a mass shooting?
Yes, you should be thankful you and yours weren't harmed with the guns you love so much. Bought and paid for.
The 2nd amendment was written when guns held only ONE bullet at a time .  Prayers are nice & all but get with the times #CommonSenseGunLaws

GFY.
so, nothing. you're doing nothing. you wrote a tweet, and now will do nothing. got it.
If you feel this way BAN weapons of WAR on the streets of America, otherwise your words are as hollow as your actions.
Stand against the heckler's veto. educate the public or I will.
HOW tragic? More or less than $4,950? #NRA #NRAKills #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
Your "prayers" are bullshit. The "tragic Las Vegas shooting" is, in part, due to the $4,950 your accepted from the NRA in 2016. There is blood on YOUR hands.
REPEAL CON REPUBLICONS
and save your lame prayers for your job #VoteGunControlNOW
Republican politicians  + NRA = Votes & financial support for the  lives of US men, women and children. I hope you like the outcome.
How many have to die? #NRAKills #CommonSenseGunLaws #BanAssaultRifles #notosilencers #BloodOnYourHands
No automatic weapons or silencers should be legal- save lives and stop taking NRA money
Senator Shelby, you voted against an assault weapons ban....the blood is on your hands.
God bless those who take care of the people they were elected to serve.  You did the opposite by voting agst the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban.
Nobody wants your worthless prayers, save them for your soul, you'll need them more.
sangre dinero sangre
My thoughts and prayers are with you. Hope you get all the NRA donations you hope for.
Why don't you stop taking money from the NRA and vote for common sense gun laws so this doesn't continue to happen?
Is the $4,950 NRA contribution in 2016 worth the lives of these individuals?
#BloodOnYourHands
How much does the NRA pay you (to ensure that you keep "praying" for the sake of more future victims by mass assault weaponry)? STOP IT !
.@SenShelby Perhaps they should stuff your thoughts and prayers where we can't see them and instead support common sense gun reform
There would be no victims if this man was unable to buy assault weapons.  Make them illegal! Get on the right side of God.
They would not be needing your prayers if you had voted sensibly for gun reform.
Your vote against banning assault weapons makes you partially responsible for the deaths in Las Vegas. Take responsibility; own your sins.
Stop praying and start doing something.
Alabama Senator Richard Shelby received $4,950 from the #NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
America will be "thankful" when you stop taking money from NRA and take action!
Enabler!
You voted against the assault weapon ban.  How do explain that to their families?
On the issue of gun control, you can lead, follow, or get out of the way! Take your choice.
Your thoughts and prayers for the past 30 years have done nothing to stop the scourge of mass shootings. Time for something different.
Prayers will not help the dead. Instead, pass sensible gun control laws and quit bowing down to the NRA!
Can’t wait to vote against you.
He said as he kept voting to make guns accessible without background checks or regulations... 
is your employer, the NRA, praying too? Or laughing all the way to the bank?
may you please also send the NRA their money back. or better yet donate it to save lives. thank you.

you have no soul, you voted against reasonable gun bills...took nras money
you have no soul, you voted against reasonable gun bills
couple that prayer with action and stop taking money from the NRA!
REALLY?? you took $ from NRA, Americans  want & need more Control of Guns!!! Their blood is on your hands
Yeah, pray for an increase from the NRA next year.  Coward.
You're thankful for NRA $$ that blinds you to YOUR responsibility for these endless murders.
I am praying for Assualt Weapons Ban to be passed. Would be a good step toward eliminating massacre's in America. You Voted "No".
I'll match what the NRA gives you to get you to vote for gun control. YOUR PEOPLE ARE DYING FOR YOUR RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS!
stop gun violence NOW! $4,950 accepted from the NRA in 2016
Your fake prayers are useless. How did you spend your NRA blood money? I hope it was worth it #BloodOnYourHands
You could have stopped this with legislation. #BloodMoney Stop pandering to NRA money and act!
