I don't hold an elected office nor do I intend to seek one, however as a layman if I did the people of or Republicans of Alabama like Sen. Shelby I would dig a hole and hide forever,,,,,shameful !
it is @realDonaldTrump who is not loyal ~remember #ALABAMA
So you'll consider impeachment if Trump fires him and special prosecutor for refusing to help him get rid of Russia investigation?
Hell no.
That is correct!
Nah
Still wish he had mentioned those stupid Russian meetings in confirmation hearings
Take my name out of that!
Then why don't you join the people of alabama and stand behind the new transgender military policy, because you are a career politician
Really? - so if Trump fires Sessions in order to find a AG who will fire Mueller, we can expect you to support impeachment  hearings, right?
Alabama was lucky in having the two finest Senators in the Country.
The character of this man you claim has integrity has lied under oath more than once & has a long history of racism & bigotry. Shame on you
What is difference between racism and ignorance? Ignorance can be overcome by educating yourself, racism is the liberals scarlet letter.
Racism is America's scarlet letter. Educate yourself; the white supremacists align themselves w/the GOP, not liberals. Hence, the alt-right.
Race card enters any conversion when they have a bad hand
I wander who is going to impeach Sen. Shelby, we need to expell him from the Republican Party. Yes I am a member!
And #racism 
Always #racism with @jeffsessions that's his legacy 
Good for you, Senator!  This can't be about party politics. It's time for statesmen to stand up for American values.
Well, that's a bit of a stretch. Still he should not resign for now. He's a racist to the core. This could all be a ruse for distraction.
Mmmkay, comrade
Let's not forget who Sessions really is. Liar, racist, etc who is giggling as he dismantles anything Obama.  He is not one to respect.
My hero: https://buelahman.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/3313390547_63cc7ebd75_o.jpg …
STOP THE DAM CARAVAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHAT IS BEING DONE ABOUT THE TROVE OF IMMIGRANTS COMING TO OUR BOARD.  THEY MUST BE STOPPED.  I ALSO SUPPORT JEFF SESSIONS.
Gave Ammo to the other side!!! Vote for who you want but keep your mouth shut. How dumb can a Senator be???????
I will not cast my vote for you again Mr. Shelby, I'm sure many others in this great state feel the same
Wtf?  I don't support you or Jeff Sessions. I respect his decision to recuse but otherwise you're both DJT and the GOP's henchmen.
He is an embarrassment to Alabamians. He is a disgrace and should end his humiliation by resigning.
Politicians opinions are irrelevant anymore. We the people are taking our country back. No investigation of Clinton means one is compromised
1. We all understand and respect that Senator. The problem? Opposition is literally willing to do anything to overturn election.
2. As such, it turns out that Jeff Sessions and Ron Rosenstein are not the right fit for the positions they hold.
Rod
Thanks Ms. Brandon. My regrets.
SaruTrump it seems is not an ally for Frodo Sessions after all. Now the Alabama Fellowship ride to his aid #notmysenator #notmyag #idiots
Your tweets and votes do not speak for me and I am a native Alabamian. I've voted for you several times. Never again.
Not all the the people of Alabama support Sessions. Please revise that tweet.
THANK YOU, SEN SHELBY!
Please don't speak for me! Sessions does not have my support or respect.
We shall see if you stand up to Trump, when it really matters. Twitter talk is cheap.
Thank you. What's going on in the oval office is out of control. Trump's bullying is unacceptable & Sessions did the right thing. Bad 4 DT
Respect?  He's an old white supremacist and a traitor.  He jumped into the sewer with both feet let him sink
Too bad you didn't do it on TV.  That was PATHETIC. You did NOT treat Obama with respect. Why lie?
Who gives a shit about Sessions. I and millions of others are about to lose our healthcare.
45 and family are the most corrupt American family in office
If so, you CANNOT support Trump. Rule of law, or not - you cannot have it both ways.
Sessions deserves NO respect. A racist bigot throwback #ImpeachTrumpNow cabinet of idiocracy
I join the good people of American in hope that Sessions, Trump & depraved, feckless, grand-old-party-before-country drown in their own tar.
Though Trump is a disgusting human being, Sessions did lie UNDER OATH about Russian contacts. He should have never been allowed to be AG
How about you respect our country and start impeachment proceedings?
Jeff Sessions should be in jail for perjury. I really hope to see the GOP handed a massive defeat for their failure to defend our democracy.
(1) If Session made such a blunder on a battlefield he would b demoted.   Why dont u help out since he has resigned himself from Russia?
Your racism is getting in the way of your common sense. You won't win
(2)Also, please we need Healthcare. Please, vote yes4 it. Then we can move past this& things will b alot smoother for Sessions and POTUS.
You are a sucker and so are all Alabamians who fell for and supported the con artist Trump. Y'all own this!!
(1)I respect Session bt he shld have advised POTUS that if he became AG, he would not b able2 protect the WH from partisan attacks on Russia
(2) Sessions knew he wld recuse be4 he took office. It was a huge blunder, so I dont blame POTUS. Now, he has an AG who cant referee Mueller
(3) Mayb if Repubs was a little more helpful, like subpoenaing DNC server so we can get2 the bottom of all this. Sessions cant he's recused.
Hmm, doesn't that put you at odds with his boss, @realDonaldTrump? Could it be he's FINALLY done something to rouse the sleeping GOP?
Mr. @SenShelby I have given you heck about the healthcare vote; but for this, I do thank you.
You speak for this Alabamian.  Thank you. #ISupportJeffSessions
Mr. Shelby, you lose every inch of character by blindly supporting Mr. Trump. He's a NYC Republican, if I can even call him a republican.
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
Yes !
Vote #no; show some integrity; be willing to fix in a dignified, transparent bipartisan effort!
More than POTUS, whom you so blindly support is doing.
You're gonna have to choose: sessions or Trump. You can't have it both ways. Stand up to @POTUS and do your job!
sounds like someone doesn’t give their full support to their president…
Asset forfeiture without due process. Unconstitutional
You don't speak for this citizen of Alabama. I don't support either of you.
Not this person in Alabama...some of us know what crooks y'all are.
Does this mean you disagree w/ recent tweets by @realDonaldTrump about Sessions being "beleaguered" and having a "weak position?" Be clear!
Please give your unwavering support to the people of Alabama. Vote NO on bill. Here are some good reasons from AARP.
Unless Trump tells you differently!  And, WHEN Trump fires him or forces him out, you will do nothing!  Big talk, no action.  Total fraud!
Yeah, I live in Alabama. I'm not joining you. He's a hating, racist, homophobic- white male who thinks he's above the law
Like all republican sheep. Which is it Trump or Sessions?
Coming from a former Democrat, that's comforting.
I live in Alabama, and uhh...no. He jumped into that sewer headfirst.
You let your democrat counterparts call him racist tho
then don't give them a win on healthcare today stand up to him you're letting him destroy your party, you must get them in line or lose
Good for you, Senator. Thank you.
Way to throw "...the people of Alabama" into the pile of treasonous garbage that Sessions & DJT are attempting to coverup.
I believe the president will be making a huge mistake!!!
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
You are only supporting him because he is from Alabama? This is what America has come to, no longer value "authentic" we cater for our own
You r an tool of #FakeNews #CorruptMedia calling #RussiaHoax "news of the hour". It's #FakeNews! Yet u dismiss investigating #CrookedHillary
Great but I hope you support the Pres also. When are you guys going to start helping to drain the sewer?
Dick as a native Mobilian I've know @jeffsessions for yrs. You & the rest of AL need to stand up against #ConmanTrump NOW! You've been had!
You forgot "lying, perjuring, racist bigot."
You don't "join" or speak for me until you show unwavering support for our healthcare.
I am a person of Alabama and I do not respect or support @jeffsessions.
Good man for sure...but has totally missed opportunities to investigate Dimms outrageous behavior ...of course both of you are D.C. insiders
gross. But y'all are racist as hell so it makes sense.
Your buddy trump has turned on your pal. Alabama is going to get screwed over too. Better switch side now while your criminal leader is weak
Trump not saying Sessions is dishonest or not loyal. he's saying Sessions is weak. Trump is 100% correct. Sessions is a spineless jellyfish
I'm not from Alabama but I think they deserve better than some twerp still stuck in the 50s
No, a lot of us here in Mobile, AL (his hometown) despise him, too. He needs to grow a spine and stand up to Trump or resign.
Sorry but if he was all that he would not have endorsed a dirt bag sleazy person like Donald Trump
#ImpeachNowReplaceLater
BS. How much damn evidence has to come out against the Clinton Foundation pal? Huh?
The racist white people of Alabama
Forget friendship sir.  This is about our country, not about good ole boy back slappin'.  Grow some.  **** ... you know what I'm saying.
Sessions doesn't have my respect or the respect of anyone he sought to harm through @TheJusticeDept.
Ya'll through your lot in with a traitor and his coconspirators of which Sessions is one of many. #YouMadeYourBed
Words words words...show us some action and #VoteNoBCRA as well as call for #ImpeachTrump
So let's see what kind of spine you have.
How abt supporting Alabamians by #VoteNoTrumpcare? Also, if 45 fires Sessions, will u vote to #Impeach45? #alpolitics

Sincerely, 

Alabama
ROLL TIDE ROLL 

How DARE YOU, @SenateGOP do NOTHING as this treasonous @POTUS treats OUR Attorney General as if his job is to represent him vs. justice!
Loyalty pledges are for DJT. Everyone else is expendable including Sessions, the party & the country.
Bet there are more than a few people in Alabama who would disagree.
#RollBigotry?
you helped create this monster. Only yourself to blame.
BULLSHIT! If you @SenateGOP @HouseGOP gave Jeff Sessions the respect and support he deserves, you'd stop being damn cowards and do your job!
"Until he's fired and then I will cave and let Trump piss all over my country".
@hughhewitt 
So what's the point. Recuse = resign. Unable to fully carry out his duties.
Started another Tweet for you: "Conversely, I feel the President's actions toward Sessions are ___________________."
Sessions maybe everything you say he is, but the one thing he is not, is living up to his bosses expectations that gets you fired #realworld
You're in a pickle now, Senator.
By kissing Trump's behind?
Never trust a narcissistic sociopath.
And learn how to fucking thread your tweets! It's 2017!
Sessions should fire Mueller and disband the Special Prosecutor's office; indict Hillary and Bill Clinton!!!
So let me guess. You find trump's tweets "troubling" or "disturbing" but you will continue to carry his water like their rest of the GOP?
The Ku Klux Keebler is a bigot, knowingly using DOJ's resources to disproportionately attack blacks.

Stand up and stop this President from ruining our country. No more talk! Trump will eventually try to take you all out to save himself.
Did you approve of Obama's schooling of the economy and destroying every country
He's a racist,lying, vote suppressing sycophant but he's your racist, lying vote suppressing sycophant. You told Trump this or just tweeted?
Your buddy is being whacked like a piñata by Trump. Are you going to be a man and call out Trump for his reprehensible behavior?
Stop talking and go into action! All u rs just talk! Why are you all scared of trump when u can easily oust him and no worries left! ACT!

Does your "unwavering support" include "actual consequences" for @realDonaldTrump's actions or mere lip service?
How about a showing of support (also) for the rule of law?
But that's looking more and more like an anti-Trump position. Are you sure you want to break ranks? What will your supporters think?
Love Jeff, but I think he could be doing more. No reason to believe he isn't, just believe that he could do more. 
Not "deep respect" from all Alabama people. But the enemy of my enemy...
Thank you Senator for stating that. I am not your constituent, I live in UT.
