Please stand with House Freedom Caucus and get the #FullRepeal of the ACA! #KeepThePromise! Stand #UnitedForFreedom!
U folks have been in office far 2long and you failed us on obama care u have ur plan I'm hoping Trump takes away the exemption Obama gave u
Disappointed?! You SHOULD be ashamed for attempting to make us sicker and more vulnerable. #ShameOnShelby
STALEMATE PPL...COR. REPS WANNA PUSH DEMS INTO SINKING SHIP & DEMS TRYING TO DRAG THE REPS INTO THE MUD OR BUSH ADMIN. TONG GUI YU JIN. WE
Tell that to 50 republican senators
Vote for people and protections. Shame on you. No, you have no shame.
Senator Shelby, the bill was written and revealed only shortly before the vote. High school students are more responsible than that.
Furthermore, I'm confused to why the GOP thinks access to healthcare is a "burden."
Wait until you see the new rates for Obamacare then you'll see the 'burden'
Rates are set by Blue Cross, not ACA. In fact, ACA is prevented from controlling prices due to Republican amendments to the original bill.
Disappointed enough to kick untold numbers of your constituency off healthcare altogether? Disgusting.
Everyone needs affordable healthcare.
then why does Senate take off for the month of August. Don't get your work done, but get a vacation.  Time for LOTS of changes in our govt.
#Trump called you a fool this morning https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/891260230876659713 … these fellas are his hand picked associates...
What burden?  You don't live in the same world I do.
Disappointed you haven't impeached trump yet
Thank God you didn't succeed in hurting millions of Americans!  #healthcare
Racist  craker.
Follow the lead of Sen Collins, put your State/Country over party. Stop hiding and start listening. You are a sorry leader and Mitch's dog!
The biggest problem with Obamacare is that it has the word Obama in it. The truth is that the R's named it Obamacare.
Obamacare saved my life. You guys should quit lying about it.
OR SHOULD I SAY SELF INTEREST OR PARTY INTEREST TRUMPS EVERYTHING EVERYTIME! THEY'LL SHOW TELL DEMONSTRATE!
Shame on you. Especially for allowing such a complete break from normal senate procedure!
WE DIE TOGETHER. MUTUALLY ASSURED DESTRUCTION. MAD. I AM NOT NUETRAL TO MY OWN SURVIVAL. I AM LOOKING OUT FOR  NUMBER 1 MYSELF & PARTY COMES
I AM LOOKING OUT FOR  NUMBER 1 MYSELF & PARTY COMES FIRST! WHY U LOST THE VIETNAM WAR. PRIMARY REASON. SELF INTEREST TRUMPS EVERYTHING ELSE!
fix the ACA, stop with the negative
I'm not disappointed. You can do better. Come up with solutions.
Doing a wrong thing is worse than doing nothing... #FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED ONLY! NO trumpcare either! #UnitedforFreedom!
The only disappointing thing is that you believe the "obamacare is failing" lie.
Burden?  Your state's inability to pay it's own bills has been a problem since the founding of our union.
Why don't you sit with patents at Women's and Children's in Mobile and find out what your PEOPLE need? Assurances and protections.
Disappointed that GOP is not interested in helping Americans keep better health care.  No plan for future.  Shameful.
Please work on a bipartisan plan to strengthen the ACA!
Thrilled misguided attempt to repeal ACA failed. Time to reach across aisle and improve what we already have.
Why don't you stand up for Alabama? Why don't YOU do what is best for Alabama, not just Party lines? You need to resign!
I followed thru, with countless emails, letters, fax's opposing this reckless shell of a bill, Shame on you for its consideration!
Disappointed that YOU, don't represent your people! Amongst the protests you ignore, you would throw 188k Off insurance from AL! Why?
You all should have kept you word that was written oay the insurance providers instead of shafting them by allowing Rubio to.not pay up.
Just in case you missed it earlier: #ShameOnShelby
John McCain was truly a hero last night but Richard Shelby chose to be a goat again. Do you even give a damn about people? No you don't!
It's a tragedy when our governor doesn't accept Medicaid expansion to help over and then you say yes to a bill denying Healthcare.
There was no bill! A bill has substance. This Bill had no support from the American people. Remember you guys work for us! Remember that!
Senator McCain was once again a great American hero.   Now all members of Congress need to work together to improve the ACA.
Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Work on repair, not repeal. And enjoy you're last term in office. #ACA #alpolitics
people with disabilities that didn't get anything from Obamacare that are being cut in this bill are thankful. You are smarter than this.
You should call for a change in leadership. McConnell must go.
How about a bill to escape Trump?
.@SenShelby #shameonShelby for voting against the interests of Alabamians. Trying to #MakeAmericaSickAgain
You should also acknowledge the millions it would hurt.
I only have insurance bc of Obamacare. It's a blessing, not a burden.
What IS burdensome is your lack of interest in your constituents' thoughts, interests, and concerns, demonstrated by not having a town hall.
Stop, just stop thinking of only winning. We want solutions not ego torpedoes.
John McCain needs to apologize to his constituence as well as the rest of us over his fit throwing!! He's a disgrace! Sorry Mr Shelby!!
You would think that after 7 years of Congress complaining and making promises to Americans that a replacement for ACA would be done.
Intended to end "Obamacare" without actually addressing any of the problems with it. 7 years to study up on this and still no better plan.
It was a bad bill. Why don't you start over and build consensus around fixing what is broken in the law rather than repeal?
Obamacare may be a burden to you but the ACA is fine!
Disappointed you were too cowardly to stand up for your constituents.
Yeah and just hinder and strife millions of more Americans, maybe put your ego aside and sit down with dems to get an actual solution
Yes, healthcare is in need of improvements but secretive meetings & bullying tactics won't work. Restore truth and transparency to the GOP!
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
Disappointed you're one of my state senators
Just to restate the desires of your constituents: Fix the ACA!  Repeal and replace was a campaign slogan.  Wake up!
Don't be disappointed. Be ashamed u put party b4 people. 

U voted 2 strip HC frm millions & increase prems 20%. 

#ShameOnShelby 
#FixACA
It's about time for Collins, Murkowski, and McCain to decide to get on board or get the hell OUT!
Grateful the Senate was able to agree that it was best to NOT cut millions of Americans' healthcare. #ShameOnShelby #ThankYouJohnMcCain
Not that we can expect any real leadership from you, but I hope you thanked the 3 R's for saving the GOP's collective ass.
Try 'Outraged'
Disappointed that you voted for party rather than for us. Your decisions can mean life or death for AL voters. WE are disappointed.
#ShameOnShelby
Disappointed you're still our Senator...
Hurry up and retire, we need a Senator in Alabama who is actually in touch with the people he represents.
GOP senators like you have become policy terrorists. No effort to work with Dems. Your insolence and divisiveness will be your downfall.
Seriously? As soon as u offer YOUR health package 2 the rest of us, I'll *think* about believing how much you care about suffering Americans
I'm disappointed you couldn't even try to fix the flaws in ACA. Why are you so focused on taking insurance away people?
Your ignorance and arrogance is appalling. Like most Rep. Sen. you chose your party over people. Trumpcare was a disaster. Shame on you.
You are a sad human being to try to take Medicaid away from the poor.
It was 8 pages long! How is 8 pages going to cover the complexity of healthcare properly? Plus kicking millions of ppl off their plans.
You'd be less disappointed if you'd talked to ppl about their concerns. Your vote was a collective to our calls/emails/faxes/tweets/visits.
#ShameOnShelby
Disappointed that you cared more about giving Trump a win than actually coming up with a better plan. #YouHadSevenYears
No excuse except political hate for our duly elected President!

Disappointed that Republicans spent the last seven years bitching about ACA and not coming up with a better plan.
Are you sad you didn't get a fat bonus?
Put yourselves on obamacare, prove how much you care
Maybe listen to McCain and try for a little bipartisanship. There is a lot to be done to fix healthcare without tearing it all down.
Get a grip! The GOP hate is the burden!
It doesn't help and u know it. U wouldn't expand Medicaid for us and therefore it wouldn't work for thousands. U will b voted out!!
Collectively work with women, minorities, across the isle to create meaningful legislation to build on ACA with visibility, that's success!
Please stop lying about health-care
#ShameOnShelby
Don't you mean "a bill intended to hurt millions of Americans"?  Because that's what it would've done. #stoplying
#ShameOnShelby
That is what happens when you try to jam something through and present a bill a couple hours before you vote on it at 2 a.m.  Shameful.
Didn't the GOP have 188 amendments on the Obamacare bill? How many did you allow Dems to have on yours? ZERO? We all see your true intention
disappointed that your YES vote shows you're more interested in taking care of the wealthy, rather than people in your home state.
There's already a law in place. FIX THE FLAWS!
Instead of exploiting them and insisting the whole thing be scrapped. It's like trashing a washer because the whites come out dingy.
Great analogy.
Disappointment is not enough, get back to work until OBAMA care is gone @MAGA @SenateMajLdr @NRSC Roll Tide
Someone's always got to throw football into it. 
Just stop. It's your fault. All you do is complain & scapegoat others. You have no ideas based on reality.

Glad it didn't pass for those of us with preexisting conditions
#ShameOnShelby
disappointed y'all are spineless and y;all need to repeal the 17th Amendment.
You had 7 years to come up with a workable plan. 7 years! It's time to admit Rs have no ideas other than "opposite of Obama".
You mean, "intended to cut taxes for your sponsors."  Work to fix those parts of the ACA that can be improved.  Work with *all* Senators.
