Don't your constituents deserve better than the healthcare bill that you're voting on?
His constituents want a repeal.
His constituents who want that are ill-informed.
Yes, you're right, socialized, government controlled medicine kills, an undisputed fact
The rest of the developed world would like to lodge a dispute.  So would Medicare recipients.
Medicare is a prepaid insurance plan paid by 1.45% of your FICA taxes, As far as EuroCare, see #CharlieGard
Key point you're missing: Nobody compelled the Gard's to have their child treated by the NHS.  They could have gone private.
They were compelled, the doctors applied to have the ventilator turned off against the parents wishes, and time ran out as a result
Sad Sen. Shelby won't draw the line with the @POTUS, but you did with @POTUS44. Shelby is selfishly protecting his seat in Power. @GOP @DNC
Sessions should not have recused himself.  As for you, you can't seem to support the President so we in Alabama will no longer support you.
“I thought those guys [the Ku Klux Klan] were OK until I learned they smoked pot.” Your boy Jeff
A real friend stands by his friend against a bully.
A true fiend helps to change a racist
High-larious. You voted for this shitshow.

#GOPHypocrisy
@SenShelby Sir, stand firm supporting one of the most honorable and loyal men POTUS will ever know. #AGJeffSessions
A M-A-N,any M-A-N would never let DRAFT DODGING COWARD treat him like No balls Jeff lets 45 piss in his face,saying it's rain.NO PRIDE?SAD
Well he may deserve better than being harassed by his boss on twitter,but seeing as he doesn't believe that Title VII should protect 1/2
2/2 people from discrimination based on sexual orientation...frankly I don't feel that bad for him!!
I guess you're using alternate definition of integrity because where I come from, a man of integrity wouldn't lie about meeting w Russians
He's missing his hood most of the time though. If he's so honorable he can at least show us who he really is
No, he doesn't. Maybe not fired for the reason Herr Drumpf says, but should never have been confirmed.
Now watch me vote with Trump 100% of the time
He is very good man let him do his job.
Ok, when are you and the other Republicans going to stand up to Trump?
You're seriously suggesting a man who says gay people don't deserve to be safe at work is a man of integrity? Says a lot about you dude.
If the U.S. Senate had ANY integrity as a legislative body @realDonaldTrump would not have won. we would not be here on ACA. #fuckingweasels
@jeffsessions is on the wrong side of history. Be on the right side.
A vote for this skinny repeal will only hurt your constituents! Who do U represent?
I do not care for the Christian Conservative. However. No one deserves to be BULLIED! Not by a moron. Ever.

America's integrity deserves better than trump & his fraudulent family & the circus of clowns he's employed!
America and our history deserve better than this President.
No! He needs to get to work on @POTUS agenda and quite hidding behind his problems.
Fake news pukes defending Sessions after calling him a racist during confirmation.  And you wonder why you're fake news

Get a backbone or your no better than him. This is your chance to show Al & the world racism is not tolerated. Step up. @SenShelby
Support a racist you are a racist
Hate your Sessions stance, but THANK YOU for standing up for transgender soldiers!
Seriously. I am not willing to go. If someone is willing to serve, let them.
EVERYONE deserves better than this.  This isn't who we are as Americans.  We don't treat people this way.
Was this the same Session that fellow Senators the Democrats and MSM was labelling as a racist just a few months ago
Directing this @potus who doesn't understand the word INTEGRITY.
Don't just talk about it, do something about it. You're a leader, so lead. Have you been there so long that you've forgotten how?
Yo why you wearing pants, son?
U should say the same thing about American citizens we deserve better I'm not going to reach that far and call Sessions a man of integrity
DT has done it...made me feel compassion for Jeff.
How can you stand with a President the way he goes after your friend? Does the GOP have no integrity? #CountryOverParty
He's a racist pig!
Really?? Is this the same Jeff Sessions Democrats accused of being racist? People would believe you Leftists IF you weren't such LIARS!
Are we thinking of the same person, sessions is a racist . He deserves to be persecuted like he persecutes minorities
GIVE IT A REST.

http://voltairebastard.com/ 

nobody cares
No he isn't. No he doesn't. But what Trump's doing is still horrific and intending to undermine  the US system
Now u like the racist?

He's a bag of turds but rather him as AG than a puppet AG who has to swear fealty to the king turd in order to get the job!!
While he doesn't deserve to be treated as trump is doing, he should never have been made AG. He lied under oath and is unethical
Sessions is a bigot.  He has no integrity, no compassion, no empathy.  He and Trump deserve each other.
well, Sen Shelby what the F**K did you expect from Trump ... a man whose ass you've been kissing ??!!
What does the switch in the photo do?
Neither Trump or Sessions are men of integrity...they deceive to go down with each other.
Not really.
he really doesnt, but... welcome to the shit show
No, Sessions is not. He's a liar and is corrupt.
Oh, that's utter .
@jaketapper @CNN WE ALL deserve BETTER than THIS! Well, except my neighbor who still has his Christmas lights up-he deserves THIS
Isn't this the same Jeff Sessions that couldn't get approved by the Senate as AG not too long ago?
No he isn't, and no he doesn't! He is a trump sewer rat. #SewerRATHealthKillPlan #MaRIA
@jaketapper @CNN I wish Attorney General Sessions the best, despite disagreeing with his policies
I wish President Trump the same
A racist of integrity
Please don't bring Sessions back to Alabama!
Attacking Sessions is the only good thing Trump has done in years.
Sessions as a man of integrity is a hard sell when his goal is to return to Jim Crow.
I didn't realize you could be called a man of integrity when you lied about Russian meetings.
Amen @SenShelby !
False, and false
He is not a man of integrity. He made a deal with the devil. He brought this on himself.
Sessions knew Trump was a snake.  Just desserts!

P
LOL Shelby,  you and Sessions are cut from the same racist cloth.  Fellow Alabamian
I can't believe we are at the point of defending Sessions because the President is worse. Please help us all.
On @CNN now discussing AG Jeff Sessions. He is a man of integrity and he deserves better than this. 
No, this is better than he deserves.
Not sure he really deserves better.....
Sessions lied about Russia meeting and should resign. But not right now as trump must not win this war.
I'll agree that he doesn't deserve this
is he really. he blocked minorities left and right but he deserves better.....WOW
No one watches @CNN
He's also a horrible racist, Richard.
No he doesn't Sessions is a RACIST BIGOT
I think sessions is  racist who committed perjury, but I still think Trump is insane to treat him as he has. First one to turn gets deal!
Creative use of music stand.
Pffft, okay.
Sessions is awful. But of course every American deserves better than this stupid, corrupt, inept GOP Pres.
Yeah, keep drinking the koolaid, Richard!! You'll go down in flames at the midterms, thank you very much!
Of course he is. If you are LGBTQ you have no rights. He is trying to take us back to the 1950's. It's like watching the Titanic sink.
Don't give me that line of BS, man of integrity. Lies to Congress, is bigoted, met with Russians to help throw election, thats not integrity
No he doesn't
Really.....integrity a word that comes to mind with Senator Sessions? Must be a low bar
You get fleas when u lay with dirty dogs like @realDonaldTrump
@jaketapper @CNN Well, I wouldn't go that far, but he deserves what he gets for supporting Trump.
Um...nope. He totally deserves it.
Lie down with a snake and you'll be bitten.
Who turns on their friends and supporters in such a vile public manner? How can our children look up to this? It's mortifying.
Um, no. Not integrity. No.
@MorningsMaria @Scavino45 Memory loss ~ Racist was tag prior to confirmation??? Alinsky puppets
Didn't he lie to congress?
"Sessions deserves better than this."

#ImpeachTrump 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
This is a man who lied to Congress in a very bigly way!
@jaketapper @CNN uh he lied under oath to congress. I'd hardly call him a pillar of anything. But I do get if trump fires him bad
This is too funny. Went from KKK loving racist who should be fired to sainthood in 60 days.
Lying under oath is the opposite of integrity
No he's not. He wants to reignite the war on drugs to help fund his private prisons. He's a monster along with Trump.
Men of integrity don't call black employees "boy".
Except he isn't and does.
Lol!
Integrity?
He really doesn't deserve better - it's just that it seems that way because Donny's such an ass.
Maybe you could help Sessions find some of that integrity you think is hidden inside him. #TransRightsAreHumanRights
You know he's a racist xenophobe, right?
Nah
He deserves better than this, perhaps, but he is not a man of integrity.  He is a bigot.
Oh give me a break. He's a little better than trump. It ends there.
He certainly hasn't acted like a man of integrity.
Is he tho?  He did choose 2 support a man who has no respect for women & he did lie under oath about Russian contact & supports a liar still
While I don't think trump should he attacking his own AG like this, I have no sympathy to spare for a man like Jeff Sessions.
All of you deserve EXACTLY this for letting Trump on your ticket.  This is reaping what you helped sew.
Jeff Sessions has been remarkably consistent in his devotion to white supremacy and removing American constitutional protections.
Truly amazing that they rally around one of their own, but totally blow off EVERY OTHER abuse of power by @realDonaldTrump
No he's not and no he doesn't. Tho this does not mean the our Vidal Sassoon model Pres should be treating him this way
No, no he is not. And neither are you. #GOPcomplicit
BREAKING: Sessions' DOJ says that gay people aren't protected from discrimination under Title VII. https://www.buzzfeed.com/dominicholden/the-justice-department-just-argued-against-gay-rights-in-a?utm_term=.ktvZArnwjq#.ol95RA2W0z … by @dominicholden 
Actually, AG Jeff Sessions is a despicable little worm who is getting what he deserves for enabling Donald Trump's election.
You mean the same guy who is overturning most of the criminal justice reforms of the last 8 years?
Nah
Watching one A-hole disparaged by a bigger A-hole and thinking "Jeez I thought this would be more entertaining but it just makes me sick!"
@jaketapper @CNN #FakeNews
Integrity? meh, that might be giving him a bit too much credit there Chief.
No he isn't, and no he doesn't.
I disagree with his policies but Trump is pissed because Sessions did the right thing!  Trump doesn't appear to know right from wrong!
You mean the same guy who has lied repeatedly about contacts with Russians during the campaign?
We talking about the guy who said he liked the KKK until he found out they smoked pot?
His DOJ is actively working to harm LGBT people, and frankly, sir, he deserves whatever Trump does to him.
You mean the same guy who just said that Title VII doesn't protect gays against discrimination?
But it was okay for Dimm Senators to speak against him and call him a racist during hearing? You and Jake can SUKIT!
I mean, I think he's completely lacking in integrity, wisdom, compassion, decency, etc. & I still think POTUS is treating him shamefully.
He just filed a ruling saying businesses can fire Americans for being gay and no other reason.... is integrity the right word?
Idk I'd say his job is pretty important and you recuse himself and not do his job... Well anyone else who didn't do their job would be fired
No, he's not. And no, he doesnt.
Hes not doing his job. End of story.
Is it beginning to dawn on you what Trump is about? - he thinks he is Emperor and can do what he wants because Republicans like you let him.
BTW, this is what happens to Trump supporters.  I’m sure you’re next.
Dont forget bigot and racist
Are you effing crazy? THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DESERVE BETTER THAN YOU NO ACCOUNT SENATORS.
He’s a racist and a disgusting human being who’s getting what he deserves. There’s no integrity there.
A man of integrity?  Why does he deserve better.  You dance with the devil and this is what you get.  He can go FHS
He's a #Tool You fu*ks don't know what integrity is.
He does not need this BS from a loser
Bullies only target the best. Maybe now workplace bullying will become something worth talking about.
Isn't and doesn't.
lol

A man of integrity doesn't remove discrimination protections from our gay brothers and sisters.
no he doesn't actually. Anyone willing to serve under this moron deserves everything they get.
Fuck Trump and fuck Sessions. Let them eat each other alive.
No he's not. He's a white supremacist.
Bullshit
No he reaps what he sows
The hold thing is a shame.
He has no integrity, he's been proving that for decades. Same with you, come to think of it.
Nothing but truth here! @jeffsessions does deserve our loyalty, and why are you even on the Commie News Network?
No person of integrity would support trump.
Nah. Rich white men in power are not the victim. Get your shit together, old man.
Thank you, Senator Shelby, for standing up for #JeffSessions, for #Alabama, and for #USA. #POTUS #Trump must stop attacks on #Sessions now!
Stop worrying about AG Jeff Session! You guys just failed to repeal Obamacare! America will not vote for you again! No backbone for us!
actually Sessions does not deserve better than this...
What took him so long to open leak investigation? Why did he recuse himself over a crimeless investigation? I hope you are voted out next!
as someone who voted for you for years, I won't again. U find a voice for this but cower on other issues. #Rino
If you cast your lot with The Dumpster, he will not hesitate to throw you under the bus first chance he gets.
Many members of the black robe society in Alabama convict the honest and disabled to receive incentives and receives
AG SESSIONS WAS THE WRONG PERMISSIVE CHOICE FOR ANY ATTORNEY GENERAL POSITION
Seriously? #MoBrooks is a #NeverTrumper? Listen to him bash Trump!
So you are a ##RINO too? You don't know what is going on! 
No, he's a complete ahole. Still doesn't deserve treatment like this from an even bigger one.
He lied in his confirmation hearing. Under oath. That's not integrity.
You are right that he does deserve better than your president trump. That is all you are right about.
god your state flag is putrid - modern day America has no need for symbols of hatred , when will your state move on
Agreed. But what can you expect from a transactional, opportunistic con artist? Hope the house gets on impeachment and get Vp as prez
Integrity? How many times has he perjured himself in the last 6 months?
Counterpoint: He's an abominable racist and nothing is too bad for him
He's a racist who deserves every bit of this.

It's us, the American people, who don't deserve this.
