Please, do not vote yes. Too many Alabamans will be hurt!
Dick stop lying to Alabamians & The American People. You know The People of AL more than other states need comprehensive healthcare coverage
The only reason you need to vote NO on repeal.
I urge u to vote NO on the motion to proceed to debate on the GOP Healthcare Bill. We will remember who took our health insurance from us.
The problem is that the GOP is suggesting the mandate to buy insurance won’t be enforced and by ending government attempts to enroll people
Taking health insurance from 33 million Americans so corp. and billionaire elite receive enormous tax breaks is what the GOP promised?
As a voter in AL, I have contacted your office & asked you to vote NO. This is a horrible plan thrown together by increasingly corrupt GOP.
Will Shelby takes us back to the good ole times when insurance had caps on care, preexisting condition penaltie$$
Because heaven forbid you just fix the parts that don't work in a bipartisan fashion. Your defining moment is failure, just like your @POTUS
I called to ask you to please reconsider and vote no. Your constituents need healthcare. No answer and voicemail box full. VOTE NO.
U may find that its the defining vote of ur senate career. With only a 3rd of AL voters support. U might get voted out of office.  Vote No
I've tried calling your office several times. Can someone please answer the phone! And tell Luther his mailbox is full. #NoRepeal
NO to Trumpcare! Preserve and fix the ACA!
SHAME ON YOU! Senator Shelby SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!  We will remember this vote come election time.  Republicans majority against  remember
And, the rp will choke.
A defining moment is voting to keep children and adults insured. We all deserve the best. God is watching!
Replace with what? You do not know. Great job at not doing your job. Un-American!
Exactly. Kinda cruel to claim you're trying to replace something when no one even seems to know with what
Thank you Sen. Shelby for taking the stand we wanted you to take!
And with 0 followers....I wonder why?
Please help us Sen. Shelby. My mom is on hospice, moving to Medicaid soon. We all deserve good healthcare! God bless.
So now that we've had federalized healthcare in place for a few years, we can't just repeal it? Turning citizens into dependents. :(
Like the military has?
Please stop blindly following party line at the peril of your constituency. Work toward bipartisan improve of ACA. That would be "defining"!
Why is it that nobody knows what they are voting for? Why do republicans line up for a vote in the dark. Vote no!
Senator your plan should be a part of this plan. Vote no!
Your defining moment could be to fix the ACA and keep Americans insured.
That is what should've been done in the first place. I don't know why it's not getting through to the GOP
ACA is not failing. The GOP is taking money from it so it can't be sustainable! Tell the truth
You're failing your poor and sick constituents
40 YEAR Republican and an Alabama voter. Obamacare does need repealed but thoughtfully. Vote for this, you won't EVER get my vote again
It's ok-- we all make mistakes. We'd rather you break your promise.
Vote no! #NoRepeal
You may not like how it ends up defining you.
The hair dye is bad enough.  THIS vote will result in his not "winning" again.
Repeal only, do NOT replace!
If you throw millions of people off their health insurance history will judge you harshly.
U could also question the abilities of our @POTUS. He is mentally ill and a compulsive liar. Is that good for America?
Vote No! #NoRepeal
Defining moment is @GOP allowing a traitor to use Active Measures/Propaganda against America...including Congress and Sessions and public
No, you must not. You must follow your conscience and think of the many millions of people that will lose their healthcare.
This bill is bad for Alabama. It takes money away from our state and gives it as tax breaks to pharmaceutical companies. Out of touch!
It's not failing, and you'll be a fool to vote for it.
You'll be remembered for the devastation you brought on poor people and our nation's economy. And one day you'll have to explain this to God
This is a defining moment for Republican senators. Donald Trump is destroying confidence in all America holds sacred. He must be stopped.
You're essentially condoning killing people
This will harm the most vulnerable, kids, elderly, disabled.  Have some compassion.
You don't represent the Republican Party. You represent me. From one Tuscaloosan to another, please vote NO.
I'm a constituent, & I will lose access to my insurance if you do this. Don't put partisan politics over the health & wellbeing of your ppl.
Stripping away healthcare from MILLIONS of people is a “defining moment” for the GOP? What a sad, morbid definition.
Sen. Shelby, please do not vote to repeal. Do you care how much Children's Hospital in Birm will lose if you "keep" this lousy promise?
Today is the day. Does @RichsrdShelby have the stones to vote constituents over party? Or will he cave, just another miserable failure?
A defining moment to let us see your tru colorsYour loyalty lies withand your greedNo loyalty for your constituents or the ppl of AL
Who do you truly represent? Who do you truly listen too? People over party. People over President. Don't end your career blindly following
Oh, it's defining alright. You're a definite jackass. Sleep well with your family's health insurance. Why worry about children and widows?
Get Government out of HealthCare period!
Just a REPEAL!  We don't need a replacement.
Noticed that people feel that this healthcare ACA is for the lazy people and minorities! Fear is the first thing they use to persuade you!
Everything I have seen so far is your repeal and replace, since you want to claim it is designed to make the rich richer and the poor poorer
Hoping all this is not about a black man was in the white house, and everything he has done is wrong and must be eliminated!
Can you explain why, in your own words? Also what is your replacement plan, besides just saying repeal and replace? Improvements not replace
Disgusting comment @Senshelby. You are not representing the poor and the working class of Alabama! Vote no!!!
Vote no on this healthcare bill, as it will be overwhelming harmful to the people of AL and the country as a whole. Do the right thing.
How about helping out to stop Muller's crap. He has crossed the line in the investigation.

Don't take healthcare away from millions of Americans just for a tax cut for the wealthy!
Why repeal and replace with same sh*t democrats would take down when they retake the houses? why not improve obamacare?
We the People that you work for DO NOT WANT REPEAL & REPLACE or REPEAL! LISTEN TO US OR YOU WON'T HAVE A JOB WE PROMISE!!!
Be brave! Put #countryoverparty and do what you know is right! BCRA will ensure people in AL get sicker and AL hospitals close! #SaveTheACA
We have different definitions of failing. thousands of your constituents are alive because of ACA but ok
Please don't follow through on dumb promises. #SaveMedicaid #TrumpcareKills
From down in Mobile, we think you are deaf to anything that doesn't smell of money 
I am begging you to please vote no, I know you ran on repealing the ACA but things have changed and lives are at risk,mine is. #AmendTheACA
This is not the bill to vote yes!. Man up, stand your ground, VOTE NO! There's p time to get it right and this is not right. VOTE NO!
Please do not do this.
Replace with what, exactly? Cheaper, more coverage? Like trump promised? Yeah, didn't think so.
Good, R&R this law.  Give our AG support.
How can you vote for something that will affect 1/6 of our economy and millions of Americans when you don't even no what's in it?
Oops.  Know not no.
Please don't repeal ACA. Please stop seeming so selfish and greedy.
You must keep your constituents insured and forget about politics.
Replace with what, Senator Shelby? 
No viable legislation has been put forth that does not seriously harm the American people & their health
Repeal & Replace? BS. Ur REPEALING HEALTHCARE FOR MILLIONS OF AMERICANS. THAT = DEATH. Take ur hatred of Dems and Obama elsewhere.
And do you have a replacement?  All we hear is repeal repeal repeal.
I agree!
No Obamacare lite
Free markets, insurance across state lines!!
Competition is always best!!
You must do what's right for your people and this IS NOT IT. Your party is on the cusp of destroying people.
It's not failing. Y'all are failing your constituents. Man up!
How about getting funding for the Mobile River crossing bridge in the interim
Repeal & replace with something even worse is what you are pushing though. We need a better plan, not another piss poor one.
Repeal Obamacare! Stand up for the producing, working class. Not the Moocher class Antifas
There's no excuse for you to vote for this healthcare reform bill, except party-line politics. Horrified that you are my representative. 
Oh, yes.  This, and not deciding to be complicit in small t treason, is the GOP's defining moment.
Do you know what is in this bill? Better yet, do you even know what bill you are going to be voting on? We know you haven't read it
Defining that you care nothing about thousands of Alabamans who will lose health care coverage. Defining that you are  corrupt and senile
Go back to sleep
If it's such a great plan, why can't we see it? Vote NO on repeal and replace!
When are you going to have a town hall and actually meet with your constituents? #ACA #UniversalHealthCare
Do it.  America is counting on you.
Fix the parts that are broken. Alabama relies on #ACA and many residents have Medicaid. #WorkForYourConstitients
Repeal now!
A defining moment would be for you to stand up and defend the American people with healthcare as good as yours.

Sure, if you want to be on the losing side of history.
Your defining moments would be to leave Washington. You are 83 years old and only a pawn for your super rich cronies
Don't vote for TRUMP remember your constituents!!!!!!!!
Y'all have already defined the moment as legislating in secret just to give Trump a win. Disgusting.
I could agree it isn't perfect, but the way you're going about this is disgusting and disappointing. Your legacy is tarnished.
@SenShelby   You are going down!  We're never going back!
must you? really? You control the senate, house and wh, and still can't come up with a plan. pretty sad imo

Roby got $17,500 in 2016 from BCBS for voting to cut our health care.
Do you have anything better? 

when is the wax museum going to revoke your pass? You have had 7 yrs to come up with a bettet replacement. #INCOMPETENT all of U
Lies have consequences. GOP senators are about to learn that lesson the hard way.
Yeah go for single payer
You guys never said what you would replace it with and so...Here we are not knowing what it is you are voting for
You will keep your health insurance no matter what, so you don't care about will happen to other Americans. You are a sorry example.
It's a defining moment to choose between party and country.
Do you stand and salute when your leader walks in? I have lived in AL all my life & want a no vote from you on this. Quit being so weak.
83 year old crooked politician. Nothing more.
ACA is not failing and our GOP Senators need to get on with other business that will really benefit constituents @lutherstrange #norepeal
You will never be forgiven for how you handled this.
You are not a party of leadership
"This is life or death you are killing me"
Please don't repeal the ACA. LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE MANY CONSTITUENTS who voted for you, including me, who are hoping you do the right thing!
Thank you @SenShelby we're counting on you!
Get 'Er Done 
Bot
Add me to another on a long list who hasn't received a return phone call after calling and telling you to vote no!
Vote no! As one of your constituents I can tell you that this will drastically hurt me and my family!
Vot yes on this bill at your own peril, Sen Shelby. There are many of us who will make sure AL voters remember you voted to their detriment!
Senator Shelby, I called your office this morning and said "don't follow through on dumb promises." Are they not giving you my messages?
If my Congressional reps vote for repeal w/o replace, I will GOTV against every last one of them.
Not if it hurts millions!   That is pure cruelty!
Don't repeal the ACA. Replace it with single payer Medicare for All.
Please don't.
You're playing RUSSIAN ROULETTE w/ our lives! Voting yes on #MTP means ur willing to vote yes on whatever garbage comes out of it. TRAITOR!
You are correct that tha ACA is a disaster but the half baked BCRA is no better and possibly is worse. Fix it first please.
Replacing #Obamacare with #TaxCuts does not solve the #healthcare problem.
Thank you Senator Shelby!
Bot
You do not have a quality plan and it will hurt millions. You are selling the country out and we shall remember this.
You had 7 plus years to have a great plan ready to go when Trump won- big mistake- TrumpCare is a mess & millions will suffer
Vote NO on #TrumpCare! This is life and death for some! Line your pockets some other way.
