Nah, that #treasonousturdblossom won't be in the WH that long. #resistYALL
A+ for that hashtag. 
.@POTUS what r rep doing to earn their money & ppl's trust get #Trump's nominees APPOINTED DO UR JOB DEMS MAKING U LOOK WEAK #FOLLOWME #me
It will take longer than that for him to nominate everybody
Senator Shelby continues to not meet with constituents. At this rate, it will take more than 11 years to get a meeting with him.
Same here...
So, you are swaying you can get a Supreme Court appointee confirmed but now you are stuck in the mud. Figures. #whiner #lifer #termlimits
Liar.
1/3 Mr. Trump has taken longer to nominate these senior officials. Many departments have only one confirmed position — the top job. Ten of
Wrong again.
So tired of you GOP crybabies. Bunch of weaklings, you included.
Then change the rules to simple majority. @SenateGOP does have the majority if you all would stop destroying each other.
You are not telling the whole truth how about the unnamed nominations? You sir need to do your job and not blindly follow @realDonaldTrump
Richard Shelby is a  in the grass. He doesn't care about this country nor his state AL!
I listened yesterday, moving right along.
Why are so many leaving out foreign contacts on security forms?
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussia
Stand up Democrats
Keep fighting these GOP clowns
Shelby, from all the responses are you getting the idea that you're not fooling your constituents, we know you are lying, & we don't like it
why don't you have all the nominees voted on at once!  End the obstruction and vote for all at once! It's time to be a "BULL" & push forward
Yay for Senate Democrats!
So disappointed in our Congress and all I can do is pray forGod to wake up these retards.  Our very country is at stake.
reminds me of repub obstruction with SCOTUS nominee.
Does Fox give U these talking points directly or does Putin send them thru your staff? You are a liar, making excuses for an incompetent GOP
Pretty sure he has to nominate folks before Dems can say anything at all. Maybe you should mention to him how his job works?
Because, you know, he's new at this.
Use your seniority and make some noise.
so trump says, but he lies all the time.
sen I've not know of any blocks. Trump is not giving any names.
Think he'll come out & talk to us when we storm his DC office tomorrow and demand #Medicare4All?
If the whole administration wasn't such a joke it might be easier for him
When is twitter getting a fake news button?
Fake News.  The reason there aren't any is that Trump isn't nominating any.  Must have run out of Russians.

"I am adamantly opposed to any Senate action on @POTUS' nomination of Judge Garland to the Supreme Court" -Richard Shelby
Just a couple of other words for u rump puppet Merrill Garland. Bye.
Now that is great news. Buffoon.
What nominations are actually being obstructed? How many? Can you say none? All are in the process of confirmation. Oh you meant the other..
Not just the Senate Dummicrats. All of the Senate needs to get off their rears and get something done. Nothing is getting done. GET TO WORK!
Oh boo hoo - he is also appointing people at the slowest rate ever. You are so disingenuous.
Hopefully by then a lots of the old crooks will be on out of house n senate . Need new blood in DC. WHo does an 80+yo rep anyway?
Good
Change the rules then!
I think you are the "Rules Man", right???
Make them pay for their obstructions!
GOP controls all three branches and still Shelby blames Dems!
Recess appointments!!!
And 70,000 to fix health care.
This is wrong! You have to respect ofc & allow it to function no matter how you feel about occupant.
Two words for you: Merrick Garland.
Good
Senate Democrats need to remember, someday the shoe might be on the other foot (though I hope not).
Should the Dems nominate people for him?  Because you have to be nominated to be confirmed. Do you think we are idiots???
Oh, and when @POTUS likes to berate people, he does it from @realDonaldTrump.  May want to tag that as well.
I don't know if Alabamians are dumb enough to fall for this, but I'd appreciate it personally if you didn't so publicly assume that we are.
Stop lying. He hasn't named nominees for most posts. You're better than this, Shelbs. Act like it.
Besides, why would ANY of us want a traitor to the US appointing anyone? Until the investigation clears Cheeto, nothing should be done.
You have the majority. I'm disappointed in you. This is misleading. And quit following @POTUS - he's a liar! Don't be like him!
MERRICK GARLAND
Your alternative facts are tiring.  And so is your lack of townhalls.
Two words for you: Merrick Garland. It's past time for you to retire, @SenShelby
You are a liar. Trump has not nominated the majority.
Thank goodness someone is looking out for our best interests, You sure aren't.
Wow, Senator, you really did sell your soul to him. Sad. #impeachtrump
Lmao no one is about your shit, Richard
Considering nominees are trumps buddies, they should. His noms are bad for the US. When did u stop caring about USA? Just lining ur pockets.
But GOP has a credibility problem. Maybe fix that first.
Well maybe he should stop nominating crooks, unqualified, and people with conflicts of interest, hmmm? 
Out of 564 key positions 370 have no nominee That is on @realDonaldTrump you Sir are promoting a lie with tour tweet
Don't they have to be appointed first to be obstructed? I'm asking since the GOP wrote the book on obstruction, figured you'd know.
YOU HAVE THE MAJORITY
 #liar #failure #25thAmendment #floundering #CrookedDonald #ResistTrump
Liar!!!!!
Simple. To the point. I like it!
Riiiiiiught. That's why POTUS has t filled hundreds of positions. Heard of Merrick Garland?
Dep Sec Defense was JUST confirmed this a.m. We can follow Senate proceedings at @SenateFloor.
Cal. #157, Patrick M. Shanahan to be Deputy Secretary of Defense. Yeas & nays ordered. The nomination was confirmed http://bit.ly/SFloor 
1. Will President use recess appointment process to staff the executive branch while waiting for confirmations?
2. Speaking of the August recess, given the Democratic obstructionism, why are Senators going home? Push through appointments.
What else would you expect them to do. Co-operate? They're hoping to win a congressional majority in both houses next yr. So stymie & stall
The @GOP nominee colluded with Russia and y'all won't set it straight. 
As the old saying goes, "Turn about is fair Merrick Garland."
You think we can't count? You're in the majority. Do something about besides cry on Twitter.
Better yet don't. Last thing anybody needs is more white-collar criminals, fascists and slum lords near the levers of power.
@SenateMajLdr If mjrldr would do his job Maybe senate would get something done.
The level of Obstruction by the democrats have never been seen in histroy
Except for that whole secession thing???
Hello! Do you have a clue
Absolutely! How did the South feel when none of them voted for Lincoln and he got elected? Do you have a clue on how to spell history?
Luckily, President Bone Spurs doesn't have that much time to wreck America.
The Constitution set up an adversarial process to protect the rights of Americans. This libertarian is glad they're obscting. @GOP disgrace.
Not sure you understand what "advice and consent of the Senate" means.
