Why not call out everyone responsible? Both sides are horrible. Both need to be condemned.
Everyone responsible? One side was there to promote hate, the other was protesting said hate. They are not equivalent, not even close.
Both sides are responsible for the violence.
Perhaps, though that is debatable. Regardless, that's not what this statement is about. This is about condemning a hate group, even if 1/
Its not debatable its fact. I seen it.
No, it's debatable. Specifically, what portion were aggressors vs self-defense? The video evidence points more at the Nazis.
You don't show up with helmets and baseball bats, and be self defense.
Neither do you show up with body armor and semiautomatic weapons, yet those people claimed peaceful self-defense.
Neither do the violent Marxists of antifa.
The violent supporters of any movement contradict our values. The difference here is that "antifa" is not ideologically abhorrent.
Their ideology is Marxism.  That is abhorrent just as the nazis.
Not even close. Marxism is a socio-economic philosophy. Nazis (and in particular, neo-Nazis) are a racially-charged hate group. 1/
One wants to change the distribution of power and wealth in society, they other wants to oppress or kill anyone not like them. 2/fin
Marxism killed almost 100 million people.
Citation?
https://www.fas.harvard.edu/~hpcws/asreview.htm …
umm they had a permit and were peaceful until they were attacked by left wing terrorist! Get your head out of your ass!
No, no, no, NO!!!!!  A VICTIM HAS DIED!  And  the Murderer was targetting the anti-racism components of the crowd.
wrong @GovernorVA and mayor ordered LEO to stand down letting the left attack a peaceful rally causing a death when the driver was attacked
Go defend the Murderer and justify his wrongful killing. Go ahead and rationalize that it was not his fault and that his hatred is innocent.
go listen to cnn some more blind sheep
Undoubtedly SOMEBODY has told you to stick your finger in your ears if you hear CNN.  I wonder WHO has told you that !  To shun all of CNN !
BLAME THE DAMNED GROUP THAT HAD NO NO NO PERMIT,  NOT ON THOSE WHO OBSERVED THE RULES.  I AM A WHITE AMERICAN,  SON OF THE SOUTH IN KENTUCKY
Condemn the president. Until you oppose him in all he does, you tacitly support white supremacists.
All you people Offend me, but I am not black or gay so I don't count
Neither does @realDonaldTrump It is time for him to go.
It is time for y'all to go
You know @SenShelby will stick  with his #RacistOldManBigotry. Same with @realDonaldTrump #OldRacistsNeverChange #NoTrumpNoKKKNoRacistUSA
Unfortunately there is nobody from either party willing to extend an olive branch.  Dems are throwing tantrum because they lost.  Not good
Feel more like a Who from Who Ville calling out to Horton!
Then why've you supported this racist administration, stayed quiet as racist groups supported your party, supported racist voter suppression
Why is it if you are white you are racist?
That's what took days to come up with? Seriously, where were you?
I am Southern white and deplorable and I am proud of it.
Easy way out with this tweet!  Is this tweet a blanket statement the Republicans received?  Do something with the President! #Impeach
Walk carefully. You could lose your seat next election
Not sure how you're OK with the idea of the GOP being the party of Nazis. You need to #impeachTrump NOW!!
We are not the party of the Nazis. Liberal democrats are
Great.

Are you still on board with Trump?
I am
@realDonaldTrump doesn't represent our values. You need to move to #ImpeachTrump This has gotten beyond ridiculous and he needs to go NOW!
He represents my Southern Values
I guess that would actually be your lack of values.
Do your part to help end this racist administration and #ImpeachTrump now. Thank you.
Time to call out Donald Trump.  He has to call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.
Yes and there were black lives matter and queers in Charlottesville. Trump called out ALL groups.
Nice start, but why don't you call out the President as well?
Why isn't anyone saying anything about ANTIFA?
so do you denounce @realDonaldTrump and the hatred & racism he has helped to foment?
God help us with people like you running around without a clue
Blame
When will you ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING TO STOP HIM?  #25thAmmendmentNow #ImpeachDonaldTrump #FireBannonMillerGorka #25thAmendment #ImpeachNow
Never would be a good answer
When will you repudiate Trump publicly? When will you understand that country comes before party?
Your silence equals complicity.
What a tool. Just wake up? 
#GOPIDIOTS
Same to you . Just wake up
Look in the mirror, senator.  You Congressional cowards stay in the corner and whimper when anarchists, BLM, left terrorists attack. #MAGA
Disillusional tweet !
Neither does the destructive behavior of young people, university professors, news media...
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO CONDEMN WHITE AMERICANS WHO ARE RATHER FED UP WITH LESS- THAN- CONSERVATIVE LUMPS LIKE YOU.  YOU ARE PURELY AWFUL,  BAD
And neither does the blm and the antifa groups either how calling them out for who they are too.
What they are is a direct reaction to systematic injustice. This group is a hate group built on fear and intimidation. No equivalency.
Unless you publicly tell @realDonaldTrump where you stand your words are hollow.
What about ANTIFA or BLM  events? They are all equally DESPICABLE but you only condemn one Why? You are weak and a puppet of establishment
SHELBY IS TRUMPS BIG SUPPORTER & does what Trump orders.  He doesn't say anything about Trump's racist comments and will defend Trump
I want to hear you call for the resignation of Democratic Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal for treason
Amen.
Why is it so hard to put national security ahead of party? #impeachment of Trump is a must and now!!! Our future depends on it.
Stuff it stupid
And neither does @POTUS!! If u believe what u say, u will walk the walk & take steps to impeach! Be on the right side of history
We Southerners have a right to our History. Y'all still have MLK WHAT IF HE OFFENDS PEOPLE,
This is an excuse to Abolish the 1st Amendment so the Government can decide what free speech is! What morons!!!
No, they have the right to march and assemble. We also have the right to condemn and protest them at every turn. This is about ideology.
Now tell @realDonaldTrump that Bannon, Miller et al have to go #Charolettesville
So you oppose the @realDonaldTrump support of the white supremacists but what about the Nazis? Are you ok with that?
Are you ok with BLM AND QUEERS
I guess you got my fax
.@SenShelby making sure you got my fax demanding that you clearly & pointedly, condemn white supremacy and Trump's presser words 
now be sure to tell DJT directly.
so you are okay with the violence of AN TIFA and other left groups? How liberal of you.

Our @CBS6 photojournalist assaulted in the head while shooting protests in Richmond. In the hospital getting stitches. Stop the VIOLENCE! 
Black? Dana wants to keep her view of the "surface" as the KKK wants, but avoid looking at the root problem of a culture of racism/hatred
She wants to direct the convo to fit her desired narrative rather than doing any self-reflecting.
Do you support @realDonaldTrump in what he said in his press conference yesterday?
condemn all hate? He should. The Left attacked a CBS reporter for filming their violence. Blind ppl

Our @CBS6 photojournalist assaulted in the head while shooting protests in Richmond. In the hospital getting stitches. Stop the VIOLENCE! 
You are right, but I have not heard you speak out about BLM & how they walked the streets saying pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon.SILENT
No equivalency. White supremacists embody a hate movement, Black Lives Matter embody a civil rights movement with legit grievances.
Exactly.  Demanding Justice and Equality in behalf of an oppressed discriminated minority is not a hate movement.
Seriously? After this many days this is your statement? There are multiple white supremacist hate groups in Alabama. It is us. Do more.
27 in Alabama (known about).
This was the left
Our @CBS6 photojournalist assaulted in the head while shooting protests in Richmond. In the hospital getting stitches. Stop the VIOLENCE! 
MY PERSONAL VALUES ARE THAT THIS IS A WHITE NATION, NOT BROWN OR BLACK OR RED OR YELLOW. WHAT SEX AND COLOR DO YOU THINK THE FOUNDERS WERE ?
#IMPEACH
Finally something I agree with you on.
Crawl back under your rock snake. You slither out to grab a headline then disappear again. #SupportTrump
Impeach please!
It's time to #impeach
If you truly believe these words, you will #ImpeachTrump or #25thAmendment.
So WHEN is DC going to stop CONDEMNING them and DO SOMETHING to STOP them????? Domestic enemies!!! Is that hard to figure out!
And what the  is this! http://workers.org  Why are these groups not listed as dom enemies so the law (what a joke) can take them out?
Hopefully if you don't, your constituents will vote you out of office and against you in any future elections!
Why are you not also speaking out about the ones who showed up uninvited and started the problems and those who are behind them?
But according to YOUR president they do represent his values. Time to #IMPEACHTRUMP or #25thAmendment
Why wait for the next outrageous event? #impeachtrump #25thAmendment
Donald Trump does not represent you, me or most anyone beside White Supremacists. PLEASE do the right thing and remove him from office NOW!
#ImpeachTrump
IMPEACH the menace in the Oval - NOW. #InvokeThe25th
Impeachment or 25th amendment. We the people will take either. Thank you.
How about we get this traitor out of the white house. How much longer are you going to let twittler destroy our country?
Please urge the House to file articles of impeachment and push for 25th amendment unless you want to continue to support a Nazi sympathizer.
Who drew first blood? That is the question no one is asking. Just accusing one group, it took two groups to fight. Who sent the second in?
And yet not a peep from you to our despicable "President". Shame on you!
Congress must #CensurePOTUS
Thanks for speaking out on God's truth.
I never heard God tell anyone to run a woman down like an animal in the street.
You live in Alabama, you have allowed racism to go unchecked in our state for DECADES. I don't believe your lies.
Annnnd you ought to know
What about the ANTIFA groups. It looks to me that they show up at rallies looking for a fight. Hate is hate, no matter what side you are on!
LOVK THEM UP! That's not being a wise cracker! Racism is a mental Disorder!!
What about the president who said he supports them.  Is that despicable,too?  If not, you are a hypocrite
What would you like to say about our President's responses?
Please add in that the memorials to white supremacy & slavery throughout Alabama do not represent American values! Thank U for countering DT
Give me ur definition of "white supremacy".
You been in a hole?  This should have been a Saturday or Sunday tweet. Did you have to make sure people hate nazis first?
Finally, Richard!
Hmmm the Gov of the State of Alabama signed a bill protecting the Confederate statutes what have you said or done? @SenShelby
We will not forget Nazi sympathizers and Confederate separatist.  
You took an oath on the American Constitution.
Foreign and DOMESTIC.
You get one chance to make a first impression against the KKK and like.
 Censure Donald Trump in Congress, that this weakness will not stand

Our @CBS6 photojournalist assaulted in the head while shooting protests in Richmond. In the hospital getting stitches. Stop the VIOLENCE! 
it was BOTH SIDES and if you can't take a stand maybe we need a new senator who can
TAKE A STAND AGAINST THE PRESIDENT. You must DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump support of Racism! The voters are waiting!
Senator, it took you four days to make this statement. Forgive me if I question your sincerity on the matter.
Too little too late.
You took your sweet time to say it...but ok...now, will you call @realDonaldTrump to task for his support of white supremacists?
Three days late, glad to see you've got your finger on the pulse
Boy, you're slow...you couldn't decide if coming out against nazis was good or bad for your polling, huh?
Impeach now! For the good of the American people and your own legacy.
Your endorsement of Strange Luther didn't work. Now this? Too little, too late!  Tell it to the boy-in-chief. We already know this.
Then please publicly tell the President that.
Right?! He's just stating facts. He's not condemning the actions, though.
Thank you

Why don't you call YOUR president out by name..shameful AmeriKKKa
Thank you senator. I hope you will tell @realDonaldTrump directly. He needs to hear from you and the rest of the @GOP #DisarmHate
start with the left
Sometimes, it's time to just be quiet, Senator. What is your political agenda for this statement?
This is WAY too late and you need to call out the tweeter in chief for his defense of the indefensible.
He called out both sides.
Didn't see yalls outpouring of concerning when leftist nut case shot up reps
When did you start putting conditions on free speech? scary coming from you. I don't give a damn who the group is or what they stand for
It's about time
Finally.  But how about calling out the racist man (men) in the WH?
Great, now how about you call out our Nazi sympathizing president by name???
I rate this statement as "true".
