part of being an adult is admitting you made a mistake. It was a mistake to promise to repeal the ACA w/o a plan. Grow up.
The regulations of ACA are hurting ALL #Americans, driving up costs. The MC expansion is doing the same to our pockets via tax $$s. REPEAL!
You don't give a crap about process or healthcare. You hate & are jealous of a Black President who is a lot smarter than you. Period.
It isn't failing, you jackhole.  You and the rest of the GOP are failing us by trying to make things harder on the poor and sick.
Damit just repeal
#ACA|#Obamacare WORKS. If listening 2 the people, perhaps U consider overall tally of voters wanting 2 KEEP #ACA #TrumpWealthCare #TrumpFail
@SenShelby only listens 2 his lobbyist overlords & Crazy McConnell. He is not an independent thinker.Or any thinker. Just another GOP sheep.
Baaahhhh...  Time 4 SHEERING!

#GOPTraitors #TrumpRussia #Treason #Incarceration #LockHimUp

#Resist #Resistance #ImpeachTrumpNow #SaveACA
Yes. Throwing 22 million off healthcare is really vital. It's exactly what Jesus would do. #FakeChristian
So glad your ill written bills failed!! Stand up and truly make healthcare better! Reform the ACA or move to single payer!
I had respect for you but you lost it all by promoting a clown show on healthcare that put millions of lives at risk. Shame
Sn. Shelby, I've left you a vm, but reaching out again-as an accountant @ a rural hospital in AL, I urge you to fix this bill, not repeal./1
Cutting MCD funding causes rural hospitals to close-in my area, sev. 100 jobs. These are your constituents. Only to give tax cuts to 1%.
New to Alabama. Proud to have been a supporter  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen for many yrs.  NO quick vote to appease the Donald. Make ACA work 4 all!
Repeal. Don't replace. No Nanny State healthcare lest we have #CharlieGard
And your alternative is what exactly?
The way it was before, when healthcare was affordable to those who work.
And those who can't work?  The elderly?
We already have Medicare.
You have spent days fighting for Sessions & not one minute fighting for us. We're about to watch you decimate healthcare & we won't forget.
Who is this promise for?! We are telling you Do Not Repeal ACA! We are fed up with this promise to the 1-2%!
Thank You Senator Shelby! The State of Alabama is behind you!
NOT vital to cut healthcare from millions of Americans. Shame on you for silencing democracy. How can you sleep at night? @IndivisibleBHM
No it's not vital, I want the same coverage as you!
how about don't because no one wants this? Check a poll. How much $$ from pharma? Man, I can't wait to vote you out of office.
Is it vital to remove healthcare from 22 Million Americans?
How much did Senators Shelby and Strange get from health care providers? 

$895,000
They're both bought & paid. McConnell says, "Jump!" Shelby says, "Yes sir! How high?"
.@SenShelby Shame on you.  #NoRepeal #KeepKidsCovered Or you will #MakeAmericaSickAgain Jobs lost, hospitals closing,people dying.
Obama promised to give Americans a healthcare bill. gop wants to kill it at financial & human harm, facts. Racism? Please explain otherwise
So are we calling it the Freedom Bill now because @realDonaldTrump @GOP & @SenateGOP want to be free of anyone old, sick, disabled or poor?
It's the #MakeAmericaFreeToDie bill. And, @SenShelby will have blood on his hands.
Then why did repeal just get voted down! I'm sick of republican senators! No backbone, no balls!
When you know 400K+ Alabamians will be affected? Some representative WE THE PEOPLE have !
because of your yes vote. I hope that we the Ala people stand tall and vote you and all the present sens/reps/congs out.
repeal it replace later
Please don't even think about voting for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans!
I bet we would save a lot of money if we didn't pay for your healthcare. #SaveACA
You should be ashamed.
I urge you to work w/ your colleagues & model bipartisanship. Please pay attention to the medical evidence & experts. This voter is watching
NO! Stop the party line crap. Do what's right by Americans, not just by Repulicans.
D why you afraid of talking to trump ? He may diminish you in public? Well you deserve it since the minute that you support him. Crook
B if you so proud of what your are doing why hidden. C Why is trump distracting with stupid tweets so that we don't talk about ACA .
Stop being selfish. A make this public let ppl who will be affect what is this abt is our tax $ that you are playing with and our health.
Why do you want to repeal it, rather than improve it?
It isn't vital, and you are seriously hurting rural hospitals, and their patients! The golden hour is real, and tractor accidents happen!
I would rather replace failing @SenShelby . You suck.
Please show me where the Constitution says government has any business getting between a citizen and his doctor.
Do NOT replace it! I want DC to butt out of my relationship with my doctor!!! Repeal it, then have a Coke and a smile.
Liar. Lying bunch of lying liars. You should be ashamed to sentence so many of your constituents to no health care. We want PROTECTIONS!
The AHC Act isn't fail. YOU are failing to make it affordable.
The only appropriate vote is no. Anything else harms the people of Alabama.
So many bags of silver to hand out today!! Here is the 30 pieces you were promised.  Job well done.  If you don't damn the poor, how can I?

President @realDonaldTrump & every @SenateGOP member need to read this 10-yr-old boy’s letter before they repeal his mom’s healthcare today. 
PLS encourage your fellow senators to return to Regular Order. It's time to do the real work of fixing #healthcare the right way! #NoRepeal
Where can we read the Bill you will debate?
At what cost SENATOR? Thousands of Alabamians losing health care. WRONG!
GOP claim ACA markets are collapsing. The "skinny" bill does nothing to stabilize markets; it's the "death spiral" bill. @TopherSpiro
Thank sir. Hopefully everything will work out. Good move
And cut insurance for millions. Bad party move.
Will be voting to remove you from office.
It takes a real gutless wonder to take away Healthcare from thousands of fellow Alabamians. Have fun at church explaining your decision.
WRONG.
Bye bye
You, Mr. Shelby are a disgrace to the State of Alabama!  I didn't vote for you and I never will.  You have set out to destroy health care.
Roby got $33,200 from Comcast in exchange for our internet privacy rights.
This is how Roby supports veterans.
Roby got $17,500 in 2016 from BCBS for voting to cut our health care.
Sen Shelby got $27,000 from Comcast in exchange for our internet privacy rights.
How many Alabamians have called asking you to repeal? How many have asked you not to? #VoteNo #alpolitics
Only vital to GOP. You have done nothing to ask the constituents. UAB, Children's,rural hospitals and AL children and economy will tank!
Liar.
We did not have health insurance until the ACA gave us cheaper options. Before ACA we could not afford health insurance.
Thank you Senator! Trusting you and other Senate GOP honor promise at day's end. #ACARepeal
Stop hurting us. Please stop. My family needs this insurance.
It's not failing and you know it you liar.
You will not be re-elected!
He doesn't care. He will retire to one of his million  $ condos and use his platinum health coverage!


with respect you bring great shame upon America today. You shame your family name for EVER! i do hope you can live with your concenious. 
You vote will not be forgotten. My family will lose health insurance. Remove @SenShelby from office!
Replace it with what, Senator?  The House bill is bad for those with pre-existing conditions.  The Senate bill is modeled after that bill.
They think we are idiots
There are NO barriers to competition. Five states allow selling across state lines. No takers because insurance is  regulated by states!

CBO: Obamacare repeal bill would raise number of uninsured by 27 million by 2020 - CNBC https://apple.news/A5aEBMs0UTuSEX9EWrzyCyg …
You have no spine. You voted with your party, not your people. Shame.
No
It is immoral to take healthcare away from tens of millions of Americans. Would Jesus do that?
It won't happen
Please work on implementing free market systems back into health care. Make them compete.
shame
Hmm..looks like your replies say it all Senator. You do not represent us. You are bought and paid for. A real coward. #SinglePayerNow
Debate is fine. Compromise is essential. Repeal w/o replace is awful. Listen to your people more than Washington. We are why you are there.
I called his office all last week and this week begging him to listen to us. Crickets
Prove you believe what you say. Give up the healthcare that we pay for you to have and sign up for whatever you support in Senate.
Absolutely!!!!
It is vital that you represent your constituents. You proved that you're unwilling to do that. Stop using a lame "promise" as the excuse.
The ins cos will make more $ by selling policies that cover little+high deductible+everything a preexisting cond. You are their employee.
The law is "failing" because you and your allies are killing it, no regard for those who need it. Nobody should ever be w/out coverage.
Then they should pay for their coverage. This government has too many parasites mooching off of it.
Thank you!  Proud to have you fighting for us.
So proud to have you stripping medicaid & Healthcare from us!!! You're DELUSIONAL MAGAGIRL!!! I hope you dont lose your job & get sick!!
She doesn't work and her kid is in prison. Free healthcare there!
Im sure she's your typical southern welfare queen!! Bet she has her rebel flag flying too!!! I know 100s of these folks!!
Thank you! The hard working people of AL appreciate your vote. No able bodied adults on free Ocare. Repeal &make premiums affordable all US
You have your finger pointed in the wrong direction. Moochers are those who buy beach condos on their tiny Senate salaries w/ A+ health care
Repeal & replace both!
Those brainiacs had several YEARS to come up with something. They failed!
What? You don't say? You and Luther? I'm shocked...I tell ya, Shocked!
Other than scoring a political victory, can you point to some tangible benefit of repealing without a replacement?
Besides affordable healthcare for the producing class?

Single payer please.
You are supposed to represent the ppl of AL. This shows how much you truly care about the ppl. I am sickened by this & U have lost my vote
@SenShelby it is more vital that you actually think of and represent your constituents. Repealing the ACA will HURT Alabamians.
Not as much as keeping it well. The law was designed to fail which is why Nancy Pelosi would not let anybody read it before it was passed.
You have just proven that you have no concern for the health and well being of everyday Alabamians.  I am ashamed to be your constituent.
As Jesus might say: Forgive him for he knows not what he has done today.
But Shelby and Strange know better. Love thy Neighbor. Yeah. These guys are not Christians.
2022 #Guilty50
I wish you would actually represent your people instead of taking advantage of us.
Why do the super rich need tax cuts while killing poor & disabled people? #GOPlyingTraitors
I only remember you wanting to repeal.
Terrible for your own constituents - all about winning at any cost
As a 1 time Democrat, you are totally  soulless! Quite the legacy taking healthcare from Millions !Dolt
Replace it with something better then, not WORSE!
Your excuse only works if it's a better replacement.
You are out of touch with your constituents because you never talk to us or listen to us. I hope that you will retire after this term.
Term limits anyone?
