Unfortunately his loyalty seems to be to perscription drug companies, and not to the people hes sworn to serve.
What godly men you are
Jeff Sessions very honest and strongest man, fighting against gang MS-13!
All Y'all are behind the wrong man
You must be feeling pretty torn trying to stand by Trumps and Sessions at the same time.  That will tear you up
A man of integrity would not lie to Congress. Hold him accountable, stop inflicting misguided drug policies, mandatory minimums
If your tool lynch did any thing wrong not a peep from you I'm sure
if Lynch broke the law she should be held accountable. She's not "my tool", she is former AG, but my guess...
your sense of right & wrong depends on color of perpetrators skin. Anyone associated w/Obama has to be bad...
despite fact that Trump & multiple members of his admin/campaign under multiple Congressional/FBI investigations.
Deep state goons 1985 under director  Webster  jews took over FBI.there is a war within the CIA jews  vs WASP'S . but you don't  know that
you are straight up unhinged.
I know more of what's going on instead of watching CNN
But is he effectively doing his job? This ain't about feels. POTUS clearly calling him out for being ineffective.
Jeff Sessions is a fucking racist and belongs nowhere near the justice department. Period.
I am stunned at how Trump made the bigots spout their beliefs out loud. At least we know their true nature? Not Godly at all
: Like hell is he is!  And why is it that the only time the GOP stands up 4 ANYONE is when it's another Republican???  Shame on U.
you accidentally forgot "for a vile racist who perjured himself multiple times and should be in a Fed. prison." #trumpRussia
U must be insane. Sessions LIED to Congress several times, U fool.  U call that integrity & extraordinary character?  Says a lot about u
We're you get this fake news central CNN?
Ok, easy there Tonto, we don't need to go overboard w/ the support. Sessions is none of those things, but still terrible what DJT is doing.
THIS IS Trump's true nature
Your state needs to hold you accountable for these words, Senator. AG Sessions LIED in his Senate confirmation hearing. He is a LIAR!
Part of the swamp.
You wouldn't know integrity if it bit you in the ass, came around front, bit you in the face said, "Hi, I'm Integrity".
Yeah, that is why he will not fire Rosenstein and investigate/prosecute Clintons, Obama and the rest. Do your damn job, Sessions!
Sessions is a liar, a racist and a bigot. All qualities espoused by the Republican/Russian party.
Rediculace  to much a boy scout to fight with rabid  dog leftist bolshivic .
Illiterate, racist and a bot?
The production of current incumbent leaders is attack the disabled and take children into foster for revenues and incentives
Bwahaha  u're a funny man
You wouldn't  know truth watching ZIO media
Jeff Sessions will do what right. Regardless of who it is.
Unfortunately  true needs to learn to fight dirty dealing with sewer rats
Sorry, supporting this @POTUS is not integrity, loyalty, or character.
he is also a racist bigot who lied during his confirmation hearings.
.@SenShelby
Integrity? No.
Loyalty? To Trump and Putin.
Extraordinary character? Yes, but in a racist, perjuring way. #trumpRUSSIA
Jeff Sessions is a man of integrity, loyalty, and extraordinary character. 2/3
His "first on the Trump Train" status shows he is lacking in all 3 of these traits.
... About cannabis has been publicly known to treat pain better than opiods. but is still portrayed by the media as a boogie man. Wonder why
Its a very dangerous thing to say people who use mj are bad people. Nazis literally did the same thing through propaganda.. Wierd when truth
so you're a racist too
Which gets you nowhere when @realDonaldTrump  is in WH.
But not a good fighter
@RepMarthaRoby
This is the first time I have agreed with you since you died, which is halfway into your term as an 80+ year old senator. Why run again?
Integrity defined means being honest of strong moral character which is the exact opposite of Jeff Sessions
Sessions has proven himself to be a liar, is a certified racist whose main goal is to lock away as many black people
Wrong, Sessions is advancing racist, fascist policies. Unless you think that is what lends him integrity & character?
If he is so dam smart why are they investigating his president.
You can take off those rose-colored glasses anytime now. Give me a break!
Except when he lies to Congress (that would be you, Senator) about his Russia contacts during the campaign.
Face news how stupid can you get
Unfortunately, POTUS has zero of these characteristics.
Who really needed things up when he blindsided the President.  Good people do things you wish they wouldn't have sometimes.
What politicians don't understand, and most people for that matter, is that you can like someone and not think they're doing a good job.
Yes, he is all of those things.
But, Trum
Sorry, Yes he is all those things. But Trump is also right. He should have let Trump know he was going to recuse himself.
Jeff is to honest period.
Is this supposed to be some sort of fucking joke or something? Sessions is none of that and you know it.

The killer her self wants to kill white ppl.
And it says a lot about YOU for peddling this BS when we can all Google proof that this is flat out untrue.
Coretta Scott King might have disagreed with you here.
The black gold std
All true but he should have told Trump about his discussions with Russians & that he would recuse himself. POTUS can fire who he wants!
Then tell him to get off his ass and do his job--to many Clinton crooks running loose.
Please. He's a racist.  Stop it.
What do Obama do, or Jackson? They are the real racist.
Racist .... read your history when he was the the US attorney for this district he bankrupted the KKK and got the death penalty for one
I agree, but you still need to retire
Sessions is ineffective
Untrue
but in a very bad position surrounded by swamp people.  Trump will take care of him.
lol
A really nice guy who didn't discuss with his boss his choice to recuse himself from the Russia investigation.  No nefarious motives?
Let's look for the tweets you posted against @chuckschumer and @NancyPelosi when they called Jeff Sessions a racist
UNLESS you're ANY color but white, a woman, gay, and love nature. STOP Alabama has enough embarrassment with it's leaders.
You wouldn't  Stan for whit anything .
But he doesn't understand the Constitution.
He is that, however he choked by recusing himself, and is not investigating Hillary.  Why not?  He needs to step up.
And he lied under oath
I wish he would be more of a fighter the left is nonstop criminals
A racist, that needs to go!
Senator, I think you are mistaken. Very mistaken.
The only thing session done wrong is he can't street fight like the left.
And white!  Don't forget white!
"Lie down with dogs, you get fleas"
As long as the dogs have fleas to begin with. These dogs do.
Big orange fleas with bad hair.
Agreed. But the AG job may not be a perfect fit for him. And that does not diminish him as a person.
If @jeffsessions was a man of integrity, why would he reinstate #CivilForfeiture?
Probably the most intelligent  point made.
I hear very little outrage from the GOP leadership. Stop the nonsense go to work fixing this great country. That is what you are paid for.
With all due respects, why are these congressional hearings still going on with so much work which need to be done?
Definitely shouldn't have recused himself. Trump is destroying himself. Please stop Mr. President. We want you to #MAGA
Trump feels like he is being attacked and that doesn't sit well with him. He attacks back. I don't think Sessions should be fired but he --
Racists gotta stick together.
Counterpoint: No he isn't.

No, he isn't.
Evidently...
Jeff Sessions lied to Congress during confirmation hearings.
And a perjuring racist
You forgot "lying, perjuring, racist bigot."
Give me a break.  He's a white nationalist.
Calling Session an extraordinary character is probably fair enough in this. But in the '50s he would've been garden-variety.
He is not a man of integrity.  But, it is scary how @realDonaldTrump is trying to manipulate him into quitting because he recused himself
Not according to your leader.
Agree but isn't doing his job.. He appears to worried about what the good ole boys in the swamp think..
We all agree still needs to be replaced in current climate I love Jeff  maga
Trump want Sessions gone to get rid of Mueller. The writing is on the wall as to what republican leadership needs to do for this country
They won't. They're too feckless & spineless for any of that.
He's also a liar under oath.
Why is he MIA?
Sessions is 1) a racist 2) a liar 3) a traitor.
Honest, first to support, always stood up for our rightd.
If you believe this, we just learned a lot about your integrity and character.
AS IS MUELLER !!!!!!! A registered Republican and R appointee.  #HYPOCRITE
NOT
All true... but he made a mistake by recusing himself from anything to do with the Russia investigations... up to POTUS now.
No, he is not Senator.  He is a right wing white supremacist, a closed minded little man that wants America to live in the 1950's again.
He's the only senator who stood up to the neocons  but that doesn't  matter to a leftist
Ok, I'll agree with you on loyalty. One out of three ain't bad?
Wish you a-holes were more supportive of the Trump voters like me!  You have betrayed us over-and-over, the latest the repeal of Obamacare!
So why is he not prosecuting Hillary and obama for their crimes? We want someone who's competent not someone who's nice
Yes he is BUT if he can't investigate the Clinton/Dems/leaker/unmasking he must step down...eg 20% of USA Uranium sold to Russia.  WHAT the?
ok,where his integrity on Hillary emails,DNC server, leakes, H1B visa? One law for the little guy and another for rich and powerful?
Seriously?
I'd say that's an overstatement.
This is false. What's clearer now is that racists stick together and Trump is scared.
A blank word for no of color
He is exactly none of those things. Remember how he committed perjury in his confirmation hearing? Details... I know.
Please the most honest senator  in the Senate
Nope. Not even close. I'm sure he's pleasant  as a colleague. Doesn't mean a damn thing.
You find the time to tweet, yet your phones in Washington go unanswered. Your constituents will remember you and @SenStrange when voting
Ofelia and Colleen are bots! Do not click!
You mean an extraordinary character like in a Tim Wolfe novel or Coen brothers film right? He's a soulless racist who conspired w/ Russia!
Yall got a shit show going on.
This makes sense assuming it was proceeded by "Only someone with no morals whatsoever would say that... 1/3"
He is a polite man , too polite !
No he is not.
So, does that mean the U.S. intelligence reports of Sessions' meeting with Russians is wrong?
Huh? You must be watching a different J. Sessions than I am. Racist bigots have no integrity or character. Oh, & he committed perjury.
You want loyalty? Get a dog, rather than expecting blind loyalty from the AG of the US.
He is an inveterate racist and a perjurer.
Well let's not get carried away. He's a white supremacist so...
Is there no end to this mean, hateful speak from these liberal lunatics?
wrong.  bigly wrong.
I wouldn't say that
This is like having to support Stalin in ww2. Odious, but necessary to get rid of Trump
Jeff Sessoms = racist white supremacist confederate relic who committed perjury 4 his job. Turns out he's just not corrupt enough for #45

Oh please.
he was deemed to racist be the AG of  Alabama.  
Or the exact opposite of our president
I like Sessions the only problem he should of answer the quest during his hearing.Trump knows what he is doing he won the election b patient
In what reality?
Upside down and impossible to believe that a traitor and liar like Sessions is the only thing holding us from the firing of Mueller.
we are in a terribly dark place
Then why did he jump into bed with scum Trump? Just askin'
BUT he should not have revised himself. There really was no reason and he opened a Pandoras Box!  He should have been forthright w/President
so it shouldn't be a problem for Sessions to investigate & prosecute all criminals & avoid things like the previous AG's did.
You lost me at integrity...
Your Handel is a joke
I can already predict Trump blasting back by calling you an ex-Democrat.
