Why not just be honest? You don't want yourselves on video having to own up to what you're doing.. destroying the country for money.
Anyone as ignorant and as racist as Shelby has no place in a position of authority.
I hope you change the rules, keep press out.....I will vote for you.
For safety? The only people who aren't feeling safe are the reporters that your republican congressman threaten or physically assault.
Shame on you.Didnt you read the constitution before you were sworn into office. Obviously NOT..
You took an oath to uphold the constitution.  The WHOLE CONSTITUTION! What you did this morning violates the 1st amendment. Please resign.
Who cares about your first admendment, what about the conservative first amendment rights, you don't report on that.
There is NO "conservative 1st Amendment Rights". It's called The Constitution....it applies to ALL AMERICANS.
I can no longer in good conscious support Trump or his behavior. As a Republican I'm ready to stand up and be heard by my representatives!
This is NOT just about backroom deals on "Trumpcare." It's to shield Senators leaving Congressional hearings on Russia from ANY questions.
What part of "Congress shall make no law" do not you understand?
Coward!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
safety? This White House has arrested reporters 4 asking basic questions, physically assaulted them and now u ban them. #GOPShame
All Republican senators have lost the privilege to use the words "safe environment" in any public communication. Please amend accordingly.
coward
What are you all so scared of? If your health bill is a good one, then shine some light on it. Do you think the Am. people are this stupid?
Was a nice try til you got caught.
Sounds like you've got something to hide. Silencing of the press is the first step in a dictatorship. You serve America, not Trump.
Well the stupid Democrats did that first. The press only lies.
Even Fox News?
But you did make a change today from decades of precedent w/o consulting anyone? Produce the "existing rules". @amyklobuchar @kasie @MSNBC
Our democracy demands transparency and the right for journalists to interview public servants!
This is reprehensible senator. Locking out the press when you are passing major legislation is cowardly and unconstitutional. Fascism
Hey DickShell! hows that secret Wealthcare? going to deny US coverage! Looking Pretty MEAN..U dont show IT? Must be a Whopper, SAD!
No additional restrictions cuz you got some pushback on this fascist attempt to silence the press. Stand  down, @SenShelby
Way to backtrack your crass attempt to hide from the press & public, to pass a Republican health care bill in total secrecy. #YouAintShit
so will reporters be allowed to interview inside the capitol hallways ? or are you a chickenshit and will hide from the public ?
Afraid of free press? This isn't Moscow. You r obstructing flow of info 2 citizens. Looks like you have a lot to hide. Time to reverse rule!
So when did you decide country mattered less than personal power? What is the price of your loyalty?
This is a shady, evasive statement. Let the press do their job.
No one believes you!.  We, the American Public are all watching and listening.  We do not forget.
Senator, you simply must reverse this dangerous decision.
Are you following the example of Goebbels or is Putin setting the rules nowadays. You Alabama Senators are really something, don't know what
Shameful Trumpian attempt to suppress freedom of the press. If you can't defend your actions to a public forum, it's very easy: RESIGN.
What are the restrictions? Same restrictions GOP enjoyed during President Obamas non russian administrstion? Or tweeked a little?
Changing years of precedent in the absence of any discernible threat makes me wonder what you and your fellow Senators are hiding.
You and your Republican colleagues are hypocrites.
Senator Shelby, this is a complete non-response. If anything makes me feel unsafe, it's your lack of accountability for your actions.
You work for us and we have the right to know what you are doing?  Deals being made behind closed doors  2018 can't get here quick enough
Don't just tweet UR anger
Call
DC 202-224-5744
Birmingham 205-731-1384
Huntsville 256-772-0460
Mobil 251-694-4164
Tuscaloosa 334-223-7303
I call everyday!
Right there with U.
@SenSchumer this is unacceptable. The people, your constituents, are entitled to know what's going on. What is in that health care bill?
Why didn't you ask your stupid Democrats when they passed it first, and gave us inflated insurance rates we can't afford.
You need more access for the press, not less! You guys think you're slick! Serve the people! Not the lobbyists!
The mark of cowards who can't handle tough questions.
Get my premiums down. Get my premiums down. Get my premiums down. Get my premiums down. Get my premiums down. Get my premiums down. Get my p
Fake smiles, and you call the media fake. A corrupt Government is far worse and you prove it daily
You are another abomination. We are watching the Senate as you try to steal democracy
Shame on you richard, you are truly what's wrong with America you and all your ilk. Way to spit on the Constitution
This doesn't clarify the confusion you have caused, and leaves open the possibility that you will slither under a rock in the future...
Did you take any action that might result in changing how the free press can interact with elected officials and/or their staff?@ananavarro
Then why is nobody being allowed? What's the explanation? Why now? Trump & Reps feeling the heat too much? Disgraceful.
1st Amendment. Let reporters do their jobs. Ridiculous and scary.
This is getting ridiculous. Do you even remember who you are supposed to be representing? Hint: it's not yourself or your bank account.
We will get our freedom back when Trump is gone
I feel threatened by this GOP, we the people should not be threatened. If you pass bills that are against the majority of the people
Will you be putting protocols in place to protect reporters from that guy from Montana? Asking for a friend.
I am ashamed of you & other Senators who voted to ban media from Capitol. This is an attack on our democracy.Will vote all you GOP out #2018
What a weaselly, tortured statement. You know there's been a change in practice that runs counter to democratic norms of free speech/press!
This is word salad. What is in Trumpcare? How many will it hurt? Why ban the press?
Are you an,example of the new Dictator Trump alliance
Damn right! Cause you and your fellow GOP senators got thousands of calls stating that restrictions on the press was BS!!
Why the sudden need to block reporters access from Congress? I'm sure that you prefer to operate in secret, but the is USA not the Kremlin
For how long
What are you some kind of Nazi. The government is open to free press
What are you trying to hide?
not good enough.  Reporters WERE blocked today!   Stop the obstruction and guarantee our free access to reporting
Shame on you, Senator.
Don't just tweet UR anger
Call
DC 202-224-5744
Birmingham 205-731-1384
Huntsville 256-772-0460
Mobil 251-694-4164
Tuscaloosa 334-223-7303
As a citizen, the press is my access to a transparent government.  No excuses. No limits.  No politicizing our FREEDOM OF THE PRESS!
Pusscake
You have a seat by the grace of votes & continued constituent support. Time to investigate recalls in a lot of states.
Will press members continue to be allowed to do interviews in hallways?
SHAME ON YOU! You work for us, the American people. We demand the press has access to our Senators. This is so shady.
They only work for Trump
It's unbelievable how quickly they are dismantling everything I hold dear in our country.
Why are you hiding? What is there to hide? SHAME ON YOU.
You EVIL MONSTER
Vomit pig.
The capitol is for THE PEOPLE . You represent us! We need to know what this administration is doing. YOU  ARE CORRUPT!! This is USA not USSR
you are a monster
#sketchy
Stop hiding from the people of the United States.#unconstitutional #shameful
Why is the @GOPSenateMajority so afraid of the press? Why are they trying to so hard to keep what they do secret?
So, all those reporters saying they are no longer allowed to interview are lying?
This is wholly unAmerican and you should be ashamed. No one wants this terrible legislation, yet you insist on operating in the dark.
No hearing on AHCA, now no cameras in hall w/o permission?  This is what feels unsafe. We aren't suppose to run our gov. in darkness.
Doesn't matter. You & GOP are moving towards authoritarianism. You serve US & we demand interviews resume. Imp point
What matters is whether decades of precedent will be broken

So far we have not been told we are allowed to resume hallway interviews https://twitter.com/dylanbyers/status/874675859239559168 …
Give us Freedom
We The People DEMAND that you stop this COVER UP! We will STORM that fucking building! Keep playing with US!
There are Americans that can't read. This is how they get their news. Stop thinking about YOURSELVES. You work for US
Backtracking?
Bullshit!
Senate Republicans need to be held accountable.

Don't blame Dems. There are MANY independents and Repub voters that wont tolerate your lies
You are now on everyone's radar. You will be voted out of office.
He's from Alabama. Will never happen. Only good news is that he's 114 years old (in spite of the disastrous dye job).  Maybe won't run again
As an Alabama voter, I certainly hope you cease this monkey business.
This is a non-answer!!
So does this mean the press can still interview in hallway without prior permission?!!
Coward.
They were told differently so now its like there's a dictatorship. Why does the GOP treat us like we're in Russia? We're you guys' bosses.
You craven thugs. You'll all be removed - your greed for power is now destroying our democracy. #FreePress
You better not take any actions to restrict press freedoms, Mr. Shelby. We the People will not tolerate it.
It is important that constituents can find out what our elected officials are doing. Thank you for not changing them.
His statement is misleading... This is what matters:
What matters is whether decades of precedent will be broken

So far we have not been told we are allowed to resume hallway interviews https://twitter.com/dylanbyers/status/874675859239559168 …
#FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS #FREEPRESS
What are you hiding?
Don't want to have to answer for their #AHCA votes.
gimme a break
So I see the press coverage and none of them will complain about u #violating  #freddomofthepress
So can we get clarification on what incident prompted a review and reapplication of this rule?
His statement is misleading... This is what matters:
What matters is whether decades of precedent will be broken

So far we have not been told we are allowed to resume hallway interviews https://twitter.com/dylanbyers/status/874675859239559168 …
And here I thought we had freedom of the press in this country. Maybe not in Trump world.  "Democracy dies in Darkness".
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
Hope you go down with all other R treasonweasels
The timing was just coincidental?
That's utter bullpucky. You're cowards attempting 2 hijack 1/6th of US economy w/out accountability. The press shines light on cockroaches.
ah, the American Taliban rears its head
Thanks for remembering this is the USA not Turkey
