She bought most of these albums for Chinese swifties! Not just her, there are other buyers like her in US. Chinese swifties wanted to support first week selling in US for Taylor! We are all waiting for the shipping of these albums booked since we knew TS6 was coming.
We are looking forward to seeing Taylor has more tours in China this time!@taylorswift13 Please:)
I will be crazy if Taylor come to Guangzhou. 
Shanghai,Guangzhou or Beijing,it's OK,just need more tours in China
Yes. But I can't only choose Guangzhou.  I can't save enough money to have fun in Shanghai or Beijing. 
I know,I didn't buy anything in Chinese Blake Friday yesterday just to save money for Reputation tour
住下得了！hhhha
l'm so proud of Chinese
我亲爱的tay啊！p2是个婊子啊！！
支持菲比鱼死无全尸

The second picture  all of albums was Chinese fans buy! So please pay attention to your Chinese fans! You can't imagine how many Chinese fans you have!
I think she's ONE of your big fans!...:)
who the hell got so many wtf
She helped some Chinese fans to buy！
İ want a copy from Turkey but i cant find i am so sorry why doesnt only worldwide
taylor this album is just beautiful, magical and the sounds the echos the voices turned into sounds and beats it’s just magnificent this is the best album thank you for what you do for us   and tell joe I send my biggest hugs 
so many so good
I have so many questions. Did that girl actually buy all of those magazines??
yes，she helped many Chinese swifties to buy those magazines, most of those magazines are belong to Chinese swifties
#LatinAmericalsTheEndGame
Pic 2 girl is a liar.
How does the girl in the second pic have all those magazines? Did she buy all those? Can we be friends please
She bought most of these albums for Chinese Swifies,we are waiting for the shipping:)
Oh really? Did she pay for you too or just helping ship them?
What's her @?
Heart beat out pic wait to fine tol nat wide way to frime time today in came time spend to kay one with no Ease tome Conpect
Woah!!  i wonder who the girl with the Metal Snake on her finger is?
2nd pic is a Chinese fan and we are friends. show some love to Chinese fans
tell her that she is so amazing, i was saying hi for her!
Please taylor! Come to the Philippines

You really get a big reputation ！
Hi，I'm waiting for you in sydney！
Wow!~  I absolutely adore and thoroughly admire these dedicated and #reputation stanning #Swifties!~
The second picture. She buys more albums than you see ！She bought all reputation albums and only three left in a target store!
How many did the girl in the second picture buy!??
So many! Cuz She helped some Chinese fans to buy, including me！
Okay that second gurl needa to have a giveaway
Sorry she can't,she bought most of these albums for Chinese swifties,who booked months ago:)
Rich ass swiftie spotted

Did you just tweet #repuation and deleted or am I just drug on I Did Something Bad
Why is no one talking about that girl on the second pic? Damn, gurl. I barely afford the album. Please, let me have one of those magazines!! 
thank you so much. i’m about to cry.
IM SO HAPPY WHEN I SAW YOU I GASPED
YOU’RE SO SWEET I LOVE YOU AOD K UVH
I LOVE YOU!
Why do you always forget Brazil
Another magnificent album ! Love how you broadened your horizons with your music! I love that you are trying new things musically and it makes me so proud to be a fan 
Where is China?
OMG，，，
I’m proud of the Chinese girl


Hi Taylor swift  I like  your songs
Its penguning to look a lot like tay time, everywhere you go
I like it.
Is that a rug?
The 2nd pic is crazy!!!
VEM PRO BRASIL QUERIDA
BRAZIIIIL
Taylor I would kiss you too but you look mean.. u would probably smack me LOL
the second picture is a Chinese girl who loves Taylor so much, she buys such many target to show how much our Chinese fans love Taylor
So cute 
Wow your so beautiful
菲比鱼棒棒
#EMABiggestFanJustinBieber
Tay! Can i get this magazine in Malaysia?
@peggyessica b juga mauuuuuu 
Gained excess weight and became fat
ugh i wannaaa too
Can I have one? Huhuhu
I'm waiting for my Reputation
Just wait for me to pass the LET and to work I'll buy your albums and no one can stop me
THE SECOND PIC IM SCREAMING
wow
Really.
Taylor I love you

yo lo descargué pirata de una página brasileña, te puedo mandar mi foto?:*
Oh, my god.They're so lucky！
Omg that one girl’s snake  ring!!
Wowwww
I wish I could have it
OMG That Chinese girl bought so many magazines.
Taylor,I'm china swiftie love u, the sitting on the ground is China swiftie Chinese swiftie really love u can u go to micro-blog t see us
Taylor, Reputation is giving me a happiness overdose, I’m so in love with this record and I’m also so so so proud of you, you truly created a masterpiece #lyricsonfire  @taylorswift13 @taylornation13
Why is it not on spotify anymore? Geez!!!!
I Love You So So So Much
baby, put it on Spotify :(
I understand all your hard work, the album is a masterpiece and you deserve something back but they’re so many of us who can’t afford it :(((
#reputaylurking
豆豆菲被翻牌了！！yeah！中国粉丝力量大！
While you're #reputaylurking can you finally notice @MarieSwift1315 ?
我看到了鱼老师
OMG! the second photos, she is our Chinese fans, I'm so happy
鱼老师你火拉哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈，好想收到专辑啊
右上的菲比鱼老师我们爱你
@JohnstonXJ I suck
love from Chinese fans
K lang ako
@jannrennxcx oy she's lurking! be spotted! 
Super
the second photo is chinese fan
@phoebe_haooooo I LOVE YOU!
is my friendPhoebe!omg!
Quero logooooo no br
TAYLOR HI
Hey Taylor! We are Chinese swifties. The girl in the pic2 helps us buy these magazines and then mail them to us.Don't u wanna come to China ?
My biggest dream at the moment is that the Reputation arrives soon in stores in Brazil
The second photo is a swiftie from China.
We love u
about to cryfinally a Chinese fan was chosen! The girl in the second pic loves u so much, so do we!! Welcome to China!
I am so sad that I'm not able to buy these magazines 
I know the second girl OMG！
thx Taylor waiting for you to visit China again
my target is in the picture too thx Taylor
第二张她是帮中国粉丝购买的
That girl form 2nd pic was rich. She can literally buy a VIP ticktet for Rep tour
the girl in second picture can give me one of those magazines #EMABiggestFansTaylorSwift #reputation
En Mexico pa cuando????
That girl helped us to buy these! Chinese swifties really want to support first week selling in US! We love you so much!
Wait for my selfie like this @taylorswift13 @taylornation13
picture 2is a Chinese swiftie and she bought these for Chinese fans
me dá um desgramada
I love It Taylor!
Taylor i love u so much Plz notice me
