Still can’t buy it in Germany wtf actually
Ich hab es vorbestellt und bin gerade um halb 6 aufgesprungen, um es zu hören und kann es auch nicht hören. Da steht auf einmal 12.11.
Ja genau
Hast du es jetzt? Bei mir werden jetzt Titel und Hörproben angezeigt und dass ich es gekauft habe, aber das ganze Album kann ich immer noch nicht hören...
Jetzt is es@l Mine

Lo compraste?
Me sorprendió, tenia miedo. Veia flojos los singles, había cortado los menos cool
Ósea es recomendable, en Spotify no está cosa que me parece injusto, creo que los que pagamos si merecemos tenerlo disponible pero bueno tal vez lo compre en iTunes
Y si, pero se lo perdonamos! Es muy recomendable. Lo q lanzó es poco representativo
Está contento él
So very, casi como con el 50,8 de Lilita
JUST BOUGHT iT omggg
 Ohh look what you made me do!  #Reputation
Finally.  So long, playlist rut.  Cannnnnnot wait to eat this #reputation up.  Way to kick ass, @taylorswift13
I’m in tears as I read the good reviews. I wanted so bad for #Reputation to be a success and here it is. Here we are. Congratulations! 
So proud!!! It’s so beautiful!!
omg
not even five songs in and i'm already in love, ur the best!!!
It’s not on Apple Music and iTunes says 12 November how can I listen in the UK?
#reputation is a masterpiece. SO PROUD!!
Congrats on the Universal Acclaim! (many more reviews to come....)
To my knowledge, I have never heard Taylor Swift sing.
Why?! She’s incredible
Wasn't a conscious thing, just sort of worked out that way.
@lucas_manke
ALREADY LISTENING AND ITS POPPING 
Ed in End Game>>>>>>>>>>
Yes yes yes
I'm actually quite impressed. she did good
Every single banner on iTunes is Taylor Swift right now, I love it. #reputation
BTW era teas
WTF. Have been waiting all my life for this and u don’t even release on Spotify ??? From one Taylor to another this is absolutely unforgivable
#Reputation 
#TokyoReputationReleaseParTAY 

ITS AMAZING!! I LOVE IT SO MUCH 
put it on spotify pls

Where is it on apple music where i already pay $10 a month tho.....
I don’t see it on Spotify either?
Remember when she was so against streaming services because she basically thought she wasnt getting enough money for her work? Shes doing the same thing now i guess and the only way you get it is if you pay $15 
Seriously, that’s so annoying. I’m pretty sure artists get a certain amount of money every time one of their songs is played... which would add up for the size of her fan base. Guess I’m going to target later 
Thats what im saying!! I want the album but im being spiteful because it pisses me off  no other artist does that

you may "act" like she's trash but you sure can sing ALL her songs
Dancing with our hands tied is sooooo perfect! Best song of the album (Spoiler: all the sonda are awesome) Thanks for the nice Come back Taylor
OMG THIS IS WHY WE CANT HAVE NICE THINGS THE SHADE BUT THE BOP BUT THE EVERYTHING MOM
I DIEEEDDD!!!!
Can you release your album for Apple Music already plz
apparently it’ll be on streaming services in a week
#HeyMamaDay
@HeyMamaDay  Spectacularly  Failed 
if you knew, if you understood Yeezus

all of this would be different
salak spotifye yüklesene
o zaman çok bekler herkes spotifye yüklüyo bu napıyo ya
ne paragöz çıktı bu da ya o kadar bekledik insan spotifye de yükler
Buy #reputation is awesome. The best album of the year!  @taylorswift13  Pure Gold in every track #amazing 
YOURE TELLING ME I CANT ACTUALLY LISTEN,IT SAYS NOV 12!
Loves from japan  Taylor 
@taylornation13 Why is "Complete My Album" not available?????? I'm literally 5 minutes away from calling the cops.
#reputation reached #1 on U.S. iTunes within 6 minutes of release.

LET. THAT. SINK. IN.

TAYLOR = LEGEND

@m__corazon
I’m so sad bc it’s all pop ://
 I've got a blank space but I'll get #reputation soon!!
@taylornation13
@anaelenagarcia
Gpi a tu post :'(
no me salias changa :(
It's not dropping on streaming services for a week.
Nope, not unless you buy it
I adore #reputation and I can't stop playing after 3 months. 
#TaylorSwift
Buy Evanescence's new album Synthesis!!! Quality talent!
 #reputation 
is out and my daughter has it 
One the best album ever babe 
Que arte preguiçosa amiga contrate a PITANGA pra fazer uma arte decente pra você tratar com @mombuquinha e @victrlourenco
#reputation is a perfect example of an already insanely talented artist who listened to & studied a diverse range of musical styles to inspire and uplevel her own art. @taylorswift13 so proud of you!!!! #swiftyforlife
All the support is amazing! I'm so happy for you. You are doing amazing sweetie  @taylorswift13 @taylorswift13 #Repuation #RepuationOutNow
I’m sorry the old Jacqueline can’t come to the phone right now.. Why..? Oh because she’s never going to stop listening to #reputation
Can we TALK ABOUT “ISNT IT ISNT IT” part IN DELICATE WOW
woop woop!
OMG @muringmachine it’s out nooooooowww!!!! 
Hoi kowyahkowxzst pagbaton sad ug kauwaw ni taytay @taylorswift13 kowyahkowxzst ooooy!!!
@alyssaquintos19
It’s only out in stores And iTunes  not applie music
applie
@Laskeyd_it omg!!!!
Literally just laying in bed listening to this shit. I like it so far.
Perfext@

I love you thank you for this
Due to academic obligations I have not been able to as closely as I want but in the lead as my favorite is New Years Day
No que a las 12 perra?!!!
Proud of us. We survived to the drought #reputation
I’ve waited 3 years for this
I'm trying to find it on Apple Music but it's not there
Oh well looks like I need to save my money cause it's gonna be worth it
@laurafrancesss  get it so when we hangout for our trip with Mariss you'll know the words cuz we be crankin that all weekend.
I hate Taylor Swift I am not getting it
Get apply music you doof
You’re silly.  If it’s where it was at you could listen to T-Swift because guess who has two  and can listen to her new album?    - This guy hehehe
Lol love you bye
Don't waste your money
I already did dkkdkd
I liked country Taylor so much better.
No one stays true to their roots nowadays
Damn tay! You know I hate games.
#backoff
@xojanetdarling  
i’m nervous about this because i didn’t like “look what you made me do “ lol
@horribledudette 
 so sad wa koy kwarta HAHAHHAHA
Snakes and Ladders is the only game you’re playing hun.
hahahah i was about to tag u in this but then i saw u rt it

lol no one cares
Taylor ima let you finish but we’re going to be listening to #HeyMama all day
I LOVE U SO MUCH MY LOVES.. THE QUEEN #REPUTATION IS OUT NOW. LET THE GAMES BEGIN #GORGEUS #REPUTATION2DAYS #LANDONGELVINOT1 #TAYLORSWIFT13
Happy a Great Days... Love u So Much... You're My Queen #reputation #reputation1weeks #GORGEUS #LANDONGELVINOT1 #taylorswift13 @GustBrian
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
Why is it still only available for preorder on iTunes Australia? I'm so ready to hear this!!
call iTunes and they’ll fix the issue! They fixed it for me. SPREAD THE WORD
Im literally listening to the previews of the songs from my bf phone because I left my phone at home. #Repuation
@abbieemiller
NOT ON SPOTIFY
I love u Taylor
@taylorswift13 Is it? Weird. I don’t see it on Apple Music or Spotify 
love it
#reputation   
Beautiful album. 
And we have it babe  love you  
Uhh waiting for all the songs to be put on Apple Music
you gotta wait a week lol
smart bc she’s hitting over 2 million sales on the first day without streaming lmao
It's a no from me

Well I'm back to not liking her til next week then 
 #HeyMamaDay
Putting together all the pieces of #reputation  - her poem, the essay, the cleansing of her social media persona, and of course ALL HER LYRICS got me like... @taylorswift13 you are FREAKING GENIUS!!!!!!! #swifties #dead
Jupp. Runtergeladen. Einfach so, ohne Hintergrund, nur weil die Musik klasse ist 
Läuft...
#EMABiggestFansKatyPerry
I fall in love with #reputation
#taylorswift 
This is a small tribute to you. Good Luck on your new Album. (Akanksha - India)
I literally cannot stop smiling when listening to your new album I love it so much!!!
Please help my friend. She has had a struggle and her job quit paying short term disability months ago. Selling her belongings to try and pay bill .

I already bought yesterday, and this weekend will hear quietly. And I'll tell you, it seemed to me. :).
mi niña welcome back
Taylor I'm so exicted for this album!U Taylor!
I don’t really know what to say other than thank you. For everything 
I love you！！！
So proud of you 
Another Grammy winning song
i'm ready 4 it
it’s like it feels like Christmas morning rn
HOW DO I BUY REPUTATION ON ANDROID???
#reputation is phenomenal. You are a mastermind.
I am deeply saddened that this is not on Spotify. Actually crying... Taylor WHYYYYYYYY
Huy labas mo din kaya sa spotify bes
I am so so so proud of you Taylor
Really? I don’t see it on Apple Music, which is what I use. I don’t use iTunes. Sorry I’m not rich enough for you, Taylor.

why isnt it on APPLE MUSIC!!!!!!
It isn't on Google Play yet though  what about your non Apple/Itunes fans @taylorswift13 #androidusersarereadyforittooyaknow
My Apple Music isn't playing it- I pre ordered months ago! Where is It out now?
Will you be releasing it on Vinyl?
primeiramente : parabéns pelo album
segundamente : RESPEITA O MEU TOM CARALHO

Jared ...
Let’s buy it and drive around.
I'm sure @HeidMeetsWorld will join you.
Let’s do it!
I’m ready! Also I need to see your new whip.
Can we whip it soon?
na nagkadaghan na rv kabahan other groups HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ot7
Girl I'm so happy!!!! I needed new music and now I HAVE A WHOLE ALBUM TO LISTEN TO AND MEMORIZE
Saiam de casa com colete à prova de balas hoje porque tá tendo tiroteio @naluzcamacho @Julinha9901
AHHHHH CADÊ NO SPOTIFY
@taylorswift13 so,,, when does #Reputation drop on spotify & apple music bc i do MOT have the money to pay for it rn i am a broke child PLEASE bless me with your new music

Still can’t get it on Apple Music and I’m actully having a breakdown
Should’ve preorder it to get it now. I think streaming releases Friday.
i did but its only allowin previews
This may be late. Go into your iTunes purchases and download all the songs, that’s how I made mine appear in Apple Music
Trying now thank you sm 
Sweet Taylor, hope your very happy today my freind with your cute kitty katts 
最喜欢你的end game
Still waiting for Apple Music and Spotify....
All I hear is  Reputation US sales.. I can’t even go brag about WW sales to my friends

VIADDOOO QUE ALBUM É ESSE
#Reputation  #Taylorswift
Amezing
  bravo  congrats for your New album!!!!!good luck for you tour 2018!!!!
@piratesvoyage #christmasshow
I can't wait to see the Reputation world tour. The album is literally amazing and the world tour will be the same.
Best yet @taylorswift13

thank u for one the best albums released this year

Spotify????
I have been watching you for a long time. I think I see you as if I saw honey, so smooth and so kind, I hope you can give me a chance to take care of you
I'm ridin' in a #GETAWAYCAR with the #KINGOFMYHEART, body and soul.
Give MM a  for the DnB on D.w.o.h.t. I love dnb.
Help!!!!! in a relationship scandal. wat do i do
I’ve been listening to #reputation on repeat ever since its release! On loud my ears are gonna burst! Haha! This album is insanely good!
meron ka na baby ash?@itsashleyortega
reputation may be out but it sure as hell ain’t possible for me to get because maybe I can’t pay for everything and what am I supposed to do? nothing because I can’t listen to your album because I can’t pay for it so am I supposed to stop? is that what you want? I just want music
Cute outfit
The best album ..... This album deserves every award of the world
Tlahaahoobzionmbskbskl aklmbskomnnzllnsbklm snkkbksp
hey I’m going to be gifting #reputation  (digital copy)  rules:
- follow me
- RT this 
- DM me your Apple ID 
I like kanye more than you. Im glad at kanye at the things hes done to you
Getaway Car is the Jam! #reputation
NEW YEARS DAY AND CALL IT WHAT YOU WANT...write more songs like that I love love love those
Listening to every track like... #reputation
IN CANADA ITS STILL THE 10

I'm soo proud of you tay keep up the hard work!!

Apple Music pls xox
Love it! I mean I really love it and I'm old (72)!!! Keep making your great music, sweetie!!
Put reputation on Spotify please
Tear it up babygirl...they make
it everyday...
∆∆∆∆©®™
@taylorswift13 bought both magazines at target, bought online. My son is your biggest fan. Having a jam session At my House right now.
LOVE THE SONG
I just listened to #reputation just now and I am freaking out @taylorswift13 she did more than a amazing job and that makes me really proud to be a #swiftie
You think this is a game??? 
#Reputation I CANT WAIT TO BUY IT BUT ITS NOT AVAILABLE IN PERU IF I BUY IT FROM A FOREIGN STORE THEN U'LL NEVER COME HERE
Oh God I'm CRYING OUT LOUD !!!
IT'S SUCH A SUPER DUPER MASTERPIECE, UNFORGETTABLY EXHILARATING, UPBEAT & LAID-BACK AT DA SAME TIME ! Viva #Repuation *_*
LOVE u Tay...!
I finally saw a truck on release day!
Tho not in czech republix
@callie_reaman !!!!!
The Next Time You Invite People too Your Home& Sing w You. PLEASE Contact Me!!!  I'll Sing w You!!! I Love To Sing and I'm Good!!!
who else is dead? #cantcometothephonerightnow
I'm going to bluewater with my friend to get your album I've loved u since I was 5 xxxxxxxx
lol when’s it gonna be on spotify
@feihsy listening party w you 
#kaylor
CARALHO EU ESTOU MUITO REPUTADA
Listening now!
Tay Tay, I preordered this on UK iTunes but it won’t allow me to download till November 12th. Have I missed something?
This album is fire. FIRE. 
Congratulations @taylorswift13  for only 6 minutes #Repuation is number 1 in IS iTunes congrats again
TAYTAY your on Taipei 101 todayTaiwan love you and reputation
I love u so much
Bully... twitter fingers turned to trigger fingers.
Why would you only put it on itunes:( no amazon or google play??
Is #reputation going to be available on Apple Music?
It sucks for us Android users ,the álbum hasn't yet been released
I HAVE WAITED YEARS FOR THIS!!! THANK U @taylorswift13
