Don’t get the popularity of Taylor Swift. Her voice range is non-existent. Only writes vengeful, mean girl songs. Guess I’m the only person who thinks her fame is undeserved.
Yup.  Think you're alone on this one.  Taylor is amazing.  she clearly has a large range and can transition so well between genres.  She's a legend.
YES! Congrats Taylor!
Dont stop believin' in yourself taylor (also don't stop writing these 'gorgeous' songs!!)... Keep it up..
Love that song!
Which Tswift song? You know I love her music, but really more of the country kind 
Amazing song!!!
I'm so so proud of you tay. You are truly my inspiration

Congratulation @taylorswift13 Forgive me for being late to say this
#cmaawards2017 #CMAawards
Broke my heart ever since day one. I just knew I was Hopeless , and helplessly in Love an first sight. But now times moved on and Im
Pretty sure I be alright.
Nice song . Song of the year !
Most prettiest
Ugh.... Thought she wanted out of country music...
Exactly! Then couldn't show enough respect to even be there if she one....what a sellout
I'm so proud of you, you're our legend
There are sooooo many other song that are MUCH better than “Better”. I just don’t get it!!!
Good Bless you, Good Morning America
good day
WOOOO
Creepy !!!!!!!!!
SOOOO DESERVING   
What a doll....
#EMABiggestFansTaylorSwift
I LOVE this song!

Makes no sense when did we start labeling a pop artist country? "shrugs"

so glad she is such a powerful song writer. She will be one of the greats! :-) love TS

A #GREAT song that could fit a few genres
Honey you deserve all prizes shod boos boos shod
So happy for you please do some more country soon there's no one like you doing it !!!!
holdin onto that country game
#REVIVAL
So deserved @taylorswift13 

@Cassandrasgonz
Si, la canta @littlebigtown 
She’s abandoned country. Can’t even show up

@violetle1412
U with the kkk or no? The more silent you are the more people are going to say u are with the kkk
Get it Tay Tay!

@shockparade
Whatever,boo
Congratulations! @taylorswift13
Taylor, I love all of your music, and am proud of your accomplishments! Little Big Town, was a perfect choice, to showcase your song! Don't let the haters get you down, their are many more people, like me, that think you are exceptional!! Keep music coming our way!!!!


@dgreen4016 This song is all about my friend DG. He is a better man! x
Slayyyy
Didn’t know you wrote that song - it has to be one of my all time favorites! Lots of raw emotion in that song Taylor thanks for writing and Little Big town thanks for recording!  
congratulations miss swift, enjoy your time
Woooow that's great Bae Taylor
Congrats to you, Taylor! Keep those great songs coming! Please follow as I will follow you back fan or #CMAwards
wow
Congrats on your win. Better Man is my favorite song!

@taylorswift13 winning awards while out of the spot light.. Talent
"Better Man"?
Wish I could see you in concert some day 
Lovely!  I love U @taylorswift13 & everything U do!
Congratulations on the Song of the Year! Love it 
I will say «I knew it all along“, CONGRATULATIONS!!! @taylorswift13, “better man " great great great song!!!
Can someone post Taylor’s appearance on GMA?  We do not get the 9-10am hour in my TV market!
You're the bomb Taylor Swift keep on rockin
#FakestArtistInHistory #foh


Cool! 

YAS QUEEN SLAYYYYYYYYYY! Can’t wait for #Reputation
http://youtu.be/OjpDPyOkcNE   #Mentalhealth  #YouAre Divine
Congratulations Taylor!!! You are the Best!!
no matter she deserved
Congrats @taylorswift13
a dominação começou mores
She’s really amazing.
definitely want to liaten it
Shes back 2 country?
sure, Taylor your reputation doesn't risk to wreck with this new award! it can rather smash your name and show you're still a winner and that you're right to swank about your success!  #TaylorSwift #Reputation
YASSSS OMG CONGRATULATIONS BABY.I'M SO PROUD OF YOU KKDKDKKFKF
hope she comes to our grand opening, we'll name a Kitten in her honor, a health
a health care facility under the State of NV for therapy resigtery cats, a first of its kind Café, unique
QUEEN!!!
"why they didn't credit lbt tho????" "only songwriter gets the credit for SOTY" "oh. nice. congrats to her" LMAO! YOU TRIED PEOPLE YOU TRIED
congratulations @taylorswift13 for the CMA song of the year. Better Man!
I love you TSwift
Amazing song........!!!
Congratulations @taylorswift13 @littlebigtown
you're a fabulous pop artist. keep doing that. keep being you. but "i wish you would" put out another country/country rock/ country pop album again at some point bc Speak Now, Red, Fearless, Taylor Swift are all iconic
Congratulations to @taylorswift13,you deserve it girl!

#SwiftieHere
BOW DOWN TO QUEEN TAY BITCHESS 
so hott

She wins awards even though she’s dead. Kidding. Congrats @taylorswift13 
What a heartbreaking song Thank you Taylor and Little Big Town for this amazing song.

You are so smart in everywhere even you don't sing that song,
Pretty damn good song. I can see why.
THERE IS NOTHING MORE SATISFACTORY THAN GETING THE NEWS OF TAYLOR WINNING AGAINST ALL THOSE GROUP OF ARTISTS ALONE, JUST FOR WRITING A SONG! QUEEN! 
Love this song!!!!
Gratz to you, Taylor and Little Big Town!
Hı good I dia

She really is an amazing song writer and a singer .. Congratulations @taylorswift13 for another award .. You deserve it ..
Congrats
  @taylorswift13     @taylorswift13    pass this to her for me thanks ..
Yayyyyyyy
congrats Taylor happy for u girl I am watching right now. love u big fan of you
Congrats Taylor Swift. You deserve it.
tfw she's good enough for hip hop awards but also country music awards
YAS YAS YAAAAAS
A true country and pop legend only Taylor can relate #CMAawards #EMABiggestFansTaylorSwift
Its what she deserves for writing that iconic masterpiece
Good mornig
Congrats @taylorswift13 would love to hear this live! Also Congrats @littlebigtown you did this song justice!
Awesome! Now it’s time to come back to country...even if just a couple of songs 
I am  unsurprised. Better Man is a masterpiece!
Congrats, Taylor...ur d best
Taylor.....Thank You for being YOU.......
@TaylorSwift is an outstanding singer song writer. I love this song so much. It's perfect for @LittleBigTown who I really love. #Congratulations
CONGRATS QUEEN VERY WELL DESERVED! BETTER MAN IS STILL MY FAVE COUNTRY SONG #cmaawards2017
@Taylorswift13 Bravo for writing another fantastic song 
تستاهل
CONGRATULATIONS, TAYLOR!!! 
i don’t understand why there is no credit for little big town???
in this category like in the grammys the only winner is the songwriter!
ohhh i see thank you 
Congratulations!
a legend
SEEEEEEEEEEE
She had to get it..!she's so awesome..and that song is sooo cool..!
https://www.facebook.com/NinaFabunmiFineArt/ …
Taylor is in fire
Beautiful song 
way to go!!! Love Better Man! Come back to country!
Owemji! Im super happy for you @taylorswift13
I love you taylor
Pop Artist still winning an award from country music. That's Our QUEEN  @taylorswift13
Well done!!
Taylor Swift Polls @TaylorPolls - 1h 
Replying to @GMA @taylorswift13 and
@Congratulations, Taylor!!!! You deseave This
Yesssssssssssss Taylor!!!! 
Iove you Tayor Swift Will you marry me
Congrats friend girl !
Congratulations!I love you.
is even out ?
Yes me s start REPUTATION ERA WITH A CMA 
Yay
Congrats taylor!!!! Well deserved!!!!
SaintsNation @SaintsNation7 - 1h 
Replying to @GMA @taylorswift13 and
My girl don't even have show up to win 
award. 
OH. YAS. 
Congrats @taylorswift13 @CountryMusic @GMA
Taylor Swift Polls @TaylorSPolls 
Repying to @GMA @taylorswift13 and 
@CountryMusic 
Congratulations, Taylor!!!!! 
Love what LBT did with this song. 
Sing a version of this!!!
Tayer Swift retweeted 

Good Morning America 
@GMA 

CMA Awards Song of the Year:
"Better Man" - @taylorswift13

CMA Awards Song of the Year: 
"Better Man - @taylorswift13 

@CountryMusic 
#cmaawards2017 
#CMAawards 
congrats tay 
Congrats, Mommy! ㅎ
@eyAlieeee Our song won!
I didn't realize she wrote it. I'm glad she didn't sing it.  Not a big fan of her voice.  Great song!
Congrat @taylorswift13 !!!!! #countryroots

This is how it's done!
Congratulations ms @taylorswift13 i love you!! 
Congrats @taylorswift13  !!!
ONLY YOU would win a CMA before dropping a dope pop album TWO DAYS LATER. #1 STAN FOR THIS QUEEN!
Slaying!!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations taylor you deserve this and more
CONGRATULATIONS TAYLOR SONG WRITING GENIUS
My queen 
All congratulations on Little Big Town.
