[#BacktotheFutureTayRaienLove]W
"when i look into your eyes"... TayRaienLove
your True LOVE#delicate
@dr_knght (J)""Relle RAIEN|| LEGEND "i can see it now" :) W
thanks for making me smile:) D®: ONE

https://www.instagram.com/p/BbgFWVonDGv/?taken-by=taylorswift …
@taylorswift13 @dr_knght Jorelle Raien || Mine lyrics... "sitting there by the water. I can see it now" :) W https://twitter.com/taylorswift13/status/673374889617711104 …

#cool #playslist
My daughter would love to meet you! She’s going to see you for the 3rd time this July at Met stadium!
Music will come True for No Whisk than Her
your songs insiper me a lot

Where do I go for approval of song words?
Your so gorgeous!!!!  @taylorswift13

@whyjammm
だいすきーー(^^)
OMG HALSEY
Yikes! Sorry not my language!
https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=3Q2a5s3uG24 …
Tonight I'm gonnaaaa DANCE (like you were in this room)
Title?
https://twitter.com/taylorswift13?s=17 …

My nephew rendition of your song.   He love you. Young talent undiscovered. Hope you like it.
Omg I cant EVEN....
Taylor can you come to Germany??? Im from Croatia and I think Germany will be the closest country to Croatia and Im ready to go as far as I can to see you preforme
yes that would be awsome i am for Croatia too
Thank you for introducing other artists and their music. Iloveyou Queen. 
I miss you so much. You're alive and well so yeah i'm contented for that 
I miss you
Sekalinya muncul malah promosiin lagu orang 
Ga ada beda sama masa hiatus  kayanya doi udh gapeduli sama chart
Mau ada yg beli lagunya syukur, kalo gak ada juga gpp. Horang kayah mah bebas saja sudah kebanyakan duid.
Tapi sedih nya jd kurang hype gtu lho. Kalah sama ed sih skrg. Lagu doi berasa overplayed dimana2. Aplg yg perfect 
Cuma heboh pas rilis LWYMMD aja  lagian gaya gayaan the old taylor is dead sih... *gak nyambung*
Both old and new taylor are dead soalnya ga muncul2 
Amiee white Dalene
I find similarity between @taylorswift13 @Verite and @hernameisbanks
Like*
I lie them too
what are you love song?
Please share..

#LANCO
or they are just copying you, totally. hahahahaha
Thank you thank you.hehe, I see your songs in some of these, hehe. U r #1 talented n hard working/work ethic all that all that all that to me. 
That is a good song
You love Calvin harris @taylorswift13
"Say Something" -JT
I love this song!!! Omg...
Lol
I LOVE THEM
























All of my art




https://www.bluestacks.com/download.html 
25 Essential Best Android Apps For Android In 2018 https://www.technoverts.com/best-android-apps/ … via @John @TechnovertsJohn

Ok
Hey-can you help this mom for ur show in toronto -for my 8yr daughter who loves u
@taylorswift13
The 5 Best Running Shoes of the Year
If you have real joy and peace from Jesus you can mess up a thought or two on accident and no one around you will hardly notice in the atmosphere which is really nice when Jesus fights your battles like that
In that verse our inner joy and peace from repentance is 'one stronger than he' reference
The good fight is a lot of it might have to do with resisting temptations to sin and therefore you lose your joy everytime if you sin the joy and light is our protection and the demons can't overpower Jesus who is the light
We aren't enough without joy and peace to battle demons we don't have any techniques to take on the evil forces without Jesus and it's really exhausting trying the only way to win is to close the doors to sin and get filled with the Holy Spirit and that's the Kingdom of God
Lol which is not good
Once you sin again then the demons can now come through that sin into your body
The demons are the strong man demonic negative energy and after you stop every single and wait a few hours you get a powerful joy and peace which is from Jesus and your joy and peace overflow from within and kick all the demons out and fight all your battles
21 When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace:

22 But when a stronger than he shall come upon him, and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted, and divideth his spoils.

Luke 11:21-22 KJV
Check out this scripture and think of the strong man as Satan or some lower level demon and the 'stronger than he' part as your joy that comes from the Holy Spirit after you repented
If you have repented of all of your sins and you are overflowing with joy and peace then then your joy and peace are from the Holy Spirit and your joy fights all of your spiritual battles and casts out any demons anyways from what I understand
I thought that was interesting how you can get a demon's name, then ask how they got in and you can ask them what changes to your lifestyle or habits that you have to do to make them leave
And the other has to do with asking any of your demons for their names and asking your demons how they got access to your body and asking them how to make them go away? And they'll tell you all that information and more so you know how to close any doors to demons
I have some new ideas about the Bible that I want to tell you later one is about saying you "rebuke" a sickness or some evil in Jesus name and how well that works
It's really difficult to count 11 exclamation points
Lol that really explains a lot! how are Reputation rehearsals!? Yay!!!!!!!!!!! *Squints counting 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11? I have no idea what 11 exclamation marks means
I can't believe I didn't spell that right that explains why the  kiwi emoji wasn't showing up anymore
I have a  for second breakfast
For lunch I might have a cup of corn for my vegetables
3 cups of vegetables one cup per meal, then 1 piece of fruit for each of three snacks would be 6 servings per day
A 1/2 cup to 1 cup is a serving of vegetables or fruit and we need 4 to 7 servings of fruits and vegetables per day
I measured a cup of sweet peas for breakfast this morning
This might be a good idea how about measuring one cup of vegetables for 3 meals breakfast, lunch and dinner then eating a piece of fruit for each of the 3 snack times?
I was wondering if it was a good idea to measure 6 cups of vegetables to eat during 6 meals a day breakfast, snack, lunch, snack, dinner and snack
Ask Our Dietitian: How Many Fruits and Vegetables Should I Eat a Day?
Have you ever heard of a OnePlus phone?
I wonder what a OnePlus phone is like you know? lol
This phone is way nicer than my other one but it's still one of the least expensive ones it's a super cheap phone but it works much better than the other one
It makes me wonder what other kind of phones are out there
My new phone works so much better than the last one
7 Perfect Survival Foods


The No Cow Bar - Lemon Meringue Pie http://www.gnc.com/2xbars/517324.html?dwopt_517324_ogSubscriptionType=0 …
Vegan protein powder
At large Nutrition: NITREAN Chocolate Fudge At Large Nutrition https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0773985G6/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdb_t1_x_EfSRAb9EEHDAP … via @amazon
Maxx Recovery™ - Fruit Punch http://www.gnc.com/recovery-formulas/289647.html?dwopt_289647_ogSubscriptionType=0 …
Food logs/journals
I try to take Saturday completely off I didn't workout or do anything yesterday
Plus make sure that you stay in contact with the audio visual people you don't have to do all of that today it's Sunday and you should try to schedule one day off each week and 7-8 hours of sleep per night plus exercise 3 times a week or more
I'm about to get in a workout
Repentance is way more important than my art in my opinion
I'm sure that's a lot of work! My most important work would probably be getting to my art and making sure I'm repentant of my sins all day and night every day and hour and then getting to my art drug free
Do you have your set list ready? Does Camilla Cabello and Charlie XCX know what they're doing are you staying in communication with them about how they're coming along on they're opening acts?
I like some of the less popular songs on the Reputation album as well as the singles
How are the Reputation Stadium Tour rehearsals going? Can you sing all of your songs? And do you and your dancers have all the dance moves down?


Marianas Trench and Charli XCX! 
I left yesterday in the meadow of the kind
The brown-haired maid of sweetest kiss,
Her eye like a star, her cheek like a rose,
Her kiss has the taste of pears.

Shaw
This oran sidhe or faery song describes the beauty of a faery woman:

I left in the doorway of the bower
My jewel, the dusky, brown, white-skinned,
Her eye like a star, her lip like a berry,
Her voice like a stringed instrument.
Faery lovers of both sexes who come to mortal kind are common in Celtic story. The Faery kind are not seen as diminutive sprights in Celtic tradition, but as the immortal and ancestral spirits who often have communion and conference with human kind.
The three most beautiful things in the world: a full-rigged ship, a woman with child and the full moon.
(Shaw)
after a long reprose ...
To the place where there are flowers
and dew on the pleasant land,
Where there are singers tuning
their harmonious lays.

Ed. Skene
This preparation for the soul's journey is from the Black Book of Caermathan:

Let us not reproach one another, 
but rather mutually save ourselves.
Certain is a meeting after separation,
The appointment of a senate,
and a certain conference,
And the rising from the grave
Three impossible mixtures until the world's doom: that ogham and pillar be blent together, that heaven and earth be blent together, that sun and moon be blent together.
Three smiles that are worse than grief: the smile of melting snow, the smile of your partner after sleeping with another, the smile of a leaping dog.
Three things that come unbidden: fear, jealousy and love.
St. Patrick is the primary is the primary patron of Ireland and of many Gaelic events. His attributes are the shamrock and the retreating snake."
visual glyph of his eradication of early Celtic beliefs. Whatever the truth of the matter, there are still no snakes in Ireland. St. Patrick's Day is celebrated world-wide among the Irish diaspora by 'the wearing of the green', usually a trefoil of shamrock.
with his seat at Armagh. The pastoral simplicity of his teaching is epitomized by his supposed use of the shamrock to explain the mystical doctrine of the Trinity: the Three Persons in One God. His frequent depiction as a bishop casting the serpents out of Ireland may be a
"St. Patrick (c. 390-461) was born in Bannavem Taburniae on the west coast of Britain and was abducted to Ireland as a slave for six years. After escaping, he became a priest and returned to missionize Ireland. Despite his incomplete education, he rose to be a bishop,
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I love u a loooooot loooooot my cuty
T2 Trainspotting (2017) - https://www.imdb.com/rg/s/1/title/tt2763304/ …
me tooo
Look what I found
If Taylor swift like my post I will be the luckiest person on Earth
Hi
I listen to your 2 Spotify playlists every time I drive and every time I work on art. THANK YOU for supporting other artists!! @taylornation13



Awwww T- Swift this is my jammmm.. But it left out my fav part
So beautiful
Give an old guy a listen? https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B_jf-vxmi-zaelR5ODNHNzItMXc …
Those are cool!!
