Do you sleep at night?
It's called domestic terrorism initiated by white supremacists who voted for @realDonaldTrump -- who use his name to defend their actions.
No words for .@realDonaldTrump who callously blamed the victims of #Charlottesville - OR since he endorsed you, no rocking the Ark?
You just accepted Racist/Bigot trumps endorsement what does that make you? #trumpracist
You ЯepubliKKKan's can't say 'White Supremacy' or Nazi cuz it may offend your base. You're despicable.

Domestic Terrorists  
You need to REJECT @RealDonaldTrumps endorsement @SenatorStrange.  Failing to do so  means you accept and endorse his neo-Nazi sympathies!
@SenatorStrange I am a Targeted Individual!
greeting from resistance... #WePersist #BERNIE2020
Supporting racists makes you a racists. @GOP vote HELL NO to republicans ACROSS THE BOARD... #WePersist #BERNIE2020

Introducing a Censure Resolution against @realDonaldTrump for #Charlottesville comments, w/ @RepBonnie @RepJayapal https://nadler.house.gov/press-release/reps-nadler-watson-coleman-and-jayapal-announce-censure-resolution-against-president … 
I do not support this ALT-right movement at all. You do and that is all.
Congress must #CensurePOTUS
Do you stand with Presidents remarks on #Charlottesville?
What is your excuse for not condemning white supremacists? As a leader in ALABAMA? #alpolitics #ALSEN
Oh right, you need their votes today. Seems like an...interesting plan. #ALSEN #alpolitics @lutherstrange
When will you renounce Donald trump for his support of nazism? Do you appreciate the support of nazis?

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Senator Strange, Are you comfortable with Trump endorsing you? He is a sinking ship, your a fool to climb aboard! People will remember!
Of course you won't condemn it by name your running for republican Alabama senator. What's more neo nazi then that.
We all condemn hate. #DoSomethingGOP
Supporting racists makes you a racists. @GOP vote HELL NO to republicans ACROSS THE BOARD... #WePersist #BERNIE2020
Supporting racists makes you a racists. @GOP vote HELL NO to republicans ACROSS THE BOARD... #WePersist #BERNIE2020
Supporting racists makes you a racists. @GOP vote HELL NO to republicans ACROSS THE BOARD... #WePersist #BERNIE2020
weak and insecure men incite fear in others, really weak men remain silent. real men defend those who are threatened, taking a strong stand

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Your silence makes you complicit.
Say NO #RefugeeBan


Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
The voters are waiting for you to take a stronger stand!! You must DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump support of Racism!
Are u happy about Trumps endorsement?  Do u get to keep your "base" now?
How proud are you of @realDonaldTrump now? Spineless brown-noser. #Charlottesville #Unhinged
He's the reason I voted for you yesterday. Stand up and defend him & you might have a chance in the run-off.
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall & Crime!
DO NOT VOTE FOR LUTHER STRANGE!!! @POTUS @GOP @cnnbrk
i gaither u another kiss up to soros, clinton, obama- i dont trust you-hell is hot & soros started the shit in VA  cover up mcauliffs crimes
remember Lucifer Strange voted to take our healthcare away...send the man and others like him a message by voting for someone else
,,.
https://www.sathyasai.org/default.htm 
Still nothing big Luther? Won't call it Terrorism? White Supremacy? Nazi? Keep note #ALSen
The only way I would vote for you is if you'd appeared in "Trading Places". #senatoralfraken
Say the words, Senator .... "white supremacy, white nationalism, the KKK, Neo-Nazi's, the alt-right." Condemn them all, not just "It."
Still waiting sir. Disgraceful, really. Even the President (3 days late) has now condemned the KKK & White Supremacy. When will you? #ALSen
"It" being white supremacist terrorism, right? When will you say those words?? #ShameOnStrange
I'm willing to lay money he won't.
If a Muslim person ran that car into the crowd killing a young American.  You would be yelling "terrorist" from the roof tops. u are fake
Everything you do in the Senate gives lie to your meaningless words. We start firing you Tuesday. #notmysenator #sellout #bigot #bootlicker
Trump just gave you an endorsement, tell him to condemn those responsible .
I fear this is too little too late. You boys have courted these types of  folks for years and now Trump exalting & empowering them
Together We will Make America Greater than ever before America for Trump
Please be more specific- condemn white nationalism, white supremacy movements, racism, and the KKK. Are you against these things? If so, say
White Supremacy groups and the KKK need to be condemned by name.
The White Supremacist Trump Supporters are terrorists
*perpetrated by white supremacist hate groups.
Call
Them
Out.
please be more specific in condemning white supremacists
Either call out the Nazis or enable them...what u gonna do
He can't call out Trumps racist base.  He's depending on them to get elected.
We really need you to clarify. Because there was a TERRORIST attack today sir. What are you condemning? Who? #ALSen Silence is deafening.
Thank you Senator.
Afraid of offending the "Alt-Right", Breitbart, Info Wars et al?
Hey @senatorStrange - find your inner honest person. Call it what it is. Racism. Domestic terrorism. Say the words or say nothing.
Say the words Nazis, terrorists, and white suprematists. Not alt-right, no vague stuff. SAY IT, COWARD
Save your hypocrisy for your cowardly neo-Nazi & KKK supporters. Also, time for you to go back home to them...
Oh hell no, we don't want that back!
Have you told Trump to get rid of alt right Bannon and Gorka?
Acts matter more than words. Time to man up, Senator.
Let's call the terrorists today who they really were #TrumpsBase
That was the #TrumpBase who were committing the violence but you are still sucking up to #Trump #Disgusting behavior
Thought: why don't you actually NAME what it is - hatred & violence by Nazis and white nationalists. It's not that hard. See, I just did it
"...call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home. -OGH"
Coward. Call it what it is: white nationalist terrorism.  I'm glad you'll be voted out next week.
There is no excuse,  but there is a reason. The GOP. You have coveted these voters. You gave them a voice. You own this.
"By Nazis and White Nationalist Terrorists"...SAY IT.
I dont agree with any mayhem including riots and looting in other cases. You dont have the balls to speak up when thats happening.
Thank you for speaking out.
While you're praying, remember that "Faith without works is dead". @sarahkendzior gives some great tips on what you can do.
Ohhhh burnnn!! Love it!!!!
There is no excuse, but there is a reason the alt-right & white nationalists feel emboldened to act on their ideology, it's name is tRUmp.
The rhetoric from both sides is what's fueling crap like this. Don't blame it on just the Right or Trump supporters.
It may come from both sides, but it is predominantly from the right. Don't act like they are equally responsible.
Both sides are equally responsible. There has been racism and violence from both. People on both sides just need to grow up.
Not equally. Much more coming from the right. No side is innocent but one is more responsible than the other.
Could you be a bit more specific?
Did @realDonaldTrump finally give you the ok to condemn it? Did he approve your tweet? Way to go being a leader. . Stop being a follower
You need to clarify who you think the victims are. Because, you know...
Stop supporting Trump
Your fighting a losing battle,
Condemn "White Supremacy" by name.
Empty words from you and even worse from the guy you so admire. We need real leadership and you and Trump are light years from that.
Nazis & White Nationalists, Big Luther. I know you know how to spell both.
Thanks Luther for vilifying all concerns of the whites at that rally
Will you denounce white supremacy / nationalism specifically? Silence speaks volumes.
How about, instead of "praying", we actually come together and *do* something about attitudes like this? Reprehensible.
