Social skills or intelligence? Hmm funny because he's a successful businessman..wouldn't it take social skills/intelligence to get
No
Well to anyone..seriously enlighten me. I'll listen to what you have to say. I'd like to hear it.
Do you not listen when he speaks? Any educated person knows he babbles through speeches. His hotels and casinos failed. Do research.
Whenever I try asking people what they think they just seem to babble out the bullshit that someone else has already told me. Try something
OK, how about you're an ignorant fool. Trump speaks your language and from looks of you its no wonder you defend him. You're in Florida.
#traitor
Remarks given by a draft dodger how special
He should not be wearing military gear. Period. End of story. @realDonaldTrump
Grab 'em by the pussy Donnie...
I wanted to look like this back in the Vietnam War days, but my foot hurt....
Those poor military fellers and felleretts.  

I think she is still the commander of a tank regiment as well. Her sons and their sons all served as well. Falklands war, Afghanistan..
That's real leadership. Prince William flies with a civilian rescue chopper, Harry commanded troops in Afghanistan.
He hasn't earned the right to wear the hat or the jacket.
Uhhhh....He is CINC all forces US.
It's CIC. And he SHOULDNT BE. #impeach #liar #traitor @realDonaldTrump
Cic is combat info center...cinc is commander-in-chief. Your opinion stands. But as opinion only.

What a joke to see this pretend soldier in costume. Pathetic, be ashamed
How dare you tarnish the clothing of military brave soldiers.
Cool outfit bro. You could've worn one for real if you didn't draft dodge 5x
Blah blah I'm so persecuted, blah blah worst ever, blah blah fake news. Was that one of my political rally crowds?
Can't he just deliver his resignation and be done with it?
You don't have the right to salute you draft dodger.
Love U Support U and will stand by in all circumstance can walk any time for you toward U.Make America Great ,American first.
Get out of that flight jacket, you draft dodger
The President Trump is the one who has been anointed by Divine Power and thank you for the effort and we are all together.  Read Psalm 31
#rambo5
#POTUSTrump
Great speech Mr President. God bless you and your love for this country.
God Love  Bless you and our First Lady Thank you for working so hard for America and Uniting the World  We support you.@FoxNews @PressSec
what exactly has she done? Besides cost the country millions by NOT LIVING IN THE WHITE HOUSE

You do know an executive order means nothing right?  It's all for show - all presidents sign them as something they want to do...meaningless
really then why did Obozo do so many of them
they ALL do them! Geez....meaningless no matter who does them, all have to be approved by congress & senate.
He looks better when he wears hats.
OUR LEADER, without doubt!
No thank you, Trump was an embarrassment at the Vatican and G7.
He was not! People like you are the embarassment.
#usa1
draft gdogger
Request to @realDonaldTrump for political asylum for #GE @generalelectric whistleblower Seema Sapra @FBI @CPDelhi http://seemasapra.blogspot.in/2017/05/fwd-request-to-us-president-donald_8.html …
Fine looking CIC! Thank You, for all that you do for America! God Bless You, Sir!!
TRANING ANTIWESTERN NATION MILITANTS 2 FIGHT EACH OTHER TURNS THEM AGAINST US LEAVE THEM&USE MODERN AIR STRIKE POWER ONLY IF THY THREATEN US
I Love My President Thank You Mr.President for fighting for us, you make me very proud to be an American woman, God Bless
Looking good.
Just this PIC  !!!  Alone    Make  real glad  ..  we  have a President  Trump  !!!!! How about you ?
You should not be allowed to wear military clothing considering you used sissy excuses to dodge the draft several times.
Bravo Zulu President Trump!  If only I could get my career back.
@WhiteHouse The prez can't take it, he is blocking American citizen from seeing his tweets
Is this who u want as prez? He can't take d heat
Why didnt Trump dress up and play soldier during Vietnam... oh right... because he is mentally handicapped
Give me a break!  Take that jacket off you draft dodger!
Why would I watch a draft dodger deliver remarks to truly brave Americans????
Obviously all ships  are flying the same running lights for awhile #POTUS #UNSC
Joke picture
Nope I'll show kajana Winston n FL n Nelson Cox n FL both frad government funds for SSA n own gain point ya out first chance I get for cops
Sorry, busy trying to maintain my sanity while DT is back in town.
No thanks, Not going to listen to that lying piece of .
Great to see respect for the troops and reciprocated respect for our POTUS
You should be ashamed wearing that jacket.... #fakedefermentdon
THANKS 4 MORE MOSLEM REFUGEES JUST WHATBWE NEEDED YOU ARE OUT OF TOUCH
Keep up the fire Mr. President! Keep your promises and you will be a landslide in history.
@realDonaldTrump is a disaster, lots of high school students that could help you find you ask
you are very great softly president in this  USA,
Why are those here illegally treated as gods while veterans have to deal with the BS. Why are those law breakers GODS in the US ??
Nope
Nope I'll just move to Boston for wife an say forget md
Case of Venezuela thank

More abs ser
Why win god does all my battles a I watch how my enemies beg for forgiveness 
America is relieved We have a President the Military & Law Enforcement Respect
Welcome home and thank you for a job well done! 
He should go on the battlefield
可以说中文吗
Seriously
You're a joke to the US military
All Liberals are douchebags
Yeah more interesting is what most of them are thinking..."another draft dodger"!
Like fingernails on a chalkboard
All he does is force military personnel to have to listen to Trump talk about his favorite subject, himself!
I cannot watch, he is an idiot, he has no right to be addressing US military personnel, he is an illegitimate president.
What's the chance a gov run by and paid off by NWO self electing politicians & criminal media that Trump would land as president? Only God.
No thanks. He sounds like "blah blah blah witch hunt, fake news, blah, believe me, I can tell you, blah blah blah" BORING!!!!
Trump is a Draft dodging, commie loving, cry baby POS 
He doesn't fucking deserve the honor
We need to listen to what he said and unite and stop the division of our country.
He's a FIVE TIME DRAFT DODGER, he's not a fucking hero
Why would anyone want to listen to him? He is one of the worse speakers I have ever heard. Not to mention the lies.
.@POTUS shows respect for US military.
MAY. THE. FATHER. JESUS. CHRIST.  BLESS.  OUR. UNITED. STATES.   ARMED. FORCES
AND. THE. UNITED. STATES.  AMERICANS

I. LOVE. ALL. AMERICANS
Opening sentence: " today, fellow Americans, I was told that my brother was an only child.
Get that military jacket off. You dodged the draft 5 times. Fake!
Not my president. Hillary won fare and square. Putin elected Trump.
To see him pretend in that jacket and cap makes me want to vomit. He is not my President.
Listened to your speech good until you started patting yourself  on the back.
You pombus jerk.
No thanks it's like a bad reality show
They're all laughing at him.
Nah - I'd rather watch water circle the drain
I rather pull my teeth than listening this 5 year old man child! #trump represents all that is bad, bad manners, bad language, bad morals
DID YOU FORCE THEM TO SIT AND LISTEN TO YOUR DRIVEL ABOUT YOURSELF
You and your flat feet.  Start another war so you can act like a soldier.
President Trump knows how to salute our troops and show gratitude and respect to them, unlike BHO.
No thx, he is a gutless piece of crap.
Why?  Trump will only find a way to talk about himself.  He is embarrassingly inappropriate in a every situation.
Embarrass them too. did you?
they must really enjoy a true chickenhawk giving them a pep talk.
Sad that temporary bone spur and 4 deferments kept the draft dodger from serving...

Why is the draft dodger pretending to be a military type? Haha
#LikeABoss CIC Trump rocking the CWU flight jacket!
You look natural in a military jacket and hat.
will you please go home already! You've done enough harm on your unsuccessful foreign trip!
Love our POTUS!
no thanks
Translation; watch @POTUS tell lies and make it all about him!
Totally incoherent
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS disgraceful #Fake45.
Thank You Mr. President Trump. We salute you.
Are you preparing for Pence presidency after the impeachment? bc I see almost as many pictures about Trump as Pence
Proud to have you as the Commander in Chief!!
Did you tell how you're picked on and persecuted. You're no leader! You don't deserve their loyalty. They know what honor is.  You're a sham
Our military is built on integrity and character, now being addressed by a Commander in Chief who possesses neither.
What a joke.
He's already disgraced himself enough this week.
XXXXL jacket?
This draft dodger sure loves playing army dress up!  
#BoneSpursDraftDodger

Sickening
Oh no.  Never served.  No one in the family has served.  Acts like a little general squeezed into that flight jacket and hat.
Our military deserves a REAL leader
He was awesome! As usual.
President Trump, Senior Citizen haven't gotten a COLA increase for 8 years now,So I guest what I'm asking could you get us a 7.5%
No thanks.
Sorry Trump but your uniform doesn't give you credibility with the military. Draft dodger!
The draft dodger in chief. Loser.
I watched it on C-SPAN; it was very good.
make America fat again
Nope don't need to hear @realDonaldTrump talk about the election and being treated badly.  I would like to hear about his treasonous actions
Ugh. #notmypresident #ImpeachTrump #IdiotInChief #traitor
president deferments
Ok

I'm amazed to see him standing up. Get him a golf cart.
Someone should tell him that he has no right to salute anyone. Pure civilian with no military ties at all.
How dare you wear that uniform, traitor!
As a Vietnam Vet I am disgusted by this picture... and him.
Thanks I'd rather watch the memes after you mess up - so entertaining
#draftdodger

Let me guess, he's going to tell them about his big win and maybe about his Purple Heart...
How's that heel spur?
Remember when Bush Jr dressed as a pilot? Mission Accomplished? Draft dodger Trump's military garb is even more offensive and obnoxious.
