.@POTUS works to rebuild American infrastructure: http://45.wh.gov/KgzDNy  
POTUS want to sell American infrastructure. Just like he wants to sell America. It's all about money
Those opposing @Potus are exercising their Constitutional right of free speech; by what power have you to say anyone is "really hurting
inside?"  I oppose POTUS because he is a pathological liar, a narcissistic, bigoted, misogynistic deranged and extremely dangerous human
being who was not elected president by WE THE PEOPLE, but rather by the electoral college; legal of course and the way our system works (sad
to say in my view). I fear for my country, the United States of America, a country I fought (and damn near died) for in a fun little place
Just what the hell has he done for the infrastructure, except blow smoke and spew bullshit??  What has he done for any American, except
piss in our faces and tell us it's raining!!
Yeah, and he'll find some damn way to line the pockets of his billionaire buddies and screw the workers out of their pay checks, the SOB-TUS
"getting govt out of the way" so cash can go straight to cronies
Proof please?
Not claiming it has happened yet -- the proposal hasn't even been formalized.
Most likely is that it won't go anywhere.
But if it does and done openly, legally, well thought out, and has real positive benefits, I will applaud and take back my foul slander.
No he's not
Grow up
Grow up nail polish?
Another child
Another russia troll!
It's hard to take anyone on twitter seriously as a real person when MAGA is literally in their username.
It's hard to... oh never mind,you've only  26 followers
Some of us are only on twitter to follow the news, not to post all day to win over groupies. Because we aren't teenagers.
No he is not. Stop lying
He has done nothing of any real substance. No legislation has been passed. A complete and total failure.
The American LEFT is loud and full of TweetS**t.  Our Pres is prescribing the medicine needed to kill the infected DC Swamp
But like... isnt this one thing i already pay the government to provide? Seems bad to pass the buck.. stop atacking party. Attack ideas.
Tired of all the negative childish comments.  Grow up!!!!
Translation: Trump wants to ensure that business can do like he's done - bully & threaten without fear of rules, regulations in the way.
But what about the companies who work and have contacts from gov't and all those employees I guess they don't matter
And according to god our Trump, our air traffic controllers can be replaced by GPS devices and computers.
But he's creating jobs???? Right 
Who else? Obama used part timers & govt expansion to create his fake job numbers. Hillary taught him. Every new govt job creates tax burden
The American people want to retain ownership of our public roads parks & lands,that's why they are called PUBLIC, we won't support this
The gov isn't taking it over, chum.
Sorry , Sweetheart, yesterday with James Comey shot that all down.
Exactly. & it makes better cents for private sector to commit to Paris plan than govt. Our Allies owe us money. Where are debt collectors?
A big profit has to be made on the infrastructure,right Sean. Don't forget,you pay taxes too.. Please pay my part of this scam.
Who's doing the partnering? If it's not govt I guess that would mean trump you and all the other cronys. #self-interest #AllInTheFamily
It's about time. America's infrastructure is horrible. Need high speed trains, better commute train options. #modernizetransportation
By making all my friends richer by letting them milk the government forever!!
Sean...please read that tweet over again and tell us if you truly believe that crap.
Except he has no real plan. What was proposed is extremely pie-in-the-sky, just like the rest of Trump's REALLY GREAT plans.
AWESOMEPOTUS - CANT FATHOM WHY THE DEMOCRATS DONT WANT TOSEE THIS NATION STRONG & VIBRANT AGAIN
But what about the pork? Congress loves their pork.
@tempteststorm2 you don't hear anything about it in the news.
What? Really.  So are you going to pay union workers to rebuild?  Increase taxes on your wealthy pals to pay for it. You are a joke.
How does it feel to sell your soul to the Devil?
do it build new Bridges tunnels 
dig doe really deep you need to think of ways the illegals can not  get in .  get in line like rest . USA1
@POTUS is fleecing U.S. by using companies he is invested in to pad his pockets w/taxpayer funds.
And where does it lead back to the trump bank roll
So we'll pay for it twice? 1st with the tax break you will give private sector & 2nd via the new "for profit" infrastructure with tolls etc!
How do live w yourself day in and day out being a tool?
You mean, having federal gov't NOT pay for it so tax breaks can go to PUTSO's buddies here and in Russia?
I'm all in call us first! LEKSIII Construction is available to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
INFRASTRUCTURE is not building homes John.  Your work looks great but I doubt the US is looking for a 3/2 ranch with a pool.  Thanks tho
I don't know why liberals have to be so mean to me. I provide jobs & opportunity. How I'm the bad guy is beyond me..
Who was mean to you there snowflake?  Comment was direct and factual.  Don't worry. Trumptrain's set for derailment anyway. Choo choo
I'm not crying believe that. & btw
Who said crying?  Let it go buddy.  Tears, meme, all I'm missing is a Clinton/Obama reference and I win!
Win what? What is this victory you speak of?
This back and forth. I'm good. U good?
No he just making sure all his rich friends in the private sector get the contracts. Drain the swamp my ass #notmypresident
Nice try #TrumpRussia #ComeyTestimony
Building new golf courses?

@SHSanders45 @POTUS @WhiteHouse yey more toll roads
Surprised you destroyed your credibility and future by hitching your ride on this treasonous con-artist. But Republicans are short-sighted.
Yes we must not allow the government to stop the PPOTUS from creating policies that benefit him personally. How else will he enrich himself?
You should resign buddy.
Means fuck everyone and let the money end up in his pocket.
By partnering you mean "tax breaks for the rich."
Which will cost taxpayers more and result in lower quality infrastructure.  #TrumpRussia
A real infrastructure bill would be great, but he wants to sell public roads, bridges etc... to private companies driving up consumer costs
C'mon folks, PLEASE don't be fooled by this.  It's just more corporate welfare & tax breaks.  We must demand better for the American people.
I don't get it - aren't you guys government??
Getting govt out of the way...does that mean all you guys in the WH?  Sure "hope" so...
Thanks.  Can you let me know when they fix Metro and all DC congestion??
It's the "private sector" part of Trump's infrastructure plan that's the problem.
Tell him that the MTA in his hometown needs some work desperately.
How much money will Trump make on this initiative? Also, this sets up profit vs safety dilemmas ... investors demand return
Here come the toll roads. The Koch Brothers highways, the Monsanto Bridge to hell.
Like you got out of the way hiding in the bushes?
Guessing the sink hole at Mar A Lago will be fixed first?
Where projects will go to the lowest bidder and be crap.
Who will be accountable for all the potholes?
Thank goodness the BS is out of the way! March on!
Yes!
@CaliDemocrats are raising taxes to fix infrastructure and it still not getting fixed
@SHSanders45 @POTUS @WhiteHouse and giving private companies huge tax breaks. Cost ends up on taxpayer. Good job everybody
Real issue...  states now delaying and cancelling projects due to lack of federal funding.
All those pesky govt regs...I mean, who NEEDS clean water, a living wage, a safe work place, consumer protections, safe airways....
COV the FEFE up
Again,not your idea. Read about President Obama's plan that was sabotaged by Republicans
Here, I fixed it: @POTUS is ruining America's infrastructure by selling it to his friends (and himself) #CronyCapitalismGiveaway #Graft #Con
If we deserve the best then why aren't you working with congress both Democratics and Republicans? You seem to want to go it alone!
Of course letting foriegn governments own our air rails and highways is perfectly fine! Sad no one ever
This isn't how Eisenhower approached this.  He recognized that both government AND the private sector TOGETHER are needed.
Then just quit if you have no interest in government

Because Twitter in Chief is only working for Big Money, NOT AMERICA!
Yeah because businesses being unregulated worked out fucking well the first time.  Now you're letting banks do it again. Teddy R is rolling

You have 1 tough job! Thanks
Hey yeah great idea...the American public needs to boost corporate greed
he must have a way to include lining his pockets with more cash by pretending to "partner" with private sector a.k.a. as his rich buddies
Rebuilding infrastructure under Trump is as big a myth as everyone having health insurance. Lying weasels every single one of you.
Oooooookay! #theresistance #TrumpMustTestify
Haha
The private sector has no interest in doing best job 4 public. Their goal is 2 make most $$. Y would gov "get out of way" of citizen safety?
Hey. Projects using Public funding should be regulated & monitored by gov't. Privatizing infrastructure to rebuild is really not an option.
So how many construction companies does Trump have?
@SHSanders45 @POTUS Here in SC we have been doing this since Obama was POTUS. This isn't 45s thing it's holdover from 44
If you believe that dummy I got this island in the desert you will love.  Why do you humiliate yourself with his rhetoric??????
Can you share the news with Goldman CEO, he didn't know that!!! Hahaha
Or Trump is a thief and is lining his own pockets...all a matter of perception right?
#POTUSpantsOnFire
He is systematically ruining the nation one day at a time.  We weep, you lie
With HRC it was TACO TRUCKS on every corner. With DJT it's TOLL BOOTHS on every corner. see the difference?
Must make $$ f or his cronies somehow. Taxpayers will pay  one way or another.
Not that you will listen at all, but: 

• the American people do not want privatization of infrastructure
• not in construction or operation
Govt projects built this countries infrastructure, NOT private business, large scale public works infrastructure is exactly what Govt does!
Difficult to talk , we understand when have all the president shit talk behind the back.
So I guess Government won't be needing any of our tax $$$$ for this? Yes, keep government out, keep $$ in our pockets.
Diversion take
Love the admin work! Media making you guys look like morons though with daily briefings. Only give them questions Mon and Fri
And the Russians. Let's not forget the Russians.
@realDonaldTrump isn't rebuilding infrastructure 4Americans he's lining his own pockets BIGLY along with @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan
give me a break. all of America knows this admin is a fucking joke.
Privatization makes it profitable to cut corners, weakening infrastructure. Stupid move.
Oh great more toll roads ahead
Come on, Melissa. You know it's just a wishlist with nothing behind it. #DonnyBluster #Unfit #ImpeachTrump #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
remember the Chinese buildings built with papier-mâché and hope? Do we really want them fortifying our levees?
@POTUS is doing a great job,keep up the good work.It is a blessing to have a President, that actually puts the United States first.
Just took a trip in Tex, NM, Ariz. Was surprised how bad our Interstates have become.
you are more vile than any member of ISIS.
By selling it to the highest bidder
Toll roads for all!!!!
Keep public infrastructure public! Keep private companies at bay in "the Peoples" America.
Hahahaha.... he will build a new stand for your comic show Sean?
Privatizing our infrastructure will just end up with the highest bidder (likely foreign) owning our roads, bridges, levees, etc
The bidders will flock to the table cuz he is working to deregulate the industry. Contractors can do a halfassed job with no repercussions
Is "partnering with" a way of saying "passing the buck to?" What is he doing to actually make anything happen?
trump = wants to sell America to the highest bidders, take the money and leave us like one of his companies. bankrupt & worthless. SHAME
@realDonaldTrump @CR @marklevinshow BUILD THE WALL infrastructure 
Translated: Trump will sell US infrastructure to foreign interests, at high costs & leave you with a crushing debt load. #BankruptAmerica
Which means minimal (if any)safety & financial regulations. Who do u think built highway system, went to the moon, won WW2. This WH sucks!
He's a degenerate imbecile
Nah, he's golfing, again!
Nah, he's golfing.
In other words, mr trump is making rich donors richer.
Trump is selling r infrastructure to the rich & foreign entities.As with all things Trump. America & Americans lose.
So the Government will get out of the way by becoming involved?!?!
@WhiteHouse Rebuilding by privatizing so donors can make loads of money. Fixed it for you!
By selling our infrastructure to the highest bidder? @SaudiEmbassyUSA
NEED TO GET THAT POS & YOU "OUT OF OUR WHITE HOUSE" DO YOU ENJOY MAKING A FOOL OUT OF YOURSELF? YES. KEEP AVOIDING & LYING SEAN-YOUR REP ???
Nobody needs pesky air, water, food, and health regulations!  @POTUS should just take all of the money into personal account! #KLEPTOCRACY!
Sometimes I'm embarrassed for you
He's partnering ship with his friends so they make money

More like prioritzing private investor projects, while ignoring public projects.
Poor Sean, really feel sorry for you, when this is all done You will have no career!   You are a laughingstock with no credibility!!
Do you feel good about lying? No regulation no oversight = gov criminals have free rein to line their coffers while real America suffers.
@WhiteHouse
Then what the heck are our tax dollars paying for? Oh yes, his golf trips.
Getting government out of the way? Because who needs government oversight of our most critical infrastructure? My god, Trump is stupid.
Most of America wants him out of the way.
Yeah, what's next? Privatizing SS?
You seriously should get your brain looked at U r the so called GOV and u want to get urself out of the way?? Start looking for a new job
Why tweet a claim so easily proven false?
In other words selling it to the highest bidder so we have to pay them (i.e. China, Russia) to use roads in our own country? #FuckedUp
Got Nothing.
Got Ports?
Got Airports?
Got Rail?
Got Bridges?
Got Roads?
Cool. So what has he actually done? Nothing in his budget....which Congress won't pass anyway...
Republicans are finally supporting a bill on infrastructure after 8 yrs of obstructing it. Where is the $ amount promised in the campaign?
No he's not. He's talking, and we all know that means he's lying.
Getting gov't out of the way, or getting more money to rich fat cat buddies?
He won't get anything done Sean - doesn't know how.  That's the sad truth.  You should get out why you still can - that's my advice.
when is Russia moving in?
Really?
The private sector of what country?
That means we taxpayers are paying the private sector's profit. That means it costs us more
This means, get ready for toll roads. If the government is not going to fund these projects, long term, you know who pays.
Yay... toll roads are coming back...
When are you going to get tired of Trump making you look like a fool?
So they can be as crooked as they want.
@RepPresnell @POTUS POTUS is destroying US democracy while the GOP laighs. Shame!
You mean he is deregulated important laws so he can get richer.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS you mean he is selling it off to his foreign buddies.
t McCain m-ž zzzx Loz
Sean your lips are moving again quit lying!!
Yes OUR Hivenernment but 45 is ushering Russia into the Oval Office Disgraceful Embarrassing Fraud and you @PressSec are his minion Shame
THE PRESENT ADMINISTRATION IS WORTHLESS INCLUDE CONGRESS @GOP.
The only thing @POTUS cares about is himself, not America. He hasn't rebuilt anything & it will only benefit the rich.
Liar
