Agree with all except this is not a media distraction this time. From AL & will always support Jeff Sessions.
Do your job. Work with full integrity for the constitution and the people for which it stands.
Trump's Scout Speech
Strange Luther.  #stateofUS
Pick a side. I dare you.
The "media" isn't the distraction-the prez is bullying Sessions to quit for doing his job and obeying the rule of law.
Way to walk the fence. Also we all know that in this state it's hard to beat an incumbent even if it were handed to you on a silver plater.
The MEDIA, helps to hold politicians accountable.
Your description of Sessions doesn't even come close to actually describing him. You left out liar, racist, & coward
Can't wait for our special election in December here in Alabama!  We are going to turn this mess around.
The United States is only one nation in America - and it was great before trump - now hate runs rampant fueled by myth and lies
U R really a fan boy 4 former gov who appointed u when u were supposed 2 b investigating him DIRTY DEAL you need a mentor NO STRANGE 4 SEN
Media distraction?!
you probably actually believe that horseshit
Crooked Strange Luther you have lost your marbles. Trump is the one bashing his FRIEND, Jeff. He hates you as well,big pawn.
What in the actual fuck are you talking about? Are you dense?
Perhaps you should read DJT tweets. Also: you're the biggest fraud in the Senate. You bought your seat. Go away.
It's @realDonaldTrump who is dismantling your lying, presumably racist, mentor #DumpTrump
Sir, surely you realize that it was POTUS' Tweets that led to the media coverage.
You're correct! I want keep Jeff Sessions as Attorney General!
#Privilege indeed. This is the person you want to be & the life you want to lead? Rectify & change. This "healthcare" act is inhuman.
What?!
How you can think this is the fault of media is beyond comprehension. Trump has always been a terrible person. He only cares about Trump
Nice job trying to serve both masters. You must take your constituency for fools.
NYC Snake got yer backbencher ol' Sess by the NUTz well he was pretty useless in congress, unless bringing slavery was on the agenda LOL SAd
SaruTrump it seems is not an ally for Frodo Sessions after all. Now the Alabama Fellowship ride to his aid #notmysenator #notmyag #idiots
That tells us everything we need to know about you.  If they're white, male, & career politicians you'll bend knee to them.
Do you not understand why the media is reporting reports?
Woah... woah... appointee, how quickly your memory fails... though @potus is a buffoon #peoplebeforeparty #countrybeforeparty
Then the President needs to stop tweeting and talking about the AG. You just lost my vote.
He lost my vote when he promoted himself as an "Alabama Republican" who is a real @realDonaldTrump man.
What about how Jeff Session is being treated now?
Donald Trump is a grown man. He and alone is responsible for behavior. #PATHETIC
The media is distracting us? Come on man. Are you sure it's not Trumps horrible treatment of Sessions via Twitter, speeches and interviews?
Oh Luther...it's not the media...@POTUS stirs it up.
Trying so hard to please the wrong people. I guess you are content to be a short time, never elected senator. Fine by me.
Boy, Big Luth, you hit in the sweet spot on this one.
Iil 'Jeff gave us this freak in a rally in Alabama in the beginning. The freak has come home to roost!
Great words of wisdom! Thank you!!  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Not bc your great dictator is completely coocoo? If you don't see THAT, this country's in a lot of trouble.
By the media, do you mean @realDonaldTrump? Cause he's the one badmouthing @jeffsessions, not the media.
This is not a good statement. It is bad. You are bad for making it. Stop making bad statements.
#COWARD Stop blaming media for your nutball Presidents behavior. You and your colleagues are sentencing many to death. How great is that?
This is an impressively dumb statement. You're trying to run to and from Trump at the same time.
COME ON. Trump himself tweeted criticism of Sessions today. You really are Strange
Oh that terrible media, reporting on the totally normal way the president is treating his attorney general.
Luther, I wasn't going to vote for you to begin with, but I will be thrilled when you lose. I'm sure @alabamapower will give you a big raise
You are EVERYTHING that is wrong with politics. That you even have the gall to run after aiding & abetting Bentley's corruption is farcical.
After getting appointed by Bentley, with a quid pro quo to stop investigating him in exchange for a seat, do you think anyone trusts you?
your mentor? Sessions is a shit-heel who wants to throw the book at low-level non-violent drug offenders. Shame on you.
Too chickenshit to criticize #45, so @SenatorStrange  attacks the media. #coward
Bahahaha, this is the best break up tweet I ever seen...
@realDonaldTrump just ran your mentor under the bus in public and you blame the media. How absurdly typical.
Oh please!! @POTUS tweets are the distraction. Can you stop insulting our intelligence? It's beneath you and your office, Mr. Senator.
Trump's the one tweeting and talking about Sessions. We see it for ourselves.
Bless little Luther's heart, what will he do when they inevitably break up? Support tRUmp who has proven he has no loyalties except family?
Racists and rapists are not men of "integrity", and if the GOP were interested in salvaging the US, you would lead charge to impeachment.
You should be advocating your constituents' agenda rather than being beholden to your pals. You represent us, not them.
You are so right! The media should only report what the administration wants to hear! #MAGA
After 20 years in the senate you would think Jeff would have improved those numbers. Your state is a shitstain.
Translated: 'Sessions and Trump are both popular in my state, so I'll have to figure out how to suck up to both at the same time.'
This is the most bizarre statement I've read on this.. Alabama i feel sorry for you
Is the media a ventriloquist? They make Trump say and tweet disparaging things about his own attorney general? Media scapegoating is tired.
Very odd. You know Trump is trying to derail Sessions right now. He tweeted it directly. MSM just reported on his tweets.
U sure have a strange way to "support " your so called mentor
You are just a Trump sycophant who illegitimately gained that Senate seat. Also, by not fully defending your great friend, you look pitiful.
The media is only a distraction when it's convenient.
The media? The "media" reported what Trump is saying. GET A CLUE.
Nobody cares what you think. You're an unelected sycophantic Trump toady.
What did they pay you more for to extract, Senator:  your brain or your soul?
WTF does this have to do with anything? Your mango Mussolini is the one attacking Sessions WHILE YOU VOTE TO TAKE AWAY PPLS HEALTHCARE
Have you been in a coma since January?
Care to elaborate on how the media is interfering with you representing Americans?
Lyin’ Luther! Trump, the guy you never supported, is the one attacking Sessions. Did your owner McConnell tell you 2 tweet that? #ALpolitics
I'm not a fan of this version of Dr Strange.
The media is distracting you by REPORTING what @Potus said re: Sessions? #partybeforecountry #hypocrite
Men of integrity do not betray their country to hostile nations, lie about it to congress, or stick up for those who do. Get it straight, Lu
Thank you Sen Strange for supporting Sessions against disloyal @POTUS, a doormat to son-in-law.
You need to start following Trump on Twitter. He is sabotaging Jeff Sessions. And others that are getting in his way.
Luther, 
For some reason your tweet is really Strange!

There is no protagonist. We have the bullying of a bigot
You think folks don't know what you're all about? Follow the ex-Governor of AL's scandal and you'll see how bottom swamp Strange is.
What's wrong with you? Talk to your President he's the one trash ing Session
It is not the media distracting, it is this bully in the White House. Shame on you for defending Trump and blaming media.
Someone isn't keeping up with current events.  Trump and Sessions aren't working together on much of anything these days.
Uhhh, Senator?  It ain't the media distracting people from Trump's agenda.  It's Trump himself. But you know that already.
For those of you from outside of AL, let me help here...Big LU is an unrepentant sycophant and is incapable of independent thought.
The media isn't the problem. The actual problem is in the White House.
Senator, I hate to burst your bubble, but it's not the media going out of its way to bash the AG, it's @POTUS. Trump could stop anytime.
Stop letting the media distract us?! Trump is on Twitter bashing him, not the media. Maybe you could take that up with @realDonaldTrump
He's really not very good at this attempted brainwashing. It might help if we shared his party over country loyalties. 
President Trump has called Session's "beleaguered," "weak," "very unfair" and said it was a terrible mistake to have hired him.
lol v strange indeed
You certainly are strange
Do you think people should be put in jail if they are in possession of user amounts of drugs?
Do you think states should be able to legalize cannabis?
Do you think government should be able to seize money from people who are not convicted of anything, but maybe suspects?
Do you want to force judges to punish people with a mandatory minimum?
Do you support a war on African Americans framed as the 'War on drugs'?
Coward.
Been drinking on the job, Luther?
Than maybe you should ask Trump to stop attacking him.....?
Yup, it's the media's fault! LOL you buffoon
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton." So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
That darn media!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!
Oh look, the media distracting again.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
Damn. They even take the form of POTUS!!
You are going to lose in the primaries.
Classic ass... it is Trump that is cannibalizing him! U gonna twist facts
The media, you say?? 

Name ONE thing Trump is doing to make American great "again".
You must have the dimmest constituents to put out that horse manure if a statement.  Unless you just want the press taken out and shot.
He doesn't have any "real" constituents. @DrRobertBentley appointed Luther to Session's open seat.
It was just a coincidence that Luther was AL's AG who was beginning to investigate Bentley's misuse of state funds #alpolitcs
Translation: please stop fighting so Sessions stays AG so he doesn't run against me.
You have noticed it is @POTUS who demeaning & humiliating @jeffsessions (his own AG) on a daily basis. You should be supporting AG to @POTUS
I don't like or support Sessions but @potus should either fire him or back him. Humiliating him publicly not acceptable
Are you fucking high?
Damn dude, it isn't the media. @realDonaldTrump is the one calling @jeffsessions out. Like two 7th grade mean girls.
u need 2 tell your president to shut up. @realDonaldTrump is the 1 dogging @jeffsessions not the media. they report the news..
Better ask Trump...this isn't the media. You Republicans have lost your minds.
Senator, it's the leader of your party and president who's doing the distracting. Man up and quit being a spineless apologist.
I am not sure which words in this statement you actually understand.
TRUMP IS THE ONE ATTACKING HIM ON TWITTER!!!
And on tv and in the newspapers. Shoot by now I kinda expect trump to go to a Sessions' family reunion to tell his family how crappy he is
#donthecon runs his own Twitter account, not @foxnews (aka: MSM).
Trump...is the one tweeting about Sessions and embarrassing him in front of the media. Trump. He's the one doing it.
What on earth are you talking about? The president is the one attacking him, not the media. Of course you know this.
Strange is totally gunning for Jeff Session's spot so he is playing both sides.
