I think 1/2 "citizens" of this country know so little abt its reason 4 founding & unique Constitution, they #DoNotDeserveCitizenship
WAY TO GO PRESIDENT TRUMP.    WE FEEL YOU HIT A HOME RUN.   IF PEOPLE DONT AGREE.    THEY ARE NOT AMERICANS
You're almost cute. You killed America within days.
#RESIST #RUSSIA #TARandFeather
please stop saying mean things about me. I'm the president respect my authority
As soon as you are gone...no problem!
F#&K you!!!!!!
brilliant speech. Reminiscent of our great forefathers. First president in my 30 years as far as I'm concerned. I'm Democrat no more.
we will do it!
Wow! Your speech last night was one of the best I've ever heard! The icing on the cake !
And I am asking for impeachment.  If you really want to make America great again,  step down before you lead us to war,  on US soil.
american spirit isn't about exclusion and that is what your administration is all about.  No thanks  man
amen!!! Thank you for that munch needed speech!! God Bless you!! 
You mean the parts about a free press, voting rights, and welcoming immigrants, or just the white power parts?
Wonderful speech Trump. God is with you and this great nation. #MAGA
SMD
is that the new Harley?
An awesome speech by an exceptional and God anointed President!
God Bless You @realDonaldTrump
God Bless America 

well done Mr President well done sir thank you from a grateful DAV
Beautiful speech Mr. President!!! GOD BLESS THE USA!!
disgusting
thank you Mr President for your vision and your leadership.
proud Deplorable tonight thank you
Great speech, great job
and I am asking you to be kind, inclusive, accepting and supportive of ALL walks of life mister.....
Did you even hear his speech? It was amazing, brought me to tears, we are very blessed to have him as president.
we all have our opinions and I respect yours so respect mine. I hope for inclusivity, support, acceptance & peace
I don't know why you think we don't want that too
don't make that assumption. We have different opinions & can express them that is a wonderful freedom we have here.
in 4 years or hopefully less when you're gone
watch the speech, it really was amazing, he is a fantastic president.
it was an amazing speech hit so many topics   Unifying. 
I don’t like what I’m seeing tbh
you don't know the common man's story, obviously out of touch.
yeah, trumps golden palace sure is common man
I am a common man, you are not. Living in a dream world. Get checks from soros
yo I can get money from this? Cool!
join his anti American agenda and don't cry when he turns us 3rd world. Money will be worthless.  Check out Venezuela
Dems lost and now they cry and hate. This will be a one party system. Dems are done because of all the hate.
so agree
cliches, empty platitudes & lies
As we have had for the past 8yrs
I embrace your impeachment.
are you funded by soros like the rest of your negative "friends"?
What, can't spell Rothschild, Foxzombie?
most amazing address ever. God bless you
.@POTUS #TrumpRussia
.@POTUS #PutinsPuppet
well that didn't work as a diversion. Try again.
Trump: “The time for trivial fights is behind us"
Crowd: **Audible laughter**
@POTUS
I think brothers & Sisters in the inner cities Understand! Be part of da solution #MAG
Embrace this 
@seanspicer  Only possible if victims of cyber assault, cyber prison, cyber stalking ID theft are freed. Major leak happening...
Not many will listen to you.. You not president
yes we are
Eat shot!
@seanspicer It's questionable what flag he's holding? Can't see it for b___ sh__ smoke
I am flabergasted that you can write such lying drivel!
.
Magnifico Mr. President! America loves you! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #trumpaddress #Jointsession #jointaddress
. Merica does; not so sure about America.
let's make hate crimes common again ... let's embrace a new america only for white rich people and the ones who work for them 
IM WITH HER #myFirstLady
Why?
because Bruce is an idiot
Embrace this.
That's classy. God forbid you actually do something to make the country better!
.@aztraveler1 @POTUS I served 8 years for my country, how about you?
No but I work in a field where I actually help people everyday.  I don't just complain and blame everybody else.
Like our President does?
The country is circling the drain.  Someone has to clean up the mess left to him.
the American people are asking for your tax returns,  your move .
move on snowflake
.@BirchbyKen @LisaLittlewood3 @POTUS - Donnie I found the poster boy for your version of the Hitler Youth! #dontgettrumped
you mean American patriot
.@BirchbyKen @LisaLittlewood3 @POTUS - nope, my tweet reads correctly.

GREAT SPEECH!!!!
President Banon out did himself!!!
stupid comment. Most liberals have no common sense
you know it's true!!  .
no I don't know it's true. Trump has succeeded just fine before he ever knew Banon.
pffffff...america is a shithole because of your supporters.
just because the orangutan didn't throw his own shit during a speech doesn't change that fact that he's completely incompetent.
As soon as you remove Sessions,Bannon,Devos,Tillerson,Conway& show us your taxes. Stop your Demagoguery & we'd love too after that 
a little too late!
@seanspicer @realDonaldTrump might be respected if no isolationism and populism policy. Respect all people and nations USA work with
wait! Just because you came up with a new phrase #AmericanSpirit doesn't make it a reality. Doesn't make it a thing.
I salute you for calling on people to buy American. This means they will boycott DJTrump goods since all your crap is made in China
great speech time to move forward & Repeal & Replace ACA
@funder trumps speech was nothing by BS, lies to cover up what he realm is. Let alone how did trump actually write. Obama we need u..
yeah we need you like we need a hole in the head, we need you like a fat man needs a heart attack!
You first, Mr President. Until then, bite me.
Count me in President Trump!!
best speech ever an the dems are making assessment of themselves can't believe america can't see this
Donna spoken like a true white person!
I'm with you and so is my family! I will do whatever I can to support your agenda!
. @POTUS  Sir, I wish you would smile more often. Smiling can enhance our moods. At this critical time, Americans need to stay positive. 
Absolutely! Just as soon as you resign.

release your taxes
MY American spirit has never left!!! No need for a renewal for me!!!
ALL citizens. Not just conservatives. You hear that liberals? That's called inclusion. That's what that looks like 

please ,your excellency help Southern Cameroons in the restoration of their independence
Correction:  I am asking all citizens to embrace my impeachment.
@WhiteHouse  thats all i can sat to him i was taught if i have nothing nice to say dont say anything at all...@POTUS is a joke
I voted for you, I am proud your our President!
Does that include people who want to become American too, or nah?
you sir, are a joke and a fraud and will ultimately be called out by the people
I'm with you all the way!!!  Great speech!!!  God bless.
Well, resign then. Do something useful and helpful for those who love you and quit lying about everything. Be a decent human being.
- Fascism and white supremacist credo is not a renewal - it's poverty, discrimination, abuse and division on every level imaginable
the best I can do is watch you like a hawk, resist when you attempt to ruin the planet and wait out the next 4 yrs with fingers x'd
please no green card go home. Investigate even green cards. I kno of some that are here illegal
I think if you didn't habitually lie all the time, I'd support you.  But man, you were the best host of The Apprentice.
embrace the renewal? Does this mean you'll release your taxes?
. At seclia's funeral, the siren went bye, help is on the way, and then a train, the trump is on the way.
You've fooled them... haven't you Donald? Well, you haven't fooled me...
Get Bill Clinton's immigration bill from 1995 listen to it
@seanspicer Have you seen his newest twitter tantrums. He acts like a child. Aren't you embarrassed to cover for him?
u want wanna get the democrats off there asses make obamacare mandatory Thur a executive order
But we don't trust you because you pathologically lie EVERYDAY.
#StopPresidentBannon
God bless you President Trump. We are proud of you and will be with you as you lead the way to "Make America Great Again". Thank you!

PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN 
we will once your (read not spoken) words match your actions and intentions. Be a leader for ALL not just your narrow base.
Once again after eight years God shows his sovereignty. Thank you Mr. President for bringing back the foundation of our country 
I'm in!
Who wouldn't Oh yeah, there are some that won't because they'd rather have power. That comes from voters you're shoving like pawns.
ok but you need to find a way to lead from the middle of the people not from the fringes.  Succeed for all of us!
We arent trusting you after 16 months of rude, hateful, immature, lying, unfit behavior. NEVER. PIG
We thank you for giving us hope
Brah . You started  all this hate.
remember Maxwell Smart oval quiet area...lol reverse Obama-UN- caliphate, strings from politicians around the world. Coventry key!C
It is obvious congress speaking against AGSessions do so as minions of @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr -who think YOU will cave
I'm hugging the shit out of it.
until We stop the US vs them mentality the system will keep us down. Do not look at Rep vs Dem look at what is really going on.
great job! Continue moving foward! REAL Americans stand with you!
Fine. Tell Congress: NO cuts to Social Security or Medicare!  Not on your watch!
The spirit of America before the Civil War, or during Jim Crow? #AmericanSpirit
WHAT????
will do sir!
Sir we are all behind you and leaning forward into a bright future.  Thank you for running and obtaining the Presidency!
Isn't American Spirit a cigarette company?
love you and God bless you
totally dude!!!!!!
we are with you!
Pres Trump , you hit it out of the park last night. So proud you are OUR President
we stand by TRUE PATRIOT PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP as he stands by America for America
the whole thing is a joke! You spoke about things that everyone wants."we'll get crime off the street" who doesn't want that?
you can't fool everyone, you backpedaling liar.
Dems act like like spoiled 5 yr olds I can't believe I ever supported them never again.
@RicknSoddyDaisy renewal or reversal?
Renewal in the hope of the American Vision

President Donald J Trump is awesome.
F U.
yes sir
you cannot lead a renewal of #americanspirit. Your lower than slime mold.
#EradicateDemocrats #RestoreAmerica
- try being a leader instead of a divider.

i am proud to say your my President!!!!
I will embrace it the day you embrace: clean water, immigrants, our right to free speech and the press. Oh and show your tax return.
I will embrace your impeachment!!
#Trumpwins4USA #NoShariaInUSA #MAGA

Bull Shit
is this when you start acting "presidential "?
We are embracing and support you 100%.
Sadly democrats hate Trump more than they love America...
let's start supporting our President.  His optimism should make everyone want to join him and work together as one nation
fantastic job tonight!  Go get em...#DTS, keep winning for the USA and let the results heal the divisions between great people.
I am trying to form a business but regulations are precluding me. I'd like to hire atleast 1 full time employee. Who can I talk to?
This dude don't know what he's doing.
Blessed are the Peacemakers. 
great speech Mr. President
You got it but how renewed u think we are going to feel when you double the National Debt. Not one word about it. #draintheswamp BS
Yes yes.  Let's increase blind nationalism so you can continue your racist, xenophobic agenda.
WTG!!!!!
AMERICA FIRST!! AWESOME SPEECH THANK YOU!!!
no thanks
embrace #deeznuts
The American Spirit does NOT need to be renewed as it's always strong .
Barf.
someone in the WH is leaking info 2 undermine u and no none is doing anything to find out who it is.
The American spirit is in the Resistance. It is against you.
-Renew the call for you to resign!
Great Speech - Thank you for the bipartisan tone and leadership!
Fire Steve Bannon, Fire Scott Pruitt,Betsy DeVos & show us your taxes, then we shall see.
all Russian citizens? Or only those you've given cabinet positions to? #traitor #TraitorSessions
