Unless you're Fox News. Then you're working overtime to desperately polish the turd that is the Trump administration. (And failing)
You're failing and the Dems are going down! Biggest scandals and corruption coming to a head. Can hardly wait for Clinton's& Obama locked up
Be sure to let me know when that happens pal I'll be waiting. I'm still waiting for Obama to take our guns... when will that happen?
Funny that Fox news didn't think the media was hyperventilating over the email coverage just before the election.
That's because the media was in bed with Hil, and never talked about it.
Now that's just being purposely dishonest to make a point you know isn't true. Fallacious and ignorant sir. You should do better.
The perfect example of you just can't fix stupid!
Laughable how Fox spent 8 years trashing scandal free Obama but is now defending shady Trump no matter what he does.
It turns out the accusations were true
Trump is in T R O U B L E!!!!
Only by the media
Legally he has done nothing wrong
We need to see the Comey memo to be 100% certain of that. If Trump asked him to back off Flynn, that's obstruction of justice.
If he ordered him to back off maybe but asking him to is not obstruction
It's not just the Russians laughing but entire world laughing at bad losers democrats lead by crooked Hillary & CNN
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
If only they would pass out from all the hyperventilating.
And they are ignoring the new addition to the Clinton body count.
How about all the memos related to the Clinton foundation and Bill Clinton's meeting with Loretta Lynch on the tarmac, wheres those memos
Great point, since Mr Comey is breaking out his memos...
Is it notarized, witnessed, signed and dated?  He could have just wrote anything down after his ass was fired...
With law & order Doug Jones running against you in looming AL special election, you might want to rethink supporting flynn/treason/coverups
@SenatorStrange W/special election coming up FAST u will be one of first in GOP to realize how Ams feel about these scandals. Choose wisely.
MSM&the LEFT are HYSTERICAL so Bring on the investigation&let's see what ALL it turns up on EVERYONE!POTUS needs to move forward making MAGA
Where is Comey's memos on Hillary Clinton investigation? Subpoena that! The People want special prosecutor appointed. Lock her up!
Well get the Republican2 get off their butts & fight back against the media & Dems! U have a majority4 God's sake! xcept 4 McCain of course!
Absolutely
DEMS. ARE BRINGING THIS ON THEMSELVES!!!  NOT GOOD FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
It isn't about the media. It's more about the holes in Trumps explanation and back peddling. Difficult to have a president that LIES.
Here's the point: Russia is a foreign enemy that tampered with our Democratic process. Trump's closeness to them is not acceptable. #Treason
YOU are the only one who seems to be hyperventilating?
People like you that make transition from Democracy to Dictatorship, this President has big issues and you are normalizing problems
.... Are all these republicans delusional?
#ComeyMemo
Y did Comey testify b4 Congressionsl committee that no investigation has been interfered with if this conversation was interference? PERJURY
Get off @FoxNews - it's a child's blog.
Media should get over it. POTUS was elected to serve the people of America. Not the Media.
The media is a disgrace
The idiot has to go
Hyperventilating no they are in full meltdown
Rouge republicans need to shut their f'ing mouth. Either they are bought out or they are stupid
The media/democrats will burn the country to the ground in their hatred of President Trump. The Tea Party needs to rise and support POTUS.
How did the Demos elect such weak candidates, that spend Out Money frivolously doing nothing Our President tells them to do,
Do these liberal news media realize how utterly stupid they sound?
No they are hyperventilating over our country being destroyed by Donnie trump. Con man,  liar.
Why is this such a big deal? Clinton fired FBI director.
Do something about it. Stopmaking only these statements. Action!
Everything the Democrats do and say is predicated on winning seats in the November 2018 election.
Fake news
@cspan potential evidence of abuse of power by @realDonaldTrump and @GOP still dragging their feet-
Blood in the water
No the GOP are nothing but Cowards and can't stand up to a bully
grow up!!!!! all of you
"Hyperventilating" as when your ignoramus-in-chief whines each time he speaks?
They are rabid calling for impeachment without any legal substance
We the people want proof, news media is corrupt just the lap dogs of the liberals and establishment show us the money or the proof msm sucks
Shouldn't we be calling it the "alleged" memo? No one has actually seen the thing, so it should be recognized as such.
Who murdered the dnc staffer
Fox News is FAKE NEWS
Fox is all Donnie has lmao
Media hyperventilating over everything any good person does - they like liars, criminals, idiot professors, and extreme liberals
And no one questions the timing of this revelation?
Hilary's zombies
I wouldn't trust any memo written by Comey in the past year.
Agreed. They and the people are hyperventilating pending DT'S imoeachment.
YES THEY ARE. HAVE HAD ENOUGH IF THIS COMEY AND RUSSIA THING. MOVE ON
Working on the wall is like freedom of expression, and the Supreme Court should not allow States and cities to control free speech.
I'm mean he's the President, he shouldn't have to follow them any way.
What do we need laws for?
You're right Obstruction of Justice, Obsmuction of Justice.
Why does everyone in the republican partyseem to blame the news when everything is in black and white on trumps twitter
Hopefully, they'll turn blue and pass out!
...please don't give them a bag to help their breathing.
Several House and Senate Repubs are "Hyperventilating" too. #ComeyGate
I wanna see the " Memos "
More like being strung out on smack . . .
What Comey memo?
They are a angry destructive group.
Media is out of control.  "Freedom of Speech" does not include lying to the public or slandering someone.  Let My President do his job.
It's not everyday that a sitting President obstructs Justice in asking the FBI to lay off an individual under investigation. It's been
43 years since we had a corrupt president And it took 6 years to get that one For us to get this one in 6 months shows we are getting better
Has anyone ever heard the term innocent until proven guilty? Zero evidence of any kind against trump!
But but but Hillary
Hillary is asking for relaunching of her very special case! She'd be wise to go back to woods
Dr Strange .. Russian Collusion Is The Real Magic
No ones even seen it!!!
This is all BS! Let them investigate behind the scenes and carry on w/business as usual. It's NOT Trump hurting this country it's the media!
The lying media doesn't care about the ppl and the country...only hurting the President.  The media will take our cntry down with non-facts!
The only person "hyperventilating" is TRUMP!
"Always have the courage to be yourself" "The future belongs to the dreamers not the critics" Potus Trump speaking to crowd of 50,000 at LU
"Adversity makes you stronger. Don't give in. Don't back down. And never stop doing what you know is right" President Donald J Trump
I am so tired of all this.TRUMP IS THE PRESIDENT. Get over it and sit down an be quiet.
There wouldn't be enough electricity in DC to shock this twit back to life from passing out with excitement if this happened to HRC
They are hilarious
It would be nice to collect donations from around the world in order for the United States to create a border barrier.account opening.
Yep. I have NEVER seen MSM so emotionally & morally out of control. Smh. Its laughable. Can't believe ppl really fall for it!
Yep
This is getting ridiculous! They called us deplorable, bullies, racist, violent, and all because we voted Trump. Open Your Eyes.. It's THEM
Thank U Sen Strange 4 remembering who you R working 4 & what We The People expect of you & your colleagues! We didn't vote 4 Political games
Media and liberals going batshit  crazy
AMERICANS are ,Jackass ! We hired a sinister, incompetent lemon and were pissed
They are reporting on something they haven't even seen,and accept as true, based on blind hatred of POTUS. Ethics in Journalism is dead.
'New: Democratic Senators incl. Heinrich and Warren are calling for an investigation into Attorney General Jeff Sessions'

Outstanding news!
Two things: (1) Not media, but at least 60% of Americans; (2) It's not over a memo, but over incompetence and corrupt abuse of power.
and what is trump dioing. coward
Hhi Senator Strangenuts...Im not the media, I'm America and I want ANSWERS
When EVERYONE knows the truth, will Senator Strange have an answer for his constituents as to how the GOP let this happen?
umm no! Your serious?? Right??Most of us do NOT choose ignorance.It's not the 40's anymore.Please!
Just a question .. if there was no "Comey Memo hysteria" this week - what would the Mainstream media be covering?  More smoke screens ...
How the desperate are trying to hold on to give their donors tax breaks while those little people watching fox keep screaming help me
THIS IS TOO FUNNY WE DONT EVEN KNOW IF ITS REAL SURE ITS NOT NTY HAS A FICTION WRITER DOIN ARTICLES
They have nothing else, since Obie didn't do foreign policy, most of the MSN hacks know nothing about it, most don't know China from Korea
Ahahahahaha
They are hyperventilating because they have nothing else to grasp.
Laughable coming from a Republican
Why was the GOP doing over Hillary's emails
Totally. What's a little obstruction of justice between friends?
Ah. Big Luther. The man who got his senate seat the old fashion way: horse trading
Living up to his last name
#correction that would be you and fake foxnews 
Media=Throw everything at the wall and see if any sticks,if it doesn't,well make it up! Were the Media what's anyone going to say!#fakenews
Just because he put it in a memo doesn't make it a fact!
Media is a bunch of arrogant a--holes.  They will do anything to discredit the President.
Fox News failing the American people
I wrote myself a memo saying that I won the lottery. Can I quit my job now?
We deplorables knew the swamp was going to fight hard to keep their cushy positions.
1st, it's alleged and how do we know he just didn't write them last night.  He is a crook and has a lot of trouble with the Truth.
Americans are fed up with MSM. The majority of Americans are thrilled with a strong leader. Jobs.. Obama put us deep into debt.
@SenateGOP "Traitors!!!!"... 
Going Against President Trump!!
Trump Supporters Will Remember This!
Maybe some liberal heads will explode.
FOX News has sold their soul for ratings.  Can't  stand how their are mimicking the dark left in ruining anyone loving God.  Disgusting!
Wait until the next round of  I'm going to get into.
Remember that time (last night) @SenJohnMcCain said Trump scandals are reaching size and scale of Watergate? Yea, me too.
And Fox is the last line of defense for a criminal president. #obstructionofjustice  #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #Resist
Until the next #fakenews is out! All what the @LibDems are doing is making themselves look STUPID!!!!!!!!
Yup they need to get over it already.
Dems are setting them selves up for more disappointment....wait till seth rich murderers caught ...clue hr*
They make me want to regurgitate. Sick of it. Watching OAN for straight news. Pitiful we can't trust MSM.
never believe a man whose last name is Strange
Salivating, masturba... yeah, all that
At least the Press is alive and you are not sir.  Your character and soul left long ago.
Hyperventilating over nothing.
Trumps base is loyal to him always. They know its not his fault  if tax  or healthcare dont get done.   Its the dems and rebubs
I love it when y'all get triggered....lmao !
Yea. That's all they do. Make stories out of everything to sell news and papers. Disgusting
Media has been hyperventilating since November 8. Fox is starting to sound like CNN. JUMP SHIP TUCKER & SEAN!
Comey certainly sensed his firing was imminent. He had to know he could create a memo that would make media hyperventilate.
You Sir have a head on your shoulders and we need you guys to be working on fixing America this is why we voted for Trump #draintheswamp
the media is THE problem with America.
Who taught the left Journalism  101...Joseph Goebbles??
More like agog at the self-immolation of Trump and his subsequent whining about the temperature
We have our own "terrorists ": THE MEDIA!
After 8 years of Barry, social pollution at every level of society!!!
There sick and full of crap
LOL oh those blooming idiots they all need to go Dems (soon to be extinct) and Rino's
HYPERVENTILATING?
WTF!!!
The president intimidated the FBI director! 
It's obstruction of justice!
These people are on a level of 'sick' nobody has ever witnessed!!
Glad to see the MSM is now running our congress, be sure to check out the retirement benefits, you will need them!
This is an example of a dysfunctional Congress, no evidence, just an unverified report from the NYT
#ComeyMemo
When the elections come in 2018, we'll see who's "hyperventilating"..!
That's right boys - you've got him now. Lol
GOP a bunch of enablers.
They should be hyperventilating over the #DNCFraudLawsuit why isn't @FoxNews covering either? It's only a major party being sued for fraud.
Not just the media sweetheart...the majority of the country
Media, Leopard Smith and all the people who has nothing in their heart but spite!
Kinda like how Fox News hyperventilated over Hillary's emails which turned out to be a big nothing-burger.
Eek  you really believe that
Yep! I believe the FBI 
If this was Obama conservative snowflakes would be shitting themselves 
Wrong obama has done already
This type of blind ignorance is why we are here... Keep it up but only at your own political peril... Of course this would be on Feux News
Why be concerned about POTUS obstructing justice and leaking classified information to geopolitical rivals because he's #stoopidpotus
Fox you're main stream media too
We get it. You'd like us to leave Diamond Donny alone. You wish, 'Bama.
They've been hyperventilating since Nov 8th
