If you are as stupid as the rest of his administration God help us
Awesome!!! Our nation's farms have been suffering and they are crucial to our nation.
Yes - spending too much money managing waste and chemical use. Dump away! Who cares where! Plus clean up and sickness creates jobs!!! 
How about giving Americans that lost their corporate jobs to H1B workers farm loan opportunities in Georgia? What a joke
@PaulaEbbenWBZ He has raised EO's to appointment TV And is he ever proud each time he signs one!
Oh goodie, now they don't have to waste so much time and money properly disposing of chemicals and waste water? Dump away! Save lots there!
Are you considering more free money to farmers who don't control production costs because they have fed money to back the loss
Rural grocery stores support agriculture, help families get fresh food, AND are economic and social anchors. Help us help small stores!
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS Don't orange headed trump have the rep w all seats in congress and senate to pass laws why the exe!!!
Way to Go!!
I wonder how much Trump gets in exchange for signing the EO?
Oooooooh.  A task force!  That'll make a difference in the lives of the average joe
Please remember that ag is only a tiny sliver of what makes up the rural economy. http://www.dailyyonder.com/chief-white-house-adviser-erroneously-calls-ag-primary-driver-rural-economy/2017/04/25/19052/ …
Hey Donny and Donny, where is F*** eye Eric??? @EricTrump
Explain Lucy how one contract will be equal when economic areas are different?   Deal with each on each merit and not screwing USA.
Next financial crisis is near..I hope I never hear from my government "social security payments won't be made" before Congress no pay
REQUEST that Monsanto's GMO UNHEALTHY non-food be HALTED It's expensive for the farmers also & bad for America's health
Is He from the Purdue chicken family. I love Purdue chicken. Taste great.
Congratulations!Thank You for serving. #MAGA
@TheLastRefuge2 @POTUS please look out for small farms not owed by corporations and women farmers
Some of us in Illinois are paying close attention Mr. Secretary.
Mr. Perdue, I liked you as Governor of Georgia and wish you much success in your new position. We are lucky to have your service - again. 
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS Not likely to help to balance the huge deficit that will result from proposed corporate tax cuts...
Just another snake for the swamp.   Looks like you don't believe in blind trusts either.
What a ducking nut job. You're promoting an industry that's dominated by Big Agra and awash in subsidies. Yes!! More subsidies for big Agra
Saving America, one executive order at a time! Middle America is going to thrive!
This Rural Resident Ag Worker wants the #USDA to leave me alone to Prosper thru My Pursuit of Happiness on my Private Property. Fed Keep Out
100 days in and not able to pass one piece of legislation.failure as a negotiator
We're on our way baby keep up the good work you do. MAGA
What good work is that?
Everything
Legalize cannabis if you want to promote agriculture and rural prosperity. Your tomatoes aren't going to cut it.
And suck the motivation out of our youth
#stupidandproudtobestupid.#MAGA #imanidiot
Another worthless and ineffective Executive Order. Whoopee!
@CNNPolitics @nytpolitics
#proudtobeagavet
Willie Nelson does more for the ranchers and farmers than what  dump will ever do.
At least he can sign his name cuz he can't speak.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS. Good luck growing anything plans spraying poison on all the farming land and killing millions americ
How about one shutting down: EPA, DEA, BLM, IRS, BATFE, and using their savings to Pay the Wall, done in a week.
Another Great day in the White House!
Wonderful 
Did you mention to Donny that agriculture literally requires clean water and a viable earth? He's against those things.
Back to your stump Jr!
Now it's Officially Showstopper. Mean That!
Help the ranchers that are actively being prosecuted for their livelihoods
Let's get the Fed Out through #ArticleV #COSProject to #ReinInDC
# welcome
Sonny us here in Davisboro GA are 100% with you!!!!!  Congratulations!!!!!!!!
Oh! Thought he received his Bayer award #EarthDay #EcologySlogans
@DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS Really need 15 minutes of your time, along with @EPAScottPruitt to give Resource Provider overview.
Thank you sir, for making stupid, lazy people feel like they have a voice.

Congrats and good luck!!!
Executive orders. Remember when we had laws. Why does he hold these things up. Look mom. Ugh
Sounds good but u might wait to see if it's going to be approved by Judicial System, they are doing good work.
You mean further sell it to corporations and curtain its production processes from consumers? I guess we'll have to wait and see...
A federal court will overturn this order. Because President Trump signed it.
DRAIN THAT GOD DAMNED SWAMP DAMMIT~!
Congratulations! We  look forward to your leadership.
Jose A. Jimenez
Iowa Mexico Office
