I'm sure Alabama will get used to the extra pollution that will come with this
Let our farmers & ranchers be great producers again like the old days. America's wealth are grassroots producers. Blessings to all.
Great job Scott. Praying for you and your family. Fellow member, First Baptist Broken Arrow. Grace and Peace.
How's that northern Birmingham pollution clean up going, especially with your fossil fuel pals? @gaspgroup
Well, we're working on it. Still. Folks are ticked off!
@EPAScottPruitt should stop creating false conflicts btwn environment & jobs & start supporting frontline communities. Thank you @gaspgroup
Amen to that!
Look at all these Tweets Pruitt! You just gonna ignore all who can't stand your policies???? Or WHAT!
At least Alabama is landlocked, so they won't be the first ones underwater
Alabama has a short Gulf coast around Mobile
Better hope there aren't any more Deepwater Horizon style blowouts.
I worked an an environmental consultant in Alabama for several years. Alabama knows the need for environmental cleanup.
But god forbid a black president tells them what to do. So those regulations have to go. That's their regulatory certainty.
Back to basics means let's have no regulations and the hell with the consequences.
Is that the same government handing out $25 billion in ag subsidies and then complaining about NAFTA?
The "heavy hand" of govt needs to protect the environment from greedy corps and dumb people - that's the EPA's mandate. #DoYourJob #Shame
You obviously have no idea about the number of Alabama waterways contaminated by corporate pollution. Shame on you
Over reach is when the Government Forces citizens to buy a Product with no choices ,RFS Corn for Gas AKA Trump DC Swamp Gas Ethanol Rip OFF
Those regulations were put into place to protect people and the environment, not the businesses. #defendwater
stop GMO
Regulatory certainty=no regulation=you can no longer rely on safety of water and air, and your kids may suffer brain damage from pesticides!
Picher Oklahoma knows the reach-a-round groping hands of unregulated industry
Remember when too much regulation caused the financial meltdown? No, because it didn't. You're an embarrassment.
Hey Scott...Alabama, as a debtor state, sure does love the heavy wallet of an overreaching federal govt.
Pruitt is harming the only planet we can live on.
Heavy hand, like what?
Yours will be a legacy reviled and ridiculed by generations to follow
Small in stature short on morals and a big stain on the greatness of America!
While you were in Alabama, why didn't you and Senator Strange hold a town hall meeting? He still hasn't had one yet in his term #shameful
Alabama needs a heavy hand. @altUSEPA
What about the heavy hand of polluting industries and their puppets in the Trump cabinet - looking at you Pruitt.
Geez Scott what did they do? Seems a cheap shot to make an unsupported comment such as that
You're a fossil fuel shill. Stop pandering to industry and PROTECT AMERICA'S ENVIRONMENT! Are you deaf?! Do you even know what your job is?!
Or in other words, re-open the coal mines and put lead in your drinking water.
The only "heavy-hand" here is the Orwellian vibe to your tweets.
Environmental PROTECTION Agency. 
Try to remember that occasionally.
You are optimistic about less protection from polluters?
If you roll back established rules, and open EPA to lawsuits which you may lose, doesn't that INCREASE regulatory uncertainty?
The certainty that this corrupt government is steering us toward irreversible climate disaster? Yeah, I feel that too. #Resign
Translation: Americans in the South can't count on the government to protect their health or safety. Today, the EPA only benefits the rich.
But man is a part of nature, and his war against nature is inevitably a war against himself.― Rachel Carson
#PruittLies #EPA @RogueEPAstaff
Doublespeak: @EPA racing to repeal clean H2O rule that provides far more certainty - it's just certainly that limits pollution. #DefendWater
"I'm much smarter, slightly less ignorant, and significantly more evil than @POTUS, @USAGSessions, & @SecretaryPerry "
#WhatPruittSaid
Cut Alabama off the federal trough completely.
Hiring cabinet heads that know nothing or are opposed to their depts is causing uncertainty.
"I'm only repealing regulations because I trust you to regulate yourselves!" **Wink wink**
#WhatPruittSaid
"I am doing God's work by ensuring that you can poison people & the environment so you can make 2% more money."
#WhatPruittSaid
"If my orange boyfriend and I don't destroy the country first, everything I do will be undone in 3.5 years."
#WhatPruittSaid
"As a lawyer with no understanding of science, I think the federal govt shouldn't require farmers to produce safe food."
#WhatPruittSaid
"My belief that the federal government overreaches is code for my belief that we should dissolve into individual states."
#WhatPruittSaid
Certainty is not provided by illegally blocking a methane rule for oil & gas drilling or illegally blocking safe health standards for smog.
Looks like 5 people showed up

Which in turn goes from nitrates to nitrites, which those pesky vegetables absorb and grow into food for us to eat. Thank you farmers!
"I made up the term 'regulatory certainty.' It means 'short-term gain at long-term cost.'"
#WhatPruittSaid
Pruitt - why are you always wrong?
The vast majority of your actions as Administrator have been at best arbitrary, but more often than not capricious
What about the certainty Alabamans should feel about the safety of the air they breathe and the water they drink? #EPABack2Basics
"We're all made of chemicals, so it must be good for health to throw chemicals around willy nilly."
#WhatPruittSaid
Irregular behavior creates regulatory uncertainty. As @EPAScottPruitt's court losses pile up, industry will wonder where the certainty went.
My grandchild needs to breath the air and drink the water of the future. Your job is to be sure it is still safe.  And I am watching!
Regulations are there to protect people's health. Your job is to protect the environment, not let big business pollute.
Yes they should be free to pollute the air and water and poison people with pesticides. It's the American way!

And this is Scott Prewitt fault how? And what is your proposed solution,  because this is disgusting to me.
The certainty that you will destroy the environment
Resign.
Why??
