Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation… htt...
Hints: that's tell you the ppl who is running the USA lobby are Jew not Americans Christians . How come!
Its elementary to tell the difference between Zionists and Jews. AIPAC and affiliates use the Jew as their shield to promote their own goals
Here's is the degenerate American president
I God protect you and continue to guide you and give you strength to fight the good fight amen.
Why r u reporting to the Israels government! Are they you bosses
Awww, did u have to end your vacation early?
It is a blessing to support our allies. Thank you President Trump for standing with Israel. Many supporters in that country and ours  TY
Dear mr trump be the alien disclosure president religion is dividing humanity the truth will enlighten us we are not alone in the universe
So proud of our President and First Lady.
MORE reasons why I wud NEVER mix my successful PRIVATE @advocatehealth medical career w/ANY politics!! Told U it's a #sharktank!!

Traitor
Also, don't let him near anything with a pussy that you would prefer not be grabbed.

I'm so proud that we got a President to be proud of thank you Mr President
Nut job.



He didn't join you when you put your letter. He suspect that request in there for help not to find any collusion evidence 
Flynn is sacred AF and you haven't stopped talking to him. Y'all are both fucked.
Nice mouth....JERK!!!
No problem, asshole!
You worked for -H Says it all.....JERK AND A CROOK!!!
here is @realDonaldTrump leaving his electoral map in the western wall
Disgusting & embarrassing to see how libs mock everything.
You are better than presidential. ..drain the swamp..prove them all wrong. Praying for you and your family. Thank you!
Trolls, fade away. POTUS TRUMP is going where no POTUS before has gone. Obama was scoffed at. Trump will MAKE THE WORLD GREAT AGAIN!  MWGA!
Now are you going to give Israel American top secret information.
Before or after Melania slapped your hand away? How do you say "shade" in Slovenianian?
How can we trust a guy who's lost the faith of his own wife? Even Melania finally realizes Trump is a trash human.
Bibi and Israel now doubt Trump because of his leaking and flip-flopping. So few friends and allies left. Sad!
No I know your just tweeting crap! Kills you he's doing what Osama Obama couldn't! Left hates it so it's got to good for America!
Melania smacked away your pussy grabbing hand.
President Trump will bring peace back to the Middle East
You may want to see if you can stay overseas!  Doesn't look like @FLOTUS wants any part of you!  #cantblameher
Why did Melania brush your hand aside when you tried to hold it?
Seriously?  That's all you've got?
Stop. You're embarrassing your children. They just want to stay in the will.
Awesome grammar, First Dude - really? on behalf of myself? Where did you NOT go to school? And, also, Israel IS IN THE MIDDLE EAST! Shameful
CHINA
God bless you Mr president God bless USA ISRAEL LOVE YOU 
What the Hell's going on over there?



are the largest killers of the twentieth century over 100 million human lives killed by governments. And as far as "peace" there hasn't been
LOL
What if Melanie is the leaker?
Sorry about your approval ratings, Don.
They are gonna be WAY lower after the #MarchForTruth gets done with you.
http://marchfortruth.info 
You don't know what truth is.
Isn't it sad the same dejected Democrats troll Trump every day? If you ask me what they really need is some good therapy 
Would be nice to have health insurance cover that therapy.
Hahah, oh wait... it can't.
Thoughts and prayers  to those who lost their lives as well as the wounded in Manchester tonight.@CNNPolitics @maddow @FoxNews
- @FLOTUS Philemon 1:25
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.

"[Islam is] one of the world's great faiths." -Donald Trump 

He sure showed them! Way to call them "radical Muslim terrorists"!
Israel hates you, the United States hates you and it appears @FLOTUS does too #Resign

#Israel








Why does the MSM want to take down such a great President?
The MSM lies, unlike @realDonaldTrump who is honest
The fake news media cannot be trusted!
Finally a President of the people @realDonaldTrump
President Trump is doing a great job on his first foreign trip and the liberals are crying over here! 
We don't care if Melania swatted his hand to say "I'm fine". Married ppl who are Confident do that sometimes. You libs are hysterical!
I wonder how perfect your relationships are?
Relationships are always a work in progress....Just like our relationship with God. You strive for the best one. 
The bond between the US and Israel may be unbreakable, but we all saw Melania swat your hand away on the tarmac.
When your least favorite politician is excelling politically, just criticize him on his marriage 
Criticize which marriage? So many to choose from!
Why can't you guys stay on topic? I was talking about something that happened TODAY not 20 years ago

Melania hates you, too. #Trumprussia
Looks like you just got back from the Middle East
Thank you President Trump.
Basic grammar--it's "me" not "myself". You would think POTUS and staff could at least be literate. Probably not an impeachable offense
This is a strong man
I don't think you can speak for Mel, she clearly is not your puppet. #TrumpRussia
I'm getting so tired!! You, Flynn and then the bomb in England. TIRED!!
God Bless you and the people of your countries. Middle Easterns know how to be refined hosts!
Put up the clip of her slapping your hand away.
The New York Times has 10 million more followers than you. Not so failing huh? #failingpresidenttrump
朱松卍陈松（圣旨 ）；忠臣好人不要听信 中国民间底层坏人的造谣欺骗言行(忠臣好人要坚决做到 归还 54年公私合营 58年经租房，特别是 58年经租房 】 忠臣好人 要 坚决卖战斧巡航导弹给日本，卖潜艇 神盾巡洋舰等武器和技术给中華民國 。世界各强国联合进攻中华人民共和国，解放我
I don't think Melania likes you very much. Sought of like the rest of the world!

Mr. President Trump You Are The Best President in The History of The U.S.A. YOUR FRIEND, GLENNIE R LAWSON! THANK YOU! 

Don't you worry about Malania-be grateful for a great president trump! May just save your ass! Literally
Melania? Is that the woman who doesn't want you to touch her?
If your plane goes down my Christmas lights go up!
Why did you have to so flippant when Bennett ask to to move the embassy? You did promise to move it. Dare to be different!
Oh is this the one where she swats your lecherous hand away from her? She's like "#NOTMYHUSBAND !! LMAO
loser
One thousand words.
@POTUS and @FLOTUS leave Middle East the second time in two days!! instead of an electoral map you need a world map.
Yahweh will always fight against those who fight against Biafrans His Children.
Greatest man alive $!#$
Chalom haha
You should hold her hand
Huckabee said he coulda had a HR if he had mentioned their big celebration going on right now.
Low energy Donnie, SAD. That I can tell you, bigly.
sb
His new banner picture: praying he doesn't get impeached.
UK has open arms policy welcome everyone in & look what happened maybe now they will pass ur law here so anyone can't come in
It means more when it's sincere. Regardless of policy Trump is very sincere in these words
Omg Why bitch why
Dang Donnie, even your concubine... err... "wife" doesn't like you!
#RESIGN
Who cares, we don't blah blah blah. Fake people.
Peace through strength.
Israeli President Rivlin praises President Trump, says "America is   back".  Barack Hussein Obama, that is an insult to OBAMA FAILED LEGACY!
. All I can say! Spectacular! Amen

Glad at last to see you Mr.President reforge &restore an unbreakable bond with Israel. He who blesses Israel will be blessed.
Oh, Donald! Remember that time you tried to take assistance & health care from poor sick people to line pockets of billionaires? Silly Boy!
Melania SLAPPED your hand and rejected you. LOL.  Good job, Melania.  We're with you.
Now you admitted that the secret info you spit out to Russians are from Israel @mitchellreports on @Morning_Joe called it #WhiteHouseBlunder
Donnie, Protect Israel.
cool job every illegal worker that gets deported, gives a American a job
Great speech
If God be for us, who can be against us?
Remember when you condemned Obama's stance on peace in the Middle East & then adopted past admin rhetoric on the issue? Plz resign Sir.

how does that fucking wig stay on?
Request to @realDonaldTrump for political asylum for #GE General Electric whistleblower Seema Sapra http://seemasapra.blogspot.in/2017/05/fwd-request-to-us-president-donald_23.html … @FBI @CPDelhi
Jail for Russian colluders-no wonder Melanie doesn't want to touch you
Thanks
Beautiful speech President Trump
תודה כהוד הנשיא.
God bless you President Trump for your cordial display of kindness and support for Israel! Praying for peace!  

Why does the truth matter it is the spark that sets us apart from the animals & that's all they are animals may God's grace protect Hannity 
Very proud of our President & his wife!
Amen
Your words and voice are worse than fingernails across a chalkboard. 
ישראל עם טראמפ חזק
Loved  the way @FLOTUS swatted your scaly paws away. That's love!
Keep up the great work!
A country is nothing without a strong leader . America hasn't had a strong leader for 30 years . Thank you president Trump for being strong
Donny, they are conning a fool. And they are good at it.

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #notmypresident #humor
Will you ever stop making stupid remarks?  Because of your inept grasp of history you just said Israel isn't part of the Middle East!#read
Is that Europe behind you?
Co m munist China tyranny, mayor corupt graft bilions USD. Rap5  kidgarten young girl, make hundreds mistress, Imprison or kil1 dissident.
Hey: Remember when your wife -- sorry, "wife" -- slapped your hand away? Good times. And ... sad!
Fed up to see your ugly face Donny !
Great job Mr President
No one cares about Donald Trump.
LAME Speach punk

So proud of our POTUS! He's a gift from God that just keeps giving!! #MAGA #Sauditrip #Israeltrip amazing success!!
Dear trump. Hi. You milking Saudi Arabia, very good. I am very poor. I need one your gift that received from Salman.
Trump will likely be interviewed by Mueller.If Trump lies in an interview  based on past chances are high that he will he can be prosecuted.
You really love dictators
Finally a President not afraid to support Israel, Great job Mr. President,keep up the Good work.
But with determination and compromise … Israelis and Palestinians can make a deal.”There was no applause from the audience.
Won battle w British cause didn't like their laws bk when & we have u to keep us from becoming them now. Thank u
It feels good, selling out the world and freedom, does it!
WSnt that embarrassing when your estranged wife slapped away your hand?
Thank you for being our great and wonderful @POTUS
everybody know that they steal Palastinian and Arabs Land
Look at that beautiful and perfect hair 
Your doing a great job Mr President we are still got your back in Tennessee thank you for all you do 2020 Trump will win again
So proud of you, Mr. President!  You make America proud!!!

We were but a gust of wind away from him improvising us into a war.
Hey! How about @MELANIATRUMP slapping your hand away when you tried to hold hers?
Ur "hair" and your words and your thoughts are all just ..DEPLORABLE
You're an embarrassment to the USA. My 5th grader can read outloud better than you. Please stay out of my country.

Request to @realDonaldTrump for political asylum for #GE General Electric whistleblower Seema Sapra http://seemasapra.blogspot.in/2017/05/fwd-request-to-us-president-donald_23.html … @FBI @StateDept
#Amen #PrayingforPresidentTrump and #Israel
Mr. Prez don't expect Israeli intelligence service to tell you much. They don't trust you. Russian spy in White House! Shame on you.

