Smh
I don't trust @SpeakerRyan or @SenateMajLdr. They can't seem to work at the speed of Trump. NO AUGUST RECESS!!!
They're clearly part of the Swamp we voted for @POTUS to drain a.s.a.p! Agree on Recess... BUT can we trust them not to make things worse?
I hear ya! Ryan & McConnell keep pushing for a "better way" or some such nonsense. I want Trump's way, not theirs.
if Congress can produce a passable plan with lower premiums, they have a good chance of retaining their seats. If not, the door is open.
For the love of God can't anyone get rid of the better way garbage
When is the next election for him? Or in other words,  how much longer do we have to tolerate him?
He has another 4 years before being up for re-election.
I think if anyone wants to get re-elected in the GOP in 18, "Better Way" should NOT be in their vocabulary. No more Establishment RINOs plz.
Hopefully, rino elites are paying attention to recent election results in Mt., SC, Ga. etc. Trump supporters are paying attention & voting.
McConnell is part of the problem. Out of touch with the voters, just like Ryan. Politics at play is the flavor of the day. #draintheswamp
McConnell, like Ryan isn't offering a #FullRepeal of Obama Care! Its unacceptable to "tweak Obama Care" we want #ObamaCareGone
Hey Lou I'm from kentucky and ol Mitch is not getting my vote next go around!
I want to know WHY no one has put the following in the bill: OPTION TO PURCHASE ACROSS STATE LINES... WHY? Must not care for the people...
The Tea Party is the ONLY group of people that the Founding Fathers would RECOGNIZE as Americans.  And McConnell hates them.  'Nuff said.
You could write a whole pamphlet on that subject.
Eye rolling 
Paul Ryan has his dirty hand in this somewhere.
Congress, President Donald J Trump is President of the USA! Sooooooo,  of it!
And will be for the next 8 years
That was not the best choice of words. I hope it was not intentional.
Every time that him or Ryan use that term "better way forward", they should moon-walk.
#DrainTheSwamp plz @POTUS-Ditch the @GOP if we can't get @realDonaldTrump agenda done! Start signing more Exec Orders-Cut wasteful spending!
McConnell out of touch with am ppl
McConnell another one that needs to be fired!
Not within their intellectual capabilities either.....
The Dino-RINOs are learning they can't away with being all talk no action politicians. We will vote them OUT.
Mcconell is the SWAMP
McConnell needs to step down.
Uh oh.
remember Pelosi said we have to pass it to find out what's in it
Any time I hear "better way" ANYTHING...my blood boils!  RINO's need to get voted out of office!! @kristilade @mitchellvii @jamesbuss51
Yep! Not cool @SenateMajLdr
Aw oh
I wonder sometimes does some Senator have to show him how to get to the Chamber mornings?
McConnell like Ryan are hopeless I can not imagine how they hold on to there seats god help us if we do not have any Senators or Rep Better
McConnell just can't get the swamp water out of his system.  He is letting the Dimms run over the GOP majority.  Idiot!  Poor leader
Agree
Grandpa McConnell better get some Crap passed or his "Better Way" agenda will be left behind in the dust!  Dems don't play nice!!!
Fire him!
McConnell had better start working Trump's agenda. No vacation.
Lou we are so glad you are back from vacation! We missed you greatly!
C'mon Trump! Even I know McConnell is a snake! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #TrumpTrain
never trusted @SenateMajLdr
Mc Connell's leadership is vital now ... we will see very soon what side of the fence he is on Globalization vs Sovereignty
Any bill isn't OK- An Obamacare repeal/replace- that is a 'tax credit' entitlement is WORSE than Obamacare.. any bill NOT OK
Anything corrupt McConnel & Ryan try doing is not intended to help the people or the president.
Mcconnell is a bad omen for America, need to retire the rhino
cc
Why does Schumer always start with "in all my years I've never seen..."  needs to get his head out of sand.
Uh oh! What is McConnell's, "better way forward?" Sounds ominous!
He's a snake along with most of GOP! It's shameful how they don't stand up for @POTUS . Very telling!
Get government out of healthcare
tax credits if don't pay taxes/aren't citizens- Is open border welfare.Shifts businesses/unions pension/health care obligation to mid class
Uh oh.....

GOP wanted a park in writing Obamacare Dems wrote and passed by themselves
Apparently they don't realize they will be gone before @POTUS. U think voters in Ga & SC were rallying around McConnell & Ryan?
Dems said they wanted no part now they complain they have no part no pleasing them
McConnell is making me insane
You have no idea!
Doesn't even make sense
Brian Kilimeade, got all over the Congress, this morn, about not having any of this ready 4 President Trump! Their all 1 big party!
Must mean the RINO way forward, which is actually backwards. @POTUS Train is the true way forward.
More Love 
Just the words "Better Way" makes me cringe!
You're not really surprised  are you?
Something is wrong w MCCONNELLS PICTURE..
You would think that after Trump did Melted Candlestick McConnell a favor, and named his wife to his Cabinet, Mitch would help him out here
McCONNELL ITS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN NOT A BETTER WAY!!! IF YOU WANT YOUR JOB U NEED TO SUPPORT TRUMPS MESSAGE!! DAMN BETWEEN U AND RYAN
McConnell's trying to have his cake & eat it. He'll pass bill 2 repeal #ACA then blame @POTUS 4 bad stuff in it #Dobbs #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Not good news here people ?
Better for Doners not Americans! FREE THE MARKET! Not Insurance companies!!!
@SenateMajLdr this can't be good news.
Even pantwetting @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP know they are living on borrowed time, able 2 blame O, for O'care. After 7 Yrs; & in pwr, they OWN!
We will stop the gop from doing this no RNC donations vote them out and they can kiss our asses
Amen!
I have two wishes about healthcare Obamacare dies like it was always meant to government gets out of healthcare business. UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Oh lort! Do these damn people never learn?
We can hope.
Sounds like typical GOP no-nuts policies coming.
That's scary!
Get rid of McConnell. Useful as teats on boar hog
Damn McConnell. He and Ryan can put their "better way.." where the sun doesn't shine.
I'm reaching for the alka seltzer
Don't trust the Turtle. #HillStaycation GET SOMETHING GOOD DONE!!
Very skeptical of anything McConnell does, we will see what comes out of committee.
McConnell and Ryan are not part of the solution
McConnell is not a useable person in the task ahead. But how do you get rid of him.
Didn't Rino say that?
