When will he make a statement about the Japanese Americans incarcerated in concentration camps during WWII?
It's pretty clear he did not write that; just signed it. May have not even read it. You're asking too much of him.
No it just means more uninformed righties were fooled by him
He won't make it past the midterms. Depending on Comeys testimony this week he may not make it to Labor Day
Actually, the full impeachment process takes about 20 months. And that doesn't mean out of office
If they had him and he knew it he'd resign. The GOP with historically low approval can't handle an impeachment. They'll take Pence in a sec
If he gets over to see my old home @USSMidwayMuseum it's worth the trip.
Love our truly American President
Amen!!!
Donald Trump used his family's wealth and status to dodge the draft numerous times, using #bonespurs as his excuse. #MAGA
Maybe so but he sure is making it up now being President of the United States. He's doing more for our country and military this way.  #MAGA
Like what?
We are waiting.
America is back no thanks to Obumer.
Where did we go that we came back from?
Can't that be subpoenaed?
I'm sure the details related in the statement come from Chump's deep knowledge of history, right?
You have no soul Spicer. You poor little sycophant...
Very inspiring words from a guy who was too good to serve and lied multiple times to dodge the draft. #BulletsAreForTheLittlePeople
from who? We all know he can't write even remotely that well.
Trump is a draft dodger-
*if
Plagiarizer
Oh yeah he signed it but he didn't write it. He's not that informed
Save your life and your soul & resign while you still can!
Clearly not written by Trump.
It would be nice if it was his actual words & NOT someone else's Hell he didn't even dictate it. Anyone can tell it's NOT from our president
You have to be exhausted.
It's not a ban but a ban. Potus said it's a ban but not a ban ban like you guys mean. It's a ban like in the sense of a ban, but not a ban
bannon, miller and putin had trump remove article five reference from NATO speech. America beware, GOP heading tward a Russian gvt for USA
Please he has no idea about scarifying anything he was to busy crying to Daddy to keep him home
Like he even knows what it was
Who explained what the battle of midway was to Trump?
Honoring vets is 1 thing (I am a vet) but to take time to tweet this during  a time when America is waiting for answers = disingenuous. 
Also on this day:   1912 – Massachusetts becomes the first state of the United States to set a minimum wage.
You gonna provide history lessons on twitter now, to create more distractions, #Spicey?  #FailingPressSec.
Take note of this date:  6/8/17 One suspects it will be a hard day for you and all other #TrumpToadies.  You know that date?
Meanwhile we are wondering if you will resign, be fired, or go down with the ship. Which will it be, @PressSec?
What about the TRAVEL BAN?  POTUS is coming unglued.  Get out while you can!
Come on! You know he has know idea what that means.
Yeah sure dumb Donnie wrote that?? He probably thought it said Broadway!
Hey tell walking outhouse can't WAIT for Thurday
I am so thankful that this administration finally got a semi good writer for the prez, glad he did not write this because he does not get it
What the fuck would he know about the BATTLE OF MIDWAY 
HE AVOIDED THE DRAFT
& HE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT HISTORY
hi
Sean Sean Sean....take the summer off
  Send out your CV.  This place is not for you
As if @POTUS would be able to write something like that without Ritalin 
Great writing sean.  Please don't let him try and pawn this off as his own. #plagiarism
Like he even knows what that is!
Who wrote this for him? Because we know he's barely able to read.
I'll bet @realDonaldTrump had to research this since he thought it was the 75th Anniversary of a fight at Midway Airport!
My grandfather fought in the Battle of Midway, this is a great! Thank you.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Ask him where midway is. 
You know damn well Trump did not write that! Too many words for his 5 year old brain to grasp. Stop lying for the con artist, Mr. Spicer!
Who wrote it for him?
Who wrote that? Not Trump thats for sure!!
He woulda chickenshitted his way out of that war too
Guess he wrote this at the ninth hole on his golf course today?
But we part company on the World's environment.
Never Forget 

Spicey Fully Supports Trump:

 Praising Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens
  on Allies who DIED defending the US
Who wrote that for Donnie? The only midway he knows about is his snake oil tent at the carnival
No fing way he wrote this. He thinks Midway is how far his golf cart gets before the springs collapse from carrying his fat ass.
If Donald hadn't dodged the draft he could have displayed bravery in Viet Nam.
Trump didn't say that. No really, he didn't.  Trump doesn't use sentences and he is illiterate in history. Y R U still there?
Thank GOD we have a real President. @POTUS
Such a sad, sad Spicy
To pretend that Trump knows anything about history is laughable at best. Other rec Pres did understand our history. Did he even read this?
Let's talk about Today.  Donnie playing golf today.  He could careless about 75year ago.  Remember he is  “DISQ”.
Mr President thank you for remembering our history this was a great battle fought by great men and woman new threat isis destroy them now !!
My dad fought in the Battle of Midway, I would just as soon the draft dodger keep his mouth shut about it.
Thank you for honoring our military! They are the very best of us!
Will he be acknowledging that June is Pride Awareness month?
You have got to be kidding...what the hell..Trump comes out with this????
OMG, this is the real Spicer - I kept waiting for it to be funny! 
Sean, I reall enjoy your press-conferences.
Whats with Potus cellebrating every battle and soldier yet he was a draft dodger and invites fellow draft dodgers to the white house?
It's not in crayon, and it uses complete sentences and big words. Who wrote it for Holster?
@PressSec Funny since he is dismantling the global structure & vision that was achieved in that war. A structure that made USA a superpower.

Trump Stupid At Its Finest

Trump Puts NO ONE In Charge of NOAA or FEMA As Hurricane Season Just Arrived!
who wrote this ? not DT
He probably doesn't even know what Battle of Midway is about. Sick and fool President.
My Dad was there and always talked about the gooney birds trying to get out of the way!
Statement from Trump??? He has no clue what battle of midway is
He had Ted Nugent to the WH Sean - what kind of man do u work for ? he is an embarrassment to our country #hypocrite
We need to quarantine any or all possible terrorist enclaves in this country and get them the heck out of here. Since the travel ban hasend
Is that a real battle or made up?
He never even heard of the Battle of Midway.
Why do you tweet crap that this President obviously had nothing to do with writing?
Pleeze save it, he's a draft dodger.
Finally all our questions have been answered Sean.  Not.
Is he mad at Japan now? Or did he not even read this?
Trump never wrote that, and never read it. WWII was just an event the Trump family didn't attend along with every other war or conflict
yeah like trump actually knows any history. give me a break.
No way he wrote that. Didn't say "Jap losers" once. Nor did he call on allies for greater contributions to some fictional NATO bank account.
Shame on those who criticize the President here. This is not the place. This is where some of our greatest heroes are remembered. #midway75
He's golfing. For the second time today. GOLFING.
How's that Russian thing going? 36% is the latest approval.
Sad how many "Americans" show no respect to our president. President Trump is great for America!
Respect is earned. Con Man Trump deserves no respect at all, not last year, not now, not ever!
You have no respect for yourself, saying things like that. You should be ashamed.
Yeah, I'm going to go out on a limb here and say @POTUS has no idea what happened at Midway. LOL
don't get it - why this long press release &nothing or so little for recent events?  This admin is nuts - I used to be fairly level-headed
Shut up! Quit trying to make him look good! It's not working! You are embarrassing yourself!
Hopefully someone made sure to clarify what the Battle of Midway was and it's historical relevance for him.
So when do we start replacing our history textbooks in favor of these?
Easy for those who didn't serve and dodged the draft to make speeches when they were too cowardly and unpatriotic to put themselves at risk!
Sean did you write this?
Awesome!
Oh please.....does anyone even believe he's ever heard of the Battle of Midway?
How dare you! Trump has lived the Battle of Midway. He saw the movie twice. He has also filled up on candy and fried treats on the AC Midway
Battle of the fairway is more like it...where was he again all weekend?
I don't even have to read it to know it's full of shite.
Yup, back when the world stood together to fight evil.  You know, before Trump and his isolationist agenda.
This from a "DRAFT DODGER".....laughable
POS 
How are his bone spurs?
Today's BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Miles completed yesterday-- Zero; Miles completed since Inauguration--Zero. NEXT UPDATE TOMORROW.
Wow he gets Alot done while golfing huh??
I love Midway, much more convenient than OHare, believe me.
Trump can't write
well done, team.  just a single page.  Lotsa big words for @POTUS tho.
Many of our past Presidents could have written that letter without help. Our current President doesn't even know what or where Midway is.
Well we sure know who didn't write this.
What a load of covfefe, you know he has no idea what the battle of midway was.
What about remembering our allies from World War II?
I'm sure he knew what that was...... I'm positive he still doesn't.
Potus suddenly knows how to write.
He's having enough struggle with the present. Maybe don't try with the history. K thx.
When this is over, you're going to have to spend the better portion of your life extricating your soul from @realDonaldTrump 's tiny hands.
God bless President Trump!
The battle of Midway victory was due to relentless Navy pilots; warriors with unwavering courage who ruined any hope by Japs of winning WW2
and.. nothing has changed in selection and training of the world's best fighter pilots-except the number of Navy pilots. We need more now!
Im surprised @realDonaldTrump  didn't defer this message 4 times and then claim an injury to b get out of it
Somebody tell where midway is .....he probably thinks it's in oregon
Handing out pieces of paper.  Is this what it has come to for you, Sean?
Hi Sean: Could U advise, I'm trying to send Confidential biz info to Trump & admin. Pls advise best mailing address & phone #? Tks, TX Lady
Did U enjoy the movie? It's 1 of my favorites Too! Very informative
Your boss is an ahole. The more you try to normalize the horseshit that comes from his piehole, the bigger an ahole you become. Resign.
We ALL know he didn't write this.  He doesn't have the brains to write like this.  Besides, he's too busy making our allies our enemies.
Did he issue this statement from a sand trap on the 9th hole? #draftdodger
Does he even know what the Battle of Midway was or even what war it occurred in? NO!
We couldn't have done it without the allies you just turned your back on.
Trump give you your balls back or what ?
How do you explain the nonsensical Trump tweet being posted for 5 hours with no reaction/response by WH staff? Do you find that disturbing?
Meaningless.  He had no idea.
,45 did not write this...he can't
Read or write!
I wonder if Trump knows Midway Atoll is a US territory?
Im sure he never heard of it b4 now. He's clueless, Especially with American history.
This President is a joke. Good grief. Poor you to work with a deranged man. I feel sorry for you at times but you suck up to the swamp.
Did he write this from his golf course while lining his pockets with our tax dollars?   Does he know what the Battle of Midway was?
Nothing like words from a draft dodger… The heroes of midway deserve better.
That idiot couldn't state that in a million years, hell he probably couldn't even read that out loud
FFS Sean, can't you get a decent job anywhere else?! What kind of degree do you need to fertilize the U.S. with the bullshit you pass along?
Did he hurt his #FakeBoneSpurs saying this statement?
Treasonous chimpanzee. The sooner he ends his term on earth the better we all will be. He is the WORST POTUS EVER. PERIOD.
You're expecting us to believe he knows anything about the battle of midway?  You have the worst job ever.  Run Sean, RUN!!!
We all know the Trump did not write that. Who did?
He didn't write this.
He didn't/couldn't read it.
He didn't even sign it.
He was playing golf.
Stop trying to pass off  as air freshener.
He didn't write or say this. Too ignorant and uneducated to say anything meaningful. Trying to distract fr his insult to UK.
Did you know people who take selfies tend to be psychotic? Maybe just maybe he's at least smarter than you.
Share stuff in a higher resolution for fuck’s sake
So very glad to have a real American as President and not the domestic terrorist Kenyan any longer.  Can we get him in a prison cell ASAP?
Bowling Green?
Donald knows nothing about history. Who really created that statement? Here is today's alternative fact: http://furrymike.blogspot.com/2017/06/alternative-fact-june-4-2017.html …
You really believe any president in the past 20 years wrote any of their speeches, or letters? Get a life and stop bashing my president.
Love the Midway.
Thank you President Foot Bone-Spur Deferment but who still played sports in college.
Amazing that we have a president that never lets America forget those important battles of our past!
DUDE CANT YOU SEE YOUR GONE SOON
#GodsChosen
He didn't really write this, did he?
Does it sound to you like he wrote this?  What a joke pffff
From a golf cart amazing!
God bless our military men and women - both active and veterans. So many sacrifices and so many hearts that are heavy from loss.
The documented history deserves remembering.  You and the POTUS are nothing but bullshit...
Who cares what the Chicken In Chief has to say about the brave heroes that fought that battle. Those men did not get deferments. #BoneSpur
One Million dollars says he didn't write this or even know that Midway was something other than an airport in Chicago!
I am 100% confident Trump had never heard of the Battle of Midway until someone wrote this for him and told him to sign it
none of #maninthewhitehouse's family have served in the military when our country was at war starting with his grandfather #familyofcowards
Love our President!  
