GOP Senator Proposes Transferring Sanctuary Cities’ Federal Funds to Border Wall Budget http://bit.ly/2u4boze  
Fear mongering doesn't help when all the attacks are coming from domestic terrorists.
You should go live in border towns for a month and then come back and comment
Which border town do you live in exactly? Last I checked, NJ wasnt' anywhere near one.
I have friends who live in border towns, and I have traveled to some of those states as well... you????
Don't believe the bull.
Really???? Maybe you should get out more!
Maybe you should broaden your selection of news sources.
Just stop, if don't see the border and illegal immigration as a problem, you should broaden your sources. Moving on....
I love your idea, to transfer the Federal Funds that would go to Sanctuary cities to go for building the wall.
17 people were shot at an Arkansas night club last night, but lets ignore gun violence some more. #StrangerThings
So why are the cities like Chicago with strict gun laws suffering from highest murder rates?
You are as much of a bigot as Sessions.  Both little, scared men.
Agreed
Don't become this man. Stop now and focus on what AL really needs: educ. & infra. for jobs; better HC for ALL!
"NO SANCTUARY SHITT PITT LEFT BEHIND"
People should vote to have that politician & people who hire them held accountable for everything illegals have done.
XACTLY
Wow, your buying the Trump kool-aid by the barrel arnt you? Scapegoating and fear mongering #GOP stock n trade.
great idea Senator, ignore the crybabies. Give them their hot chocolate and play dough 
I like mine with a bit of JD,  im guessing you like yours with marshmallows and sprinkles. 
TerriEllen....keep guessing!
 dont care.

Your meds dear, forgot to take them?
Terri Ellen are you drunk? It's a bit early don't you think!
Planing 2 built  wall around every single person? How about those 20 kids in Sandy Hook? Aurora, Co, Hospital in NY?
Liberals want their votes.
 not common sense?!
17 shot by an American in a nightclub last night in Arkansas.
Exactly. He's only concerned about keeping out people who he perceives as different.
If they are here illegally those are crimes that are preventable.
No reputable news source refers to people as "illegals". Wherever you got that from is vile.
What is vile is coming to America illegally and committing these heinous crimes!!
I feel terrible for you. You're obviously very scared. We need reform, but you're in no more danger from an immigrant than an American.
Stop reading the crime porn and start L-I-V-I-N'.
Love your idea about the money to go to the wall. Instead of sanctuary  cities if they refuse to protect  Anericans
Why isn't Robert Bentley campaigning for you?
You are indeed strange, Senator.
GREAT IDEA!
What a joke. You believe in the wall? You think that solves it? I expect no less from you.
.@SenatorStrange I'd say 11,738 before #buildthewall > #guncontrol. Also, there's no mex border in AL. #GetYoLearnOn #StopTheToddlers
And just what is Luther doing to curb the scourge of armed toddlers? "Guns don't kill people. Toddlers do."
Honestly, do you think they won't get here any other way! Watch National Geographic channel, and wake up! Ps I'm not voting for you!
So some will get in anyway, why not throw the doors open and walk away
The wall will not stop anyone, it will just cost you and me and everyone you look at day by day lots of cash!
Put your head in the sand, everything will be OK
What % of Americans kill Americans.  Everyone was and is an immigrant. Just get rid of the guns.

People do not mind legal immigration from anywhere. Politicians created this mess and they should be held accountable for killings & taxes
No! No federal money for a stupid wall. Give it to education, roads. Alabama needs that more than a wall.
Great Idea! Build the Wall eliminate problems in our future!
Sounds like a great idea to me.
How many innocent American lives are you willing to take by taking their healthcare? #NoTrumpcare #BCRA #SaveMedicaid
@DailySignal Yes. Then the immoral #SanctuaryCities won't need funds. We are just reallocating resources.
Great idea...
Yes transfer those funds!
Oooo I like this idea!
Not near as many as will die without healthcare
Yep!
This is so unamerican
Great idea!!
Those States who refuse the voter roll request too!!!!
Great idea. Sanctuary cities should be paid for directly by the governors and people who want them not by the whole nation. Transfer funds
Now we're starting to make sense
Its has to be close to genocide then they might say hey wait a minute something is wrong here. But the still will do nothing
ABSOLUTELY, IF THESE SO CALLED SANCTUARY CITIES, REFUSE THE RULE OF LAW...CANCEL ALL FEDERAL FUNDS "NOW" !!!
One more thing that California will just sue to block
Great idea! Keep up the good work, the American people support you!
Excellent suggestion

Fantastic suggestion!
Build the wall
tell that to native  americans, lands stolen, near genocide, still happening today
The same question can be asked about appropriate healthcare. I suppose.
Illegal invanders don't belong here. They are not protected by the US Constitution. Hiding them is not compassionate, it's TREASON.
Rid the vacation homes In Cancun They will get enough Monies To afford Two Homes While here Our homeless hurting Others there Taxes flirting
Stop the bullshit propaganda! How many innocent #Americans murdered by guns before #GOP stops taking money from NRA?
It's already been too many
I agree.
Excellent idea!
I agree with you senator, take the money from the sanctuary cities
That's an idea we all can get behind.
Excellent idea. GOP should support it.
Not so strange that someone appointed to fill Jeff Sessions senate seat would have strange and bizarre views. Donny ReTweet has a new bud
Trump said Mexico  was paying.. are you saying he lies?
Agreed
1 man died in the Colonial Pipeline explosion in a stage 4 drought. W/o regulation, it could have been Helena. Your solution: gut the EPA!
Good idea.
crime down in phoenix arizona DUE to sanctuary status being lifted. MAGA!
Build the wall
How many innocent Americans lives must be lost before you stop promoting  those insane gun laws
Love it
Great idea sir! Please make it happen! Happy July 4th!
Well said, and what a great idea on using funds for wall.
I care more about affordable healthcare, clean water, net neutrality, and Russian hacking
Because you're a snowflake that still doesn't see the major Russian ties of the Obama admin
Great idea!!!
Build the wall!!!
MAGA
Love the idea Senator, but we're still going to vote in Brooks or Moore to replace you bc we haven't forgotten how u became a senator! #RINO
I don't know. Let's pay illegals 190 grand like sf.
Why are you allowing voting machines unregulated? Kobach to steal private data? Protect us from election interference!  #DefendDemocracy
This is the most common sense thing I have seen from a Senator in a long time.
Just get it done!
Yet guns are killing hundreds daily...... such BS.
Great idea
Republican logic:

A few immigrants commit crimes - build a $25B wall.

Hundreds of kids killed by gunmen - who gives a fuck?
Great idea! Please start with Sanctuary City New Orleans!! Crime here is soaring and corrupt Dem Mayor reduced Police Force by hundreds!
So, a reduction in federal funds will help how?
That's rich coming from a pres who don't release tax returns.
I meant doesn't
Senator, stop the canard that current policies and practices are insufficient. This is gross politics.
San Francisco just paid an illegal criminal 190k.  What a joke.
Exactly!! Totally agree with you!! Wake up clueless lefters!!!
Build a wall around those toddlers
A great idea Senator
I thought that was a done deal
#BUILDTHEWALL SO WHAT IF Cali & SanFran help pay for it ..  LoL .. Outta frost their coconuts
It's a waste of money you dummy. It will take them no time to tunnel through. How bout we electrify the fence we already have & fix roads.
The Dems are too busy acting like angry children portraying a parent to be insane.  They protest too loudly.
Build The Wall
excellent idea.I am sure the pro sanctuary libs will go into meltdown over their illegal ways paying for the wall.
Some people don't really care about American lives anymore. That's why the rain needs to wash CA away....and fast!
You do realize that California is in the United States don't you???
I like it!  Give the cities credit for helping fund the wall.  Great idea!  Let's get it done.  Thanks
33,000 Americans die of gun violence every year, how much money has your campaign taken from the NRA?
That's what  I've been wondering Senator.  Do people not realize many of these people come over here to KILL us? .....
 A fellow Alabamian.
What a great idea!
How many innocent lives will be lost if the dreadful #BCRA passes? Time to work on a #bipartisan fix to our #HealthCare problem #FixACA
Drop aca and govt get out of health insurance business
Brilliant!!!
Hey budget in deaths by illegals.  As long as they're under budget they don't really care.
We are smarter than this! We use critical thinking. Will vote w our critical minds. Need our elected officials to do the same. #alpolitics
How many more days till you are no longer my Senator?
Stop talking and Make it happen!  Support Trump's agenda now!
More people are killed by accidental shootings. Fear mongering from the right rings hollow.
Can you apply this question about innocent lives to your BCRA bill?   I think the estimate is 10's of thousands will die if that passes.
