Idiot
Look at the bots brought in. We totally agree with you! He deserves it.
If by 'bots' you mean thinking humans who disagree with you, then yes, we are here in full force. Thanks for noticing! Have a great day.
You feeling like a bot?
You just lost my vote in your Senate bid.
Trump will NEVER be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize....he isn't respected on the global stage.  Maybe nominate him to serve as NASCAR honorary race official.....that's a better fit.   #ShitHolePresidency
Are you the guy who failed to disclose two DUI convictions?

Did your staffers not describe the process to you? Here - it's laid out on their website: https://www.nobelprize.org/nomination/peace/index.html …
Moon didn't say Trump SHOULD win it, he said Trump can have it because President Moon thinks having peace IS the prize and he'd rather have peace than an award. He's not a glory hound like Trump.
Yeah, #ItsMuellerTime

When are you getting kicked out of office? Soon, I imagine
"momentum"
Oh please, your nose is so far up his ass I’m surprised you can breathe! What’s he giving you to nominate him??? Really what???
Thumbs down to that.
What excitement?  Don’t mistake revulsion for excitement.  You could not care less about your country, that you show it such disrespect.  You are despicable.  Just like your boss.  Shame on you.
45's role w/ North Korea has been threatening Kim Jong Un & calling him names. Really think that's worthy of a Nobel Peace Prize? Do they give one for Bullying now? You & your GOP colleagues in Congress are a disgrace. Resign or we *will* vote you out. Your choice.


Nobel panel probably will not be impressed since Trump also threatened war with NK and Iran, ramped up military conflict in Syria and cannot get the lights back on in Puerto Rico months after hurricane.
What about Andrew Jackson....people are noticing him more and more? He has been doing great things.  Getting noticed!
Trump must have something on you for you to act like a fool and think this farce up.
Are you drunk?!

Uhh.  South Korea's Moon was offered the Nobel Prize. It was more of LOL @realDonaldTrump can have it.

Idiots.
Are u kidding. This corrupt piece of garbage with no morals? So I guess voldermort is next?
Give it to Kim

If a Nobel is to be awarded because all goes well with N. Korea, the South Korean president deserves it not Trump. 
Moon Jae-in was the level headed when Trump & Kim Jong-un were talking about who's button was bigger.
Stop trying to make fetch happen.
That's not momentum. Those are called "'bots".
Yea you got a whole 24 likes on that. lol... that’s some momentum buddy.
Since when are you on the nomination committee
Gosh, Messer. You really are desperate.
Be careful riding the trump train. When it crashes, it may take you with it.

What an embarrassment you are to Indiana.

Looks like you are that idiot who spikes the ball after making two yards on the first play of the game. If this is an example of your judgment, You're not the man Indiana needs.
Maybe a Noble Pee Pee prize, for his work with Russian hookers.
This is so silly.  The Nobel Committee is an EXTREMELY Liberal and political group based in Sweden.  It does not matter what he does or how many times he is nominated.  He will never win the Nobel Peace Prize.
Are you Effing kidding me? Trump lies constantly, insults & bullies EVERYONE who doesn't kiss his fat white posterior. He attacks people exercising their 1st Ammendment Rights. He embraces & spreads false conspiracy theories. He's done nothing but divide this country. #Idiot
What a joke. He supports regimes with human rights violations and insults individuals who don’t agree with him. No prize for him
Omg are you for real?????  I didn’t know they give the  award  for sleeping with dirty porn stars.  Btw even John Kelly said Trump is an idiot.  Lol.  #DelusionalGOP
Lol...are you f**king kidding me?  He has done nothing...nothing at all.  President Moon deserves the Nobel if peace is truly achieved.
#BananaRepublican
What exactly did he do to bring the koreas together?  From where i sit. N.and S. Korea did this on their own.  Rep. Messer, i am voting against you with joy, YOU ARE THE SWAMP!
You’re embarrassing yourself again...
WOW @jack @TwitterSupport How many bots were sent in?
Can't speak for anyone else but I can assure you I'm not a bot. You'll know by my vote for @SenDonnelly this fall.
So, the petulant brat having a tantrum and swearing at everyone, finally sits at the table (unprepared) and you want to reward them with a prize? That’s bad parenting Lying Luke.
Lol.....no.
Did you read the news today?  Might be a little premature #BrownNoser @HouseGOP @indianagop
You are out of your ever loving mind. There is no way Trump deserves the Nobel, but go ahead and see what it gets you. 
If he wants a peace prize, he better stay in the Iran agreement
Ah...No
Treason much?
Delusional.
