Wow, it’s amazing how quickly @RepLukeMesser became a laughingstock in America.  He is truly clueless.
Wow, have the requirements changed for the Nobel Peace prize? You have nominated our  racist in chief whose greatest achievement thus far is inciting   hate and bigotry in our country.  You have no conscience!
#replukemesser just one question...Do you swallow after kissing trump's privates, or do you rinse your lips & mouth first??? #replukemesser #lukemesser makes #Indiana / #Indy PUKE!!! Just "SAY NO" to little lukey!
Unlike the @gop and @realDonaldTrump, the Nobel academy has high standards. Trump will never get close to the Peace prize if the Nobel literature prize is any indicator:
LOL. He won't get anywhere near the Nobel Peace prize, idiots. #TrumpSexualAssaults
Yes he does #maga

Donald J Trump Liar In Chief President Of The United States DISGRACED
LOL #VichySquad Have you ever seen a bigger group of groveling, sycophantic, sniveling Vichy toadies? Holy crap.


What is the IQ of RepLukeMesser?



Unless president David Dennison bribes someone there is no way this authoritarian man-baby is getting a Nobel prize.
I'm in your congressional district and am appalled by you. I guarantee I'll not only not vote for you, but if you win the primary I'll work for your opponent Donnelly. Guaranteed.
thanks to Putin and if you kept up with news out of the kremlin you would know that Putin began this process last October.
A bit premature, don’t you think?
North Korea has a long history of buying time by pretending to acquiesce to the demands of the United States and its allies, and then going rogue.
This makes me sick.
You must be crazy He is the worse president  ever Anyone who stands by Trump and praises him can not possibly  be honest, trustworthy, As Fox and Friends  are holding on tight they are out of time Luke Messer  as an elected official your lies =@fedprision
@POTUS Yes, he does! Rep. Messer, Will you Please Get the Monkey Off of the President's Back! DAG Rod Rosenstein must be Fired or Impeached Immediately! The DAG's comment on "The Dept. will not be Extorted" to Congress is a Firing Offense per Atty. Joe diGenova a day or two ago!
The Nobel Peace Prize needs to go to an honorable person. NOT Trump.  This is on your shoulders Mr. Messer.
Aren't you and your poli-tribal buds so funny Messer. Fortunately you and your tribal GOP buds DO NOT have any say in the Nobel and secondly, are you ever going to be embarrassed and called out when your peace prize vote - GOES TO FEDERAL PRISON!




Are you INSANE?  The USA is as divided as North and South Korea.  Who did that?  Your nominee.  Disgusting beyond belief.
This alone should be enough for people to think of him as a disgrace
Wow, if you have time to put together a Nobel prize  application that you KNOW won't be accepted because it's weeks after the  deadline just so you can suck up to your ego-driven chief, your  constituents are paying you too much. #NotNobel
#fakenews
A tweet I received from a Korean: Do you think the Pentagon, #Neocons and @realDonaldTrump have realised yet #NK have #Checkmate?
If the #US will remove it's #Nukes (and I'm guessing its Military bases) from #SK - #NK will get rid of its #Nukes
As I said #CHECKMATE
My response: Well dear, it is far from checkmate yet. In addition, if nukes start flying the entire World loses if not dies all together.
They are playing him. He SO does not deserve the Nobel Peace Prize! You insult the American Public and the World with this insanity. Shame on you people.
Unfortunately that award has been severely compromised, just like other awards.
Help us Jesus.
Trump to be nominated for Husband of the Century for paying $130K to  a stripper so as to not upset his wife with lewd details of his adultery.

These 3 prisoners need to be quarantined before getting home.  No with Potus!
You know trump is getting impeached & Messer is going to Hell politically & in real time as well.

#ImpeachedPotusWalking
He deserves. The gratitude of the American people
Is there an award for adultery. For lying. For bullying. Trump gets the hat trick then
#subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump
DT deserves the Nobel for negotiating a challenging and historic event...making the world safer...bringing together the leaders of Korean Peninsula, where the north has been trying to get nukes for over 50 years! His work influenced millions of people, gave the world hope! Go DT!
And President Trump's goal is also peace between the Palestine and Israel, thought impossible, but now makes you wonder if that is possible
Ain't he great!

His prize is peace. I love that
Almost choked on my Kix cereal when I read that. They don't give the Peace Prize to a dictator want to be. If Trump does receive the prize, which he won't, it should be shared with Kim Jung Un. Now wouldn't that be hilarious. A  lying, racist, sexual predator and mass murderer.
Trump only deserves a Pee-Pee prize!
I thought tRump believed in peace through twitter rants??
All honest people will feel the same way
Let’s face it, he’s a god. He told me so.
Not if Stormy gets a vote
Na, give to the Doocy along with cookie....
Yes Sir.
Hey gonna get a "piece" prize from Stormy & Avenatti
This dude is a sycophant. Nobel committee looks at the whole of the person. They won't give it to a racist, pathological liar, conspiracy theorist, attacks his own FBI daily. Calling countries shitholes. Devider,  demolishing civil rights. Took health care, Tax Scam. Really Fox
When Trump and Kim meet, I think it would be a very positive start and set a good tone if they tousled each other’s hair.
Donald Trump: One of the Best United States Presidents EVER..
Trump sheep are so funny
He certainly doesn't deserve the Nobel Prize of honesty... #StormyDaniels
Stormy is nothing more than a shiny object for Trump—nothing illegal about her—keeps MSM and Libs frothing at the mouth while he get things done!
Unless he "funneled" the money from the campaign funds...
For the past 1 1/2 yrs the Left has been praying Special Counsel to find SOMETHING/ANYTHING to bring Trump down! There is nothing there! Promise you Trump did not pay out of Campaign Funds! Focus on the good he’s doing, stop the madness!
Now if he would only impose equal sanctions against Russia.

Btw if he pulls out of the Iran Deal goodbye Nobel.
fortunately GOP Puppets do not get to officially nominate anybody
I think he should build a golf course in North Korea first , then Korean lago .
North Korea got the nuclear capabilities they have always wanted. The now gave missiles that can strike us.  They have no need to test anymore. They accomplished what they set out to do. Trump didn't do anything.
This president can’t be trusted, I’m still waiting to see his taxes he promised to show.  So was 45 nominated by republicans for the 2019 year? I’m confused I thought Feb was the cut off for nominations.
For breaking the Iran deal?
I thought conservatives were against participation trophies.
Said it all along!

In a matter of 48 hours, we’ve learned the president of the United States deceived the American public about his health in the 2016 campaign and about engaging in a scheme to pay off a porn star to silence her during the campaign
North Korea's testing site imploded after their last launch. If they tried again, it would be suicide. OF COURSE they want "peace", they no longer have a nuclear defense system. How about nominating trump for the "Profound Grasp of the Obvious" prize instead?
 Resign=World Peace

Nobel don’t do a prize for Twitter, Morons.
What bull!
REMINDER
TRUMP TV - VIEWER DISCRETION IS ADVISED. broadcast is for viewer pleasure only. Network is void of a moral compass and not FACT based. Enjoy at your own risk.

I hope he does as Rudy said to do on Hannity lastnight... if they do give it to him, he tells them to "SHOVE IT."
If Obama got it (for WHAT I do NOT know)...Trump CERTAINLY deserves it!  Bye trolls! Find another purpose for your lives....***yawn***

In a nutshell! 

Fool....but then again they only give this price to liberals..trump fits that.
Counting chickens before they hatch.  All could fall through with one Trump tweet.
Luke, you are such a dipshit. Donnie gets impeached and evicted. You get a shitstain legacy.
Peace through being a bullish world police.

Rudy Giuliani just...came out and...said it.
Hannity's reaction is fucking gold.

I'm really loving this season of "Stupid Watergate".
…
Nobel Was first floated by...Russian Trolls. Thanks for making it known what side you are on Luke.

Trump acknowledges lawyer reimbursed after Stormy Daniels payment https://wapo.st/2KxaH9V?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.0515b3393b5c …

'This president will not serve out this term. I guarantee it.' -@MichaelAvenatti 
NOTHING HAS BEEN ACCOMPLISHED!
I do believe you have lost all your marbles.
Maybe he will get a prize for being a Nobel prisoner. Let’s nominate him @gop.
Again, seems like one of those days where you should cover deadly pandas or some shit
Not by kissing ass for peace!
I agree that Trump is a real PIECE
Bullshit....moon ..
Really? Just really?
https://www.fec.gov/help-candidates-and-committees/handling-loans-debts-and-advances/personal-loans-candidate/ … 
Everybody wants a trophy nowadays
I don't they haven't revealed what they negotiated with and What the United States has to pay out...yet!!!
