He’s being played on the world stage making America look foolish
According to you!! Hes my President and very happy at that!
You’re talking about the guy that said at the UN:
“We will have no choice but to destroy both Korea”

...and
“North Korea better not make anymore threats or they’ll be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen”

Nope!
But instead will be the biggest blunder in history as Kim will play games with him. That's assuming he's still the president by May 
Trump doesn’t need that #false Nobel Peace  
So now the Nobel Peace Prize is fake news? Cool, just trying to keep track.
Put the kool aid down and step away from Twitter. There is not a peaceful bone in DJs bone spurred body. Donnys fetishes are:  porn stars, bullying and dictators so of course he wants to meet him..
How embarrassing for you to say this.
Ha, Ha, Ha. Funniest thing I've heard today. If North Korea decides to disarm, it will be in spite of liddle donnie, not because of him. I will give him credit for drawing together countries in their mutual disgust with America. His bullying tactics are not working.
Really playing to the base, aren't we Luke? You do realize Putin has been playing Kim Jong Un, too, right?  But always a good idea to kiss the butt of the most unpopular "President" in US history.
I have not spoken with North Korea either, so I am extremely excited to possibly be receiving the Nobel Peace Prize!

Nobel Peace Prize is not a Pez Dispenser.
Have you been Drinking or smoking Pot?
Um, @RepLukeMesser. North Korea has the #PeePeeTape. Shut up.
You might want to look up what Conservatives said about Obama meeting. Are you really this ignorant Lying Luke?
racist
I just vomited. You must be quite low functioning.
lol, you're a bigger clown than trump
You really want him badly, don’t you?
Does that prize also include the time, on camera,  that he mocked a reporter with a disability?  It should have ended right there. Shame on you people who let that incident go. He deserves nothing short of impeachment. GET OUT.
Donnie so desperate to prove better than Obama. His insecurity is pathetic. He will never receive the validation he seeks and on his tomb will be written that he was the worst president of the US. That will be his legacy. Should have stayed a failed businessman.
Unfortunately it seems to be another Kim Jung-un trick in which the Trump administration can naively fall, desperately trying to prove to be better than Obama.
I think you will regret saying this.
Indiana, please do better in November. I am a left leaning NY-er who has voted for Republicans in the past and red states have got to do their bit in choosing better conservatives for the sake of all of us. Diff views are good, this crop of corrupt, hypocrite republicans is not.
You can’t be this ignorant. Read something other than right wing propaganda. Trump is getting played again and trying to play his zombies. https://www.armscontrol.org/factsheets/dprkchron …
And if pigs could fly...

Actually then Donald Trump could fly.
I didn’t realize Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to unbalanced wannabe dictators who start twitter fights with the actual unbalanced dictator of North Korea inflaming his desire to step up his country’s nuclear program and creating more anger & hostility. The word PEACE confused me
you magically think this crap up?  can you collude with members of your own party to promote this #cheetoman?  you really need to stop lying #MesseredUp
This tweet is genius, you are learning from the best Rep Messer!
Dude, you need help...

Physically Attacked by Donald Trump - a PEOPLE Writer's Own Harrowing Story http://people.com/politics/donald-trump-attacked-people-writer/ … via @people
Trump campaign could have made illegal payments to Stormy Daniels, watchdog group says http://for.tn/2BkXH1j  via @FortuneMagazine
You have to be kidding! The whole world is laughing at his handling of his job. He has no grasp of politics at all, preferring to compliment himself incessantly. He hasn't been there....until now .
All Donald Trump's creepiest comments about his daughter Ivanka
You're mentally ill. Get some help.
You misspelled "Moon Jae-in".
The operative word here is "IF"!
You’re part of the problem ASSHOLE,... if you want to suggest POTUS warrants an award - fine,... no need to shit on anyone else, you’d make your point. As a public servant, show some class - for a change !
#Messeredup I swear I can see the tent in your pants when you gaze @cheetoman...dude, get a grip
Get off your sycophantic horse & recognize that Trump is a gaslighting fascist coward, & also Slaughterer-in-Chief if he's not going 2 truly stand up 2 the NRA. He tries 2 deconstruct our democracy & the Constitution on a daily basis. The GOP now=1930's German political party.
No it should go to South Korea President who's worked hard on this. DT only called No. Korea Ldr names etc. Thats not what u call working on N. Korea. South korea Leader deserves nobel peace prize. Only thing DT deserves is prison time.
Your comment is childish. How is that you are representing us?
How much orange Kool-aid do you drink on an average day?

Not likely. Now spare the butt kissing and do your job. You know, that job YOU were elected to do? 

Yes. I can tots understand how calling someone “Little Rocket Man” would lead to a Nobel Peace Prize. (is everyone in the GOP as dumb as you.)
When will you admit your endorsement for Jeb was a mistake
Well you’re certainly well on your way to the “Sycophantic Shitstain Award.” Congratulations!
So Trump needs one because Obama got one? Even if Trump eventually has a great accomplishment (which is doubtful), bullies do not win. Racists do not win. Blindly cruel and incompetent weak men do not win.
 you are one funny man, Luke.
This is a joke, right. You are Insane.
What are smoking? You are as complicit as he is guilty of conspiring with Russia to tear apart our democracy.
Wow!!! You have to be kiddding me.  Just Stop and listen to what you are saying.
I fully agree and we should also erect a 300 ft golden statue on his honor in every city square in the country.
You need medical attention asap.  Have you overdosed on hallucinogenics?
You're an embarrassment.
The crackheads have spoken.
If and should. You are drunk again Luke. Get a life.
As a lifelong Hoosier, and from one of the most well respected law enforcement families in Indiana, you're out of your freaking mind.

This tweet is trash @Twitter please remove this, it’s very disturbing
Stormy Daniels, Russian collusion, obstruction of justice, nepotism, sex scandals, supporting white supremacists. Doesn’t he deserve to be impeached!?

@BarackObama's administration was a "disaster" according to you guys in GOP, but somehow he is still your gold standard!
Aren't you guys (GOP) confused?
Why you guys so obsessed with @BarackObama?
Guess you haven't heard about the Russian collusion or Stormy Daniels.  This man will be known for one thing :. Being an Incompetent Bafoooon.

WTF? This has got to be a joke...
You are not bright one in your family, are you?
No matter what you say @realDonaldTrump isnt going to sleep with you.
The village called. They want their idiot back.  Seriously @RepLukeMesser you have got to be joking.
But would they let him out of jail to accept it?

Oh be quiet you dolt

South Korea negotiates a deal and Trump is supposed to get the credit?  He's just been making idle threats.  You're an idiot.
LOL
Trump would prefer a golden shower.
#DumpMesser
#DontVoteForARepublican
http://www.IndianaElection2018.com 
Best Traitor Award is more fitting, I think he would win.
You are literally insane
 #PatheticLoser
Did the signature look like this ?
Do you support Putin’s use of chemical nerve agents to kill dissidents?
After he tried to steal????
