If a Nobel is to be awarded because all goes well with N. Korea, the South Korean president deserves it not Trump. 
Moon Jae-in was the level headed when Trump & Kim Jong-un were talking about who's button was bigger.

He should be nominafor being the constant source of peace. What peace has he harvested?

Hey, @RepLukeMesser---
What does Trump have on you?


OMG!
Yes!  President Trump 2020 
Should of got one for just replacing Obama
"Should of..."? Should HAVE been impeached six months ago.
OK....Somebody needs to see a medical specialist......
If Dr. Ronny could pretend to be a VA administrator, he could pretend to be Trump's (desperately needed) psychiatrist.
It should be the #PresidentOfSouthKorea which has done all the work.
No he actually credited trump
Of course he did. Unlike Trump, he's a gentleman.
Bleh.
All I can say is "trump?  WTF"
For what? For calling N korea guy a fatso ??  This law maker is a brown nose on drugs
Trump will NEVER be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize....he isn't respected on the global stage.  Maybe nominate him to serve as NASCAR honorary race official.....that's a better fit.   #ShitHolePresidency    #MesserIsCrazy  #TrumpCrimeFamily
#NobelPeacePrize

Prize for what? Being a lying corrupt predator
Trump? Nobel Prize? Beyond preposterous.
Pray for our President @realDondalJTrump
I thought for sure this was The Onion.
Dear Lord. 

They meant the "dumbbell" prize. 
Master of ceremonies .... 
This is ridiculous!



I got one from a box of crackerjack once I'll gladly give it to him
He deserves nothing. Just trying to compete with Obama again.
Did you mean the Nobel Piss Prize?

If he wins, he will be the laureate with the lowest IQ and integrity than any other recipient... I can't wait to hear his victory speech! 
What did Obummer do for his? Fix Chicago? haha
Watching GOP politicians grovel before Trump is a disgusting spectacle. No honor among thieves in the klepto-kakistocracy. These sycophants need to go.
Nominated as a Russian Kompromat.
Have mercy Lord

A bit early, isn't it?
Excuse me...
SK President is deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize. Peace talks started when NK Olympics Team joined w/SK

@POTUS & his WH by @VP  disgracefully SAT DURING SK entry parade - - https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/328254002 … 
- - @GOP  is A WAR MACHINE
> @PressSec  @SpeakerRyan 

#ReadyPlayerOne #Trump #Bezos #Amazon #BorderWall #Mexico #immigration #VR #MondayMotivation #MondayThoughts #Monday #cartoon 
Aaaaarrrggghhh!
The only peace we will get from Trump is when he leaves!

Republicans will defend no matter how bad so sad they choose party over people we must not forget

As they should


I wish I could see Obamas face when this happens
Is this The Onion?


Hahahaha!!!! Talk about a Nobel Prize becoming meaningless
Name calling Little Rock man that’s shoo in for Nobel peace prize 
lol
I say nominate the woman, Kim Jong-un’s sister.
WTF??!! President Obama received this award & rightly so! 
But donnybumpytrumpy? I think not!
May as well give it to Kanye West as I’m sure that little dumb had something to do with this, too.
HOW CAN TRUMP  EARN THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WHEN HE DROPED SO MANY BOMBS ON SYRIA?
I think I just threw up...
So dRumpf paid someone; he has done zero to earn it
LOL
OMG, what baloney! That means the Peace Prize will mean absolutely nothing in the future. #TrumpCrimeFamily #Traitor
Yeah I remember those times when Gandhi threatened to nuke 25 million people if they got out of line..
As long as Trump’s Nobel is presented to him in suppository form!
@POTUS Peace for WHAT? Intentionally creating Chaos & Insulting the world, VERSUS uniting the world in Peace are two different worlds.  I'd give it to @EmmanuelMacron because he's a uniter NOT a divider. Trump is the Great Divider against the poor, especially in the United States
You are effing high!
those repukes sure do like to kiss his ass.
#Please Wake up folk! @cnn @cnni
Worst president ever and Republicans want to award him. Assholes.
INSANE.
The last Winter Olympics pretty much started it, as the spirit of the games it to bring world peace, it actually lived up to it.
So that Organization deserve the peace prize, not trump the bully.
Funniest thing I’ve heard all day!  They nominating @BillCosby too?  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
I believe you’re referring to the No Tell Pee Prize. It’s an easy mistake to make
puke


FOOL!, He is the ONLY person seeing Trump working for PEACE!
Nobel Committee: "Let's give him the Literature Prize for his Tweets as long as we're at it."

This must be "fake news "!!
For what???

Isn’t North Korea still having its way? They are on their way to uniting North and South Korea, so why is everyone assuming that they plan to give up their nukes!  Maybe they feel by uniting the two countries, they can become more powerful. It’s too soon to jump to conclusions!
Exactly!
Let’s secure the peace first.

And a Republican Congressman to nominate Steve Bannon as "Sexiest Man Alive...." 

Would that headline get your goat just as much? 

Don't let this one. Anyone can 'nominate' anyone for anything. Doesn't make it likely to ever happen.
This is a joke right?
Trump should be nominated for the Nobel Pee prize.....him and those prostitutes in Russia win first prize hands down!!!!
HILARIOUS
This will be worth it just for the puns on “peace”
Yes nothing gets the peace ball rolling like calling the crazy little despot names like little Rocket man. Trump is Sooooo magnanimous. For vocab impaired trump supporters that last huge word means bigly
Peace prize? Are you kidding me! He has caused more turmoil and heartbreak in this country and the world then most people I can think of. No way does he deserve this honor!
Best get it done before the entire family is behind bars. Jarod knows the way. He remembers visiting days.
How do you nominate a person for a Nobel Peace Prize that's under investigation as a Subject in Mueller's case. He'll get a prize alright try conviction award.
You mean it's not for encouraging rioting and burning of businesses, blocking highways?
@GOP has completely lost its mind & making a fool of the entire party.
So the @gop is looking to make a complete mockery of...well...everything?
They don't give Peace Prizes to Lying, Cheating Racists for trying to Starve, Incarcerate, Deny Healthcare, Housing and Food to the poor, the disabled and Elderly Citizens of his Country! If they did, Kim Jung Un and Putin would already have one!
This will be the 5th time SK and NK leaders have met. NK has nukes now. What's the chances there will be a 6th SK and NK leader meeting?
Don’t you mean “piece prize”?
The cart is now Mike's ahead of the horse.
Is this the piece your talking about..I'm confused.
That's hysterical!
Wow how much does this crap do the Russians have on this GOP slimeball
Not Nobel. Maybe the other piece award.
Insane
“The Nobel Committee will burn the nomination after laughing until they cry”

LOL. This punk doesn’t even know what it is.
@RepLukeMesser Is there nothing in this world the average Republican politician won't twist or soil in the name of political expediency? The sitting President is a pig, and he deserves nothing.
I wonder how much he is getting paid to do that...
@RepLukeMesser needs to back off on the Kool-Aid.  It's quite obvious that he has overdosed!  Besides, it's Mike Pence who's supposed to be the head ass kisser.
Perhaps they mean the PoS Prize? He is a frontrunner, for sure.
This entire thing has been staged with Spanky, Putin, China & Kim. Now Spanky gets the Peace Prize as part of the deal, because bottom line all he wants to do is Beat President O. As utterly insane as this sounds they may actually give him the Nobel. This is all a shit show!
Ha ha ha ,We All have our Reasons to Rid The Treasonous and Unethical Illegitimate Number 45.... @UN  @BlackAnswers1
Rep. Luke Messer announces 2018 Senate bid
#ShitHolePresident paying for one?
OK!...Sure!

He wants to nominate a man who calls a nuclear-armed dictator a fat Rocket Man on Twitter?The same man who has managed to divide America,defend racists and can be described as this century’s biggest misogynistic hate-mongerer?Then please also nominate @PressSec for the Pulitzer
This is a joke right?
Stop this is too funny!!!
For what? Shooting off his mouth and making the Chinese and South Koreans realize they better work harder to bring peace to their region?

You misspelled Pees.

WTF for lol this guy should be impeached


Oh please.   If u trust NK.. U R a,fool
Lmao

What a joke
And Trump has advanced the cause of peace....how?
Y’all. Are. Delusional! I need EVERYBODY in their right mind to pick an office and run. These folks are GONE and they are not coming back.
What is it with some on the right wanting to kiss the ring of this complete and total fraud of a blowhard?

Which delusional idiot is that?
He can’t even bring peace to the US.  WTF????
I just threw up a little in my mouth.
He deserves it,history is been recorded today in Korea both sides,all are his initiatives,he has paralyzed terrorism and senseless killings in Syria.If they can foolishly award Obama such,even few year to his ascension as the president,Trump is a vessel great
Can we say embellished resume...or simply lying about credentials?
If that fucking guy wins a Nobel peace prize.. I'll have officially lost faith in humanity... the Nobel peace prize for threatening war. I mean come on
But, his example to the world is divisiveness and not caring for anyone in need.

Seriously what is Nobel about trump. Oh pleasssse
NEVER
Is there a prize for the best arselicker!

Hahahahahahaha

Oh, I’m sorry that wasn’t from @TheOnion ?
This is what happens when Dr. Ronny stops handing out meds

Idiot
It’s a little early. Let’s see if he can bring this thing to a conclusion. If so, then we’ll talk. They are so desperate for him to do something they see something before it’s there!
GREAT IDEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @TheFive @realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @trish_regan @chuckwoolery @RealJamesWoods @SenateGOP @thehouserepublicans
Farcical
You have GOT TO be kidding.
Hahaha...
Quality.


Poor choice

Nominate him based on what? He didn't start the talks between the two Koreas, it was South Korea who took the first step, it was South Korea who actually opened the door for and promoted the US-NK talks. 
So exactly why would the GOP be nominating him for?
If that's the case, then President Moon Jae-in is the one who should and deserves to be nomitated.

W.T.F Somebody tell me this is a joke
FIY: The ONE Repub who wants to nominate DJT is Luke Messer who was involved in a SCANDAL regarding the Indiana Toll Road to Cintra-Macquarie which will cost Indiana $3.85 billion for the next 75 years!~Messner is a corrupt Lobbyist w/ TRUMP ties! #LukeMESSERcorrupt #NOBELfarce
He would rather have a piece prize, but Stormy’s not going through that again.

Headline was lifted from the Onion
Guess what GOP?   Your vote and money cannot buy Trump a Nobel Peace Prize.  Continue to pay his legal fees.
That Gop'er needs a head doctor.
I just choked on my own saliva. BAHHHHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You’re joking, right?  RIGHT?!?!
I just threw up.
Hahaha, he was probably told: you nominate him or else....GOP.
Give us a break

Come on! That kind of statement is dangerous for my incontinence.
fake news 
Oh FFS!

He deserves one, unlike Obama.  #MAGA
