the Union of Concerned Scientists moved the Doomsday Clock closer to midnight under the Trump regime. we have been this close to catastrophe since early Cold War
Stormy Daniels, Russian collusion, obstruction of justice, nepotism, sex scandals, supporting white supremacists. Doesn’t he deserve to be impeached!? Hate to be a broken record. #ImpeachTrumpNow #
Wow. I’ve been wondering whether you had any integrity left at all. I guess this absurdity answers it.
The only award he deserves is for the worst president and human being ever. #InternationalWomensDay
Ha! Verify that the Regime has given up its Nuclear Ambition and I will give you that campaign contribution you keep chasing! #VichyTrumpSuppprter!
President Dennison go
My god. You are fully insane.
do they award them to traitors in Federal prison?
Luke, this tweet will be mocked in the history books of the future if the species somehow lasts.
Nope. A president who alienates our allies, who has divided our country & fostered racism, who lies to us every single day, who bullies & insults people who disagree with him like a 5-year old, & who has attempted to obstruct justice is not a candidate for the Nobel Prize.
And don’t forget that he’s a self-admitted sexual assaulter who is being sued by a porn star.
Some people forgot Charlotsville comments about good Racists This must be a joke that trumpy deserves Nobel Prize
If you're legit trying to tell me that Trump deserves the Peace prize for bullying and insulting another nation to the point they think we might actually harm them, to terrorize them so profoundly that they surrender, is the work of a tyrant, and a dictator.
 Oh wait, you're serious?
If I manage to cure cancer, I should get the Nobel Prize for medicine. How about waiting until he does it?
I guess you and Todd are having a pander contest
Bullshit.
Whatever you’re smoking I’ll have some
Oh Luke, you must really be into the Trump wine if you think this is going anywhere.
Luke, cut off your thumbs.
URGENT and a trigger warning on this — brutal arrest of mother taken away from and deported in front of her children — please share this: https://www.facebook.com/Judithcastro09/posts/10216114385911092 …
#NobelPeacePrize never given to STRONG leaders who create peace by standing up to evil regimes. Trump = Reagan = Churchill.....@BarackObama = Jimmy Carter = Chamberlain Nobel organization loves wimps who kiss dictators' rings but @POTUS stands up to them!
It never make anybody look good who puts others down.
