If Obama can get a Nobel Peace Prize, so can Trump
Lisa, Obama deserved it. Big difference.
What did Obama do to deserve it?
He made United States a proud and respected place to be envied by most of the educated world.
That's not good enough for a Nobel Prize, my dude.
Do pray what you imagine Trump has done so deserving?
The whole point of my tweet is that if Obama can get a Nobel Prize for doing nothing, at least Trump can get a prize for helping negotiate an end to he Korean War. At least that's a concrete result.
Lisa, I am not aware that the Korean War has ended. Is this another fake Trump News item? I m curious if you are related to Elvis. I am curious what grade you graduated? Donald Trump wrote several books. The man has atrocious Grammer and I am sure he had lots of help.
I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Give it to President Trump, still don’t understand why then Presadent Obama was awarded one!
Because President Obama was a real President who cared about Peace and people and the rest of the World. Citizen Trump cares about no one but himself and all the little trumps.
If he cared about peace so much he wouldn't have been funding those terrorists in Syria!
No one more deserving... Obama a joke
He brought us out of a financial housing crisis that the Republicans created
Dumb answer..that housing crisis was caused by democrat congress
Thank god Trump was elected. Our country is on the mend from going down the dangerous path of Socialism...does not work. Venezuela prime example!
Our great REAL American President Trump 
Is he real because he’s white? What’s up with that? Were previous presidents fake?
no prizes and medals are possible to evaluate Trump's service to the country and the nation, it's ridiculous to reward God and Nature. We can only love and pray. This prize has already visited many unworthy people
Samvel, and Trump would be the most moster mostest unworthy. It would prove there is no GOD. You must be a hipocrate evangelist.
Daaaa nice, do you really have any idea what a Nobel Peace Prize is about. It is for good people???
If Trump wins a Nobel Peace prize, then the world will know definitively that the award is meaningless.
Wow, even though he stopped the 60 year war between NK and SK, and freed all american prisoners from NK, you think that?!?!
You're getting ahead of yourself a bit there Spanky nothing has been accomplished except Trump taking credit for things that haven't happened yet
& N Korea stopping their test might have something to do with them blowing up their own site and not having the ability to anymore
I don't think I am sparky, maybe you should read the news, its pretty informative to people that aren't informed, hint hint 
By the Republicans. Better wait and see what the rest of the world thinks!
In fact...by a few Republicans, not even very many.
Joke of the day!!
I couldn't agree more but it is no joking matter
Have they no shame?
Tomorrow it will be beatification.
Yeah beautify Mar-A-Lago Day
President you deserve the Nobel!!!!
Threats of violence, as in Fire and Fury like the world has never seen, is a form of violence in itself and regardless of the causal outcomes certainly does not warrant the Nobel Peace Prize. In fact if our species is lucky enough to survive most will be remembered as barbaric.
He brought peace to warring nations. He got dozens of political prisoners freed. You must see the glass as always half empty. Your stupidity is profound.
Source? Who brought peace? What dozens of political prisoners,? Please name them & the country that released them.
14 Americans freed from Iraq, Eqypt & Sudan 1st week in office, Aya Hijazi from Egypt, Canadians Caitlyn & Joshua Boyle & their 3 kids from Taliban, Sabrina De Souza from Egypt, 3 UCLA Basketball players from China, the comatose body of Otto Warmbere, many more.
All thanks to the enormous amount of time spent on these by President Obama! You cannot believe he did any of this, but sometimes when you're conned you can't admit it. Peace

Eaton has always been a staunch progressive left guy. He has always attacked the right. He attacked Bush about Iraq while he was running the damn thing.
BUSH made a mess in Iraq and the. Afghanistan. Troops are not out YET. Thank s
Obama ran Afghanistan war
Could these people please live in the here and now? This isn't about Obama or Clinton. So boring.
Trump Deserve 2 Nobel Peace Price Awards. He Is Officially A Symbol Of World Peace. He Offers Peace We Can All Believe In. He was A God Sent
HE WAS NOT!!
Why would he even accept if they gave one to a Do Nothing Tool like Obama?
Because he’s a jealous baby and wants one because Obama had one- He needs to recognized because he’s insecure.
The Nobel Peace Prize nomination is not a  surprise considering President Trump considers Peace the Prize.
We must support the President! He's leading the way to a world we've never known. 

"Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace among those with whom he is pleased!”
Ugh! Give it a rest with this god stuff!
"I tell you, if these were silent, the very stones would cry out.”
Obama didn't deserve anything not even presedency
I don't know this man but I'm thinking doing #WethePeople's business is reward enough 
#justsaying
Wtf
Great. Love and Blessings.
President Trump deserves the Peace Prize award!!
Nobel will likely weigh the many Trump negatives against the positive.  The Nobel panel takes climate change seriously and will not reward man who broke US leadership on the issue. And that seems quite fair.
Well said!
The committee should get it they gave it to stupid and what did he do?????
I hope trump turns it down...it is worthless...the gave one to BHO just for getting elected... Obama hurt world security more than any other president since carter...
Bill get a life and more some education. Come out of the woods. Thinking like you hurts the world.
You can’t handle the truth... only bully people from opposing your viewpoint
Disgusting
Well deserved
What the h—- for??  LIAR of the YEAR!!!!!!  The Nobel is for those who do great humanitarian things but you have to be Human first!!!! Oh sorry Trump, that leaves you out!!!!!!
Are you kidding? D Trump wouldn't know Peace if it was staring home in the face. You have him confused with     Justin Trudeau
For what?
Our Dear PRESIDENT keep his another promise "I will not let you down" all his supporters are VERY PROUD of their SUPPORT and AMERICAN PRIDE is back and AMERICA GREAT AGAIN MAGA turn to AGA around an Year
The deadline for submissions was back in February. Aren't we great again?
I have no respect for the no-bel peace prize after they allowed themselves to be a political puppet and gave the prize to the past criminal in our office. At least President Trump has done work and the affects are known and proven to be real.
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING. WHATS ITS FOR SEVICES TO HAIR CARE PRODUCTS AND FAKE TAN?
If u weren't planning on your dad's $$, u would be disappointed in your father's behavior. No one likes having a whoremongering parent. It is embarrassing. Have u ever tried working outside the family business? Earn a reputation of your own instead of hanging on daddy's fame?
He deserves it.
Yup....... Democrats heads will burst right off their shoulders!!  Bahaha
Well deserved Trump should get the #NPP
#PutinBot
Hey, Y'all! 
I brought this Nobel Prize business up a long time ago!
Agreed! He's actually doing something to deserve it. But I would still say, wait and see how 'Rocket Boy' meeting comes about. The Nobel's legitimacy was denigrated enough with Obama getting it for just being elected. But in that comparative, Trump has already earned it.
Totally absurd.
E agora @gasparinijunior ? 
Money!
We must give credit where credit is due.  Part of Americanism good sportsmanship.
POTUS thinks its fake news...
YES!!!
Are they going to take away Obama's? Being black is not a good reason to get a Nobel prize.
LET THE WHOLE WORLD KNOW MY PRESIDENT DESERVES ONE!!!
Wait until it’s finalized and verified. Been lied to too many times

@EricTrump this nomination is well deserved! #FactorFakeNewsBook
Good luck, Mr. President.
Couldn't be more proud!
Finally a REAL President is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for doing more than just getting elected.  Hopefully the Republicans will pull their heads out and help Trump get things done!
Yes isn't he great
For what?
President Trump is working peace from strength from a strong position smart man God blessing
Good work sir
At least he’s earned it and it’s pretty sad that you Compare a murdering dictator to a Elected American President. @alixkendallfox9
For all the shit he is dishing out? This is a joke, right?
They also cover up his crimes
Stay the course Mr.President,you are the most deserving person from the USA since Ronald Reagan. You would be a tough act to follow.
Hhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  #Hmmm
Thank you for all the great work @realDonaldTrump.  You sure do deserve it
Beautiful President Donald Trump
Trump deserves to be nominated....awesome president!

That man looks even sillier when he tries to walks straight. Or is it a photoshop dare?
#sad
OMG this is awesome
Oh , the liberals are going to love this
Hahahahahahah nominated to have slept with all the tramps is the only thing he would win.   Moat likely to have an STD! Gross #pervpresident
You mean to tell me they nominated someone for actually doing something?
If Obama was given the Nobel Peace prize, there is more tangible reason why Pres Trump should receive one too!
I nominate Donald Trump for the Global Lying and Idiot award.  Does anyone second my nomination?
In watching the White House news conference the press focuses on allegations by a hooker and not THE MOST IMPORTANT STORIES THAT HAVE SEVERE CONSEQUENCES TO WORLD PEACE. THE NEWS MEDIA CONTINUES TO SABOTAGE THE ADMINISTRATIONS ACCOMPLISHMENTS. DISGUSTING!!
Meet in Singapore. Give Kim a book about his great grandfather the missionary.
If he doesn’t get the prize, he will claim voting was rigged and millions of illegals voted
Fool
Ah, a MAGAt response. Call someone a name. Next
House Republicans would win Nobel Prize if they ever called POTUS out
.@RepLukeMesser  LOL  .@realDonaldTrump "who dubbed Kim 'Little Rocket Man,' boasted about his larger nuclear button and promised to unleash on North Korea 'fire and fury like the world has never seen' — as a Nobel peacemaker may seem, to many, incongruous." @axios quoted.
No one has ever deserved it more 
What a joke!
why
Read your comment. That came out of you. Now look in the mirror.
@NobelPrize for calling North Korean Leader a Little Rocket Man plus Short and Fat 

Plus almost inciting a NUCLEAR showdown/war with N. Korea and saying we’d annihilate them.

Or the week where we ALL felt we were gonna be NUKED, Fun times!

PLEASE INCLUDE THIS INFO IN PACKAGE

Well deserved

Well deserved!! America and the world are winning with President Trump in the White House.
We love sir president Donald Trump he definitely deserves this Nobel Peace Prize!
You notice the Senate Republicans didn't follow suit.
@POTUS deserves it, unlike 'someone' else that got it for doing absolutely nothing.  Our president is making great strides, not only for us and our country, but for the entire world.  I'm so proud of him. @EricTrump
You are so right.
Nomination for Peace prize, if a democrat was a REAL American, they also would most certainly agree with this nomination!!
Peace prize, what did Obama do to deserve this award? NOTHING
The left is going to go crazy
THANK GOD he is saving a lot of lives with all the b's. He has to endure while doing it. GOD BLESS America and our president!DONALD J TRUMP!
He deserves it !!!!! Best President
Here here...
Adolf Hitler was nominated once the man of the year, so......
The No Bail Prize!
I think nomination because He is 
Very.  Genius thanks..
I guarantee, it was House (CONSERVATIVES!). republi-cant's don't like (US!), and the feelings are mutual. Look out Rushmore, HERE WE COME!! 'MERICA! TRUMP!
Such a joke.
If our President did get the Nobel Peace Prize - it has been just a political give away for so long. They have given it to worthless idiots for no reason for so long; it has become useless.  Trump actually earned one.
LMFAO!!!  Still laughing!
#TrumpofPeace
The libs r just mad bcuz trim continues to win and win! Get out the popcorn every conservative the party will begin soon and it will b in Nov when the rep keep the house and Senate lol!!
Well deserved. So much more deserved than Mueller, etc.
That's good.
Kiss Ass!!! Why aren’t you then giving the leaders of Noeth & South Korea credit as well? They’re relevant players as well.!!!!!!
Well, the South Korean president said Trump deserves the credit AND the Nobel Peace Prize. But I imagine you know better.
Mr. Trump our President has actually done something, unlike our last President!


Excellent
Yeah calling someone "Rocket Man" and threatening fire and fury is super peaceful.  Gtfoh

#MAGA Trump is doing a great job.
#MMAGA Mueller Making America Great Again
Well so far, he should be!
Also hopefully get those 3 hostages in north korea home. #PeaceThroughStrength
Idiotic sycophants.
I wish the nomination could have been signed by the few, the bold, the 63 million people.
It lost its loving feeling after Obama got it before he had a chance to do anything like spread the wars to Yemen , Syria , and Libya  
@MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump
I hope, for once, the Nobel Peace Prize is bestowed upon someone who actually effects significant World peace for a change.
Very much deserved
Lmao. The dead line passed so ready
That's nice. But the Nobel Peace prize isn't worth anything anymore. It's a weak gesture,and Trump will probably hire hookers to pre on it. Hahaha!
@realDonaldTrump 
May God bless this man for what he is doing for the good of this country as well as others. I believe he's just getting started. He will be the best president this country has ever had!!!
Would be one of the only REAL peace makers, that actually is achieving peace...  BUT PORN STAR -- screeches the media.  The nuclear threat from North Korea, despite what appeared to be a race to start Nuclear War -- thank's to President Trump -- now seems to be solved.  BUT PORN?
Great. But don’t House Republicans have better things to do than voting to give our president an award he’ll never get from an internationally recognized liberal society?
We are main suppliers of pharmaceuticals and skincare products , research chemicals and pharmaceuticals products across Europe, Africa,Asia and South America.our prices are very moderate and delivery 100% guaranteed. for more information visit our http://websiteprestigefillers.com 

Such silliness. #@realDonaldTrump has tons more USA biz to take care of. Congress shld learn from him. Work ethic is to be admired.
It's nice to see a President actually accomplishing things while in office.
How do you give a nobel peace prize to someone who once called african countries shitholes
Did you actually hear him say that.
WORST BULLSHIT EVER!!! 
COME ON BE REALISTIC!!!
BS..... confirm and support . Just as bad as femocrats.
Good Luck Mr. President,praying you do receive this award! 
@realDonaldTrump our President deserves the Noble Peace Prize!
MSM led by NBC care nothing of peace in Korea,Middle East problems,China, Japan or Europe. To busy with Stormiest Daniels and the Mueller witch hunt. MSM is like Jerry Springer and Dr Phil rolled into one.
This is the most disgusting thing I’ve ever heard
He won't take it @
Funny
Exactly!!
POOR timing. In their RUSH TO BE RELEVANT WITHOUT DOING ANY ACTUAL WORK, these Congress people are HOPING that things turn out well in KOREA.
But this would have been so much more effective SEP or OCT.

Seriously?! WTF is wrong with you people??

As mueller investigation approaches they are all running scared, will do anything to appease president of bringing them all down with them!
Baloney.  Russia & Korea are playing you, wake up fools!
Canuck says what?
Struck a nerve did I Popeye??!! 
I got you going through my TL because like Trump I'm now living in ur head rent free! BTW lots of room in here!
If he was black I'd say he had a chance.
I LoVe Trump!! TRUMP 2020 DEFINITELY!! HE IS THE BEST AMERICAN PRESIDENT EVER!
You gotta be crazy to think trump will ever get elected again. Not after what he did to this country. Mueller’s coming and idiot trump is going down.
Salute



Odd, but I don’t see them on the official list of nominators: https://www.nobelprize.org/nomination/peace/ …
He should!!! He just did something historically peaceful that no one has been able to accomplish for like 40 years! But he accomplished!
Ha! Whilst destabilising the Middle East?! Yeah right.
Of course the Republicans would nominate the
I hope he turns it down. It's a sullied award. When the award was given to BO, who accomplished nothing, it showed how biased the award was(cheapened it). @POTUS deserves better.Those who write history, that will be read 100 years from now, will not talk about an award.
That’s right, 100 years from now history will talk about what an awful President Trump was. Too bad his grandkids will read about their idiot grandfather.
Too bad Obama already is the worst President ever. I hope he doesn't have any grandkids to embarass.
For? Threatening our allies? Calling everyone names? Cheating on his wife? Golfing? Making fun of Paralympians?
You know exactly why, your hate is demonstrated clearly.
Wonderful, but the job isn’t done til the papers are signed and sealed.
More like the Dumb Bell Piece Prize
So was Al Gore.
*President Trump
I bet the democrats are so "thrilled" about this.

Who deserves the Nobel Peace Prize?
Deserved without a doubt
Deserved.
You're funny!
Of course some ass kissing pubs have, swampy. 
There are people dying from insufficient pain relief and those actively dying are not receiving adequate pain relief. The chronically ill and those in chronic pain have lost their pain relief Rx’s and many are committing suicide. #GENOCIDE2018 #NoMediaCoverage
Of course, if the Nobel Committee were to establish the prize: Mendacity and Corruption and Anti-Constituionality, then both Donald Trump and the GOP nominators in the House might more easily qualify,-How come Luke Messer, you didn't think of this already, may I ask?
Tell them to shove it where the sun don’t shine they care NOTHING about you NOTHING and only grand standing for the upcoming elections vote them OUT get new PRO TRUMP people elected
@POTUS TRUMP IN OFFICE  1YR & 3 MONTHS! DELIVERED HISTORIC TAX CUTS, REMOVED REGULATIONS & ECONOMY IS THRIVING, ASSIGNED NEIL GORSUCH TO SUPREME COURT AMONGST MANY OTHER ACCOMPLISHMENTS! NOBEL PEACE PRIZE IS NEXT FOR ENDING WAR BETWEEN N & S KOREA! 2020 TRUMP, HELL YES!
Nice, beautiful.
Rep Messer, Hope you know, this is what is known as a "Hail Mary Playing to Our Consituents, and, Especially Provincial and Foolish and Partisan Hail Mary Nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize" It's also known as the "Decadent GOP Nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize"
According to Noble’s will it awarded to a person who "shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses" Definitely not Trump.
