Never mind that he is a criminal traitor.
Haven't you heard that the Russian collusion narrative and actually falling apart and it turns out that Democrats were actually the ones colluding with foreign agents from the UK to (wait for it) RUSSIA. Remember the Steele dossier was based off of faulty Russian intelligence. 
Not a fan of facts huh.
Read how the Steele dossier was acquired and then put Trump's name before it and tell me you don't find a problem with it. Then do the same thing and put any Democrat and tell me how you feel differently. Put Trumps name before every Clinton scandal, and tell me how you feel then
The only traitor I see is tRump. The dossier was first commissioned by republicans. Taken over by Democrats when they all dropped out. I don’t trade in conspiracies.
No I'm not a bot I'm a real person. And I'm only using the Hillary thing as an example because you look at that and you say oh no it's Hillary didn't do anything but if you put Trump's name in front of it you're going to sell these guilty. There is 0 evidence that Trump colluded
You have no idea what I say or believe.
You keep telling me what I believe is Wrong, what do you believe? We may agree on some things
No, just no. The award is about Peace. Trump operates out of fear & division, the direct antitheses of peace. We aren't peaceful. We're all in a cyber civil war now, much to his credit. His behavior can't be applauded and awarded. He brings out the worst in people. So...no.
I think that trump should absolutely be recognized. Recognized for being even crazier and off balance than Kim Jong Un, thereby pushing him to reconcile with S. Korea. Nobody wants to be the biggest fuckup in the room & trump has proven that. So Kim is leaving that title to him.
Agreed but it's recognition that should not be awarded a freaking Nobel Peace Prize. How do these people look themselves in the mirror?
They don't. They've broken all the mirrors in their homes because they're too ashamed.
I think you have to have a soul to feel shame.
Very true lol.
Check it out! najmusnasif will build fascinating and responsive ico websites for $5 on #Fiverr
Because if Obama gets one, the Trump has to have it too. #OneUp
It's funny to see all the #BillaryClinton losers mad.
@RepLukeMesser Trump? Okay. Let's see his good qualities that would make some think he's a good choice.
*Credibility*
I know! Sorry.
It's not over yet!!!
Lol what a fucking joke. Peace prize? Thousands of shootings all across the country and keeping immigrants out of the country doesn't sound peaceful to me.
There are grammatical errors on your nomination. Appropriate for President Trump. No matter how nice you dress it up, the flaws still stand out to anyone with any intelligence.
Total fools.
He should be dead.
This isn't how this works! Me thinks these folks are some of the most obvious brown nosers in this insane era! Have they no shame?
I don’t know if it is about shame. Trump is the greatest at one thing. Conning people into thinking everything he says is true. That is what con artists do. They convince others to break the law and then run away before the punishment can begin
You are right. People who buy snake oil are the very ones who believe his nonsense. It amazes me how his stories keep changing.He either can't keep his lies straight or he is trying out different lies to see which ones his followers like the best!
A list of people whose opponents will receive increased contributions in the upcoming election because they signed this. Thanks for publishing it.
REALLY? No really, #GTFOH really but really #GTFOH
This is surreal
I think China, North and South Korea should both be given the most credit for the peace talks. Trump just held a pissing contest threatening nuclear war.
Oh my. Truly reveals who you are. Hitching your wagon to a traitorous criminal.
This shows your party has really gone off the rails. With all the terrible things he has done & said, he doesn't deserve award. And it's insulting citizens assuming most of us don't know truth about NK/SK.
Lmfao
Are you kidding!
Lolololololololololololololohehehehehehehehe
Unbelievable!   That lying crook has done nothing but create drama ever since he took office!  He wants to be Obama!  So  what is sneaking around, globe hopping to meet Putin,while leading us to believe how hard he is on Russia! Then he says ask Putin?
Appreciate the #NobelPeacePrize sentiment. Signals suggest basic structure of #NoKo #Denuclearization deal is complete & they're likely working details. Recall Obama accepted NPP having done NOTHING to deserve iy. If @POTUS earns it he'd accept; unlikely leftists would allow it.
 . . . 
Hahahahahaha! Hahahahaha!!
Hahahaha!!!hahahahahaha!!!!
What a bunch of clowns.
Get these propaganda specialist who I'm pretty sure are corrupt my opinion. Out of office. somebody with no moral compass, uses name-calling, misrepresents the facts and spreads propaganda. Does not get a Peace Prize! Country divided on this, is a country 50% fools
Are they for real.
No disrespect, but I think you (and your colleagues) might be retarded @RepLukeMesser.
I say give it to him. It comes with a cash prize and he could use the money. #Trump #POTUS #WhiteHouse #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner #USA #MichelleWolf #NobelPeacePrizeForTrump #NobelPrize @realDonaldTrump #bankruptcy
.....hmmmm
Let’s gather more signatures to block the madness.
Oh, what a handy list of Russian collaborators!
Sycophants sycophanting -- they should be embarrassed to be sucking up like this
I give up
If only Trump was a community organizer that hadn’t done anything...
!!!
. NO.
Fun fact the night Obama won the nobel prize @seanhannity had a guest on that made these comments
Fun fact two @seanhannity in the same interview kept track of all the times Obama missed mass. Wonder how Trump is doing in that regard.


N. KOREA - STILL HAS NUKES - STILL OUTLAWS the BIBLE - STILL IS A TYRANNY - NOT SEEING SUCCESS – US CONSTITUTION NO GIFTS FROM FOREIGN NATIONS
Don’t u think it’s to early to give him shit.
The nomination phase ended in February... another epic fail.  #Facts matter
Don’t forget calling people names like“Rocket Man”.
Yet. NOT ONE OF THEM recognized the heroics of James Shaw Jr. in the Nashville TN Mass shooting...or his susequent fund raising efforts afterward...
Why not,  Obama received the prize for being POTUS while black. If the worst POTUS EVER, Obama, can be awarded the prize then POTUS Trump should get 2 Nobels. One for his accomplishments as POTUS the other for destroying the Obama legacy!!
BULLSHIT, hr hasn't even met with North Korea yet
Remember when Drumpf got those basketball players released from China?
Turned out he had nothing to do with it. Remember.
Delusional.
Are you seriously kidding?
Take names. VOTE THEM OUT. 
I don’t think so

no way he did nothing to deserve this
I thought #AprilFool was last month @SHAQ
Absurd
Wat too early!  It is still months before they even meet. Why the rush?  I guess he needs his ego pumped again. @POTUS  @CNN  @maddow @NBCNews

A$€ Kissers
Omg could we wait till something actually happens

Can we please sign a petition to send to @NobelPrize to ask them NOT to consider this nomination at ALL & as Americans we apologize for wasting their time? #NoNobelForTrump #NobelForMoon

Talk about putting the cart before the horse...
Now we know who the Trump lap dogs are, vote them out.
What are they smoking?
Will he be able to accept that from jail?

#crackkills
I guess DT must of called them while sitting in Golf Cart 1 and dictated the bmcgrain nation letter.  WHAT A JOKE - PATHETIC
So most of the remaining rats are fleeing his ship as quickly as possible as the deceptions continue to mount (I have postponed many orthopedic procedures and basically been living in an attic - Ty Cobb)  and these numbnuts continue to massage his prostrate?
I've never seen a more shameless display of boot-licking in all my days.
Bullshit! What did he do to deserve the noble prize? It should be given the Chinese PM for talking sense into the dictator!
Trump earning it.
Sooooo, he should get a Nobel Peace Prize for threatening to blow North Korea off the map.... Got it!
Obama got one for....literally doing nothing
If @POTUS @realDonaldTrump wins the Nobel Peace Prize, he will win in 2020 by 98% because every liberal in the USA will either commit suicide or their heads will explode leaving no opposition to this great great president.

Trump should tell them to stick it up Hillary's a**.
They’re nominating someone who’s inspired more hate & anger, more lies & racism, than anyone else on the entire planet for a PEACE prize?!!!

Are they fucking insane??!!!!

Maybe give him an award for literacy, too... and while they’re about it, how about ‘Slimmer of the Year’...
This has to be a joke  he deserves prison as his prize because he earned it! #MAGA #Resist
Hardly peaceful.
Bullshit peace in Korea is because of South Korea’s president Moon! #nopeaceprize
Do they even know how absolutely ridiculous they sound? A republican party filled with ignorant a** kissers bc of their guilt of collusiin & more. Will the whole bunch of them end in prison?
Renacci’s signature looks like a butterfly!
Ridiculous


@RepLukeMesser what a disgrace to your country and your constituents. Nobel Peace Prize for Trump???!! He's torn this country apart and actively encourages the chasm to widen. Get a backbone and stand up against him
Huh!!! Duh!!!
OMG
I feel like the phrase, "drunken Twitter troll" should be included in there somewhere...
Please.  he had nothing to do with it.  The Koreans see a loophole in the strength of American leadership and have taken it.  The US has been the one impeding reconciliation between the two Koreas
The president of South Korea seems to think that Trump had everything to do with this. Unless he's just another left-wing Nut Job.
Probably getting free passes to play golf at trumps mar a lago club! Anyone in their right mind would know that Trump is the least qualified candidate for the nobel peace prize! This is a man who has fostered hate and undermines democracy at every turn!
I was trying to analyze peoples personality according to their signature then I got to Jim.  Well played Jim
He didn’t do shit except play golf
Write to the Nobel peace organization. Let them know that Donald Trump is not deserving of the peace prize. He has caused chaos, forced corrupt deals, giving missiles to Ukraine in exchange for them ending cooperation with Mueller investigation. Divided our country. No to Trump
Let us just be clear on this proposal...
I love watching all of these liberals lose their minds! So funny!
About time!!
Well, there went your career.
Just so you all know. They were forged
Make threats and insults, so that others start diplomacy to save the world from the nuclear war that you almost started... and then claim the Nobel Peace Prize. Sure. #NobelPeacePrize #NobelPrize #NorthKorea
Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize for his North Korea efforts. ,.. What a load of shit, he did nothing.
Trump didn’t do jack shit yet. Moon from s Korea has done all the work so far and is far more deserving than king tut!!
Nah...or better yet Nyet.
Ridiculous
@sydneyhannahh
Exchanges high school insults with another foreign leader, is nominated for nobel peace price. #trumpism
Earned
Well deserved!
I’d love to have a handwriting analyst give us their opinion of these 17 “representatives”.
God! This world becomes less meaningful because of these farces!
Boo hiss
Seriously the dumbest thing ever! Please tell me the people are not this stupid! Do u really think Kim is doing this out of kindness? Ha ha this man ego is as bad as Satan's in the WH believe me there's a plan we don't know about! Evil working work evil
Hahaha you could only get 18 Congress ppl to sign this.
what an f'ing farce.
If this Korea thing works out, i am not sure hiw anyone can argue with it.  IMO
This action makes me question their intelligence and put it down as major ass-kissing.

Trump must have a black book on these Republican legislators.  The only reason Trump even wants the Nobel prize is because President Obama received it and you know how Trump hates the fact that Obama is better than he is.
"Peace" through threats, you mean.
It worked
@RepLukeMesser and the others have lost their minds! The idiot in chief regularly tweeted insults to Kim and got the US to the point we were seriously concerned about an attack. The only thing he deserves is a swift kick in the ass.


Look like daddy made his children nominate him knowing no one else would.  #GOP has reallly lost their minds.
Trump may not win the Nobel Peace Prize but I'm told he's favored to win  the Geobbels Prize for Moral Depravity. He was nominated by Rev.  Franklin Graham & Tony Perkins, President of the Family Research  Council who said "he's a great example for children".


In celebration of peace between North and South Korea....How can anyone question @POTUS and his ability to lead our country! Thank you so much Mr. President! 
Such idiots, during this whole episode.
You must have nothing but dkkks in your face to come up with that one.  A Nobel for what? N Korea blowing up their own testing facility?  You are a fkkking genius of note.
No
Let’s not forget these 17 ass kissing lunatics names, when it’s time for re-election
What a joke only republicans therefore it is a farce
Idiots.

What a sickening joke! #sycophants #CorruptPoliticians #filltheswamp #FakePresident
But he bombed Syria didn't he. Obama got Nobel for starting 3 wars in the middle East and creating ISIS. Nobel has no credibility now. If Hitler was here today he might also get a Nobel peace prize.
The spirit of the Olympic games brought both N. and S Korea together.  IOC President Thomas Bach should be awarded.  USA did nothing refer to Pence non-interaction with Kim Yo Jong during Olympics.
WHAT?  It ain't over till it's over.
Insane!Peace dont exist in the WH or 45s life. Ppl fighting, resigning,he's attacking somebody, refuses to abide by
laws until pressed.
Lawsuits 3BRupts & 3x
married,makes enemies of US allies.
Award him the Lifetime 
Caos Award.
no peace in airstrikes
lies,bullying,cheating
For what?!
That's 18 ppl plus the Dotard who need their heads examined @RepLukeMesser
Thanks for the list! Now people go vote every last one them out...next election.
Absolutely not!!!!
the kiss heard 'round the world..........
1) Premature that there is any peace. KJU will not be giving up his nukes. 2) Specifically, what did Trump do besides bluster and threaten fire and brimstone raining down on NK? Even if that made a difference, is that a peaceful solution? Sanctions? Not buying it.
Democrat tears 
Oh. My. Gosh. Seriously????


Peace prize for nazis yes
He did not do anything, He merely put fear into the situation and I don't think that qualifies.
Have you given much thought about your next job?  Might be a good time to start sending out resumes and checking help wanted ads.
Peace occurring at the hands of a president making military threats is not a qualifier for the Peace Prize.
Deservedly so, not like the previous president who was given the award 10 days after being sworn in. Accomplished absolutely nothing and was celebrated for it.

Common sense would be to wait to see what comes of it first. So far, Trump has achieved NOTHING.
Insanity unbelievable
Do we have to make a #mockery of Everything?
Are you fucking kidding me? 
FFS it’s all drama.
Noble Prize for what ?  Lying everyday of his life   or for Peace?  Mocking handicaps, women , elderly and a full blown racist!  Hates the people, middle class and poor...Tell me, a prize for what again?
The    prize goes to..
Lol

Nominate for piece of shit of the universe.
insane
Very embarrassed Hoosier....
Just can't give a man his due. Then again most of you are used to incompetance. I guess drawing 15 red lines in the sand doesnt work or giving dictators hugs and kisses.

Folks... meet the BIGGEST brown-noser representatives that signed this Nobel peace prize request!
— Trump has attacked the Free Press.

— Trump has emboldened Neo-Nazis.

— Trump has aided and abetted Russia.

Trump does not deserve the Nobel Prize.
Great make his head even bugger

Let’s see something really happen first. Otherwise just feeding his ego
18 SYCOPHANTS
The Norwegian parliament today recommended that Republican congressmen stay out of their business.
Aren't you getting a bit ahead of any final results?

Your IQ must be lower than your shoe size. Clown.

They thought if Obama got Nobel Peace Prize for one speech, Trump should deserve some kind of Prize for his relentless tweeting, name calling for Kim-Jong-Un. Of course he did that for World Peace.
He deserve  to be given noble peace prize by bombing Syria and threatening Iran . Noble prize meaning is kills others .
Am I missing something here? It looks like North & South Korea are working things out on their own. All @realDonaldTrump can do now is screw it up somehow.
Now that's funny
Trump continues to make fools out of the @GOP and it won't end.
You must be joking!  LOL!!
Somebody didnt get the memo...
I could vomit
Ugh
