Dolt. Dope. Doofus. Dimwit.
North Korea says denuclearization pledge not result of U.S.-led sanctions https://reut.rs/2JX6ESW  
Ah, the forged nominations...
thank God it doesn't matter how many idiots nominate that aberration for the Nobel Prize.
You mean the evil North Korean dictator that only last week Trump called an “honorable man”?
How about you guys hit the pause button on accolades until something is actually accomplished?
.@RepLukeMesser  LOL  .@realDonaldTrump "who dubbed Kim 'Little Rocket Man,' boasted about his larger nuclear button and promised to unleash on North Korea 'fire and fury like the world has never seen' — as a Nobel peacemaker may seem, to many, incongruous." @axios quoted.
The only reason NK came to the table is because their only nuclear test site has imploded and is no longer safe or operable. Republicans are trying to kiss his ass one last time before he is imprisoned for treason. They are hoping for bonuses while Trump can still sign checks.
May have a little something to do with the provoked earthquake that caused a mountain to collapse KJU’s nuclear test site making it unusable. 

Don’t get me wrong I completely expect trump to take full credit for well everything.
Good god this is pathetic.
1. You don’t “nominate” for the NPP. They have a committee that does that does that. “For your consideration” is more applicable.

2. And why? For trying to start WWIII and nuclear holocaust. “I’ll kill 1/2 the world if the you kill 1/2 the world” is not gonna get a NPP!
so...did you happen to catch the Rudy Giuliani interview last night?? You guys nominated a criminal for the Peace Prize 

Peace between North and South Korea?
The success is at 100% of the invincible pressure made by the great China and Russia.
Nobel?? Here,You have reached the maximum of delirium ! The claims of sheer arrogance and blind pride (!)of Mr. Trump, ridicule once again all America.
Nice letter. But I thought Indiana had laws against public fellatio?
Lol yeppers he compared his nuclear button size lol. Yes Nobel prize is in order here, but we need a new category called: Moronic.
^ #ThisGuy #smh
#VoteThemOut

@RalphNorman SC
@michaelcburgess TX
@DesJarlaisTN04
@kevincramer ND
@MarkMeadows NC
@mattgaetz FL
@RepLaMalfa CA
@RepMcKinley WV
@RepBrianBabin TX
@DianeBlackTN
@SteveKingIA IA
@PeteOlson TX
@MarshaBlackburn TN
@JimRenacci OH
@EvanJenkinsWV
@RepDrewFerguson GA


Oops Nobel.
Don’t push this!!! If I was the N KoreanPresident and Trump got a Noble Peace award for MY DECISION I’d be Pissed! HE is The. one who should get the Prize and besides it would keep him motivated to be one of the good guys! Trump does not need that award!  He will get his credit!
Yes, tweeting for your shitter or piss covered bed is peaceful and so presidential. #hacks
W R O N G!

18 House Republicans have nominated Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize.

— Trump has attacked the Free Press.…

Hahahahaha. Hahahahaha. <gasps for air> Hahahahaha
For threatening to destroy N.Korea¿ What an upside down society the Carnival Barker in the Oval and his shills are creating!!!Embarassing and Appalling!
For totally killing everybody in NK!! Sad!!
Hahahahahaha ha!!!!  Do all idiots hail from Indiana??
Don't actually need Trump toadies in Congress. Kissing his you know what that much is evidence why Messer should not be in Congress.
Norway will check hard to ensure Trump has not committed any crimes and misdemeanors.  Regardless of what happens in N. Korea they wouldn’t want to give a criminal the prize—their reputation is at stake!
It will be will be real awkward when he gets subpoenaed FIRST.

North Korea released 3 detained Americans ahead of planned Trump summit
Chances are, Even if Pres Trump brings about peace in the middle East and denuclearization of Korean peninsula, he will not get credit or the Nobel prize. They would just as much give it to Kim Jung Un
False. The nuclear site was already useless It had absolutely nothing to do with the orange turd
Anyone please name 1 thing that @POtuS has done differently from the previous admins in other years.
Try nominating Mr shaw, who stopped a gun toting killer...then started a go fund me page to pay for the victims funerals.  Not one tweet from that basted in the white house about him.  Give me a break. What a joke..can't wait til you all are voted out, we need of dignity back
I can agree with that and I also admit that Barack Obama also admits he never did anything to win the Nobel prize,

Didn't the site collapse?
Messer's seeming sincerity leads to only one conclusion: Messer isn't actually lying, he just that ignorant.
Please consider supporting this fine project! Libarna Urban Landscapes Project (LULP) https://ponyup.boisestate.edu/project/10302?utm_source=scalefunder&utm_campaign=site_share&utm_medium=twitter … #LULP
Your descendants will roll their eyes for many generations when your name is mentioned.

Shithole countries ...
Lukes gonna ride @realDonaldTrump  dick all the way to the Senate 
Take it easy slick... you might want to wait after he is impeached before you start nominating for things
It’s not even a done deal and you’re nominating him?  More GOP desperation and kowtowing to Trump.  PATHETIC.

HAHAHAHAHAHA.. First they have black folks on the @Colts --If you even liked the colts or was halfway decent you would not have sat #complicit with uinAmerican Trump + @VP attacks on #FreeSpeech #Constitution #America @nfl African Americans 2nd Nothing has been done you fool.
Agree; however, they'll probably give the prize to Kim Jung Il.  That's how these A-holes think.  They don't want to give Trump credit for anything.
Why would you do that are you drunk?

Nobel Peace Prize is 1 of 5 Prizes. Since Trump &  Peace are #oxymoron, what other prize should he be nominated for?
Look at that goofy smile. Dumb as a post.
You have gotten to be kidding. Can't believe you would nominate the most demotic, hate filled moron for the Nobel peace prize. You @GOP have either lost your minds or moral compass.


What a brown-nosing kiss ass who's trying to desperately buy Trump supporter votes in the Indiana GOP primary to be the party nominee for US Senate candidate.  Who's gonna drain the swamp now?
Maybe he can come and assault your wives sisters and daughters to make him the most decorated Noballs winner
What a butt kisser. Enjoy your 15 minutes.

dumb fuck
Hey Luke, you should read up on the rules for nominating someone for  Nobel prize. You need to submit nominees your nominee in the same year. At last check, we are in 2018. 2019 nominations are to be submitted in 2019.
ITS HAS COME. HAS COME TO THE TABLE IS BECAUSE OF TRUMP LETS NOT GET CARRIED AWAY JUST YET KIM IS TRICKY!
lmfao!!!!!!!!
The world is laughing at you.

#RIPGOP
#Resist

Were you posting memes of Obama while he navigated our country into food stamp status, record unemployment, and acquiring more debt than all Presidents before him combined?
? record unemployment?
Wrong. Buckey. China cut them off and they're starvin, Marvin.
Good point. And he has finally developed the tech he wants.
