Is Rudy coming on this morning
Or maybe Trump should call in! 
Best president in my lifetime.
Congratulations on your first birthday.
"President @realDonaldTrump is showing that peace through insane unhinged tweets is working, and the only reason that the evil dictator from North Korea is coming to the table is because this president is even crazier than he look."  There, fixed it.
Funny!  But... he is getting played here.  It’s a little suspicious that all of a sudden (with really no work being done by this admin)... Kim is gonna change his whole regime, cuddle with the south?  Hmmm...
Exactly, moon is getting played and Kim has some long game plan.
Thanks FOR THE GREAT interview Rudy. It should put Trump behind bars! You and Trump really are great legal strategists! !  I wonder if Clinton’s Impeachment Attorney will quit before he even starts? I would.
If there was a Nobel for Stupidity I'd honor you with such a medal. Please consider resignation and withdrawal from public affairs. Nominating our vulgar president for anything short of impeachment is beyond ludicrous.
The fool on the hill will soon get
his comeuppance.
Haha do people actually believe this shit? Obviously some deals were made behind the scenes to get Kim to comply. It wasn't from the sabre rattling nonsense but some kind of diplomacy or deal that works in favour of all parties.
President Trump deserves the Nobel Peace prize for actually making peace unlike Obama who won it via a left wing propaganda beauty contest for fool's, sort of a prepaid prize for work that was never accomplished.
How did Trump make peace? You guys haven't explained that yet.

Stared him down from the golf course??? 
How can you people look at yourselves in the mirror before you go on air and not laugh or cry at yourselves? You sound #pathetic!

He did it, you guys! Trump made over 3,000 false claims since taking office. That’s more than 6.5 lies a day. 

But not funny
Well no.  The reason is China, Russia and SK. They're keeping Trump well out of the loop and happy with flattery. Nothing more.
Fox doing everything possible to distract from Rudy's appearance on Hannity last night where he admitted to Trump committing at least one felony (campaign finance violations) and suggested others (structuring).
PRAYING DAILY FOR YOUR MASSIVE HEART ATTACK
#SIMPSONS predicted early DEATH of #FakePresident!
MusicVIDEO!
#UNTRUMP THE WORLD #FREETWITTER 
http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
“You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything”
Likewise (unfortunately) he is very verbal about the women he doesn't find beautiful. 
Dang, you all can lie!

The only reason #NorthKorea is denuking is because they have created an environmental catastrophe on the Korean Peninsula. Not because of @realDonaldTrump! #NOBEL #NobelForTrump what a joke!
Yea about that..
The Kims have always wanted to meet with US Pres. It gives regime prestige
He's at the table because he holds all the chips.
#fakenews #fucktrump
Instead of #NobelForTrump it should be #NoBailForTrump. You people are truly delusional. A pu__sygrabber wins the #NOBEL!
Rudy Giuliani just taught us all that we should always trust a Porn Star over a Christian MAGA Mobster.
Rudy Giuliani just taught us all that we should always trust a Porn Star over a Christian MAGA Mobster.
Surely calling him "rocket boy" and boasting that "My button is bigger than yours. And it works" is the kind of diplomatic engagement that brought Kim Jong Un, crying and shivering in fear, to the table. And there is really a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, too. 
@FoxNews is like a bunch of monkey slinging shit...lies, lies, lies.
With insulting tweets? Delusional.
Kim must be laughing at you guys! So naive!
Except Trump backed down at every opportunity.
He's Got My Vote.....
Kim Jong Un?
My LORD
#replukemesser just one question...Do you swallow after kissing trump's privates, or do you rinse your lips & mouth first??? #replukemesser #lukemesser makes #Indiana / #Indy PUKE!!! Just "SAY NO" to little lukey!
Kim is buying time to figure out where to test nukes after his site collapsed. Period. Smart guy.
Note to Norway, You gave the Nobel Peace Prize to Obama who has done nothing for the peace. President Trump must be recognized his devotion for the denuclearization & the declaration of the Korean War. He brought in two Koreas after 65 years. President Trump earned it.
What a joke
Enjoy your delusion while you can.
President Moon?
Don’t you just love state sponsored propaganda from the states entertainment network
Since Obama got it, it seems to be pretty much a worthless honor.  If I were Trump, I would turn it down.
My bet is the Chinese told him to lay low til that nut job in the WH is gone...
100% me to Luke and  a huge World YES for President Donald J Trump Nobel Peace prize winner! M.M.
This President has Balls the size of Bayonne as in the movie "ERASER "..!!!
Be careful ! Donald Trump of course has shown his strong will to force North Korea to denuclearization, but Russia and China helped significantly to achieve this good result.

Kim Jong-Un is coming to the table because his nuclear program literally collapsed under a mountain.  His has nothing to do with the hot air coming from @realDonaldTrump.
I really hope it works, but let's wait until it actually gets peace in the region.
What does he want? What is he getting? Do not trust Kim jung Un. He wants something, money? He probably wants to host the Olympics because South Korea has, everything is a competition.
Racial tensions all over again in our beautiful nation, caused by none other than Trump and this moron and 17 Trump-puppets are talking about Nobel peace prize?
Hogwash! President Moon and Kim should receive it! Do NOT worry about that now!
Instead worry jobs, roads!
Like Rudy said, they gave it to Obama because it means nothing anymore. Tell the to shove it.
Don't forget the visit to China was first. Kim does "nothing" without China's permission. Imagine Truman taking credit for ending WW 2. FDR had a great influence in defeating the Axis powers.
HOGWASH


Nonsense! trump had NOTHING to do with this! North and South Korea are working their differences out THEMSELVES! Stop promoting this lie!
Actually it's because this (chuckle) bone spur coward let him GET the nukes, and now will LEGITIMIZE North Korea as a world nuclear power by giving him a summit with the (urp) "president" of the USA.
Maybe two evil dictators drawn to each other?!?!

Saw same thing in SA. Sanctions brought country to its knees. Millions suffered and economy never recovered
Yeah we finally have a Man for our pres!
Evil dictator... oh... you mean tRump!
   ... year, that works..
Rudy Giuliani just said on Fox that Trump fired Comey because Comey wouldn't tell Trump that he wasn't a target of the FBI's investigation.

OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!
Rudy Giuliani just said on Fox that Trump fired Comey because Comey wouldn't tell Trump that he wasn't a target of the FBI's investigation.
BREAKING: Trump’s newly retired attorney, Ty Cobb, says that Robert Mueller did NOT leak the questions.  Take that @seanhannity!! Apologize!!
BREAKING: Trump’s newly retired attorney, Ty Cobb, says that Robert Mueller did NOT leak the questions.  Take that @seanhannity!! Apologize!!

Hey, fun times in DC as president signs permit to let coal companies dump mine waste into waterways. Why not? https://www.washingtonpost.com/posttv/videonational/president-trump-signs-resolution-to-permit-mining-waste-dumping-in-waterways/2017/02/21/cde426aa-f84b-11e6-aa1e-5f735ee31334_video.html?utm_term=.38811c6b1a0b …
Right, after all these years that’s all that was needed. A stare down! People are blind, there is clearly something being given in return. Just not public yet.
More like a tweet-down, cuz you know how intimidating those tweets are. If anything, Trump was probably problematic to moon's efforts.
It's talk like your doing is embarrassing all of us,
Still obsessed with Obama.   There is no way racist race baiter and warmonger Donald J Trump will ever get the Nobel Peace Prize.   He will be lucky to survive 4 years in the White House without getting booted from office.
Talk about Giuliani admitting trump repaid Cohen $130,000 to silence Stormy Daniels. Buhahahahahaha. Your house of cards is falling on you communist republicans
The N Korea Leader could be Lyin Beware America Time will tell it always Does Don't let your Guard Down ...............
After #Giuliani confirmation of campaign finance law violation, let's call it the #Nobel Piece of Ass Prize...
...thinks...
The only reason that the "evil dictator" is coming to the table is that CHINA intervened and told him to do it! We are their biggest customer. Emperor Trump is just fooling himself, and his supporters who enjoy stroking his ego, if he tgibks he had anything at all to do with it.
Why are you not reporting that Trump payed his lawyer back the money to keep #StormyDaniels quiet
The POTUS has legitimately earned the Nobel, unlike his predecessor (what’s his name)
I though Jimmy Kimmel might be a contender 
He’ll be in prison strips in a year. Tell us how great he is then.
He threatened to nuke him which he said "wouldn't be good for the rest of the world either"
It was Moon that helped calm things down, not Trump. Moon should be getting the Noble Peace prize.
Trump just played the "mine is bigger than yours" game
Considering last said award (gifted) to an American President, for achieving comparatively nothing, being proclamated Batman would be a higher honor. 
Lol. Yes, change a generational dictator with some stares & rants about red buttons. Who knew that’s all it’d take? Lol Rich.... Fox & guests are pure entertainment.

 The Nobel Prize for Poop Tweets 
Where’s the story about Rudy throwing trump under the bus???
Bitchen!
There was peace in all but name before. All that was happening was Kim was firing off missiles into the sea in a show of his prowess, he hasn't and wasn't going to start firing them at any countries. He's a dictator but he's not stupid.
How can you think insulting tweets made it official. It was China, South Korea coupled with the Olympics which gave him the opportunity to start the process and save face and that was awarded years ago.
Apostle Saint Mary Harris,  Host
No that’s not it! @realDonaldTrump maybe if trump squeezed Putin’s balls so hard with sanctions , he’d be doing something to protects Americans VOTE AND ELECTIONS!!! America first right??? Not when it comes to Russia
1) North Korea’s test site is no longer viable. 2) North Korea lies. 3) trump insulted Kim so bad Kim had something up his sleeves.
NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER, WASHINGTON D
C. DR.HUNT; HOUSE OF BREAD 5th & Main Street PINE BLUFF, Arkansas, will no open beginning @ 7am all day, Service 7pm tonight "WE HAVE DECIDED TO BE UNTIED " PRAYER FOR OUR PRESIDENT, COUNTRY,  ISRAEL,  AND THE WORLD
You don't know that.
Come on Man.
North Korea is only there because China gave the Ok
Also, the nuke mountain collapsed.  LUL
Good for him. 
(Still not convince N. Korea is 100% on board.)
KJU read Ther Art of the Deal. He knows when to hold 'em and when to fold 'em. Knows when to walk away, knows when to run. Hen never counts his money when he's sittin' at the table...
Roflcopter



You're a joke he did nothing

Has anyone seen Percocet? Kelyanne?!! ANYONE!?!?!
Ephesians 6:12
