Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahhaahahahhahahahahahahahahgahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaha!
Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahhaahahahhahahahahahahahahgahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaha!
Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahhaahahahhahahahahahahahahgahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaha!
Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahhaahahahhahahahahahahahahgahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahhahahaha!

This thread couldn't have ended better
You're right! It's the BEST when libtards are TRIGGERED 
You must not watch Desus and Mero
I’m sure your district is embarrassed you “represent” them in Congress. What a joke.
Yep.
I’m so sorry. Pulling for Dan Canon and the IN Blue Wave. My district in OH is solidly Republican.
Dan Canon is running in IN-09, Messer is in IN-06, but he’s trying to run against @SenDonnelly (I pray we don’t trade an honest man for a sycophant). @LaneSiekman is running for Messer’s seat as a Democrat, the likely GOP nominee is Pence’s brother.
I live in the narrow little sliver of IN-06 that dips down through IN-09 almost to the Ohio river...thanks, excessively gerrymandering for weird borders that only serve to spread progressive voters thin!
Have you lost your mind. He is arrogant, nasty, racist a hole   His name should not be added in with the great ppl who been nominated or won this award
Like Obama?
Bot!
Counterpoint: this is the worst idea ever.
Why,because it would make you Butt Hurt?
This is how my tax dollars are being wasted, @RepLukeMesser please step down from office and quit wasting the Indiana tax payers' money
Yeah, because one tiny little medal is enough to break the whole state finances!  Sheesh!  Go back to sleep.
It has nothing to do with the medal itself. Maybe our state representatives should focus more on issues in our state, rather than trying to make a monster into a Nobel Prize winner. Maybe politicians should focus on their constituents, instead of trying to make headlines
Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize

So that must be for amateurs,

 I nominate @realDonaldTrump 
For a spot on Mount Rushmore
I nominate you for a remedial writing course.
BOT
Wasn't it your boy Obama that sold uranium to the Russians,

Gave pallets of cash to the Iranians



And you're going to expose Trump

Blahahahaha 
How many times does the uranium deal have to be explained to you? The money legally belonged to Iran. Please pay attention to facts
You don't want to talk about the uranium deal 
let's talk about deleting 33,000 emails after they're subpoenaed doesn't that sound like destruction of evidence and obstruction,

Blahahahaha 

You care nothing about the law or the truth,

CNN puppet
 This is a joke, right? 
It has to be. Can anyone seriously believe that Trump has championed peace when everything he does is so very divisive? If there were a Nobel Discord Prize, he'd win hands down.

 GreaT!!
Obviously, a blatant insult to Obama. They know no shame.
Some people would argue giving the prize to Obama for what he might do was an insult to Nobel.
People that think fox news entertainment channel is real.
They don't count.
With all due respect I think you need a drug test after saying something so ridiculous
Obama did far less for peace and he got one.
Obama did NOTHING for peace & he got one. Algore also. Nice to have someone America can be proud of be given this progressive award.
Is that before or after the collusion?
Or before or after calling white supremacists very fine people?
Or before or after he went golfing every weekend and threatened a nuclear Holocaust?
dude. you don't really want to do this. you will be mocked for the rest of your life and after that too
So Obama gets it for doing nothing. Trump helps brings denuclearization to NKorea and helps end the Korean War he doesn't get it?
ahm, i won't speak for Dem loyalists but i definitely don't think Obama remotely deserved it. Obama and Trump are both warmongers, loyal to the masters of war who delight in mass death. will you that neither deserve anything called a 'peace' prize?
will you *agree that neither deserve anything called a 'peace' prize?
So someone who helps brings a final end to The Korean War and denuclearizes North Korea doesn't deserve it?
as much as you want to believe it, it isn't true that DT did anything to make this happen. i seem to recall that within the last few months DT publicly threatened to destroy N Korea. as much as you want to believe it, that's not negotiating peace.
consider this wild idea. how about the Peace Prize goes to the N and S Korean officials who actually ended the war?
He saw what Trump- did in Syria and saw He is a President who will do what he says he will do unlike the last one.
You drank the kool-aid.....
You are delusional
Oh, you’re serious?
Is this April Fool's day?
I trust you can provide actual, indisputable evidence of the actions he's taken to make this happen? Because by all accounts, it looks like he had absolutely nothing to do with it.
That's not what the president of South Korea is saying,

#Hater
Don’t ya just love to watch a “Brown-Nose” in action?


Wow.
Do they deliver those things to Leavenworth ?

You can’t find a rock to slither under?
I would like to see how the #tradewar plays out;   I would like to see how disruptive the changes to #NAFTA play out.  I would personally write to the Nobel peace committee and tell him how awful it is to be under a president who cuts 9 Billion from federal education budgets.

OMFG. How does Trump’s asshole taste?
You have lost you ever-loving mind.
Amazon is having a special on Butt Hurt cream this weekend!
Despite your constant myopic view of current affairs and history, every thing happening in the world doesn't occur because of America. Try learning something instead of embarrassing us all ...
Maybe it's me, but "they will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen before" do not exactly sound like the words of a man who has even the slightest association with or desire for peace. Besides his obvious hatred of immigrants, Trump promotes division & bigotry.
You’re out of your mind!

A quick google search would have saved you so much embarrassment. #messereditup #heckno
Hmmm.
Let me see IIUC; Obama does nothing but talk receives the Nobel? While Trump has accomplished something that no other President since Eisenhower has done is not eligible?

Seriously?


P.s. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA hahahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Are threats of raining down fire and fury someone a pre-requisite for a Nobel Peace Prize.  

Don't; tell trump he'll get a "prized piece" as he might think it will cost him another $130K in hush money.

I'm thinking he may want to hold off and make sure that Kim isn't planning a coup in South Korea. The man slaughtered his family to contain power and and now all of a sudden he's handing a Olive Branch to his enemies?? Easier to conquer from inside than on the outside.
Exactly. Something is afoot.
Syria is in rubble.
Puerto Rico still doesn’t have full power.
But we already know you don’t care about them (see your vote against hurricane relief).


Ummmm.... No.
WTF?!!!!   Rage tweeting and name calling is now the criteria for the Nobel Peace Prize?!!!   You are an embarrassment to every Hoosier.
Are you out of your ever-loving mind?  He has caused more division in this country since the civil war and has called Neo Nazis very fine people. Not to mention his treasonous actions with Russia. He deserves to be in jail #MesserIsCrazy
Keep brown nosing Luke
Seriously, he had nothing to do with this. Besides, nothing has been accomplished yet.

Don’t call me Shirley!
That statement is shameful and ignorant.
You need to resign from public office.
He has pictures of you with the hookers, too?
Totally premature and it appears you have no true understanding of the value and importance of the #NobelPeacePrize ... seems you're in Trump's back pocket. What a foolish gesture on your part.
This is the most ill-advised idea ever. I hope your constituents vote you out.
He called their leader a couple names on Twitter
I have every confidence that the Norwegian Nobel Committee is anxiously awaiting confirmation of this nomination. Anxiously awaiting.
That’s absurd. Typical political stunt. Maybe you should wait and see what HAPPENS! Of course, who am I to judge?
Nominate him based on what? He didn't start the talks between the two Koreas, it was South Korea who took the first step, it was South Korea who actually opened the door for and promoted the US-NK talks. 
So exactly what are you nominating him for?
Not covered! have to have contributed to the tax rolls and he hasn’t! Can’t even qualify for Obamacare! Shameful!
Please don't disgrace previous Nobel Peace Prize recipients. This is my 4th tweet in as many years... yes it's that important!
He deserves something but it's far from a Nobel peace prize!!!
Hey!  Speaking of Pulitzer Prizes, why don't you and @stevekingia recognize the @SLTImes a rural newspaper in #IO04 for winning and @PulitzerPrizes for journalism last year?   A lot of it called out the racism and divisiveness  of Steve's public policy.
Pulitzer Prize winner for Editorial writing, Art Cullen features Senator Mark Daly in this weeks editorial of his Storm Lake Times, Iowa, the United States of America
‘Senator Daly from County Kerry Called Monday…
He was recognized in Ireland's Senate but not allowed to have that recognition in Washington.
Honestly I'm surprised you waited this long.
In all seriousness, don't you think it's China's involvement, rather than trump's juvenile name calling on twitter, that may have made the difference?
How big was the check that tRUmp sent you?
I love the lib meltdown below! 
Must RT over & over so they’ll have nothing else to do but go into their safe spaces & be quiet! 
Kinda like doing your Super Bowl Crazy Dance in the first quarter?

As it turns out firm albeit unorthodox forthrightness & Twitter is more effective than echo chambers & cash. @benrhodes
Quick! Get that man a Nobel peace prize for threatening war, wanting to escalate a new nuclear arms race, pulling out of the Paris accord, threatening the balance in the EU, & pushing for war in Iran.

Just look at all the peace balancing on the edge of that knife!
What an ultra maroon


HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA hahahahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
...Deep breath......
Hahahahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Honestly, I think you better wait for that nomination until the Mueller investigation is done!  Wouldn't want to see you with egg on your face!!!!!
Best use of the phrase Liddle Rocket Man.
I can't believe you're serious with this, much less wasting time on it.
Trump is as divisive as they get.
I'm incredibly embarrassed that we're from the same state.
Go focus on your job.
What the hell? Glad I don't vote Republican. Your party continues to embarrass the  state.
lol you’re like a little baby
Lick those boots, Luke! I’m sure you’ll be handsomely rewarded.
Well @realDonaldTrump certainly deserves it more than Obama did.
Obama NEVER deserved it.
Ignore the trolls, Congressman.

America is behind you.
You mean #Amerikkka is behind him. #NoNobel #ImpeachTrumpNow
Terrible idea.

45 was on the verge of pushing #NorthKorea to armed conflict, with us and our allies in the South. He's doing a victory lap for the work the leaders of NK and SK are doing, again taking credit where credit is NOT due. 
Curious that the North has ceased testing. Maybe they no longer need to test because they now have a totally viable nuclear weapons capability?

Also Putin helped put 45 in office, and has disregarded UN sanctions on NK before. He's helping #DonTheCon again. Maybe look closer. 
that’s nice I don’t think anybody ever nominated a Treasonous Traitor, Tax evading, money launderer, sexual assaulter, lier before but good luck with that
I forgot bigot

But, the sad thing is the sheeples in Indiana who refuse to look beyond the "R" next to any pols name will eat this up. You know this, even if it makes you look foolish to anyone else.
Thank you
When I think the Republican party cannot sink any lower, somehow you manage.
LOL. That's pretty funny. Where can I catch your show? #SaturdayMorning
You & he are going to have hissy fits if all goes well & Moon Jae-in (who was really the catalyst for peace here) wins that prize. You don't get Nobel Peace Prizes for spewing bullying tweets & giving dictators nicknames that a middle schooler would call "lame"--sorry.
I'm going to nominate you for the "brown noser, bootlicker, ass-kisser, sycophant" of the year.
For 'Fire and Fury like the world has never seen'? Seriously? Go ahead and nominate...thankfully you don't get a vote. Quote 8/09/2017

So, tell us. What did he promise you? Your own territory in his new country where he's dictator? Or is he paying you? Please be honest.
Are you smoking crack, #RepLukeMesser?
Trumps Muslim bans, shithole comments , anti immigration , turning away refugees not to mention his divisiveness, nazi , nationalist, racists coddling should prevent him from EVER being considered to receive a Nobel Peace Prize. The thought is just absurd. Do better!!


This comedy account is great.
Why stop there?
Can't you have him beatified, canonized & his sainthood recognized?
With all due respect, have you bumped your head recently?
Should nominate Trump for Pulitzer in Fantasy Fiction category.
Hey pence “”buddy”!! Are you high? If not, you may want to look into some meds. Or conversion therapy. As in converting into a normal human being type of therapy

Is this a joke? U think Trump calling Kim Jong Un "little rocket man" is what is making NK and SK talk to each other? Does Trump praising Putin, Gadhafi, Duterte, Xi Jinping, Erdogan...figure into his peace prize at all? Being an infantile, shouting, bully doesn't equal strength.
You need your head examined. I think you are a big ass kisser bc you know how much DT needs praise. You just made the biggest mistake of your political career. DT will hurt you not help you. The blue Wave will make sure you are voted out!!
Hell, throw a nomination over to that gentle dove Bolton while you’re at it. Maybe Dick Cheney too?
What a joke.  Kissing up to Trump for some specific reason?
 Eat some more  they appear to be working...
We're going to take away your drivers license
#BunchOfFools
lol the meeting isn't even scheduled yet
This is the most ridiculous idea I’ve ever heard. 45 and his regime has done more to destabilize this world than any other in the last 40 years. Do the people who stupidly elected you a favor and remove your lips from his backside.
While you're at it can you throw my name on the pile?  I've done just as much screaming at the TV and burger eating as Trump has, it's only fair
Translation: I’m up for a tough re-election and I’m tripping over my dick for an endorsement.
Are you sniffing glue???? I have never seen so much fighting and repulsive bullying since Trump became America's joke.
U know they want trump to have one bc President Obama has one i hate the republican party
Only difference is, the whole world knows Obama deserved one, if they give Trump one it will be the biggest joke in history.
It will im so sick of these folks they are all corrupt they have no integrity no standards or shame
I seriously didn't realize there were so many idiots in America until Trump. 
Its sad
#ETTD Everything tRUmp Touches DIES!!! 
Is your career, family worth the embarrassment?
tRUmp invited the Russians into the Oval Office and shared top classified intelligence w THE RUSSIANS
Are you brown nosing for a cabinet position w @VP once tRUmp is Impeached?  #RIP@GOP
Wait, What?
Thanks Obama ~ 
@GOP Boom Bust on the Horizon #GOPTaxScam 
Charts @Forbes
I plan to nominate Trump to a cell with photos of Ivanka all over the walls and he can masterbate to death. Oh, and mirrors lots of mirrors.
Actually, Thorbjorn Jagland & the Nobel Peace Prize Committee should really follow up on the request to bama to return his 'prize' they gave him ("on the come" ) & demand its return. They should hold it & if this Korean thing happens.... Give it to ....
President Trump !!
Time to stop sniffling glue Luke.
 I just spit my wine!

yes
Nominating a traitor for a Nobel Peace Prize says much about you.
A Leader who proposed the wiping of 25 million people from the face of the earth, does not earn the right to the Nobel Peace Prize for bringing Peace. China brokered the 2 Koreans meeting.
It must be his references to Little Rocket Man that makes him so deserving of that honor.
Grand idea!! Congratulations to President Trump for bringing Americans to this historical moment! @MAGA @DonaldTrump
I have a nice piece of Florida swamp land I can sell you if you think he's worthy of it. That man doesn't even come close to being worthy of the Nobel Peace prize. Was it him saying he can grab a woman's
pu$$y or the amount of times he hired prostitutes? He deserves 
Is this a parody account?
He should of got it for being the first non POLITICIAN to win the HIGHEST OFFICE in the land. Obama did just because of the color of his skin. Trump was the biggest upset in politics ever . He is the oldest , richest to win with out any support of the establishment.
Are you INSANE??????
Sure, because we're living in the upside-down
And I nominate you for the “biggest joke in the House” award.
What an embarrassment you are. Sincerely
When this blows up in his face will you withdraw that nomination?
You missed April 1st with this shit
Even as his own country is being destroyed from within? Are you delusional? Hate crimes here are up. There's more division than since the 60s or the Civil War. Really?!?!
Eh, I voted for the guy and still agree with his decisions (that he makes collectively with his cabinet) however he is quick on the trigger.  I'd be interested to know other options for Nobel peace prize. I suspect there are some amazing people who aren't always plastered on news
Trump and His Companies Have Been Sued for Sexual Harassment 20 Times http://for.tn/2dY2fiN  via @FortuneMagazine
‘I have to see you again’: How Trump’s alleged affair with a porn star spilled into public view
The Stormy Daniels hush money scandal is a big deal. We're treating it that way. https://usat.ly/2FywmLj  via @usatoday

When grandpa's telling the same stories again and you can't get him off the phone 
BBC News - Stormy Daniels and Trump: Polygraph backs affair claim

All Donald Trump's creepiest comments about his daughter Ivanka
Physically Attacked by Donald Trump - a PEOPLE Writer's Own Harrowing Story http://people.com/politics/donald-trump-attacked-people-writer/ … via @people
Trump partied at club known for simulating bestiality, S&M, golden showers http://dailym.ai/2G7DxLY  via @MailOnline
You’re not fooling anyone, worm.
You're a bad guy
Shame on you. NK & SK specifically told Trump to not attend. They didn't want him. Trump has brought the US closer to nuclear war than any prez in recent decades. He is a failure ethically and professionally.
Good one.
This goofball isn't running for Congress this year - instead, he's going to try to get into the Senate. Oh boy. Indiana, here's your chance to have a Democrat represent the 6th district.
HE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT.
Are you on CRACK?!
Luckily more intelligent less manipulating people judge this then.  Stop conning the American people.  #BlueWave2018 #Resistance

I’ll have whatever you’ve been smoking.
Irony:   American Right Wing would have staged a coup if Obama agreed to meet for talks with North Korea before ANY benchmarks or confidence-building measures were met.  #Nobel
This is what good little lapdogs to authoritarians do.  Good boy Luke, here's a biscuit. I'm sure the global cabal of trump/mercers/bannon/putin/NRA/mob will rewards you with lots of liver treats for helping to further distract, divide & undermine our democracy. Good boy. Ruff.
Hahahahah.   Donald doesn’t know what the hell he is doing.  Doesn’t even have an ambassador in Korea.  Fired his Sec of State.   Any progress goes to the Korean people, Pres Moon Jae In, the Olympics, and the North Korean nuclear program (which remains 100% intact).
Smh. I wonder if he'll STILL be involved in a criminal/civil trial or in PRISON if & it's a BIG "IF", he gets it.  @realDonaldTrump #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #TrumpConspired #TrumpIsAnEmbarrassment #TrumpIsGuilty
Are you drunk?

This is the DUMBEST idea EVER! This world has not known peace since November 2016. Thousands of people have been hospitalized and terrorized since the rigged elections, myself included. Never before in this nations history have I felt so afraid to wake up everyday. #TrumpTheDevil
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Kind of like nominating the devil for sainthood.
#WTF are you talking about??

Peace?? Trump??

Oh, Gawd...
Ahahahahahahaha hahahahahaha happy belated April Fools day! Oh my gosh, you’re deluded! Talk about visions of grandeur; what’s that called?
No, “Representative” Messer (R-Moscow), this puppet dance between toddler trump and lil’ kim jong is part of a melodrama orchestrated by Vladimir Putin.

If you’re buying in to all this, you’re either corrupt or quite dim.

Or both.

#MuellerTime
NOT going to happen. Trump wants one because Obama has one. He will NEVER be the man or President Obama was.


THE  REALITY 

"if we .. [ Moon & Kim ] 
can't come to an agreement together right now ...
Trump's gonna bomb the fuk outta North AND South Korea!! " 
#NobelPeacePrize

Nominations start September.https://www.nobelprize.org/nomination/ 
The f$%k it is. But nice try.
Too early.   Still work to do.  He wouldnt want that yet.  He realy wants to earn it.
After Obama ruined it.. That would be awesome
I mean, at least this saves us the trouble of wondering if Luke Messer is mentally fit to hold office.
I also want you all, to let him to do his job. Stop the phony investigation. Americans have had enough. Shut down Mueller witch hunt. #MAGA
He doesn’t want that meaningless medal! They gave it to obama and obama hasn’t done anything. Look at all the losers on that list
You're a delusional suck-up.
Are you talking about Dotard Dons threats to blow N.Korea off the planet? Because I hardly think that that warrants a peace prize
Are you out of your ever-loving mind? The man who has alienated all our allies you think is worthy of the Nobel Peace Prize. Go. Check yourself in for immediate and intensive psychological help.
Lol
Jealousy that the Grand Old Hypocrites show is amazing. Still so upset that Obama won the Nobel price. Was a better President. Better Husband. Better Man. But the #MoronInChief is beating O in one way. Trump 2100 confirmed lies in 1 year. Now that's a record O cannot beat
You are such a dip...first of all, there is not yet a peace plan there, and...oh, yeah... nothing says “Nobel Peace Prize”  like name calling “Little Rocket Man”, taunting “My nuclear button is bigger and more powerful”, or “...fire and fury like the world has never seen.”...
This idea is really messed up. President Spanky deserves nothing but jail time.
I plan to nominate you presidential ball washer of the year

Seriously?
All this fool has done is cause unnecessary chaos & destruction of our country. You are really disconnected from reality to  think he's responsible for any peace. He is responsible for bringing us to the brink of nuclear war and now has the balls to take credit for Korea talks?
Are you so stupid you don’t realize “Little Rocket Man” completely upstaged Trump by negotiating with South Korea directly?  Trump did what he usually does: Nothing!  Kim beat the DOTARD!

Nope. Dope. Wait 6 months.

What about South Korean leader? He is the one talking to NK.
Lol
http://Are.You .Fucking.Kidding?
