Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Fox News is state propaganda.
Wait, what? Okay, so in this parallel universe you speak of, @BarackObama makes up nicknames for a foreign leader, threatens nuclear armageddon repeatedly, and apparently doesn't consider the consequences to the entire planet. And then wants to take credit from South Korea? No.
so you want this idot to get a nobel peace prize for threatening to bomb a country with nuclear bombs?  Remember his really big button?
Lmao vote this clown out
Psst...Nominations were due Feb 1st Luke (simple google search dude)
So I guess Fox Buisness is now Fox News.  Fox News should be sued by the viewers it has betrayed for years.  The network is a wicked lie designed to spread fear. The channel is a ginned up parade of carnival barkers and snake oil salesmen that hate the poor Americans who tune in.
How bout that porn star payoff? Is there a Nobel Prize for that?
The man who calls African countries shitholes
The man who calls Mexicans bad hombres,rapists
The man threatened to nuke the Korean Peninsula
Who is sued by a porn star for defamation
Who has multiple lawsuits for fraud and corruption
Who is under criminal investigation
Got it
Such an action, supporting and lauding the laziest, most destructive, self-serving potus in history serves 2 purposes: proves why every GOPcandidate in November must be removed and highlights which of you idiots must be the first to go.
Nobel will likely weigh the many Trump negatives against the positive.  The Nobel panel takes climate change seriously and will not reward man who broke US leadership on the issue. And that seems quite fair.

Sycophant.
So all u have to do is call people names or bully them with trade wars to get it ! Take credit for stopping Nk nuclear site even though mountain collapsed no nuclear site left !   Great work lol
No, YOU would "bad deal, worst in history, never trust North Korean" - essentially everything you currently say about the Iran deal, ergo why Obama was worst Pres ever. So, nice try at pseudo-logic, for half a sec you sounded like smartest 4th grader on the playground.
Do you owe him money? Wth?  Did younwatch Guilliani on @FoxNews ?? Lol #wakeup
Lol!

18 House Republicans have nominated Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize.

— Trump has attacked the Free Press.…
Yeah no doubt... it ain't over yet though...let's all hang on a while first before throwing victory
45 did NOTHING but appear unstable!
first of http://all.im  really happy that NK and SK are talking.I just don’t attribute it to the orange fat man infesting the WH. It’s the hard work of Moon who really deserves the prize.all trump did is play golf and call kim childish names.
that must be why it was President Moon that made the recommendation. 

South Korea's president calls for Trump to get the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on North Korea
President Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts on the Korean Peninsula. #NobelPeacePrize #Trump

I think Stormy Daniels Daniels should get it, imagine looking up and seeing Trump on top of you. OMG 
This is just white privilege http://talking.Here  is the man who deserves a Nobel
.@RepLukeMesser  LOL  .@realDonaldTrump "who dubbed Kim 'Little Rocket Man,' boasted about his larger nuclear button and promised to unleash on North Korea 'fire and fury like the world has never seen' — as a Nobel peacemaker may seem, to many, incongruous." @axios quoted.
How pathetic
Are you all you people actually that's stupid to realize that President Trump has gotten two countries to communicate, and has arranged a meeting with them? And no other president has been able to do this. He stops a war and all you do is complain about it
The man is an obviously delusional KISS UP to tRump because he won his state.  Remember, Honey, that tRump didn't win the POPULAR VOTE; that means there are MORE Americans who want him in jail. He doesn't deserve a copy of the Nobel.
Lol lol lol lol lol
VOTE THIS POS OUT! #BlueWaveComing2018
Nobel panel probably will not be impressed since Trump also threatened war with NK and Iran, ramped up military conflict in Syria and cannot get the lights back on in Puerto Rico months after hurricane.
I didnt know they awarded NPP for adultery.
Trump already nominated himself...TWICE!
You Republicans must live in a vacuum.  The rest of the world acknowledges Trump, is an idiot.
You should be working on your majority run Judicial Committee to draw up articles of Impeachment.
Its funny. It’s funny because you have so many other more important things to tend to but still you just carry on in this useless effort. Can’t wait to see the mental gymnastics you and @indgop perform to sell this to your constituents. They buying’?
UPDATE: China just stopped buying U.S. soybeans (https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-02/china-has-stopped-buying-u-s-soybean-supplies-bunge-ceo-says …). That's going to hurt the 30 pro-Trump districts in the map below --> https://twitter.com/JoshuaGreen/status/990955523183955968 …
Put the crack pipe down.

@realDonaldTrump I just don’t think they should give a Nobel Peace Prize to a man who said he grabs women by the pussy or just starts kissing them without their permission. #MolesterInChief #NoNobel
Seriously? He bullies and attacks everyone. Are you and the others who nominated him drunk on the Kool-Aid??? Shame on you.
And media would be going bonkers.
Melting????
Jergens and tissue stock would be skyrocketing!
 fun thinking about it!
Did ANYONE or ANYOTHER COUNTRY DO IT!!!  No President Trump did!!

Can you imagine if Obama had his kids working in the Whitehouse, hired crooks and criminals for every position, had 12 of his admin working w Russia and accepting money, ran the WH like a mobBoss, paid A mistress to get an abortion, play boy bunny and a porn star while married
The fact that they can’t recognize the global implications of this and how significant Trumps role has been in achieving this may be the greatest indictment against the lefts divisive attitude and approach
Yes , thank god china stepped in to move people towards possible peace, xi Should get  peace prize
They would be silent  for a second and then start complaining and doing nothing as usual
Obama! Obama! Obama! That’s what you would hear
