They usually don’t give the Nobel Peace award to massogonistic  liars no matter who they are!!
Seriously; they gave one to @BarackObama for no apparent reason.
Oh but first black president 
Bit of a racist are you??
Lol - just know that’s the only reason obummer got it
What’s the other ?
Who are y’all directing this question to?
Anyone, for what reason did @BarackObama win a Nobel peace prize?  Even those who awarded that prize are now questioning this.
@realDonaldTrump sexually assaulted more than 20 women. He's laundered money for Russia for over 25 years.

Damn, there are those pesky facts again.  We all know trumpeteers don't care about facts.  They'll look at this, shrug their shoulders and proclaim "fake news!".
And looks like more to come.
That can't possibly be true. https://youtu.be/ZGZFhEF7l3U  /s
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!  Excuse me while I fall on the floor and laugh my butt off!  He lies more than a rug!  That's just hilarious.  He wouldn't know the truth if it came up and smacked him.

Obama never had to worry about his mobster lawyer flipping on him.

Obama never had to worry about a special counsel…

When you aren't sure if you've shit yourself or thrown the @POTUS under a massive fucking bus. 
I don’t believe our @POTUS cares abt that #NobelPeacePrize....he only cares abt our country #Winning! @BarackObama showed weakness & won...but @realDonaldTrump shows #Strength! Keep it up Mr President!


Here's the moment Rudy Giuliani told Sean Hannity that "they funneled the [$130,000] through a law firm, and the president repaid it.” 
Hahaha....wait your serious? the #MoronInChief doesn't even qualify for a Razzie award
You better praise President Donald J. Trump for his fantastic work.
What work?
In that case, I nominate Pruitt for chemistry, Hannity for literature, Jackson for medicine and DeVos for physics.
Please solve this issue, save innocent people from Chinese Communist Evil Party, asap.
Kellyanne Conway’s husband:
https://www.fec.gov/help-candidates-and-committees/handling-loans-debts-and-advances/personal-loans-candidate/ … 
"Ok. you went there? ok. that is sexist"~~@KellyannePolls  her own husband. @POTUS
Who is this jerk?  Does he have any idea what Trump and his corrupt administration are doing to our country.  Does he care.  What a joke.  Does he understand the work that was done before Trump, by the U.S., China and SoKo? Rep Luke Messer must NEVER, EVER BE ELECTED again
I will bomb the shit out of them?

Little rocket man?

Fire and fury?

Nobel would be spinning in his grave. That and the fact North Korea blowing up their nuclear testing facility helps I suppose...hmmmm
OK, I’ll bite. Name one thing he did, other than tweeting and name-calling, that would allow him to claim any credit for Korea. It seems as if this is happening despite, rather than because of his actions — which escalated conflict. Peace through strength is bullshit.
As he poop tweets insults and tries to instigate turmoil, yea I think they will consider the person as a whole, and Trumps  a POS
I’d rather wait till a rather rotund lady exercises her vocal chords in a melodic way...
Not gonna happen... we don't reward serial sexual assaulted with prizes
President Trump’s work is transcending the Nobel Prize.. Of course if the organization has any remaining credibility they will give the Nobel Prize to President Trump. But he will end up with a much more prestigious and real award.. Peace and real accomplishments..
Everyone wants a trophy nowadays 
Note to Norway, You gave the Nobel Peace Prize to Obama who has done nothing for the peace. President Trump must be recognized his devotion for the denuclearization & the declaration of the Korean War. He brought in two Koreas after 65 years. President Trump earned it.
the Peace Prize shall be awarded to  the person who in the preceding year "shall have done the most or the  best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction  of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses".  Not Trump.
Yes he does! Trump winning! 
peace prize for threatening war.
Have no fear, Trump will mess it up long before that. Everything he touches turns to crap.
As he said, ALL he wants to do is get it done for the people of the world.

I love you Mr. President.

These are great times.
i hope he gets it and impeached in the same month just for sheer irony.
As opposed to someone from South Korea 
“Nobel, Nobel, Nobel!...”    If feckless Obama received one, Trump deserves two 
Xi facilitated negotiations between Kim and Moon while Don the Con was golfing and making up juvenile Twitter  tweets.
Just hold on on that, please. LAST time we gave a @POTUS the Nobel Peace Prize, the dude proceeded to  support terrorists and destroyed TWO MORE countries.
Mmm yah, they don't give Novel prizes to guys who threaten to incinerate hundreds of thousands of innocents.

The delusions of @GOP toadies hoping to distract from the criminality and corruption of the stupidest, most xenophobic @POTUS America has ever had. He had NOTHING to do with peace. Pretending he did is an insult to everyone who's actually involved. #SAD
If offered you should refuse it mr. president, another institution taken over by far left.  once a great gift now political
So, peace at home?   Could we end our  Muslim Majority travel ban in place by trump’s executive order?     Can we have ICE stop asking non Caucasian’s for their papers?    Peace is missing at home

Yeah, anyone who name calls as much as he does does deserve it. 

#WTF  
Spoiler:
Money Launderers for the Russian Mafia don't win these kinds of prizes
Not a fan of trump but i do agree with that but so does the north & south korean leaders aswell & will trump remove nuclear weapons from korea
"Nobel peace prize "?. You mean he should get a lump of coal for destroying our country.
I don't think there's a catagory for predatory psychopaths. Peace prize nomination might prove to be the joke of the century?
Nope
For cyber bullying?

#replukemesser just one question...Do you swallow after kissing trump's privates, or do you rinse your lips & mouth first??? #replukemesser #lukemesser makes #Indiana / #Indy PUKE!!! Just "SAY NO" to little lukey!
LOL #VichySquad Have you ever seen a bigger group of groveling, sycophantic, sniveling Vichy toadies? Holy crap.
@realDonaldTrump has as much chance of winning a Nobel prize as he does a lifetime membership to MENSA.
If Obama was a recipient of the NP for the nightmare decisions he made, then TRUMP has to win it. M East to Far & S East admire a STRONG MAN
I’m not saying @realDonaldTrump should get a Peace Prize, but @BarackObama got one in the same week he okayed a missile to be launched at the Moon for the first time ever.
A Nobel, at the least, is premature at this stage. Let’s see what does or does not develop between North and South Korea. So far, the Korean leaders are certainly possibilities if they succeed.
This is actually a very rational response! I don’t see it happening, but I think Trump is terrible. 

I’m curious, if Obama had paid $130,000 to a porn star, and was in a similar position with the situation in the Koreas, would you feel the same?


Please, if you can, tell me why he deserves a Nobel Peace Prize?

I think he’s an awful human being.

I would like to engage in a civil conversation. I’m really curious as to what you think.
You must mean a Nobel Idiot prize? 17 folks not being re-elected if they are so dumb to nominate a corrupt president for something Putin began last October and it was reported on http://Tass.com  but why would care? crooked is what crooked does.
One Korea how in past one Germany, it is really very good news!








.@RepLukeMesser  LOL  .@realDonaldTrump "who dubbed Kim 'Little Rocket Man,' boasted about his larger nuclear button and promised to unleash on North Korea 'fire and fury like the world has never seen' — as a Nobel peacemaker may seem, to many, incongruous." @axios quoted.
Let’s see if it unfold any differently than 2000
GIVE  HIM THAT PRICE FOR BOMBE  MEDICINE FAKTORY IN SYRIA THERE MAKE PAIN KILLER, BECAUSE HE BOMBE FOR ACEMICAL ATTACK THERE NEVER WAS ANY INVESTIGATION ON OTHER THAN SOCIAL MEDIA AND WHITE HELMET THERE WAS PAID 26 MILLION DOLLER THE WEEK BEFORE THE ATTACK WITH GAS BOTTLE CARY IN
Nothing has changed in NK, yet!  It’s ridiculous to suggest Trump is worthy of a Noble, especially when our country is not a peace!
Yep just like @BarackObama, only @POTUS has actually accomplished something towards peace .
Name one peaceful thing Trump has accomplished! Nothing has happened with NK yet and it remains to be seen if anything does. Trump has accomplished nothing !
Great job!!
What he did other than made up #nicknames and tweeted stupid threats? This issue was solved by #Koreans only. He took credit for an inherit robust economy left by #POTUS44 and now we’re talking about giving away a #NobelPrize to him for doing again absolutely nothing. Sad!
Is that you, Barack?
Hey GOP Rep. Messer,
Now is the time for you & Trump to say "Thank you" to SKorean President Moon Jae-in & to Rex Tillerson who both ignored Trumps stupid tweets. Especially Trump's ignorant tweet saying Tillerson was wasting his time negotiating with NKorea

Trump is so GD inept
Lol... stop doing comedy part time and start doing your job.
Stop talking about that damn nobel peace crap it doesn't mean nothing. Obama got one for invading Libya selling out to Putin
You mean IF peace comes to the Korean peninsula.
CNN will recommend Maxine Waters!
The bully has done nothing to deserve a Noble . Moon yes, and Kim ok. trump no way
LOL!! Is there a prize for World's Biggest Sucker"? That's what Trump should get.
He deserve it alright but he should not take it.  noble is no longer Noble, it is an instrument of #Globalist committed to destroy #AmericanExceptionalism and handover #GlobalLeadership to #UnelectedDictatorship like #China and the #WTO.
With $130,000 for prostitution he could of help a family or donating to Children cancer funds.   Nobel man ?
If demeaning the North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un and name-calling him “little Rocket Man” numerous times and threatening nuclear war on the Korean Peninsula is a “Peace Prize” requirement...then, yeah he deserves it...
Liberal democrats would like to give POTUS a Nobel prize in Impeachment.
So Luke Messer cares more about peace in Korea than he does about 30 million people thrown off of Healthcare??
Barack got a nobel prize for being Black/Legit... Trumps trying to earn one.

Awesome if he gets a good relationship built
Your doing a great job Mr. President but just remember the Nobel peace prize and a $1.50 will get you a cup of Joe. Keep up the tremendous work.
So, you think NK DOESN'T have a communist form of government? That'd be mighty foolish if you really did! Communism doesn't just go away. It must be repelled!
Take away obamas first
Doubtful, the thought is delusional at best.

Maybe wait until you cross the goal line before celebrating. North Korea still has their nukes. No real indication they plan to hand them over.



no
#sad 

Trump’s Nobel Peace Prize nominations ‘forged’, committee says
Another bull crap to go to his head,  this bama is so broke, he will pawn this prize. He dont deserve nothing, but a boot from Muller, to the nearest jail
By standards established by obama, he deserves one simply for being president.
He needs to do something to create the peace.   Allowing a nuclear ICBM, isn't a good start for the peace agreement.
And the Nobel committee is to simply ignore Trump warlike threats against Iran???  deemed compliant with the accord we signed. And his move of the US embassy to occupied Palestinian territory??? Ya, I’m sure they will see him as a peace broker.
Stop talking about that useless prize. There are so many other issues.
Oh so calling other countries, shithole, insulting other leaders, getting into trade wars, lowering our world standing, equals earning the Nobel Peace?  Dang, these Trump ass kissers have lost their damn minds!
L
He is not the only one. It took other countries also for this to happen. Anyway the malignant narcissistic president hasn’t even had his meeting with N Korea.  It could change dramatically before he makes it.
I do believe you need a check up from the neck up
For what.. sending a few childish tweets.
No, we should wait until his presidency is over and weigh it at that point. Korea still has nukes, and the whole Iran thing is about to open up. At this point he isn't worthy.
How do you when a Nobel peace prize by telling a country your going to destroy them?
If this is the committee, he’s a shoo-in
For insults. For name calling. For colluding with an enemy state. For lying to American people. For boasting of sexual asssualt. For being a traitor. For high treason.

Dems won’t do it
Try mount Rushmore
No other president could bring peace to Korea from Truman to Trump only Trump could bring “Peace” and let us not forget Dennis Rodman who help to influence Kim Jong Un!!!!! That’s right folks Dennis Rodman!!!!
That's how Sick Trump supporters have become.  Ya think peace & reunification will come?  Ya think the Demilitarized Zone will be eliminated &Troops on both sides of the demarcation can and will be withdrawn? I'm making a fresh batch of Kool Aid for the Deplorable & Unrealistic!
Yeah a man that has lied since day one definitely involved with Russia help run a tax scam got lots of money missing laundered. Taking Healthcare away from Millions has screwed everything that has a pulse pushes bigotry and Hate no morals Nobel Peace Prize#joke
Obama got one for being black, so I don’t see Trump getting one for bringing literal peace to the Korean Peninsula, and securing the release of American political prisoners.
The bar is set outside of Trump’s grasp.
The want Trump to get the accolades Obama got. Noble peace prize? Really? Laughable. 
For what? S.Korea and China did this....trump just made an ASS of himself, with his name calling and immaturity.
Trump can say he has the biggest crowd is when he is impeached.
AMEN & AMEN AGAIN PRES TRUMP GREAT JOB! @HouseCracka @BBCWorld @BreitbartNews @nypost @FinancialTimes @nytimesworld @engpravda
Rudy Rudy. #45...huh!
They will choke as they hand it to the PRESIDENT Donald Trump,  they would rather use it as a way to honor Globalists.
You are just fucking mad. I wouldnt give Trump the pickings out of my nose. Nobel peace prize my arse.

He deserves NOTHING. HE HAS BETRAYED THE FREE WORLD.
Lol sexual
“The Nobel Peace Prize winner is chosen by the Norwegian Nobel Committee, which is made up of five members appointed by the Norwegian parliament“

Now think back on the Norwegian response to trumps racist comments about shithole countries!

They will simply laugh and say NO!
Nobel prize for trying to protect his wife by covering up that he slept with lots of women by lying to them he'd help their careers?
Yes
LOVE OUR PRESIDENT !! May God give him strength to move forward in MAGA!!
The only one he's getting...
He has literaly tried to escalate the situation.  He has not been involved in the peace talks.
The Koreans should  - this one was only the sheriff...
Typical USA want honours before end. Im sure he doesnt care about such token gestures. He has surely a moral compass most have lost
Translation: I really need your racist endorsement, Mr. "President", in my already largley racist state.
President Trump reimbursed Michael Cohen for a $130,000 payment to Stormy Daniels, Rudy Giuliani said. That contradicts earlier versions of what happened.
#shitpostforpeace
Cry more
trump praised by Fox "news" for any bull crap progress because trump loves flattery and those that flatter him
That's a big IF & IF it does indeed take place I still have to wonder who did the heavy lifting here because it sure seems like South Korea is doing all the talking & taking all the risk. The sycophancy of elected officials to Trump makes me embarrassed for them...just pathetic
Ok—one more time:
These people seem mentally challenged:

The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded to those that use peaceful means to secure peaceful outcomes.

Trump almost started a nuclear war....automatic disqualification!!!
You must be drunk
He resolved a conflict that we had to withdraw from, a war that was going on for decades, and did it without an army.  That's impressive enough, seeing if the Nobel Peace prize applies to this has me curious.
STASH of money hidden away just in case.... @SpeakerRyan  @PRyan .... no different.
LOCK HIM UP!
Agree, but let’s not count our chickens before they hatch.
who else would be in consideration, Maybe Kim>?

Here's the tweet Fox News deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
