No, and why are you having that drunk on the air?
Why are my tax dollars being spent on Trump’s adult grifter children’s business venture trips to Dubai, India, China, etc.?  Why are my tax dollars being spent at Trump’s golf courses?  Trump is a grifter.
You should be more concerned with abuse of tax dollars by many of Trump’s Cabinet, the millions of $ spent on Trump’s golf trips, the millions of $ Trump is spending on a vanity military parade (which most Americans agree is wasteful). Sanctuary cities? Not so much.
Can we take it one step further? 

If these sanctuary areas are refusing to give accurate census representation they should get zero funding. 

If they can’t complete the paperwork accurately keep sending it back with a penalty for future funding.
How about stopping tax $ to go to Scott Pruitt's lavish life style, stop tax $ to fund Trump's sons while they go on company business trips around the world?, stop tax $ to fund Trump's golf addiction and never ending trips to Mar-a-Lago, and stop tax $ going to Mnuchin's wife
I agree, no our tax dollars to illegals.
How can a serious politician go on record & approve of Trump? We are not stupid, we all know he is a moron & you riding on his coattails makes you look http://weak.So  you agree with the way he is doing things because his ship s sinking & you are on it..
Please! Please!
Why did TRUMP telegraph to PUTIN exactly what our military will be doing?? #fckingMoron
No, mine are going to:
Make up for the 40 million owed by Michael Cohen
For the 30,000 dollar desk in Carson’s office
For ALl the #ScottPruitt is waisting on private jets
For #Trump golf trips and vacations to NJ & Mar-a-lago
The taxes trump doesn’t pay! 
#TaxDay #TaxReform
Are they going on fat cûnts playing too much golf? Probably. Ban fat orange cûnts from golfing? Taxpayers save MILLIONS. Win win 
Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion in taxes with no chance of getting any benefits from paying into social security, medicare and medicaid.

I'm on your side on this issue Rep. Messer...
Your tax dollars go to ConDon's golfing EVERY FCN WEEKEND
Y'all are all for state's rights unless those states do things like have sanctuary cities.
As long as they stop corporate welfare by rolling back the #GOPTaxScam. That bill Has a slim chance of making it through Congress and would most certainly be struck down by the courts
Fck him and fck Fox
No . They're going to pay for Trump CONSTANT golf trips.
Paying for his KIDS to go on trips
Then there's the assorted riff-raff, call them an 'administration' spending for trips, security, golf carts!!!!
PS
REALITY CHECK:
Innocent people don't freak the f*ck out when they are being investigated.
Smart people don't tell people they are smart.
Real Presidents don't tweet military plans ahead of time.…
My tax dollars are also going to red states that, on average, don’t pay their way. 

How about a bill to stop those subsidies or nah?
Blue cities and states prop up red states.
Defund these criminals and those that hide and protect them
Love it. Pass it
Almost all of our tax payer dollars go towards fat, lazy American voters.   Stop that first.
Get Ryan to act on it or he too busy preparing for Farewell parties to do any work
Yes!
I propose a bill to fix a lot of problems. 
Its called #TermLimits
#ReplaceCONgress 
#OustGOPincumbents 
#OustAGSessions
Of course they are. Every day in nearly every public school, for one.
Why aren't those running being prosecuted?
Hopefully you get support on this!! @RepDeSantis @ScottforFlorida
Yes
If California wants the illegals, then THEY can pay for them NOT THE REST OF US.
Like eye was saying Indian eye do not drink coffee or try do bad things on the 7th day
Sounds good to me.
Yes! And stop the wasteful spending. And where is our solution to this healthcare disaster? We have not forgotten about it!! The healthcare costs, hospital costs are NUTS! Why are we not calling them out? Unbelievable!!
https://daily.jstor.org/sanctuary-cities-as-old-as-bible/ …
There should never have been sanctuary cities in the first place
Great bill push hard
I know they’re going to Mar-a-Lago.
And travel for his millionaire grown kids.....I wonder what the running total is so far.......

What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
