He threatened nuclear war over Twitter!
Trump Tweets worked...Little Kim blinked...came to the table...and is shutting down & giving up his nukes...the previous POTUS was a nice guy people like...blow smoke up people’s asses while allowing NK 2 develop a hydrogen bomb...prefer a POTUS that is feared and gets results
I think having the Olympics in South Korea had more to do with the peace process than Trump did. They had to work with each other

If a Nobel is to be awarded because all goes well with N. Korea, the South Korean president deserves it not Trump. 
Moon Jae-in was the level headed when Trump & Kim Jong-un were talking about who's button was bigger.
Clueless
Nah actually that’s pretty accurate
Apparently you have never worked for the government..
Apparently you have never seen Trump’s tweets.
Go sleepy now
NK accidentally blew up their whole mountain & silos during testing last Sept. Don't you listen to the news or read the reports coming in from Asia? Geeze, lil Kim can't test now so he's playing nice with his neighbors.There are facts & there are lies.Quit lying, we can all read.
The problem here is simply that Trumpers don't read either (along w the buffoon in the WH). They listen to him and possibly Fox News. That's it.
What exactly did He do? Name calling earn you the title of Dotard
Messer is a massive Vichy toady and a spineless, groveling ass kisser. His kids will be shamed their whole lives.

I nominate @dennisrodman for the #NobelPrize #WednesdayWisdom
It's ... Only 34%  of the country and 0.00000001 % of the world agree with you... Good luck mate

1) there’s no peace yet, 2) being a bully does not deserve a recognition of humanity’s greatest efforts towards peace, 3) BLOW ME
Blow me fool
I’m good, thanks!
Glad all the comments here point out the bullshit logic of trump’s nobel nomination and the ridiculousness of his entire administration. Perhaps there is hope...
There are 18 of you that all decided to wake up stupid today???

Excuse my intelligence but Trump has  done nothing to improve relations with N Korea. He has done just the opposite by his childish name calling. trump is not a leader but a destroyer.
This has the potential to be one of the most consequential historical moments in last 100 years=fall of Berlin Wall... All 11 Presidents since Truman signed Armistice in 1953 ending Korean War failed...This is HUGE & A MASSIVE win 4 Trump who may have finally solved this problem
Yeah they really don’t issue the Nobel Peace Prize to people who threaten to wipe out entire countries.
Bwahahahahaha  omg, that’s hilarious!
How? By calling Kim Jong Un names?

This is a desperate bid to recover from their loss of nuclear testing sites, and nuclear scientists.

What's Trump got to do with the price of beans in Peru?
No, it’s not Mike. You sound crazy!

Ask #Drumpf when the Korean War was fought. Who were the major players? Why was the DMZ created? What does DMZ stand for? He won’t get a single one right!

It is sad and embarrassing that a so-called political party, has sold out to a lunatic!
The Nobel prize nomination deadline ended in January, and trump will be impeached and/or imprisoned for conspiracy by next time. Oh well. 
Progress? You have validated Kim Jung Un on the world stage. Try some facts. You're way out over your skies on this one but keep blindly sucking up.
You forgot to add the Obama was black and trump is the preferred shade of white. 
Messer is from the same state of Pence. They are all scratching each other’s backs. 
 This is a joke right??!!!! I mean it really is a joke! 
Because this is the way that works.  Hey, @NobelPrize, just in case, here’s some info on sending money to a federal inmate.  https://www.bop.gov/inmates/communications.jsp#money …
Brings joy and tears to my eyes to FINALLY see our President being acknowledged and appreciated! What took you so long?

Please prove that statement with detailed facts. I’ll be waiting...
The Nobel to a rapist, child molester, Liar Extraordinaire, racist, etc? You must be sick in the head if you think he deserves it.

How can you support such a man. I bet it will come out that he’s paid for abortions for mistresses and maybe wives. So Jesus-like, eh?

Since the North Korean testing site has collapsed, this is just a ruse and we are getting played.
How ? All he did was threaten him with tweets ( ?) and call him fat Rocketman ? How is that worthy of anything but embarrassment. North and South came together after the Olympics and it had nothing to do with 45. Gimme a break!!
I am also reminding @NobelPrize @NobelPeaceOslo that trump promised missiles to Ukraine to get Ukraine to obstruct Mueller investigation. #BlueWave #impeach #treason #criminal #MAGA
Didn’t China say their testing site collapsed? If so, then the rubble is more deserving than the asshat who shit tweets his diplomacy.
I'm sure N Korea's testing facility collapsing has nothing to do with any of this tho, right?
Look at all these angry lefties
Can I get a amen on this?
Only 3.4% of members of Congress were willing to put their name on this embarrassment...

good luck with your prize tho. LOL.
There is no point in living in this society in a world where the living reincarnation of Satan gets a NPP.
It's a direct result of President Moon's leadership and vision. Trump just threatened to nuke North Korea over a name calling fight he was losing.
Maybe because President Obama was a bit busy:
1.rescuing the US economy from the last “trickle down” idiotic GOP policies that had us losing 700,000 jobs PER MONTH. 
2. Ensuring the downfall of Libya’s Khaddafi by “leading from behind”.
3. Getting health insurance for millions
Trump did nothing with North Korea
WRONG!!! Remember “little rocket man”!!!
Your only measure is to compare Trump to Obama. You're pathetic.
NOBLE!!!!!
This is just are responsible as Trump for north korea
This has to be a joke.
Thank you President Moon.
So... capricious, 3rd-grade-level cyber-bullying now qualifies as “strong leadership”? You are a clown!
Trump did get South Korea to help out more but I think that's it besides his usual shot talking
Don’t make me throw up!
There's your lesson kids. Bully and make threats and you can bend anyone to your will!
America has an actual actionable Commander and Chief, I’m sleeping much better, if Twitter can stop the Race Baiting that I now have over 1000 screenshots of, which are being passed daily to a Conservative Senator addressing Social Media, this censorship is Liberal nonsense.
Trump also caused a comet headed to Earth to turn
Then Kim Jung Un hit a home run with it
#dumbasses

And the arrogant late night show hosts scoff at the concept of leadership through strength. Such irony

Actually SOUTH KOREA was so scared of a nuclear war they basically said we’re done holding a grudge against NORTH KOREA. Because of trump fucking with Kim Jun Un
Just when you think US politics can't get any more corrupt or crazy, trump, the worst President ever, is recognized for peace? You must be kidding. It's criminal.
Sounds like Trump wrote it and They signed it.
 So, the clue is Nobel “Peace” not ignorant “Bully”
Why don't you both stand up straight like men. STOP bowing down and kissing Trump's body parts, and leave Obama out of this. 

It's really odd that you men are so insecure that you have to keep bringing up Obama and measuring yourself and Trump.
This is FAKE..
It's never gonna happen & Trump is part of the Scam with Russia's help.
Hahahahaha Hahahaha.......... oh wait your serious.
Please, cracker. It was because of Koreans that organized, suffered, and died for decades that this was possible.
Hahaha. North Korea is playing you for fools.
The community organizer Hussein Obama was so in over his head.
I guess calling him little rocket man was key. Gotta give credit where due...
Ha ha ha ha ha! I needed a laugh. Too funny!
I'm sure this has nothing to do with SK having a progressive president right now.
Liberals be like ...
I guess we gotta ask...how much money have you taken from Russia, via the NRA?
So W O K E
Messer took $32,500 from the NRA, but was outdone by Todd Young’s 2.9 MILLION. Much of it from Russia. The Russians bought and paid for the republicans. Get woke.
Got any proof? Yea I didn’t think so
Ummm...it’s public record
I was talking about the numbers. If the NRA is being investigated by the special counsel for accepting Russian money, which they admit they have accepted a small amount finally, then I promise you they will be found to have received millions from them. They gave Donny 30 million
I mean you’re blatantly lying out your ass but that’s cool
#BoycottAllFoxChannels #JailAllFoxEmployees
Wrong again, sparky. Just like Reagan and the USSR, the dotard is an bystander.
Thank China buck
Wait and see. He pulled the same stunt on Obama.
We will see. Will a unified Korea demand we remove our critical bases?  Russia and China might like this move.
BLAH BLAH BLAH, Out of your mind to even make this suggestion.  Strong leadership?  As what?  Causing Chaos?
The POTUS and the dear leader were bound  to hit it off. Taking credit for peace on the Korean Peninsula without knowing what politics within the DPRK are motivating this and what’s going to happen is a bit silly. The President is very good at taking credit for things. The best!
Show your wife this award....or your sisters, daughters.

I am writing to them to, making sure they appreciate trump used TWEETS to risk the lives of 1,000,000 South Koreas bc he just didn't give a damn, and was lazy and stupid. @NobelPrize @NobelPeaceOslo #MAGA @PressSec
Can Keith Schiller (or trump's secretary Rona) be charged with elder abuse for terrorizing and threatening Dr. Bornstein?
