You’re an embarrassment to the state of Indiana and the House if Representatives. I’m old enough to remember Watergate when most of the GOP put country over party. Ahh the good old days I must be getting old. The Blue Tsunami is coming and so is impeachment. 
Half of all undocumented immigrants entered the country legally. They just never left.
We need to defend Sanctuary cities and we need that wall built look at those illegal sitting on that wall with their flag and insulting our president of the United States how sad they need to go back where they came from
The most important thing for Americans is to get affordable health insurance Republicans promised better cheaper health insurance where is it I don’t see you trying to find a solution for it
There are more important things to put our money into - vet care, education, roads and bridges.
midwest white dude, whose salary is provided by taxpayers, wants us now to build a two-thousand mile long wall, thousands of miles away from him, that the president used to promise Mexico would pay for.
Hi @RepLukeMesser. Current funding for the wall would come from Pentagon budget. Do you support crippling our armed forces? Sanctuary cities are a state & local policy. Do you believe in the sanctity of federalism and the Tenth Amendment? These seem antithetical to GOP values.
Do you propose spending anothe $50+ billion just to build, billions to maintain, yet illegal immigration is a net $+ for America. I should be surprised on top of a $1-1.5 TRILLION $ deficit. Lying Luke looking for the racist vote.
Please give me a definition of sanctuary cities?
FFS-Stop with the wall already.
Why does the President continue to defend and protect Russia from sanctions related to election interference, chemical weapons attacks on our closest ally, and their part in supporting chemical attacks in Syria?
Can't wait until you are both voted out
Beware, swamp-dweller, Trump's cheerleader outfits are *really* skimpy and the hair removal demands are quite...comprehensive.
.@RepLukeMesser I dare you to explain to us what a sanctuary city is and how it works. I wager you do not know. Fox & Friends and the President also do not know. You have a stance based on sheer ignorance and unfounded fear.
Boy you just suck up to anything little Donnie says dont you? How about growing your own spine for christ's sake?
funny that the folks that live nowhere near the existing border wall (I do) have this position. They come by plane, boat, truck, car & train. VISA overstays are #1 culprit
Unless you are building a wall through the roads, railways, high enough to block air travel and long enough to block  marine travel, a wall won't accomplish squat. Need more Customs and border patrol agents and let them do their jobs
Can please elaborate on the COST benefit to the American Taxpayer. Because from analysis, it doesn’t look like a good use of $$$.
Lyin Luke. Have another drink, Lyin Luke.
.@RepLukeMesser: Trump Wall is the ultimate Boob Bait For Bubba.

If you're sincere, you can reduce illegal #immigration simply by making smart arguments that undercut Pelosi, etc. to their base. Make it a CLM & they'll back off.

When can we expect you to do that?
.@RepLukeMesser: I've written 1000s of posts against illegal #immigration @ my site, @ Malkin's old blog, etc. Supporting the Wall tells me you're either fake or you need help figuring things out. Eg, when Trump's out of office, Wall opponents would just tear it down.
You can pay for the wall
