The president is now engaging this nation in a disastrous trade war that will have a lasting negative impact on Indiana's agricultural economy. Everyone knows that no one wins in a trade war.
We don’t want or need a wall. Do you plan to walk off Canada too? Close ports and airports to stop folks who might overstay visas?
We need the wall,want the wall.And no,we like Canada.But,yes would like to wall off California.Please
"You" may WANT the wall, but America does not "need" a wall. Who is paying for that wall? It certainly isn't Mexico! .. low income elderly, disabled and children!
We need Common Sense answers to the real questions that are facing this nation today not jingoistic campaign slogans meant to raise the passions of a few die-hard supporters. #change2018
There is no crisis on the border that necessitates the use of the National Guard at this time. It is also a waste of our national resources to build a permanent border wall.
Don’t plan on reelection. #FakeCrisis #PutinsPuppet #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
President Ronald Reagan "Tear Down This Wall" Speech at Berlin Wall
how about building something useful, like bridges and highways and drainage. I know it doesn't allow you to demonize brown people, but, who knows, it might actually help the economy
cuz of ur blind support of @POTUS,  you support the lies & fabrications:  news flash: MEX not paying
I support @realDonaldTrump’s move to secure our border. It's time to build the wall and deliver for the American people! http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/04/04/trump-to-sign-proclamation-sending-national-guard-to-border-immediately.amp.html …
I'll remember "not" to vote for you. Thank-you for the heads up. I think you and other Trump loyalists are making a huge mistake, casting your lot with Trump. I have lost all respect for this "corrupt and chaotic" administration!
Ps:   You and Steve King. Guns and walls and wars.     What is going on in the heartland?
Q: What did Castro's Cubans use to farm before oxen? 
A: Tractors …
Do you support Trump’s 100 Billion trade war response?    I was in China when our president declared financial war on their complex economy.    Farmers are the first to be hurt by China’s counter tariff responses.   Indiana farmers.
The United States &  several other countries began a massive "airlift", supplying West Berlin with food and other supplies.[21] The Soviets mounted a public relations campaign against the Western policy change. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berlin_Wall …
Why don’t you ask the thousands of Latino immigrants currently working and living in Indiana and contributing to the economy what they think about your support for the wall. Trump’s time in office is limited. You better find someone else whose ass firmly houses your nose.
Anything to distract from your DUIs. Resign now. #StepDownMesser
Do you agree to the HUGE f'ing deficit?
Have to love the great insight of one of the great republican preisidents, when he talks about freedom! President Ronald Reagan "Tear Down This Wall" Speech at Berlin Wall
Yeah.  Keep tying yourself to Trump.  That's going to work out great.
Luke your an embaressment to Hoosiers, your a bad leader, and youll soon be out of a job.  Feel free to head to the border and start laying brick.

What about our crumbling roads and bridges? If you actually lived in Indiana you would see firsthand. Your priorities are misplaced as usual. Drop out now!
Really??...tell the truth Luke...and the truth shall set you free.
Another rep who needs to be replaced in November! Get ur facts right, illegal crossing is at one of the lowest so why do we need the NG??
Pander
