This will stir up some real #TDS ... Liiberals triggered in 3..2..1 #Boom
We're mocking you, if that's being triggered then so be it.
Tick Tock, there's more to come ;)
More mocking? Yes, yes there is.
Tweets like that, are just one of the multitude of reasons why we mock Trump supporters.
Suck it up buttercup
I am going to enjoy the collective meltdown of trump supporters like you, when #Mueller finally releases all the charges against Trump and his co-conspirators. Those 49 questions clearly show that Mueller knows that Trump is guilty of a great many things. #BuckleUp Buttercup
Have you read those 49 questions ? 

Based on those Mueller should go into daytime TV as a presenter
Is it just me or do these responses look a lot like the ones that were posted when they said Trump would be President?  Nope, never going to happen, and then....  just saying..
Based on recent history, there will be 300-400 nominations for the 2019 prize so I feel pretty darn confident in my prediction that Trump will never, ever be awarded a Nobel Peace Prize. That said, I appreciated the belly laugh from reading Messer's letter. 

Now back to reality.
I'll bet you have one of those posts in your history don't you? "Trump will not be President, there is absolutely no chance of it happening" LOL!!
Nope. 

Are you saying that you believe Trump will be awarded a Nobel Peace Prize?
I said the comments sound an awful lot like the "no possible way" claims made before the election. You said he wouldn't. I still think you said the same thing before the elections. LMAO!!
How likely do you think it is that Trump will be awarded a Nobel Peace Prize?
I actually have no idea.  I have no experience with the process and I haven't researched it at all.  I'm certainly not as certain as you are he will not.
Perhaps some research will help you understand why it's so ludicrous: https://www.nobelprize.org/nomination/peace/ …

Still laughing that Bobo got his for nothing then bombed the ME and Africa and only created more conflict, then paid 1.4 billion dollars to the worlds biggest supporter of terror and insured they would resume developing nuclear weapons.
The money given back to Iran was seized by the United States as sanctions. It was returned when they signed their nuclear deal. It wasn’t our money to begin with, and until Donald Trump became president, it was not okay to steal, lie and cheat.
The us withheld that money for 40 plus years. No previous president repub or democrat supported giving money to Iran. It took obama and Iranian born sympathizer Valerie Jarrett to do something so openly against US and Israelis best interest.  It is disgusting.
No previous President got Iran to sign a disarmament deal.
Israel supported it, except for Bibi and his minions, who are being investigated for corruption and fraud. No wonder Bibi and Trump get along!
Disarmament deal?  There was no deal. Iran has been shopping long range missiles since the deal and the inspection process is a joke. The deal was ridiculous and you have to be dishonest or an intellectual midget to say it was good. Iran signed it and laughed at Obama and Kerry.
This is oxymoronic..

Trump does nothing but threaten people, he even funneled money out of a children's cancer charity into his own business.

This would devalue the prize significantly
Clearly you don't understand the difference between a threat and Diplomacy. Selectively, no doubt. Like him or hate him, President Trump is directly responsible for the end of the Korean War. Who knows where that leads? No other President before him could do it.
How?
He threatened "fire and fury unlike anything ever seen" on NK, he had no say in peace talks between the two nations whatsoever. 

That's like a facepainter at the circus taking credit for the lion tamer act.
Have you ever heard the saying "when diplomacy fails, force is the answer?" I served and had occasion to sit on the DMZ twice in my military career. I encourage you to do the same.
This is a solid red herring fallacy in action.
No it's a difference in experience. If I want you to do a thing and you don't listen to reason, or incentives, or even sanctions. Then I solve my problem with you by destroying your capability to do a thing. That's pretty compelling.
He didn't destroy anything and was bluffing. 
No one would've approved of going to war with NK and putting the lives of thousands of Americans in SK at risk. 
Your experience has nothing to do with Trump or peace agreements
Apparently neither does yours.
He's the only president beside Lincoln, FDR, Reagan all of which truly deserved some sort of Nobel prize.
What did Reagan do
Enough said.. The end.
Come on.  Let’s see some progress here before thinking he deserves an award. Nothing has happened yet. What a joke
Yea! Like Obama when he...oh wait. Never mind. #Triggered
What a pathetic Congress obviously pandering to this disgrace of a president.  We haven't even allowed ample time to see if this deal is just a charade, of if the North Koreans actually follow through w/ the terms of disarmament and cooperation- most of them informal. #TrumpLies
Tears. Lol. You can’t accept it. Maybe you just get scared of real men. Trump is not your step dad.
Huh? Time for a tune up bot! Sounds like there’s a wrench in the works! You’re not making any sense!
And look here, Trump hires Clinton's impeachment lawyer.
This says it all. The end.
If anyone deserves the Nobel Peace prize it's president Trump.

 Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize.
If, and only if, North Korea signs a Peace Treaty with South Korea, dismantles its nuclear arsenal and allows inspectors to extensively research the country, would Trump be a viable candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize. Until then, N Korea is just buying time and you are premature
More Winning my friend!

North Korea to release 3 American prisoners in good faith gesture for Trump summit
Yeah the guy who killed his uncle and brother is suddenly into peace. We know how gullible you are.
They can nominate whoever if they want to, but I guarantee that the Nobel committee would sooner give it to Kim Jong Un before they'd give it to Trump. Zero chance.
oh maybe you'll be in for ANOTHER shocker like when he was elected President.
Oh dear, another Trump lawyer departs.  I wonder why? Looks like these congressmen are going to end up with a lot of egg on their faces.
Ty Cobb, key Trump lawyer handling the Russia investigation, announces retirement https://nbcnews.to/2rgx1Md 
This is what our elected officials spend their time doing? Your fired!
What we didn't know about Trump in 2016
• Health
• What he paid in taxes
• Income, net worth
• Charitable donations
• Campaign under FBI investigation
• Campaign ties to Russian actors
• Cohen paid Stormy Daniels $130K
• Positions on policy issues
What we didn't know about Trump in 2016
• Health
• What he paid in taxes
• Income, net worth…
The greatest Joke award goes to @RepLukeMesser . Lol
Trump wants a participation trophy.

Nixon tried but not on the same scale. This is pathology.
Not sure for what, but you should definitely get the biggest ass kisser award.
Why would you do this?  Ridiculous!!!!
Pretty sure the guy who said "Some Very Fine People on Both Sides" is not going to get a Nobel Peace Prize.
They should have read the nomination rules. Their nomination is invalid because they made it publicly. Names of nominators & nominees aren’t allowed to be divulged for 50 years. These people are dumb.
Pish posh. Calling the North Korean dictator names like a schoolyard bully, isn't worthy of a Nobel Prize. If peace is actually implemented in Korea, it will be because of the hard work of the Chinese & the Koreans.
Last time I checked, calling someone names isn't diplomatic.

Threatening a country with a war until they back down does not deserve a peace prize. Now if it was call the NoBalls prize, he can have it.

This is a joke right?


he who laughs last best!!!
did your reverend certificate come off internet or crackerjack box.
In 1989, Trump took out ads in New York newspapers urging the death penalty for five black and Latino teenagers accused of raping a white woman in Central Park; he argued they were guilty as late as October 2016, more than 10 years after DNA evidence had exonerated them.
Let’s enumerate one by one his efforts to be eligible for Noble prize. Grabbing women by pu***, Non-adherence to international treaties, calling African countries as “Shithole”,&so on so forth. #The_diarrhoea_of_the_mouth_POTUS
This just in from Stockholm....hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
For coming up with Rocket Man? Sorry, no.


Trump deserves it more than Obama.
Funny that you're on twitter talking shit about him instead of rotting in jail. Some dictator.
#Nobel  I nominate #Mueller when he saves us from this evil dictator! #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpConspired
@RepMaxineWaters must be having a conniption right now 
She would if he won but since that will never, ever, never in a million years happen, I suspect she's just chuckling like the rest of us.
May be wishful thinking on your part
Wishful thinking that Trump won't win a Nobel Peace Prize? Nah - that's just common sense.
Shouldn’t we kind of see an actual truce, kids?  Kim is about as trustworthy as a personal doctor of a candidate
What smidgen was that, dear friend?
Just getting nk and sk to talk is more than Barry did in 8 years to promote peace anywhere. Now go away
I totally get it, I got my cat and dog to get along.  My God I deserve a peace prize too 
Even that's more than Barry accomplished



Trump forged a nomination two years in a row for a Nobel Peace Prize and then hired people to chant "nobel" at his last rally, so you know, despite doing nothing but promoting hate and war he really wants the prize for peace. #weird.
Liars and bullies don't win Nobel Peace Prizes.
@DamoQupak whoa!!!
Finally someone who deserves it
What about Moon Jae-in? Moon is the one that brought NK to the table. Moon is the one that negotiated their attendance at the Olympics and got Trump to agree to meet with Kim. Moon is the one negotiating talks with Kim now. All Trump has done is agree to meet with Kim w/o terms.
You need to get your facts straight

When you set aside your hate for Trump, stop watching the fake news, and open your eyes to the truth, you might see who really pulled this off.

Trump!

When you have an opinion make sure it’s yours

Not the mob mentality ruining our country
The US doesn’t even have a South Korea ambassador because theTrump admin hasn’t appointed one. 
Are you implying Donald should have a Nobel for name calling? Little rocket Man got bullied to his rightful place right?
According the North K, South K, and China. Trump is not your step dad. Don’t be angry he did one good thing.
As opposed to #Obama who won one for doing nothing but weakening our nation in the world, giving Iran a cash strewn path to nuclear weapons, and weakening our ties with the only democracy in the middle east... Israel!
Do some research before you tweet!!!
I would sign for him getting the Nobel Porn Prize.
@JimRenacci just handed over the win to @SenSherrodBrown. This is a desperate move by all who signed, realizing their days are numbered and will be voted out. They might as well have added a photograph of them sucking Donald’s toes, they’re done.
Good. I love karma. Hopefully the people in Jim Jordans District get smart and vote that traitor out
He deserves it!! I love my @POTUS 
Obama 'won' the Nobel Peace prize for nothing at all. He went onto start 5 wars and killed hundreds of thousand of people.
Gore 'won' the Nobel Peace for a 'documentary' pushing the biggest scam in history (or was it because he invented the internet?), he made $$$100sMILLIONS.
The 45th will NEVER have the honor of accepting a Nobel prize; he, with the support of an insane “fan” base, has allowed for a peddling of lies and egregious leadership that is an offense to the spirit of American democracy. A “Peace” prize for the 45th? SMH
Just what did Obama and Gore get their Nobel prizes for?
#realdonaldtrump actually is working on denuclearuzation and actual peace in N & S Korea
Obama started 5 wars, was the most corrupt POTUS in history
Gore invented the internet and is peddling a scam that made him rich
The only prize Trump will be getting is for being a disgusting sexual predatory!
You shameless, a$$-kissing morons are incredible. Not only is this idiotic “nomination” based on BS, you didn’t even bother to proofread it. 
Too bad they missed the February deadline for submissions.
This is a joke? Right?
I like how the sycophantic GOP is nominating a man for President, who literally threatened to "destroy" North Korea and called Kim Jong-un "Little Rocket Man" for the Nobel PEACE Prize. #TrumpismIsACult
OH FFS!!!! A goddamn tree stump deserves the Nobel Prize more than crooked Trump.
Lol, these people are delusional.
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
Happy to have early voted today for one of your challengers. Kissing up won’t do you any favors.
He certainly deserves it. That's for sure. He actually created some peace unlike the last president that won it.
Trump threatens to totally destroy North Korea and then sumits a phony  peace prize nomination because he is a spoiled little rich boy that thinks he deserves everything without working for it.
Pussygrabbing
A long list of sexual assault allegations
Praising wife beater
Defend sexual abuser
Support child molester

#lukemesser loves #maga #trump family time.
Nobel Peace Prize for a White Supremacist/Neo-Nazis/Racist supporter who sides with Russia's murderous-Putin??? 

This @GOP leaders idea of "peace"??? 

Good luck with that.
Messer is an absolute joke, hes doing this in the hope that he can suckle trumps b@lls if he wins the primary...he wont win the R primary
this time it’s not just a participation trophy!
Lol lol lol
How sad.
#SubpoenaTrump
Antitrumpers
Great...
HAHAhaha WHAT A COMPLETE AND UTTER JOKE ! President tweet ??? The guy doesn't have a diplomatic bone in his body
After giving it to Obama it has no worth and even less noble intentions .
Attention #trumpflakes! I realize this is your only source of information, but unfortunately its all BS as usual, and just like your dear leader @realDonaldTrump fake, see below  and I google it for yourselves 
 If I were those stupid Republicans, I'd be running to the nearest closet and lock my self in it for humiliating myself. They are as ignorant as the Dotard.

Puke, puking, puked!

Will tarnish the beauty of the prize.
The draft dodger who called racists "very fine people".  Get real.
Obama was horrible, but if he had taken part in brokering peace in NoKo, he would've rightfully so been up for the Nobel Peace Prize too.
Obama wasn't a DRAFT DODGER nor did he call racists very fine people right after one of them had killed someone.
This again? I happen to know there were several @VICE reporters spending the weekend with those racists covering that event, since I watched their superb documentary. The fact that you would blow off some of your own as racists just to prove a point you don't have is disturbing.
Also, just as disturbing that you dumdums never actually quote the whole thing.
Tell it to Heather Heyer's mom.
You know he’s being laughed at right now. Lol
everyone laughed when they all said he would never be elected president . Ha ha!
The American people didn’t vote for him, putin did!
ha ha ha ha ha ha , so ridiculous !
The Nobel Committee when they finally stop laughing should write back rejecting the nomination due to the relentless attacks by this administration against Basic Human Hights and Civil Liberties around the world.
You are completely clueless!!!! It''s the complete opposite!! I would want to know the truth, not hear some bullshit story on fake news & run with it.. That's just me.
Tell that to minorities; the poor; Immigrants; the Transgender community; the Gay community. Women's communities; non-religious people; Anyone other than Christian straight white men and women; and I am speaking as a white person here. I am not the clueless one here.
No collusion! That’s why it’s the first thing on my mind every morning.

Can u imagine if President Obama woke up every day & tweeted, “Hey haters: I’m an American, believe me. No Kenyan!!! HOAX! ”

He was 2 busy running the country.
No collusion! That’s why it’s the first thing on my mind every morning.

Can you imagine if President Obama woke up every day and tweeted, “Hey haters: I’m an American, believe me. No Kenyan!!! HOAX! ”…
He was too busy colluding with Terrorist organizations like #IranDeal #MuslimBrotherHood #Hezbollah #Hamas etc...
He was the Worst prez in #American History who was and still is a Fraud.

Your Welcome,
The United American People
Obama Killed Bin Laden During Correspondents’ Dinner, While Absent Trump Hides Behind Rallies. And Trump, in every sense, is too much of a coward to face the press and their real questions.

I mean... this isn't even a good photoshop.
Ppl it's a joke
No president that drops bombs on 7 countries should be nominated. Obama should be forced to return his. #EndTheWars
Good point. I just want him to get it to drive the Liberals nuts. My entertainment has been lacking lately, need to spice it up. Besides, it’s clear the Nobel people really have no standards. So might as well get some laughs.
Hey Trumpers! What is the Nobel Peace Prize?  Hint it’s not the same as a bowling trophy.
You know how foolish you are all going to look right? We are in May of 2018 and with chump, he'll have screwed up this whole "korean peace thing" before the Fall even begins!  By the time next year roles around he'll be in jail or at war with NK. lol
What idiots.
I'd give it to @MichaelAvenatti if he manages to topple #TreaonTrump before he gets us into a war.
Trump put them up to it. He just can't stand that President Obama (who I'll always honor with that title) actually EARNED it. 

I'm waiting for the tweets "more Congress nominated me for this award than any president in history"  ACK I'm choking just typing that word in reference
Can Keith Schiller (or trump's secretary Rona) be charged with elder abuse for terrorizing and threatening Dr. Bornstein?
Thank you Rep. Luke Messer for making this smart well deserved Nobel Peace Prize nomination for Mr. President Trump and all who supported it.  Now let's change Mt. Rushmore to Mt. Trumpmore...God Bless the United States of America and all it's good people!
Fact: deadline has passed! Where's the Peace?Im confused! Insulting & bullying ppl is a Nobel no no
You should be mentally evaluated for this. Sad that you did this on the taxpayer's dime. Trump is no more a Nobel Peace Prize winner than the @NRA is a human rights organization.
Now we know who to vote out in the coming election.  Thanks for the list!
Good! Now the Socialist Democrat Party will include Mocking the Nobel Nomination.
Well Deserved!!
This is huge!!
The bar is beyond low, it’s in hell.  What is wrong with the @GOP ?
The guy who repeatedly threatened nuclear war on Twitter, advocated for murdering entire families and has called for an increase in police brutality does not deserve any prize with the word "peace" in its name.
He would have better luck winning the bat shit crazy prize
Just when I think things cannot get worse under this president and Congress they do. This is so very inappropriate as is most every other action taken by @WhiteHouse  and @GOP over the last very very long and stressful 15 months.
Putin's objective,
          to divide America, 
       his weapon of choice, 

            Donald J Trump.
Are these the same idiots that are writing up the papers for Rosenstein? Citizens United friends? NRA friends? I believe a majority of our country would like to see someone receive the nomination that isn't under federal investigation, amongst other things. Think about it...
18 ! 18 @GOP Congressmen sign names to nomination for @realDonaldTrump to Noble Peace Prize, @POTUS 45 the most Device , Corrupt, Unqualified President in History Of this Country.A President whose core support comes from the racist alt-right ? This would disgrace all past winners

For what?  Tweeting "Little Rocketman "?  lol
bahahahahahahahahahah...breath.....bahahahahaha
The Koreans deserve it more. The other one is only the sheriff
Sorry, guys, I don’t think they have a category for golfing and/or tweeting.

His constant boasts may be eligible for the literature prize, but they’re not particularly well written.

Oh dear.
Should have also included Decimating ISIS...
Isn't that also worthy of the Nobel Peace Prize?
Many people are saying Trump is simpering drum of polluted camel manure
The Nobel Prize for Fascism.
So, the Con In Chief threatens Kim, calls him ridiculous baby names, takes off on another golf trip while NK & others have peace talks with Kim.
By all means let's give him a Nobel Peace Prize for doing nothing but his usual disgusting bullshit.
Nobel prize for Bullying? Don’t think that’s a thing...
Aaaah!  YAAAAY!!
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
 this is a joke right!
Good! It was getting incredibly tiresome to hear constant calls for him to win the Nobel when this is all that had to be  done. It is awarded in December so 6 more months of "Why hasn't@POTUS won the Nobel?" Some people...
Good job, guys. Finally, an acknowledgement of the success he brings to this nation. It's just one, but it's alright. I'm sure he'll keep working for us anyway. You guys should probavly take a page from his book.
Before anything concrete has happened? Seems a little premature, doesn't it? Maybe put this on ice until 1) the meeting happens and 2) something is signed. Until then, we're more or less status quo (minus propaganda speakers at the DMZ). #WaitAndSee #CartBeforeTheHorse
TRAITORSFORTRUMP
@RepLukeMesser
@SteveKingIA
@RalphNorman
@DesJarlaisTN04
@kevincramer
@MarkMeadows
@mattgaetz
@RepAmata
@RepLaMalfa
@RepMcKinley
@RepBrianBabin
@DianeBlackTN
@RepPeteOlson
@MarshaBlackburn
@JimRenacci
@RepEvanJenkins
@RepDrewFerguson
@michaelcburgess
#VoteThemOut
Nomination period closed on February 1.  The committee will get a good belly laugh and throw the letter in the garbage.
As a fellow Hoosier, Rep. Messer, you are an embarrassment to the state.
He needs to be the next one voted out
That alone should be enough for people not to vote for you next time.
 LMFAO
Guys, this is just dumb. I am cautiously and optimistically hopeful about this, and I am constantly praying about it. No doubt the President deserves credit so far. But this isn’t over. Lots to figure out. I’m so sick of media stunts by politicians, especially those on my “side.”
how can this POS win when OTHERs did this? How about Pres Moon -now that is more like it. NOW if they have nobel peace prize for the WORST he would win
Yeah and Hitler was nominated for one to in 1939 so? lol
CanTrump receive this in jail?
President Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize look at what he's done look at what he's accomplished and he hasn't even been in there a year thank you president Trump
Pure stupidity.
Was this late April fool's prank?
Signed by the usual Gang of Idiots, I see. 
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica 
#Spanky #StormyWeather #Sad
This proves that they are so out of touch they don't know the entirety of Sweden is laughing its collective ass off right now.
Wait for it. Ahhh the sweet sound of the left screaming and crying at the sky.
Trump deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize?
Just another reason NOT to vote for Luke Messer

18 members out of 435 members put his name up. pathetic
A bit premature.
Impeachment signatures will be more realistic.
What a f*king joke!
Ass-kissing to the extreme... it's a last grasp as they will all undoubtedly be booted out at election time.
And good riddance!
#NobelDotardPrize 
#NobelDotardPrize
That group is certainly a who's who of dirty GOP members complicit in treason against America and #Mueller knows it.
@seanhannity trump has not met NKorea and talking about Novel peace is a joke!!!
The American people need to remember these names when they vote!
F*k, do you guys every look in the mirror and think, God, I'm such a loser?
More fodder for the history books about the “Trump Treason Years”
What?? These people REALLY are cult members aren't they? This is embarrassing.
BAHhahahahahahhhaaaaaaa!
Sad, truly sad!!!!  This pitiful POS who is destroying our country??!!!!  Give that to a deserving person!!!!  Someone who ACTUALLY worked for it!!!!
So threatening to blow up a country  gets you a Nobel Peace Prize?
What a crock.
Absolutely Amazing
Tireless work?!!?!?!?!  Are you kidding me?   First of all, that list of signees is the who's who of worthless sycophants.  Second, the only thing Trump did was call Un "little rocket man" and threaten him with "Fire and Fury like the world has never seen."  HOW IS THAT PEACEFUL?
Jesus Mary & Joseph will the Insanity ever end?
No rush to do the rights things. Big rush to do the wrong. You are pathetic




Lol
Wonderful! Now they need to START SUPPORTING TRUMP with the JOKE OF IMMIGRATION SYSTEM WE HAVE NOW,

OR we will VOTE them OUT of office and REPLACE them with people who REALLY cares about ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.
I just wet myself and I'm I depiction of @RealDonad_Trump as his micro penis.  That makes me ask, did i pee myself laughing or just throw up?

The smear job behind Ronny Jackson....the Smear Job Suspect has made ALLEGATIONS against men before. Her last victim also wanted to clean up the VA https://bigleaguepolitics.com/meet-lewd-pence-doctor-accused-setting-ronny-jackson/ …
All the LEFT HATERS
just  themselves! LMAO

Oh for Goodness sake 
just go cry in your closet 

#PresidentTrump #MAGA
#FreeThinkers #redwaverising2018 #Nobel
Yes, President Trump deserve this ...NOBEL PEACE PRIZE...
Bawha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!  Whew. That's a good one!!!  Ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!!

Huh!
Hilarious!
Nah. Give it to the Waffle House hero. This Trump spaz, not so much.
LOL
Unbelievably premature.
Does Bill Cosby get one too @RepLukeMesser, @RepDianeBlack ???
Again, how is threatening little rocket man with fire and fury worthy of a Nobel Peace Prize?
- Because it worked.  Liberal coddling only gets people killed and nothing accomplished.
The word is peace. Threats of war do not equate to peace.
Really since when?  It brought peace and helped end the end Korean War. Along with it a new respect for America from North Korea.  This is the real world and how things really happen.  There is no teepee and peace pipe getting stoned around a campfire happening. #reality
You are lacking many facts about North Korea’s nuclear testing moratorium. For example: the North Korean nuclear test facility collapsed killing 200 North Koreans PRIOR to Trump prematurely taking credit for ceasing their testing.
So all it took was a collapse of the facility to bring peace?  Amazing.  It wasn't Trump who initially gave himself credit, though he would have.  It was China and South Korea.
Pretty sure the peace treaty was between North and South Korea. How does Trump take credit for that?
Considering no other leader could ever get the two countries together for talks. South Korea's pres and Australia's PM both say Trump should get the credit. Not my words.
Liberals running to safe spaces
It's signed by Matt Gaetz and Steve King. I'm sure the Nobel committee will have a good laugh.
Only 18 out of 535 were willing to sign this ..... how pathetic is that
The Nobel Peace Prize will be awarded, again, to Pres.OBAMA, Here is why:
Pres. Trump is only cleaning the mess that Obama caused. Therefore if Obama had not caused the mess there would be no reason for Trump to be involved.The credit for bringing peace goes to Obama. Right?
THERE IS A TYPO IN THE FIRST SENTENCE! ON OFFICIAL CONGRESS LETTERHEAD!

HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?

#SMH #dobetter
Now everyone who argued that past winners deserved the prize has to either accept that @realDonaldTrump deserved it, or will be forced to admit that the novel peace prize is nothing more than a Cracker Jack prize.
He won't Fucking get it
Just like he'll never be president <3.
Lemme guess, #notmypresident right? Sorry to break it to you but.....
Actually you snarky twat, it was a joke in reference to everyone saying that he'll never be  President. Just like RhiLezBReal is saying that he wont get the prize. See how that works? Have a nice day <3.
Sarcasm never translates well in text format. Sorry you got your feelings hurt. 

Lol.
#Nobel  #Prize
LAUGHABLE!!!!!
Too bad they were 3 months too late in nominating the warmonger!  #FauxNews #NobelPeacePrize
So deserved MAGA TRUMP

Pathetic

Donald certainly should be a very high choice but do too the Political Slant the Nobel has taken for decades it would be no surprise if not.
NOBEL PIECE OF A$$ PRIZE.........................STORMY....no,no it's Karen.......no no it's that one that the REAL BILLIONAIRE bought for a year.
EVERY PERSON WHO CAME CLOSE TO ATTAINING PEACE WITH KIM JONG UN WAS INTERRUPTED BY TRUMP SO HE COULD TAKE CREDIT FOR IT. I DON'T CALL THAT WORTHY OF THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE THAT'S MORE LIKE MANIPULATION AND CONTROL.

DR & MRS MIKE MURDOCK
MMM
Here, I fixed it for ya
Well,  Leftist Loons said that President Trump was going to start a war, so suppose they will have something negative to say.  They are really, really sad  They can't even recognize that our country is doing the very best it's ever done since Reagan! Of course Republicans did it.
Too bad the deadline passed in February.
Except none of that has actually happened yet
After Obama’s, this prize is WORTHLESS
All Trump need is TRUTH

I love the smell of exploding liberal craniums in the morning. Afternoon. And night. Never gets old  boom !!
"To End to The"  what the hell, who wrote this garbage. Sounds like it was written by a Trump Supporter, oh ... Ok, you proved my point! :P
You have just GOT TO BE KIDDING!  Hahahahahahaha
So can I ask a simple question? Does peace mean something different in the context of this award?
Somebody really should tell them...deadline for nominations was February.  Republicans are dumber than dirt, LOL!
