British Parliament voted against inviting him to speak because of his racism and sexism    In other news, I enjoyed @EmmanuelMacron’s clear leadership while addressing our nation.
You.  Are.  In.  Sane.


I don’t even believe you believe that.
Wow, do you listen to the real news?
Lol listen no, watch yes.
OMG You are out of your mind
You're a disgrace to the nation and the world.
Of course you are.  
Pssst, the emperor has no clothes Luke. It’s scary, I know, but Trump is nuts. Are you or just so very desperate to win you’ll say anything? Besides he wouldn’t go, there are typically brown ppl there. Trump hates the brown ones.

glad you won't be representing my district much longer!
Trump will NEVER be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize....he isn't respected on the global stage.  Maybe nominate him to serve as NASCAR honorary race official.....that's a better fit.   #ShitHolePresidency  #grifter  #TrumpCrimeFamily  #fireingraham
If your intent was at all honorable you would not be on trumpTV-- everything about this is wrong. Nobel Peace prizes should not be campaigned for-- as someone who teaches peace, trust me, this man is not deserving.
From the Klein News Agency:




How about go on The Rachel Maddow Show with this nonsense instead?

Honest to GOD, you need your head examined!!!
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA

More likely that @realDonaldTrump deserves  (and would win) the #Razzie Award for #Chauvinism, #Jingoism and #Egocentricity.  
#PredatorPres is a #Maniacal advocate for the use of force, as opposed to peaceful relations, even with his neighbors. @GOP

He doesn't.
If a Nobel is to be awarded because all goes well with N. Korea, the South Korean president deserves it not Trump. 
Moon Jae-in was the level headed when Trump & Kim Jong-un were talking about who's button was bigger.
Trump will never get the Nobel Peace Prize! He started this off by threatening to Nuke North Korea, and wants to rip up the Iran deal. These are not the acts that get you to win the Nobel Peace Prize. Besides, nothing has been done to the Korean Peninsula yet! #Traitor
What a joke you are!
Are you seeing all the bots sent in on your tweets?
For what exactly ? Spanky had nothing to do with the Korea's.
What happened to chastising Obama for wanting to initiate direct talks? Kim is an “honorable man?” Really? How many innocent people has he had killed? If Obama ever said that, you guys would’ve called for his impeachment. The level of republican hypocrisy is stunning! Fool!
You haven't got a clue as to what a humanitarian is!
You do realize that Trump is using Secret Service Data collection against Politicians and every day citizens to attack people! 
Know what that is called, rep! It's called NAZISM, sir. It's using the secret Gestpo, sir.
Think again, before using Nobel around this POS President !

I’ll just poke my eyes out with a fork, thanks.
Are you out of your mind?  I voted for you last time as I was new to the state of IN.  I will not vote for you next time.  How can you support POTUS?  He creates chaos, not peace!
Haahaaahaaa. Oh that’s good. What a joke. Canada laughs at you luke. No balls.
Messer, You are a disgrace. Pandering to the most corrupt US president, participating in a straw donor scheme, not revealing your DUIs, and lying about your state residency.  

You work for the Kochs and Mercers. You will only do harm to Hoosiers.





#NUTJOB 

RESIGN 

#GOPwhackos FAIL 
You've got to be kidding. The man that called Mexicans rapist & drug dealers, called Haiti & African countries shitholes, called Neo-Nazis fine people, tried & failed for a Muslim Ban from countries that did NOT attack US on 9/11, incited hate crimes, hates POW'S & SO MUCH MORE.
#BananaRepublican

I BET A DOLLAR THAT @realDonaldTrump ASKED @RepLukeMesser  TO NOMINATE HIM!

Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-…

I'd nominate Trump for a piece prize, but not a peace prize, since he is many times over a war criminal. He does certainly take 'little Donnie' out much more than any fat old fart should! You and Ingraham should know that better than anyone!
are you completely insane? Seriously?
Yeah sure
Let me see if I have this right. You went on a "has-been" show @IngrahamAngle and pandered to @realdonaldtrump's dwindling base about the Great Unhinged One's role in peace. I guess I missed the clip where he was walking with the two Korean leaders.
This is why the DYSFUNCTIONAL CONGRESS has VERY LOW APPROVAL RATING- wasting time & resources on an INANE proposal BEFORE a KOREAN SUMMIT is even CERTAIN! Senator there are MORE IMPORTANT & SERIOUS legislation & issues confronting the US -FOCUS on the job you were ELECTED TO DO!
Did you look forward to money laundering?
#DumpMesser
Great to see you on @IngrahamAngel tonight ,I completely agree

