But earlier when he was covering for Russia, you just went right along with him. Ypu couldn't be more spineless. Spinless jellyfish here folks, VOTE HIM OUT!!!!
Why didn’t Ryan and McConnell support Obama when he wanted a united front before the election and condemn the interference?
What about for hacking our election?
Still waiting for him to enforce those sanctions, though. Expelling diplomats is easy, imposing economic hardship would speak volumes. Yeah, not holding me breath.
I’ll vote democrat.  No more racist bullies in government.
they look alike, trump and putin
LOL, are you serious? You really trying to spin it like this bruh? If you really want to hold Russia accountable, pressure the president to have his state department enact sanctions. You'd also tighten up our elections to keep the ruskies out but then who'd vote red, am I right?
Too little...too late....just like yourself!
How can you support this when you support the biggest Russian stooge of all, Donald Trump?
Trump needs to let our  FBI & justice department to do their job finding the hackers & protecting our elections!
response worthless: State Dept. confirms U.S & Russia
can replace diplomats  who were expelled
The United States will not tolerate Russian aggression toward America or our allies. I applaud @POTUS for holding Russia accountable and putting American interests first through strong, decisive action. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/03/26/trump-orders-expulsion-dozens-russian-diplomats-closure-consulate-in-seattle.html …
wake up! @POTUS is hardly standing up to Russia - he has not enforced the sanctions for which u voted
The United States will not tolerate Russian aggression toward America or our allies. I applaud @POTUS for holding Russia accountable and putting American interests first through strong, decisive action. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/03/26/trump-orders-expulsion-dozens-russian-diplomats-closure-consulate-in-seattle.html …
Like most of your tweets, this is now full on propaganda and false news, you even linked to Fox. Will you delete this tweet?? https://twitter.com/OrenDorell/status/979764865781960704?s=20 … Now the Russians can send better contacts for the Traitorous Trump Administration that you protect.
"The Russian government remains free to request accreditation for vacant positions in its bilateral mission. Any requests for new diplomatic accreditation will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis." - @StateDept
You’re a Liar Luke. Stop being conned and conning others.
#Russia's state TV reports that an unnamed high-level White House source quietly told the Russians that the number of Russian diplomats in the U.S. is not being cut (they can send 60 other diplomats to replace the…
Hey, Rep. Luke Messer, you make it sound like you could be the one #whoistherussiantroll
These will be low level people, the main players, the Russians who count, will remain. This is a ploy - let’s send some support personal home, means nothing. Fake news, fake action, fake president, AND FAKE patriot Lying Luke.
Why can’t @realDonaldTrump say that himself? Can you also comment on the Russian government providing weapons to the Taliban to use against US troops?

