Banning military weapons is not “going after” law abiding citizens. That’s a ridiculous statement. You clearly don’t care about the safety of our children. Shameful.
The constitution does not guarantee private citizens the right to have military type weapons.  Justice Scalia believed this.
Is that what you were instructed to say by the NRA Luke? You will act saddened, send out your thoughts and prayers, but in the end you will do NOTHING to take a dime out of your owners pockets. Watch his feet folks, not his lips....
Hooray, another #Strawman argument. All studies show no relationship between mental health and violence. We need #GunControlNow like all the other first world countries. You're only distracting from and enabling the problem. #Empiricism
People are already dead
The damage is already done
By the time the bad guy sees
The good guy with a gun
Out of touch:  Overall, 70% now say they back stricter gun
laws, up from 52% in October #NeverAgain
Like every American, I am deeply saddened by the tragedy in Parkland. We need to focus on securing our schools to keep our students safe rather than going after law-abiding gun owners. https://messer.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=805 …
Instead of "We need to..." please tell us, "I am doing... or, I will....."
Have you actually talked to teachers?
How about start with very strict background checks instead of talking and doing nothing By the way I am a proud gun owner
But what about the gun owners that want to break the law? Anything to address them?
Kids shouldn't have to go to prison schools. You are an NRA puppet. The constitution says "well regulated" so we need to regulate. #GunReformNow #VetsVsTheNRA
How much blood money did you take from the NRA  Luke?
What laws?
But you and I have both seen law abiding people in Shelbyville who have no business owning any gun let alone an AR 15.  A unilateral view makes you look stupid. #gunlawssavelives #standupforpeoplenotguns
Gun violence is a public safety issue. An alienable right like the 2A should never trump inalienable rights like life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 

Ban gas-operated firearms.
Universal background checks. 
Require licensing, training, and insurance to own a gun.
How much did@the NRA donate to your campaign??
Stoping violence has nothing to do with law abiding Americans. No to prison schools.
All options on the table.  I accept this if you will ban assault weapons.  See @Vets4GunReform.
Protect the 2nd. Secure our schools.
