I’m so embarrassed for you.
The US’s second largest purchaser of soybeans has stopped buying our crops.  Rural Americans are paying a steep price for Trump’s big button peace.
Don't get your hopes up.  The Nobel Committee has higher standards
fraud trump can't get through a day without several lies and new attorneys, I hope you get fried, joe donnelly for indiana!!!
Sorry, but I don’t watch propaganda. 
Also explain how Trump making violent threats to N Korea represents “peace”....
Oh man! Auditioning directly for the president’s love! You must be so nervous!
I think you mean how you are wasting Indiana taxpayer dollars and focusing more on getting media attention than helping your state
Did you actually confess that you’re a bonafide sycophant??
Disgusting.  Why would we give an award to someone who does their job?  And in this case, poorly.  And isn’t the measure of success multifaceted?  You should be ashamed.   #Resistance
No Nobels for sending insulting tweets, sorry.
Sycophants. I wish you cared about discussing the needs in you state of Indiana and not the ego stroking of the President.
So instead of spending time legislating, you'd rather be on t.v. advocating for a symbolic prize for a president that said, in regards to terrorists, "you have to go after their families". This man deserves the Peace prize?
You are a clown and an embarrassment to every single Hoosier.  
Because you are a KISS UP Clown for the National Embarrassment President!! trying to get elected again on this tail of the worst president the US has ever had.
“You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything”
I don't think they give those to people who are under investigation.
I was gonna like another similar tweet but decided I needed to tell you myself.
You are an embarrassment to Indiana and a big league #SuckUp #Gross
Shame on you.
It's unfortunately hard to shame someone who so obviously has no shame. Or the mental capacity for it.

You’re a disgrace to the American people and to Indiana. You sir do not represent me or the majority of Hoosiers. The President of the United States is lying to the American public and you’re too busy kissing his ring to represent decency & family values. #Disgusting
If there were an award for the biggest buffoon on the planet, you would win hands down Luke. Nominating a man who wants so badly to be a wartime president, who threatens nuclear war, who couldn't launch nukes decided to start a trade war instead, for a peace prize? Beyond stupid.
You are an example of everything that is wrong with this country.
Because you are profoundly stupid and a disgusting boot-licker? Is that why?

I had a DWI back in 1987 and have listed it on every job application since. I just feel it is best to get the facts out up front. Your lack of candor is the kind of thing that got McCabe fired. I think I'll tune you out.
You need to wipe the brown off your nose
#replukemesser just one question...Do you swallow after kissing trump's privates, or do you rinse your lips & mouth first??? #replukemesser #lukemesser makes #Indiana / #Indy PUKE!!! Just "SAY NO" to little lukey!
You’re a disgrace to Indiana
Didn’t mr trump lie about paying Stormy?

I thought it was AFTER negotiations & finally a summit meeting & Peace that trump could be a candidate for a NOBEL. Not before anything was agreed to. Isn’t that putting trump into a no-win situation. Either he has to take a bad situation for the US, or he runs home tail b/w legs
Hallo Mr R. Luke A Foxfriend. Will you wear a hat with bells on the show to please the king? Can I pet your unicorn while u r there? How many wishes do you get when being a polic..Oligocene..s..argon? Do you get to puff the dragon a lot? Good luck, Mr Nobel Prize Grinch Man. 
Come next election
You are a fool










.@RepLukeMesser  LOL  .@realDonaldTrump "who dubbed Kim 'Little Rocket Man,' boasted about his larger nuclear button and promised to unleash on North Korea 'fire and fury like the world has never seen' — as a Nobel peacemaker may seem, to many, incongruous." @axios quoted.
Wouldn’t we want an agreement first? 
#CartBeforeHorse
‘Walking away from a deal’ is UNACCEPTABLE, especially after agreeing to meet with DPRK without pre-conditions.  The job of a president is to make deals on behalf of America, not to offer to meet only to give up positioning and then walk away!  Stupid.
A lying president is a weak president.  And CHN, DPRK, and Iran clearly have the upper hand now.  Donald Trump agreed to meet Kim Jung Un WITHOUT pre-conditions which weakened America’s interests even more.  Trump needs to stay away from the upcoming talks  #noCONfidence
That’s a Lunacy What has trump accomplished yet Nothing except for lying every day You might bring this up maybe if USA signs a Peace Agreement with North Korea
You need to look in the mirror and ask yourself the question.
You hack.
No peace yet!!  1 meeting between North and South.  Nothing signed.
