Where is the stop concert violence act? The stop theater violence act? The stop church violence act? Hhhmmm, maybe it should be called the stop gun violence act.
I don't go to concerts because I enjoy what little hearing I've retained, but please believe I am carrying at church and in the movie theatre.
It’s a people issue Melissa not a gun issue
Alrighty then, take a gun, load it and set it on your table with the safety OFF. Do not touch the gun. When the gun fires without anyone touching let me know and I’ll agree with your statement. Until then I’ll stick with it’s the people
Alrighty then. Take two similar situations. Two persons. One points a gun towards the other, pulls the trigger and shoots the other dead. The other situation is exactly the same except there is no gun. One twitches his finger.. and they are both unharmed. It's the gun bro.
Unless perhaps, there’s a bomb, a knife, a car, a screwdriver or pencil through the ear.  There are many ways to kill without guns and if it were even possible to remove the guns which it is not, the other means would be employed.  Wake up!  Seriously!!
And you wonder why ppl over the world are afraid of Americans? All you seem to be thinking about are ways of killing ppl. Seek help, seriously.
I certainly don’t live in your Nirvana . . . where there are school shootings, are you really that blind.  Now that’s scary!!?
A law put in place will surely stop them...NOT!!  Haters like you show them hating us ok.
Not selling machine guns to the general public seems like a no brainer to me...it really isn’t that hard....
Arming teachers and faculty rather then taking away the entire populations right to own arms seems like a no brainer to me.
AMEN!
Fuck God.
Fuck Trump.
Fuck stupid people like you.
LITTLE ANDREW! PERFECT NAME! LOL!
Make people who have gun go make a gun license
Just print one out from MS Paint and call it good?
Forget the teachers with guns. Replace at least one window in each class with on that can be used to escape. They have new doors that are shatter proof. Replace class doors   Put in Security gates to block shooters in one area. It’ll be a big hit.
Maybe banning guns would be more effective. No guns, no shootings. A bit out the box, i know but just might work...ya know like it did for Australia and the UK. Or maybe take a leaf out of Japan's stric gun laws book, seems to work for them.
Shall not be infringed. Don't like the inspired constitution and you love how other countries do things, sounds like you should move.
Wasn't the ilegal sale alcohol (prohibition) part of the constitution way back when?!? The good o'l USof A had no problems infringing that one 
what pisses me off is some schools across the nation say they don't have money for security measures, but then turned around and spent Hundreds of thousands of dollars to fund School walkouts for gun control protests. Then FORCED students to attend, if not they were reprimanded.
And they Call the Right Wing Conservatives "Nazi's" you can't go more "Hitler" than that.
Your right and it has nothing to do with guns. What happened when president Kennedy was assassinated. These are sick people and President Trump is doing better than other President. Raid the fbi and leave our President alone. Hillary, Obama, comey. Should I go on
You are wright our children have to be safe but has anyone stoped to think that we are a free people because the wourld knows that we are armed and will back our troops
OK thanks
And gun control? What happened to that? Did your meeting with the NRA change your mind?
Stubby grip and modified c-clamp works well to control an ar-15.
As a Nigerian that has been my long time dream.  To visit  the White House
We hope to have you here someday friend!
How can I make it to the USA?
Adding guns to this mess obviously is NOT going to help ensure our safety. There has already been another school shooting. I speak for many when I say I'm disappointed on how our government chooses to "help"


Ey Donald yo no soy de norte América pero se que eso nunca se va a cumplir a vos lo único que te interesa es seguir en la presidencia cuando vas a cumplir lo que dices por algún medio de comunicación no por Twitter
This needs to be addressed as well President Trump...

@BenSwann_: Why is it that when mass shootings are debated in America, the discussion always goes toward tougher gun laws? Yet we are not talking about the role of psychiatric drugs?
Why aren't we talking about psychiatric drugs? Do people know that in Florida, they have the highest rate of foster care kids on these meds? Behavior issues arise from the roller coaster of changing them, too.
If kids in foster care are hopped up on tons of them, just think how many outside of that are too. It's totally insane. These drugs help some that need them but they cannot be the answer to everything. Kids need attention, life skills to cope.
Yes, let's blame foster children for gun violence. By the way, my parents were dedicated foster parents for years. None of the children that lived with us IN FLORIDA were "hopped up" on drugs. Stop being disgusting.
Oh zip it. NOBODY blamed foster children or parents. It was an example. I'm a former GaL. 

Your constant victimizing is exhausting.
Exhausting? Ignoring GUNS in an epidemic GUN problem in this country is as well.
Epidemic, I dunno they had weapons since the start of America to begin with. Murder will always be a part of america and guns only enlarge peoples own prinitive output as they are. Bad people get detroid like places while people who can behave with it dont get much of a burden.
Explain why were the only 1st world country that floods its country with guns and the only one with our level of firearm death rate.
Let's talk about the secret, the real cause of the Parkland shooting, the fact they ignore troubled youth so federal funding will roll in.
Their 'Promise Program' is nothing but a #Kids4Cash trade.
The more trouble on the loose, the more money they get.
Then explain Sandy Hook. Or Thurston. Or Columbine. Etc.
Do you realize how many children are on dangerous mind-altering psych meds? 
Are you aware of the effects of these pills?
Many children are on 5 or more psychiatric medications!

A: Year's ago, schools were not psych wards. They are now.  #LegalDrugPushers #BIGpharma  #Kids4Cash
Why is it when I send you a message you can't answer it back but you want the American citizens to listen to you why is that
.@POTUS @BetsyDeVosED; NO GOV TEACHER SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO HERD AMERICA’S CHILDREN TOWARDS POLITICAL PROPAGANDA

 STOP THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS UNION FROM TAKING LOBBY MONEY FROM ANY POLITICAL ACTIVISTS GROUPS NOW

#NationalWalkoutDay
#SaturdayMorning #KAG
Education system in America has been going downhill the last 10+ years! Dems have purposely done this to turn OUR children into Robots!! 
10 years? How about 50?
I fall in that 50+ yr & received a great education in the Public system! My children however were not-SO I took upon myself 2 educate them 
I attended California public schools in the 60’s. By then, they were already terrible. The John Dewey philosophy of progressivism was fully entrenched.
wow...I went to 4 elementary schools - 1 junior high school - 3 high schools (Military Brat) I guess I was fortunate enough to have adapted
I suspect military schools didn’t embrace liberalism as quickly as California did. Life experience taught me to adapt. Sometimes the hard way.
I wouldn't consider that privilege- it was awful what we endured because our parents were Military
how about restricting gun sales/usage in the first place?
@LRbullies 
Bad people with guns and evil intentions can only be stopped by good people with guns. #2A https://twitter.com/AnthonyImperat3/status/968089002728452096/photo/1pic.twitter.com/UyyHVc29S6 
The shooter was already leaving.......
Thanks for stating the obvious. #SMH! What you fail to see is that he prevented a murderer from committing similar offenses in the future. Not to mention saving tax payers some money. #2A #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
He was leaving and would have been arrested. Your fanatical.
No, I'm not fanatical, I'm tactical. So you're saying that murderers, rapists, robbers, etc. have the right to kill innocent people but THEY shouldn't be killed?! #SMH! #DemControlNow #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder

The recent school shooter, Nicholas Cruz, was a Trump supporter. Do some research before posting lies!
They're all republicans. Every single one.
Nope
Again, do some research!
You must think you are a genius by golly! I responded to "they are all republicans" with nope. Thanks for playing, consolation prizes are at the door on
Name one who wasn't
The guy that shot Scalese at softball practice.
All of the mass shootings that have been happening on a regular basis are CIA false flag operations aimed to eventually disarm and confiscate firearms from US citizens. It's been happening since before Sandy Hook.
Need to eliminate guns completely
Another school massacre is inevitable. Nothing will change because you and your administration refuse to get serious about rationalizing gun laws and our mental health system.
You are insane 
You have had more devastation with storms and other terrible things happening because of the wars and Obama not funding the military equipment for 8 yrs.
do you have your but up bare in the air when the nra comes in?
You backed out of your "I'm not afraid of the NRA" and now have done nothing to truly protect our kids.
President Trump can't be blamed for violence arising on any of our schools, the principal of every school should be held responsible for their safety.

Excellent !  We  Should  Use  Our  Trained  Law  Officers  in  Our  Schools  and  Arrest  and  Deport  all  illegals  in  The  USA .  Remember , Many  Violent  Murderers  Are  illegal  immigrants ....................<><><>
#EnoughIsEnough
And where are hoorays from the mainstream media?
Pretty weak response to one of the most pressing problems facing our Country!
here is what teachers actually want to do

Make the schools safer with construction jobs. hurricane/bulletproof windows and doors. Inside and out. Mag lock doors buzz people in. Make the parking lots restructured with natural and man made barriers Make so this never happens because the buildings are much safer.
Continued good work on the safety in Schools! # SchoolSafety#@realDonaldTrimp
Are you actually aware a teacher fired his gun in class today and injured a student? 
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/03/14/teacher-accidentally-fires-gun-in-class-students-injured.html … From your own PR network so not #fakenews
Aha!! So that makes it a terrible idea!
Because 1 in 3.1 million teachers, fired his gun by mistake.
Do you understand percentage?
The teacher is also a reserve police officer, which make this situation even worse.

Read the article.  Do you understand stupidity - I'm guessing you look in the mirror each morning, so you should.
I feel that USA should ban the guns to the common people.

Shool shooting in Maryland another one......
I think  it’s very important to teach the constitution and rights of the American people in school  the Australian gun buy back ie confiscation occurred right after a highly publicized act!  The schools are teaching the MSM narrative very dangerous!!!
Sad. You obviously haven’t been in a modern school...ever. I’m a teacher, not a police officer! I love on kids all day and would never want to have them detect my weapon in those interactions. You’ll never understand b/c you’re totally out of touch w/the educ profession!
I know golf carts are a nice way to roustabout-in  ,Having said http://that.it  would be the very last thing I would have liked to be seen in while 17 Children were slaughtered. Precise thinking with your actions brings about living results.
I love it like I love McDonald’s
Blah-blah-blah. Nothing of substance here. You have been reduced to Town Cryer, obviously.
Thank You I assume this also means that the Promise Programs in the schools started by previous President are being removed. All these did was encourage more violence
Stop the guns ! To stop the killing!!!!!!!
This tragedy will happen again and you have blood on your hands!!!!!!
Not enough money and no changes to gun control,big fat zero
What about better education? More professionals to help and educate students instead of cutting funds. De Vos has no knowledge... worthless.
Thank you..I work in the schools..I am always aware of my surroundings..if you ask me to arm up..I will..I'm 69 bit I will carry if needed.
Did you follow through on raising the age of which a person can purchase guns? Or did you back down to the NRA??
The students at Parkland say you are not doing anyway near enough.
Good on you mate luvs you God bless
Simple - BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS!  You shamed other repubs for being afraid of the NRA, but you are the terrified one! #CowardPOTUS

In the civilized world no teachers need to be armed - and no school shootings because no one can buy assault weapon. You are so pathetic #realDonaldTrump #NYTimes
I’m sure the NRA is very thankful for all you’ve done.
Now take another step Mr sessions fire McCabe  then prosecute him   If not you should be next !! Maga 45 
Not you again
#give the teacher guns! #DONTBESTUPIDTRUMP
Think about putting police sub-stations @ schools.. Makes school a hard target and would build good relationships between the police and kids. It would humanize the officers and let the kids see them in a different light
As a teacher, I actually like this idea... Much better than arming teachers!
Need same security in schools as is in airports.
If we had security guards at school entrances like they do at college football games would eliminate mass shootings.
I agree 100% we need trained police officers or security at every school! My experience with terrorism is that they want an easy target. This will deter these attacks from happening!
Gun licensing with NRA oversight
No, you must put the safety of American's children, and all American's first by implementing real restrictions on ownership of assault weapons. Say no to the NRA.
Fix the real problems!  We know you know what they really. 
Great news from the President however real change needs to begin in the hearts of all school kids who need to be nicer to one another. There is too much bullying and uglyness towards one another. Let’s be kind, let’s be tolerant and let us be compassionate towards all.
Get it right @POTUS  If the #FBI and local law enforcement did their job, #Cruz would have been arrested and this wouldn’t have happened, the government needs to clean up the #FBI and #DOJ I stand with you @realDonaldTrump but @jeffsessions needs to do his job #LockThemAllUp
Arrested on what charge?
http://time.com/5199328/seaside-high-school-gun/ … What could go wrong?? #PhonyPresident
Awesome strategy.
Fact: From 1968-2011, more people were killed by firearms than all wars fought by the country. #NeverAgain
Any detailed plan for yet another initiative?? Quiet as a Church Mouse...I'm watching, waiting, and listening for this. Plan to March with our Future on March 24th! Our Liberal Millennials aren't having it! Old enough to know right for wrong! They won't be Bamboozled! Believe It!

My sister, got arrested for arguing with an older step son, who was being a problem, and she had other little kids to worry about! ZERO TOLERANCE ZONE! They should of arrested him, and maybe he would learned to behave! THIS TOO WAS WRONG!
IT WILL HAPPEN AGAIN & again as long as there is easy acess to military type guns!
Wow, you passed an "ACT". All talk and no action.We are leaving it to our children to fight for their own safety. You have the power to change this and you write an "Act". Shame on you.
Action on gun control is what is needed Donnie.  Get you head out of the NRA’s butt.
But it will happen again. And again. Because nobody wants to address the real problem.
WE AGREE WITH YOU !
PRESIDENT !
PLEASE CONTINUE PRAYING !!!
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN !
WELCOME TO CALIFORNIA !
!
HAPPY ST. PATRICK DAY!
You're a clown
Ban assault rifles. I'm saying it again.
Doesn’t matter...people can still get guns!!! Or they will use other methods.
But it'll make it less likely for them to get their hands on one. The numbers of shootings would go down tremendously compared to without a ban
You’re fired #CelebrityPresident
Oh it will happen again and we all know it. As long as you and the Republicans are up the butt of the NRA, people are going to die in schools, in theaters, in malls, and wherever people gather. All that support the NRA will again be murderers.
I think every school needs the alarm buzzers at the doors like they have at Ross ,Rohds clothing they would be great help
I do agree!But please NO GUN BANS Sir!
Why by giving everyone bloody guns
That act is a meager attempt to shutdown the majority of Americans who want sensible gun control. We’re not going away nor giving up.
You are a horrible person.  Think of what you say. Making your comments personal, is an example of how you have no morals. Counting the days until you are no longer in the White House!
How about giving schools funds to teach their students or money to hire counselors to identify and support kids at risk? @BetsyDeVosED would rather just arm teachers and teach kids about fending off bears. @realDonaldTrump didn’t realize you were Betsy’s bitch.
How about a stop STUPID people becoming PRESIDENT ACT!!!  FUCK YOU CHUMP!!!
Your Petition for The Internet Bill of Rights was held from posting for two weeks. Started to appear after it expired. Need to do a new one and we can blast again.
Best POTUS ever!
Let me know when you & the House actually do something meaningful Start here  #Pass #AssaultRifleBan #UniversalBackgroundChecks #MinimumAgeRequirements
NRA bought you off.  You talked tough, age limitations, etc, then caved in to NRA.  Bone spurs?
He figured confiscation from 18-20 year olds would probably lead to a civil war.
What happened to " Not being Afraid of the NRA" Its a start but you have stepped back from everything you said you would do.
Yes. It can. Won’t stop until you have to balls to enact arms restriction.
If America turns our public school systems into prison, that is when I start the process of successfully immigrating to another country like Australia or Canada. 

If we the people can’t appropriately stand up for this or other important issues, what is next? Our freedoms?
Empty words until you support serious gun control. Second amendment is about a well regulated militia, not about guns no matter the societal cost.
Trump Tarafından Dün Yeni Göreve Atanan CIA Direktörü Gina Sherry Haspel, Irak'ta Ebu Garip Hapishanesinde Sivillere işkence Eden ve Bir Sivili Elektrikle Yakıp Cesediyle Resim Çeken Biridir.
@realDonaldTrump you’re an asshole!  How can fire a dedicated member of the FBI right before his retirement threshold?  Clearly an intimidation tactic!
Hail the nra you lying Russian pawn.
All the best.
And yet, a tragedy like Parkland WILL happen again, despite your posturing. SAD!
DJ You can't fight a phycological war with guns. #USGovt must act to reduce gun culture, make arms unreachable. Not amplify their availability & reach to one and all. Need to understand why people are resorting to shoot out? Work to Correct the #culture, #temperment & perspective
You really can't make this stuff up! Now a teacher discharges a gun in a class demonstration of safety and injures a student! It's time to stand up to mega corporate interests AND the NRA. The blue wave is coming while we wait for Paul Ryan to find his balls.
We are not fooled by the name of your proposal.  Do u think you can put down your hamburger and cell phone for one minute and actually do something useful.
You need to “arm” schools with enough teachers, guidance counselors, social workers & nurses if you are serious about helping kids. We’ve already had two teachers accidentally fire a gun at school. Also work on racism as more & more mass shooters are racist.
@TheDemCoalition
41m ago

“First of all, Douglas ran out of paper for, like, two weeks in the school year, and now all a sudden they have $400 million to pay for teachers to get trained to arm themselves?” says @Emma4change. “Really? Really?”
 https://www.thecut.com/2018/03/parkland-survivor-emma-gonzalez-arming-teachers-stupid-60-minutes.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t … …
This is junk. Does not go far enough and does not address what was asked for.  You are NOT putting school safety or event safety or anything in line to make a difference.  March 24th we will be in Washington.....  look out your windows..or will you be golfing in Florida?
And thanks to your ineptitude, there are people living today who will lose their lives to gun violence...maybe today, maybe next week, maybe in a few months. #ImpeachTrumpNow #theresistance #notmypresident

And a bunch of stupid lemming students attacked their fellow students that were holding a Trump sign.Trump is advocating better background checks, increasing the age to 21, and  keeping schools safe. Just goes to show the left doesn't really care about any of these issues. #fools

This is my hometown school system Donald.. while you are "talking"!about legislation this is our reality..
When are gonna stop patting yourself on the back and do what needs to be done?

He’s fired, Trumps the President, whose the moron?
Tillerson is worth far more money than Trump. He also prob wont be brought up on conspiracy charges either. Yeah Tillerson is way smarter than Trump. He will go back to making billions off of oil and polluting the planet now.
Let us hope so Donald
Who can want to be my sponsored ?
So, instead of dealing with preventive issues that would also reduce crime in society as whole down the road, you choose to escalate things? Violence breeds violence, you need to be able to counter violence in non-escalating ways- that is sign of intelligence, not this.
Toothless sham!  NRA wins again.
Oh. I dunno. Couldn't instead of that we try doing something useful that might solve the actual problem? Please?
Do you know why JAPAN bombed Pearl Harbor by air and NOT the United States mainland with troops on the ground?
Because which idiot would bring boats over the pacific.. past Hawaii and towards the American west coast?
You did nothing to protect our children. Only sensible, common sense GUN LAWS will do that. You won’t do that because you are SCARED of the NRA
but it did
Liar if you cared you would have stood up to NRA guess you showed us their blood money is more
Important than children’s lives # more broken promises
How about National gun reform legislation?
Give the tools with tools, You can even have trade schools help. On the job training for students
After you are removed from office ... We'll fix everything that you undid
I can't wait til you're nothing but a bad memory!!
You’re not and never will be the President that Obama was.
Thank goodness
Sorry, Connie. God doesn’t exist. He’s an illusion of mind. Of those who fear death and the illogical
No need to apologize to me, God gave us all free will to accept or reject Him.
Please stand up to the NRA and take Assualt Rifles out of the public's hand. We have to have a license to drive and for our vehicles. It's not to much to ask for mandatory classes & licensing of all firearms. Unless they're in the Military and or w/a parent the age is 21...
Driving is a privilege, gun ownership is a right. And "assault rifles" are class 3 firearms which means they require a 9-12 month background check and a special tax stamp from the ATF, the are serialized and kept in a database. No "Assault Rifles" were used in a mass shooting
Sandy Hook, San Bernandino, Pulse Night Club/Orlando Fl., & not even the latest at Stoneman Douglas. All of these mass shootings were done with AR's.  Please do your homework as it doesn't take but hours sometimes to receive a firearm in this country. #Start caring!
Ill believe it when i see it

you are a coward- why couldn't you stand up to the NRA..you don't actually stand for anything, except trump businesses
يا عم ترامب والله انك بطل 
خلبتنا كلنا منقدرش نرد عليك
Build walls around every school rather than advocating armed teacher engaging in shoot outs with students in the middle.
It happened again
But it shall
Why don't you just call Obama and ask him how to handle since you don't know how.
It will continue to until you make steps to reduce the gun culture in your country. Otherwise nothing will ever change.
Yes
You are so afraid of the NRA .  Our children are being murdered at their desks.  Grow a set and do something!
wonderland


Now the house needs to make legislation for ,% school choice, it's unamerican to tax and force citizens into indoctrination camps unwilling
Nice name!  What does it say?  What does it do?
Where is the 21 year old part?  They can't drink, but they can buy guns?
So..you're moving mass shootings into the streets..movie theatre..concert..club..church & everywhere else large crowds gather?
Mueller! &. Stormy
