Interesting. You come from a state that does not equitably fund the education part of the school equation, but you are fine spending oodles of money building fortresses to "protect" children.
Why must you mislead people.  Gun rights are not under attack.  We do need sensible gun legislation to stop people from being killed. Stop being divisive. You represent  me too.
exactly what gun laws do you want that are not on the books now but not enforced?
This too is a desperate attempt to “make it through the primary.” Why do you avoid doing the work your Constituents want. Raise the Minimum Wage, Medicare for all, SNAP, DACA, you do not want to help, you only hinder- the party is using you Luke. To your detriment - #GOPTool
No one is targeting rights!!  My gods, you willfully ignorant fool! Stop lying to people and do what your constituents want!  We want COMMON SENSE measures to protect people!! The NRA’s blood money doesn’t change the fact that you’ll be voted out!!!
Hoosiers want you to keep your guns out of schools and off the streets of Indianapolis.  73% of Hoosiers do not own guns and we don't want yours all up in our face.  Go play with your gun on your own property.
getting rid of assault weapons is not targeting constitutional rights - that is such a BS argument!
Hoosiers get it: Targeting the Constitutional rights of law-abiding gun owners is not the answer. I applaud @realDonaldTrump for focusing on areas of consensus and delivering for Hoosier families, teachers and…
How long before you cave on gun rights too? I will vote for the @LPIN candidates instead because I want to protect the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. They are under attack by politicians like @RepLukeMesser, @ToddRokita , @SenDonnelly and @SenToddYoung !
NO CITIZEN,LAW ABIDING OR NOT NEEDS TO OWN A MILITARY TYPE WEAPON MADE only TO KILL MANY!
God you are awful. Just keep hitching yourself to this unpopular joke of a president.
BS! Not attacking anyone's constitutional rights. NRA BS!!! How many $$$$$ do you get from the NRA? You get a no vote here.
