Nobody wants your prayers! We want action! #BradyLaw2Now
interesting since you voted Nay
Their blood is on your hands. How many more lives need to be lost before you take action?
And yet you voted against a measure for stricter background checks.
As someone who does the bidding of @NRA, you're an accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.
.@JerryMoran After you pray please pass some meaningful legislation.
How many more times do we have to "grieve and pray" while you continue to block measures to prevent this from happening again?
Time for ACTION, too. Monday, vote to support universal background checks & to close the terror gap loophole
KS @MomsDemand
Do the right thing. Advocate for sensible weapons regulation.
YOU CAN HELP! You can make real change. You are not helpless. We hold you to a higher standard.
Senator Actions speak louder than words Stop! Assault weapons R being used 2Kill innocent Americans. UR vote-that's OK, its not!
Shame on you Senator. It's the GOP, NRA that are to blame. Prayers are not the answer! Ban ASSALT WEAPONS! #gunsensevoter
After you are done praying, how about you actually take some action? Also, thanks for suddenly giving a crap about us gays.
You had a chance to stop this, but on 4/17/13 you voted against a background check bill. #complicit
you don't get to grieve you NRA lapdog.  This happened because of you and those like you.  Guilt is most appropriate emotion.
You can pray because their blood is on your hands
as your constituent,I pray that you will wake up and work toward sensible gun laws. You can stop this if you turn from the NRA.
Hypocrite. #lawsnotprayers #doyourjob
Prayers do nothing. Stricter gun laws prevent these tragedies and shame on you for voting AGAINST them.
What actions do you plan on taking to prevent a tragedies like this from happening again?
.@JerryMoran stop serving up platitudes and protect your fellow Americans 
@GetEQUAL
.@JerryMoran, no grief will cover over the fact that you vote with anti-LGBTQ @FRCdc 100% of the time...
I don't doubt your sincerity here- don't forget the nations mourning today the next time you have opp to pass tougher gun laws
no prayers for the LGBT community?  Mean what u say and vote for common sense gun laws. But you love the NRA instead #hypocrite
Why unthinkable? It was entirely foreseeable and you could've prevented it by voting to ban assault weapons. Your fault.
Could a background check have averted this massacre?
Not interest in grief or prayers, only interested in gun control. What will it take for you to do something?
cause praying for them will bring them back

Terrorists urge followers to buy guns in US http://bit.ly/1XNLs1x  

@JerryMoran voted 2keep FBI from stopping them https://twitter.com/JerryMoran/status/742022170289668097 …
didn't you vote to allow terrorists to continue to buy guns? do something that will prevent this. Praying isn't WORKING.
Vote to ban assault rifles, keep your #ThoughtsAndPrayers to yourself @JerryMoran Because it only helps to make you feel better. #Orlando
i think the families might appreciate laws ending this more than they appreciate prayers
if we as a people started pooling money together to give you, would this make you vote how we want you to and not gun lobbies?
What will it take to get Congress to pass meaningful gun reforms? is this enough? is 50 people dying enough to make a change?
I can feel the sincerity in your expression of grief. You'll probably skip seconds on dessert tonite
Prayers are a starting point but they cannot be the end. Actions speak louder than words.
get a brain Moran
Do something, Jerry. Please.
trying to wash the blood off your hands? You could have voted to stop this. You didn't.
Crocodile tears from a man that actively works to allow this to continue.
Prayers aren't enough. What are you actually going to do to stop this from happening? #gunsensevoter
who cares what you and any legislator has to say today? Orlando shows how irrelevant and ineffective you all are.
your prayers mean nothing.
Prayers don't do anything about our gun problem. You voted against the assault weapons ban. This is on your hands. Do something!
Your prayers do *nothing* if you don't act. Do your job, legislate common sense laws regulating guns and banning assault rifles.
maybe pray for the victims too. They are queer so that is a tough one for you. On 2nd thought keep your prayers & do something.
How much blood money have you received from the NRA to allow automatic weapons to be sold
How does the blood money you've been bought with feel in your pockets? You betray your constituents with your indifference.
Thoughts and prayers?Really?No,This is up to us.Whoever you're praying to has sufficiently proven not to give a shit about us.
How much would it cost for your vote for sensible gun laws? #gunsense
you helped cause this, stop praying start acting
You allow automatic weapons to be sold , and then you  pray ?
Shame on you.
☡

Don't just send "thoughts and prayers".

                    #ThinkAndAct 

☡
Start with donating to the people of Orlando, or to youth clubs, or LGBT awareness causes. Donating prayers is cheap.
50 people are dead today. How many more before you limit access to the weapons used by terrorists?
#ThoughtsAndPrayersAndFuckAllElse amirite?
Prayers don't stop violence; they merely pass the buck onto an unaccountable mythic being that can't be questioned. Use actions.
How about you actually enact legislation that will curb this type of thing?
thoughts & prayers = nothing. when will your party give up the NRA and the hate?
#GOPYouOwnThis #NRABloodOnYourHands
Gun control then pray for victims Gun control then pray for victims Gun control then pray for victims
Your #ThoughtsAndPrayers don't save lives. Which matters more: NRA $$ or American lives?
Your prayers are futile and selfish. It's time for gun reform, NOW.
I am praying that congress will have the courage to stand up to the NRA and pass a common sense ban on assault rifles
It's "unthinkable" that protecting gun rights at all costs produces corpses every day?
how about action rather than just lip service
It was a terrorist attack by an Islamic terrorist...not "violence"! 

You sound like a democrat!!!  Call it what it is!
#thebloodisonyourhands
Don't need your prayers
#BloodyHands Jerry

ACTION speaks louder than WORDS

BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS
#OrlandoShooting
Help pass legislation to try to prevent mass shootings. I'm praying Congress actually does something.
