Thank you.
Look at the liberals thanking you! That ought to speak volumes. Get on the Trump train or you'll be unemployed. Mark my words.
Most republicans will be unemployed in a little over a year. Mark my word. 
@Aundria_Hamby Kapowwwwww Senate health bill goes down for the count. You can't make this shit up.
Good...we want FULL Repeal!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Want in one hand and shit in the other and see which one fills up first.
...gladly, cause as long as the moochers are no longer mooching, I am good with it.
Single payer coming.
If that is the case, then your are the next Charlie Gard
God is in control remember? Not a doc who wants his 15 min of fame. Let him go.
@realDonaldTrump @newtgingrich @VP @GovAbbott @GovMikeHuckabee @GovMattBevin @HHSGov

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=467164243664315&id=184795298567879 …



https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=794685147376064&id=765137956997450 …

THANK YOU!
It takes courage to stand up for what's right rather than what those close to you expect.
Only voting no bcos does not fully repeal and that's disgusting! Should vote no bcos it doesn't protect people
I thank you both
GOD BLESS YOU
Thank you for putting kansans needs first
Thank you
y'all did the right thing. thank you.
AWESOME, PATRIOT!

Thank you for NOT supporting a "Weakth Care" bill that would have caused great suffering and even death to thousands of children & elderly.
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT. SEN LEE TRUMP 2 TERM PRESIDENT
#PutinBot
Thank you.
Thank you!!! Let the free market solve healthcare!
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Thank you! Do not support this revision b/c it's more of the same. #trumpcareismurder
That makes you not only a true patriot but a really smart guy. This HC bill is a disaster.Cong needs to start working with Dems to fix exist
Thank you.
Keep it up! Anyone who votes for this bill is a cuck RINO!! #KillTheBill
Thank you, sir! I wish @SenAlexander and @SenBobCorker cared so much about Tennesseans as you do for your constituents!
I have read your statement and realize you are voting no for the opposite reasons than I would have, but I will still thank you for your no!
I'm sure I don't agree with your reasons for withdrawing your support, but I am glad you have and thank you for doing so.
BRAVO gentlemen!  While revisions are inevitable, I thank you for seeing that this was not the way.
Bravo Senators!!!!
THANK YOU gentlemen!!!!!
Please don't vote for a repeal of ACA.  We can't repeal without a replacement that works for your kansans
Thank you!!
Thank you sir.
Thank you! Congressman Marshall is currently lying about what Medicaid does on MSNBC. Medicaid is not welfare.
Thank you, Senator.  Major Charles Munyon, MD, USAR
Let insurance companies sell across state lines, set up health clinics, encourage midwifery & let Obamacare crash & burn.
You have saved thousands of lives.
Please be responsible with Americans' healthcare.  NO #repeal without #replace.  It will destabilize the market. Business hates uncertainty.
You Sir aren't for the American people or America!!
Thank you!
THANK YOU! You may have just saved my life.
Well, that's that then.
My colleague @JerryMoran and I will not support the MTP to this version of BCRA #HealthcareBill
No. No it's not. They could bring it back in a different, probably even worse, form. Stay alert!
It wasn't conservative enough for them! That's some scary sh*t!! It's the Republican Insurance Plan, aka #RIP!
Insist on an actual full repeal then replace with market oriented program.
What's more market oriented?
You know, posted prices, lack of subsidies to giant corporations, etc.
Thank you!
Full repeal and get out of that business! Fix the economy to create jobs.. '18 elections are a disaster! TRUMP might be in trouble after..
Thank you!!! See you at FreedomFest!!
#MoranOut
I know you're only doing this because you want it to be much worse for the American people, but thanks anyway. I like having insurance.
Thank You for being humanity @SenMikeLee and now over 20 millions American are thankful
Nope
THANK YOU!!!
They're only doing it because it isn't conservative (mean) enough
But still, it's a no vote
Just saying, no need to thank them
Of course there us readon to thank- they went against great pressure and might have damaged their futures
This bill was extremely unpopular. If anything, they salvaged what little the could.
huh
Please don't now, either. Kill the bill, don't kill us.
No, your decision was based on what made you look good to the people who write the big CHECKS!

Yeah and we have the best doctor's wealthy people from those places come here to get surgery, and it isn't because they want to
Every #ObamaCare supporter will tell you the bill needs improvement! But kicking people off insurance and hiking premiums is disgraceful.
That's the insurance companies. They should not be private nor do they need large profit margins. You're blinded by partisanship.
Premiums are high I agree but I could actually get insurance since preexst conditions were covered  you have to realize Ocare was lifesaving
That's not how preexisting works. You can have insurance, lose it for many reasons, then not be covered when you get it again.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Vote them out. Period!
Thank you
He opposes it because it doesn't cut taxes enough or cancel enough regulations. Oh, irony.
Yes! It doesn't go far enough! RINO McConnell will never allow a REAL conservative bill to go to vote! *slow wink*
not cruel enough for you?
Obamacare has been cruel enough.
so we fix it! we dont take it and make it much much worse!
Yes please elaborate on your profound understand of economics mrs brittany hates trump
i think two-tier health care would be a good start as well. Give every1 the basics, & also allow them the option to buy better if they like
Please vote no on MTP on repealing or replacing ACA today! It's not acceptable how nontransparent this process has been!
I hope that you and Senator Jerry Moran are standing by your word today
Thank you so much. It's sad that it takes such courage to stand up for your constituents, but it does.
You both are colossal disappointments. Keep your promise or resign. We need pols who support @POTUS agenda. That's why we voted for him.
When it came to leading we see it's all talk. Now we know you've been lying all a along with your "staged votes" to repeal and replace.
Thanks, Senator. I know I'm not one of your easiest constituents to field calls from, but thanks to your staffers and to you for listening
Your job isn't to be "easy". Your job is to hold them accountable to represent YOU well in the senate.
Of course! But I try to make my pestering calls easy on the staffers anyway
I'm super nice to the staffers. The representatives deserve a little heat.
Yeah. Hard to give to them when they don't personally answer phones or hold town hall meetings or anything, like some people I know 
Yeppppp.
Thank you for placing constituents and America ahead of party.
Yep, now actually repeal Obamacare, so we can begin to rebuild our lives.
How was your life destroyed by it?
It is so costly, I can't afford insurance of any kind.
You couldn't have afforded it before then and you couldn't have afforded it under the Trumpcare plan. So..single payer it is, right?
Nope.  I had insurance until two years ago. I paid for what I needed. Under Obamacare the price escalated so much, I had to drop it.
So you had a junk ins plan? The only plans that were lost to Ocare were ones that didn't cover actual med issues.
No.  I had insurance that paid for what I needed.
Thank you. Thank you for keeping your promise.  This isn't a repeal, and needs to be defeated.
Thank you for finding and using your spines to stand up for what's right! King SwampTURDle will not help you or your impacted constituents.
The Right Side of History welcomes you both with open arms.
Not that it matters but they are only on the right side of history because they went all the way around in the other direction.
My political parenting philosophy is currently: positive reinforcement!
Fair enough as long as we realize they haven't changed and it may take the worst of them to save the rest of the country.
I guess the conclusion I've come to & what I'm seeing more of is: It's going to take the best of us to turn the worst of them to save us all
So we get to b the caretakers of these invalids huh.  I warned them bout that 
Thanks for not leaving the poor to die while benefiting the richest Americans.
Keep Listening to the fake media. #MAGA
Please don't take my girlfriend's health care. She won't able to work if she doesn't have her endometriosis treated.
Can't we call it by what it is: McConnellRyanHealthCare
Good for you and thank you for standing up for Americans
Yeah
Listen to the people and repeal.
Thank you so much. Now that McLiar will vote to repeal, get the Freedom Caucus to hurry up and pass some regulations before they replace it.
Thank you both
Thank you. You have the power to keep the only grand child i will ever have. She's 3 and has asthma and allergy. I have a spine tumors .
Thank you
Thank you Senator Moran!!!
Thank you, from Wyoming.
Think I will quit work so I can get free healthcare insurance. Seems to be that's what Americans do now. Somebody else pay my share.
So, what were you doing while you were supposed to be helping draft the bill? Haven't seen an explanation to account for time wasted.
@dawnmichele @JerryMoran Thank you for your courage to swim in the right direction 4 your constituents and the rest of America
Shame on both of you, The american people voted for Trump in hopes of a change in health care, I hope neither one of you gets reelected
Actually the American people voted for Hillary , the electoral college voted for trump..but he sure did have an amazing inauguration crowd!
Thank you for listening to your constituents. <3
Thank you!!!!
@realDonaldTrump
Repeal only. McConnell is an incompetent ass. He'd be better suited to resign. Enough of the kickbacks. Gov ruins everything it touches.
Thank you to all of the senators who fought back against a truly awful "plan."
Thank you Senators Lee and Moran.
Do what u are supposed to do or get out
PITIFUL!!! WE THE PPL WILL REMEMBER U 2 Election time!!
Thank you. Respect.
A HUGE THANK YOU!
Let Obamacare die under its own weight, just quit telling us we have to pay for it!
No Dem will vote for you No Rep will ever vote for you again You made your point now we will make ours
HELL YEAH MIKE LEE! FREAKIN AWESOME!!! 
Thank you for caring about your country!
Thank you!
#ThankYou #MikeLee and #JerryMoran one less thing to deal with in 2018 or 2020
Thank you for putting country before party.
Thanks for breaking the promise to repeal  assholes! I don't want a govt mandate to buy shitty overpriced health insurance!! WTF!
Thank you very much for this.
Thank you, All 52 republican senators promised REPEAL and REPLACE. Let's go Mitch. Get it done.
The bill isn't quite Draconian enough to the two of these guys! It doesn't kill enough poor and elderly people for them.
For the wrong reasons, but we'll take it.
Thank you. Thank you for putting the good of your constituents above party.

Thank you! Get the government out of insurance. Go back to pre Obamacare with pre existing assistance,tort reform and cross border sales.EZ!
Thank you for choosing people over party. Now please work with democrats & fix ACA. We know it has issues, please work a bipartisan solution
Thank you.
Thank you for your vote
Thank you.
Thank you and thank you! You both are saving millions of Americans from being denied affordable health insurance.
Thank you! And I hope you will vote against McConnell's Repeal Only follow-up.
Yes!
You all need to just repeal the ACA.  The status quo is worse than the republican bills. Accomplishing nothing is unacceptable!!
We are very disappointed with all the Senators and we need new republicans to run against all of the senators in 2018.
Thank you, sir
Thank you both.
Just repeal.
Thank you!
As a physician and a cancer patient, I thank you for looking out for the ordinary people that would have been hurt by this bill
You are both patriots. Thank You.
Wow, does that make you a hero? Seriously, what do you actually do as a Senator other than exercise your bowels: shut up
With friends like you, who needs enemies.
Thank you we always knew that the democrat version is much superior versus the republican version way much worse and harmful
Proud of you Mike... YOU are making America Great Again... not Drumpf;-)
Thank God for every protester and every phone call. Keep up the good fight.   No on trumpcare. Kill the bill.
Thank you!
@DNC putting statues up of you two!  They love you guys and are so thankful.  Great job maybe you can run in California now
Let's repeal ACA and come up with a plan to eliminate insurance companies and their attorneys out of the equation. I have a plan...
Thank you!  The garbage and bribes put forth by McConnell is not repeal and keeps taxes.  Pathetic leadership.  Thank you for leading!!
Sweet. Thanks. Glad to see you guys standing up against that silly man. Hope more GOP s see the light.
thank you! Please don't vote to repeal only either

Thank you
Screw the both of you s
Thank you Mr Sentor.
Please don't raid Medicaid or kick young people off of their Ins
Mike Lee and Jerry Moran need to consider resigning. They are obstructionist. Their promise was to repeal and replace Obamacare.
And once again Republicans fail in epic fashion. Why don't you all quit pretending to represent us and just caucus with the Dems?
Thank you.
Thanks 
Read comments to see how much people need these benefits, many thanking u not realizing your reasons 4 no vote ,they're just grateful for no
Hopefully you'll be pushed out in the primaries
So you're wanting Obamacare? Thanks for nothing!
Jim, the bill is a steaming pile of dog poop. Can’t you see that?
Courageous act.  Way to go.  Senate needed someone to stand up and be counted and I did.  Americans are proud of u.
So, Obamacare stays in place and the GOP will be blamed for its demise. I'm fed up with cowardly Republicans who lied to get elected.
You will not serve another term come election. You do not stand with your party
stand with his party? Is that what’s most important to you? The bill is awful. He did the right thing.
Thank you Senator Lee! And you aren't even up in 18 making your move even more rewarding!
Thank you for your bravery and patriotism.
1. Repeal Obamacare
2. Remove all mandates 
3. Allow consumers to purchase across state lines
4. GET govt out of our healthcare
The End!
A happy voter who is proud of the senators who are opposing this disastrous health care bill. #workingforthecountry not party.
THANK YOU!!! I am a pre-existing condition. What would happen if I lost my job? #PleaseDoNotKillUs
What a joke you all are!
as a member of one of the groups who would be negatively impacted (ie I am not ins company or wealthy) I thank you for nt putting party 1st
Thank you Senator Lee!
Work with Democrats for the good of our country....
Thank you so much for standing up for what is right.  I had almost lost hope in our leaders.  I'd be honored to vote for you again!
Thank you!!!! 
For 6 years you proposed repeal and replace. Now you have the opportunity and won't follow though! Government stay out of health care. Sad
Thank you, sir. America thanks you.
@RandPaul @SenMikeLee @JerryMoran @SenatorCollins I hav 850$ per Month Premium for 1 child&I & 65K per yr in taxes.. W/ R in office NO HELP!
Thank you Sir.
Thank you very much Senator. Thank you for putting your Constituents above Party. Please don't support repeal
without immediate replacement. It would destroy insurance.
Thank you! The BRCA is not "health care".
When are you going to leave GOP and join democrats?
Well, there goes near-term shot at single-payer: R were making it palatable to majority! Now we settle for "fixed" ACA, for a couple years?
Thank you to both of you sincerely.
Thank you.
Thank you.
FINALLY A REPUBLICAN WITH AMERICAN GRIT PATRIOTISM
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Thank you for standing strong. Work together to fix what exists. Do not vote for repeal.
Senator Lee you have have just insured we will never get rid of Obamacare
@JerryMoran @SenMikeLee Thznk you for standing up for your constituents. America is proud of you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you a million times!
figures since lee is a never trumper ... but a Full repeal take little boy obama's name off America's health care #tcot
And I thought the only true conservative was @RandPaul. Unless you get rid of it all, what's one more. Equal "treatment" under the law.
Thanks.  Don't undo the current but work along party lines to do the right thing by us i.e. lower premiums. save Medicaid/care, oversee Ins.
Thank you, Senator Lee, for standing up FOR Americans.
A No vote now is the same as if you had voted yes for 0-care.  You own it, either way.  Just admit it is the goal.
I like The Two Bill idea  - One to Repeal, then one to Replace.  If we don't replace and go back to what we had, would be better for me
Thank you for putting your constituents well being over party politics.
#RepealObamacare as has been promised for 7 years! #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
Thank you!
Thank you!!!

A heartfelt thank you. Please protect those with pre-existing conditions. #HealthcareBill #BCRA
Thank you thank you thank you!
Thank u for not supporting this Bill; the reasons go far & beyond the ones articulated, including: 22M loosing coverage, $700M Medicaid cut+
Thank you.
That's understandable but when are you Republican members going to start uniting? Sick of your my way or highway attitude. #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you for putting the well-being of your constituents first.
The answer to the AHCA impasse: pass the present bill with a two year sunset when a new congress can pass a better bill.
Thank you!
Thank you, Sens.Moran and Lee 4 doing the right thing! Pls work for bipartisanship which produces good healthcare for all!  God be with you!
Coward.
