I'm glad you got to visit your loved one in the hospital; it's despicable your attacks on marriage equality would deny that to Crystal.
I feel sorry for you.  A liberal tries to murder him and this is your response.  I'll pray for you.
tell that to the millions that will lose their health care and those denied equal marriage.NixonAzi
Millions lost their insurance when Obamacare was implemented. Conservatives murdered no one over that.
so what makes you a conservative white rich Christian or just plain anal?
I have no love for conservative Christians who likes to impose their will on people. The Left these days are worse.
ok so what does that make you?
An independent that gets tired of whoever abuses power. Libs today are unbearable. Probably wil vote gop until christians regain power.
Praying for you!
We are praying for you Steve !!!
Too bad that under TrumpCare your care at the hospital might not have been enough.
Crystal Griner saved your life..she's an openly married lesbian..you have sponsered anti-LGBT legislation..will you stop being anti-LGBT?
They're family to you but you want to deny their civil rights? How does that even work?
Maybe one of those things isn't true?
His record is what it is. He's worked very hard to deny equal rights to women, queer folk, minorities.
Right, because he supported and worked on Republican legislation...as a republican, he somehow hates minorities? What evidence do you have?
Please don't bring back lifetime caps and pre-existing conditions in any way, shape, or form.  This is serious!
Get well soon Sir, Thoughts & Prayers for you & your family as well as the other victims and families ! God Speed
God Bless You All Praying 
#Griner is a HERO. We should all commend her bravery and selflessness. Thank you! @EMathenyBooks @ezas123
I pray the Lord to watch over Steve & family and for a speedy recovery as the holy spirit  mends his body.
We are with you
Maybe he'll change his views on gun control after this?
http://modernliberals.com/sorry-dont-feel-ounce-sympathy-steve-scalise/ …
yeah, maybe we can finally get gun control for liberals. No guns for liberals=reduced gun violence.
I'll second that ....
I second that also!
Much love. I'm a liberal but human first and foremost and this never should have happened.
Best reply ever.  Thank you, sweet Carrie.  *hugs*
Hugs back!
Hey Jerry, silent about GOP health care?Guess you haven't seen it either. What is GOP plan senator? QUIT HIDING!!!
God will heal and give back what the Devil tried to steal O God bless heal and help this family now in their time of need thank you
You are in our hearts  and prayers. God bless you. Let's all pray our Republic survives these liberal attacks. Stand together as Americans
when you get better you might want to rethink your hatred towards others ... unfortunately you had to experience karma the hard way - LEARN!
yet you're posting hate to a man in critical condition. Shame on you.
can you read and comprehend? try again ...
My thoughts exactly. Why would they deny someone they view as family the same rights that they have? Here's to a speedy recovery.
Adding our prayers for all of the people injured. So horrific!  In our back yard, a place where children were playing. I'm so sorry!
I'd like to add, it is all our back yard. I'm continuing to pray for all.
Out of line.
To me it was neither the time nor place. Freedom of speech, though. I'm trying to present myself better after that. Everyone really should.
We need to establish a calm conversation between both sides. Violence resolves nothing. Actually, it proves weakness on issues; Desperation.
Agreed. I voted for Trump but I'm an Independent. Not everyone who chose him agree w/ Establishment Politicians. We need 2 stop violence now
Thank god that black dyke was there ti take out the shooter and save your life..u know..the people that should have no rights...hmmm
I bet jesus put here there for you to change your hateful ways......best be paying attention.
Continuing to pray.
I am so sorry that this has happened to you and your family! The shooter can't hurt anyone else but, @realDonaldTrump can! Don't support him
Prayers for a full recovery.
We are all praying for a complete healing at Wpafb,oh over the whole base! My son and daughter in law live in New Orleans, lousianna
I pray for healing in Jesus name for Rep. Steve Scalise not only in body but spirit as well. My thoughts and prayers to you and your family
Prayers. Get well soon!
We are praying for all of your family
I claim healing and restored health for Steve in Jesus name!!
hes in my prayers, and shall stay there, <3 god bless steve, for a total recovery and happiness, I AM HERE FOR SERVICE ,endlessly,, if i may
we are and we will
We are so blessed to hear Steve Scalise's diagnosis is improving.I've been praying & listening to every news daily. HAPPY FATHER'S DAY STEVE
prayers for a speedy recovery.
Feel better soon!!!
Get well soon& thank goodness YOU don't have the Mean Mean House version of TrumpCare! Praying for YOU&that WE all don't get Mean TrumpCare!
We all pray for his speedy recovery. God bless
Steve ..Americas got your back..get better get back to work and crush the leftist ideology that did this to you.We Love you we pray for you
Or hearts are with you!!! So sad!!
Please get well
Beautiful and heartfelt words, Jennifer. We're praying for all of you! Steve's obviously a tough guy and he'll do well. GB him and all of us

Praying for a speedy recovery
Thinking of you and praying.
Prayers 
Prayers from Tucson, AZ.
So very pleased to hear that @SteveScalise has been upgraded to serious! You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers. 
My prayers are with him for a full recovery. God Bless all of you that were injured & their loving caring families. Will continue to pray
Prayers for you America is with you God healing and a speedy recovery I ask God to watch over you and you Family #MAGA!
all my prayers  for all injured and their families.   I know it's going to be a  tough recovery I'm a nurse.  God bless you.
all my prayers  for all injured and their families.   I know it's going to be a  tough recovery I'm a nurse.  God bless you
Crystal is family, and has one. If only you could respect her family. She didn't choose to be gay, but she did choose to save your life.
may God bless you and your family during this challenging time .. those who instill hate and violence will never win ever!!!
Prayers

Continuing prayers for Rep. Scalise & the wounded heros
 Speedy recovery
We are praying for all of you!!!  Get well soon.
We are thinking of your family w happiness that Steve is better and also the heartbreak of having to endure this tragedy..YOU ARE NOT ALONE
Will continue to pray. He is the care of the Lord.
Our thoughts and caring are with you across this nation.
Still want to deprive Ms Griner of her marriage?
I'm so sorry you r all going through this horrific time. May God show His face & Histender mercies pour out over your family!!
I do hope for your full recovery & that of those who were injured. I also hope you might re-think your position on marriage equality.
We cont. here in TX 2pray 4 an on-pace recovery 4u & others injured. May the Lord bless u & keep u. May His face shine upon u & given u 
Bless your heart, Anil. I'll let someone else translate that for you...
Here's hoping you have a speedy recovery, Steve!  You're in the thoughts and prayers of everyone, no matter what side of the fence we're on.
I'm so glad your husband has good health insurance to help him heal.  Too bad so many OTHER Americans won't have the same  if they require
Hope the ice cream is great!!
This should never have happened; all Americans should be sorry and pray.
By the grace of God Steve Scalise is alive; His assassin has failed
you mean the agents who's lives Scalise has done everything in his power to harm:
Minority
Women
LGBTQ
Gay Married
Shame on you
"FOREVER GRATEFUL" = STOP working against Crystal Griner's rights as LGBTQ citizen!
#StayStrong wishing you a speedy recovery .
Weyou all. 
Get well soon Rep. Scalise!
Keep  STRONG GET WELL 
May God continue to heal you all from not only the physical pain you've endured, but also the emotional upheaval & mental angst. God Bless.
From me and my wife we wish your family good luck  and we will keep  you our thoughts
@KNP2BP Thank you Jennifer for your & Steve's sacrifices. Know you didn't sign up for this! continued prayers for all
Thoughts and prayers for you and yours. Stay strong we are here for you.
Aren't you glad you health care paid by TAX$$ - you are trying to KILL American's with TRUMP CARE!
That is so sweet of Mrs.Scalise. We will continue our prayers for everyone has completely recovered. Louisiana was proud to have Reps in now
Praying for you all.  We love you and appreciate your service and the sacrice you have made for our country.  Get well soon
Alexandria Shooting Symptom of Radical Left's Threat to Free Speech/Religion & LIBRL's tacit support of such tactics
Speedy Recovery sir!
God Bless You & Your's,may the Holy Spirit watch over You,get well !
Praying for continued healing for your family and all who were affected by this. 

We need to intensify our prayers for  Mr. Scalise and everyone affected by this horrendous hate crime
keep improving, we are praying for you #lotsoflove
Prayers for the congressman and his family in these trying times. May God grant a full recovery, in Jesus' name. Amen.
Prayers for the family,staff, and police.
Prayers were sent to God 4 his great physician hand 2 guide the earthly physicians, surgeons & nurses hands N2 a full speedy recovery 4 all

praying to our Lord God Almighty for healing and strength for all of you!
Although I do not like your politics, since they harm so many, I have been praying for you and your family since the attacks.
Praying for a strong fast recovery God Bless your family true Americans are sickened by this uncalled for attack #GodBless

Please let him know the nation cares !!
I wish you well BUT at the same time while you should rethink your shitty stances on equality, gun registration, health care for ALL etc etc

Anil..no one is stopping you loving a fence post but the rest of us don't have to play into the delusional gay agenda
Prayers! Get Well Soon!!! God Bless America!
Praying
politics aside, I offer my thoughts and prayers to your family
WE LOVE YOU and are praying constantly!
Jennifer Please read in order to protect your husbands thoughts Read Samuel Annoints David Sam Chapter 16 Stay and read  bible  ur husband
God bless you all.
This liberal democrat is wishing Steve and the others a speedy and full recovery, and we will keep the families in our thoughts.
Best wishes for his recovery, but will the Congressman stop trying to deny Agent Griner her rights now?
The ironic thing is you had so many oppertunities to change the laws and look what happened.. Life's lessons can be so hard some times
Get well, Steve!!   Thoughts and prayers to you from Willoughby, Ohio!!
Get well soon!
You are all in our prayers for a full recovery!
be better
This is heartbreaking. May God help these innocent people.
God Bless you all and give you strength
Small things would i
Such a sweet lady...I hope they all recover soon!!
Rep. Scalise needs our prayers as well multiple miracles from the Almighty. He definitely has the former. We pray he be granted the latter.
God bless you and your family
Hope for a full recovery. Also hope that this life event will open ur heart to what I believe God wanted u to see, to love all his children.
May God Bless You and Your Family, we pray for a full recovery to your Husband and Family. 
Our thoughts & prayers are w/ you all always.  May God continue to heal him swiftly, & give you all strength, comfort & renewed faith in the
months to come.  I believe in the power of prayer; & in God's ability to create miracles.  He will never leave your side. God bless you all.
Don't blame gun control .. it's the person that pulls the trigger
All of U are in our prayers. Be well. Be strong. Be grateful. Be proud. Be changed. Be Loved. Be More. Be American. Be Human. Be You. 
God bless you and get well soon!

I sincerely hope and pray for his recovery. God bless his family and those effected.
#PrayersForScalise Hope you are safe and recover soon -We appreciate all that you do.
My wife are Praying for his complete recovery and healing,
Did you send a letter to the Sandy Hook parents of the murdered children who your rabid support of the @NRA contributed to?
Go away. This is not the time or place
#RefuaShlema

Sending prayers for your speedy recovery.
Done...my thoughts and prayers for his recovery and for your emotional healing,,,Love, A Liberal AMERICAN...
We will continue to pray for all those involved. We stand proud of our country all all that is good in it. And there is a lot of good here!

Will continue to pray.
Please get better Steve ..we are with you.
hi
We send our love and prayers to you, your family and all who were injured in the attack..
We want only the best for you all!!!
Prayers for full recovery, healing in Jesus name!
My prayers for Rep. Scalise & his family, those injured, and those who were traumatized by this event.  So sad this has happened.
Speedy recovery to all involved 
You can make it steve. Our hearts and prayers are with you and your family.
Beautiful letter. We will not stop praying for Steve and your family! God Bless All the ones injured and the First Responders! Thank You!
God Bless all of you and we hope there is never anything like this again.
Get well soon Steve. Can't wait to see you back on the Hill "whipping" some butt!
Cool. Police who saved your life are people whose equal rights you fight to deny. Think again.
Holding you all in our thoughts!
God bless you Steve. Get well soon bother!
I hope everything continues to progress for him and the family and we will have you guys in our orayers
You wouldn't say that if you knew that Crystal was black. Cuz you know how he felt about THOSE people
