I am pleased with the decision to delay the vote – now is the time to take a step back and put the full legislative process to work.
THE SIMPLEST BEST THING TO DO IS INVITE THE 48 DEMOCRATS INTO THE DISCUSSION, IDENTIFY THE PROBLEMS WITH ACA & FIX THEM AS DAVID FRUM SAYS.
Thank you for putting #Kansans #Veterans and persons with #Disabilities ahead of politics. Let pragmatic solutions solve our issues.
Does the current proposed hc bill address people like me who use Health Care sharing plans such as Christian Health Ministry?
Way to go waiting until after it's delayed to come out against it. That took balls. NOT.
Why not "thank you." for being on the right side of this? Being confrontational doesn't help him stay with the people he works for on  this.
Thank you senator!
I hope you are Correct in wanting Trump to Resign Immediately @Eugene_Robinson @elonmusk
So pleased that you stood up for what was right.
What ? Taking away entitlements is hard I know. Grow some balls and stand up for us that work for a living! That's what we want.
The only pressure a US senator should feel is to represent his/her constituents. Period
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket
Thank you Jerry
You need to step up Moran, we need a new healthcare & you can help get this bill passed.
Speaking of "missing the mark," what are y'all doing to Kansans?  They're not guinea pigs for your alt-right @GOP experiments. @JerryMoran
Rural Kansans shouldn't suffer b/c of @GOP's inane fiscal and healthcare ideologies... They're people, too.  @JerryMoran
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPUxyNMYubY …   Thanks Senator Moran. Here is one reason why. Focused on ACHA but Senate bill has the same issues
Liar, coming out against it once it's delayed. Only person more 'courageous' than that is @marcorubio
Does the full legislative process involve holding open hearings and allowing Democrats into the process?
I'm old enough to remember how D's shut R's out during Ocare. Dems wouldn't listen to R ideas & now my out of pocket costs are $16Kper yr.
Obamacare was a Heritage Fdn plan. Law has tons of GOP amendments. Only part of Obamacare that's Dem is they had the balls to get it done.
So 60 Dem Senators voted for it on 12/24/09, Dems had House,Senate & WH when ACA passed & you're blaming it on Heritage Fdn? 
It's 2017. Get over it.
Lovely attitude. And I'm happy to "get over" your uninformed tweets by blocking you bc it's obv you can't have a real convo about it.
RINO
Thank you! Thanks to ACA, the 6 pre-existing conditions in the 5 of us are covered, with reasonable premiums.
Thank you.
What "marks"are those, exactly, Senator?
Has anyone else noticed the ties between politicians and hospitals or there spouses bernies wife? Obamas wife doubled pay after obama won
Thank you for your opposition. I hope it holds when the Kochs come calling.
I AM A tEXAS DEMOCRAT.  WE MAY DISAGREE ON MANY THINGS BUT YOU HAVE MY RESPECT BECAUSE YOU ARE AN HONORABLE MAN & PUBLIC SERVANT FIRST!
Thank you. Please protect your constituents by holding firm on this position.
Thank you for listening to your constituents, and even holding a town hall.  'Did' vs. 'Does' is concerning, but it's a step.
I hope you stick to your guns here. Your constituents/US citizens are who you work for, not the Senate or your pocketbook.
Thank you for standing up for Kansas and the importance of health care for the citizens of our State.
This is appreciated.  Please remain a voice of sanity for those in need.  My patients vitally depend on their ACA coverage. Thanks.
Are you serious?  You are transparently disingenuous.
Why not "thank you." for being on the right side of this? Being confrontational doesn't help him stay with the people he works for on this.
Agree with u to an extent. But like others have pointed out, he chose the easy way. Why didn't he oppose on these grounds before the delay?
The BRAVE part is he is standing against it before the VOTE.
Fair enough.
@mwmiller75  Mike! You may actually have a Senator with a conscience!!
Thank you.
Thank you for listening to your constituents. We don't want a tax cut for the wealthy. We want Medicaid expansion, more people covered.
And lower premiums, guaranteed benefits. In other words, improve on what we have now, don't go backwards.
Little tweaks to the bill aren't going to solve the fundamental problems at the core of it. Kansans understand this:
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
Scrap. this. bill. Come back with something that genuinely improves our lives. Trust that we're paying close attention to what you're doing.
Like single payer? Maybe we can join Rwanda in guaranteeing healthcare for all.
US Paid $1B to fund Iraqis HC 4All, how about Americans? I was injured at work 20yrs ago, so far cost $1.6Million. Repeal ACA=will KILL Me
Congrats on coming out with this AFTER it was delayed. Incredibly courageous.
That's how the GOP legislates.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Moran.
Thank you
Good it misses the mark for all PEOPLE IN THE IS EXCEPT THE WEALTHY!!
I am so glad to hear this. I hope your stance continues.
Good to hear but you should be worried about all Americans not the ones that get your vote
THANK YOU!!
Work with Dems to fix the ACA.  Represent your constituents, save Medicaid, preserve the social safety net for Americans...please help!
You live in a state that teaches that Jesus rode dinosaurs and abhors science. Forgive me for not taking you seriously.
This is fake news!
Thank you for looking out for people instead of just going along with your party. 

#TRUMPNewsMediaATTACK #TRUMPGOSSIP: "ABC,NBC,CBS,MSNBC,BBC,CNN" they all are out spreading the truth. Swear this is true ask Putin, I think? 
Thank you
Which mark did it miss?
Tell us what you care about, not just some nebulous, meaningless statement to get you through the week.
Senator, Please point out which mark the bill missed, so we'll all know if revised versions hit it.
How about missed the mark for America. @JerryMoran
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you
#MediCAREforALL is the only equitable solution.
THANK YOU FOR NOT KILLING ME! 
Gutting Medicaid would cause private premiums to skyrocket as providers further cost shifted. Bad bad policy.  Thank you.
can't wait for you to support this bill with inconsequential changes.
Will you be working with Rand? I agree with him. He has rural health care issues, too.
Too many promises are being broken. Cuts to medicaid & premiums five times higher for older Americans. Who can afford this?
Not to mention preexisting conditions and if you fail to have insurance for 2 months you can't use it when you get for 6 months! Vote No!
I don't like this bill at all ..Obama care help all people
If everyone (including the president ) is interested in a GREAT HC plan. Why not figure out a BIPARTISAN plan which everyone LOVES?
Thank you, Mr. Moran.
#GOPGenocideAgainstThePoor
Thank you for not supporting it!

Now that you don't have to vote? #profilesincourage
Thanks for denouncing after it was DOA.
Thank you Sen. Moran for taking the right and responsible stance on this.
An excellent time to reach across the aisle & work to just address issues w/ #ACA. Stop worrying about giving tax credits to Robber Barons.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thankyou Senator Moran for your stolid support of seniors, severely disabled and veterans! 
Why come out after the fact? Highly suspect this way.
If this phony healthcare bill gets put through we we end up in civil war and revolution. Don't underestimate the anger we have.
Acceptable reason to up my taxes: save lives.  Unacceptable reasons: @POTUS trips to Mara lago @SenPatRoberts
Did you say this before they pulled the vote or after? If after, you are a hypocrite.
Very brave of you to take a stand after the vote postponed.
THANK YOU for doing the right thing for your constituents!! Don't be afraid to consider universal, single-payer for the US -- WE NEED IT!!!!
Thank you!!! For speaking in opposition to cruel Republican leaders! For understanding Kansans(Americans) need affordable, meaningful help!!
Susan Collins had the cojones to oppose BEFORE vote was postponed. You did not. .
So brave to jump off of a sinking ship. 
Why do the GOP and the rich hate ObamaCare? The 3.8% Investment Tax- which only applies if you make $200,000 or more. Repeat: 3.8%
Thank God, Senator. I called your office.
Then don't take any offered pork from McConnell or this tweet is a ruse.
So, will you reach across the aisle & work to craft a bipartisan solution. Be a hero reach out, others will follow. #AHCA #ACA
Please keep saying no to a bill that hurts Kansas by tossing many of them out of coverage.
How about iowa @SenJoniErnst and @ChuckGrassley? This bill is terrible for iowa!
Thank you!
It missed the mark for all Americans. My 89-yr-old mom w/dementia is now spending down her assets. Will Medicaid be there when she needs?
Great Insight. Also missed the mark for about 21 million others; by a very wide margin.
Not according to the other Senator from KS. Perhaps you two should talk sometime.
Great move after the fact- that bill is transfer of wealth to the rich & corporations and not about healthcare -hope you vote when it's up.
Thank you Senator @JerryMoran for standing up for your constituents.
I appreciate that you listened to Kansans & put our needs before party. All Kansans, rich or poor deserve affordable health insurance.
Jerry, we are not a nanny state. For the good of the country, find a way to get to yes.
You are a weak and feckless leader.  Shame on you.  If we all behave this selfishly the world will be over.  YOU are part of the problem.
Thank you Jerry- A voice of the people! We are proud and honored to see you
Great call. Thank you.
Senator Moran if you get universal health care  you'll get lunch with Pope Francis. Be a hero. What would Jesus do?
Senator Moran dream big. If U get basic health care for every working Kansan you will go down in history.
Good job. Now lead and leave a legacy, Medicare for all Americans. Call Bernie Sanders and make it happen. Be a hero.
It missed the mark for all 50 states. Please don't change your mind as they work to sweeten the deal (but not better the bill) in coming wks
My dad is living with Parkinson's which may be the result of pesticide exposure on their farm in Augusta. #keepACA
Thank you for not supporting the bill.
I was born and raised in Kansas. Most of my family still lives there. I agree with your assessment. We can do better for America than BCRA.
We'll miss the mark next to your name on the next ballot!
thank you
Thank you for being an advocate for senior citizens an disabled individuals regarding the Affordable Healthcare Act Bill.

Do your job and stop procrastinating!
Here's a novel idea. Why don't you work across the isle to get single payer bill that benefits all Americans. Why reinvent?
You don't know this but ageism is rampant- millions of ppl 50-64 can't find a livable wage now will have 0 insurance. Nasty old white men!
I don't want more Medicaid we need Obamacare gone get rid of the mandate now!
Wow! Way to take a stand.. after the bill was pulled. Such bravery!!
But #Obamacare was better? Good for Kansas voters to know you feel that way.
Time for you to work across the aisle
TRY THIS:Congress receives SAME healthcare as all of us Then we might believe it is good 4 all . Share $$ u rec'd  from pharm & insur cos
Thank you & please continue to listen to your constituents! #homecarenurse #SaveMedicaid #veterans
You still suck Jerry
Meaning Mitch McConnell postponed the votes and you jumped in to look like u also opposed. After the fact, really. Slick one.
Continue to listen to constituents! We need a bipartisan bill with input from healthcare providers & insurers. And please #SaveMedicaid
Thank you for listening to your constituents with respect.
So you're saying this only AFTER the bill was pulled? How brave!
The resistance will continue until Moran improves. #indivisible @IndivisibleKS @IndivisibleKS2
Thank you, Senator. Please don't support any bill that allows lifetime insurance caps and guts essential benefits.
Thank you, Sen. Moran.
"access" to healthcare and medicine is not good enough. #MedicareForAll
Thank you from a fellow Kansan!
This bill impacts ALL Americans. Don't flip your vote for political favors. Vote what you know is right; let's improve the ACA.
Holy shit, Jerry. You did something right.
Thank you @JerryMoran. Please take note of how many likes you normally get on your posts as compared how many likes you got on this one.
But you will keep the tax cuts for the ultra wealthy in the new one right?
it misses the mark for everyone- except the top 1% who will get unprecedented  tax cuts . good god - when is enough enough?
A public option would solve a lot of ACA problems!
Thank you for standing up for health care of your constituents! Please be strong and do not let McConnell buy your vote!
How brave of you to announce your non-support after the delay.  In this fake-info manipulative world we're in, I can't believe you.
That was a very good and excellent option.... Sou you will always have my support
Good for you @JerryMoran. Let's talk healthcare that works for all of us.
You had years to prepare for this why can't  you get it done
Thank you for this!
THANK GOD for congressmen like you who have a backbone!
I am pleased that you do not support this awful healthcare plan.
Thank you.
Thank you.  That written, it is not a Profile in Courage to stand against the bill only AFTER it was delayed.
Thank you for not voting.Hopefully you won't feel compelled or forced to vote for a bill that isn't good for Kansas in the future. God speed
Thank you Jerry!
Good decision
You must be on Koch to think this is a good bill.
THANK YOU, Senator Moran! You used common sense and a concern for Kansans to guide your decision on the proposed Senate wealth care bill.
Single payer. Medicare for all.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Easy to say this in hindsight.  You cannot convince me you would not have voted with the party had they had the votes, no matter the harm.
That was kinda my though, but I will take the no.
Nice call, senator!
TY @JerryMoran for opposing current #AHCA  @SenPatRoberts, we can do a better job than this to protect KS elderly, vets, & all citizens
Thank you, Senator Moran!
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to fight for urgent funded care for those with opioid addiction. #91deaths/day.
Will this display of a beating heart last longer than the recess and some concessions for you??
Hooray for Senator Moran!
Suck it senator
Weird how you only say this after the danger has passed.  Where were you before it was delayed?#PullingAYoder
Ok everybody go home with the pitchforks and scythes. Save the tar and feathers for another day.  We're still in Kansas Toto.
Thank you, Sir!
Thanks for listening to your constituents, senator!
Grow a backbone and stay off the fence. Remember, you are a public servant! STOP LYING, TOO!
Good call senator
Well @JerryMoran you may be late to save #Healthcare and prevent #needless #deaths but you must do much, much more or those dead are on you!
Thank you please take your time and get it right
Jerry!!! You did it!!!! Keep it up!!!
Thank you.
Plz work with @SenateDems form centrist bill. Shouldn't base nation's #HealthcareBill on party politics
Your bravery moves me.. why didn't you speak up before the vote was delayed...COWARD..be a man next time will ya?!
If you drag it out and don't get a bill passed you will not have my support. I have a long memory. Get on to tax reform too. #MAGA
Can you tell us why you are a no? Is it because CBO estimates almost 200,000 Kansans will lose coverage or do you want more cuts?
Wow Jerry, way to take a stand after the vote was canceled. Tell us exactly why it missed the mark for you.
NOW u r saying this?  NOW????
Thank you so much Mr Moran. Now please get us a bill that will help us rather than harm us
It is not that profit is wrong but that life is a right.  When will you  DEMAND guaranteed free insurance.  We alone don't have.
I am a Kansan and thank you for not voting for a bill that would have been bad for us.
Yes, it does, Senator. #Medicaid cuts would hit rural hospital in KS & other states hard! They deserve the Senate's support! #ProtectOurCare
The bill needs to be legislated openly for all to see. Let's have some hearings and allow amendments from both sides.
Mr. Moran we rarely agree on much. But this one we agree completely. Thank you
You need to step way, way back and hear what Kansans, not monied interests, are saying.
Also, please don't picket my barbecue on the 4th.
Sure, be publicly brave after the vote was delayed.
Hmmm, the date stamp on this must be wrong or else you came out against it after it was pulled. Profile in courage.
I guess you're also bravely against cancer, leprosy and slavery? God your courage under fire is an inspiration to us all.
Let's make the current system better for everyone
