As a Kansan with a pre-existing condition I certainly hope you will not support such a horrendously cruel bill.
Preexisting conditions are completely covered. This is a left wing bill. Not a repeal of the disastrous ACA unfortunately
You're wrong, Jake. Per #AHCA, preexisting conditions are covered UNTIL insurer stops covering treatment. Read it.
I'm not really interested in reading an entire healthcare bill.  Did you read it?  I just read a summary of it from CNN.
Hey, how does the #45Koolaid taste?
Oh yes because CNN loves Trump, right?
Not the question I asked, keep up.
You claim I'm drinking "45koolaid" because I read a summary from CNN
Senator, As Kansans we understand that you never buck Koch's , Trump, or your party. How can you morally sign on to
HC that robs millions of America's from insurance while giving the richests a tax cut. They already received permanent tax cuts
under GW. Where is your ethics? How do you sleep at night?
This bill is bad for Kansans. Please, #voteno to protect your constituents.
Please demand @SenateMajLdr kill his immoral bill and work with Dems #FixACA
Destroying foundations of this country by voting lockstep w/McConnell and a mentally ill president leading the GOP. #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
Senator Moran, if you're not going to vote against this criminal bill, why isn't any news agency uttering your name?!?
You have the CBO score so you know it is not good for KS. Honor this commitment to protect Kansans and vote no
It isn't good for anyone but billionaires!
If benefits are stripped from mental health what will I do to help them?  Please vote no!
Senator the bill is not good for Kansans. It's an immoral bill that will kill us. Older Kansans will lose our jobs.
Good friend's wife is in early 40's has suffered from breast cancer. Their family will lose their HC. They have two young kids.
Kansans don't want this bill. We know it will hurt us. Please listen to your constituents and #voteno.
Wasn't he voted in by conservative constituents?
Thank you for being a leader for Kansas.
Please vote for Kansas - not your party.  We matter back here.
Kansas could lose over $40 million in the next five years without the Prevention and Public Health Fund, part of ACA- plus 4,148 KS jobs.
Thank YOU!
Nonexpansion of medicaid was horrible for Kansans. Cruelhearted people like you and Brownback do not represent me.
I have adopted 2 children from drug addicts. Both have mental health diagnosis. The cost of medications and therapy for them are outrageous
Like that has mattered to you before.
thank you. Received your email. Vote no! I'm on oxygen from heart attack. I will die w/o my insurance. My friends grandson will
Did you take money for a yes vote to repeal and not replace??? Unbelievable
The ACA withal it's shortfalls is still better than what is being proposed.
We should R&R the "FOR PROFIT" health care industry.
Amen
Women need @PPact  Ask the lady Senators So identical and cold hearted for @SenateMajLdr to write off women for politics.
Kansas has received more than $70 million through the Prevention and Public Health fund, providing critical resources for community health.
Vote NO Senator. A shallow victory for trump is NOT worth throwing millions off health insurance. There are better ways to fix ACA.
Many of us in 66213 are hoping you'll do the right thing. It's about the people - Not about repealing just to repeal. Fix ACA instead
I wish we could count on you to do the right thing. But am fearful you're in it with the rest of the @GOP to give trump any win he can get
What motivated @SenateMajLdr 2craft immoral HC bill alone should give all sen pause:
Please listen to Kansans and vote No!!
Thank Senator Moran: For not passing "something"...just to say the Senate "passed" something!
Vote no. #Constituents #voteforKS #voteforourfuture
Vote No! We've all seen the mess Kansas is in due to tax cuts for wealthy. Fight for what is right.
Please vote no on this dreadful inhumane bill.
Our deaf son is grown now.  But if this passes, I shudder at the effect on other handicapped school kids might be.
You are absolutely right, Senator.  Please vote "No."
You on this list, you little weenie you?
How are you going to explain to Kansans that AK, MT, WY, ND and SD get sweetheart deals to retain rural care but Kansas doesnt?
Senator - The CBO score confirms that this bill won't be good for Kansas. Please vote "no" (from Lawrence)
Stop being concerned and vote against it. How are hospitals in Western Kansas going to survive? What happens to vets on MC? #DoTheRightThing
BINGO - it ISN'T good for Kansans. Listen and vote NO.
#YouHaveThePowerToSaveUs #VoteNoAHCA #TaxCutNotHealthCare #peoplewillDie  #help #findFundsNegotiateDrugPrices #RegulatePharma
Vote No if you TRULY represent ALL Kansans
Vote no Jerry!!
Just to recap: A bill affecting 1/6 of the economy was written in secret by a group of white men w/o public input who want to vote in 5 days
Then it's over. You know it isn't good for Kansans.
It's time to break away from the robber barons controlling the GOP.  Vote your conscience, do the right thing, and take care of your people.
Tax cuts for the rich while the poor and the elderly go without health care is obscene.  Insurance companies will shrink their risk pools.
Tax subsidies only work for people that file taxes and claim the credit.  You're killing the social safety net with this bill.
It's not good for anyone, except the very wealthy.  It eliminates the essential health care benefit, it guts Medicaid, and raises premiums.
Single payer / Universal Healthcare is the only way to improve Obamacare.  Vote NO on Trumpcare2!!
Vote NO this week. You just can't kick the poor to the curb. The uber rich don't need the tax cut.
Please vote no on healthcare plan. It is terrible. Cuts to Medicaid and will result in higher premiums for the poor.
Thank you for your #VoteNo   Your constituents need you to have our backs!
#VoteNo ACA doesn't need to be repealed-only improved. Stop wasting tax-payer money w/political games
Lifetime caps hurt anyone w/pre-existing conditions or requires expensive treatment   #VoteNo
Rural Kansans will have fewer hospitals and access to care. This decreases jobs and rural economy will suffer. #VoteNo
Senate bill hurts our most vulnerable: seniors, children, disabled, veterans, women. This will not make America great #VoteNo
Senate bill written behind closed doors. Good policy=hearings+ debates + facts + time. #VoteNo
Glad to hear you're committed to what is best for Kansans --and not the GOP #VoteNo
NO trump or Obamacare.  #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! UnitedforFreedom.
Please do not sign this bill. It is bad for my daughters and me. It is also bad for my business. Kansans need you to stand with us. Please.
Vote no
God Bless you!! .            Ty!
Senator, you are offering me a tax cut, and I say cover my neighbors.  Please do the right thing.  "No" to TrumpCare
PLEASE protect America's disabled & elderly, vote NO on #GOP healthcare bill! My disabled brother & mother w/ dementia will lose their care!
As person now living in KS you r now my Senator. Strongly say vote NO! This hurts KS. Hurts poor, old, rural. Gives tax cuts to rich. NO!!!
is that because ur state under ACA increased its Medicaid roles thinking that Feds would subsidize u Maybe ur Gov made mistake
"Right to life" liars. This tax cut is a death sentence for many. Trumpcare is an extermination plan without the gas chambers.
This bill has nothing to do with health care. It’s a transfer of wealth from working folks -> richest Americans.  Even Trump called it mean.
Vote No. My daughter's well being is at stake. Families should not have to bankrupt themselves to pay for medical care!
tRumpy will be gone soon. Find some personal integrity and vote NO. Be on the side of history. Be on the side of the angels.
It's not good for anyone except the rich. Immoral and a death dealing bill. Vote NO.
Please vote no - we can do better than this for Kansans
Healthcare should be freely available to all--like roads, public education, and the trail where I walk my dog. Just do it. Jeepers, guys.
This constituent is expecting you to vote NO!!! #healthcarebill
Vote no on healthcare bill or move back to Hays permanently.
As usual, we're still waiting for your stance on another horrific bill from your party. Would be a miracle if you listened to constituents.
It's not good for KS. I look forward to your NO vote. #kspeoplebeforeparty
Dear Mr. Moran, I pay for your salary & healthcare. If you can't agree to give Americans AFFORDABLE care, you should lose yours.
A state that has a high proportion of elderly citizens and critical access hospitals will suffer under the Senate bill.
this bill is not good for Kansas. Please represent the interests of the sick and elderly Kansans whose lives depend on you. #VoteNo #AHCA
Put America and Kansas before party interests. Vote No on this bill #MoranVoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNoAHCA #SenateHealthCareBill
This bill will do absolutely nothing to lower insurance premiums, and will only increase premiums for rural Kansans. #VoteNo
@JerryMoran Stand with fellow republican  @SenDeanHeller in denouncing this bill  that would deprive millions of health care
You spoke for 2 min w/o saying whether or not you think it's a good bill. Would you please clarify your position? Is it good? Yes or no.
The senate healthcare bill will do untold harm to Kansans.  I urge you to reject this bill!
So glad to hear you say this. It would lose coverage for many! In Kansas.  Negative impact on poor and elderly - protect PH prevention fund!
Too many rural Kansans would have to pay more for less services. Please vote no.
#VoteNo on the health care bill.  Be an American not a Republican
Kansas will pay more and have less coverage and PECs will become unaffordable for many and rural healthcare will become minimialized
Almost every response is against this awful bill. It's time for action now. Vote NO.
@JerryMoran Plz read these hundreds of thoughtful tweets frm your constituents begging you to vote no for a multitude of excellent reasons!
66213 -VOTE NO to corrupt tax break to wealthy at expense of health and wellness of elderly, poor,& those w/ serious preexisting condition.
I've heard this before from you, Moran.  You always feign indecisive so you don't have to answer questions and then abandon your voters. #NO
Do what is right and vote 'No on this bill. Listen to Kansans.
(4)What will become of my mom if this horrific bill is passed? I beg you sir, please do not turn your back on my sweet mother. Please! 
(3)She/we, had no choice. What will become of my mom if this horrific bill is passed? 
(2)She now lives at Garden Terrace. After her money ran out,she was forced to go on Medicaid.
(1) PLEASE Sen. vote AGAINST this very cruel bill. My mom has Alzheimer's & lived with us for 5 yrs until we could no longer care for her.
Please do not vote yes for this bill! As a nurse, I see the people it will effect every day! Vote NO for your constituents!
#nocapsnocuts Vote NO.
Please vote NO!
UNIVERSAL OR NOTHING MORAN
The bill is disgusting. You cannot justify kicking millions of Americans from medical care while giving tax cuts to the rich. #saveACA
#GenocideAgainstThePoor
You still suck Jerry
this bill is awful for KS do the right thing and vote No. it's what the people want
It is bad. I hope you will stand against it and protect our rural communities.
Please vote NO on this vicious bill. You represent a military community, and the veterans on Medicaid will die because of Trumpcare
I hope these aren't just words. The bill is bad for Kansas.
If you're serious about reflecting the will of Kansans, you need to look no further than the comments to this message. 100's "NO!" 3 "yes."
Bill is a disaster. @SenDeanHeller says it doesn't do a thing to lower premiums. No amendments will help it. Vote NO
Heller: It's a "lie" that Senate health bill would lower premiums. "There isn't anything in this bill that would lower premiums," he says
I'm watching you.  If you ever want to use the word pro-life again, I expect a no vote.
This bill was crafted in the dark. Let it die in the dark. Slashing Medicaid hurts all. Do the right thing Senator, vote down #Wealthcare.
Vote no.
@JerryMoran please do the right thing and VOTE NO
#VoteNo For grandparents & for my sister fighting cancer (on Medicaid). In honor of those who have passed, but lived longer bc of Medicaid.
These are just some of the faces you represent. There are countless others. This bill is not good enough for Kansans.
Proper healthcare legislation requires time, effort, and a fight that constituents have trusted you and your peers to make. #VoteNo & fight.
Fight for the 6-yr olds with asthma. Fight for the 96-yr olds in nursing homes. Fight for the 26-yr olds requiring maternity care.
Kansans elected YOU to represent these voices. Help our voices be heard over those of millionaires wanting tax breaks. Help us LIVE. #VoteNo
This bill isn't good for Kansans. Thank you for carefully considering it, and please vote against #BCRA to protect affordability and access.
thank you for your disgression! I strongly urge a NO vote. #HealthCare #healthcarebill
Not good for KANSANS! Vote no or insist on time for debate & amendment of bill that will actually become law!  No "gut and go" like KS leg.
This plan cuts up to $175k in Medicaid funds for students in our district with disabilities.That should be enough reason to vote "NO".
This is not a health care bill but a tax break for the wealthy. If you truly are representing the citizens of Kansas you must vote No!
But we aren't being given much time to study it, are we?
I'd like to remind you about the overwhelming negative feedback you received at your Lenexa town hall meeting two weeks ago.  Vote NO!
Actions speak louder than words. People BEFORE party.
Jerry, meet 1 of many Kansans it will HURT. Leo's 6, joyful, active, makes friends everywhere he goes - & has several serious health issues.
If this is the POS bill you're going to vote for, please don't. I think we can negotiate a better deal individually without your "help."
I appreciate you taking an honest look. Clearly the bill jeopardizes thousands of Kansans & millions of Americans. Vote no!
Respectfully,  this plan is appalling and a disgrace to women's health, children & anyone w/preexisting conditions please vote NO.
Kansas
This bill destroys the way of life those with disabilities experience.  #DoNoHarm #SaveMedicaid #VoteNoAHCA
Ever see the movie "1776"?  Vote NO Jerry, Vote NO Jerry, Vote NO for health care bill!
It's unclear to me why our KS senators don't wish to listen to experts, including the @AmerMedicalAssn - they're against this bill
We are counting on you.  We will be watching closely.  Also, please stop using rising premiums as a talking point.  They slowed with #ACA
vote no!
It's definitely not good for the most vulnerable Kansans--poor & disabled children. Is limiting their futures worth tax cuts for wealthy?
VOTE NO!!! This bill is a disaster for 99% of Kansans, for 99% of Americans, a disaster for our nation's economy. Obamacare or One Payer.
I hope you're listening & will vote NO. However, we told you to vote NO on DeVoss! We see how that went!
Jerry,reading the comments I am impressed by how considerate & polite Kansas residents are in their replies. Do you have the Moral Fibre too
118 replies and 3 or 4 who support #TrumpCare. #VoteNo, Jerry. Prove I've been wrong about you and your lack of a spine.
Well Jerry it is clear how your Kansas constituents have Voted. The real question is do you have the Moral Fibre to Vote  NO ?
Thank you for carefully considering what this billv will do to your constituents. The more I watch this process unfold...
...the more I question the role of insurance companies in the healthcare process. Their money is in policies, not claim payments.
This plans will hurt Kansan's and all Americans. Elderly, people with diaabilities, and children will be the most effected. Vote No!
Pple will die. Millions will lose access to health coverage and become destitute. The ACA wasn't perfect, but this is heinous. Pls vote no.
Do you read these responses?
Do the right thing. You know this plan is bad for Kansas and will cause serious harm. Vote No.
Vote no! Please
Vote NO or we'll vote YES on a Sen who actually does what is right for all. Again, NOT good for KS. or anyone else who might ever get sick
Thank you for wanting to wait to see what the CBO score is on this healthcare bill, and thinking of your constituents. 
I hope in the future Congress can pass legislation that supports families though maternity care, care for the elderly and the disabled...
"If" it's not good? rely on the experts. NO patient or healthcare advocacy groups support this bill. They know more than you do.
Unless you're only looking at tax breaks for wealthy versus access to affordable healthcare.
It's not good for Kansas, only good for top 1%. i.e. not the vast majority of those you represent.#killthebill
Cmon Jeffry. We all know the two Koch's are the only two constituents they consistently care about. They're a good chunk of the 1%
How about you starting supporting our president!! Obamacare is a joke! We are watching and will  remember when you are up for re-election
Vote no. This bill doesn't help your constituents. It is worse than the ACA. It hurts women, elderly, sick and poor.
No
I don't hear a "NO". YOU NEED TO VOTE NO. Does that make it easier. Millions will DIE. Easier now?
It's a FILTHY bill that will KILL ne and millions of Americans. Vote No.
No amendment will fix this. No tweak will correct the devastating cuts to Medicaid. PLEASE vote no. #SaveMedicaid
Action, no more blah blah blah.  If you are listening to your constituents, you HAVE to vote NO on this bill.  Now show us!  Vote NO!
Please vote no. I will call email and tweet every day to remind you. Please do right by us.
You have a record for standing up for rural hospitals!  Your no vote is needed now more than ever!
For some reason I just can't trust you. Oh yeah it's because words are hollow next to actions. #ProveIt
Since KS government didn't accept the Medicaid expansion offered, do the right thing now. Vote NO!
As a KS physician, please vote no on this reprehensible bill. It's bad for my family + neighbors, it's bad for KS, and it's bad for America.
Put your money where your mouth is and vote no. Don't be the liar that disappoints. For once.
For the sake of tax breaks for the rich, children, adolescents, adults and the elderly will both suffer and die in pain.  I'm appalled. You?
Gutting Medicaid means closing more rural hospitals. Please explain how this bill could possibly be good for Kansas.
Vote no- this bill is devastating.  The GOP is punishing Americans because Obama.  Come up with a better bill and work at it.
This bill isn't good for anyone- and you'll vote yes anyway.
Uninsured children are not good for KS. We must build a healthy educated workforce in KS - and this starts with access to care.#AHCA
It isn't good for Kansas. Vote no!
Please,please do the right thing! Please vote no not just for Kansas but for America! We can do so much better!
Dear Republican Leadership, instructing police to remove protestors in wheel-chairs...Is. Not. A. Good. Look.
Have u seen latest video from @RachelsPinkHous and @Sassysutherngal about impact of Medicaid caps on ppl w DS? https://www.facebook.com/MovingPictureWorkshop/videos/699555556896633/ …
This is all sounding hopeful, &I I hope you follow through. I'd appreciate open hearings so we can all know what's in this.
...still waiting on your 'no' vote. This will destroy rural hospitals - we already have enough in trouble as it is. #HealthcareBill #VoteNo
Another Kansan encouraging you to vote NO.  The  ACA saved my life
Thank you for seriously looking at the impact of this bill. #Healthcare is People not numbers. #ACA allowed me to obtain insurance. #VoteNo
something done behind closed doors is not good for Kansas. #NotAHealthCareBill
It would be fun to go to every Senator's office & try to get them to say on video "I am proud of this bill. It helps my constituents."
I hope you will vote for a bill that doesn't hurt Kansans.
I saw no it is not good for me and every other resident in Kansas. #VoteNo
Constituent here. Vote no on this cruel bill. & our legislative process needs transparency & deliberation, not secrecy & haste.
Please vote NO. Kansans, and all Americans, deserve better.
