You folded when the people of Kansas needed you to stand with them, not your party. You should be ashamed and I hope you get voted out.
Thank you for all you've done, Senator Moran. IMO, we need new Senate leadership. I will continue to support your efforts for #FullRepeal!
The solution is this pe0ple with income less  24,000 use EM room all cost between all tax payers including Companys.The required to buy ins
Keep holding the line. #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal  #NoCompromise #UnitedForFreedom
Regardless of what your constituents want? Will u pay my $750 monthly premium bill? Will u pay my $10,000 deductible? Disgusted in KS
Reason his last name rhymes with Moron he finest get what the American people voted for
Well I guess we here in kansas will have to support a full repeal of your time in the Senate. I hope you find some comfort in your king.
You just want it to be more draconian.
Boy, did you ever blow it.  AGAIN.  AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN...
Please explain why you voted yes last night... did that bill meet your stated requirements?
Please vote NO
You cannot knowingly murder your constituents like this jerry
The ACA needs tweaking, but repealing without a plan is not the answer. You're smarter than this.
He's not.
I think he is. Which makes it so much worse.
No. He's an idiot for thinking he can trust anything he was promised by McConnell for his vote.
I think he's afraid of losing a primary. His seat first, then whatever is expedient.
Where does "the right thing for Kansans" fall on his list?
Apparently below "the right things for the Koch brothers."
#SwampCare = 98% ACA; Don't be blamed for its failure
#FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! Continue to prove YOU STAND! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
So you say.
As a KS pediatrician I have called, emailed, and faxed you daily for months to encourage you to #keepkidscovered.
Thank you Amy, you nailed it. I sent emails, called Mr. Moran's local office and Washington DC  office begging for him to vote NO, unhappy
Consider the #FederalistParty. It's clear the GOP won't be saved & won't stand 4 their voters. Let us know if u hear us Senator.
Work with Democrats to improve what we have in the ACA.  This is the only reasonable pathway. #ProtectOurCare
American people want affordable healthcare. Whether it is Obamacare or not is of little consequence.
Vote no. If you care about the people who put you there, vote no.
The bill is an absolute sham and you know it
I'm embarrassed to have supported you. I held you up as an example of what a KS politician could be. I should have known better.
Replace it with what?  Do you have a link to your ideas on the subject that your constituents can read?
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891722694512824321 …
Do you not care that this will kill thousands of people? Be a human being. Listen to McCain and God. Work with Dems and do good.
VOTE AGAINST THE MIDNIGHT BILL THAT WILL KILL MILLIONS OF AMERICANS
Why aren't you taking now?  You could be taking health insurance away from millions and you are silent tonight
You mean places like the ever-expanding KU Medical Palace?
Please vote NO on the #SkinnyRepeal tonight! Millions of us depend on it & are counting on you to save our lives! Thank you!
Vote NO.  The havoc on insurance markets for everyone will be disastrous.
Pls Keep #ACA & repair it. 1000's & 1000's of lives & finances will B ruined. The majority want 2 keep it. People 1st Say NO to #Trump #GOP
Vote NO on #SkinnyRepeal - It will only take away healthcare from millions AND increase premiums! VOTE NO
Please vote NO on the so-called Skinny Repeal Bill.  That is not the way to proceed on this critical issue.  Vote NO, please!
@JerryMoran #MoranOut @patroberts @SenPatRoberts #RobertsOut #Kansas #healthcare #HealthCareVote #SkinnyRepeal #BREAKING
I called your office to leave you and your staff a message but the mailbox was full.
Hi, I am one of your constituents in Lawrence. Please, please consider voting no on any bill to reduce funding for Medicaid.
Keep your word to Kansans, Senator. Kansans first. This bill does nothing for Kansas, other than harms it. VOTE NO. Restore order
You coulda just give with "We're gonna #MakeDCWhiteAgain" or "'Cause f*ck poor people, that's why." Fewer words and more honest.
You will own this for the rest of your career. Please vote no. Millions losing care next year and rate hikes. Ugly.
Graham: "This place holder concept, the skinny bill, will destroy insurance markets and not even remotely replace Obamacare"
Stand for ALL Kansans, not just the wealthy. Skinny repeal is not good for Kansans.
I emailed you for the first time, indication how I wanted you to vote on this issue. I will work to remove you from office, recall or 2018.
Don't worry Senator Moran this vote won't haunt you for rest of your political career, when 14M lose care by next year & premiums skyrocket
Defining moment in your political career. You were right the first time last week. Be right this week, vote NO. Stand with Kansans
Senator Moran - please keep this image in front of you as you consider the "skinny repeal" that means nothing.
Don't repeal ACA, keep the good and fix the bad. After 8 years & failed AHCA & BCRA, GOP clearly can't reinvent the wheel. Make it better.
Pls do not vote to repeal the individual mandate. Do what's right for America and MY patients. Say no to the skinny repeal.
Health Insurers warning higher premiums, more uninsured next year. How many warnings are needed to end this bill?
BREAKING: Insurers slam skinny repeal, which will lead to "higher premiums, fewer choices for consumers, and fewer people covered next year" 
Let's shut down the repeal and really craft a plan that will take care of America's health! Don't you dare repeal without replace!
If it goes through, you & all Republicans will own health care system. No more OCare to blame. This bill, per CBO, will devastate America
Governors like @JohnKasich , @GovSandoval & others know this bill will harm states like Kansas. Stand with KS!
The bipartisan group of Governors (including Sandoval and Kasich) who have raised opposition throughout GOP process oppose "skinny" repeal 
CBO score of "skinny repeal" (you have the info now)

16M lose health care within a year
20% hike in premiums
H.R. 1628, Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017 https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52977 …
Please note no on skinny repeal. Without individual mandate, there will be no providers. Not good for Kansans.
I'm a parent of an autistic child from a Medicaid expansion state and will donate to your opponent. #HealthCareForAll
How is Richard Nixons HC plan not conservative enough? You're just a racist wanting to stick it to Black President no matter how bad for us.
100% repeal
get the gov out of private business
Think back to 2008. Was that working? Healthcare as business doesn't work.
That's because you don't have to worry about health care..jerk

Fake President
skinny repeal:

20% Premium Hikes
16 Million Lose Their Health Care (14M by 2018)

VOTE NO
Repeal-only will bump an additional 20 million off their insurance. "Skinny" will remove individual mandate. Where's the discussion?
If you flip-flop here no one in Kansas will ever forget. Do what you said you would. Restore regular order. If you vote for this, you own it
Blah blah blah blah blah you voted no you should change your party to Democrat
Hypocrisy=Having great healthcare, while working to deny it to others #TrumpcareKills #PeopleWillDie #Healthcare4All
CBO SCORE of skinny repeal:

16 Million Americans Lose Health Care
20% Premium Hikes

End this charade. VOTE NO.
CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums, per senior Dem aide
WSJ: Insurers are warning of higher premiums 

How will you explain this to Kansans?
So u will not be fooled by the other bills and will hold out until go to bipartisan committee? If goes to House, U will be held responsible
BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD warning STEEP premium INCREASES, destabilized markets under skinny repeal. 

Stand with the people of Kansas. VOTE NO
AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION warning higher premiums, destabilized markets under skinny repeal. 

Stand with the people of Kansas. VOTE NO
We reelected you to work for Kansas, not against us. Repeal is what we want. If Obamacare is so great why aren't you on it?
He is on it, moron. Congress is required to shop on the exchanges. They use the D.C. One.
Name calling is such a liberal move. The obamacare bill stated that Congress could opt out of using Obamacare. Most did.
Please Senator Moran please vote against skinny bill: http://www.playboy.com/articles/skinny-repeal-explainer … Please this k of Kansans.
Then where the hell does that leave you, sir?
So glad McCain and others blocked the full repeal!!  Why don't you all Figure out how to cut drug costs and premium costs.  And dump Trump!
No skinny bill: http://www.playboy.com/articles/skinny-repeal-explainer … Return to regular order. Work with Dems
Your yes vote on a repeal without a replacement shows your lack of true leadership and support of party over people.
So, basically, you're going to continue to tow a "safe" line -- trying to placate Kansans while being a constant GOP loyalist.
This is not what Kansas wants, Senator Moran. You know that.
Shame on you, Jerry Moran. As a Kansan I'm very disappointed in your lack of supporting fellow Kansans when they have the greatest needs.
How can you call yourself a human being if you have no soul and sir you have no soul. You should have to get the same insurance we do.
Shame Shame Shame Shame - How do you sleep at night!  For a brief moment I thought you were for your constituents.  I guess that was a lie
Straight repeal didn't pass, now it's time to honor your word to Kansans. Vote NO on skinny scheme and restore order in the Senate. Thank U

Medicare for all Jerry - get with the program, all the other major countries have it.
Hey coward hope you're happy. With ACA we at least stood a shot of getting care before it became serious.
No Senator please please don't vote for full repeal with delay in new plan. Full repeal will destroy our health care system.
leaving 32 million without insurance. My God vote all the bills down ...Go back to regular order.
Thank you.Both parties need to solve this for the entire country. How about a think tank? + Your thoughts on Trump's Transgender idiocy?
There is this mistaken notion that by repealing Obamacare that health insurance will return to the way it was before Obamacare.
= #mercerbit I have news for you full repeal would destroy health care system in America @JerryMoran
Obamacare saved my life! Stem cell transplant.
#HSCT
If you vote today to repeal the ACA without a replacement then you will send 1/5 of our economy and all of America into chaos
Single payer accept nothing less.
Please vote for clean repeal
a decent man would do better than this Jerry. Rural hospitals, the ranch and farming communities of KS will be worst hit.
If you allow this bill to go to conference, be ready for Kansas to pay the price. The cuts will be massive. Kansas Hospitals, jobs lost.
You are supporting trump to the detriment of your constituents with this position. It's shameful, wrong and harmful.
Jerry, even the insurance companies are against a full repeal. A repeal will Harm many of your constituents. It's unconscionable to support.
@JerryMoran - A full repeal of ACA without a new plan is disastrous to the American people. Have you read the CBO scores?
Fix it, don't half-ass it, Jerry
Traitor!
Please don't take away affordable healthcare for Kansans.
READ: "Skinny Repeal" was tried in 1990s in WA and the results were a disaster for Americans. You should VOTE NO!
Thank you for your no vote Tuesday. Please support reasonable health care for all.
Repeal without replace is nonsense - you know better! Lead bipartisan collaboration now. Make Kansas proud, we are watching you #NoRepeal
No replacement for the ACA except what the market can supply. The government does not belong in business especially the health business.
Actually the opposite is true. Free market is great with exception of HC. HC to free market is an oxymoron
Your bio says you represent Kansans, and Kansans do not want repeal of ACA. Please listen to us and actually represent us.
How is that Christian? Shame on you.
Repealing just to be spiteful not helpful.
We support your full repeal. #Resistance has a target on your Senate Job now. You've betrayed average America for party line politics.
You've already had 7 years-Take away our healthcare and then figure out what to do? Will you be cancelling your own health insurance too?
Praying @SenateGOP do what is required and REPEAL as promised! Praying for you to come together as one! http://GiveHim15.com 
I have an idea, instead of repealing something cause you don't like the person who did it, fix the bits that aren't working. DO YOUR JOB.
Good decision Senator. Resident of KS First District.
Will you reject your Congressional health care plan?
Bet the whiners on here all got subsidies. We can't afford our own insurance because we're paying for theirs! #RepealObamacare #Pay4Yourself
Repealing the ACA coverage of pre-existing conditions & unplugging people from care=unhealthy America=not a win for anyone. NO REPEAL please
"Personal choice" REALLY means I have to pay oodles more $$$$ than I do now for LESS coverage!!!!! Keep the ACA Guaranteed Basic Benefits!
Thank you for Voting No tonight .. BUT, you MUST understand that Repeal is not the answer .. you MUST work 4 bipartisan Fix of #ACA
Please vote NO and move ahead with a bipartisan effort to improve problems with the ACA. Please think about children with chronic conditions
Please consider working w/the healthcare ind., citizen groups, veterans groups, military reps & improve the ACA. Be a HERO to millions!!!!!
Please reconsider the reckless repeal-without-replacing idea. And please consider Medicare for all, the only way to save rural hospitals.
Your contempt for your own people has not gone unnoticed.  You may collect your 30 pieces of silver at your leisure. I probably owe more...
What? Improve, add to, but don't repeal! Don't you give a rip about leaving people stranded w/o coverage? Guess not. Hope u can live w/that.
Senator, you're not thinking straight. SMH
Bull honky
vote no to repeal.    Stand up for healthcare for all!
You sir need to learn compassion.
Your better repeal.
Literally sickening
Please reconsider your decision on the affordable healthcare act.
Repealing without a replacement is disastrous. You abandon your constituents with such a vote. Draft a bipartisan plan, & repeal & replace.
#MoranOut next is all your liked tweets.
This is WRONG WRONG WRONG. ACA may not be perfect but it's better than the nothing you have to replace it. #votehimout #lastterm
Don't vote for full repeal without replacement. Kansas will remember. #MoranOut
Not surprised. You do not represent Kansans and you do not keep your word.
Senator, look Kansans in the eye and explain this deceit
He's going to hide out for awhile in Washington. Won't want to take any heat for his vote.
How can you support a full repeal of the ACA, but oppose BCRA? I don't understand your position, when voters in KS don't support repeal.
Repealing protections for preexisting conditions is not acceptable. If you support that, I will never vote for you again.
hypocrite is spelled moran
Healthcare coverage is a pocket book issue, a big one, that the voters won't forget if benefits are taken away.
You haven't come up with a solution in 7 years - why will 2 work? What happens to insurance market during those 2 years?
Reprehensible. You choose party over your constituents. You will have blood on your hands
Voting no on #BCRA is not enough. ANY bill that kicks folks off Ins/Medicaid is bad: Kansans before party. Improve, don't repeal/replace
Shame, shame on you.  I thought you were a better man than this.  Clearly, I was wrong.
Thank you for listening to your constituents. Single payer would devastate the government. All had medical coverage before ACA, Medicaid!

If you're poor, you're not picky about your doctor. If we are a Christian nation, then we must help the ever growing poor population.
Only if you endorse Single Payer!!
Please vote no on the repeal AND the repeal AND replace.
If you support repeal of ACA, you are an unconscionable monster working against the interests of people/country. Who do you work for?
Where can I get connected with a protest near KC area?? We have to speak loud!!
That's a bone headed position and you and rest of Rs are going to pay.  2018 will be bad for Rs
I knew in the end he'd buckle to the party.
Mid-terms will be Very Bad for Repubs. Repealing ACA isn't going to improve your re-election chances. Quite the opposite! -IndVtr @SenMajLdr
You turned your back on us when we needed you most. Your actions were opposite of your words. We constituents will not forget.
People died before & with #Obamacare. They will die w/o it. Parents of #CharlieGard battled government healthcare. #freemarket gets my #vote
You are not representing us as your constituents. This is disgraceful. You do not have your constituents interests at heart.
#KillTheBill
Repeal Obamacare or repeal the mandate that forces Americans to pay for something we can't afford to use! Let  US choose our healthcare!
You caved. Party over People and Country.  We will remember when you are up for re-election Jerry.
You would repeal & then what? You're leaving tens of millions in the clutch of uncertainty. Stabilize Medicaid & the markets now, you fool.
Good luck in 2018 senator, can't wait until your out.
This was reckless.
I "repeal" my previous tweet thanking you, and unlike you, will continue to provide healthcare to those you have failed.
#MoranOut
Sad
#MoranOut
Shame on you! I will not get my vote #66221
#MoranOut
