But the POTUS did tolerate it.  Question now is how you'll react.
He just did
Talk is cheap
What do you want him to do?
Support that Trump be impeached.
For what crime?
Doesn't have to be a crime.  Read the 25th amendment.
Yeah but you have to write a resolution for Congress to vote on.
Thank you. Now keep going. Please act on this. You are one of so few who can actually do something about it
Millions of us are waiting for your peers to take him out according to procedural rules. 25th Amendment, remove him.
We spent 8 years being called RACIST because we disagreed with 0bama and Now get called RACISTS for Supporting President TRUMP
He hasnt.  How can you go against him?  When are you up for re-election?  We won't stand for it
It would be interesting to know how many Trump haters here are democrats. You should check that out before voting today, Mr. Moran.
You lost my vote in your next election if you don't condemn left wing violence going on for 160 years or more. Especially the Alt Left.
My family and I will Democrat before voting for you again. There's no difference between the two. Government has become a incestuous pit.
explain the black caucus and the tax 'whites' should pay! where is your outcry on that RACISM!
President Trump never said he tolerated this. What are you saying? I don't support race supremacy, bigotry or racism & Pres. Trump doesn't
Really disappointed in Senator Moran for being a pot stirrer! 
ANTIFA Chants "No Trump, No Wall, No USA At All!" (VIDEO)
twitter ^ 

AND POTUS SHOULD TOLERATE THIS?????
Have you never heard of the first amendment?!!!
Did U stand against 0bama an his Racism???#BLM, & Black Panthers & Al Sharpton & Jessie Jackson & Muzlim's ??
Who says he does? The media? can we get the GOP f-o-c-u-s-e-d in DC & accomplish SOME piece of meaningful & transformative work? PLEASE
I'm sorry.  That statement, coming from our Senator from Kansas, sounds a little too much like Antifa.
He didn't & for you to say other wise is messed up.  Don't support the man WE elected then say goodbye at election time
So I guess you must be a #RINO too?
You all tolerated it from Obama, but yet you block the republican President at every turn.
TRUMP is not a RACIST,,,,,,ANTIFA & #BLM are funded by George Soros to raise Cain
Silly attack on President. No one tolerates white hate groups. But thanks for avoiding how you cost us healthcare reform.
@POTUS DID NOT support Nazis & white supremacists. He has condemned them numerous times. We expect a "NO" vote today!
More importantly: Anyone shouting "1st amnd" want to quote the law Moran wrote making it illegal? Anyone?
Both groups were wrong, Antifa and the KKK, to have become violent.  To say antifa is OK to be violent against KKK is to invite vigilanteism
The point of the 1st Amendment is to make unpopular political speech, Constitutionally protected speech.
Thankyou senator Moran for standing up for America.  Change is needed in the whitehouse now! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Wow. "If you condemn racism, you must be Antifa." How are some of you getting your pants on?
Sir, I am a constituent of yours. I live in your state. I am asking you to take a stand. Protect all Americans & ask for Trumps resignation.
I too am a constituent. I prefer you honor the election.
Trump said blame lies in both sides. He has denounced kkk, white supremacy etc etc multiple times. He doesnt tolerate it. I agree with Trump
If you condone the actions of Antifa, aren't you condoning vigilanteism.  And, wasn't the KKK vigilanteism?
What is your position regarding the president pardoning Arpaio? Considering his extensive "background", your constituents deserve to know.
You have no balls! I'm ashamed you represent me in Kansas.
Not voting for this guy if he has to bow before the media overlords like the rest of the swamp does
You are a spineless worm of the MSM repeating their dribble. You need to be impeached for failure to represent your constituents. MAGA!!
These so called 'anti fascict' have terrorized the US for over a year. They're also a racist/racist group. Condemn all -
Thank you for those words. Please follow them with meaningful actions.
Like what? A coup against a duly elected POTUS?
He spoke out against it more then once!!!
Looks like you've lost your base from the people commenting on here Senator Moran.
And the Anti-fa were well behaved and without their own violence?
...he bragged about sexually assaulting women; we knew this when he mocked a differently-abled reporter; we knew this when he claimed he ...
This is what Kansas stands for. Don't let it end here, make sure your actions are meaningful.
He doesn't!! Go after all hate equally! It's all shameful!
Thank you for putting our country first. Now America needs yr action to end this chaos.  @realDonaldTrump #impeach #25thAmendment
Potus never was for it
Trump has proven himself to be not only an incompetent leader but also a loathsome person. Thanks for having the moral backbone to speak out
Then is bigotry and racism have no place, why are you condemning antifa and blm, they riot, burn, injury, what nothing to say?
Listen to yourself.  President Trump is taking care of things, and your input isn't needed.
You smell like swamp water!!  You will be replaced! Strong Kansas men don't buy the MSM s***. You are a sad representative of Kansas men!!
Denounce the MSM twisting our presidents words! Drain the swamp or you will be drained! We can find better Republican representatives!!
Nor should we tolerate violence from the so-called antifa. The far left is violent and threaten freedom and there are a lot of them.
I believe POTUS has stated this and believes this, too. Work with the POTUS. We cannot tolerate far left violence either.
It's not enough to claim there is a problem. A true leader will step up and decisively deal with the issue. Please stop Trump.
Intolerance is the enemy of tolerance and cannot be tolerated. Tolerance has a red line and we cross it at our peril https://i.redd.it/tlyoidfqe3gz.png …
It's your moral obligation to support impeaching President Trump!
...
Consider, they are responding to the new Black "supremacy".  Never satisfied.
Unless you're sniping cops in Dallas, right? But...can't call the kettle black if you do you are racist
Trump did denounce & condemn this horrible group. Obviously u didn't listen to one word he said. Disgraceful how the GOP is siding w/ Dems
WHEN ARE AMERICANS going to BE DONE WITH YOU!!! 
GO GET a JOB & GET OUT of CONgress!!!!
Time for action, not more talk. #ImpeachNow #25thAmendmentTime
, just exactly do you want him to do? He shamed both sides, more than Obama ever did.
He never said he tolerated ANY terrorism -- our leaders should start showing support for POTUS & quit instigating conflict.
Mr. Moran, we have a president advocating shooting people with bullets dipped in pigs' blood. Do something. He is unstable. Don't ignore.
Congrats on at least mentioning Trump('s title) when subtweeting him, but this remains not much. Confront this, and him, directly. PLEASE.
Potus needs to be IMPEACHED!!!  Please begin proceedings.  He is ruining our country. #CountryOverParty
Thank you. #impeach #25thAmendment
#ImpeachTrump
That is exactly what President Trump said. U do not like the way he said it. He has lifted our economy, got America rolling.
SO WHY AREN'T YOU HELPING THE PRESIDENT INSTEAD OF PUTTING HIM DOWN,,,,,
Let's call out ALL hate equally - that would be more appropriate!!!  Thanks Pres Trump for seeing past the obvious.
It's curious EVERYONE is so upset about this, but yet we are told every day that racism is systemic here.
This very small disgusting group got much attention. I appreciate Trump truthfully parsing the blame for violence.The left is OFTEN violent.
the law's work for all bad and good guys you need to back up and get all the facts
Thank you Senator!  A racist doesn't belong in the White House! IMPEACH TRUMP! Send Bannon with him!
But you can tolerate violence by Black Lives Matter and Antifa. Congratulations on saying their violence is okay by you.
Thank you. I know my fellow Kansans and your constituents voted Trump. This is not time for red/blue politics - this is about the republic.
You're a cowardly, group-think panderer. Your president denounced ALL hate groups. You imply he didn't. We will remember come election.
How about violent suppression of speech by the Left. Any place for that? Have you EVER condemned the Left? Trump condemned ALL hate.
Looks like you want to be replaced! Coward!
As an ex-pat Kansan, I am so proud of your statements contra this President.  Thank you!
Appreciate  this STMT, but if this Congress won't rein in this POTUS, I will vote, donate time & $$ to get 1 that will.
Remember Hillary praising Robert Byrd, KKK leader...https://video.search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?fr=ymyy-t-999&hsimp=yhs-att_001&hspart=att&p=video+of+hillary+clinton+praising+robert+byrd#id=1&vid=427eda4ebad01ca3ee5893d2a2cf89c9&action=click …
You just quoted the exact same thing that Pres. Trump said on Saturday. Wash your ears once in a while so as to hear better.
I don't think you are paying attention.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoXThCb8EZA&feature=share …

You are spewing Left Wing talking points.  You need to apologize.
Thank You!
So Tell me why your not calling our the black thugs?
How many times does he have to say it J-E-R-R-Y, before you get the message!
DID U NOT LISTEN?  POTUS  rightfully blamed both neo-nazis AND Antifa who R paid thugs, paid 2 riot. BOTH R EVIL!  Wake up, Jer!
, but it was ok for Obama right? Your hypocracy and disrespect is shameful and duly noted. # No votes for Rinos & Dem. hate!
YOU ARE A JOKE !!!!!YOU BUNCH OF FAKES!!!!!!
45's crazy will continue increasing exponentially bcaus he's guilty of treason & knows what's coming. His s**t show has only just begun!
& we can count on U 2 move 2 impeach/remove under 25th Amnd?
They are American ISIS
And what about the violence and riots we had to suffer through in Ferguson, Berkeley and the inauguration thanks to the left/BLM
.No hate group should be allowed BLM is a hate group to. 
Supported by Obama,  you did not complain about it
You COWARD. SWAMP
he denounced it. BLM are a black supremacist group FYI.
Thank you for your moral and just stand on this.
End the GOP. You are useless.

& Sexism?
Then get rid of him 
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms, this agreegious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides." Trump quote
THX for making STRONG statement and includ'd POTUS. Keep doing that! Look what he's doing to us: #Healthcare #TrumpRussia #Charlottesville !
you're all at once dramatic bags of wind
@JerryMoran, Thank you for standing up for America and through partisanship to denounce bigotry and hate. Please continue to be strong.
Thank you for speaking up for common decency. Good job. XOXO from Kansas City.
Thank you for taking a stand. Please, as your constituent, do something about him while we still have a country left. #impeach45now
Thank you for speaking out.
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
you're ridiculous!  President Trump does not condone or tolerate any of these groups!! shame on your not standing for him!
Please do everything in your power to remove him from office. Do it for us. We will remember how you react to this moment in history.
Good job day late dollar short where were you when BLM was killing cops grandstander
Thank you!
So your not supporting our President? Shame on you! Burdett, KS (originally)
Exactly what Trump said, grow up, stop acting like spoiled brats. U know exactly how Trump feels about racism, and bigotry.
Shame on you how dare you insult our President you should resign from  officeDonald Trump is our President &you are a political hack#resign
@GOP is all hot hair no action #partyovercountry this is the @gop
you brain depleted ? # Trump never even implied that ! #Wow !
@kevinyoder never will say this. 
Amen
Did you not hear what he said?
#nationalsecurity threat. He is impulsive and full of hate and anger.
good start but trump doing more than tolerating it he is giving them the green light. What you going to DO; we need action; TRUMP is a . . .
You say bigotry has no place in our society. You're correct. So how do you explain your NO vote on protecting LGBTs from job discrimination?
And your YES votes on a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, Banning gay couples from adopting? That's bigotry, Mr. Moran.
Seems to me that you feel free to pick and choose your own discrimination. & as a gay Kansan, I'm fed up. You don't get a free pass today.
thank you for doing what's right, taking a stand. 
Hold him accountable, show us w action.
Did you conveniently forget about #BLM "pigs in blanket.." Obama said NOTHING & encouraged violence.
thanks for speaking out.
#WannabDickTraitor #Traitorous1stFamily #TrumpCartel #RUSSIANMADEWH #GOPFAIL #Scruples4Rubles #ABUSEOFPOWER #DelusionsofGrandeur #America ??
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPPAIDOFF #GOP2SCARED #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP ?I never really thought they ALL had a pee tape&access hollywdStuff- why #GOPSUX
Appreciate the condemnation and calling out POTUS. Now please do right by this country and follow up with REAL ACTION. Will be watching all.
Then #ImpeachTrump and remove him #FireBannon
We don't need your words. We need your actions. NOW. #DoSomethingGOP
Thank you, Senator you words are appreciated but we now need some actions to back up words.
Agree, and POTUS @realDonaldTrump agrees also, and shame on you for falsely exploiting for political gain fomenting violence.
Then impeach. Our future is in the balance. Country before party, we beg you!
Thank you for being one of the few @GOP members to call out the president.
All these responses are correct Senator. Now follow up your words with action. Voting Rights Act, Citizens United, gerrymandering, etc
News flash to all the government cowards. These things are self evident to the people you r telling. They r not 2 the person u cower from.
From a constituent: thank you for standing up for decency!
Guess @AC360 should resign.
Sometimes politicians come across to the voters as a "Supremacist". You certainly do so!
I'm not coming together with Nazis. No way. Now how. We fought them once. I have't changed my mind about them. #Thereareonly2sides
Save the country. Impeach Trump.
Tolerate it?He is supporting it. He represents the neoNazis and white supremacists.When are we going to get serious and say enough is enough
Thank you for actually coming out and saying this. Why do so few of your republican colleagues do the same? Please talk to them.
You are part of the swamp
The POTUS went one better that he denounced the hate and bigotry on the left and the right because they are both at fault.
The POTUS denounced "all sides" which means he denounced the BLM members who were throwing cement, feces and urine at the other side.
How can you convince your fellow MoC, its only going to go downhill from here.
Theres no turning around this sinking  ship
For once I can be proud of something a congressman from Kansas said! Thanks for saying what millions of Kansans would like to say to trump
You are exactly right.  However, don't forget the counter protestors also came there with weapons and dressed to start fights.
thank you. @SenPatRoberts is there something you'd like to say?
#25thAmendmentNow
Words are a good start.  It's time for action.  Please take a stand.
One would think After watching Ferguson burn you wouldn't see this senator support the arsonists. But that want he is doing. Blm/antifa
I absolutely agree, but the spirit of pandering I find behind these words means I will never vote for you again. Yes, I am a Kansan.
I agree. Now, take the only action that will eliminate the POTUS problem. Impeach him. Words don't count. There is no try. Only do or do not
What about pro football players now rejecting their country and their freedoms. Now where is moral equivalency of that?
He did condemn it, but he also condemned the others to . How is that a bad thing? Plus we harp all the time about freedom of speech. What ab
He shouldn't have gotten in the race. This is all the GOP's fault. With 99% of the US Senate White males for 200 years. Deal with that.
Finally!!!  Thank you.
You feed the alt-left trolls. Either stand up for our POTUS who clearly condemned these groups or we will vote you out!
Neither does black racism. So stand up to both.
