Sir, a vote on an unknown bill presented in an undemocratic process, that stands to take healthcare from millions, is abuse of power.
And it's a slap in the face to public trust.
You're no Bob Dole. You're a traitor to your constituents and only care about the party line. Shame on u. We will remember.
Serve the public! Don't destroy healthcare.
Obama already destroyed it
A Russian troll
Then you will miss your job when we take it from you.
Hi Senator Moran. Keep up the good work and stand against the ACA replacement and repeal at least until we have more input and debate!
Unpatriotic Americans
Nothing less than #FullRepeal #RootAndBranch.
I was proud when you stood against your leaders in favor of KS citizens. Please stand for our interests today.
Senator Dole deserves "EVERY" recognition afforded him. He has served his nation well on "EVERY" level - Well Done Good and Faithful Servant
He has a great life w/insurance & care to live to 94! Please don't throw the sick, elderly, disabled & poor under the bus!  Vote no on MTP!!
Protect the poor, elderly & those with pre-existing conditions. Your vote could kill or save millions. Do thr right thing. SAVE LIVES!
@JerryMoran #MoranOut @patroberts @SenPatRoberts #RobertsOut #Kansas #healthcare #HealthCareVote #ACARepealDebate
You are voting against the peoples of Kansas if you don't vote NO!!
Coward. Traitor. Shame on you.
You are a sick and evil person to rip ACA from people who need it
Please do the right thing for Kansas today and vote with both your head and heart.

The Senate is considering #Medicaid cuts that could affect health care for 1 in 5 Americans, 74 million people. http://kaiserf.am/2vUC7ye  
Please save and fix the ACA.
Don't vote #RepealObamacare w/out better plan 4 Americans. #RepealandRegret NO RUSH
Vote NO on this bill drafted w/ no transparency in a backroom that guts health coverage & has a 15% approval rating. #KillTheBill
Please vote NO on todays hc vote.  If u vote yes, you are doing so to appease Trump, Pence, McConnell, Ryan & hurting the people.
Healthcare: vote NO. Do what is right the right way. Use your vote to say so.
Senator Moran as a dedicated public servant, vote NO on MTP on healthcare.  How can you turn your back on the public you serve?
Say No to this HC vote. The ACA should be fixed not repealed. Be a hero for the American people.

The Senate is considering #Medicaid cuts that could affect health care for 1 in 5 Americans, 74 million people. http://kaiserf.am/2vUC7ye  

#KeepKidsCovered
Hear why pediatricians like @shriver_amy are calling their Senators to protect Medicaid & vote no on the motion to proceed. #KeepKidsCovered 
Please vote "no" on this healthcare bill!  I am a constituent and beg you not to go down this Trump hole.
I'm thankful for #ACA Allows me to help my son w/health insurance while in college. vote no today @SenateGOP #SaveACA #VoteNO
wondering if Bob Dole would have spoke to Boy Scout Jamboree the way Trump did? What is wrong with that man? Seriously? Explain?
Time to conservative Up! #FreeMarketOnly! #NO Trumpcare! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
22 million ppl lose health care with your vote. Stand up for Kansas.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/889775104036569088 …
Be a voice for KS again! Vote No against this reckless attempt to push thru repeal because of harmful campaign promises. Don't let KS down.
Air force veteran family urges A NO vote Trumpcare. Work on improving, we want more not less  BE A HERO #iamapreexistingcondition
Bob protected vulnerable Kansas. Please vote No to any health care bill that kicks  Kansans off insurance. Please consider Medicare for all.
Vote no on healthcare repeal Senator. It's is immoral to do otherwise. You don't have a bill that helps the American people.
Hi! Please vote no on repeal of ACA! I'm a constituent from Liberal, KS.
Bob knew how to legislate for Kansans....even working with Ds.  Jerry, be a stand up guy and work for us rather than for Mitch. Vote no Tues
Please do the right thing for Kansas and vote NO tomorrow!
Except for the fact he was one of the first Koch puppets, with dark money.
Read Jane Mayer's book, Dark Money.
Be cool to be known for serving your constituents instead of your rich donors. Try it. We might honor you one day.
Please vote no on the healthcare bill. Congress needs to work together and fix the ACA or find a BETTER way! Please do what is right!
Bob Dole was a fabulous public servant. If he were an ordinary senior, you would be risking his life voting tomorrow on the MTP. Vote no.
Are you gonna flip-flop on #Healthcare and let MILLIONS suffer? #kansasiswatching
Liars! @lisamurkowski @rob Portman @DeanHeller @JerryMoran @SenCapito they voted Yes to exact bill in 2015 & are now wavering. Repeal ocare!
All of these comments about not voting for something not seen. Where were you all when Pelosi/Dems shoved Obama Care down our throats?
Please don't vote to take away healthcare from millions to give tax breaks for the wealthy few.
Please vote NO on Trumpcare! Can we please not rush through this?
Vote NO on ACA repeal. Do the educated, responsible thing and make sure Kansans are left better off.
time to keep your promises #RepealObamacare
Resist the bullying. Don't vote for a mystery health care bill! It's indefensible to do so.
This is nice- why don't you honor him tomorrow by voting no on processing a healthcare bill no one has seen
Remember his Pepsi commercial? He was a true hero and represented our state well.
Will be watching you closely tomorrow, Senator. Vote wisely. I know a lot of Kansans will come Election Day.
Dole would have NEVER voted for whatever crap bill McConnell is planning on shoving in front of you tomorrow. VOTE NO!!!
Bob Dole served long and honorably. I cannot imagine he would condone #BRCA or this process. Be a hero @JerryMoran. Do right by Kansas.
Speaking of public service ...
Vote No on repeal, then worry about other stuff
Moran what a sense of priorities you have...got any suggestions for healthcare or is no the only concept you grasp
Please honor his service to the people if Kansas by voting NO on BRCA. Thus bill will harm rural hospitals and persons all over the state.
Vote NO on Healthcare bill and full repeal.  It will hurt too many of your constituents. It is time to work with Democrats and fix #ACA.
He also co-sponsored a bill that looks an awful lot like the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Are you seriously going to vote for a bill you know nothing about?
What your saying is how Pelosi/Dems got us in this stuatuation
So what you're saying is one dumb turn deserves an even dumber one. Yes. Let's do that. Go team.
That's great you all got together to pat former Senator Bob Dole on the back  What about doing your jobs on healthcare and other legislation
Statement on your healthcare position? Preferably before the vote... so you can back track later.
We'll see how he votes tomorrow.
Hi. Tried to call your DC office earlier, but had to leave a message. Please do not repeal the ACA unless you replace w/ #MedicareForAll
