You have no plans 2 address the thousands of citizens that flooded your office.  Don't expect 2 be around come re-election time.
.@JerryMoran from one of your constituents regarding your vote on #BetsyDeVos
.@JerryMoran honest question: Did #BetsyDeVos or her family 'donate' to you too?
Yes.
What's the difference, you don't listen!
can't wait to your election and you will be defeated . Enjoy the next two years.
I am one of your constituents imploring you to vote no on DeVos. Sessions too. We need better than Trump is foisting upon us.
Devos supports charter schools. If one does a poor job, it's closed. Another school gets the charter. That's good.
Not necessarily.
Am I to assume from this that you believe that keeping students in failing public schools is better than a choice?
Yeah, sure, Bruciekins, that's the logical conclusion to draw.
I'm glad to see that we agree. When I ask a question that reveals the obvious, I don't expect an answer. Thanks.
High call volumes were from those who voted you into office asking you to vote NO on DeVos. Thanks for nothing!
I guess voting the party line is more important to you than the education of our children.
Why bother? You only pay attention to your bank statement.
you think your call volumes were bad before you voted for DeVos, just wait until she trashes education and you get those calls.
I have been trying to reach you. Please clear your voicemail.
Please share the call, letter, email, social media breakdown of constituents who asked you to vote y/n on Devos?
Please share the call, letter, email, social media breakdown of constituents who asked you to vote y/n on #DeVos.
Very disappointed that you did not heed the concerns of your constituents today.  #integrity #NoonDeVos #sellout
I've tried calling multiple times and your VM is full. Please vote #NoonDeVos
and you still supported Davos?
high call volumes were they for or against devos somebody needs to let us know
huh. I wonder what all those people were calling for? Do you know?
sold out your constituents when you confirmed  DeVos. You ignored overwhelming opposition from YOUR voters. We Won't forget.
disappointed in your vote today. So much for listening to Kansans.
Represent ALL Kansans. WE WANT TRUMP/RUSSIA investigated
I know you know DeVos is wrong for Kansas' children. Disappointed that your profit >  their education.
if we email we just receive a form letter back
Can we at least get a No to Jeff Sessions?
did you listen to the VM's? Read the emails? YOU had the power to stop a cabinet position from being bought Where is your spine?
Please think about the kids today during your vote on DeVos.  A quality education can save kids and a poor one can hurt them.
what good did it do to contact you? You voted her in & her ideas are decidedly anti-rural. Traitor.
well, we know you won't, but I won't be quiet.  I want you to vote no on Senator Sessions.
your vote for wholly unqualified DeVos means not only will I not support you, I will actively Un-support you in every way.
Vote no on DeVos. O I'm sorry already in the pocket  of  $$$$$$$$$$.#drainmorgansachs
I've emailed, I've called, I've tweeted and then I got your newsletter in my inbox tonight about voting for her. VOTE NO.
I am natalie myers from Westwood KS and I have tried to contact you several times to ask you to vote no on De vos tomorrow.
2 things I love about being a Kansan: 1 Sunflower Showdown, 2 Public Education. Please vote no to DeVos, stick up for rural KS.
A vote for DeVos is a vote against KS kids, KS families and KS educators. This vote matters. Don't disappoint us! #noDevos
You have "serious concerns" about DeVos but will still vote for her? Vote your conscience! We can find a more qualified nominee.
Please vote No on the Betsy DeVos nomination.
.@JerryMoran hope your staff checks this as regularly :) Betsy DeVos is unqualified. Please put American children first and vote #NoOnDevos
that high call volume is from constituents trying to contact you to NOT vote for Betsy DeVos
Thanks for the hard work you do! Email sent. Please vote NO on DeVos.
Please vote against Betsy DeVos as Sec. of Education. I will remember your vote in the next election.
VOTE NO- IF YOU DO NOT YOU SHOW THE KIDS YOU DO NOT CARE
vote NO for DeVos
please vote NO on DeVos...we need someone with experience and knowledge with education..
Why aren't these 17 senators recusing themselves? #draintheswamp
..Johnson, McCain, McConnell, Murkowski, Perdue, Portman, Rounds, Rubio, Scott, Sullivan, Thune, Tillis, Tilley, Young. Not you!
Moran has future campaign contributions coming his way from the DeVos family.  That's "setting aside misgivings".
17 of your colleagues took up to $98,300 apiece from the DeVos family: Blunt, Burr, Cassidy, Cotton, Daines, Gardner, Grassley,
Are any of these the voices telling you to vote YES on Betsy DeVos? You know what is right.  #StopDeVos #draintheswamp
no to DeVos
please...NO Devo's!!!!!
#NoDeVos Please vote no on DeVos. Our kids will suffer under her inexperience.
Are you just ignoring your constituents @JerryMoran ?
We are TELLING you how we feel #noDevos
You no longer represent US Senator.Just party.
Vote NO on Devos #DumpDevos!
if GOP is telling you this opp.  is coming from paid protesters, pls PM me & we can chat about how all these folks will vote! 
Vote NO on DeVos or kids will learn $ is all you need to be "qualified"
Voice mail full, protesters in streets....
please listen to your constituents and represent the will of the people-your People-Vote NO on DeVos
@caseyfert If you vote yes on DeVos you have disdain for your citizenry. You'd cease to be a statesman and be a partisan hack.
vote NO on DeVos
Please vote NO to DeVos? Do what's best for kids, and it's not her.
please tell me how many of your constituents are pro-Devos?? Are you listening to the people of KS or just being a politician
No Devos
Not sure you read your emails. Not sure you count the no and yes votes. Officer staff stopped counting. @CJOnline #DumpDevos
Listen to your constituents and vote no on DeVos. She is completely unqualified. You represent us, not the Repub party line!
though you should read this so you won't be shocked or surprised when nobody names a school after you #NOtoDeVos
Please listen to your constituents & vote no on DeVos. She supports business, not public education. - A Registered Kansas Voter
Please save IDEA - vote NO on Devos. Find courage please, she's terrible for education. Our children and grandchildren need you.
attempted to call many times over the last 2 weeks. pls vote no on devos. there are def more qualified people. thank you.
The high call volumes are from Kansas citizens trying to get your attention.  Empty the mailboxes! LISTEN TO US!!  NO DEVOS!!!
I've tried communicating clearly & respectfully. You ignore us. I'm sick of your silence & lack of courage.Represent KS-NO DEVOS
CONFIRMATION OF DEVOS INDICATES YOUR COMPLETE DISREGARD FOR KANSANS  Please do not be known as a bought & paid lackey.  NO DEVOS @JerryMoran
I've emailed & called. Your response:
Your thoughts are important to me & I will respond as soon as possible: YOU LIE-NO DEVOS
@JerryMoran
By supporting DeVos,  you are voting against the will of your constituency.  Kansas expects better
I've taught over 20 years.  Only Title One schools.  Please vote no #DeVos.  Your vote matters.  All children need you.
Please vote YES on Betsy DeVos!
vote NO on DeVos!
I am your constituent in Johnson County.
Why email?  I sent an email on January 4th you have not responded to as if today.
I'm a registered KS voter in 66224. Please represent your constituents accurately and vote NO on DeVos. #StopDeVos
You said phones have been full of calls asking for NO votes. Please consider constituent voices when voting. Thx! #VoteNoDevos
Disappointed you didn't listen to those you serve.
.@JerryMoran Sir, please vote #NoDevos. She is knowledgeable & unqualified. America's children deserve better! Stand up for what's right!

email sent, please vote no on DeVos
Why are you voting for DeVos?  This is a bad call for public schools.  Please don't do it.
your constituents are reaching out to you! Hear our voice! Vote no on DeVos!
My email has been sent Senator Moran.  Please vote NO on DeVos.  My kids and schools deserve better!
High call volumes = listen to your constituents! #StopDeVos save our kids. Use your conscience.
you need to vote NO on DeVos - please think of our children and schools first.
Don't sell out our children. Vote no on DeVos!
perhaps that should tell you that your constituents want you to #saynotodevos
please vote "NO" to DeVos
yr constituents are calling to encourage you NOT to vote forDeVos. She is unqualified & lacks knowledge abt public education
vote NO on Devos. Your constituents (u know the people u "represent" and who vote) have valid concerns. She's not qualified
pleae vote no on Devos. We need someone who knows and loves public education in US.
I've seen protests civil rites & Nam ! Not like this! Add education to mix & this country will be on fire! Vote No DeVos
I've emailed you. Please vote no on DeVos. Kansas schools and children deserve better!
tried to call, tried to email. Both were down. Please vote no on DeVos.
.@JerryMoran please be a moral compass for your party & stand up for the children whose futures rely on you. Vote NO on DeVos! #StopDeVos 
do not turn your back on our children. She's made a mess of Michigan public schools. Listen to public outcry. No to DeVos.
Vote NO for DeVos!
Quality tweet.

I suspect that the quantity and content of said calls are giving you a strong sense of the citizen's wishes.
Please do not vote for DeVos. I am a 17 year veteran teacher and know she does NOT have the ability or knowledge! Please.
Lyon County Constituent here....no to DeVos!!! Please!!!!
Please vote NO on DeVos. Your constitutents are asking you not to!
High call volume because we are all begging you to vote #NoToDeVos
-Do u want to be remembered as the senator who actually  worked FOR his people? Or do u want to be forgotten? #DeVos=No. Please.
Registered KS republican here, vote NO on Devos! Take a stand for children and grandchildren.
just did. Please at the core of my Kansan heart, I beg you, vote no on #DeVos
very disappointed to hear! Not want Kansas want.
it's does no good to call or email! You only represent YOUR interests not the people.
Mr.Moran- NO on DeVos. Her position should NOT be entry level. Save K-12. #NotoDeVos
Senator, please vote no on DeVos. Your constituents are asking you to vote no on DeVos. Do the right thing and vote no on DeVos.
I called then emailed you, and am  planning to visit your office. I am a constituent in Lawrence, KS. Please vote NO on DeVos.
@PatRoberts please vote NO on DeVos.
please vote NO, our children are not for sale! DeVos is UNQUALIFIED to lead the Dept of Education.
vote NO to Devos! Kansas kids deserve better than her. They also deserve to have you stand up and fight for them.
please Vote NO for Betsy DeVos
We care about our schools and you should to
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos
already did, asking you to please vote no on DeVos. Did I mention I'd like you to vote no regarding Betsy DeVos???
I am a constituent in Johnson County! Vote NO on DeVos!
VOTE NO ON DEVOS! Please. Please. Please. Vote NO on DeVos
please vote for your constituents and vote NO on DeVos! We don't want her in charge of our education system!
We're calling and emailing to tell you to vote no on DeVos. Shame on you if you fail to represent your constituents and our kids
@KCStar @WIBWNews  HELP, Moran & the vote he is set to make #DumpDevos If he is listening to the calls He will know how to vote
As the email is down too, this is what I have. Please vote no on Betsy Devos she is unqualified. I am a constituent of Hays, KS.
Maybe you should listen to those voicemails and then you'll know your people want you to vote no for DeVos.
vote No on DeVos and demand Steve Bannon's removal from the Security Council. Also, block SCOTUS nominations.
America is behind you. Protect our children and vote no on Devos!
vote no on Devos please
Please do the right thing for The Kids. U R all that is between them and ignorance.
No to DeVos #NotoDeVos #DumpDevos
@PatRoberts Please vote no on DeVos! Our schools deserve better!
Please vote no for this Sec of Education. We need someone who knows that area.
all the calls are pleas to block DeVos. You wouldn't  you hire a pacifist to lead the military, so why choose her? #noDevos
No Vote for DeVos, whatever she said to you, she does not have the best interest of public schools or Kansas in mind.
I'll bet 90% are negative calls, because you won't do the right thing - stop blindly following the Trump dictatorship.
No on Devos!
please vote no on DeVos. She is not qualified!
Vote no on DeVos! Our children deserve better! Our teachers and educators need a leader who is knowledgeable. Stand up for kids!
NO DeVos #NODeVos she knows nothing, of public schools, and I watched her be questioned, #NiceHouseNobodyHome
Please man up for Kansas and vote against Betsy DeVos.  We can't afford her.
Please vote NO on DeVos. Our kids deserve better!!!
Vote no for DeVos.  Don't hurt public schools.
Vote No - our children and our future depend on it
Your email form is also down. I am a constituent in Olathe, KS. I urge you to vote no on the confirmation of Betsy Devos.
When are you going to clear out your voice mailboxes so that we can get through to you? #DoYourJob #DumpDevos
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,OUR CHILDREN,OUR FUTURE I BEG YOU TO VOTE NO ON @BetsyDeVos PLEASE STOP THIS FROM HAPPENING PLEASE!!!
I tried to call but your mailbox is full.  I did send an email.  Please vote NO for DeVose. Our education system deserves better
Senator Moran, even Eli Broad - philanthropic supporter of charter schools says, "NO to DeVos"
Praying for you to do the right thing and oppose DeVos. You have to know she is not qualified.
NO to Betsy Devos. It isn't just about the fact that she is unqualified--look at the conflicts of interest. #Corruption101
I sent a fax!  Look for this guy to hear his voice!
please vote NO on DeVos
please vote no!!
please listen to your constituents and vote no on DeVos. Our children deserve better. All children.
please vote no Devos!!
Thank you for trying to listen to everyone, and thanks to your staff. Please vote NO on @BetsyDeVos for Sec Ed.
Please, for the sake of our children, vote no on DeVos. Public education benefits all of us.
please vote no on devos
Don't be that guy Jerry!
Rise up!
The people of Kansas are overwhelmingly opposed to DeVos. What say you to the people, sir?
so you are going to vote according to your constituents, right? That's your job? The one some elected you to do?
vote no on DeVis whose record is not that strong and whose extreme views on choice do not with the community values of Kansas.
Please vote NO on Devos. She is not qualified! Support Kansas schools and listen to your constituents!
vote NO on DeVos.
Senator Moran, Please vote NO on Devos. She's not at all qualified! Thank you!
.@JerryMoran VOTE NO ON DeVOS!
NO on DeVos. Vote for the future of our *country* over the future of your career. Do the right thing.
PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!!
Plz vote NO -DeVos. She has no experience to improve our rural public schools. Plz put our kids over party #DeVosvote
Vote Yes on Betsy De Vos. She will help make the needed changes . Do no settle for Status quo!!
Please vote No for DeVos. Kansas schools will suffer including Blue Valley Schools! DeVos is NOT qualified!
please vote No on DeVos! Our nation's future depends on it!
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos.  Please show you are still a person of integrity and will do what is right for the American people.
Hope you're seeing the deluge of comments here and on Facebook. Don't betray your constituents. Kansas says NO to DeVos.
please no on devos.  All will remember this vote especially.
, I'm very concerned about Devos's lack of experience and commitment to middle-class kids like mine. Please vote no to Devos.
Vote No on Devos. You have the constitution to stand up and side with the people. You work for the good of the people. Show us!
Please vote NO on Devos!!
VOTE NO!!!!!!!!
she will destroy the public schools. Period. Isn't that enough?
for the sake of our children and future children pls vote no there is a lot wrong with the public school systems but she isnt it
the answer
vote no on DeVos.  I don't even send my kids to public school but do not want her in charge of Education in this country
please vote no on betsy devos.   Our children need you.   My children on IEPs need you.
