Why repeal and replace instead of just improve and enhance?  This isn't a game and you don't have to kill everything Obama touched...petty
@mdcolli @JerryMoran
Thank you. Wish Republicans would tell the truth about ACA. #FixACA
B/y belief how easily GOP electorate swayed by their "leaders." They scream "keep govt out of my...
...healthcare" not acknowledging govt regulates ALL kinds of insurance & but 4 govt, they'd never...
...have or b able 2 afford ANY kind of insur or get what they paid 4. The ignorance is stunning!
I practiced hlth care law 4 20+ yrs. I know @ least a little > most, & they still won't listen!
They should listen to you. 13 old guys  sitting in a back room do not have a clue about insur
This statement is misleading considering you voted to move it forward. Instead of fixing a problem you have decided to be the problem.
stand tall  vote down senate healthcare  repair aca not repeal reach across the isle their is bipartisan solution
Jerry, how many times are we going to step back. Please post your specific objections to this bill so we can all understand.
If you want to replace Obamacare with something more affordable then support Single Payer.
Check California and Vermont, they studied it and determine too costly.
Canada spends 10% of its GDP on healthcare and the US spends 17%.
Check their tax rates.
Ask Canadians if they would give up their HC system for Americas!
Typical liberal, they want somebody else to pay for their health care
We WA

We demand 100% repeal of ACA . Then do not bail out the insurance companies that wanted ACA passed. Follow Rand Paul!!
Fix ACA by making states that expand Medicaid pick up 60%, charge people w pre-existing conditions more or the same as older people.
No! That's not the way insurance works.
Insurance companies want government laws that Force me to buy their product.  That's Why they want 2 just put lipstick on Obama Care.
REPEAL
Listen to Beverly Gossage! She knows first hand what is needed after you totally repeal aca.
COMPLETELY REPEAL OBAMACARE. IF YOU JUST CHANGE IT, YOU WILL OWN IT AND DEMS ARE HOPING THAT IS WHAT YOU DO! SUPPORT PRES TRUMP OPENLY!
Please work hard and long to repeal ACA. Do not bail out insurance companiesWe need rural hospitals & HCProviders to stay. No recess.
Don't leave us with failing Ocare. Do your job!
I am so glad you delayed the vote for the Trump health care bill....we definitely don't want it!!!  We count on you!!!
Well I will tell you Obama care needs repealed.  Weather there is a replacement or not. We do not need gov care. We are keeping an eye this
Please look at Mass. and Calif., states where #ACA works, & fix in other states! ACA has worked for my family since husband disabled
See this as well:
At this point pass anything & get us some damn tax cuts wAt is the matter with Y Republicans?  U R WORSE THAN DEMS!! ATLEAST DEMS PASS BILLS
Obamacare can be passed by only Democrats but you cannot get on the R side and vote on repeal and replace! SAD
Stay strong do what's right for your constitutes don't let the dilettante @realDonaldTrump jam downs bad bill. We protect those who are weak
Thank you for at least holding a town hall. Do what is right and please don't support this harmful bill or give in to back room deals
You are a fraud.  I won't vote for you. Didn't you vote for repeal when it didn't matter. Pathetic RINO
Stay strong for Kansas   Improve ACA. Add a public option and expand Medicaid
And thank you for not just voting Repub without thought
Kudos for putting what's best for Kansans before party politics.
Thank you.
Could you comment on this?
By providers, I hope you don't mean Insurance CEOs. What are your thoughts on a public option, or single-payer?
@FoxNews Thank you! We need a pork free #HealthcareBill  Govt oversight of Medicare and Medicaid. Let the #freemarket work for #HC!
Pleae hold steady and vote NO on this atrocious bill.
https://www.facebook.com/cnn/videos/10156946879151509/ …
Thank you for listening to us Kansans! Work with Dems to fix the ACA. Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege for the wealthy.
Thank you for having the cajones to actually talk to your constituents. http://shareblue.com/only-2-gop-senators-will-hold-town-halls-as-republicans-flee-toxic-health-care-bill/#.WVezl7KDOj0.twitter … Rare in a Republican these days.
Proud of u Jerry. Now show us that u truly have us in mind & wk w Dems to FIX ACA. Stop insisting to REPEAL so that EGOs can get their fix
There a lot of moderate Dems watching what you do on healthcare get it wrong and we might just cross back to our side
Thank you for opposing the current repeal and replace plan. I am requesting as a Kansas voter that you maintain this position. Vote NO!
Pls, Sen Moran, continue your opposition of BCRA. It will be damaging for all. We are watching.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom  Thank you!!
Full repeal and replace. The middle class in your state is drowning in premiums and penalties. My farm community is going broke! Help plz!
#TrumpCare = 98% ACA; Republicans to be blamed for BHO mess
Hippcratic Oath: 1st, do no harm
 #FullRepeal #NoReplace #UnitedForFreedom
I'm sharing your responses to the NoCare bill as widely as I can on social media.
And, hopefully to work with the Democrats to make needed changes while preserving the humane elements.
If you fail to vote yes on this bill, you will lose your seat. Guaranteed! You were elected to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Our country is We The People not socialism. #FullRepeal
Vote for #FullRepeal then work to fix what's needed through states. We are #UnitedForFreedom
I am reading the bill. May be best to repeal entire ACA by a certain date. Address lowering HCCosts, inc reimbursement, inc access.
I'm a therapist living in Wichita. If this bill passes, it will ruin my profession. It will kill your constituents. Vote no. Please.
The senate version of ObamaCare is not what we were promised. We support you in voting NO! Thank you! #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
NO trumpcare or Obamacare! REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED ONLY! UnitedforFreedom!
#breakingnews Jerry Moran: "Civil War Battle-Worth The Fight"
New USA Today poll: Only 12% of Americans support Senate health care plan.
I lost insurance 2009 due to ObamaCare. Still can't afford coverages. REPEAL OBAMACARE
Repeal ObamaCare
Appreciate you not committing yet to this disastrous bill.  Please do not vote before you have a chance to speak with your constituents.
Just 12% approve of this terrible bill. NO Band-Aid Backroom Deals will improve this bill. Stand w/ Kansans! STAY NO
#BREAKING: Jerry Moran supports Emancipation Proclamation.
So brave.
Thank you, Senator Moran.
Try a public option- better yet single payer.
Say no to backroom deals & to Medicaid cuts & higher premiums for elderly. Fix ACA instead of repeal. GOP will get credit for improvements
I salute you, Senator, for your opposition to this bill. A grateful Kansan
Thank you! Please help modify this bill so that it is more inclusive and affordable for all Kansans!
Certain Kansans? Why not all of them?
Please show the same fortitude when time comes to actually vote on the revised bill, which will no doubt be detestable for the same reasons!
Do not heed the voice of the righteous Senator. Your destiny is with the Dark Side. Together we can crush the resistance and rule the galaxy
I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan.
Blah! Alderaan is full of flaming liberals. The Empire will root them out and destroy their socialized medicine nonsense
Thank you for working for affordable health care for all Kansans. This is a big state with many constituents in rural areas!
Thank you, but please set aside partisan politics  & work with Dems for  good of all Americans.  All deserve deserve affordable health care.
There is nothing in your statement that indicates you oppose the deep cuts to Medicaid.  "Truly repeal" is in there.  That is not helpful.
Start w/ tort reform, add HSA expansions & reward physician volunteerism, END insurance mandates & employer involvement #Liberty #ignoreKst
Fine but meanwhile I pay to much for to little and will be fined for having the wrong insurance. Thanks!
Thank you for putting your constituents' needs before party.
Stay strong. Do not give in. America is counting on you.
The only Kansans for whom repealing the ACA will be better are the Koch brothers. Props to you for opposing this murderous bill. Don't cave.
Thanks. I hope you are against it for the right reasons.
Thank you for recognizing the devastating effect this legislation would have on Kansas and the rest of the country -- pls don't forget that!
Work across the aisle to improve ACA. I'm working hard here to get you and Roberts out; you do nothing for us and everything 4 KOCHs et al
Thank you.  This is an awful bill.  Please have the courage to maintain your opposition to it, which would have a devastating impact on KS.
Thankyou for standing up for children, nursing home patients and the disabled.
Here is an idea, work with the @SenateDems and @SenateGOP to fix what is broken in the AHA and let's get this country moving again.
Then fix the issues and don't just talk about it. Actually make progress! How can the GOP not take advantage of this?
Thank you sir!
Where were u before the rep health care bill was delayed?  It is time to get a backbone and do the right thing. How do u sleep at night?
Good news. Kansas has a Senator that at least temporarily acts like he has a brain
I'm very glad you feel that way now please go talk to @SenPatRoberts
#ACA can be fixed by some very simple legislation, yet you persist in phony attempts to repeal Obamacare. Out of spite for liberals
You will be the minority party in 2018 if you don't repeal Obamacare like you promised.
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
I'm a patient in Kansas. I've called you about this bill. I appreciate your opposition to it, but you not "working with me." Give me a call.
Thank you. Please keep focused on what it will take to keep access in rural areas (Medicaid expansion) and keep larger hospitals afloat too.
I would appreciate less focus on repeal, more on improve. Meet needs of ALL people not just the few. Health is not about money.
The 198,000 Kansan's who were about to lose their health coverage thank you for your no vote.
He hasn't voted no yet, has he? I thought it was delayed?
Correct.  No vote has been taken YET.  There were literally not enough yes votes to proceed with even discussing the bill.  That can change.
That's what I am saying. Safe to say now that he was a no vote, now that it's already delayed. He may change his tune.
and why the rush...the bill is complex and everyone should take the time to understand it
@kansashospitals praise Sen. Moran's decision. This another example of his commitment to health care in Kansas.
You're a regular profile in courage sir.
Stop the rhetoric...ACA was just the first step. Needs improvements. If U pass health care it will still look like ACA.
I'll be at your College Blvd office tomorrow at 4:00--with hundreds of my closest friends.
given that neither House nor Senate plan improved healthcare or affordability, what would need to change to earn your Yes vote?
With no annual or lifetime limits??
Moran announces opposition to free drinks from Bill Cosby.
With protections for pre-existing conditions??
Use that great congressional healthcare plan to get a spine transplant.
Proud to see you standing with Shumer, Warren, and Franken.
You could have easily made this objection known over the weekend.
Better way (too) late than never, I guess.
Hint* Fix, not replace.
Profile in Cowardice to say this now, Jer.
@OwenColby when you've lost a Repub from Kansas...
#BREAKING: Jerry Moran will not support the Iraq war.
You clearly do not represent your constituents.
How about having the courage to fix Obamacare instead of digging in on the GOP's lack of an adequate solution?
Thank you Senator for your careful consideration!
Tell us RIGHT NOW what you disagree with. Explain why AK, MT, WY, ME, ND & SD get sweet deals at the expense of KS. Lead!
Jerry Moran, puts the ass back in Kansas.
Way to be a sheep. You said NOTHING until your peers with a spine came forward. Tell us what you want changed. Lead or leave!
Yeah real courageous senator. After he pulled the vote. Can you get your balls back from Mitch and Donald??
COWARD! 
Thank you! This bill is garbage. ObamaCare should actually be repealed, and then replaced with a better alternative.
Thank You!!!!!!!
Thank you, sir, for representing Kansans.
If you address the cost of healthcare and prescription drugs, healthcare would be affordable without too many subsidies.  Win win for all.
There is a template in place (ACA). With the people of Kansas in mind, figure out improvements and propose changes. Leading is a good thing.
Oh well...crap
Easy to say now after the vote has been delayed. Spineless.
We don't need "repeal and replace". We need bipartisan FIX.
Any GOP health bill version will make insurance less affordable with worse healthcare 4 Kansans & anyone else,duh.
Jerry Moran WILL NOT endorse the RMS Titanic as "unsinkable."
Thank you for standing up for your constituents Senator @JerryMoran and working in their best interests. Let's hope your peers do the same.
This bill should b dead.
Now with that, would you now consider reaching accross the isle and working with dems to find fixes for healthcare in America?
We simply don't need big gov't controls to have good medical care. #cronyism Govt single payer is fascism. Individual payer is freedom
I understand your position and I pray that you never have to face a serious illness with the current system, except if you are rich.
"Big govt controls": public ed, social security, min wage, interstates, military, rural infrastructure (totally funded by govt), etc, etc...
Cost over-runs, no accountability, fraud, bilking, and abuse. waste of resources https://oversight.house.gov/hearing/epas-animus-spill/ … #Oligarchy
Such courage coming out and saying you were going to vote no after the vote was already delayed. Incredible courage.
Correlation does not equal causation - ISTR there was fiscal stimulus around that time as well.
Good. Now say NO to backroom deal after recess & another CBO score. It's a waste of time and taxpayer $$. Reach across aisle & improve care
We simply don't need big gov't controls to have good medical care. #cronyism Govt single payer is fascism. Individual payer is freedom
Why is it so important to repeal and replace instead of working to better the ACA?
Because black guy.
Thanks, Senator. Next time could you stand up, lead, and speak out BEFORE the decision is made? --Your KS Constituent
