.@JerryMoran Then repair, don't repeal, the ACA and build on the positive changes it's had for my patients.
let's just hope 2018 will be your last year sponging off the taxpayers and sitting back smoking cigars and doing nothing!
we can discuss this issue and more if you'd come to the town hall meeting you were invited to tomorrow.
When will you stand up to the new admin. instead of rubber stamping everything? Are you going to investigate Trump/Russia connex
has the new admin taken any action thus far that would give any hope for this? Any? At all?
aren't you going with @SenPatRoberts  to the Wichita rotary club to avoid a town hall?  #kansaslosersinoffice
the defunding of planned parenthood would add challenges to teenagers and woman in rural America too.
im getting punished for not being able to afford insurance. The government is taking 2000 dollars from my income taxes.
Still waiting for you to publicly denounce that despicable press conference and Trump's baseless attacks on the press
We need to repeal Obamacare now!
are replace is with what???
Rand Paul has a program already to go
tell that to OUR GOVERNOR AND KANSAS REPUBLICAN SENATORS who refuse to expand Medicaid!
when my son turns 18, he either stays on my insurance or goes on Medicare since he is disabled. Am I going 2 pay or government?
Time for kansas to become democratic for a change. 2018 vote!
You see... you say that, but you vote to repeal ACA without a plan to replace it.
Mr. Moran Please include healthcare sharing in healthcare reform. & also ensure the 30% continuous coverage penalty does not apply. Thanks
hopeful? 
Hopeful! 
HOPEFUL!?!? 
i dont care if I agree with it.. just do something.  We did not send to DC to be hopeful.
Probably ought to send that letter to Gov Sam Brownback and the Kansas legislature
Kansas Hospital Association says Kansas & hospitals missing out on more than $1B in federal funding by not expanding Medicaid
instead of being hopeful, you could try holding them accountable.
I'm hopeful you'll recognize the ACA and expanding Medicaid will pay those providers.  When and where's your town hall?
since time set aside to meet with your constituents,you treat as vac days, no meetings we'll meet without you in Olathe, KS 2/23
ur just mad the media is doing checks and balances on your party and that's why you all are ducking and hiding!
and how is the media the enemy of the american people?  GOPhers like yourself are doing NOTHING to address our concerns??
what are you doing about it other than HOPE?
too bad your dodging town hall meetings so you can take responsibility for failing your constituents in the votes so far. 
Agreed. Why not bring some pressure to bear back home in Kansas while you're at it? #tiredofexcuses
POTUS does not care about us. And neither does the Republican Party. Disillusioned in KS.
Then tell him that less tweets and more work could accomplish alot
hopeful?
I want 2 pay 4 his insurance. Cheaper 4 U. Keep him on my insurance. No pre-existing.
If you're still hopeful about this admin you're either lying to cover for them or completely oblivious & shouldn't be in office.
let me help you with that. They won't.
It won't,  so stand up to Trump rather than just tow the line. It's embarrassing and his campaign & admin need to be held acct
Expanding Medicare would help rural Healthcare providers instead of shuttering facilities.
Don't care--When is your next town hall, Senator? --Your Constituent
Do your job and protect the citizens of Kansas.  If you don't your political career is over.
.@JerryMoran We'd love to talk about that @ the #Kansas #Constituents Healthcare #TownHall you've been invited to next week. @Indivisible_KC
Hell, the only thing the new admin recognizes is itself. They don't care about anyone else.
You and @SenPatRoberts  could do something about it. Please use your vote to speak for your voters.
You hope, huh?  It's obvious they don't care about us, You throw our kids, planet and nation under the bus with your votes.
Do you agree with your Presidential choice that the press is an enemy of the state
and if he doesn't what do you intend to do about it??
They might if you stand up for us.
you can hope in one hand and crap in the other
Tell me which fills up first?.  You are married to it Jerry.
hope is not a plan, do something
COWARD
me too
keep the ACA and regulate insurance companies' greed. Big pharma too. It's not that hard...unless you take corporate donations.
why no town hall? I'd love to meet you. Newly involved and ready to serve
You were elected to do more than be hopeful. Stand up and do something.
it's a little bit late to change your vote lucky if anyone but billionaires can afford a doctor DT will make Bush look a baby
umm Jerry after yesterday's press conference how could you even say something so coherent and logical?
I am hopeful that u will do ur job & stand up 4 rural healthcare.
partisan hack!
Your guy just called the free press an enemy of the American people.  Please address this.
If only Medicaid expansion would help rural Kans...oh, never mind.
doubt it, sir. There’s not enough profit to reap.
