In your newsletter: "If this bill isn't good for Kansas, it isn't good for me." We know it's not good for Kansas. Please keep your word.
Time to repeal Obamacare get rid of the mandate.
Also, neither House nor Senate bill repeals Obamacare. Both keep the basic structures in place while making it worse for working people.
We need it GONE!
So how bout you come out now and say, in detail, what you think HC needs.
Please vote NO on the AHCA or whatever they're calling it today. NOT GOOD FOR KANSAS.
Cut the size of the kansas swamp
Soon it will be time to show Kansans what kind of representative you are - one who acts on their behalf, or on your own.
But it's good you found time between not fixing health care and not standing for Kansas to take a pic for your instagram page.
Or more likely, you will just keep sitting back and making political expedient decisions after other people with backbone stand up 4 Kansas
You still suck Jerry
Time to stand up and be counted. Vote NO on the Senate healthcare plan. You know it's the right thing to do.
Please put Kansans first and vote no.
Vote no on the healthcare bill. This is what Kansas wants and needs. This is your defining vote.
I'm not sure how defunding Planned Parenthood helps either. Can you help me to understand how this is good?
First things first. Listen to those who voted for you.
#noontrumpcare
Sen Moran, your obligation is to your constituents in KS, not Koch Bros/ Americans for Prosperity. How are you going to vote on #TrumpCare?
You could be a hero. Work with dems and fix the ACA. Instead of repeal, try repair.
Yep. You Senators are golden and we get the storm. #soldout
Channeling my inner Nancy Reagan.... JUST SAY NO!!
Beautiful photo, but it pales in comparison to storm clouds over the Great Plains! #datingaKansan 
Postponing until after the holiday is no surprise. In favt, it was expected.
Cool picture, did you take it?
#BetterCare is not better or care. Vote no.
The 10 most important words in the CBO report: "few low-income people would purchase any plan at all". Premium increases, averaging 177%
Congress talkes way to many breaks to get many things passed. Ridiculous! Until healthcare, Tax reform no breaks. Build the Wall Moran!
This bill is bad for all Kansans, especially our most vulnerable. Please do the right thing and vote no! #KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare
Follow Sen Collins and #VoteNo This bill will hurt struggling rural economy & access to care. Good Healthcare requires bipartisan efforts
Cool picture.
Why is it gold colored? Is it the 878 million dollar renovation?
We are counting on you to put Kansans above party.  We know @SenPatRoberts  is a lost cause.  We still have hope you'll do the right thing
Vote no on the immoral tax break bill disguised as healthcare. DEATHCare=Nocare=GOP=HateGroup=Mobsters should be prosecuted under RICO
1) that's a great picture 2) vote no on the healthcare bill
Healthcare laws are literally a matter of life or death.  I hope you read the details and take this seriously.
Save our nursing homes! Save those of us ravaged by drug addiction! Save our pregnant women!
Save our rural hospitals, Senator! Save our sick kids from lifetime caps! Save our working poor! Get to work on our behalf!
yes vote = big time storm. terrible bill. wrong solutions. real lives at stake.  I'm a constituent, AHCA is a no-go for Kansas
Cool picture! Please don't vote for this cruel, cruel bill.
Early twitter results are 17 No for Trumpcare and 3 No for Obamacare. Still waiting on a Yes. Sure hope it isn't you Senator
I sure hope you get to work by voting down this despicable health care bill and working toward universal health care like other countries.
Please vote no!
Vote no and work on a  bipartisan bill health care is not a place to pay for tax reductions
Will you protect the most vulnerable Kansans by opposing this monstrosity of a health care bill?
Then get to work voting NO. Keep Essen Benefits, keep no lifetime or annual caps, insure poor people, no to older folks charged 5x more-HELP
Please don't pass this bill. Use the ACA as a stepping stone to something better, not something detrimental.
Please do what is right for the most vunerable Kansans.  This bill will hurt rural hospitals, nursing homes, the disabled, and children.
Please fight for Kansas! Trumpcare will hurt schools and children! Please help make it good for everyone!
Vote no on McConnell/Trump #wealthcare. It's not good for Kansas.
22 million people losing health insurance in the name of tax cuts for the wealthy is not acceptable. Do your job for your constituents!
Please vote no. No to lifetime caps. No to waivers for states. No to the exemption from requiring coverage. No to pre-existing conditions.
Kansans will die without healthcare.
It would be great if part of your work was advocating for your most vulnerable constituents not voting along party lines. #voteno
Vote No
By getting to work you mean voting no on the #HealthcareBill
Praying that you vote no on #Trumpcare
Do more than pray. Write, call, post card in or participate in a die in. Much more effective.
I call on the daily but prayer can't hurt at this point!
Allow states to expand Medicaid at the same reimbursement rates they have for normal Medicaid.  No more 80% reimbursement.
Difficult to take away something that is given away for free at taxpayer expense.  That is how the ACA was designed.
Because the ACA is dying and will not be around much longer, something needs to get done to replace or just let it dye.
This is not an accurate statement.
Vote NO on death plan
Beautiful photo. Hope you can resist the onslaught of pressure on you to vote yes on this HC bill. It isn't even a health care bill.
How are you planning on voting on #TrumpCare?
That's the ? that determines how stormy the next few years of town halls will be, for sure. CBO tells it all.  #NoOnTrumpcare
Grow a pair and vote against the health care bill.
