and children. Don't let this abuse happen; we have no choose; if we have sex without birth control we grow a life; we can't leave; ...
and then saying its in the name of religion is pure evil. How dare he; he is NOT religious. Children will be born to people who don't...
Trickle down economics with Reagan and Brownback's Great Kansas Experiment didn't work. Why do you think this will?
Bigger lies.
the baby becomes part of us. It will force families into having unwanted children...STOP the hypocrisy...trump and others not doing ...
Don't let Trump use Religion to promote his abuse to women. Forcing women who can't afford birth control to become pregnant is abuse ...
Which Americans @RepKevinYoder @SenPatRoberts @govsambrownback?  Seems only wealthy will benefit. Will no one in Kansas help regular people?
So "more jobs" means every worker will have to get a second job to make ends meet? Cmon jerry you're from Kansas. Tax cuts help wealthy.
this because of religion...its cuz they r playing to a certain crowd which is not majority of country...that crowd just doesn't want to...
Stop the partisan politics. Bipartisan is the only way.
WaPo article--Americans want better infrastructure, education, good gov't. AND are willing to pay for it with taxes. Do that first, please.
This tax bill has the smell of Koch Bros and their band of thieves. It is all about the money. How about working together to help all?
Straight from Americans for Prosperity.  Your smeller is right on target.
Americans deserve a president & cabinet who weren't hand selected by Putin & corrupt to the core. #ImpeachTrumpPence
Where's the proof. After one year zero evidence
Get out of here with the f*ing lies
I think men should have vote on birth control/abortion when they are the one growing a life for 9 months and raising a human for 18 years.
a life choice that women have to make...then women would be in control of their body instead of MEN making that decision for us...
worry about cost of birth control or having to make choice on abortion. ALL MEN sterilized and sperm bank; then rape wouldn't produce...
want them. That is abuse to women and to children. Stop this abuse or women of Kansas will vote someone who will stand up for women ...
It didn't work in Kansas and it won't work on the national level either.   Your tax plan will destroy much that's good about our nation.

Rich would benefit most from Trump tax cut plan: policy group https://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/rich-would-benefit-most-from-trump-tax-cut-plan-policy-group/ …
You're from KS. KS proved trickle down doesn't work. Please explain how lowering taxes on rich people improves my life? Waiting.
And healthcare? Don't we deserve healthcare? Will u be canceling your own health insurance at the same time you continue to sabotage ACA
Americans deserve disaster relief.
#PuertoRico 
#VirginIslands
Did you forget healthcare?
Please also protect social security. We seniors paid in for many years. It is not a hand out. I worked 43 years. And paid in all of those
pay for something all should pay for...men r part of equation too...maybe America should sterilize all men...then women won't have to
What guarantee is there that corporate tax cuts will create jobs and increase pay? cuts should be contingent upon action to avoid pocketing
Fact lowest rate goes from 24,000 of income to 19,000 of income and the tax rate goes from 10% to 12% on income/wages! More taxes for lowest
Yes and to get rid of the mandate on health insurance.
I don't trust anything you and the GOP come up with.
Prove it!  I think you are lying.  Past behavior shows you don't care about everyday people.  O my those with lots of $$$
How about we help Puerto Rico? Or maybe work on a more inclusive health care plan, instead of trying to slam one through?
All those that are complaining are probably paying less than 10%
Like under Reagan, grew jobs and govt revenue did not go down.
So you say, but I will believe it when I see it, given the GOP dishonesty lately!
Oh, we know where your loyalties lie, Cathy.
How bout you raise the fed min wage to a LIVABLE WAGE instead?!? To an amt that is FAIR..its SIMPLE
Jerry, this smells a lot like the Brownback plan that put KS in the financial ditch...  Explain how this is different.
Ya cause that tax plan from our governor really worked out didnt it NOT
Trickle down economics is so 1980!
Whatever, I am single and middle class and my taxes are going up. I also have to deal with state taxes. Fair for who?
#ZeroTax30K #MoreTakeHomePay
As a constituent I'd like to see Cathy Mcmorris taxes. Seems like she made out really well on the Avista sale.
Can you fucking not? This plan is corporate welfare and only harms your constituents. Your goddamn CONSTITUENTS.
When will Trump actually shows his taxes?? #TaxReform
GOP tax reform is as much of a scam as GOP healthcare.
From what I have read, U r going to eliminate the itemized deductions that the middle class depend on to survive - property & state taxes,
and mortgage interest. I don't see this as tax relief! VOTE "NO" ON TAX REFORM!!The GOP wants to do NOTHING BUT TAKE FROM AMERICANS!!
Tax the rich and quit borrowing like a drunken sailor in a whorehouse.
This is not a #TaxReform document, it is a wish list that doesn't appear to t be revenue neutral so I'm not impressed. Show me a bill and then we'll talk!
Americans deserve a real President and a congress that works for all the people not just a few.
Trump giving him a big gift with elimination of Estate Tax and AMT
Corporate Tax rates not 60% > than foreign after loopholes
#BULLSHIT
If cutting corporate taxes provided jobs, we would all be employed, heck we could have two jobs the way you've been cutting taxes for them.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  
15% corp and small business rate
#Americans deserve  an #America with a stable, reliable #POTUS who doesn't shirk his duties in favor of #Nazi #Fascists...
Trying to see Trumps Taxes #Now
#PartyOfNixon 
#PartyOfTrump
#NeverForget
Help Trump bankrupt America !!!!!!
Where are those ideas in the plan?
except you can't get your lips off the corporate cock long enough to voice reasonable alternatives.
You are trying to raise taxes on the poor to give huge tax cuts to the rich. If you wanted fairer taxes you'd eliminate loopholes.
No big tax breaks for the rich!!!
Fix the AMT!  PERMANENTLY!
Too bad you guys excel at none of those things.
Way to share those talking points, Jerry
Fair 
Just like it worked in a Brownback Kansas? I'll take the extra money but my kids will be in big trouble when "conservatives" keep borrowing!
 government not only of/for the white wealthy males
Puerto Rico deserves our help. But all you care about are tax cuts for wealthy donors! Shame Senator!
#WaiveTheJonesAct  #HelpPuertoRico
Sure doesn't sound like that's what Trump has in mind, though.
No tax cut for trump and his buddies
This tax plan will do none of that and you know damn well it won't.
Make that happen without the tax break for corporations. That's $ that will never make it past the boardroom back into the economy.
HELP THE AMERICANS IN PUERTO RICO, NOW, JERRY.
