So what about Trump ?  Democracy doesn't thrive when people like him are driving the bus.   Please help start Impeachment!!
So bring a bill to floor classifing these KKK,white-supremist & others terrorists. They R no better than ISIS.
What happened in #Charlottesville was radical white supremacist terrorism. Call it what it was please.
anti-facists are not marxist communists.  what is wrong with you?
On both sides, right?  Because if you are condoning the actions of Antifa, you are condoning vigilanteism.
While I agree there is no room in USA for hate or bigotry.  We also have to disavow the hate that comes from the leftist's/Marxist/communist
It wasn't opposing group that came prepared 2 fight & used park entrances other than ones assigned. Terrorists goal is 2 incite not protest.
The left wingers are the terrorist. They have been at a fever pitch for more than a year now!
LOL.
Please take affirmative action against it, including demanding that Bannon, Miller and Gorka be fired. They & trump support these groups.
Call out the groups that support this hate. SO many of our citizens lost their lives in the 1940's fighting this evil. No forgetting.
Help us to share and donate for Greg so that people will donate for him
His seriously in need of our help.
https://www.gofundme.com/mgkdv-gregs-hsct-russia-fund …
Tsk, tsk....actions speak louder than words.
And how do you feel about Trump's defense of white supremacy and neo-nazis today, Mr. Moran?
What will you be doing to help end white nationalist terrorism? Even in our state there have been related arrests and murders. #takeaction
Is that the strongest language you've got, Jerry? You need to do better. And stop being Trump's lap dog. #countryoverparty
He's afraid of NOT being in the "good graces" of TRUMPUTIN! Ugh!
Trump needs to be CENSURED. 
Please.  From zip code 66204
Does Antifa have a place here? What about BLM and the communist orgs waving hammer and sickle flags? Do they have a place here?
Even our UN Ambassador has called out these folks by name. I know you can do it. https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1665678323463651/ …
Uh Timothy McVeigh ring a bell? It domestic terror
Look at Orin Hatch's statements. Even this multi-decades conservative gets it. Don't walk fence on something this is important.

Their tiki torches may be fueled by citronella but their ideas are fueled by hate, & have no place in civil society. https://twitter.com/aletweetsnews/status/896189794778218496 …
Kris Kobach is one of the few honorable men in politics.
So I expect you will be calling for firing of Bannon, Miller and Gorka and opposing policies (like #MuslimBan and wall)  that further hate.
When the doves cry!
I read the replies to your Twitter comment. Few citizens are impressed with the timing, the sincerity, the sufficiency, the specificity.#sad
Why would it take 48 hours for your colluding President to denounce Nazi/Klan/GOP racism?
Hateful element that exists in *Your Party*, Senator.
On all sides… Right?!
Please tell me what you're doing about your own backyard.  https://www.splcenter.org/hate-map 
The only way to back this up is to fire Nazi mascot @realDonaldTrump and his Nazi minions. Oh yeah...quit suppressing votes. #Impeach45 #GOP
And yet you won't get rid of the biggest racist sitting in the White House. Talk is cheap.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4618298/bob-dole-points-exits …
So you will be calling for the removal of Steve Brannon, Sebastian Gorka and Stephen Miller from the admin?
Please stand up for racial, LGBT, and women's rights & equality. Stop disenfranchising voters through voter suppression and gerrymandering.
@JerryMoran  Agreed!  Now waiting from Olathe to see what you will do to rid hate and racism from our White House
"Free Speech doesn't Mean Careless (or Dangerous) talk. Trump's talk is getting people killed. He incites others to do his dirty work.
Remember it wasn't just #Charlottesville it was also #olathe engineers.  Who is next victim of Trump's powerful hate talk. Truman said ...
And your guy encourages that behavior.  #Charlottesville
Putin and Alt Right are the two constants in Trump's life; what is their hold? Check his taxes NOW.
have on Trump that he is unwilling to denounce them? Same thing that Russians have? You need to find this out before it's too late.
is what this country needs. True leadership; if you don't, Trump will feel empowered to continue his hate. Also what do these groups . . .
other races/religions has made them think they are correct and have protection under trump. What are you going to do? Talk is cheap; action
And what are you doing about it? They aren't feeling need to wear hoods anymore; Trump has given them the green light. His hate talk about..
I assume you're talking about George Soros and the Democratic Party.
Radical white supremacist terrorism must be called out and stopped.
You are right on! Under the skin we are ALL the same!
Sen Jerry, the President wouldn't say their name either.
And yet you support a racist administration & racist voter suppression laws.
Ok, then please impeach or 25th amendment Trump immediately.  He promotes this evil.  Do your job!
Ok, then please impeach or 25th amendment Trump immediately.  He promotes this evil.  Do your job!
So I take it you will not be supporting @KrisKobach1787?? #ksleg
Uh, that would be a definite "no" for me. KK's agenda is clear: disenfranchise/marginalize & along the way institutionalize white privilege
I know supporting Kobach is a definite no for you! I was responding to your RT of Moran, so Twitter tagged ya :)

Yes, & POTUS said same thing you have. Perfect. The Left Wing media pile on of Trump is so wrong, on every level.
Rally people being beaten. I escaped from China for American freedom, sadly The freedom is under  by political correctness.Watching as 1989
TY for condemning H8. Now stop supporting @KrisKobach1787 @KansasSOS racist attempt to disenfranchise voters w/false vote fraud claims
I vote in Kansas Mr Moran.  Please tell me why in the UK it's terrorism but here it's not?  Is it his religion or skin color?
This "hateful element" has taken over your party, and you allowed it. You haven't spoken against it, you have voted with them. #complicit
I fully agree with you Senator Moran
It appears they do..  and your boss is on board with that.
To bad your President did not come out forcibly to denounce it. He read the script like it was a grocery list.
I think you'll find that bigotry and racism have *many* places here, Senator.  That's kind of the entire problem.
2 little, 2 late. When Srinivas Kuchibhotla was killed & 45 said nothing, I thought we were hit bottom but things have only gotten worse.
Many groups were present, and the white nationalists weren't the only violent ones. I'd defend myself if need be as well
It was terrorism, call it what it is.
White Supremacists and Neo Nazis, come on, you can say it!
Thank you for saying so out loud & thank you for holding off on the healthcare bill. Our country desperately needs level heads.
They already have a place in the White House, and the GOP doesn't seem to mind.
Appears you are a day too late.
You and your party are WHITE SUPREMACISTS  enablers!!
What element IS that Jerry? NOT NAMING them lets them hide. Not calling out your BOY enables him. You are sick.
Nazis. They are Nazis. Senator. You spit in WW2 faces when you dont call them out by name. NAZIS.
Took too long to say anything and you didn't name the groups. Shame on you.
AND......
?
.@JerryMoran Senator thanks for speaking out & speaking up against bigotry & hatred. Let's work together to unite our Nation w/ Dignity & 
You call it hate, we call it terrorism
And you are in the pocket of the president who won't condemn his supporters that do this!  Shame on you!!!
Make sure you call out Donald Trump on what you just said. He did little to condemn what happened in Charlottesville.
Thank you Senator Moran
It's also a reminder that YOU YOU YOU stood by Trump and all of GOP policies. Can't wait for you get out of Office.
then get rid of him. Before it is too late.
Stand up against this @potus @JerryMoran!! He is harming our country and GOP is enabling him!!Kansas deserves better!
The left is just as responsible as any racist group. This Alt right group has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump or #GOP #senatorMoran
Yes, the far Left and Far right racists were out. Let us be sober about race relations in the US. White Supremacists are not the only ones.
It is terrorism. Call it what it is.
Better late than never. And if this is true, I'd like to know what you are doing to help stop it.
We're expecting you to call these groups what they are, white supremacists nationalists Nazi thugs. Anything less, don't bother.
The GOP promotes RACISM, SEXISM, ANTI-LGBTQ, the GOP IS the party of BIGOTRY & PREJUDICE.
Why not pass a law that puts huge penalties on the people who show up to cause violence & on police/mayors that order stand down orders
You have a right to protest they have a right to counter protest. You do not have a right to drive a car into them if they disagree
Say what it is! White supremacy has been given power by Trump and his group of thugs! Time to clean out all the rats in the whitehouse!
It's the hateful element that exists in the base of the Republican Party, that you need to be aware of.
He knows but w/o pandering to racist @GOP base he & others would not would be elected #Charlottesville #NoKKK #NOFASCISTUSA #NotMyPresident
Neither does the rioting, destruction, and "My way or the highway" attitude that all Liberals claim to be "Protests."
This is a problem. Whenever we have problems, we don't come together to solve it. Instead we point out the flaws of others. Fix 1 at a time!
Call it what it is. White national terrorism.
And the Antifa and BLM and ... who showed up to a licenced demonstration
Hmm, how can something exist but have no place? Wishful thinking or denial?
It's amazing how many politicians keep using the phrase "it has no place in America". It obviously has a place here, that's the problem!
You, too, are too cowardly to name "that element". Does the GOP have a "hug  a #Nazi, #WhiteSupremacists & nationalist #militia platform?
What will you do to prevent further acts of terrorism by white supremacist groups?
Who had the permit ??
The President is dog whistling to these people. Stop him. You have the power. We the People gave it to you. Stand up to Trump!
You are wrong Kathy. @realDonaldTrump is for all Americans and denounced this bigotry and hate.  Frankly your comment is sick.
Bigotry and racism redrew district maps to put GOP candidates in office.
Exactly right! Same goes for the BLM and ANTIFA bunch. Well said.
Feeling a bit touchy? It's ok to feel offended for being lumped together as long as you don't hate the left so much that you make it true.
