the ACA has many good aspects to it. Instead of constantly trashing it, how about working together to make it good for ALL
Single payer is the only answer.
You don't know what you're talking about. Primary this fool, Kansas.
it's not failing, how about you start actually working to HELP Kansans, rather than wasting time on GOP fantasies.
you and the party epic FAIL,  we won't forget.
Fix it. Work to expand medicade in Kansas. Make Medicare available to all
Not looking to move. Looking to improve quality of life here for everyone.
Dear Rick. The old days will never return. Society must adjust or perish. Your ideology is yesterday, unsustainable due to imbalance of $$$.
Government needs to get out of health care.
if you would hold a town hall meeting, we could understand your vision for healthcare. Isn't that your job.
My family represents five votes. Think about that. In Kansas. In your district.
nothing good comes from hate i.e. Repeal and replace! Work to maintain and fix as any business needs maintained!
AHCA was a tax cut for the wealthy masquerading as a health care bill.    Save the EPA!
The AHCA was a travesty designed to give huge tax breaks to the wealthy.   Save the EPA!
.@JerryMoran the ACA would fail fewer Kansans if our state had expanded Medicaid. It was set up to fail Kansans by our own state government.
It failed me and Medicaid had nothing to do with it.
If I can't afford my insurance at work nor the extremely higher priced Obamacare options. I should not be penalized&fined.
change the way insurance companies run their business. THAT is the best solution for the American people.
how about COMING UP WITH AN ACTUAL PLAN? the GOP has had 7 years, but instead you've wasted time slamming the ACA. #singlepayer
Work with Dems to fix ACA. Quit obstructing.  Think of the people.
I have said it before Obamacare may not be perfect for everyone but it is sure better than what the idiots proposed FIX IT
Repeal and Replace isn't the answer. Fix what needs fixing but keep the #ACA
Never lose sight of the fact that our ultimate goal is a Medicare-for-all, single payer system. Face this reality.
Cutting money from health care and education is the opposite of returning government to the people. Do not be silent. Use your voice.
...it's almost like Republicans are completely unqualified to govern. You always seek to consolidate wealth in the wealthy.
why dont you be a big man, tell us thins in a town hall?wimp
brave.
Tell me about what you've done in the past 7 years to try to improve the ACA
Do your job. And quit weaseling about it.
improve it. Make our health care the envy of the world. Help others don't punish and scare the electorate.
#Obamacare is the answer! You GOP just don't get it! Its not perfect...fix the imperfections. Dont throw the baby out with the bath water!
Repair and improve the ACA. It should be clear now how hard and disruptive a complete replacement would be. #ProtectOurCare @Indivisible_KC
so forget the repeal and replace, time to repair
Hey @JerryMoran - hate to break it you and your buddies, but the ACA is actually working! #44 said from day one it would just need time 
please stop pandering to the wealthy.
Please look at supplemental Insurance for Medicare recipients. That along with Medicare part D is way expensive for seniors.
Maybe if you all worked together on making some needed changes to the ACA it might help.
Why don't you do something to help improve it rather than take healthcare away?
Since when did you start caring about us? Oh yeah, about 6 hours ago. Nice try, hypocrite
'Obamacare is still failing too many' so Rethugs try to fly a bill that fucks everyone (except insurance CEO's)?
Need to fix the cost of care 1st. Insurance rates are too high because of the cost of healthcare. #AHCA
Universal health care, not for-profit industry. Work for the people, Moran, not capital interests.
I'm not a registered Republican; however I voted for you to represent Kansas interest. Please remember us
and remember @realDonaldTrump 's promise of making sure EVERYONE is covered. EVERYONE means EVERYONE! #MedicareForAll
fix it responsibly, no big tax breaks for the rich. Don't leave anyone behind
like Medicare for all !? I agree , Obamacare isn't the answer . But Medicare for all, is !
I love my ACA insurance.  Allowed my husband & I to leave our jobs and start our business that is thriving and employs others.
why don't you by you address the ins companies billion $$ profits? Profiting off other people's illness is jacked up.
work to fix the problems listen to your constituents. Stop lining your pockets with lobbyists money.
ACA could be improved, but serves a critical need for millions.
Yeah, sure does suck for people to be able to acquire insurance in the first place, doesn't it?
Then make improvements to Obamacare.  We do not need a new system.
Senator, stop partisan politics and start working with Democrats to fix ACA problems and improve health care for all Americans.
why not work with Democrats to make the ACA better???? After all the ACA was built on Republican values to start out!!!!'
I need health coverage and what the Republicans have has 7 years to come up with a replacement and they cannot agree.
I encourage you to get with @SenSanders and make something good. cc @SenPatRoberts
, fix don't repeal. All major legislation is amended, not thrown out and replaced with something worse.
no it isn't. Your disillusionment thinks it does.
why not listen to Kansans?   Show us you actually listen for once or you won't have any more chances to listen
@JoCoYRs Yes - fix the #ACA without killing people! All Americans deserve healthcare- time the ins. industry steps up 2 plate!
u were just re-elected for 6 years this is the best u can do?  Comment after?
please please work to make healthcare, care for all! Meaningful healthcare is a right!
true and true.
if you have the American people in mind and not special interest. It should be a lot easier than you're asking it
we want it GONE! Now please.
fix the ACA.  Don't replace or break it.
. All involved will lose every vote in my family if you don't fix this.  DC you failed us.
ready to move to "repair" yet?
Please work with Dems this time insead of shoving this down their throats and stop Trump from threatening people. That was low!
@GOP is in shambles without leadership!  Work with the Dems and fix ACA!
you need help and I hope you get at. At least now thanks to the #ACA mental healthcare is protected.
.@JerryMoran Encourage a bipartisan effort to make the ACA better. That is where heroes will be born and recognized.
Fix it, but don't take away pre-existing condition coverage, women's health, dental, care for elderly, low income or children...
Too bad my Senator is not able to fix it.  But his first concern is that he and the top 2% get a tax cut on any medical plan.
we all agree that it needs fixed. Hope U can work across the aisle to make it better #countryoverparty #listen2yourconstituents
How about single payer?
you are right but, work with Democrats to make it better. Work with each other
Let's fix what's already there. The house bill was more akin to cutting off your nose to spite your face.
how @ taking your time & make fixes 2 make it better & quit worrying about sticking it 2 Obama by repealing it. That's a start.
If your idea of relief includes ending even more services for us, we don't want it.
OK Jerry, gotcha, congrats on supporting a failed bill. --Your Constituent
Work across party lines to fix ACA!  Country over Party
work together for once and get rid of the tea party
Obamacare has its issues, but has saved a lot of lives. I hope your plan helps people and not insurance companies.
No you need to really REPEAL the bill and REPLACE. Ryan-TrumpCare just helped the Establishment and lobbyist
SINGLE PAYER
Then why not work to fix it, instead of letting it "explode". Searching for leadership (not politics) in your party. ...
WRONG answer.
Here's a novel idea-Work with the Democrats to fix it.  You could all try to work for the American people and not the GOP.
help our country unify; president is NOT working to unify.
- Fix what we have now.  GOP plan took healthcare backwards.
I would love to see bipartisanship for repair to ACA! NOW TO Russia.
Be bold, be the voice of repeal!
funny you never commented before now
ur right it was a bad bill for people. Please work to improve healthcare.
Fix it then, don't destroy the good parts
