please set politics aside and oppose #BetsyDeVos. Our Special Education children deserve better.
have you read your feed.  I don't see anyone saying that you should vote for DeVos.   Buck up, listen to your people VOTE NO
I will pray my fellow Kansans who are in need affordable healthcare.  Please vote yes on KS health care expansion.
please listen to your constituents and KS residents. No to DeVos. No TomPrice. No Scott Pruitt.
I wish you would focus on something that actually affects our state. Get ready to lose reelection.
put politics aside and vote NO on Betsy DeVos!
I'm praying B DeVos  is NOT confirmed!
VOTE NO on DEVOSS 67215
- Interesting. We'll be praying together. I'll be praying you remember kids in KS need your leadership & NO vote on DeVos.
He failed us. It's important to mobilize against him at reelection time.
- Absolutely! Follow @Stand_Up_BV @savekansas and @ksmainstream id you don't already. @TakeBackKansas
I took the SUBV cheat sheet to the polls to oust the school board incumbents. @JerryMoran is next!
You do understand, rven the most backward Kansas voter cares about education, right? It behooves u to vote no on deVos.
I prayed you realize it's not Christian, republican, or American to deny science & strip our lands. But you pushed Pruitt thru
Now we all know what to do come election time. Bye bye
action shows prayer standup and defend if you vote for your party all the time then your not thinking for all the people
make Kansans proud again. Vote NO
Praying for Arnold Schwarzenegger Should've prayed for KS children and the lack of public education they will receive, SAD
Please tell me someome pulled POTUS aside and let him know the prayer request for better ratings was embarassing.
I am proud to! I am praying you chose to be a stand up man for Kansas and all of its children with a DeVos NO vote too!
Im praying that the GOP has a conscience and finally does the right thing. We pay your salary. Vote no Devos! Don't destroy edu!
I pray you listen to your constituents and vote NO on DeVos! I am a constituent!
for the apprentice. Is that where we are?
what about the prayers of all the people who are hoping you do the right thing and vote #noDevos
I'm very disappointed in your announcement regarding DeVos.  It's shameful that you would put partisanship before our kids
I agree
pray in private. Our government is not a place for religion. Do your job. Stop disgracing the ppl you represent. Shame on you.
Pity you guys weren't really praying for real things, but prayed for TV ratings. REALLY?
I'm praying you don't vote to confirm Betsy DeVos
how do you feel about #Trump mocking prayer at the prayer breakfast? Using prayer to mock an enemy is offensive.
I pray that you don't vote for DeVos.
politics weren't put aside though were they Senator Moran? Sad. Listen to your people. Say NO to Betsy DeVos!
Praying you vote NO on DeVos. Put politics aside and do what's right for children's education.
I'm eating breakfast and praying you'll start listening to your constituents for once #VoteNoDevos
you are known by your works we see how you vote new to this stuff but ready to join replacing him look at vote record
it is too bad that @realDonaldTrump didn't respect the solemnity of this nonpartisan event. Give thanks to god & be humble DT.
would rather u spend the time listening to what your constituents have to say.
we're going to need more than prayer if you confirm DeVos tomorrow. Please put our children first!
I guess you are ignoring your supporters and voting against their wishes LISTEN TO THEM AND VOTE NO ON DEVOS do what is right
You can be a hero to America Senator. Vote NO on DEVOS! Trump is imploding. Run.
No on DeVos. No to Bannon while we're at it.
I prayed you would remember you work for Kansans, not the Republican party and #VoteNoDevos
praying that you will actually find the religion you act like you follow. Listen to your people. They're saying no to DeVos.
I pray you vote #NotoDeVos
Billy Graham would know to follow his God given conscious and vote NO on #Devos. Does Moran have the same? #resist
I hope a prayer was said for Kansas and the aftermath that#Devos will do to education. We are in for a long ride. @KCStar
. @JerryMoran please put politics aside and vote NO on Betsy DeVos.. rock chalk!!
please vote no on DeVos! She's unqualified, hates public schools, bribed your colleagues, and plagiarized! Awful!
Devos is going to do to public education what Brownback did to the budget in your state. Do you really want to be apart of that?
time to separate church & state. No public funds should be used for religion
NO ON DEVOS. Uniquely unqualified and will be disastrous for our nation's kids.
Was praying for the @Schwarzenegger and his ratings part of the deal ?
While you are putting politics aside, do the right thing and vote against Devos's confirmation.
2/ Many won't stand up and do the right thing. I pray that God gives you the courage to stand up for our kids and our future.
I am praying that you vote no on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. Kids come before campaign contributions.
Thanks for the prayers! I'm praying you'll think about the children in Kansas and vote NO to Betsy DeVos. #dowhatsright
Just called your office and left this message: "Be a hero for Education and vote against DeVos. She is NOT GOOD FOR US."
-COME ON JERRY-the nation needs you to DO SOMETHING GOOD FOR YOUR COUNTRY! Devos is pulling your strings- vote NO
your party doesn't reelect you.  The people do.  Vote no on DeVos and listen to your constituents.
Senator, please put politics aside and vote no on DeVos.  Our children's educations are too important to risk damaging.
Sen, did you find anyone in Kansas (like, those who vote for you) who believes DeVos is qualified? Save maybe Brownback?
Pray that DeVos does not get confirmed.
Seems we were asked to pray for one of the most pressing issues - ratings of the Apprentice...grrrr  Unpresidential!
now is also a perfect time to put party politics aside and vote in the best interest of American children #NotoDeVos
, I am busy praying that you remember that you work for me and Kansas children and vote NO on DeVoss.
Did you listen to Trump's speech this AM?  Praying for the Apprentice, which he is still a prod on? #StopPresidentBannon
Enjoy your vacation...exile.
Not to mention failing to listen to your constituents....
I am praying for you to put politics aside and vote NO on DeVos because she is simply not qualified.
might have been a good idea for #PresidentBannon to put his entertainment career aside as well.
Trump is insulting the Apprentice ratings & Arnold Schwarzenegger—at the National Prayer Breakfast. 
.@JerryMoran @TIME Thanks for your post & your concern for our children.  Please free your phones?  #NoDevos
Did you pray for Arnold this morning?
Sir:We the People ask you to review the IDEA and fact Ms.DeVos doesn't know what it.is or how important. Vote No, DeVos. B brave
if you cared about Kansas you would of voted No on DeVos. You SUCK!!
please put politics aside to represent your KS constituents.  Note NO on DEVOS. KS mom of 2 here.
I am praying you don't put politics before children and #VoteNoDevos
I keep praying for a government that actually listens to its people, why don't you make that happen. no to DeVos #dumpdevos
put your wallet aside and vote what the people you represent what #dumpdevos #justsayno No to DeVos
VOTE NO to Betsy DeVos, put the people first, not politics!
pray for wisdom, you seem to be lacking lately.  #NotoDeVos
Prayer, and religion as a whole, doesn't belong in politics. What about separation of church and state?
Time to put politics aside and reject Betsy DeVos! Her nomination is purely political, given her lack of experience and $$$$$$$$
no to DeVos please
