My full statement opposing this version of BCRA:
Quit grandstanding and DO YOUR JOB. We have had enough obstructions with dems. Unite with majority or u r OUT.
Is dealing with #Dems so horrid?
Do y'all have a #monopoly on ideas? Dems know #ACA is flawed.
Did you ask for their input?
#NoBrainerNoBCRA
#MoranOut
Show of courage.
#MoranOut
Keep fighting for the people of Kansas.  Do not support the repeal!
Please do not vote for this latest version.  Your constituents don't have the LUXURY of being told what's in the bill? I beg you, vote no.
Senator, I do not often agree with you. Bit today, this time, you put Kansas and Kansans ahead of your party and I thank you.
#MoranOut
Then come up with something. It's pathetic after 8 years all Republicans have done is complain and not figured it out in the mean time. WOW
In the house you supported REPEAL *assured* of no go but now a President will sign it ... there is no excuse now!!!  REPEAL!!!
PleaseVote No #MTP!Please don't hurt people like Mike who will suffer!Caps,NoEssentialBenefits
Doubling Premiums gone preexistingConditions!
at the very least i thank you for thinking in a logical way appreciate the need to address healthcare but not completely destroy all
for a much preferred market based system.
The unfortunate reality is all Dems and many Reps support Gov. healthcare expansion. You know it's no possible to get the required support..
Jerry Moran from a KS constituent you are the MAN
WHATS UR REASON SENATOR??? WHO'S SIDE R U ON??? Certainly NOT the american people!!! Do what ur paid to do!!
Please continue to vote "NO" on any bill that cuts or puts caps on MedicAid. This little guy thanks you.
In which country did a consumer based healthcare system ever worked?
Just Repeal. You CAN do that. You have already done it in 2015!!  Keep the promises you ran on!  #RepealNow
Oh, Senator. Cancel the pride. Business as usual. Fool me once - oh, you know how it goes.
Perhaps repealing is the best! Do something! Being penalized for not paying $600 a month for ins. w/ a $6,300 deduct. is no good.  REPEAL!!!
Thank you!
You still suck Jerry
Going for the Democratic vote next election I see.
Yet you voted to repeal in 2015!  That tells me it was a phony "campaign" vote!!  Bait and Switch!  FRAUD!  #RepealNow
Get something done!!
And surely you would NEVER vote to just repeal ACA and abandon most vulnerable, right?
Promise to repeal Obamacare. Don't play politics with us. There will be consequences.
To make a difference and help us, the American people. It's outrageous and inexcusable if you all will be divided and not accomplish your
In your position so you can help the American people and represent them and be their voice and vote to repeal. Don't waste this opportunity
You all get your act together and fulfill your promise to American people, before it's too late.We are suffering from Obamacare and you were
Thank you, Senator Moran. It is heartening to see some senators work for constituents rather than party.

Thank you from one Kansan to another
But You support repeal with no replacement.
You sir are why we will not vote republican in 2018. RINOS must be exposed and voted out . Bye  bye GOP
I urge you to now vote for repeal.
Thank you for doing what's best! #HealthcareBill
Then WHY are you going to support Repeal and NOT replace? A 2 yr delay will cause massive suffering. VOTE NO! It is a stupid, spiteful idea.
Less than a day?  What's up with supporting repeal with no plan? I find it hard to believe this is what's best for KS. Keep your word!
Then you better get it figured out.
@JerryMoran.  I live in Wichita. As of 1/1/17 #uninsured. My insurance went from $439/1000 to $1988/6500. I CANNOT AFFORD.. DO SOMETHING! 
Well good news @GOP voters can no longer support you, you fraud.
Thank you for putting the people over party! Please keep it consistent. #PeopleOverParty
What reason is that, you are a COWARD? You voted to repeal when Obama was President Were you just LYING to your constituents?
Thank you! As a nurse in KS for 28 years I appreciate your support
I am so disappointed in you.
Well you better support something or you will end up with a single payer system, idiot. Learn to negotiate, you can't have it all. #MAGA
Will not vote for you 7 yrs to do something
I have always supported, Jerry even though we don't necessarily agree on all things. This decision is why - thanks for caring about Kansans!
What I see is that you would rather help the Democrats to keep Obamacare just so that people notice you. How sad.
Learn from the Dems to stick together, only thing they do http://well.You  had 7 years to come up w/new health bill !!!!
Stand strong. We're counting on you. I think many of your Republican colleagues think that we can't hear or see for ourselves.
Yessssss you've brought us all hope
Small business owner in Kansas I use ACA it is great thank you
Thank you!!!!! 
A show of courage and good heartland values. Thank you!
But you will vote to repeal and replace in two years. I take back my "thank you." You are still the uncaring jerk I thought you were.
Thank you for standing with your constituents and not party!!!
It's a health nobody cares bill. Thank you, @JerryMoran.
Thank you!! @JerryMoran for using common sense and representing your Kansas constituents on this issue
Thank you for rejecting this bill and everything it would take away! In the mess that is KS right now, you are a blessing today.
Finally a reason to support you! Thank you for standing up!
#FullRepealNow
@JerryMoran I hope your conscience will at least allow you to vote for pure repeal. If not, may I ask what you all DO plan to accomplish?!
Thank you, Senator Moran. Let the free market take care of health insurance and health care. Hospitals should compete.
Actual House of Cards Moment
Good man Jerry - now maybe we can get a real health care plan worked out that will work in the best interests of all people.
Thank you for your Kanas common sense rejection of the 'mean' alternative to the  ACA
Thank you senator.
Thank you Senator. This is a great opportunity for you to lead the way to compromise with Dems. Show the country it can be done. No repeal.
Thank you for finally stepping up for your constituents!
Couple yrs ago u voted to repeal/replace u knew Obama would overrule. Now, knowing Trump supports repeal u vote against it.Very disappointed

Forget what I said..your a schmuck if you repeal aca
I'm proud to have you as a congressman
great job listening to the people, jerry!  Republicans AND Democrats need more people like you in congress!
Yet you support having no healthcare bill whatsoever. It's unconscionable, Senator.
Good Let Obamacare die!! Was scam of the century to begin with
When all the people thanking you are democrats you should start to understand the problem!So pissed off the GOP can't be united but Dems can
Personally I trust the other 40 something republicans who think this is a good bill. If u think Dems will ever work with u, u r dreaming.
63 million Americans voted to get a new healthcare bill, and you and your friend Mike Lee are standing in the way of that. Congratulations
Thank you Senator. Takes courage during this crazy time to step up and do the right thing. please vote no on Repeal and Make a Plan Later.
Can't pass health care now going to.destroy medicaid and Medicare vendictive mc connel bastrsrf
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
If u go home w/o passing a bill - any bill - u should stay there. Ur need to have things ur way instead of compromising is hurting us.
Lost my vote. Get on board with Trump & those who elected him and the people in Kansas who elected you and donated to your campaign like me!
GOP Death Panel! Evil.
Yes @JerryMoran! Thank you for listening to some of the Kansans speaking out against this bill!
then wtf are you doing supporting a repeal with no replacement?
And we cannot support you either. Quit
Now to Repeal ACA!!!!! Then look to free Market solutions and for states to help low income and fragile population with responsible choices
Ur 'NO' vote guarantees Dem majority in 2018 & start of Nationalized hlthcr, but u don't care cause u will still have ins Cong provides 4 u.
Thank you for being a Hero today!
I hope this sparks constructive bipartisan work on improving ACA. Look at the root of the problems and solve them. #fairforALL
He wants to repeal the ACA
Thank you!
When did @JerryMoran become a democrat?
Thank you, Senator Moran!
Hey, look! You do have a backbone!
Thank you for saying no! I hope you also say no to repeal. Don't punish the citizens for what the Senate can't fix.
If you are not going to support the BCRA, you must work diligently for full repeal though that seems unlikely at this point.
Thanks for your courage in listening to your constituents and taking right action, pls let other senators know they can do that too!
Then what? U have had yrs 2 present a great plan! U all R a pathetic republican majority who can't govern? Get UR together & work w/@POTUS!
You promised us you would Repeal or Replace #ObamaCare
Apparently Politicians don't keep their Promises.
Thank you Senator Moran for representing Kansas voters.
Just pass the bill. You can tweak it later. Do the job you were elected to do.
Governance in the SHOULD BE about compromise between parties, not donors, not self-interest, not ideology above country.  Thank you.
Why don't one reporter ask McConnell or Ryan. The reason for the collapse of Obamacare is because they refuse to fund it, please just one
Country > party   Thank you for doing the right thing
Thank you so much, Jerry. Thanks for putting people over party.
Urge you to also vote no on the #repeal motion. This will be just as devastating as the bill you just voted against. Thank you
Thank you for finally growing a spine.  Now let's work on the changes do ocare that are needed for it to flourish.
Bottom line is you said you would repeal it now you won't vote to do so. Now we will vote you out. We won't forget. #MAGA
Thank you @JerryMoran for thinking of the people of Kansas. From a lifelong democrat, I will remember this when voting. You care & it shows!
You will not get perfection, you will not get what you want so you should get what you CAN and continue to improve!
Thank you, Sen. Moran! My family's on #ACA due to husband's early Alzheimers in his 50s; I'm selfemployed, 2 kids. ACA=godsend. Dont repeal!
Thank you for being a decent human being.
Thank you!
They better not repeal ACA until they have a replacement #HealthcareBill or a fix . Otherwise there will be backlash against Republicans.
Thank you!!
Spoken like a  Democrat.
Thank you!
Totally serious , please look here for guidance/ideas. We deserve better care.
Ur 'NO' vote hurts millions losing ins cause can no longer afford it, & guarantees GOP loses majority in 2018 & Pres in 2020. Happy now?
Thank you!
Easy for you to vote 'NO' when you are not losing your insurance cause you can no longer afford it. Try thinking about 'We The People'.
Thanks for taking a stand!
.@JerryMoran  But do you support McConnell's hateful plan to simply REPEAL and leave 23mj Americans with NO insurance?
THANK YOU for your consideration on this most important bill!
Thank you Senator Moran.
Thank you Sen. Moran for listening to your constitutents and doing what is right to protect the health of Kansans.
Thank you Sen. Moran for recognizing this plan does not improve health for Kansans
Thank you!
Thank you from all of us who need health care.
RINO!!!!
Thank you Senator Moran for standing up for Kansas! Please keep fighting!
As a lifelong Kansan, I thank you Senator Moran!  Caps and Cuts of Medicaid have nothing to do with the ACA debate. #ProtectMedicaid
Thank you.
THANK YOU!!!!
Thanks Jerry. #dotherightthing
God bless you senator. You want to know what a great healthcare plan is? Just look at your at all government employees. They have a good one
Thank you for looking out for Kansas hospitals and citizens Senator Moran!
Thank you for your the courage! As a Mom of an ASD Son I was worried about this bill. Now let's lead the charge to a new bipartisan effort!
🖒
ZERO R's supported 1st BS breath tax bill - w 100% Lib vote. #LetItDie - Introduce hi risk pools. *LEAVE REST OF US ALONE!
Please repeal & replace!
Thank you for putting America before party. I do wish, rather than repeal and replace, you would fix/ improve any deficiencies in ACA.
Heard today you saved Obamacare. Thank you, Senator!
Thank you senator. I'm proud of Kansas.
Please just repeal it!!!
Please repeal ocare now

Single payer, senator, single payer!  We are a wealthy country.  We can afford it.
For 6 years Republicans postured to repeal Obama care. Now that they can they are doing everything possible NOT to repeal!! SPINELESS!!
Thank you for having the courage to do this. Have just as much courage when asked to vote to repeal the ACA with no replacement.
Thank you
THANK YOU! From Kansas!
Nice knowing you.  Next election you can officially retire.
Thanks for having the courage to stand up for KS. Now vote against repeal. Sadly our VA Senator representing KS didn't.
Now how about both Dem & Rep get there act together and work on fixing ACA, you've got a good start you know what's wrong and (1
what needs to be fixed. So roll up your sleeves and get to work.
Thank you Senator @JerryMoran for stepping up for the people by the people
Good job, senator.
8 years and you blew it. Start your own  party, you hurt trying to get things done worse than democrats. Thanks for the high premiums.
Thank you, Sen.Moran for hearing our voices...and caring.
Thank you! You're on the right side of history. Don't go down w/ this sinking ship! You saved lives by standing up to horrible TrumpCare!
Repealing Obamacare is moronic when you could just fix the problems with it.
Thank you for stepping forward.
What a relief! Thank you for not being a blind follower. Critical thinking is a wonderful thing!
Thank you for thoughtfully looking at this and not holding party line. Kansas depends on you!! #HealthcareBill
would you please talk with @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander they won't listen to TN, please help them hear us! Thank you, sir
Thank you for standing up and listening to your constituents. Finally some action showing at least some of our democratic system is intact.
Thank you, Senator @JerryMoran Moran! Now let's look at what works in American health-care. Maybe Medicare for all?!
This Kansan thanks you.
Thank you! GOP promised  BETTER, CHEAPER than Obamacare so you need no  life caps, cover preexisting and even more than the ACA offers!
Thank you again for demonstrating why you're the only Republican I've ever voted for.
Congrats on being halfway decent. Now rework that phrase 'devolve into single-payer' and you're on track. There must be a public option.
#Repeal let Obamacare die! This hangs on democrats and globalist. Start looking for another job. #MAGA 
Thank you!
Let this bill die, Senator! Kansas cannot afford it!
You've had 8+years. You should be ASHAMED to VOTE "NO". No excuse.
Thank you for not supporting a bad bill just for the sake of repeal.
Thank you!  This is what it looks like when we put country before party.  That bill was not good for KS or USA.  #courage #Trumpcare
Having read your full statement,  I don't support your reasons,  but i do support your decision.
How brave to do this after it's announced. Lolol
Thank you,  thank you, Senator  Moran
