This is doing nothing to deal with the issue. Words are empty. Pass gun control.
the cabinet of @POTUS is the law making team of what this guy just did. They use policy and denial are their weapon.
I emailed you a while back on @POTUS cabinet nominations. Don't you see how this guy is spreading hate and hiding behind Obama.
My question is will you speak publicly with the President about tempering his harmful rhetoric in light of these shootings
So @JerryMoran Rep Senator;  What are you really going to do to help end xenophobia?  Back hate spitting xenophobic republicans in the WH?
.@JerryMoran Considering your party and policies, I sincerely doubt this is anything but political posturing!
then show some courage & humanity and stand up to your party's white nationalism movement. Stand up to Trump & his cronies.
Senator Moran... We need to hear from you in a town hall! You can't unify America if you can't meet
I learned today that a bill was brought to the floor to defund planned parenthood. Please do Not defund!
U r right, not nature of KS. When will u c this IS the the nature of some #Trump supporters? BHO, George W, did not have this!
It's a tragedy & your words appreciated. But show us action. Suspect said "get out of my country". Stand against the Travel Ban.
criminal killed him just because  he was immigrant. Its proved that Donald policies are working!
you need to stop your support of Trump, why has he said nothing on twitter or elsewhere about the murder in Olathe? Sickening!
so, now take action in DC: gun control.. and stand up against the message of hate our leader campaigned on.
thank you, now please insist that Trump speaks out against hate and intolerance.
Hypocrite.
- Your prayers and kind words are good. But hats something any of us can do. As a SENATOR you can do more. What will you DO?!
You need to stand up to the NRA and put some real gun restrictions on the books.
these teaching had better stop or you ain't seen nothing yet and there isn't enough security in the world going to stop it
Thank you, but take a step further and get GOP to unify against Trump's hate. Case in point: immigration policies and rhetoric.
Why won't you stand up to our president when he uses xenophobic and prejudiced rheortic? Do better Mr. Moran. People are dying.
GOP now openly wet nurse for dukes bigots Bannon etal. Not tragedy not accident. Croc tears to hide history hatred opportunism
Call it what it is, Senator @JerryMoran : terrorism.
radical christian terrorism come on jerry say it
stand up a tell these terrorist that the teachings of the white house are wrong let the children of kansas know it is wrong
there needs to be something said by leaders in kansas you need to get out there and tell us what YOU intend to do to end this
..actions.  Denounce the hate rhetoric being propagated by @POTUS.  Show us you mean what you say by taking action in Congress
This is a good start, but your constituents want to see more from you.  Words mean little when they are not followed up with...
.@JerryMoran They feel emboldened by this administration. These were found in Lee's Summit. You need to stand against Trump.
you don't now get to offer platitudes when you helped create the problem with rhetoric.
this has angered me to the core and the anger will only be worse if congressional leaders do nothing to stop it NOW
hell we all condemn it now we need someone maybe a leader to stand up and stop the teachings from this white house NOW
thank you for condemning such hate.  No family should have to endure such pain and senselessness.
Your parties platform is xenophobia and prejudice
Last year in western Kansas against Somalis by WHITES. Now this. DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT MADMAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE. STOP HIM.
Tell this to Trump. His minions are just doing his bidding. You're a Republican, PUT A STOP TO THE MADMAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
Trump and Bannon have promoted this behaviour - What are you going to do about them sir?
Hypocritical! You stand silent on Xenophobia when you supported Trump and now this hollow statement to Indians ..#Disappointed
Strictest action must be taken, else American society is in danger of degenerating away-no different from ISIS
Just because a white man did it... otherwise U would say this is 'terrorism'
You voted to give guns back to the mentally ill. Trump is the motivator of these hate crimes. Blood on both your hands.
you know how we prevent stuff like this? Properly funding & educating our children so they don't become bigoted violent heathens
actions speak louder than words. You get a vote, remember.
What can we do in KS to minimize the threat posed by armed, mentally ill, WHITE men who attack and kill in public places in KS?
someone needs to reject the teachings of trump shut him down he is the reason for a lot of the violence those that follow same
this type of violence is in part brought on by the teachings of your white house there needs to be someone to say enough
You can thank the @realDonaldTrump Administration for creating situations like that.The GOP stands w/party won't stand w/ us DYJ
From Gabby Giffords
I feel your support of this administration is what allowed this incident. You don't get to condemn it. You are responsible.
Then opposed the hater in chief. You must weigh every vote in the framework of is the sole purpose of this to promote hate?
C'mon, Jerry.  I believe you want to be a good man.  Please trust Kansans to have your back if you step out against your party.
Now, take one more step in the right direction and stop tacitly supporting the prejudiced, xenophobic bigot in the White House.
trump endorses such bigotry.  How can you justify supporting him in any way?
exactly!! did you heard that?
You know, it ain't perfect, but points for saying "Xenophobia" and not calling it a tragedy.  "Senseless" is more accurate. 
the words you are looking for are... This is an act of terrorism
We would have loved to hear this statement at the townhall you were invited to in Olathe tonight, Mr. Senator.
Can you explain why you go out of your way to use the word "xenophobia" instead of the clearer "racism"?
"Get out of my country" is plainly xenophobia. Dude was probably racist too, but Moran's not wrong on that.
oh and your town hall is happening in Olathe right now. Need directions?
supporting Potus travel ban, immigration plan and confirming Sessions makes your statement hard to believe.
Yeah, yeah, yeah--but neo-Nazi Bannon in White House is okay?? Hypocrite!!
what actions will YOU take to protect Kansans from senseless acts like this in the future?
hollow words from a coward.
You condemn terrorism? I hope history will remember how easily you roll over in the face of adversity.
I didn't hear this on the news.
I'm glad u feel that way, please show u mean those ideas by ur actions.
Yet you supported Trump's unconstitutional travel ban... Are the Refugees still more dangerous than home grown terrorists?
You NEED to do more than words. Trump's rhetoric is flaming hate; u know this. If u don't stand against him; u r at fault too.
