Please continue to oppose the health care bill. Thank you
I'm expecting you to fix healthcare for Kansans, not take it away from them.
Thanks Jerry! We have to get this "right", or at least closer to what will comfort the masses. It's such an out of control system. Thank you
Please remember what you said about putting people before Party when it becomes time to vote.
BCBS came out against the GOP health plan today. Why won't you?
We need a bipartisan plan to improve the ACA not dismantle it.
Agreed.
Please show us you are not a party hack like your counterpart @SenPatRoberts   Show us at least one of our senators puts country over party
Please oppose this healthcare bill. It is worse than previous one. Even BCBS insurance company came out against it!
Save healthcare
Please continue to oppose this harmful healthcare bill which would not be good for Kansas or the nation.
US senate promised "repeal"way before they promised "repeal and replace." I want the ACA fully repealed first and foremost.
Speak out against immoral GOP bill that will deny coverage to 22M leading ro 208,500 deaths, cut $700M from Medicaid 2 give top 1% tax cut
Stick to your word . Vote no on health care bill. And decide to hold Trump accountable for his traitorous behavior .
Have the courage of your convictions. Demand open hearings on the health reform bill.  You are absolutely right. Now do the right thing!
Tired of people wanting Gov to take care of them.  Free this, free that,  I'm tired of paying for it.  Get out of my wallet
Please oppose ANY bill that causes Kansans to lose coverage & cuts Medicaid-that includes this latest version #protectourcare #notgoodforKS
Vote NO on new healthcare bill,
What about Trump ??  He's not being honest about much of anything..  why does the GOP continue to support his destruction of Democracy?
Does this mean working with Dems and achieving bipartisan solutions? Otherwise, I don't see much of a point in hanging around D.C.
Exactly. We pay our Senators to work for the good of the people, not their party. Otherwise they shouldn't just hide in DC.
Community based #PalliativeCare must be in the new bill.   Any bill that takes coverage away from anyone is a bad bill!  #homecarenurse
Vote NO, Jerry. Remember what the people said at the town hall meeting!  (Signed) the yellow shoe guy
Keep essential benefits & dont allow lifetime caps on coverage. If you want to help, make sure of that. DONT take Medicaid away from needy!
No no no Senator. I was just starting to respect u. Do not cave to the GOP pressure & play the shell game. Take ur time & do it right
NO on ACA repeal and no on #BetterCare.  Work for us not the GOP.
Repeal ACA; need to get the bill to debate and vote
Are you representing WE THE PEOPLE or yourself? #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
Has McConnell offered you any added deals in #bcra for your vote?  Don't accept inadequate special favors in exchange for your vote! Vote no
You better remember what we the people of KS have made loud & clear: No to #TrumpCareDisaster. Fix the #ACA  Don't you cave.#PeopleOverParty
Stay strong @JerryMoran .  You are right in your assertion that Trumpcare is wrong for KS.  #DoYourJob
Native Kansan and reliable voter here: please make sure Mitch doesn't ruin ACA in August.
Team Trump knowingly conspired to collude with a foreign adversary to influence and undermine our elections #LockHimUp @Watergate2017
Healthcare needs to be dealt with.  Agree on, and pass, a healthcare bill.
@JerryMoran Don't take away healthcare from 100,000 of our fellow Kansans.
I hope that means NOT destroying healthcare.
Please continue opposing the Senate's atrocious healthcare plan.
Awesome, let's get rid of Obamacare!
The American people expect you to do your part to protect us from tyranny. #PeopleOverParty
Good. One issue down. Now, can we have your thoughts on the repeal w/ no immediate replace strategy floated today. How would this affect KS?
Please, on behalf of Kansans, continue to oppose this healthcare bill. #badforkansans
McConnell calls Dems obstructionists but I want you to work with them for health, not death, care
Like making life workable and manageable for those with chronic diseases? And their caregivers?  And their children?
Let's get hcare done and move on to tax reform!
 good one.  My guess is zero items will be accomplished.
Thank u & I hope you continue to listen to your constituents. I work full time, home owner, no ins but thru exchange. I need that help.
It would certainly be a change from hating America and her people.
As a reminder, not one person rose to speak in favor of the Senate bill. Zero.
1-Establish independent commission about Trump campaign collusion with R. 2-Help support insurance markets and do not make more uninsured
http://bit.ly/2t0hELg  Just in case you need to know the effect the Senate bill would have on Kansans. Please keep us in mind, Sen. Moran.
Sounds good as long as that doesn't mean Trump Care gets passed just so they can say the replaced it with something even worse
I support paying Congress Minimum wage w/No benefits so they can feel how it really is to be w/ the WorkingPoor of @JerryMoran
Please don't waffle on your opposition to this bill, Senator. If it's not good for Kansas...
*Translation: .@JerryMoran & GOP want to delay the August recess so they don't have to get yelled at for their deadly repeal of the #ACA.
I agree.  Please join @SenatorCollins and work across party lines to fix the healthcare law.
They had better vote for their constituents wishes instead of corporate and big pharma. Vote no!
And help you find cover to get behind a bill that will increase premiums and out-of-pocket costs for your constituents
Republicans will be voted OUT if they fail to fix healthcare.
Your work right now should be providing checks/balances on executive branch & keeping your coworkers from destroying our health care. Do it.
You all need to get on the Trump train! Repeal o-care weather you have a bill or not! Get onto tax cuts! WorkthroughAugustunless you getdone
Please continue to OPPOSE the latest health care bill. –Your Kansas Constituent
That "work" is taking away their health care.
No word on the fact that Trump's Russian collusion has been proven with a smoking gun email? Shame on you and the rest of the GOP.
When are the hearings? Are you going to push for hearings?
Get the bill done.
I hope that includes exercising the Senate's constitutional duty to act as a check on the Executive, regardless of party.
Thank you for supporting the Contract Weather Observer program and all we do to keep flying as safe as possible
Jerry why do you care now. You guys have been paid $175k + for working less than a 150 days for years. TERM LIMITS NOW.
When you say work do you mean taking 22 million Americans' health care away and turning it into $100s of billions for the rich?
Millions will lose their healthcare when ACA blows up on its own...failed plan...bad for America
@KaiserFamFound is one of the most reputable policy entities in the nation, here's what they have to say http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/?utm_campaign=KFF-2017-June-Insurer-Finances&utm_medium=email&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-9u-WsoU9jCPmPR3tUu6mgGT39WZmZ6Q3HWSbdf6vQdCksfj4O6jR8CgOP4FrkKZlTKRy_Rp9KSr4FSL5wSpiDIFPMRDQ&_hsmi=2&utm_content=2&utm_source=hs_email&hsCtaTracking=658e7d38-48ff-4626-99d7-361c5d1aa5bf%7C584a9b13-00f1-43df-ba3e-0371755e0ea4 …
The American People are telling you to keep your filthy hands off health care.  18 % approval  - what more do you need butthead ?
