Good! Thank you Senator!! I appreciate you listening to us Kansans. We want single payer for all. –Your Constituent
Then petition for it in KS. Leave the rest of us out. Not you or any citizen of the US is entitled to my wages or anyone's labor. 50% taxes
Actually, we as a majority work and pay into these social programs. We'd like those dollars to help US, not line insurance CEO's pockets.
I was responding to @dtpollitt, but he blocked me. He wants single payer. Our taxes don't go for gov run health care, except for the VA.
Sing Payer is a viable option, as the rest of civilized world shows. We outspend most countries 4 worse coverage here. Greedy insurers.
We spend more money for better results. US spends on research and develop of techniques, procedures and meds. Ins co's get bailout from ACA.
Why do I have to pay hospital bills for people who are unhealthy eaters, heavy drinkers, and smokers when I take good care of myself?
Repeal. Repeal. Repeal.
HI hope you both get primaried, so a better law is not worth trashing a disaster.  You show what it is like when amateurs are in Congress
Senator you are not serious about support repeal w/o replace. It's political suicide
#HerosNEEDEDNOW  U R safe til 2022. #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut #SaveOurRuralHospitals
Please move fast.  People are sick out here. And poor because of that so called ACA.  And please PROSECUTE Obama.
Start with just repealing ACA. Help Trump erase the crap 'legacy' former scumbag Obama left us. We can at least agree on that right?!
Thank you, Senator. Let's focus on EXPANDING Medicaid to help our rural communities, not strangling them with devastating cuts.
#MoranOut
#MoranOut

Finally !! 2 ADULTS show up for the GOP !! BRAVO  !
Senators: Vote NO on motion to proceed.  Stick to your principles!
you have abandoned your party and the American people by your arrogance
So what happened? You voted yes on the MTP. You're okay with 23-32 mil Americans losing health ins? Must be nice w/ taxpayer funded ins.
I am SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO disappointed in your vote. Please vote with the president. If you have a GOP challenger at the next election....
You know you wont be re-elected and $$$ off. Nevada now will Not have any insurance... Thanx a Bunch @AngelChivers1 whats it like in florida
NO DOCTOR TAKES MEDICAD!Ppl loose a doctor w/out notice,scramble to get care for issues currently treated ,told to go to ER or pay $250cash
wow....senator Moran you just earned my respect and my vote. For the first time in a long time I'm actually proud to live in kansas
THANK YOU!!!!
Keep your promise and not collude with another senator as cover for your no vote. That should be beneath you both. Do your job or resign
Watch it will change tomorrow Trump before country!
Thank You Senator @JerryMoran  for listening to Kansans. 
Back to BCRA. You should come out against this again. End this charade. Harm being done here by Trump destabilizing markets = rate hikes
@JerryMoran  pls protect all Americans and vote NO on Trump healthcare
.@SenMikeLee vote no on MTP; domestic equivalent of invading Iraq without a plan for occupation. http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/trumpcare-is-the-worst-designed-social-policy-in-history.html …. @Indivisible_WA8
I support your decision to vote no on #BCRA and #Repeal only #HealthcareBill!
Please vote no on MTP on repealing or replacing ACA today! It's not acceptable how nontransparent this process has been!
Thank you for representing the wishes of your constituents on this issue and having the moral backbone @RepKevinYoder didn't.
This senator didn't want to save the healthcare of constituents. He was a NO vote because the bill was  or cruel enough.
Vote No for full repeal without a replacement. We need care not chaos. Protect America's most ill. Thank you.
Not mean enough for you? Whatevah. If it kills the disastrous bill, carry on.
Too bad you wouldn't even open debate on it. Got to start some place. What a disappointment.
https://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2017-07-14/health-care-will-bankrupt-the-nation-we-need-reform-now?context=amp …
And then Obamacare can just collapse
Do your job.  You are an embarrassment to Republicans.
You need a primary challenge
Don't understand why people still want Obama care  All ins co are leaving and you have nothing  Plus in Arizona it is going up 116%
I am sure you two democrats were called everything by now so I cannot come up with anything  Except I pray you get BOOTED OUT OF OFFICE
I'm really not worried about your motives right now b/c it's been a bit since Kansan's have had something to be proud of, thank you
Dear Sirs, 1st good job. Now, Walk on the wild side, propose Medicare for all. It is not free, it is a tax.
PS. Talk to Bernie about medicare for all. Or experiment in KS do government clinics, or "health buses" staffed by nps. Create the future.
Primary spineless @JerryMoran and gutless @SenMikeLee
Best for constituents and officials to watch these two guys financial situation. Betting they just got a nice surge of cash under table
Thank you for your leadership
Great call. You are not letting people you represent suffer over phoney cover up bill. Cuts going to rich. Trump lying.
Please explain your issues with the current plan
XOXOXOXOXOXOXO
What a disappointment you two are!
wow your fired up about #Obamacare #DrainTheSwamp
Time to invite dems to cooperate in revision of ACA and to dump McConnell before he leads into repub extinction!
You're done!
Thank you, Senators!
And we know why not--the bill doesn't allow enough people to drop dead from not being able to pay for medical care.
@JerryMoran Thanks for standing up for kids,elderly,and vulnerable Americans.#DontCapMyCare
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts
Thank you.
You Senate boys need to understand. We will vote you out. Repeal. Repeal. Repeal. Wake up.
Thank you! You've saved tens of millions of Americans from the loss of heslthcare, millions from bankruptcy and thousands from death!
You and him, along with others who didn't support repeal, now own Obamacare along with the socialist that passed it!
The GOP has had all of these years to come up with a plan and they have failed us again!
This is on your head and Mike Lee's head. Do your job. You certainly aren't doing your job now. You should be embarrassed. Worthless congres
You guys deserve to loose the next elections.We,your voters, are EXTREMELY disappointed in your performance.
My #Healthcare is 3x cost of what should be. Ive had 12 brain shunts instead of 3. Who's responsible? Both @US_FDA & device mfrs for this!
Thank you
Don't know why #GOP is number crunching a #HealthcareBill when the real issue is failed #healthandsafety practices which gov is to blame!
Remember, he wants the bill to take MORE coverage away. He is not a hero. Waiting until McCain's sick to take a "brave " stand
Thank you!
Thank you! Please get it done right.
Get rid of insurance companies, form groups with dr &hospitals & pay the groups!! Save billions EFF the insurance companies that have bilked
Thank you for doing the best thing for our country and fellow men and women.
THANK YOU.
And I promise to not cast a vote for Mike Lee on his next election.

But you'd vote to repeal #ACA leaving Kansans vulnerable. #NeverRepeal
Thank you Senator Moran for putting country over party
Yes! Thank you!
Please vote to repeal Obamacare!
we are very disappointed that you failed to do your part that you all have promised for years.
Thank you for listening! I hope both parties can work together to make improvements that will help more people be healthy.
#ProfileinCourage
Thank you sir for putting Americans first, even if our president doesn't.
MTP? "McConnell Turd Pie"?
#traitor
So u voted for #RepealObamacare in 2015 but now u would vote no? So the 2015 vote was 4 show! You have no balls & it is time 2 #VoteThemOut
Then support repeal!!!
Thank you!  Overland Park, KS
You have done nothing but waste valuable time.
All of you were suppose to work together to get something done.  Regardless, you have failed to accomplish mission assigned to you.
I'm for #FullRepeal, but I'd be willing to get a little bit done at a time. What you and Mike are doing is just pathetic. #BlowsMyMind
Thanks for putting country before party
I think that this will be a viable  private enterprise Healthcare solution!  Repeal can work!
Don't repeal, repair what is broken with the current system. Everyone wins.
If your guys and @tedcruz are against the #ACA aka #Obamacare then why is some of Ted Cuz's family on it?!? #AffordableHealthCareAct
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you!
God Bless You and the USA. Trump is no Republican,he is the Trump Party & is destroying USA here & around the world
Altho. ur against #ACA TY 4voting no! TRUMP DONT CARE! He just wants 2repeal obamas work. He'll NVR knw what its like 2not have healthcare.
 thanks for not being bullied by @realDonaldTrump. Finding a bill that truly works is what We the People really want!
Great! Repeal won't work; what will is fixing #ACA & ensuring continued market stability. Work w/Dems & go down in history as principled.
Thank you both for looking past party affiliation to work with integrity for the people!
Thank you, sir for having the backbone&balls to help,even save lives,of us poor,powerless,forgotten American peons
The Republican party has had 7 YEARS, have given Congress, the Senate and WH and yet here at 6 months  NOTHING!  Maybe all ya need to go!
Fine but the excuse doesn't fly given you all have had 7 YEARS , given Congress, the Senate, and the WH.  All we see is incompetency in DC.
Thank you!! Truly!
Thank you for being rational and human!
Thank you for listening to your constituents and putting country before party! 
Thank you.
Thank you for listening to your people and not caving to demands that you repeal and replace when there is no viable replacement.
Thank you!
Congratulations you two will go down in history and failing to repeal Obamacare and making the GOP look like idiots while Dems are united
The Senate needs to sit back and take a breath so they can forge a bipartisan bill
that helps - not hurts the American people.
You could have voted to let it come to the floor for debate. You're an obstructionist like the Dems. Support @POTUS and #DitchMitch
Thank you. Now #norepeal
Thank you for doing what my own Senators would not.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
The nation thanks you.
Thank you for your principled stand, Senators!
I'm pretty - you were courageous enough to do what the rest (including Pat R.) were too scared to do: use your  and mind not party line.
Mistyped the "I'm pretty" part!!! Covfefe!!
Thank you
You overpaid jaskasses had 7+ years to get it right and you STILL couldn't get it done! We don't want single payer! We want to choose!!!
Disappointing. Truly. Shame...
NO MORE 60 VOTES...INSTEAD MAJORITY RULES
Thank you for voting no!
As a concerned American, I most sincerely thank-you.
Thank you!
Thank you! Repeal repeal repeal cant happen soon enough
Thank you.
May shock you to hear that I agree with you. Time to take a deep breath and get it right.
Way to Go ! Schumer & Dems make you look like a fool on healthcare !
THANK YOU! We need more senators that will stand up for what is right instead of voting party lines.
Thank you for standing up for us. You've shown courage not readily found in DC.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for doing the right thing, sirs.
Thanks
Thank You
Thank you Sen. Moran from Olathe!
Thank you for standing firm.
Wow.  In turmoil that is D.C. Thrilled to learn Reps act on what is best for the people.@
Thank you Senator Lee & Senator Moran. Now could you please help stop this Voter Fraud rubbish that Trump & Kobach have launched against us.
GOP death panels. When are you sending the poor, the  elderly and disabled their cyanide pills? We know you want to.
This was an act of microbipartisanship. A good sign?
Thank You !
You're a real patriot.
Thank you sir! Knew Kansas hadn't gone completely crazy!

Thank you!!!  Please lead the way to work together to improve #ACA
Thank you both for doing the right thing not only for your constituents but for millions of Americans. You both saved lives.
Thank you so much for taking a stand on this!
I thank you, and my 82 YO Mother thanks you both.
Please make sure to vote no on repeal only! It's an act of pure revenge without any benefits for constituents
Thank you for being so brave.  May you both continue to stand for what is right.
Yes but @SenMikeLee is for a repeal. Where do you stand on that? #NeverRepeal #FundACA
Thank you from Basehor.
Much respect... THANK YOU Senators Moran & Lee for actually standing for the people.
Thank you for standing up for Americans. Please work with democrats on a bipartisan healthcare bill.
As a constituent, thank you for realizing that this bill is not in the best interest of American people. This wasn't partisan. Was just bad.
Do all of you #BenedictArnolds realize? that the working class is subsidizing the #freeloaders,the premiums are killing us! @SenatorCollins
Thank God!
Do all of you #BenedictArnolds #Traitors realize? that the working class is subsidizing the #freeloaders,premiums are killing us! @RandPaul
Thank you  #FullRepeal was Promised. #KeepYourPromise  #RepealObamacare   .@SenateGOP  .@HouseGOP  .@SpeakerRyan  .@SenateMajldr
Thank you
If you want to provide poor people with care GO AFTER THE FRAUD in medicaid and medicare Plenty of money to help people instead of lobbyists
Thank you!
G
Thanks you  God bless you
Thank you for listening to Kansans.  Being from Fort Scott it means life or death.
Cuz it doesn't kill enough Americans fast enough in the name of "Freedom"?  Those regulations you deplore keep ins cos from selling junk...
As a fellow Kansan I appreciate your stand on this.
Thank you for supporting the American people that need health coverage!
Thank you.
Thank you.   On behalf of my disabled child, I beg you to not repeal unless you go to #SinglePayerNow. Google POLYMICROGYRIA.
I hope you will also not vote to support repeal without replacement, which takes healthcare away from just as many Americans.
Repealing ACA WITHOUT Replacing, after 8yrs of WHINING & doing NOTHING, is an act of desperation
Thanks Jerry
Looks like the rabbit Mitch the Bitch pulled out of his hat this time had rabies
Thank you!!!!
Thank you for putting Country over Party. You will never be sorry for demonstrating Patriotic Courage!
Look this video
