@SWChrisMC unless it is a national park, river, lake, clean air etc. All protected by policy.
and what a low view of those things indeed.
protections of land from those who would destroy it is important. Sad that that concept becomes a political football
If we view primarily through a political lens then we are missing the full majesty and understanding of those things.
for those who follow, so they can enjoy it and experience it too.
cool. :) Sounds like we're largely on the same page then.
and indeed
.@SenSasse my vote in NY counted for 1/3 of yours in NE. As a result, we will have no protection of this beauty. 

Does that not bother you?
Sir, I love America too-and I respectfully request U uphold fair&free election demand investigation on interference #DworkinReport
AhhThat's where our thinking diverges. Many beautiful things in our world are destroyed by Repubs who don't put environment 1st.
thank u, Sen, true; but hard to deviate from Trumps disgraces
cuck
nice NE vistas and a great reminder that we live In a great nation.
This doesn't look worthless to me.
Please remember that when you vote on upcoming legislation.
Certainly those Beautiful Things depend on Politics.  Without good politicians and Protectors there will be NO BEAUTIFUL THINGS
As Republicans attack our democracy, our environment and our unions, Sasse says "look the other way, it's not important." 
AMEN!!
but will they still be there tomorrow?
I thank you for standing up to #Trump & defending #JohnLewis. Although U & I disagree on a LOT, U give me hope. #Trump does not.
Well, that's just silly. Every single thing in this video is touched and affected by politics. Farm subsidies, public lands, etc.
Hey butt nuzzle. What does John Lewis' civil rights stand have to do w/ what President Trump told him.Oh, ok U wanted PC points.
excellent, but someone owes Terrence Malick some royalties.
And they are now ALL endangered. Stop #normalizing this.
This is exactly why we need you to oppose Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA. Let's protect this beautiful land. #pollutingPruitt
Who did Uvote 4Sassy Ben?Sure wasn't Trump. Did U throw URvote away on same guy Beck did? U failed 2supp the nom &can't be trusted
Yep - including our public lands and clean air! Please help safeguard them from Trump appointees!
GOP senator slams Trump: John Lewis's 'talk' changed the world. Not sure what else you believe, but thanks for this.
Nebraska this turd really does not represent u in a favorable light. RECALL this slimeball.
and ur a fucking politic playing moron.
If you accept the nomination of Scott Pruitt, you are putting our environment at risk
How much did the taxpayers pay for that windmill? T Boone Pickens lost 1 Billion on windmills. Drain the Swamp! It starts with U!
If only your stance/feelings about LGBT Americans was as kind.
Whatever happens?  You mean the destruction of democracy throughout the world & you allow it to happen.  It is crumbling quickly
Trump will allow , nay , encourage destruction of the natural US beauty.
and most of the really ugly things have to do with #republican politics
With Trump in office, much of what is beautiful in America will be corrupted, blighted, exiled, poisoned. #patriotbuthe'snotmypresident
& ALSO HAPPEN IN SPITE OF MEAN REPUBLICAN POLITICIANS WHO EXIST TO FEATHER THEIR OWN NESTS AND NO ONE ELSE'S & MAKE LIFE MISERABLE
politics is Ugly and profane.  Anything but the Trump family Are Beautiful.
gosh you're willfully ignorant or grossly misinformed... But your anti-intellectual & blind or supportive of white nationalists
Kind of true, except the GOP's policies threaten to destroy all that beauty that has nothing to do with politics.
Am I being overly concerned about this?
You've been busy killing health care for 30 million, killing 3.5 health care jobs,voting for drug companies ( Ching Ching!)
Do you intend to PROTECT this beauty? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2016/12/27/scientists-just-ran-the-numbers-on-how-much-trump-could-damage-the-planet/?utm_term=.fce819168c98 …
if u take away healthcare from millions they will not b alive 2 enjoy the view. i pay 4 your healthcare. u vote to take mine away.
AMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!
@SenBobCorker U must read.
Pretty pictures. Of course you'll give the power to the corporations to destroy it for profit. amiright?
So, farms, clean water, wind power, National Monuments, nothing to do with politics? I do hope you're not THAT clueless about your job.
WE are watching you! Executive orders used when Congress is on extended vacations while  people are In crisis!
Let's not denigrate the Executive Actions by this @POTUS since the GOP led Congress has abdicated their responsibilities so often
America is. Beautiful especially when Congress works with the President!
scarily ignorant if u think politics doesnt affect this? Fracking, ground, air & water pollution only prevented through politics..
.@SenSasse No. Most of these beautiful American scenes have MUCH to do with politics --since they are protected by @EPA, National Parks etc
Right, but all of the really ugly things do. #NoEthicsNoHearings #ResistTrump
does that mean you will fight to protect our national lands from being sold or privatized? Nothing better than a national park.
ok great.  Then go live in the woods.  You are a SENATOR.  #FOCUS man!
I disagree Sen. Sasse. Drilling, pipeline, wildlife and environmental preservation have all become political issues.
I guess if we are all sick we won't be able to enjoy the beauty! No repeal wo Replace!
please be cautious with repeal of Obamacare. Complex issue requires thoughtful solutions not political ping pong
Obamacare sucks from last year to this year my stepfather a minimum wage worker went from paying $150 to $779 a month it's killer
Please keep thinking about our country and not only GOP.  The people need you and other reasonable senators.
Have everything to do with politics!

They can be destroyed, decimated, scorched.....
Please don't vote 4 Tillerson. Conflict of interest, friend of Putin, won't sanction Russia 4 interference....
the evil in America is all to do with politics and tyranny of BOTH corrupt parties! Freedom is our beauty!
If you care about the beauty of our country, you must take a stand against the nomination of Scott Pruitt!
NO 1 CAN 'ENJOY BEAUTIFUL THINGS RE USA AFTER THEY DIE FRM YR POLICIES U PSYCHOPATH!
thanks for the encouragement. Trump depresses me
that's exactly right - so cherish this environment and keep it out of the hands of those who would cash in on it.
does this mean you will defend and project our environment including keeping our national parks sacred?
I guess so, but that non-political beauty can't be enjoyed by many when their civil rights are shat on, ya know?
So who did you vote for?
Or traitorous politicians like u Ben.  U will pay 4 ur hypocrisy.  Say bye to the Senate & GOP.  Excommunication has begun.
I'm not American but your country is indeed so beautiful.
.@SenSasse Earth, too.
If you are true to your words, you should encourage your electors to be faithless voters & choose the popular vote winner.
just like the ordered glory of a small Morotai farmer's memorial trees: http://www.austral-indonesia.com/an_avenue_of_honor.html … Douglas MacArthur spent time there
As long as we continue to protect our environment and not repeal years important environmental regulations
A beautiful part of living outside Nebraska is knowing that Ben's Ass is not my Senator. Out of touch opportunist just plain wrong
are you going to resign?
@katnandu can't wait till you need something
Oh, brother. Just shut up.
what your next Career move? Si
thank you for the steady hand and common sense.
Now it's up to men like you to hold Trump accountable to his campaign promises. We need you now more than ever.
.@SenSasse @BenSasse
Have so little faith in my country anymore. As a R woman who fought 4the GOP my entire adult life feel unforgivably betrayed.
Get ready to take orders from ur brand new BOSS!  President Trump. Get it done.
@BenSasse fu
Yeah, but the @realDonaldTrump victory is a beautiful FU to political correctness and the corrupt establishment!  #draintheswamp
thanks for being such a classy guy Senator.
Lol lol bye felicia
@BenSasse ALL*
I'm not sure the Keep Nebraska for Nebraskans Committee would approve this message.
you're just awful

Wrote in your name this year on my NC ballot. Hoping that I can bubble it in next time as the R nominee in 2020.
I did the same in Virginia.
when will you set@up a committee and/or announce for 2020?
Please don't encourage this preening peacock Sassy Ben 2run.He ruined his chances when he turned his back on his party
Thank you for the great video and sound track w scenes from my home state of Nebraska. The best parts are its citizens!
But much of the ugliness has to do with politics....
term limits would be a beautiful thing
“most” is an understatement
@BenSasse Amen.
@BenSasse Thank you, Senator!
And all the best things about America have nothing to do with you. #MAGA
@acoyne So.... No people?
Drones? @SenSasse @acoyne
@mirandadevine 
Gorgeous thing to wake up to.
Thanks
that is great Senator but the fact that a country of 320m+ people offers up @realDonaldTrump & @HillaryClinton is a DISGRACE
Thank you!
@ShaggyKC but politics of BIG GOV by both horrid parties make living in America hard & ugly!
We have to be responsible politically, but what we do outside of politics can be even more important.
Though I'm a Dem I really like you.   You remind me of your Uncle Gary.  Same principles.  Good men.
My Dad was born and raised in Crawford, NE and died in Sidney, NE.  He loved it there.
Thanks Mr. Senator
I am so upset of not enough senators did not get behind trump
you better be paying attention if Hillary wins , get ready to find what she does that is impeachable in office & work impeach her
@BenSasse or wind energy. ;) It's a nice video.
@BenSasse spoken like a man not on the ballot this cycle :)
thanks Ben for sending this calming video on a day that it is needed - God Bless Nebraska, it is beautiful
Like Ohio State Football.
but they have A LOT to do with flyover country.
@BenSasse agree! Now PLEASE run for POTUS
Wrote you in on my FL ballot today. Stay strong!
Perfect timing, Senator. Bravo.
But most of the really awful things do.
Oh sheesh...
Right on.
but politicians can screw it up
hang onto this sentiment when you run!
amen to that
@GOP Thanks for the reminder. I would like to keep them that way. That's why I am #NotWithHer #TrumpPence16
Indeed. Thanks for the perspective on this strange day in American political history.
