If we were an economic superpower we would be in TPP now China is that superpower BC of your stupid president
There were things that I thought were terrible about TPP, but you’re also, simply, correct.
Yeah cause it's worked SOOOO well against North Korea over the last 20+ years. Bet the starved North Koreans would beg to differ, @SenSasse.
Please do everything in your power to get the president to stop stoking what has turned into an NK war declaration.
Please vote yes #GrahamCassidy
How are we an economic superpower if we can't even give healthcare to all of our citizens, education, and improve infrastructure?
What about gun reform!? We need to stop allowing gun crazed indivduals from killing innocent people! Close the gun purchase loopholes!
You have 5 1/2 yrs in Senate-yet you will not stand up on G-C!! Will the others guys not let you sit w/them at lunch if you vote no?
No question about that, but critical health care issue is THIS WEEK. Where do you stand?
Hey! Job opening at UNL! Eichorst is out!
Why would you wish that on UNL?
I would see it as an improvement.
Surely we could do better.
Even Ben Sasse would be better than Eichorst.
Co-sponsored by Sasse and enacted as the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015, shifts the burden of persuasion away from President @POTUS and onto opponents of the Iran deal, thus making the deal virtually impossible to stop or undo. 

Read more at:
Ben, no matter what you say, no matter what you do. you'll NEVER wash the Trump stain off of you.
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #GOPForPutin #GOPForKKK #TrumpTaxScam
We warned you! And we're not done yet. Just getting started. http://amp.usatoday.com/story/705444001/ …
Sasse enables #Trump.
The military serve under the #UCMJ to protect and defend the #Contitution. Don't let #DraftDodger Trump tell you otherwise!
U know Trump will order an attack on Korea if U & GOP don't decisively get rid of him. Then what good is your majority? DO IT.
We are a long term net debtor nation which has spent 5 generations of blood and treasure on questionable wars far from our borders.
Show some back bone Sen Sasse. Disappointed in how you go lock step with the craziness of Trump and Cassidy/Graham
I pray ur note voting NO for that Cassidy-graham bill. u may be the conservatives last hope.All others are #trump sycophants #TrumpIsAnIdiot
The Mandate  is unacceptable as the insurance is too expensive and deductibles are too high. Access to healthcare does not eaual coverage.
So what will you do on Free Press? Its Broken, Truth and Political Agenda cloud Information with Propaganda spewing networks responsible for
We are in a Constitutional Crisis and No One Is Talking About it please be A leader and stop following or our super power will not be.
Our Nation is under attack with fires and floods and the political leadership because of the power struggle for corruption must stop!
Its almost like California was Arson from one of our enemies like NK or Isis and the Hurricanes can be seeded are we on top of these issues?
Nothing on healthcare? @KETV Said you were upset and actually released a statement. I will check your personal twitter address @BenSasse
Time for our country to be led by a man of intelligence and vision
None of which are GOP.
We sacrifice and have less rights under #UCMJ to protect the civilian's rights to PROTEST and exercise #FirstAmendment!
You should step down u flake
Senator Sasse, it seems to me that Trump is goading North Korea via Twitter. Do you think this is wise?
Special you should have done that in January ,oh wait you should have done that years ago
FU sasse!  Who the Hell so you work for? Russian Banks? Ben votes Yes for Benczkowski a Russian bank lawyer
And your leader is a bully taunting a madman, making him a madman, while GOP sits quietly by, afraid of tweets
"Ben Sasse is the epitome of all-talk/no-action. The media should stop treating him as a serious person. GOP hack." Bruce Bartlett
While you take health care away from people which will cause their death.
Appreciate ur position. But who is going to take action to shut Trump up? He acts like a demented 6th grader. Terrifying. Do something!!

Empathic read for anyone w/pre-existing...we all cried.
https://twitter.com/oz62/status/911284350674759680 …
An example of the "fiscal conservative" GOP...
Sec. Tom Price Spent $300K So Far On Private Jet Charters #FirePrice

http://crooksandliars.com/2017/09/hhs-sec-tom-price-living-high-life …
Thoughts?
If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score, never call yourself conservative again. You are a dangerous radical.
Sen. Sasse, whats your vote? A little blood money now for a yes vote, or looking at the face of a child who lived because you voted no?
We're such an economic superpower yet we can't avoid the financial disaster coming w/Trumpcare3.0?
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare

#ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #VoteNo http://hill.cm/h25skCt 
That is all fine and dandy but this NE voter wants to know what you are going to do to stop this health care fiasco.  Write a report on that
Address Obamacare and taxes.
Benny will u bend over for your Koch owners to collect U'r pieces of Judas silver or vote to save American lives n vote NO on GOP ins. joke
We do know that.
At least Kim Jong-un isn't trying to rip away health insurance from millions of Americans...he has at least that going for him.
more 
You are mistaken about North Korea. They will eat dirt, if needed. Stop viewing the world through such a narrow lens.
should superpowers be borrowing money to pay their bills?
That’s great, but health care appears to be the next big thing for you Senators. Any statements, or just the usual silence/party line vote?
Yeah thanks to a great Pres Trump. He may not be PC but he gets the message across. You should stop your hate & work with him for us
honestly, I've never seen this senator be a part of an important initiative for american ppl, he just gives opinion on things others do
We can find the $700 for the military but not the funds for safe water in Flint.
Do sanctions work to change a leader's actions or do they only serve to hurt the nation's people? Are they actually effective?
Lol
Tell it to someone who thought the same thing 20 years ago, where r We today.  U should go talk to Kim, he may listen to
Great response.
You're not representing us, Senator.  U ignore the elephant in the room every time you speak/post.  NO ON TRUMPCARE3.0!  Hear us!
What about a statement on why you are voting yes on this horrible, soulless, disgusting health care bill?  That is what I care about ...
Cap't Obvious makes same statement thats been made for decades when sanctions are applied. Whoopie
#RepealACA Obamacare Is killing us!
#SaveACA #Obamacare
Solid. We're big fans.
