He may be brilliant and a gentleman but his selection was stolen from President Obama. That was a true crime. GOP must be ashamed
Are the Dems ashamed of when they did it? Get the hell out of here!
but they didn't do it...
it's simple, we don't care what the irrelevant dems think. #gonuclear
we could all literally nap right now and still get him confirmed lol. #gonuclear
Cool, where was your push for a vote on Judge Garland?
The decision not to amounted to a rejection without humiliation, but please, continue to whine....
So a different opinion is hate? Your hyperbolic hysteria is what makes it easy to dismiss you out of hand.
And you take it as hate. I don't hate people, but some policies of the left are beneath contempt.
 that's friggin' laughable!!!
Thank you!
@BenSasse too bad you guys stole it from Merrick.  Your party and your party led to potential gridlock over this.
Merrick wasn't getting confirmed in a Rep majority senate.  Hearing or not.
Then why didn't you hold a hearing on Merrick Garland?
he wasn't getting confirmed.  They saved him the humiliation.
Gorsuch's chosen yearbook quote: "The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer" -Henry Kissinger
Hypocrite!  Where were you during the obstruction? Did you speak out then? #MerrickGarland
You know who else that describes, @SenSasse? Merrick Garland, Obama's Supreme Court pick, whom you helped block for A YEAR!
@jaketapper no argument from me. Good judge
@jaketapper So was/is Merrick Garland.
indeed!
Nonsense is stating someone will be stating that someone kicks puppies.  No to Gorsuch and No to DeVos -Nebraska Voter
That didn't matter for Garland. Why should it matter for this guy? #resist
So was Merrick Garland. Partisan extremists stole this seat from Pres. Obama. GOP behaves  like rules don't apply.
Remember you are really the minority of opinion on many of the major issues. Overturn important precedents and see where it goes!!
So is Judge Garland
Yeah so was Merrick Garland, you hypocrite. You lost my vote for good.
Could not agree more! Truly excited to see Gorsuch nominated!
@SenateRPC No Gorsuch No Devos #pressOn
were you even willing to meet with Garland? No! You speak garbage on CNN about "civics".
as was #merrickgarland NO COURTESY BY THE GOP SENATE WAS AFFORDED HIM #SHAMESHAME ON ALL OF YOU
Go sit down. You wouldn't give Merrick the mere courtesy of a hearing. Nope.
so is Garland.
suddenly it's time to be adults; didn't hear you suggesting such when your party bombed #MerrickGarland #filibuster
so was Merrick Garland. Where were you then? Just another hypocrite
Nebraska teachers & parents will remember that you voted against education.
not a grievance from centuries. Obamas selection was moderate and you R jokers would not give him a vote. Shame on your hypocrisy
So was Merrick Garland. At the end of the day, Mr. Sasse, you're a partisan who puts party over country.
liberal judges are bad for the country.  See what I did there?
@jaketapper if Ds take high road much longer my kid will be praying to THEIR god in school before we know it.
@jaketapper NOT about pick. The dummy Ds took the high road and gave Rs POTUS, both houses, +stole SCOTUS pick. Fuck the high road
You should have fought harder for #MerrickGarland #SCOTUSnominee
@jaketapper Whatever...so was Merrick Garland. In any case, Repubs should not be rewarded for cheating the system
@jaketapper   Grosuch is against women's rights & assisted end of life choices. One more bigoted religious zealot.
You're a weaseling hypocrite:
.@SenSasse calls Garland #SCOTUS nomination "dead on arrival." So is Sasse's credibility on Constitution http://journalstar.com/news/state-and-regional/federal-politics/sasse-obama-s-supreme-court-nominee-dead-on-arrival/article_e4a73a91-f15f-5e91-9022-826f95237ac6.html … #DoYourJob
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland.
how was Garland any different?
RESPECT FOR WOMEN'S RIGHTS & CIVIL RIGHTS? NO1
As was the last guy that GOP blocked for nearly a year....I think this is a classic "Reap what you sow"
.@SenSasse checked and balanced like going frwd by suspending Cmmty rules to let trump have his way... I call BS!!
So is Garland. Don't hate the tactics Republicans used when they get thrown back in your face. Turn about is fair play.
What civics lesson was taught to our kids when you and your colleagues refused to give Garland a hearing?
@jaketapper you know who else was highly regarded w distinguished service? -- Merrick Garland.
Yes, please do not act self righteous at this time. The GOP should be ashamed of itself not acknowledging the hypocrisy.
Respect for the law once meant Japanese interment.  Oddly enough, supported by G's favorite Justice.   Also, does he hate gays?
Wow Ben. Imagine if we listed to you #NeverTrump maniacs. Thank god we ignore you. GET WITH THE PROGRAM
@jaketapper No, he's a typical right wing nut job, he just cleans up well. Should have confirmed Garland.  Reap what you sow.
So far every generalized point Reps are making for Grouch were also applicable for Garland, i.e. bipartisan support
What else would you expect from someone who views the Constitution as Flawed Document!
@jaketapper ur press release is a joke If u think our senator will vote for a SCOTUS Judge with the beliefs of this man ur crzy.
@jaketapper Yet he lacked the honor not to steal this seat
@jaketapper no he's not
@jaketapper sounds a lot like what everyone says about Merrick Garland
So was Merrick Garland. How's that hypocrisy working out for you?
@jaketapper then Garland should have received a vote.Time for Dems to put on their big girl pants #representtheirconstituents
@JessicaGG25 does he believe a president can be impeached for incompetence
@JessicaGG25 what is his view on the second amendment and people's right to liberty vs government power grabs
. Why didn't you gave the chance to Garland? He had many accomplishments also, but no, party over country for you
@jaketapper The voters should really have a chance to weigh in on this. Better hold off until after the election.
@jaketapper So is Merrick Garland.
@jaketapper Ben I like you, don't agree much but like you, but c'mon, after the crap your side pulled with Garland ..hypocrisy
@jaketapper Doesn't Scotus sound a little like a body part?
@jaketapper which would be fine except for the way your party treated Garland.
May the name Merrick Garland haunt you in your old age as you look back at your political career.
@jaketapper yes, as is #MerrickGarland and both men deserve votes in the Senate. Prob: Republicans got political in 2016...
You know who else was a well-regarded jurist? Merrick Garland, who you refused to give a hearing. #hypocrite
@RAMRANTS Not the type of judge liberals what. They want a LGBTQ, black and Hispanic, women, community organizer for a nominee LOL
@jaketapper Merrick  Garland 
So is Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland ring a bell? Or because you wanted to block @POTUS44 again?
@jaketapper He's anti-women's rights; anti-LGBTQ; anti-voting rights; anti-Constitution #SCOTUSGarland
@jaketapper so is merrick garland. when does he get a vote?
Sen Sasse, you would not write that if you were a woman, have compassion and retract your statement
@jaketapper words you say only bc the current President has an "R" after his name. Americans are tired hyper partisanship.
Think you would have gotten this SCOTUS nominee if the election had turned on your vote?
@jaketapper garland
@jaketapper Sounds like he's a regular Merrick Garland.
@jaketapper To the right of Scalia is a no go.
@jaketapper he deserves the same respect that Merrick Garland was given.
he may be a great pic but the US will never get over the obstruction of Garland
So is Merrick Garland.
So is Judge Merrick Garland but you didn't really care about that, did you? #SCOTUS
Could say the same for Garland. Hypocrite.
Merrick Garland.
.@SenSasse @jaketapper So is Merrick Garland
@jaketapper This is intellectual dishonesty. The same things could have been said about Garland. If you want change be that change
Save your hypocritical BS!!! Stolen seat!!! #Repulsicans
sounds like another guy I know.
Sasse's turning Gorsuch n2 a political squable w/Shumer when its a decision that'll affect America till Gorsuchs death
@jaketapper as long as he upholds the constitution and does not band from that then I'm ok with him. Thought the same of Garland
supposed to say "bend". Sorry
@jaketapper  same could be said of judge Garland
@jaketapper #vote November 6, 2018 #Midterm2018
@jaketapper As was Merrick Garland, with whom you refused to even meet.
@jaketapper Jake come on. "There are no partisan seats on the Supreme Court"?
Wtf have they been opposing for the past year, then?
you're a party stooge. Don't pretend to be above it
Shouldn't be a partisan debate NOW is what you mean. #hypocrisy When it's a D nom.; ur happy to make it one. We can wait #resist
so was Garland, didn't worry so much then eh?
You skipped the part about him being anti-LGBT and women's rights.
@jaketapper so is Merrick Garland
Gorsuch has demonstrated a hatred of women. Women's rights are human rights.
@jaketapper  Look Cupcakes, Democrats blocked Republican nominees 10 times.  You're either human bots or uneducated. Or both.
@jaketapper What about Merrick Garland?
@jaketapper civics lesson? Like when Ores Obama offered his nominee and you said no, no nominee from you ever? Talk about hogwash
Judge Merrick Garland is the rightful SCOTUS seat. Shame on Republican congress! Petty! Repubs want to win; not serve the public
funny so was Merrick Garland
@jaketapper I will watch with great amusement as this gentleman gracefully parries with Dem "legal minds" of judiciary committee.
Where was ur push for a vote on Garland?  Gorsuch deserves the same opportunity Garland received. We can wait #resist #hypocrisy
Yes, that treatment would be TOTAL BLOCKAGE! 
@jaketapper that is a lucid and well thought out statement. Overruled...
@jaketapper just like Merrick Garland.
so is Merrick Garland, the man who should be sitting on the court today. #shitstainGOP
@jaketapper No partisan seats?  Merrick Garland
He also doesn't believe that a woman's life is more important than the life of a fetus, per the Constitution.
Please square this lofty statement with not supporting hearings for Garland nor even deigning to even meet with him.
@jaketapper damn these guys need neuro testing because they have short term memory problems!
Merrick Garland.
@jaketapper #resist
should have no problem allowing Merrick Garland a fair nom that he was denied with complete disregard to Constitution
@jaketapper It's a stolen seat and he deserves the same deference you gave to Garland.
So is Merrick Garland...
And Merrick Garland wasn't? This is silly. Pretending to forget the recent past just isn't reasonable.
@jaketapper as long as he's in favor of denying coverage for birth control, it will be a partisan issue
@jaketapper so is Merrick Garland. Do you think they deserve the same treatment?
Hogwash. Nothing terrible about Gorsuch (comparatively) except that he is batting out of order, because of GOP.
He supports "Citizens United" fyi Corporations are not ppl. If they are than prosecute them!
Pelosi said no. So what will YOU do?
yeah. Tough shit. We will resist the non President clown you support.
@jaketapper Given instability of this presidency, need to wait to make sure no impeachment or resignation
@jaketapper Just like Garland, which is why we'll block his sorry ass
So was Judge Garland
Just like you all did with Judge Garland, got it!
So is Merrick Garland.
So is Merrick Garland.  You store his seat, so sit yourself down.
he's extremely qualified and would be an outstanding addition to the court, but Dems have legit reasons to seek revenge
Are you ready to apologize to President Trump?
@BenSasse Ohhh, so was Garland
We are behind you in getting him confirmed. Keep us posted and if you need more pressure there are actually people here who care.
You probably should not have commented on this without explaining the rationale for refusing to consider Garland.
Just like Garland,Gorsuch is a respected judge. He should  receive the same type of fair & honest consideration in the Senate.
.@SenSasse @BenSasse If it's not a partisan debate, why wasn't Garland even given a hearing?
@ReaganiteGOPer But is he pro-life? What evidence is there of this?
Will you  apologize for being an outspoken #NeverTrump member who risked a SCOTUS nominee from Clinton? Nebraska is waiting...
Sasse next?
@BenSasse Wow. How cool are you as a leader to hate on over 1/2 the country. No worries, over 1/2 the country is cool too
about time you got on board with President amazing Trump
Oh really? Funny time for your respect for the rule of law to resurface.
No.
- I agree with your objectives I don't think you have much chance of convincing #DEMs. Logic is antithetical to their very being.
@BenSasse  You and your Friend  Romney "never trumpters"  need to support the administration
Ok not a Trump fan but that SCOTUS pick is fantastic. I was wrong, he did the right thing a huge win for religious liberty!
So, how did you describe Merrick Garland?  Are you just another GOP hypocrite?
.@SenSasse except that everything is politics to our 3 branches of government, to the detriment of us all, and and you know it.
What? He respects the law? Well, liberals won't want him, then.
@BenSasse you made this partisan.
https://www.google.com/amp/journalstar.com/news/state-and-regional/federal-politics/sasse-obama-s-supreme-court-nominee-dead-on-arrival/article_e4a73a91-f15f-5e91-9022-826f95237ac6.amp.html?client=ms-android-sprint-us …
@BenSasse But will he be independeny, Ben, or another Scalia? Scalia wasn't independent.
@ACUConservative Love you @SenSasse but do you think you helped Trump by opposing him so strongly. Almost got HRCs choice tonight
welcome to the Trump train.
@UnrealAllan
So was Merrick Garland and you refused to vote on him. You have no leg to stand on to say anything about the Democrats.
doesn't it feel like you're stealing this seat after refusing to confirm garland for nearly a year?
Those stupid dems have the nerve to point out anyone's past & judge them! We should examine them, plenty of corruption!
@BenSasse so do you still think Hillary was,better then Trump as you told people?
#RememberMERRICKGARLAND
GOP would not hold hearings for Garland,O won vote by 5 million. Why should Gorsuch get through when Trump LOST by 3million votes?
@BenSasse So was Garland, @SenSasse
you meant to say Merrick Garland, right?
@BenSasse of there are no Dem or Rep seats why wasn't Garland given a hearing? Why does it matter who nominates them?
Ha! If you want to teach kids about civics then vote on the nominee put forth by the sitting president at the time of the vacancy
now go and get him a hearing and get him confirmed.
@BenSasse that's a nice little Easter egg in there, sir. 
Judge Gorsuch is also a Colorado native, probably a CU Buffalo fan:)
@BenSasse Garland was fucked over, slimey. People are rising up versus corrupt GOP.
@BenSasse with only 1371 days until the the next election, shouldn't we wait to let the American people be heard?
You make me laugh. No Dem or GOP seats? Then why did Garland not even get a hearing? But to the winner go the spoils. Congrats
So was Merick Garland. So what's you point, homeboy?
Let the people vote to decide - lets see who wins in 2020.  Sound familiar?  Merrick Garland.  You broke your oath
The law is not inherently just. He has no respect for people. Seems to me that he's a sycophant to do what he's told.
@BenSasse I nominate Wapner
@BenSasse Merrick Garland
@BenSasse Stolen seat. Doesn't matter. You guys changed the rules, now it's time you played by them too.
@BenSasse Unsurprisingly, typical sad, expected character assassination of him by @NancyPelosi just now on CNN town hall.
@BenSasse so was Garland.
huh, just when I start to think, where have you gone Joe Dimaggio, I hear echos from the plains.  Did ya ever play centerfield?
@BenSasse
Every response from Dems should be just the name, "Merrick Garland."
I assume many Democrats will take that approach.
please don't be so pathetically grateful for a decent Potus move that you overlook Gorsuch problems like his love of big corps...
hypocrisy
.@SenSasse you know a piano heckler when you see one
so was Merrick Garland
he would be a good addition to Merrick Garland
Highly regarded by who?  You are your right-wing crazy Jesus freak loons maybe. Nobody else.
- which is the opposite of your President.
as is Garland
