Please, don't take away my ability to receive treatments. Don't let Cluster Headaches continue living up to its nickname. #GiveMeAChance
That sounds terrible! I suffer from migraines, I can't imagine Cluster Headaches. Keep fighting!
Thank you. I'm trying to help inform lawmakers there's a lot out there they don't understand. And I'm so sorry you have migraines.
So you are saying you know better than Founding Fathers & Constitution, Declaration of Independence?????? Go back to college!!!
I agree. Although it seems this president has little power. Liberal judges have taken it away.
If the President has so much power, why can't he get his perfect safety Treaven Ban of people from Islamic Terrorist Countries?
If Congress did its job the WH wouldn't be constantly taking more power. Ex: Congress hasn't declared war since '42, several wars ago....
Good point. As to this administration, GREAT point.
back TRUMP, or your career is over.
Ben!  I have believed in your Christian principles so far!  Keep them COMING, STAND for righteousness, #REPEALOBAMACARE, #DefundPP, UFF!
Good point, but your party president just bullied #rancidbacon into voting for his awful health care bill. Will you be bullied?
Let a new Middle East entrepreneur try to kill innocents in the East and pay the price of innocent people in the West, Condoleezza Rice
Very good. Would be more excited of msg if we did not have states that discriminate and/or pursue discriminatory/segregationist policies.
Are you against farm subsidies?
Notice he doesn't answer!
Exactly. So withholding federal funding from sanctuary cities? Bad idea. Fed-funded border wall? Bad idea. National travel ban? Bad idea.
"We the people, etc.". Thank you!
wow!!  Senator you are amazing!
Sasse 2020.

Future POTUS. Guarantee it
,
"And I wonder, still I wonder, who'll stop the rain..." ~ Creedence Clearwater Revival
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/873332916960587776 … #emoluments #integrity
JUST IN: Justice Department argues Trump can accept payments from foreign governments http://hill.cm/LQzzJK6  
SEN SASSE YOU ARE SHOWING YOUR SELF... PLEASE GET IN THERE AND HELP OUR POTUS.  HE NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT . NOT A CHARADE OF RUSSIAN COLLUSION.~
Make Article I Great Again!
Yeah, so dark money can take over states, they can pollute as much as they want & oppress the rights of workers.

Which is already happening
Exactly
Good points. Will you be denouncing @realDonaldTrump and his call congratulating @RT_Erdogan and his subversion of democracy in Turkey?
Now you're complaining that he was nice to a Nato member. There's just nothing that libs like if they're not in charge...
this idea has been disproven, decentralization of governments weakens them, weaker govt means less power internationally...weaker U.S.
Could you speak more about measures you're promoting to limit POTUS's overreaches? In what ways will you be increasing POTUS accountability?
Decentralization of major swaths of Government are bad for all..
Senators with power is a bad thing too.  Stop trying to undermine the President.  Can't wait until you get a primary challenger!
Looks like you're trying to position yourself to run for president in 2020 Sasse you can bet your ass you'll never make it to the presidency
do your job as a senator and represent us. Stop running for president.
Amen! 
When you going to give your lips a rest from kissing Trumps butt
"..a lot more diversity in the world, than consolidation of power in Washington."
Heard of  "False Dichotomy"?
I'm sorry for repeat but would love to have the Senator on my podcast. We have differing views but I respect him. Pls follow me so we can DM
You - having ANY power is a "bad thing". Represent your constituency -NOT your party. Do your job. (For a change!)
Confuses two distinct issues - you can have a decentralized state with a powerful ruler (I would argue this is normative Christian view)
An empire (like Rome) is always, by necessity, quite decentralised, yet the Emperor has very high authority.
so I host a podcast on the Sports Illustrated network. Love having non sports guests. Would the Senator consider making an appearance?
Thank you @SenSasse.  I'm @ the leader of the free world since he seems to be learning on the job. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
@jackieionescu President has so much power, the position is a seat similar to a monarch
Oh, that and you take tons of #darkmoney so you are bought and paid for by the Koch brothers.
Ben doesn't waste his time interacting about policy with constituents in meaningful ways, he's just interested in the marketing & PR aspects
2/2 Isn't that what we send you to do? Watch out for NE as a whole when decisions are made? So with your plan, Congress would not be needed?
If our 3 branches of government worked the way it was meant to, the Pres. would not have more power because of the checks and balances. 1/2
You've voted to enable President Trump with every cabinet nomination and every bill (100%, see data), yet you act like you have indy cred??
So you are against the NRA's bill in NE saying local gov can't pass gun legislation If so, say it out loud. No? #scaredofNRA #needtheirmoney
How about transparency Ben, I want to see Trumps taxes. Don't you? Do you trust that guy? How about you support a transparent government.
Why did I give 22 years of service to my country and get no benefit s till I die
@SenSasse I just want Congress to do their job. That's all I want. Haven't seen it in SO long.
I agree too. What a great idea until a demorat again absorbes an election believing their king. Then us surfs are left with nothing!
like the one we have now. #impeachTrump
Medicare for all would be a great start. But lets keep focus on N Korea & a buffoon bombing w/o Congress apprval. Investgt Russia NOW!
Then vote your belifs. A USA of 300+mil ppl requires centralizd govt poliicies in many areas. Use of ag issues oversimplifying & u know that
If congress did their job correctly potus wouldn't take so much power. Obstructionism does not equal powerful governing. Go sit down
NOLA is at the toe of the Mississippi. We get the results of environmental regs all the way up the river. Their choices are our water.
So, Californians will be thrilled! They make tons of $ compared to, say Nebraska! Better education, infrastructure, services!
I'd like to see just one of you stand up to him. I thought you had the guts to do it. Disappointed.
Well you didn't hold dt accountable, did you?!
Your party standard-bearer called to congratulate President of Turkey on some serious centralization of power.  How does that feel?
"Diferentiation." Aka: some states will recognize basic human rights while others will not.
You mean, perhaps, a president who unilaterally makes decisions to bomb other countries without consulting Congress?
Is that why you voted for the nuclear option in senate? Get off the high horse, hypocrite
we.already.know.that. how about ending bipartisanship, instead...no? cuz you'd loe YOUR job 4 sure
Preach it, Brother!!!
You keep saying this yet you don't criticize your party or the Republican President. Only Democrats.
nope
Do you support AG Petersen's efforts to sue the state of colorado over their marijuana laws?
The only time I hear people complain about too much power is when it isn't their person wielding their power...funny that
King Obama and King Trump have certainly made a good case, to liberals and conservatives, about why we need to get back to basics.
Some political historians say it started with FDR and expanded even more with Truman on b/c of rise of post WWII media (TV/radio) influence
As a corollary to this, you consign us to an ever speedier descent into oligarchy. We've seen the kind of painful, inefficient cuts in store

So you support states' rights to determine their own marijuana policies? (Please reply)
