but the new US under 45 does NOT celebrate freedom of the press NOR freedom of religion, & soon not even freedom of speech/protest
Senator Sasse, Do you consider CNN, the New York Times or the Washington Post to be "enemies of the people"? Thanks.
Yes they are   Corrupt and dishonest media. Fake news sources
What are you going to do about it? I'm afraid Trump has ties to Russia?
.@SenSasse "Conservatives have been correspondingly sensitive to downward redefining that weakens societal standards." Sen. Patrick Moynihan
Hats off to Anthony Scaramucci's efforts towards defining deviancy downward. His @WhiteHouse presence will hasten our race to the bottom
Thank you. POTUS out of control Keep up the heat #stophim now not later #bethechange @senmarcorubio
Then do your job and investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
I was about to applaud you for this but then read your tweet about how those of us across the aisle are "chicken littles". Really?
He has a thing for constituent name calling. Not going to serve him well in the next election.
that's a shame. I've been following him for a while now. I'm not a constituent but I'm in Iowa so "nearby".
Yes, v. unfortunate. In response to constituent calls about DeVos he said we were shrill robots. 
Dare I say it? If I do it might disappear.  I'll whisper it.  a GOP congressman who is actually putting country before party.
easy to record a video. Real courage is taking a stand even if it's unpopular in Nebraska. Are those tax breaks worth it?
I am from your district in Bellevue. It's not as unpopular to oppose Trump as you might think. Earn my vote sir.
. Dear Brooke: Fellow patriots are immensely gratified that you are standing with our President. Thank you.
Patriotism is about standing with your country. Not necessarily the president.
. When you're 71 you can preach to me. Meanwhile get a degree in theology and never question me again.
have a degree in poli sci from a college that required a lot of theology classes. Not sure why it matters
China is a much more clear and present danger, you carpetbagger. #WashingtonCartel like you are at odds w America's interests.
I hope to see you act on the suspicions between Putin & Trump. A full investigation is needed, actions speak louder than words.
Nothing more than a democratic which hunt. Not one shred of evidence. Propaganda from the left. Desperate losers.
Witch hunt are you referring too?
why wont you hold a town hall meeting?
I don't think DT supporters want Putin input, they just don't believe it, but most importantly they have no idea what this can do…
yet you support trump proving talk is cheap
you seem to be hiding from your constituents!
Your party should have thought of that before they sold our country to the Kremlin.
Thank You for standing for our democracy!! We need more leaders like you.
actions speak louder than words.
r u telling trump and GOP this?  How about independent investigation
Why not pursue the investigation of Trump's ties? If there is nothing to hide, then the GOP should welcome the this!
Prove there was interference! Still waiting!
You are delusional...Freedom of dissent?? Police brutality against DAPL, Occupy Wall Street, Civil Rights, BLM, etc...u are a liar
. You might come to realize an understanding with Russia might be desirable in times to come and are rapidly approaching.
Your a fraud. Next election you will be remembered by those who love this country. Good Riddance
I love listening to this but it rings more hollow every day @GOP enables a leader that attacks press & immigrants. #voice #resist
@lovealaska1105 Until you demand a truly independent investigation, these words ring hollow.
#Independent investigation into #russiatrump #russiagate
Thanks for speaking out. If you & @JoniErnst can get Graham, or Collins or Paul OR Rubio to join Dems, a bill to investigate wins.
failing @realDonaldTrump certainly doesn't celebrate free press or any of those other things!
Yep!
So are Iran’s thugs
Too bad President Obama spent 8 years sucking up to them
@SenSasse @baseballcrank
So why does Trump idolize Putin?
Trump is proving what decent people knew all along: Conservatives only care about 1st A when it applies to like minded folks.
uh your man Trump ain't exactly celebrating free press or freedom of religion.
If only POTUS could see that
keep standing for #FreedomOfThePress #FreedomOfSpeech
totally hollow gesture unless you press for Trump/Russia inquiry. Show some courage.
you must find it troublesome that our president disagrees with everything you said here, right?
so you're on board with investigating connections between @POTUS and Russia
Then why don't you put some goddamned pressure on your traitor friends in the House GOP and impeach this tire fire of a human?
thank you. How are you going to get the rest of the GOP to man up?
Thank you for speaking out Now please put the power of your votes where your mouth is. U give me hope Don't let me down. And GBR 
@SykesCharlie That's fine Putin is our enemy, so are the Muslims! And now the Dems are just openly welcoming them in our country
Sadly the press in the United States has been purchased by the bad guys, and political assassinations happen, grow up.
put your money where your mouth is, Ben, and DO SOMETHING!
So are Trump and his thugs.  DO YOU JOB.
At times yes, at times we have a confluence of interests.
Sir - have you personally had a meal with Putin? If you listened to Obama and his ppl, you are misinformed.
under this con, America could soon become like Putin's regime. Signs r on the wallls #impeachtrump
thank God for decent men like you.
You need to go make this speech on the streets of Berkley
@Maximum007 чиво это он, Юра?
Meanwhile Sasse just rubber-stamped a dubious ethical character to run the EPA in order to attack that dept's ability to function.
@SykesCharlie Do you hear what you're saying? Trump is taking the country in a very bad direction. GOP, you took the reins!
@SykesCharlie It's the GOP show now! Not a month into & it's a pile of crap! Congress is complicit by meekly turning their heads!
@Lynn_Rose1 SO ARE US SENATORS.
Maybe Russian ship is a Farce for what Trump and Putin are doing. Cover up the real thing with a ship and missiles!!
@JJohnson2u this shit is like stepping back in time its not good.
You're all talk no action
https://twitter.com/JPY_Kurdish/status/812759470669529088 …
Thanks for your voice Senator. Only wish you were my Senator.
The Trash Media knows the RINOS to interview @stephenfhayes @RickRWells @JohnKStahlUSA @ShepNewsTeam @KarlRove
@DrZuhdiJasser New Cold Warriors itching for on-going confrontation and enmity with Rusdia.
Then you have to do something about it. I worry that the @GOP is so excited to ram through their agenda that they won't stand up.
@DrZuhdiJasser really sick of Russia crap, move on 3 Muslims in Capitol fired for hacking check it out
good. Condemn Trump.
Be quiet, you won't be elected again.  You are not relevant!  Switch to Dumicrat.
@_HelenLindberg_ Stand up for the freedom you fought so hard to achieve 
no kidding. Then why don't you do something about it and ask for a bipartisan investigation?  Now.
@SykesCharlie Yet @POTUS makes excuses & blames Russia's provocations on his media coverage. Sanctions Iran, nothing on Putin! 
@SykesCharlie honestly DT is also at odds...his  tweets today are 100% UN American and just can't be tolerated...stand up GOP! pls
& ye you voted for DeVos & Sessions .. both involved in Russia ...  you need to just shut it Ben .. no credibility
our own president is an enemy of the American people #freepress
DEEP STATE BULLSHIT. The Federal Reserve is at ODDS with America's Interests!!! @realDonaldTrump @AP @Reuters @CBS
@SykesCharlie Gotta be honest.  Subtweeting the president as a Senator does look like it's kind of fun.
well alright!
so why don't you do something?Why have you voted every cabinet person in?How can you say you are pro people?
.@SenSasse Well, then please DO something, sir.  It's easy to keep talking. It takes guts to put your neck on the line with your party.
so you're going to start an investigation soon on White House ties right??
and so is YOUR Prez and GOP. Voted for many Rs. No more. You need to dump all and start over with members putting country first
@Dcwash1 Tell Trump to his face
But they must like this group
thank Senator. Please stand up against the nonsense coming from the presidential administration, same party or no
If GOP believes Russia is a danger then why is @jasoninthehouse continuing to investigate emails rather than Trump Russian ties?
why didn't you run for president?!
we need you my friend. Conservatives need a voice to rally around. Even out here in Seattle. Keep calling it like you see it!
This is new knowledge to you. Educate yourself. Read The Naked Communist by W Cleon Skousen.
Russia's not the only ones ... many here too ... but tell us something we didn't know
Yes, and what are you going to do about it? We cannot rely on @SpeakerRyan or @jasoninthehouse to handle this.
yet you voted for all his stooges Ben, that makes you just as bad
.@SenSasse you voted to confirm Tillerson even with his Russian ties
Actions speak so loud I cant hear what you say
Putin and his thugs are fundamentally at odds with America’s interests. 
Not sure why anyone thinks Ben is a good guy .. he is all in with President Bannon and #PutinsPuppet
sure makes for a good sound byte on TV..but what are you actually gonna do about it?? so far you've greenlighted everything Trump!
if this is the case why is our president constantly attempting to shut down religious and press freedoms?
You can replace Putin's name with Trump and make same statements.  Enemy of press, enemy of 1st Amend, enemy of religious freedom
But why can't we get along. What's so wrong with getting along?
maybe after the scotus gets filled ? Then we'll see some action. Maybe
Will you stand against our president when he espouses the same ideals as Putin?
If you think spouting Russian rhetoric media wants to hear will endear you to them, you are mistaken. No GOP can get fair shake!
wasn't this an interview from the weekend of the Super Bowl?? Interesting repost today.
you are correct. I thought it odd as well 
I'm sick with flu so thought maybe my fever was affecting my brain.  Very interesting indeed.
I have also been sick with something. Since Nov 9th.
@Lynn_Rose1 It could be that you're right. It's wise to give Trump an opportunity to speak and negotiate with the Russians first.
And the current administration is ALSO fundamentally at odds with America's interests
.@SenSasse  All talk. All. Your actions are disgusting. Bad example a what a good R is. You, are so low.
This is NOT a call to investigate the Trump/Flynn/Manafort/Page mess. In fact if you believe this *where is investigation*??
would be nice to hear @realDonaldTrump say what you said.
if America's interests are not supporting radical jihadists destabilization of secular Muslim States, then we *share* interests
I agree and really appreciate your words. POTUS today did not celebrate a free press, he called them our enemy.Please do something
.@SenSasse I look forward to your demanding better leadership from your peers Senator. Treason by anyone cannot be swept aside.
U should switch 2 the D party. American R's want people w/ courage & honor 2 speak 4 us. Not weak, power hungry elites.
Concentrate on getting rid of Obamacare.
What interest is Russia thwarting America in?   We don't need to shove pointy sticks at them.
you'er no walk in the park either  sasse
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Thank you Senator Sasse. Russia is not our friend by any stretch of the imagination.
The US celebrates Free Press.  Your words, Senator.  The President just called the Free Press the enemy.  Your move, Senator.
We will be waiting a long time...
Words out of my mouth Kendra .. like stop self promoting Ben .. no substance ...
Agreed. And I hope you'll agree it's time for an immediate and independent investigation into Trump's connections to Russia.
there allegedly are already investigations into Russia. I don't recall details, but Chavez said another agency looking
Hopefully that's the case. Has @SenSasse spoken out strongly in support of the investigation you mention?
To answer your question, though, I don't think I've heard anything from @SenSasse specifically on these investigations.
"The cold war is over" - Barack HUSSEIN Obummer
yes. Anyone that condones or bends over backwards for putin should be investigated on treason charges
There are many thugs in our world. The UN is a great collection of them. We can still find middle ground.
Please recognize that Trump is also at odds with American democracy. Congressional Republicans are our only hope.
I agree.  We need official investigations of what is going on with the White House and the Russians
