can you introduce a bill to make @realDonaldTrump pay back tax payers for Melania living in NYC. Tax payers provide the WH to live
Camp David not on FL, right? Or Marlago not WH, #TrumpScaredofGhosts ?
This doesn't hold. Why did the ACHA strip benefits for prental care and maternity benefits? Think about that. That is really sick.
Get out of my womb! Get out of my bedroom.
You don't send government funds to abortion businesses. LOL
That is dumb - we haven't done that.
He has a distorted view of reality. PP reduces abortions through family planning. Is he against this too?
Let's not sell your constituent's privacy for a few shekels, either.
Lets leave planned parenthood alone it has saved many lives. You want to take but never want to give back Putin puppet.
Does this also apply to services such as childcare, affordable healthcare, and other social programs?  Pro-life shouldn't end at birth.
No they don't care about you after your born grab them by the pu$$y that's the president.
pro-life also includes after the womb where programs like WIC are threatened, which threatens infant mortality and nutrition!
Planned Parenthood expands access to contraception, which prevents abortion. So does Obamacare. Senator, why are you for more abortions?
If the ACHA had gone thru mothers and unborn would have lost some coverage. So R's want to force people have babies but not care? Sick
being pro-life should also mean giving a shit about the person after birth i.e. health care and education. #hypocrisy
I don't understand this logic at all. How is removing access to affordable women's healthcare going to decrease abortion?
Its not you have to pay for abortions this is a GOP lie!
If it's not your body, it's not your business.
Good grief, man.
Any particular reason why any of them have to have tax money instead of taking insurance like  a regular doctors hospitals etc?
I don't my taxes to pay for trump's out of control golf trips - this fun I like picking where tax $ go, oh and fire ivanka I don't want her.
No one wants her or him but they are sure lining there pockets aren't they
The whole thing stinks!
Planned Parenthood reduces abortions. Look at facts not distorted ideology.
Life-affirming? Really? You can possibly be pro life if you have people dieing in your state because of lack of affordable healthcare
if you are pro-life what r your positions on protecting water resources from pollution?
Non if he's a putin puppet
Smart guy who is distorting facts. Shame on you!
If u believe in "small gov", "freedom", "choice" & "deregulation"; how do u justify gov interfering w my med care?  I trust my M.D. over GOP
why continue to deceive ppl? Gov funds are not used for abortions. Plain & simple fact. Stop fear tactics& lies.
Taxpayer dollars aren't spent on abortions. They're spent on all of those life-affirming services you mentioned.
Interesting how people decide to know how God feel about the killing of a Person, to GOD there are no small deaths, all deaths are equal
according to God pro life, means all life & it would mean U are against executions, the killing of people in a War, some of us R hypocrites
Just saw group of GOP senators saying how qualified Gorsuch is. So wasn't Merrick Garland qualified? Stealing the seat and packing the court
Agree.
But also why not sponsor a bill that defunds PP one Federal $ for EACH $ PP uses for political donations and not health programs.
Protecting a fetus means protecting the environment its mother lives in.
Could you please explain to me how the Hyde act doesn't already prevent taxpayer dollars paying for abortion?
I will FOREVER be grateful for @PPHeartland. Tax $ don't go to abortions, don't stop funding these health centers on a religious ideology.
disregarding the lives of all the women you just defunded.
where's this data on what Nebraskans want?  Seriously.  Where is it?
Will you also sponsor life-affirming health care, education, and a viable safety net for all humans? Or are you simply pro-birth?
What about all the other good women's health issues they support? Low income women need their preventative care too. Birth control matters.
How about we stop sending tax dollars to ALL private enterprise, period?
No. You are pro-birth. Not Pro-Life. Pro-Choice is about a woman's "life".
Since no taxpayer $$ go to planned parenthood, all good right? Women's health & screening, birth control to prevent abortions, STI services.
Always nice when your religion trumps a citizen's right to choose their own healthcare. Disgrace to the founders and the constitution.
Works for me
let's say good bye to you In the next election. You took affordable care from women based on your own misinformation. #Complicit
if the GOP is pro-life, why is it doing is best to make the planet uninhabitable? The glaciers melting,oceans acidifying,C02
Don't be disingenuous! You know federal funds are not used on abortions. Funding contraceptives equals fewer unwanted pregnancies.
I am pro choice as I believe people should have dominion over their own bodies The gov't shouldn't impose religious belief
Says the party that tried to cut any viable health care for the poor.!
its not your decision. Its no mans decision. If your concerned about kids vote to feed them!!!
Nebraska voter could not disagree more.  Planned Parenthood good for women, good for families and good for USA.
Deeply, deeply immoral
or you could not impose your religious position on those depending on PP for life saving health care who have no other options.
the CBO has estimated that if Planned Parenthood were defunded, as many as 650,000 women would lose their reproductive health care.
And thousands upon thousands of unwanted children will be born... with no one to support them but taxpayers.
You realize @PPact does a lot more than just abortions, right?
Unrelated but why did you vote to take away Internet privacy? Which majority of your constituates asked for that?
You know quite well tax dollars do not fund abortions. You lie by ommission, and a lie is a lie. #hypocrite #liar
Maternal mortality rates skyrocketed in Texas when they restricted access to women's healthcare choices.
Women and babies matter less than fertilized eggs to right wingers.
Yea, because that's crucial. Not. Stop funding all of this BS. We have debts.
Supporting Medicare is pro life
Supporting Medicaid is pro life
Clean water is prolife
Clean air is pro life
Real science based decisions on burning coal
No changing the rules making it more likely to kill women and children in Somalia
do you have.  Aspirations in being the President of the US one dayn
Then support the children and mothers after the birth. One way would be to declare healthcare a right for citizens. Single payer!
NO WALL
NO NUCLEAR
Can you send my tax dollars to my college. I don't like paying for my tuition. If we are allowed to choose of course, cuz I'm pro choice.
Once again GOP attempting to mislead that taxpayer $ funds abortions at PP. also what do women do where PP is only option in county?
I would like NOT send my tax payer dollars to subsidize big oil!
Come on, Senator. Taxpayer dollars do not pay for abortions. PP affirms life for many women.
This isn't necessarily prolife,  it is probirth.  BIG difference. Prolife supports planned parenthood-as does this Nebraskan.
For all of you saying he better than the choice he made...he's not. Really a man with a tiny soul. There you have it: .@BenSasse
how about you let us tell you where we want our tax dollars to go and by the way you work for us, GET IT
Zygote life-affirming but not women's life affirming. Why stop @ zygotes? Where's your anti-masterbation bill to save all those sperm?
Is this the last thing on your list before we can get serious about trump and Russia? Please!
Let's provide free sterilization so there might be fewer murdered babies. Sterilization is a real choice with one's body. Abortion is murder
You busy took away vital health access to millions of women. You should be ashamed!
We need funding that puts women in charge of r repro care and keeps the govt out of it.  Limited govt.  Remember that concept.
Let's stop supporting senators who push lies as facts to their constituents.
Senator Sasse serious question. Is there a middle ground we can find as Americans on this issue?
Except taxpayer dollars arent being spent on abortions. Quit selling the GOP propaganda b.s.
We get to decide what our tax dollars fund based upon our beliefs & religion?  Great!  I'm glad that wall is gone & medicare for all wins!
Don't HC providers serve women ? Mine have for all my life
A sad day for poor people in the country. Funding for preventive care screening etc. unrelated and separate.
Thank you Senator 
Planned Parenthood provides affordable birth control options, not abortions. Stop spreading "fake" facts. Just ask me, I know, my experience
And btw, if you cut Welfare to needy familiesm, who is going to feed children when their family can't get affordable birth control?
Babies seem only to matter until they are born.
Sen. Sasse, you are incorrect. NO PP EVER PAYS for abortions, it is a cash and carry but they do advise. I know this for a FACT! BTDT!
Thanks!  Despite what some are saying the sky will NOT fall #DefundPP http://bit.ly/2jEJu6H   #PPDeception http://bit.ly/2hZNmC5 
i hope pro life means when that teenager has a child with no means of support you and your party WILL provide financial support
Sasse is a liar: gov funds ARE NOT USED FOR ABORTIONS - it's illegal, a right wing LIE - cuz lying is all these scumbags do #waronwomen #pp

YES YES YES
Don't disguise this as pro-live.  This is anti-abortion-anti-women & disgusting. Your voting record = no compassion after birth.
Also, WTF is with your health Care?
Respectfully disagree. There are Nebraskans(Lincoln) who believe in choice and that includes giving women access to providers like @PPact
Please don't speak what Nebraskans want when so clearly this is a lie. @TrumpTorpedo
let's not
They're also a cancer-screening business but I guess you don't care about that, eh?  You are on the wrong side in this.
Constitution doesn't empower Fed Govt to do either
I'd rather just fund organizations that save women's lives and protect their health.
You're better than this.  I've seen it.
Tax dollars haven't gone to abortions in years. How about being part of the solution, rather than continuing the problem? #newidea
Sasse just said, "fund life-affirming women's health providers".  Is this a bad solution?
Russia holds our top office. Our environment is in a downward slide. Focus on that instead of my uterus.
Let's allow women to make choices for themselves.
Will you also protect my children from our president?
I wish you were joking, but, sadly, you are not! DJT's EOs, cuts to services, and policies threaten all children.
Not this nebraskan. #PP saves lives. Abortion is only 3% of what they do. All you are doing is putting women's lives in danger.
Sasse just said, "fund life-affirming women's health centers". PP can put our future children at danger.
you mean our future children who go there for cancer screenings, STI tests, pap smears, rape counseling?
Why not?
To be clear I'm talking about funded life-affirming women health centers AND pp too (if they discontinue their current abortion practices)
Just because a doctor doesn't agree with you about abortion doesn't mean that you should withhold money for non-abortion services
Senator Sasse Are you also against death penalty?
How about 20% of our taxes on sensitive issues tax payers can itemize where their $ goes.
So sensible! I am pro-choice- I believe there are MGO's and true charities that can fund this. $580m per year Tax payer $? #SOMETHINGSWRONG
Is this more of your Planned Parenthood BS?
yeah, cause once its illegal, and defunded, it will just magically stop, and not be needed in sanitary and humane conditions, good for you??
.
Indeed. Plus consider incentives and training for the father to stand up for, defend and provide for the mother and unborn child. 
.
As if no women, in need of CHOICE had ever paid taxes. Why do you act as though every taxpayer has to follow YOUR belief?
Who would those life-affirming providers be? There is a CRITICAL shortage of Ob-Gyns in the US. PP has been my ONLY option in 4 states!
don't send my tax dollars to pay for a wall then OK
I want my taxes to fund *all* women’s health services. I don’t want my taxes protecting these assholes...
Well said Dave. 
NOPE
