What in the hell is wrong with you and other Republicans? Trump is dangerous.  We know it, you know it. Disaster awaits.  ACT NOW @SenSasse
they are drunk with power. They know they are wrong but this is their opportunity to push their agenda through
@GovRicketts Find solutions for the #Nebraska corn economy https://twitter.com/NebraskaSower/status/834896857167966208 … @NeCGA @marketjournal @NECornBoard #agriculture
.@ConsulmexOmaha @GovRicketts "We’re going to have a good relationship w/ Mexico, I hope. And if we don’t, we don’t" https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/02/23/remarks-president-trump-meeting-manufacturing-ceos …
"As @POTUS threatens Mexico w/ drastic changes on trade, its leaders are wielding corn as a weapon." @katelinthicum
"The Mexican government is exploring buying its #corn elsewhere — including Argentina or Brazil... "@KirkSemple
Corn is America’s top agricultural export to Mexico. To lose them as a customer would be "absolutely devastating." http://nyti.ms/2nM1Rdf 
"Recent purchase of South American corn meal probably represent an emerging strategy by Mexican trade officials..."
First Signs of Trade Trouble with Mexico Surface http://ow.ly/d4wB30d29fu  #agmarkets #agtrade

Mexico is No Longer Top Destination for U.S. Corn http://dlvr.it/PTXT4h  
A plea for a trade war
Trump: "I tell them, 'Tariffs. I want tariffs.' And what do they do? They bring me IP. I can't put a tariff on IP." https://www.axios.com/exclusive-trump-vents-in-oval-office-i-want-tariffs-bring-me-some-tariffs-2478121273.html …
Corn, sorghum & barley exports to Mexico are down about 7% as buyers there begin purchasing more from South American 
So maybe livestock and poultry production should buy local rather than imported corn-problem solved
Some of you guys are becoming extremely tiresome .
Which farmers Ben 
the multi billion federal crop insurance beneficiaries who's identity is classified?
Every state that exports food will be damaged by Trump's stand agst free trade.
hey jerk perhaps you've never been to Cleveland or Detroit. We were destroyed by unjust Globalism. You ppl make me sick.
You don't care about womens' health; we don't care about corn
You don't care about the environment; we don't care about corn
You don't care about our kids' education; we don't care about corn
You don't care about voters' rights we don't care about corn
they should have taken these things into consideration on Election Day. I did.  #resist
Thank are lucky stars Hilary  not President
Not to mention farmers reliant on immigrant labor.  Why isn't this reality being made known????
"Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil & you're a thousand miles from the corn field." ~ Pres. Dwight D. Eisenhower
then you should quit and let someone competent represent them
#hillary4prison #LockHerUp
#ObamaForTreason
sure they can. You voted for his cabinet picks, just like the rest of the GOP. You didn't support us.
Correct. Building a wall will lead to Mexico looking elsewhere for ag products. Impeachment proceedings ASAP.
corn=whisky make liquor and shut up
yet you'll still vote for anything trump. Words are great but your actions speak louder.
In case you missed it @SenSasse hammered on Trump during the entire election.
and then voted in favor of every cabinet nominee of trump's even when they were extremely unqualified
is this a burn? Is it a joke? It's hard to tell.
@BenSasse Didn't they overwhelmingly vote for just that? Do they need to be protected from consequences of their own decisions?
You don't care about health insurance; we don't care about corn
You don't care about immigrants; we don't care about corn
Comrade trump doesn't care about Nebraska good job voters.
.It is about more than corn. #Nebraskans eat bananas, avocados, strawberries & other fresh produce grown in Mexico 
True, but we cannot subsidize the corn industry by continuing to import and support with our tax dollars millions of Illegals.
They r not the only people in this country.  VETS hav been sacrificing and now farmers can do a little 4 their share. Purple Heart
#AmericaFirst
#Stand4America
#CorruptPoliticians NEVER WIN!
You are rapidly becoming John McTurd Jr.
stand up for democracy.  We want an independent investigation into Trump and Russia.
Awe come on. You and your state voted for this. Take your medicine. No crying now.
This is the problem with not educating the public. How many people thought NAFTA was all about Mexico taking our jobs?
How many people thought it was about Mexico getting all the benefits & the US getting screwed?
And where were the Nebraska politicians during the campaign where BOTH parties were against free trade agreements because it played well?
So it's ok that we are losing thousands of manufacturing jobs?  I guess that's just collateral damage to you.
Those of us who didn't vote for Trump are the collateral damage. Farmers wanted him.
They voted for the Cheeto. Let 'em reap what they have sown.
Should have stayed on the Ag Committee then!!!
yet you have voted for everyone in his cabinet? Kind of told 45 you agree with how he runs the country.
trump is you man, not mine
what should we grow in NE? Drive by peoples gardens this summer in NE. You won't see them filled with corn and soy! #realfood
when taxpayers subsidize the junk food and GMO ind. - corn, soy, sugar beet, rapeseed. Farms don't diversify. #nonGMO
as part of the free market businesses (farmers) are "free" to grow a variety of crops, not just corn! It's a complicated concept!
They can of you won't do your job.
did you vote for @realDonaldTrump ? #asyousow
Nebraska farmers also need clean air and water yet you voted for Pruitt.
why not?
...perhaps this is the lesson that the GOP and, unfortunately NE farmers, will learn from buying into the Trump message...sad
are you saying isolationism is not going to Make America or Nebraska Great Again??  Shocker!!
Your grasp of what can happen seems surprisingly limited given your demonstrated knowledge of history.
Im happy to see you sticking up for Nebraska Farmers.
We are all damaged by Trump.
you better stand up to Trump and a number of your colleagues then.
the large number of trump voters do not realize how damaging his policies are to farmers.  My MIL is a Nebraska farmer. Thank you
My MIL is a Democrat btw, and is horrified by Trump
Nebraska Cornhuskers Will now be known as the Nebraska Credulous Fools LOL. Those morons voted for it they deserve it.
Stand up for our Ag interests. Watching from Gering!!!
then man up and say #NoWall
so stand up to Lord commander marmalade and help us out instead of blindly following that little r behind the names in congress
"Cannot?" Why? Didn't you guys Vote for Donald? Were you Not taking him seriously? May your crops rot in the fields or give away!
1st the Cattle Ranchers in TX.  Nebraska farmers next collateral damage.  45 won't be your savior, he'll destroy you.
.@SenSasse is so interested in NE farmers why did he get off the Agricultural Committee? #Nebraska .@BenSasse All this guy does is talk.
but guns. Hillary was going to take their guns.
And now mexico is not going to take their corn LOL
if Trump gets his way, they will.
Do you kiss your MA'MA...with those lying hypocritical lips of yours???
You mean like Mexico buying it's corn from South America instead of the US? Stand up and speak. Please
unfortunately, yes they can.
and yet most voted for Trump.
speaking of threats to nebraska commodities, KEYSTONE PIPELINE
Kudos for standing up for your constituents instead of blind partisanship. Hoosiers also stand behind you.
Tell your leadership...
THANK YOU x 100!  We are counting on you to help dial back the rhetoric.   -Signed a constituent/farmer
Collateral damage already here
when export business declines and the stocks drop  they will be "collateral damage".  economic crash JBS 101
Thank you for speaking up Senator Sasse.
It is what Nebraskans voted for unfortunately...
