Support our President or you won't have that much time left in the Senate
That's kinda silly
He is a republican he supposed to support the nominee and he has done nothing but undermine him. We voted for Trump not Hillary Clinton
I'm not sure where you find blind support in the constitution. I missed that page. He'll be re elected with ease. 92% CR Liberty Score
He has only been in the Senate for 2 years. Rubio has  just as high and he has done nothing. I Know because I live in Florida

The consevative review is owned by Mark Levin who is a never Trumper
He's a conservative. Trump isn't. But CR tries desperately to pull Trump to the right.
Then get a job! Lazy
That's what churches are for! Don't you pay your tithes? They take care of the poor. Government should stay out.
I'm sorry, was any of his tweet about politics??? Grow up
and pre-existing conditions are covered in the bill.  So you are good.
Sorry but that is not true.  If you read the bill it does not.
Way to take a nice, encouraging non partisan tweet and make it political 
You are right to call him on this post ....... Simply by posting it with his Senator Twitter account makes it partisan.
not everything has to be politicized
Then he shouldn't politicize it by posting it from his senate account.
He was just sending out a Father's Day message, but point taken. I just wish we could have some nonpartisan moments. Hate all the fighting.
"By Oct, when his wife gave birth to their baby girl at an Allentown hospital, Franco had already been deported. He was 3,200 miles away, forced to watch the delivery on the tiny screen of his cellphone from his mother’s sweltering house in Guatemala."
Really good investigation of the ICE office in Philadelphia, the most aggressive in the country. 64% of the people it arrested in Pennsylvania, Delaware and West Virginia in 2017 had no criminal history, compared to 38% for all other ICE offices: https://www.propublica.org/article/pennsylvania-ice-undocumented-immigrants-immigration-enforcement …
Great book we just finished it. Right on the money.
nmi https://twitter.com/aewriter1/status/884436076328357890 …
Repubs here is repeal now replace later:say u&ur wife were divorcing& she Sez,WELL JUST DIVORCE NOW-we'll figure out the home, kids& $ later
Hi Senator.
It's so hard to connect with people on Twitter.
Why don't you show up and try again on the ACA. It's not about your ego. Voters want it fixed and don't want @GOP tax breaks for wealthy.
You're an amazing guy Senator Sasse! Never change!
Beloved people are disappearing from their homes, schools & workplaces.

This chemistry prof won't be in class to teach. This father won't be there to tuck his children in at night.

His children & students will never forget this. Soon they'll all vote.
ICE takes away chemistry instructor as he prepared to drive his kid to school http://www.kansascity.com/news/politics-government/article198215114.html …
Home at last.

"You can hug your wife. You can hug your kids. You can hug your brother or you can walk out & see nature. It’s a liberating feeling. You have your freedom. You can smell the air. You can look at the trees.”

~ Syed Ahmed Jamal, Kansas dad
'You can hug your wife, you can hug your kids': Kansas dad Syed Ahmed Jamal is back home after nearly two months in immigration detention. https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2018/03/22/1751210/-You-can-hug-your-wife,-you-can-hug-your-kids:-Dad-back-home-after-months-in-immigration-detention …
how will you be able to vote for tax reform giving more yachts to billionaires after taking away healthcare from so many?
Cute video and Husker shirt.  But we'd rather you protect the healthcare of our current and future fathers instead of lecturing them.
If you need to ask Senator Sasse to protect "your healthcare" then is it really "yours"?
@BenSasse In a few months the weather will warm up again and another perfect Tuesday night will roll around at the ballpark, but these dads won't be there for their kids.
Stories of brutal, outrageous ICE raids like this are coming every day now. For immigrant families, the nightmarish Trump future that is indistinguishable from fascism has already arrived. http://pix11.com/2018/01/25/2-dads-nabbed-by-ice-as-they-drop-off-kids-at-nj-school-3rd-takes-shelter-in-church/ … 
To borrow your own words...

"You have to be able to see your neighbor." 

https://twitter.com/Amy_Siskind/status/957303508415467520 …

For these missing fathers...what of the safe place at home for their adolescent 15 year old kids?

#ICERaids
“We had one night when 35 dads were taken in one night from Avenel, New Jersey, from the same apartment complex. I had 60 kids become orphans that night or become fatherless,” Rev. Seth Kaper-Dale said.
One might ask the @POTUS if these children, "feel safe in their homes at night?"

dammit i adore you and i'm a democrat
I know! I was just thinking the same thing!!!
i think it's okay.  we recognize and appreciate good people no matter the party 
Amen!
I'm at a loss for words. This family is being destroyed by #ICE immigration enforcement.
Surely, this can’t be accurate!  This can’t be true!  Surely, ICE is not planning to deport a young father of 5 - the sole support of his family - who has a pregnant wife & a 5 year-old son suffering leukemia.  This ain’t us!  Cruelty disguised as policy! https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/ice-deport-arizona-father-cancer_us_5a7e6fbbe4b08dfc93043436 …
If you are a grt father than you know what's best for you kids in the future. Put America 1st. Trump is making that happen. Embrace it sir.
Do you have body guards and protection for you and your family. If not you might wanna look into it. #LifeInsurance #UhOh #ByeByeSasses
some dads will die without healthcare
Dad had 1st at 18. I ,came, he was 29. He was grown up. My older sisters had a different man.  He died 5/14, but we had a true friendship.
Sooo....you're saying most people feel this way about their dads?
what chapter of your book is about teaching kids to Fuck over their friends and neighbors?
@SenatorFischer This kind of large scale worksite immigration raid is incredibly disruptive to local communities, leaving children stranded without their parents, terrifying entire communities, and devastating local economies."

Jessica Hahn, @NILC_org
Please explain how taking these draconian enforcement actions make our neighborhoods safer? The Trump administration wants to tear about apart families and traumatize children. https://theintercept.com/2018/04/10/ice-raids-tennessee-meatpacking-plant/ …
Real elected leadership is far less forgiving. If you dont figure out how to lead with integrity, you won't get another chance.
You’re screwing up on the job, too, bubba.
Well said @BenSasse  
about the less fortunate. One day ur state gonna realise ur just a crook.
It back to the rich in the form of a tax decrease. In other words u don't give a damn
Ur bill is nothing more than transferring money from the poor and giving
got elected is living proof people in ur state r apeshit. Obama care can b tweaked
Heard u on tv saying dems have toquit pretending that Obama care doesn't work
Well spoken for all father's in the Real World. Bravo.
Thank you for standing up to the bully in chief. He's going to get some journalists killed with his juvenile tweets.
Certainly wish you contributed as highly to our country's progress as you think of yourself.
What will be the last straw? When even the rich don’t have clean water or breathable air, will you decide to stand up? #peopleoverparty
Do not vote this guy back in... stop voting people in who hurt you! They didn't promise to kill a bunch of people! Sasse is bad news!!!
Repeal with a delay? Have you not gotten the message yet? You can't possibly be that draft.
Let's do eye for an eye with this death care policy.
If a child dies due to lack of insurance, GOP needs to kill one of their children .
A spouse dies due to no care, a GOP spouse needs to be presented for euthanasia.
A grandma for a grandma...
There needs to be personal repercussions for this murder bill.
GOP can have a lottery for who gets presented for the one for one death.
GOP politicians can not be allowed to pass this abomination with no personal impact.
Not like Christie on the closed beach...
This guy is on TV promoting the destruction of our healthcare, but doesn't put anything on his twitter feed about it.  Only father's day.
U said on fox 4th about firecrackers  and toads, that is sick , now u think all dads screw up , strange thoughts ! And I  a Trumpster!
Join #TRUMP or quit! A REAL conservative will get elected to take your place, even if the Dems spend another $30mil trying to buy your seat
stick it to the poor is not a lesson a good dad teaches
SEN SASSE Trying to Kill 181 Thousand Vietnam Veterans By  Ending Pensions Thrown on the Street TRAITOR
Heart less can you do without health care for your family
Yes. Let's take them all off of the health care they receive and see what their tune would be then!
Congress needs to take action to stop trump's attacks on individuals & media. America is watching this circus and will hold you accountable
Everyone makes mistakes; however, real fatherhood would protect their children at all cost, not hurt/harm them.
Take your time on healthcare & get it right. People's lives are in your hand. No need to rush.
As a father,  is  the president  the person you want representing your children? Please  stand against his horrific speech and behavior.
You renewed our faith in America Sir. If we can't have you as our next president America will mourn.
Im a democrat,but if you run in 2020, im in. @GOP
YOU HOKIE IS AN ACT THAT I BOUGHT INTO BUT NOW YOUR LYING GUESS DONCON & PUTIN HAS GOODS ON YOU TOO. KILLING OUR FAMILIES KARMA GET YOU TOO
AND YOU JUST LIIED TELLING GOP BS WHEN ALL VOTERS KNOW HOW YOU/GOP DEFUNDED COST SHARE/RISK CORRIDORS 2 INTENTIONALLY HURT ACA & YOUR VOTERS
saw you on CNN.  A delay?  Oh so delay the tax cuts you're giving the most wealthy at the expense of the most vulnerable.  Gotcha.
And you know as well as the I do that's the true reason republicans want ACA repealed.  It has nothing to do with "we the ppl".
Stick to your Armed services Com. And not health care. You're ignorant about it, like so many GOP.
The majority of Americans did not vote for you and GOP repeal and or replace BS. You have no right to take away HC Mr. super Dad
U say if nothing can be worked out repeal and replace later. Well let's repeal ur health insurance and replace later too. See how that works
Very thoughtful - very balanced. This tells me you have a good heart. Please u MUST see that trump is mentally unbalanced. we need your help
Hey Sasse I as a democrat I support your proposed Healthcare proposal only if I am allotted the same insurance you and your family have ok?
so you want to repeal  ACA now, wow you an evil person. People will die because of YOU!
You're probably an awful father! You want to kill people by stealing their healthcare. How does that make you a good dad?
Remember, lots of moms do double duty, and many men step in and step up to help raise kids who are not their own.
Republican cowards: It's not like the media is going to talk about Trump in a positive light whether he Tweets or not. Grow some nuts!
What the hell are you talking about! Repeal with no replacement? Do it and see what happens to your senateship.
Repeal ACA? How will I then get medical care for my son with epilepsy? Or for myself? Millions lose but not you or your children.
Never Forget: 

In 7 years the #GOP still doesn't have a Workable #Trumpcare plan.

So they'll just Repeal it and screw you more.
How about you give up your and your families health care paid by American tax payers dollars until you replace.
Ben you screwed up writing letter to trump. How horrible to repeal and no replacement. What were you thinking? You'll never be reelected.
And healthcare isn't about ripping it from millions, it's about helping others get needed medical care! @potus @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
By suggesting repeal without a plan today makes you a terrible father and a terrible senator. Shame on you!
VERY SURE BEN SASSE HAVE GOOD MEDICAL INSURANCE AND DOSEN'T PAY A DIME, BUT IS GETTING VERY CASUAL WITH THE AMERICA PEOPLE HEALTH CARE.
Are you insane for encouraging the President & your party to drop ACA regulations and coverage plans with NO alternate? Why not improve ACA?
Maybe you should show up and help Americans in desperate need of health care legislation that doesn't remove 23mill. Citizens from insurance
Sasse screwed up again by proving he is no family man by advocating the repeal of ObamaCare without a replacement. Health & dealth be damned
Seen your interview on fox.  We don't have a year for you guys to do your job! Repeal all of Obamacare now! We don't care what you do after.
Repeal and do nothing would help us tremendously. What is so hard about that?
Sir, my insurance is over 1400 a month and I hey are trying to cancel.  We don't have time for this!!
Yet, you're trying to mass murder fathers across America by stripping away their health insurance.
You don't deserve to be a father.
When you are proposing to take money from fathers who are trying to do right by their kids and are struggling, you have no room to talk.
So claims aa man about to vote to repeal but not replace health care. Really?  Let's just toss the millions under the bus? Pretty shitty.
Saw @sensasse talking repeal on ACA today. GOP needs to recheck polls, voters don't want repeal, want ACA repaired. It CAN be done. #fixACA
Would you like to pay for my healthcare between the time you obliterate my good policy with Obamacare and replace with your greedy crap?
How about all those dads you're ready to repeal their healthcare with no replacement?
#BankFraudBernie 
#MAGA #PresidentTrump #AmericaFirst
And here's to the dads out there who try to remove health care from so many children just because.
Your party has had seven years to craft a health plan. And has zilch. One year? You won't get it done in ONE year. You will kill thousands.
Here's an unforgiveable screw-up: repealing ACA w/out replacement. Thought I found a voice in you - then unforgiveably irresponsible plan?
Senator because you think repealing health Insurance of million dads is a good idea, you not a good  Dad much less a human.
your kids must be proud. Go corn holing
Call for an impeachment investigation based on Trump's alleged constitutional violations and obstruction of justice. I'm counting on you.
Keep making sure other dads and their wives, mothers and children lose their healthcare.
Glad to see you say that.   Now instead of defending disgusting journ and insulting our Pres why don't fight against the filth journ
Says the guy wanting to make it harder for real fathers, to get treatment for their child's health.
We want real REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS It is not your place to criticize our President Your are paid to do your job  Just wait until election.
You are supposed to go with party guidelines, you are supposed to back the President up, and stop acting as an independent person.
Who know what a father you are. But you are a very treasonous Senator, you are a  despicable RINO.
Your biggest flaw is supporting tRump!!
Do not support  #trumpcare you will hurt and kill millions #SaveAmericanLives #stoptrumpcare
#TurnOnYourFaxSasse!
Good to see you still acting like a true coward/vanishing American adult and keeping your mouth shut until this AHCA blows over. GROW UP!
Just b/c u hv never been financially screwed by an insurance co doesn't mean it didn't happen daily 2 responsible ppl b4 ACA. Medicare 4 all
If ur biggest concern4 healthcare is portability u r seriously missing the pt!  Pre-ex cons is by far biggest prob. Ins cos destroy ppl!
Please Senator @BenSasse please do not vote on the Trump Care bill. For all of Nebraska and all of America who need health insurance.
As a father you should be pushing for ALL women to have access to maternity care - even the poor ones.  #VoteNoBCRA #CountryOverParty
Real fatherhood is taking care of everyone's child. Please don't allow this healthcare bill pass. Be the father all children deserve.
Think of all of America's children before you vote. This bill is unconscionable- even if you do it only for the children- vote no.
Hope you are not considering voting for this travesty of a healthcare bill that would be DEVASTATING to so many Nebraskans
Your support of the anti-healthcare bill is pure evil. Call it what it is: a huge tax cut for the wealthy paid for by the lives of the poor.
Most fathers would want their kids to have access to healthcare
22 million- my god, astonishing, unthinkable
If you are seriously on the fence about this crappy bill, then you should resign
Things are pretty quiet on both your Twitter accounts-no fun selfies from your weekend getaway to Colorado Springs?No quips re:latest CBO #s
Strange how a supposed small-gov conservative is happy to lecture other #Americans on their #Parenting while IGNORING HIS ACTUAL JOB
R U OK w/this @BenSasse 
Sanctioned for his role in the #Russian aggression against #Ukraine by the #EU, #Norway & #Canada.
Odd, the #US would accept this figure ... 
If you vote YES to #TrumpCare = funding to childrens healthcare will be cut. Are you okay w/that?
SassySasse, don't let #TrumpCare pass! 
Do it for kids, the elderly, Vets! 
Heck, Do it for Nickelback fans! 
IDC, just do it! Vote #NoAHCA
Please vote NO on Healthcare.
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf … How many fathers are on medicaid? How many will the GOP murder with this 1/3 cut in funding in 2020?
Be real Ben ..we need truthful  compromising politicians not a prairie home companion .you can do it
It's a lot easier for Dads who can provide healthcare for their families.
How's your weekend in Colorado Springs? Who pays for that? My dumb father used to spend all his weekends with his family.
please be strong and vote note on the hurtful healthcare bill! The nation will thank you!
Vote no for rich tax cut show your fam you know no child in US should go w/out insurance & a young dad wont die because a cap hit-Show them
He'll be voted out by constituents who see  loved ones, neighbors, friends suffer from this vile bill.  No balls to stand up McConnell.
REAL fathers would care about all children & fight for their right to healthcare.  Clearly Sasse is just another politician.  Kids will die!
We haven't heard from u b/c ur @ Koch bros seminars. Nice 2 know r history buff is now in the pocket of billionaires. So much 4 little guy!
You know what would set a better example for your children - not being a bribed by the Koch bros politician. How's it going in CO Senator?
Just because u aren't tweeting doesn't mean we can't voice our concern.  Trumpcare kills.
Sometimes being a dad or a mom is about paying for your son's most recent open heart surgery https://twitter.com/aliranger29/status/878428841773019136 … #lifetimecaps
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
as a parent please listen to #MikePhillips and his mom
.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
I HOPE none of ur kids ever ends up disabled & in dire need of a Medicaid waiver in order to stay home with your family. DO NOT VOTE 4 THIS!
What about the father's who won't be able to afford healthcare for their children. Will u consider them when you cast your vote?
Senate health bill is hazardous to America: #Ourview #healthcare
Why don't you care that Putin ordered the attack on our election? Why don't you care about Trumpcare killing 23 million people?
Trumpcare is a huge tax cut for the rich while killing the poor.  How much were u paid to sell out your people & ur country?
A good dad wants a country not taxing his kids to death!Where's your name among the other 4?Repeal ocare completely!NOtrumpcare!
Medicare 4 all is only way U.S. survives. $$ being pd rt now alone could fund it but there's no one smart enuf in Congress to do it.
Nothing like screwing over the sick just after Father's Day.
You are part of the problem
I hope my kids don't grow up to be a puke like you.

Do you promise to give up Gov Healthcare and buy Healthcare under McConnell's bill?  Asking for a friend.
Please allow for open hearings on Healthcare! It's the right thing to do!
And so you're going to slash #Medicaid? You are about to directly hurt many of the students and families I work with as a teacher. #NoAHCA
@MaseClien @AlekLien @KelsiScheel @jaerae10 I love you all lots.  Sorry for all the times I messed up, but I want to do better...
Father & mothers want 2 know that if their child falls ill, they can afford h/c...what r u doing 4 them by taking away their h/c? ,
Being a Dad is like a baseball season, you hope to come out with 82 wins! I'm no Ward Cleaver, but I am really proud of the man my son is.
Curses to the Dems if they only want to be the problem.
NOTHING on the healthcare debate going on RIGHT NOW? WTF, Senator? Not important? I guess u already know ur going 2 vote Party line YES!!
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/876594699187965952 …
If Sasse truly has his eyes on the Presidency someday-as I genuinely believe he does-a vote for this egregious monstrosity will end that now
Good point. We hope you’ll think like a caring father when casting a vote on the AHCA. (A good father provides protection.)
so the 'n" word is okay,,,,
Great message.  When can we see the #ACHA  bill? Have a hearing? Give input?
Is this a lame apology upfront for taking away health care access for millions and giving tax breaks to millionaires?
You can tell urs how u screwed up backing a treasonous coward.
Great message!!! I hope you had a wonderful Fathers Day!
Your job requires you to travel to DC stay there & do your job! Stop blaming dads for being screw ups bc you are
