Then support an independent counsel. Actions speak louder than words, senator.
You can start with Trumps taxes.
@MelissaJPeltier @OWHnews Maybe you could have a chat with the traitors that are the House Rs.
how about you guys get tough on Trump and investigate him. What are you afraid of?
Can Colorado trade Senators with Nebraska? I want @SenSasse instead of @SenCoryGardner. An honest Republican w/ still-functioning principles
It's our constitutional duty to conduct honest congressional oversight that restores public trust in self-government http://www.omaha.com/news/nation/nebraska-iowa-lawmakers-urge-trump-to-get-tough-with-russia/article_7858a685-20c7-5ea0-adb7-9402fe287aed.html …
Alternatively, @SenSasse, could you please have a chat with @SenCoryGardner? ugh
NO it is your duty to do the will of the people not your own underhanded liberal disasters
@Lonestarmomcom @OWHnews How about Washington get tough with Trump!!!
How bout this?
 Contact UR Congressman WE NEED #IndependentSpecialProsecutor regarding Russia et al. #NyetExcuses  
@acoyne @OWHnews How does he get tough with those who put him in office and have "sumthng"special on him.I dont thnk itll ever hap
@InnoniMouss @OWHnews Could you quit posturing on Russia and get the ACA f'n repealed already.  Tax cuts maybe? Focus on USA
Investigate it, put it to bed, and move on.  POTUS gave merit to the leaks.  Must be investigated now.
No, it's a distraction.  Work on a cyber security bill if this has merit and prevent future problems.
Investigation is necessary to understand nature and extent of threat.
Just like you all did w/dog & pony show of HRC & Obama State Department.  Spare us hand-wringing.
the republicans will never investigate one of their own and we all know it   Now lets have another email investigation
You're nothing but a chump for the #WashingtonCartel. Exaggerating the Russia threat while ignoring China.
and have a town hall meeting
WHAT!!! He did the set up alright, now you and your republican friends are carrying the water.
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews so you're just like John McCain you want to start war with Russia? You people are insane kissed Iran's ass
.@SenSasse @OWHnews While conducting oversight into the @POTUS & @WhiteHouse, please look into this https://twitter.com/jimsciutto/status/835202452014174210 … #FreePress
Just in: @CNN @nytimes @Politico & others blocked from attending White House gaggle with @PressSec. WH has so far offered no explanation
1/ it is your constitutional duty to investigate 45's connections to Russia and, most importantly, his mental fitness.
2/ That ridiculous display yesterday and the pathological lying are proof of a disaster waiting to happen.
Couldn't agree more. It's not just enough to "get tough" w/ Russia. We need a full & INDEPENDENT investigation.
Agree!
Why do we have any elected officials if we can "self-govern"?
@Andrea_Raffle @OWHnews

WORLD WAR III IS A VERY BAD IDEA

If you Warhawks want to get tough with Russia- get your combat boots on
@TheRickWilson @OWHnews Keep up your honorable, patriotic effort to hold Trump to account, Senator Sasse!
thank you for understanding and embracing your Constitutional role to be a check on the executive. Trump must be stopped!
Maybe, just maybe, there are enough principled Republicans to stop slide of USA into the snake-pit of oligarchy
.@SenSasse @TheRickWilson @OWHnews Left doesn't trust FBI, no one trusts Congress. Need independent, bipartisan commission + public hearings
So a few you keep saying...so far all talk and no action.
so...what are you doing to restore trust in our government?
Tough talk Midwest Senators & Representatives, where were you when Russian influence was actually happening?
Yeah get tough on Russia, we definitely need another unnecessary war. Wonder how much you clowns are invested in war?
when will you get tough with Mexico?
stand up to Trump!
"Give us an excuse to sweep this all under the rug."
Ben's useless words .. his votes matter not his  blah blah blah ...
@TheRickWilson @OWHnews 

I thank you for the effort, but as a citizen of this country I feel you need to do so much more.
@shonnarobinson I am tried of the oversight committee cowardly or waiting out 4 yrs...come now show strength rid staff of Bannon
@rumpfshaker @OWHnews Then you better get to work - your party's "leaders" sure won't do it.
@shonnarobinson  are our shouting about Russia shaming the US, the oversight committee does not have the courage you restore it!
@shonnarobinson Interesting thought from the GOP write a Bill addressing Russia!Your mouth are in control nothing stopping ERNST !
True that. She also needs to worry that Mexico has new corn & beef suppliers in Brazil,Austrailia,Argentina.TY Trump
Has @SenSasse voted against any nominees or proposals yet? Put up or shut up, as they say. @Evan_McMullin @OWHnews
The judiciary, the press and the people seem to have a backbone.  Republicans in Congress - not so much.
We don't need Trump to step up to Russia, we need him to step down.
Ok @BenSasse , then do it.  Independent bi-partisan investigation NOW.
.@SenSasse Don't just talk; investigate!
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews From your mouth to McConnell's ear
Whistling past the graveyard.
MAKE WAR GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you.
Benghazi! Emails! Oh...err...nevermind! Shit! Wrong party! Everything is A-OK here!
Step 1: investigate US collusion with Russia.  Step 2: Get tough on Russia as appropriate to confirmed full, facts.
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews you're starting to sound like my sen @LindseyGrahamSC. He always talks tough before he rolls over 4 trump
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews he says things but no action. He's trying to appear like he's concerned but like the other Gop doesn't act
also know that with the public's lack of trust in Congress, it will be insufficient to later just say "we looked; it's OK". We need evidence
so get on with it already
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews Please do before The Swamp looks like Nola post-Katrina.
Yes. Oversight. We trust you to do that. But the wall is down and the Cold War over. We should talk. In earnest.
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews start with Russia and Trump
your words mean nothing now you heard him all through the campaign his love for PUTIN shut up
bipartisan investigation of Trump's Russia connections incl taxes, business interests &election tampering is the only way
We need an independent counsel.
@Evan_McMullin 
Obviously
Quit covering your asses and do something. No one cares what you say when you are doing nothing.
You are, I hope, referring to oversight of investigation of Trump + Russia+ conflicts of interest + security breach
No one believes any of you anymore
Another bold stand in favor of ... what, exactly? from @SenSasse. Dude is on fire!
to restore trust in govt stop putting party agenda against the welfare of America-support independent investigation
I see you are still voting for every single Trump cabinet nominee. 
And he does that by blindly voting to confirm even the most flawed of Trump's nominees.
thank you senator. @Evan_McMullin @OWHnews
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews Why is it considered even remotely courageous to make banal stmts that support democratic values?  Sad.
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews If you want our trust, earn it by investigating Trump's Russian ties
.@Evan_McMullin @SenSasse if you want honest oversight and restoration of trust agree to an independent investigation on Trump and Russia
@SenJoniErnst Thank you!  All my life America was against these bastards because they are evil. Why not now?
Good to hear. Now are you going to actually make a Trump/Russia investigation happen?
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews Get moving on that independent investigation!
is that why you've voted with Trump 100% of the time so far, including DeVos, Pruitt and Sessions?  Deeds, not words.
I do not trust Trump. He's a serial fraud and liar.  I have no doubt he has inappropriate relations with Russia.
"Urge Trump To Get Tough With Russia" sounds like me "urging" the dog to get off the couch. Ineffective.

@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews
@BenSasse when do you begin? Talk is easy, work is hard. Open and thorough investigation needed right away.
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews Joni Ernst: The final nail in the coffin of what the Founders intended the senate to be. #FeralRepublic
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews Know what might have helped? Not marching lockstep on all the Cabinet noms, especially Tillerson/Pruitt!!!
@Evan_McMullin @OWHnews it would be a conflict of his personal interests.
you think he'll do anything when he's got his hand in the cookie jar? come on...
More empty rhetoric. You're not going to do a damn thing and you know it.
Yes it is. Now why isn't it being done? Where is the independent investigation? Omaha, lead us there.
urging Trump to "get tough" on Russia isn't oversight. Investigating Trump's illegal activities with Russia is. Do you job!!!
 Trump get tough with Russian?? Are you f**king kidding???.........
The public doesn't have any trust in you that's for sure!
Nice words, @SenSasse. So when do you plan to actually DO something about it?
when do you begin to lead with your vote?
That's a laugh and a half. Where were all of you for the past 16 years?
this is great - but time to really back it up in the Senate, not just on twitter
Any time now would be great, for Congress to start working on its constitutional duties. #merrickgarland #corrupttrump
are you and Joni going to do anything or just take brace stances?  Please. For the love of God help us.
The current administration has eroded more than trust; our national security's compromised. If this is genuine start NOW.
How about a real independent investigation Trump's business/Russian connections? Oh, he's ur standard bearer.
you might take a moment to remind McConnell and McCain of this
in what world do you live cuz the @SenateGOP Has no honesty, ethics or support for country
So far, y'all pretty much been summer soldiers.
Words without deeds are just that ... words. Do your job. Empty rhetoric won't cut it on Russiagate.
Sorry, Senator - when it the chips are down you fold like a cheap Trump suit. Or as we say: all meat, no potatoes.
You're a rubber stamp!
Investigate Trump-Russia-Tax Returns-Conflicts...do your job!
Would be great if Congress would step up and do its job, so we wouldn't have to ask the CIA to do it for you. You know.
.Where were you with your "congressional duty" when Merrick Garland's nom was sent to the Senate? You are all BS chatter.
We also need to know how his decisions affect his personal wealth. Stop everyting until we see those taxes. #CorruptGOP
Congress can require Trump to produce taxes FOLLOW THE MONEY Ur either part of the solution or Ur part of the problem
yes it is. Many in your party aren't there yet. Make them listen and get this done. Now
talk is cheap.  DO something, or you are just as complicit as Trump.
Will you have any public town halls during recess for honest discussions with Nebraskans? @SenSasse
I didn't serve to watch you "leaders" roll over and cower in the face of adversity.  Do your job or get out of the way.
.@SenSasse @OWHnews Public trust in self-governance requires an engaged State Department to promote stability abroad
BUT what are you doing about it? Talk is cheap, back it up with something.
so vote for it and stop talking
the number of trolls on your page is disheartening
When do you plan to start that Oversight? It's not been looking good from out here.
Good God, quit talking and do something.
Tweet us when you actually take some action rather than just talk big about it
hilarious this twitter is damn near as witty as your other one
Actions speak louder than words.  So far, you are just a smooth-talking coward.  Like the rest of your Party.  Pathetic.
@MortonOWH  The only way to restore trust is to have an independent investigation. Most of US have lost faith in gov't integrity.
Sounds hypocritical, Senator, given that you've voted for EVERY ONE of Trump's radical and untrustworthy cabinet picks!
let's talk about it at a Lincoln town hall!
Great. Co-sponsor a bill to force Trump to release his taxes. This in-between stuff only alienates everyone.
Your man is "in bed" with Putin. Of course, you have known that all along. #HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
@MortonOWH Why yes, it is. We're waiting...
Words are only a start. Where are your actions? Otherwise worthless.
You're failing so far...
Hold up legislation until transparency is granted or permitted.
Thank you. When is this oversighting going to begin? Have you cleared this tweet with your leaders?
lol- what a joke!! you guys are letting Trump roll all over you. and the American people. #2018
Then fucking DO SOMETHING
@MortonOWH Talk is cheap; DO something! all Rs have voted with DJT on questionable picks. Need to stand up for US, not Party
Republicans are cowards with no concept of duty-most won't even meet with constituents! WeWontForget @SenSasse @OWHnews
Any time now. You talk a good game, but have done zip
more action, less twitter talk
Yes. And the time for Congress to get into the game is now.
well then maybe you should actually start doing that. Like ASAP
feel free to get started any time.
Haven't done that so far. Why would we think you would do so now?
It is your constitutional duty to take action on the Senate floor votes, not on Twitter screens.
Do something.  All I'm hearing are words, words, words.  And then you and your party vote in lockstep for Trump's cabinet
Let us know when you are going to start.
He's ignorant, despicable and destructive. Call it what you want, every Republican owns this tragedy. Your blabla means nothing.
Yes.  We're waiting.  Any time now.... Still waiting.... Hello??...Any one...Bueller?
Stop talking and posturing. Start doing. Start defending the Constitution. All of you. #OurRevolution #RESIST #RESISTANCE
Lemme know when ya start, Ben. You make pretty talk, vote in goose-step w. Trump. Do you think we're so dumb that we don't see it?
talk is cheap.
INVESTIGATE
We need a bipartisan investigation and a special prosecutor. Sessions must recuse himself, he's been implicated as well.
talk is cheap
this is true.start with why are we paying 3 mil for the third time for Trump to schmooze with his business clients?
no bullshit please. Independent investigation, NO Sessions. Tax returns MUST be released. Investigate Pence too.
Yes.  Hold up all confirmation until we get answers.  The lack of confidence in congress doesn't look good for you all
if you all stand together you can stop this fascist Russian boot licker.
and the Constitution? #Emoluments
so how about looking into trump and Russia
Words mean nothing unless you take action. Tell us what you're doing to make this happen.
When are you coming back to Omaha for town halls to talk to your constituents?  Deb Fischer won't.
Urge you, Sen Rubio, Ranger Cotton press investigation, advocate release of the Flynn intercepts.
WHY is this just being brushed aside. Had this been HRC or Obama Senate & Congress would be SCREAMING for investigation!
how about you urge investigation on entire Trump/Flynn/Russia/Manafort/Page mess??? Where is your statement on that?
I will believe you will do your job when I see you do your job.
we need special prosecutor for trump/Russia/election.  #resist
so shouldn't you be investigating his connection to Russia?? Why is everyone ok with this??
& the #Liberal hysterical meltdown continue...
It's your Constitutional duty to investigate the criminals leaking info & don't apply #HRC type justice.
Agree, @SenSasse but is there any evidence beyond false media reports? @OWHnews
@quebryant @OWHnews When are you going to get on board with the American people and fight for what they want?
I will be watching and listening for your voice. Never have we needed a watchdog of the truth more. Please be that for us
I'd be more comforted by this if I hadn't heard Ran Paul say Republicans shouldn't investigate Republicans.
convince Chaffetz that.
it's also our constitution duty not to abandon our natural resources to corporate interests exclusively by appointing Pruitt
That horse left. We can all drink some coal slush if it helps exxon.
I can't believe you voted for Pruitt? Do you want to get re-elected?
you have a ways to go to restore trust.
How about getting tough on people leaking class. info? It's a disgrace to those who serve honorably & dangerous to USA security!
Does that duty include actual research into Cab Noms? Wait on the emails b4 Pruitt vote. Honorable thing to do.
Good first step. Actions will speak louder than words. We're counting on you Sen. Sasse. Thank you!
Liberals have massive trolls on twitter. We work. We WILL VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE SIR.
Senator? How come you weren't this upset with the reset button? We will remember to vote you out!
Please make sure your actions reflect this & demand bipartisan indep investigation into all activity with Russia by Trump admin.
As far as over sight!! You just want to run things!!
Let President Trump and His Team decide how to handle foreign affairs!! You'd be the first to bitch about  results
