Hypocrite. "We love babies & we love moms, as well." Oh... Those ones in Syria, "not our problem. Right?"
umm..,no, we'll have to disagree. Did u know more Americans killed by lightning in last 8 yrs than immigrants?
Produce those facts. Arguing over Soros is a dead end. Who r elitists in the Cabinet now? Goldman Sachs? Bend over
of course you do. Nameless & faceless = no cajones. No cajones to back up ur palaver. Lightning kills more. Need data?
give a shit about them once they're born and stop trying to tell women what they can do. Oh wait, 'Not my problem' then right?
I put it in quotes. A fetus isn't a baby until it's scientifically a baby. Science doesn't care what you believe
Still not the same point. We will never agree about telling a woman what she can do with her own body. Fini
point taken. But no one is arresting anyone yet. You will never win. You may now have the last word.
where were you when Nebraska women marched for ALL rights?
Nebraska women marched against rights for the unborn. I'm glad @SenSasse didn't march for that. #WhyWeMarch #MarchForLife
no we didn't
So, you were not marching in sympathy with the Women's March on Washington which was firmly in support of PP and abortion?
people marched for many reasons. Pro-life people marched with people who support PP.
Thank goodness @SenSasse didn't march with those who support Planned Parenthood, which performs > 300,000 abortions annually.
as long as you and @SenSasse are just as outraged by the refugees who are dying, then I fully support you as truly pro life
I am sure you have many other demands, besides. If you respected the humanity of the unborn, you would not make any. @SenSasse

Columbus Police pepper sprayed peaceful demonstration in Ohio last night. Why double standard?
you mean this crowd?
.@SenSasse March for Life is abt love? Why do repubs want 2 deny single moms welfare benefits 2 raise the children you claim to love? Phony.
all lives? Syrian refugees who are seeking solace from civil unrest? Oh no, not THOSE lives....you are a hypocrite!
If the fetus you save is gay will you still fight for it's rights? I know the answer. YOU are on the WRONG side #TheResistance
@1RonnieD  Had an abortion at 19 b/c I was terrified to tell my parents. It almost destroyed me mentally next 20 yrs! Educate all!

what a joke re march for life tens of thousands women's march4.5m
you are out of touch and soon to be voted out of office.#helpNE
No more #proFetus #AntiWomen legislation. NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS. You control your sperm, women will control their Uterus.
We're not concerned about anyone's uterus but we are concerned for unborn children.
what about after the birth?? Are you there for all who are already born or just those in the uterus?
Tausha: About a dozen of my personal friends have adopted 2nd families of multiple children. You?
I would if I could afford them but I can't so I am pro-choice and none of my business.
yes that's Womens first go to for birth control. How about you make it law that men have to stay with whoever they get pregnant?!
Too bad the media took the day off that day.
why don't you do your job and stop filming promotional videos on our dime!
what about the lives of people block by the ban, Senator??
@baseballcrank 
Enjoy the Senate while it lasts
Your constituents are not the fools
You think they are
1 Term & Done Ben
LOL liberals
take away a woman's choice in the process of men also being irresponsible but they walk away w  their body choice
I don't understand what you are trying to say. Sorry. @SenSasse
reproduction, it takes 2 to make a baby. Man chooses to walk away the woman can't walk away - #choice
God made us that way. We have had to live with it ever since we were made.  @SenSasse
I believe a woman has a choice, regardless of by belief in life.  Take away her choice she is punished - man walks
A child is not a punishment but a gift from God. There is always help if you ask.  @SenSasse
what world do you live in?  Who do you ask?
the crowds for the women's march were more impressive
to say the pro-life movement is non-violent marginalizes the women you care nothing about, also clinic bombings are very violent.
That's great, but these children deserve better AFTER they're born as well.  Please oppose the nomination of Betsy DeVos
RESIGN TRAITOR.
@PolitiBunny Beautifully said Senator Thank you 4 your commitment to life. & the reminder that all are created in the image of God
I like your "this is not avout power comment"
Hopefully they opposed the Muslim ban DT tried to instate.  Unless of course you all are hypocrites & it's about controlling wmn
I support Planned Parenthood because better contraception means fewer abortions. We can all win if pro-lifers see that.
AMEN!
What about the lives of Iraqis who helped our soldiers as informants and interpreters who we've now abandoned?
1) There R fewer abortions than in last 30 yrs, 2) Where do U stand on safety net for all those children/mothers? Food, housing, education?
The Women's March was very much the same :) Luv
... nicely put ...
Now, if you actually pass a bill recognizing the life of the unborn, you'd be counted as courageous. March indicts you
That is your personal opinion on abortion. In the end it is a woman's decision to choose what she wants to do with her own body
Your hundreds pale in comparison to the millions that marched for women's rights. The people have spoken. You need to listen
this rally is only as good as the provisions in place to care for moms & babies post pregnancy. Life is until death not neonatal
pretty small compared to women’s march.
how can you be pro life & support banning refugees thus creating a #Muslimban. Or you only support Christian, white American life?
Right now, refugees fleeing death are being turned away by ExecOrder. NE hosts refugees. They are our neighbors. SPEAK OUT.
I hope you also stick up for the 1000s of refugee kids whose lives are now @ risk because of POTUS' unconstitutional #MuslimBan
Right to life if: White, Christian & >9mo conception. #MuslimBan #crickets
Why is unborn or American life all that is sacred? Or do you join those of us opposed to the President's immoral refugee order?
Not even close to the @womensmarch numbers. Choice.
^^ @flippin_pages @JWilliams1010 this is the guy we talked about at lunch.
Please support Planned Parenthood which actually prevents abortion through woman's reproductive health outreach.
time to be a leader Senator. Stand up to this fascist before we don't recognize our country.
Great video! My family is donating diapers, baby clothes, formula, etc. today to a charity supporting young mothers. #CultureOfLife
Yeah, but where do you stand on the Hearing Protection Act?
@wendyvoss thank you Senator you set the example.
beautiful!!! So proud of y'all!!
God Bless America! God Bless Donald Trump and little children!
...except for Syrian kids or black kids or brown kids or Muslim kids or Hindu kids or kids from welfare families...
What are you doing to help preserve life in light of the massive damages caused by oil pipelines?
you need to get Trump out of office
Im now really Prolife & VEGAN = https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1x3QCc7-_I … (WATCH then ask many reasons as healthcare,environment,famine).
@exegete77 
And the TV news reported "tens of thousands..." That's WAY off!!!
Once you have banned abortions in the U.S. will you be calling for the death penalty for women who perform illegal abortions?
Prohibiting abortion does not stop abortions (over 6 million a yr in Latin America): https://www.guttmacher.org/sites/default/files/factsheet/ib_aww-latin-america.pdf …
Celebrating this BS while this goes on. You have to stand up now. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/28/us/refugees-detained-at-us-airports-prompting-legal-challenges-to-trumps-immigration-order.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
A "pro-life" spokeperson on @amjoyshow stated that pill and IUD birth control should be illegal as well. #slipperyslope
My bucket list is to go march next year!
you bless this nation with your voice and participation in the governing process.  Thanks!!
@FrancisOlmeda2 umm, abortion being murder is a Muslim concept too #MuslimBan
Please send me a link to your support of the #WomensMarchOnWashington that had much larger crowds internationally - peacefully
@lonestartx1 this is a real protest! Not the other hateful riots seen earlier this week. #alllivesmatter
Please consider #TheProvisionOfTheNecessities
Why don't you stand up for the ones already born?
Please speak out against the EO banning refugees. This is un-American
Are you also thinking of the lives you will ruin if you destroy Medicare?
Just think how much bigger the march would have been if it'd been on a Sat. People were working. #MarchForLife
Full of love & compassion means staying out of women's wombs.  Shame on you
@MatthewJKovar We love President Trump not Sasse!
, Rape victims?should a Child be born into unhappiness?  Science is evolution not money and religon!  Extreme right must stop!
you do realize I hope the woman's march had so many people actual marching it was impossible because no room left to move .
thank you
It was incredible!
sorry but it's a bit disingenuous since you attempted to get (40 week abortion) hillary elected. Your credibility is gone
save it Ben you puke. Listen to the people support Trump
So refreshing to see people show up & expose themselves to the incessant bullying of the pro-death crowd.The cause is worth it! #March4Life
so continue to provide contraception to prevent abortions! This is the most effective way!
Beautiful! Wonderful message #MarchforLife proud of all who participated.
i'm about to vomit
wow.  If only these folks would have shown up last Friday, then Dear Leader wouldn't have to resort to photoshop
Just love the way MSNBC and CNN and other media covered this, not quite like the protesters who marched for anything, great job media
Excellent!  Thank you for sharing!
How about the same energy applied to the trampling of religious freedom in America today? The Republic is dying and you're on watch!
@AHMalcolm So what about life snuffed out by guns in the US? Will you ban them like you do immigrants?
I bet they didn't leave the trash on the ground like the women's march after the inauguration.
No, the trash is in their minds and their hearts! If you don't want an abortion, don't have one!
you are insane. The belief that people shouldnt kill another human being is trash in their H&M? #rationalization
It's not your choice!
exactly
more and more of this.
in a world of camera drones, you run up on the roof. Sigh. You're a nation of geniuses. Perfect president.
@AmericnElephant Because we know logic & help have  arrived in the form of #PresidentTrump
.@SenSasse If you care about life, stand up to POTUS before people start dying. Like, NOW
Great video senator
But was it world wide and in 325 US towns? We're people marching for it in below 0 temps in Fairbanks?
that was great! Thank you!
new fan right here.  Great video.  Thank you.
u r educated cmon man!
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing! <3
How about some respect for this life?  https://twitter.com/chrismurphyct/status/825173776681807872 … #ChrisMurphy
To my colleagues: don't ever again lecture me on American moral leadership if you chose to be silent today. 
@KassyDillon LOVElife
#prolife is not just about babies. Its also about immigrants, earth, the poor & marginalized. Stand against the immigration ban!
Thanks for tweeting this. Share w/America too
@fr_gonzales Will you be documenting the deaths of refugees we won't be taking in now ? #hypocrisy
you gonna volunteer your home to take care of these refugees? we need to worry about our country first!
will you adopt babies from the women who may change their mind about an abortion?
yes i would, but as a single woman, i would have to jump through hoops to get it tho.
Single gay men are adopting everyday. You must have something in your past that would prevent you
i have nothing in my past preventing me
then go for it. Send me pictures and adoption certificates or SHUT UP
no need for rudeness dude...i was taught not to tell people to "shut up" #manners
Never read the comments. #Evergreen
You kicked ass here, @SenSasse. Good.
@baseballcrank So great to see this
I was more impressed by the four million who marched last weekend.
I was there today! It was an amazing event to witness!
hopping aboard the crowd size train huh?  I really had high hopes for you.  Seems like you are just like the rest of Washington
Proud to see my senator making a case for life! Now to implement pro life policies from womb to tomb!
Better do it while you still have a job in Washington Ben..
l am hopeful he will be unemployed soon And w/o benefits.
Soon enough one and done is the new campaign slogan for you Ben!
How do you feel about the fact that POTUS chose MfL & Holocaust Rem Day to tell the world that a Muslim life is worth less to us?
Might you be twisting the facts just a bit?
Beautiful! Just Beautiful! #MarchForLife #Adoption
Better call Trump and show him you are on board with crowd size being critical.  He'll be impressed.
I AM PRO LIFE 
https://twitter.com/TwoKidsIsEnough/status/825147568816529408 … You don't pay; you don't get a say. No more #proFetus legislation, BTW #WomensMarchOnWashington was bigger
valid and worthwhile concern adult autism. Just don't force me to pay for it through taxation.
@MSNBC has covered this march throughout the day, senator. No need to be up on the roof on such a cold day.
