How do you not know what GOP stands for #idiot it's about #maga!
Where is your outrage Ben?
Thank you for your service and your tribute
Us senator no comment on #ParisClimateAccords ???
@BenSasse you have joked on @Twitter & worked to #SellYourBook since Jan - while brave #Citizen #Patriots have fought #tRUMP
#WeWillRemember
Video a ok
YOU DONT KNOW WHAT OUT POTUS STANDS FOR YOU MUST GO IN 2018
U. S. Senator doesn't have the class or courage to compliment President Trump on #parisagreements  #allaboutbenfolks
Senator, a fellow Nebraska fan #SethRich is an unsolved murder that all of D.C. is trying to cover up. Why?
Ben, when are you announcing that you've officially switched parties???? We're all wondering when!
Our heroes fought for AMERICA will you? This is unacceptable.
Liberal friends don't like you now huh.
No comment on Paris agreement? What the matter? Actual issue you have to make a decision
People in Georgia and Florida and Texas think your goofy fk. How would you get any states. You even have over bite
I have a lot of anxiety over people like you who sabotage president for own ambitions. Very concerning.
Senator: If you don't know what the Republican Party stands for maybe you should change party. Your friends McCain & Flack can join you.
The citizens will sass you back because they want you to succeed.heal the divide don't exacerbate it
The cutest Senator ever!  What a great guy!  A bright future for this guy!!
So, could you look into your own Omaha born Seth Rich and help expose who killed him? Could help redeem your fall from decency.
Paris accord? No comment?
Awesome video and history lesson!  I had no idea the background.  #GBR
Video AOK
It is very upsetting to see your support of Pai's attack on #NetNeutrality. This will not go unnoticed.
Who authorized @jaredkushner to seek to setup back channel communication with Russia?? @realDonaldTrump
Wow!  I never knew !
way to frame this story into a pick you up by your bootstraps deal, despite the fact the gov. was too petty to honor fallen soldiers.
Thnk u @BenSasse. My Great, Great Uncle died fighting in WW1 in France and is buried in Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery. Proud of him! GBR!
This is a wonderful story.
Well said I like you and I was with her just because I could've never been with him continue to impress you might see many take notice.
@SenSasse Great and insightful conversation with Charlie Rose
Proud to have you representing us senator.
Interesting story. Inspiration same in many communities after WWI. Love #Huskers but still #NeverSasse You've burnt too many.
Nice video, but you and your party support cuts that hurt military families.
Thank you Senator.
Great video! Who knew this was the meaning behind this wonderful stadium?!
You would make a great president, I hope that happens! You represent our state and country in respectful manner, thank you.
Thanks for the back story.
You're a lot smarter & much more interesting than I could've ever imagined. Please don't let Washington corrupt you - DC has consumed many
Too late, Google his DC pedo problem. 
Sasse is a liberal loser
Waiting for you to speak up on Trump.
Show your courage & Americans will remember.
Well done @BenSasse ! We need leaders to tell the stories of our country's history to the next generation.
Nice sentiment, but @BenSasse 's voice needs to be heard on the attack from within to our ideals. For a good man, his silence is deafening.
#sethrich was a fan of the @Huskers
We don't need a sitting senator who ever served to give us a lesson.  We can watch tv for that. Get to work.
#GBR
Memorial Stadium is your choice for monument to our fallen heroes???????? Very SAD! Many memorial sites in NE dedicated to them!
This was a memorial built to honor the fallen men of Nebraska in WWI and is the most recognizable in the state. Completely appropriate.
It allowed sasse to take his kids to game and not put any effort into it.
always the showman. Every indication Putin's now pulling the WH strings but by all means continue to jog around covering your ears
Well done @SenSasse!
Great theater; but you could honor the memory of our fallen heroes who died for the principles of our country by standing up for them
In the United States senate; the institutions of democracy are under assault while a reticent Republucan Party let's it happen; so think
Long and hard about standing up for your country and their memory; enjoy your weekend
Thanks for sharing. Great story!
Thank you to all our men & women who have fought and fighting for this country. Happy Memorial Day
