With all due respect @POTUS is in charge of the executive branch! You are not! You and your colleagues have a bigger problem! Obamacare lie
Yes and Sasse is part of the legislative branch! The President is in the executive branch! You point is what??
Checks and balances.  He doesn't have free power.
He has the power to fire the AG IF HE WANTS. He can also appoint a new AG DURING RECESS if he chooses. That's all I'm saying.....
Sheesh.. what's with these people thinking they can change the rules just because the don't like Trump..the recess appt is allowed..
Only if a motion to recess passes by 60 votes.
Of course the recess appt only applies if they actually go on recess, they he would have authority to appoint without a confirmation
Thank you @SenSasse. Now, please vote against "Skinny Repeal" & fight to improve healthcare rather than shred it for political purposes.
Hands off. Get government OUT of the insurance business and OUT of the health care business. #FullRepeal now and never #SinglePayer
Sooo... you want more people to have no access to healthcare at all?
She'd also like extremely high deductibles in her insurance. She'd rather poor people die than her have to help anyone. Selfishness 101.
Take care of your own insurance. I am not your mommy. You want socialist medicine? America does not do that. No coerced charity in USA.
2 of 2 I' guessing you "earned" you money by a) not taking care of employees well or b) sleeping with a richer guy.  Which was it?
America does do that Lynda, it called Medicare. You will regret that statement once your boy slashes that budget too.
They don't understand that their insurance is subsidized by the government as well and that once that's gone, prices will skyrocket
#Antifa started the violence. TRUMP called them out and you damn pussies have the balls to complain about that? R U NUTS???
antifa looks a lot like #Nazis in Germany
You & all the TRUMP haters who have whined about him calling them out as violent support #FASCISM
Wish U w/ speak out abt abomination of #Obamacare, undermining of #RuleofLaw, etc. .@JeffSessions s/ not be fired, but worry abt UR state!
Your Care givers and Technology saved your life. Gov't programs make these factors more costly Competitive markets improve health for all
Many people had no access to that care before ACA.
Many ppl lost their drs, their plans, and their healthcare thanks to Obamacare.
And significantly more got health insurance for the first time. Instead of only ER help, they can get real care. I just got a new doctor.
No, millions had costs double or triple, lost their insurance, or pays for useless Obamacare that few drs n hospitals accept.
So SASSE, When the PEOPLE are ready, they will answer to ANTIFA .
will never be the President. You have burned too many bridges. Resign now. Trump 2020! #MAGA
Hey Sasse..........
Ben, you lost all credit ability when you went on Mahers show. Time to go away now.
You seem to think you can tell OUR @POTUS what to do. No,you cannot. You are a SENATOR of 1 state. He is the PRESIDENT of 50 states.
Sen Sasse needs to support POTUS or be sent back to the cornfields in Neb.  I'll vote for any Republican or Independent who challenges him.
A word of humble advise to #BenSasse If you're thinking of telling Trump what do do, forget about it.
President Trump can fire whoever he wants to.  Little Ben Sasse can't stop him.  All he has is one vote.  Trump wins vs Senate wins=zero.
Senate Judiciary Chair said last night... no confirmation hearings on new AG in 2017. He can fire him sure, good luck finding a replacement.
Also firing him, a guy who is an ally, makes him look guilty.
Guilty of what?  That is the problem with fake news & squishy Republicans. I think some are actually believing this hoax. The stupid party
Now is a good time to remind you that you are an elected official. You work for the people of Nebraska for now! 2021  roll up your sleeves.
Get to work and pass tax reform.
GREAT WAY to show your constituents you support YOUR President. What a joke....
STAND STRONG for conservatism! #CutTheirCard! #BalancedBudgetOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Yes violence is coming because of schmucks like u & the rest of #GOPigs have done nothing to stop this rape of American history by #ANTIFA.
Sasse, please be quiet.
you have lost your cotton pick in mind, and many loyal GOP dont care for you right now. Support our @POTUS .
Support Our POTUS, the man We the People Voted our as President or GET OUT!
Why should he ???! You won't be there to stop it !! Obarmy did it all the time !! Don't threaten ! Help him govern !!!! Worthless !!!
Balance the federal budget &
reform entitlement programs!! DO NOT raise the debt ceiling! #CutTheirCard!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Ben Ben Ben, just switch to Democrat party. Don't be such a wimp.
Sessions has no worries. Great AG.
#FakeNewsAlert
U found a voice when Obama left office. The GOP is a bunch of wimps who want their "swamp privilege" and attack Trump. Drain the swamp of U.
Tired of you thinking that it's your responsibility to critique the President. @potus  Working against Trump doesn't help NE. #SelfishSasse
I don't see your AG doing a damn thing about our statues and monuments being destroyed or taken down. Simply un American!
You need to do more to protect America from this authoritarian president.  He needs to be impeached before he causes a civil war in the USA.
U Attack @POTUS 4 EVERYTHING, but I have NOT seen you attack Dem. State Senator Maria Chappelle-Nadal, who tweeted 4 ASSASSINATION of @POTUS
I can't tell you how sad it has been to watch you continue the attacks on this ELECTED PRESIDENT. He deserves better from his own party.
He won legitimately, Ben, my advise to you is to NOT undermine the constitution just because you don't like The People's vote
Who the hell are you to give advice to anyone alt lefty?
The jealousy drips by Rino wannabe Presidents who fail to accept America Trust Trumps decisions not Yours!! His decisions are ours! Stay out
Your not the boss - never will be!  No one would put you in Whitehouse so dream on.
Get Trumps appointments done! That's your job! His staff is his job!
Ben Sasse's humility is an oxymoron
I would love to see a statement like this one from @SenSasse condemning @realDonaldTrump's reaction to white supremacist groups. #Leadership
what
About time u stopped attacking POTUS and attacks the communist Dems
blah blah blah just words just words just words blah blah blah blah toady toady toady toady
#ResignTrump or #ImpeachTrump
If you show disrespect for our President you surely will not respect  your constituents.
No one likes you.
Stop it! Just stop writing this carp!
make me sick to see you fight so hard to block POTUS agenda after we worked so hard to get him elected. Hoping you will NOT BE RE elected
You're correct, and as I often disagree with you, it's fair I acknowledge it. The larger issue is this talk is part of the Trumpian pattern.
How come you have not said a word about the DOJ tarmac emails?Is it because it makes POTUS look good and Obama look bad?You're a liberal.
A humble word of advice people voted for the president Agenda not yours the elite &norm in Republican Party lost look at candidates who lost
He never was, it was a smoke screen, so Congress would support Sessions going after the Deep State.
Thanks for keeping Obama the Manchurian President from exceeding his powers.  Read "Understanding Trump"
2.integrity, principles, intelligence...almost everything the GOP is short on. I'd just like to thank the man.
1.Senator Sasse can you please tell me how to get in contact w Senator Gordon Humphrey? On twitter? Email? Address? I am impressed w courage
Aren't you guys gavelling in every three days?  Or is it the Democrats' turn for that job?

"Well, I'm certainly concerned," said Sen. Lindsay Graham, staring at the mushroom cloud. "It's very troubling," added Sen. Ben Sasse.

"Well, I'm certainly concerned," said Sen. Lindsay Graham, staring at the mushroom cloud. "It's very troubling," added Sen. Ben Sasse.
Why don't you do something about the ducking president get him out of the White House now
Trump is dangerous! He can't control his tweeting/mouth. PLEASE start the process for the 25th amdmt. We need a mentally stable leader.
Why didn't you keep your promise to repeal and fix the HCare mess we're in! On recess while we're hurting out here!
I wld like to humbly say you guys need to stay and fix the HCare debacle! We are hurting and your on recess
Bought your book, wish I hadn't, get behind Trump or get voted out...
All for the constitution,yet Clinton runs free ? Blowing smoke up ur own political ass to make a run for President yourself?
Where's your statement on NYT claims of your shadow campaign Ben SasseHole? People are sick of you nevertrumpers! You're no better than Dems
And forget about you running against him in 2020. You are a joke and I hope you'll be voted out.
You will never be president
You ar elected to serve "we the People' not the GOP, Not U, not K street, us and @POTUS  do your JOB anything else, unacceptable
Good job thx
So tired of #Republican Senators NOT supporting our #POTUS. #TRUMP is the best thing that has happened to this country! 
#TRUMP2020
#MAGA

"Never Trump", Senate Republican Ben Sasse is considering running against Prez Trump in 2020.  This is why I ceased $ to GOP.  NO UNITY 
Hey punk thinking about running for president forget it. You saw what trump did to 16 men who are a hell of a lot  more accomplished than U

BEN this is the reason why U will never become POTUS because you believe in the BS stories out there and act upon them.
When did we appoint Senators to run the executive branch?
Word of humble advice to you Sasse - do your job as Sen before looking for another job at the Heritage or the crazy thought of a 2020 run
Don't embarrass yourself!
We all get that you oppose our president.  Big deal.  So what?  Are YOU going to DO anything?  Or are you just a big mouth?
Quit demeaning our president
A word of humble advice for Ben Sasse. If you are going to go to Iowa, realize the only thing you will win there is the pie eating contest
I just read a funny joke. It said you visited Iowa. Does this means you are throwing your hat in for 2020? FORGET ABOUT IT!! #NEVERTRUMPER
Better find something else to do. Next election cycle you're gone. You're no different than previous backstabbers. Nelson, Hagel, Kerry
The president has the authority to do it!
Who are you and why do you matter?  Can you answer that please?
If your not going to work with the President get out. Were paying your wages.
word of advice pedo Ben..back off..
Oh go away. You were a loser the first day I met you at Midlands College the year Dana closed. You were FOS then too.
Stand behind the President.. that's why you were voted in. Also stand behind the voters in your State!
What authority do you have? We are your employer. U &anyine else pushing back against OUR President will soon be in unemployment line
What can you do about it?
A word of advice to you Ben start looking for a new job mini McCain
Where was the celebration for Reoublicans when trump signed the Russian sanctions?  Did I miss the beer truck and applause?
FO Wth have you done/accomplished since getting into office....Yeah I thought so
Interesting...looks like you have more support from the democrats than the republicans...that should tell you something.
Just like McCain.
Support our President and get back to work
Hey smartass Ben, Is this a veiled political threat to duly elected .@POTUS .@realDonaldTrump?We VOTERS demand #Mueller FIRED.@AP
Actually if America was working as it should Mueller wouldn't even be allowed to be seated on a Jury in any case he is currently overseeing
Thank you Sen Sasse. It's stupid that this possibility even exists. Too many games played in DC to get around honest transparent governing
Please post a link to your research and ideas to replace ObamaCare. That was your promise to get elected and we need to see it.
Ben has to be replaced!!! Never Trumper has to go!
We are gonna take all Republicans out at the ballot box that are not on the side of our President. Your the 1st Ben Sasse.
Humble.......President.    Two words that don't really go together well.
Nice speech. Unfortunately, talk is cheap. All talk, no action.
It's not against the Constitution for a President to relieve an AG of their position.
Then start following it.

I wonder what authority he thinks he has
Tell it @SenSasse !
If only you cared as much about people who need affordable health care
OUR COUNTRY is at stake and it's a reality TV show out of the WH. Our country can't be run this way.It's unsustainable. He's unfit
The joint Congress needs to do SOMETHING!!  The world is watching Trump mock the Presidency,his own staff our Democratic process,
He's not going to fire him  he's going to move him into Kellys spot. Then u know what he's going to try and do .
Thank you, Senator. I'm probably 180 degrees away from you ideologically, but I admire your integrity and sense of decency. We need that.
Please move to protect our Special Counsel. Justice and the rule of law must not be circumvented.
I generally like your thoughtfulness and concern for enduring democratic values, but time to stop playing cute with Trump.  Time for action
Education for @SenSasse the President of the USA HAS the authority and the power to fire ANYONE working under him. YW
As soon as this clown is up for re-election send this Never Trumper back home to Nebraska.
NICE limited government really maybe you should have thought about that when repealing ACA that did NOT get repealed ACA is NOT limited gov
grandstanding about  a made up situation
DEAR BEN  @SenSasse ....
THANK YOU 4 STEPPING UP TO THE PLATE WHEN IT COMES TO @GOP SO-CALLED "BULLY" PRESIDENT TRUMP!
U ALWAYS HAD URS....
You grandstand Sessions--racist, lying under oath, etc. 4 party bt U voted YES on repeal/no replace ACA! Golly gee folksy crap doesnt cut it
Why didn't you follow John McCain vote?
Here, read this and learn about what is and is not "exceeding their powers" according to the Constitution: http://www.let.rug.nl/usa/outlines/government-1991/the-executive-branch-powers-of-the-presidency/presidential-powers.php …
The president gets elected to run the Executive Branch according to the Constitution.  You are a lawmaker.  Not an executive.
Still waiting for you to explain how the president running the Executive Branch is "exceeding their power" under the Constitution.
SEPARATE, but equal does not mean one taking over the other and telling the other one how its run.
The only one "exceeding their power" here in your statement is YOU, Mr. Sasse.  YOU don't have the authority over the Executive Branch!
So running the Executive Branch is now a power given to the Legislative Branch?  Where in the Constitution is that located?
A word to @SenSasse, you will NOT be reelected. Please do you job and support Americas President!
You talk a big game and put on the knee pads every time. Get bent.
I believe it's spelled "fahgitabouit"

Thank you.  Please also do more.
Thank you
Says the man that has voted with the idiot 100% of the time
Please, you'll do nothing. His entire administration is filled with traitors and the @GOP puts party & power before the country. You suck
Wow!!!  Bravo!!!
Thanks Ben!  Keep providing your "humble advice" although I am certain it falls on deaf ears for the ones who need it the most!
Thank you, Sen. Sasse!
I just checked your resume and it's very weak in accomplishments. Pretty words after the fact, but where is the action when it counts?
Keep your advice to yourself, mind your business and do your job
Stop trying to change the subject ...

Do "your" job and focus on the healthcare.
This investigation of Pres. Trump is nonsense. Where is the concern for the multible crimes of Hilary and Obama? Are you with us?

Excuse me but our government isnt as you call it limited. Its over reaching. WTF @SenSasse . Are you becoming part of the swamp?
Hey Ben...where was this spine when Obama was president?
We want better and deserve it.  I will knock on doors to make sure you and Deb are gone in 2018.
You talk out both sides of your mouth. At the end of the day, you would vote for us to have the proposed GOP healthcare. NO!!
You are full of it. You don't listen to Nebrskans. We don't want your parties crap healthcare. Work with each other and figure it out
With all due respect Senator, firing Sessions may possibly be Trump's greatest legacy
Thank you, Senator Sasse....keep him accountable...
Bravo, Sen. Sasse!
Vote you out!!!!!     VYO!!!!!!
Hey Ben, wake up. You're sounding like a pipsqueak on steroids not a US Senator. Try shutting up and working for the President's agenda.
We're tired of your stagnant rhetoric and excuses...why didn't  u hv a working bill made up for fix/repeal aca...?? 
Let's just admit it. How do you hire a comm director so he can advise to fire his boss? If he goes after JS. Impeach the fool
Thank you Sen.Sasse. I understand that Dems & Reps have (and should have) differing policy opinions, but we are not enemies. Trump hates us.
Your actions speak so loudly, I cannot hear what you say...paraphrasing RWE
A word of advice for the Senator.  Your Twitter persona is not real as evidenced by your ACTUAL votes. #ActionsAlwaysSpeakLouderThanWords
Good to see you stand up and show some courage... where the hell was it last night? #cowardlycongress
Who are you as a JR senator to tell POTUS what to do. You guys can't even do what YOU were elected to do.

Bravo, sir! Bravo.
This my friends is precisely what America needed at this time, and Senator Sasse delivered it when needed. #courage
Worry about health care, Ben!
Let's see if you follow through.
Maybe they the public should move you out
