The attempted coup (Shadow Government) began in psychical manifest when we refused to identify Sharia Muslims. IE-Patriot Act
I'm not sure what more I can do 2 help
Other than 2 make O aware WE know
Evil  #ShadowGovernment
@RebellionVote @balkan_princeza @SenSasse
The shadows are being exposed! Woo-hoo #GODBLESSTHEUSA #Pray4DJT #AmericaFirst #MAGA #TrumpsArmy
how r u on letting 25 million lose health care; on demanding the Oredident is held accountable for conflicts if interest
not very much im@guessing; not very much
You should start by confirming Garland.
so you're in agreement with Trump/Bannon plan to deconstruct the administrative state?
#GOPtreachery threatening our great democracy. If they don't resist, they collude.
vote on Garland then we will give Republicans the next one. But let's get Trump investigated first
Wondering if you can tell me why you’re okay moving forward with hearings on Gorsuch when you wouldn’t have hearings for Garland.
No hope for you ... why are you throwing away your childrens' futures ... no one even came to Trump's Nashville propaganda rally
.@SenSasse I'm concerned about one Chief Executive and his lack of accountability... confirming #gorsuch will likely aid Donald's overreach.
thanks for sharing. I like your views. Wish our govt wasn't so divided and we could have more bipartisanship.
Concerned about a man who puts businesses over human lives? #denyGorsuch
I'm concerned about a congress that hasn't seemed to take the message of what happened last November
@_political_p If be much more open to Federalism if state government wasn't so easy to buy. @ScottPruittOK
Why not official press releases since Mar 1?
Like the one sitting in the WhiteHouse ... Pres. Bannon?  Save it for someone who believes your half baked bullshit ...
No, I'm not concerned about "lack of accountability" in government agencies because I'm not paid by Club for Growth to trash CFPB.
Showing what jerks & idiots the dems Are GREAT job senator! You are right!! Your state can be PROUD of you!
Nebraska!  Wake up! Sen. Ben Sasse TODAY! Friday morning from 8 a.m. to 9 a.m. at Elkhorn South High School.
But first #confirmgarland
Vote him out! Let's stop gerrymandering!
like you did with Garland??
much more concerned about the executive branch, no credibility and an embarrassment to the world
StayTheCourse Ignore neg comments Left accuse others of being what they themselvs are. ie,Trump authoritarian, obama acommodating
Merrick Garland should have had his confirmation hearing.  Gorsuch will be confirmed.  More important issues. #Russia #TaxReturns
Mostly I'm worried that we elected a bigoted child as president
confirm a liars choice, of course you will
overreaching executives? You mean corporate executives? Will Gorsuch go after Citizens United? Well that's just great.
@mschlapp Your haterd for PDT IS so obvious without given him a chance. You never say anything nice. Why don't you become a Dem
Gorsuch believes Corporations shouldn't have more rights than people? No wonder you support him. You're not as bad as I thought.
Yes x3. Most of Govt is faceless/nameless ppl who are not held accountable.
nope. How about your racist colleague Steve King in the lower house? STILL nothing to say about it?
NO ON GORSUCH.
"Make America Great Again" by actually acting as a check on the maniac in the White House, not his rubber stamp brigade.
still towing the party line. Russia matters more than any of this. Trump is a crook. How can you support him?
Gorsuch can wait.
after 16 plus years of overreaching executive branch, now your concerned?
Give it up dude....you are a freakshow.....nobody trusts you...you blew it...had a chance...but...like @maddow got Caponed
No we need Garland first. Gorsuch can wait in line for some other judge to die before he can sit on the supreme court
If all of America were half this concerned about civics, we would solve our political problems.  Thank you, sir.
a watchful Congress would be a better solution perhaps?
I'm concerned about overreaching politicians, giving huge tax breaks to the ultra-wealthy.  Care to comment?
He never replies to the tough questions!
boooooooooooooooooo 
More concerned you leaving Ag Committee!!! Forget what drives NE????
keep it up Sen. Sasse. I am an independent and you give me hope.
. You talk as if regulatory process lacks Exec & Leg input and oversight. As a scholar & Senator, you know that's not the case.
thanks for approving people who have severe conflicts of interest.
how about concern about just everyone in this White House except Mattis?
Worried about you not coming out against #Trumpcare. Be pro-life and come out against this proposed legislation.
you do realize Gorsuch is an originalist which is a logically and morally corrupt activist philosophy. @openargs @DebFischerNE
hmmm, seems @realDonaldTrump is campaigning for 2020. I thought we weren't supposed to confirm a justice during pres campaigns
Hard to listen to quotes re: Justice Scalia and not think he would be appalled by the blockade against Garland. Advise and consent
Terrific speech, by the way. America is a better place for civic minds like yours (though we disagree on most things) Thank you
just a reminder Scalia is an activist who used originalism to overule 100+ years of jurisprudence
I am no fan. Believe his final decisions (and insults to Kennedy) petty beyond belief
I want to make Congress great again, which is why I support Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland. Why didn't you give him a vote?
you're a good American. Thank you for serving in government.
Are you saying other justices and nominees like Judge Merrick Garland don't care about the same issues?
Unless we can change something stalling is a childish and hurts us all. Oppose Gorsuch for being a textualist
interesting approach. Most authoritarian admin to ever occupy WH. Your response? Approve every nominee!
Concerned about never seeing your senator? Concerned you will lose your healthcare? Concerned your water will be polluted? (1/2)
Concerned your schools will fail our kids? Concerned your elected rep is bought and paid for? Then vote 4 Sasse & it'll come true
I get a chubby when you talk civics Senator
Self-government or oligarchy?
first all GOP senators should not sell their souls to our corrupt president and corrupt administration.
how about Republicans tearing down their own?
Garland was a horrible precedent to set, but I still believe gorsuch should be voted for .
I'm concerned about you and other republicans burning our country to the ground @SenSasse
how bout nope
Have you caught on that there is a game going on?
Why are you supporting this @SenSasse ? It's NOT what the people want.
Sincerely,
one of YOUR constituents.
+1 for addressing the structural problem: overreach beyond commissioned authority.
