liberals want to destroy this country. They believe in one world and nations without borders are their creed. Stand with Trump.
no.
you look pretty white. Want some guilt to go with that?
Well that's strange...lol
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!!
@SykesCharlie You don't get it...GORSUCH'S CREDENTIALS DO NOT MATTER! Republicans ruined the confirmation process. Period.
There is no way to hide from what republicans did to Merrick Garland. Cruz said we can have 8  indefinitely...OK!
There is no law defining the number of SCOTUS justices. Law leaves it up to Congress to determine that ...
... there has not always been 9. Congress could vote to increase or decrease that number at any time ...
... they could decide tomorrow that we should have 11, or 7.
Too bad you created this by refusing to consider Merrick Garland, that had nothing to do with qualifications, it was a power grab.
.@SenSasse Nah, he saves the kicking for the disabled.
I live in Omaha and I am a constituent. You know this was President Obama's seat to fill. Shame on you.
Actual no, it wasn't. Precedent says differently.
@doccigar This Senator is a patriot.
Wasthis in response to the senator's response to DT's "killers" statement in his Fox interview?
Senator respectfully.. Merrick Garland. Your GOP refused to let a black man who won by 5m votes select a justice..trump lost by 3m
Are you aware that your avatar depicts a violation of the US Flag Code?
sen.Schumer lives up 2 his party's symbol, A BIG JACKASS!  Never misses a photo op, always shoots his mouth off. Sick of him on NY
Let's talk education. Explain why DeVos should get your vote? We know she is anti public schools so why? I'm Lincolnite. Vote No.
back off.  Totally uncalled for.  Sen Schumer has integrity.  Can't say the same for the GOP #illegitimateSCOTUS.
.@SenSasse can u keep it professional? Why do u have to speak like a teenager instead of giving ur office the gravitas it should have?
He hasn't said anything yet, but you know it's hogwash? Learning from @realDonaldTrump are you? Show some class Senator
I remember the days when our elected officials weren't mindless partisans
.@SenSasse @zavie8 Schumer's tainted the term Senator-he's a disgusting pedantic pathetic leftist fomenter who sullies peoples reps at will
He does, however, rule against access to birth control.
Sen. Schumer is the typical #Snowflake: All they can do is LIE b/c truth does not support their #SocialistAgenda.

 Sorry, but I'm not the drug addict here. You'd be more likely to do that yourself, while stoned. Itchy ears?
Did u seriously just insult someone & make tacky references to the horrors drug addicts go thru w/a bible quote?
You say the best things. #NE
Please be more professional. This comment is unnecessary.
but probably true. Schumer even contradicts himself.  All to be partisan against trump.  Look at his record.
Only if someone puts PEZ on his leg.
looking at your page after seeing you sound so reasonable. Guess that's just TV BS!!
Schumer needs to be on psych meds.  His bossy fits remind ma of early Alzheimer's
As is your statement. Judge Gorsuch is a well qualified jurist. As is Judge Garland. Please don't pretend you don't understand.
This tweet goes against what I just heard you say on @ThisWeekABC that we need to be less partisan. It's divisive not persuasive.
.@SenSasse  seems to be a favorite spot of Rs these days; kicking puppies & kittens. Used to kick Russian ass. Rs have made us weak.
come back down from your D.C. Delusions and represent the state of NE. Vote NO for Devos! Be honest about your obstruction!#helpNE
So many ppl upset bc they afraid new SCOTUS won't allow them to kill at will. #WhiningBabyMurderers
like your personality but please vote NO for DeVos for disabled children and those in public schools.
But he makes decisions like calling the statement on a girl's bracelet not free speech because the founders didn't have bracelets?
kicks puppies and heckles piano recitals? you are ridiculous?  an issue is women's health care, does this matter to you? #novagina
No, just that whole Fascist Forever thing..and Hobby Lobby..
You support someone who founded a "Facism Forever" club? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/amp/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html …
Why are you insisting on lying cbout Shumer?  Is that a feeble attempt at humor by you? Non politician my ass.  Always a lobbyist.
You lost all credibility when you refused to consider Garland.
We are telling you, no vote, no hearing for Gorsuch. You reap what you sow.
Respectfully, your position re: SCOTUS is a grotesque hypocrisy.  Please consider Judge Merrick Garland!
I'm done being politically correct because you "Republicans"?don't understand. How is it to deepthroat Trump?
I bet he's been called "goat shit" SO many times !
2 bad u tweeted that.U seemed so much more dignified than that on #inners 2nite.Thought u mite help unite us but seems I was wrong
Nonetheless you will have the gall to stand up and vote for an unqualified buffoon like Betsy Devos. Save ur self-righteousness!!
1.He did nothing of the sort. 2.Where were you when Merrick Garland was nominated?3I know I'm not alone when I say, U hypocrites!
You shouldn't be in your position. Gorsuch is extreme; trump disregards the constitution!
Jackass!
Yeah,  because being anti choice is SO kind & wonderful.  Watching you on Hayes is cringeworthy the way you're so gutless.
you're another Dbag
Which is exactly how you and the rest of the Republicans behaved during the Garland hearings that never happened. #noprinciples
Please protect our public schools and reject Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary. She is wholly unqualified!
Now, about DeVos
And YOU rotters about to make him Jesus, Moses, and Abe Lincoln in one. He deserves NOTHING less that what Judge Garland got. F.U!
You're verygood at talking in sound bites. Maybe the fools who voted for you think so simplistically, but America hears your lies.
NO he's going to tell the truth Gorsuch is anti-women's rights anti-LGBT pro ramrodding religion down people's throats.@SenSchumer
Disappointing.  I would expect a senator to be more professional.
Thank you, @SenSasse, for telling me what I should and shouldn't applaud. Please  also tell me when to salute. #gorsuch
Two words #HobbyLobby Can a muslim family owned business force a hajab on woman workers? YES
Maybe, but Judge Gorsuch seems not to be above using religion to kick women right in the babymaker. #hobbylobby  #MerrickGarland
remember you refused to do your job for a year so we're allowed to make sure this guy is thoroughly looked at
Senator, no just how you guys stole the seat.  That should do just fine.
Please do not support Gorsich. Someone who judges a business as equal to a person just to deny basic medical care is wrong.
come on. Merrick Garland was a fair moderate voice and every bit as qualified. I'm glad the Dems are stepping up when my reps wont
try coming up with wittier criticisms? Like at least try to be funny.
PROOF! STOP SPREADING LIES & FAKE NEWS!
Wow, It's a joke. People's lives depends on those votes
Ya know what's hogwash? The GOP refusing to even talk about Garland for a short year! Republicans = traitors. #FuckTheGop!
I can't believe you Republicans aren't dying of embarrassment. Did Gorsuch wear a sparkly gown when he was crowned?
on @NPR this morning, you laughed at young protestors. All the info they need is "Heritage Foundation Approved"to oppose Gorsuch.
no he just values corporations more than women. Just another pile of conservative crap.
Where is the collegiality? Did @SenSchumer throw you to the curb last year when you didn't stand up for a Garland hearing?
u stole Obama pick no way around it
This rhetoric should be beneath you. He expressed his concerns thoughtfully. You might try to be respectful.
- hmm can't help but wonder why the same protocol didn't apply to Merrick Garland who had been previously approved by both parties
Same consideration you gave Garland, hypocrite.
puppies? He kicks women! He kicks women by trying to deny them their reproductive choices!
Read My Lips- Merrick Garland #StolenSCOTUSseat #Hypocrisy
@CamEdwards And he will probably turn on the fake tears too! Waaaa!
Don't follow the lead of POTUS with this tone. Be better, please.
Schumer is a commie nut job.
disappointing!
How about telling everybody why Merick Garland didn't rightfully deserve the Seat on the Supreme Court. That's real Hogwash.
No longer call this #SupremeCourt seat the "Scalia seat." Call it the Garland seat -wrongly denied him due to GOP obstruction.
@const_liberty1 Chuck is unfortunately my Senator and a complete asshat. Only rivaled by his jr Senator and fraud Kirsten. F'em
keep up the good work for me too please Senator Sasse.
I currently have 2nd hand embarrassment for you. #notnebraskanice
Please conduct yourself with more dignity and respect. Do not allow Nebraska work ethics to be comprised. Disappointed in you.
maybe judge Garland did as well but we'll never know. You are a hypocrite
you are better than dismissing reasonable vetting & dissent. What @gop did on Garland was undemocratic. Trump & Bannon are threat
I thought Gorsuch heckled puppies and kicked piano recitals? Someone on the Hill is leaking bad info.
real mature.
strawman much?  Worst kind of dishonest argument.  Shame on you
Entire Democratic party has lost their minds. Clearly they continue to play to their donors but forget even with money, they LOST
I don't support Putin's Puppet's nomination.. and  Putin is waging war on Ukraine since that Sat. phone call ..  hypocrites
yeah, he only favors corporations over people. Puppies are safe; citizens not so much.
Says the guy who tried to convince America to stop this man from being the greatest POTUS in history. You're just a sad bum.
Funny thing in 2006 Obama, Hillary Biden & Schumer confirmed Gorsuch.
Please maintain composure. Stooping to the level of Trump is beneath you. You will lose respect of independent minded Nebraskans
.@SenSasse To Lefties continuing withGarland-issue: history shows no Pres in last yr in office has ever filled SC, it's called "tradition"
some balls re: teaching kids civics after you stonewalled Garland. #hypocrite #SCOTUS
wow this is... unprofessional and unbecoming? Yes. Both.
Zu Spat Benny Boy!
stop. That's not how it is. We're scared and we're fed up with nobody listening to each other.
I'm glad I moved to Nebraska.
Just so we know, are you only going to speak up when you agree w Trump?
what goes around comes around, sadly. Merrick Garland.
From the looks of his education and career, the guy is a stud.
 
The fact is, the SCOTUS seat belongs to @POTUS44. Gorsuch is neither a woman nor a liberal. He's DOA in the Senate. @SenSchumer
No, he rules in favor of denying 52% of Americans right to freedom of religion.
@mlong42947 Schumer should just leave.
Leave where?
true, he just dislikes women's rights and the environment - not right for America
since you mentioned it, why was Garland never given a hearing.  I hope you are not playing politics also
@SykesCharlie No, Republican Party made up rule that allowed them to steal nomination from the rightful president of US. @maddow
@GWFulce ah yes. Because if anyone has a leg to stand on about being unfair to a nominee, it's the republicans. 
I just choked on my drink. Thanks for the chuckle and Keep up the Fire.
You guys made your bed on this one.  We do not forget.  No more hypocrisy from you.
@SykesCharlie
so Schumer is known for lying?    I didn't know that.    Who els has he lied so much about?
@SykesCharlie Not the point. GOP blocked Garland for no legitimate reason. What goes around comes around. Stop your hypocrisy
What goes around does come around. Like this quote from Biden:
@fud31 Will he cry?
I live in Nebraska and I'm one of your constituents. This behavior is uncalled for and immature. You have lost my vote.
@SenSchumerGSPP @SenSchumer Schumer has made himself irrelevant to both parties in one week!
: Merrick. Garland. (And civil, rule-abiding respect for democratic norms). If you have an answer to that, now's the time.
Oh my God, GROW UP. What are you 12? If not partisan,  why did Repubs fail to vote on nominee for the seat for almost a year?
How is Gorsuch on LGBT and women's rights?
@SykesCharlie kinda like what the GOP did to Merrick Garland for almost a year?
Joking about a stolen Supreme Court seat. Very sassy.
Tell him that after confirmation, the sole justification for electing DT, ends.  That will help him tone down.
you and your buddies stole the seat Gorsuch will always be a illegitimate pick for as long as he serves
@SykesCharlie did he kick you?
You have no room to talk after announcing that Merrick Garland's nomination was DOA. #hypocrite
This is not a normal case. Not about his history or qualification. POTUS lost vote by 3 million, America does not want this.
is he confusing him with President Bannon's assistant @realDonaldTrump ?
Tired of all these guys tweeting nonsense!  Grow up!
Sasse that includes you!
You get up North to visit your South Dakota neighbors?  Stop by, Steaks are on me!

@SykesCharlie 

No to gorsucks
I'd look under the hood myself.  Anyone can say right wing talking points and yet be totally immoral.
@CamEdwards @Cspan here you go!
Shame on you.  Be vocal about truth and what's really happening.  You look like milk toast.  Be a politician that matters
Impeach
maybe, but let's look at his record shall we?  You never even gave Merrick Garland that chance!
Let's look at the record (from 1992) and see what Biden had to say on the subject:
Hmmm, Trump just filed for 2020 with FEC.  By your argument we should most definitely wait then!  #rememberMERRICKGARLAND
Go ahead and wait. He'll most likely be filling 3 vacancies then.
I grew up in New York, can I claim Schumer as my Senator instead of Sasse & Fischer?
If what you wrote is true, why was there not a vote, for or against, Judge Garland? Not a great civics lesson for kids. Reason??
Your party, aside from ideological considerations, has sunk low. I thought you'd rise above it...WRONG!
where were you on giving Jusge Garland a hearing and vote?
@CamEdwards Nancy Pelosi is busy doing that now with jack tappper on CNN. Pitiful
Yeah, I expect Sen. Schumer will say all that too. I just I hope he doesn't start crying.
Hogwash is that you and your Republican colleagues did not give Judge Garland a vote. Partisan politics at its worst.
lmao gfy dude, stick to driving ubers
@fud31 hogwash is my aftershave. Sniff.
at the very least he is a collaborator to a racist, sexist, xenophobic, hate monger. As are you, and history will tell the tale
gorsuch -- yet another far right christian cult judge who thinks george washington was jesus & jesus wrote the constitution.
Let's get Gorsuch confirmed!
Sorry, you lost all  credibility when y'all refused to consider Garland.  He was a stellar candidate.
Excellent statement. Makes me wish I lived in NE rather than MD. Sigh.
PS: We all know piano recitals can be brutal and no one is heckling. 
You're a reasonable person, you must understand why Dems will obstruct #PresidentBannon's #StolenSeat nomination
i question the integrity of any jurist who would accept the nomination ahead of Garland. This is an affront to the constitution
Isn't Trump dividing this nation enough? What was your vote on Merrick Garland? Didn't vote on him, did ya? Partisan hack.
Pos needs to go. Just shut up already.
Does he keep puppies in warzones and not resuce them? That seems as bad.
wtf are you talking about?
what you did to a respected Judge like #MerrickGarland is a sin ! You should be ashamed ! You're a political hack!
Now put some info together to make your point and reach across the aisle.
Yes, but does he tweet piano recitals?
or maybe just that he prefers corporation rights over individual rights .. but hey that's the #GOP way
Maybe but he thinks corporations are more important than women.
Stand up to the Demoncrats.to all Republicans..we will watch what you do and how you do it...we want change..NOW GET THE JOB DONE!
one name Merrick Garland.
As regards piano recitals, you were not too far from doing it as well... 
mature
i am ok with goruch. But garland was an excellent candidate too. Why was no courtesy extended to him? Partisanship aside?
your last two words are the answer.  GOP unwilling to put partisanship aside.  Hoping sleeping giant dems awake.
not true but if that's how you justify things then cool
hahahaha... that "Biden rule" apologetic has been repeatedly debunked
Sad. No Integrity. Won't last much longer.  Trump puppet. Everyone knows.  Always apologizing.  Taking his party down with him.
I thought you were the one that heckel at piano recitals?
and you know from piano recitals
Thank you for putting a suit on sir. You're a stand upright guy.
That was an avi joke, people.
I hope he gets all
The consideration that was given to Merrick Garland.
Hyperbole much??
on;y you do that
The #PianoRecital has been going for 90 minutes.

I suspect only 4-ish hours left...
