Thank you sir, for taking your job seriously during #TrumpRussia hearings today. Please share your "adulting" tips w\@tedcruz & @JohnCornyn.
Are you a Russian bot or just a straight up schizophrenic?
That's not what the special prosecutor thinks!
So, are you good with this?  American press kept out of Trump's meetings w/ Russians in our White House?  Time to ACT.
Debunked months ago ... you look silly.  Regards.
Do research & check sources before spreading nonsense. Have a nice evening.
"What advice does he have for the predicted 40% of the workforce that will be employed in gig economy jobs by 2020." ~ @AliciaAdamczyk
"cherry-picked Medium posts are enough to make sweeping generalizations about entire generations of people."
"Service, integrity, patience and humility..." ~ Former FBI Director Robert Mueller III https://twitter.com/BostonGlobe/status/869326456698130432 … #Commencement2017
Robert Mueller speaks at Tabor Academy commencement near Boston and urges listeners to lead lives of character. http://bos.gl/Tas7278  
Mr Sasse we the people demand all of you in congress stand by our POTUS and stop stabbing him in the back.
You mean you the people.
Oh sorry I should have said WE the people minus snowflakes
There were 3 million more snowflakes then rednecks who voted for this clown.
Blah blah blah. Don't forget all the illegals who voted for that crooked woman. What was her name?
Yeah, we're finally getting jobs back. Your comments on CBS about the Comey firing are despicable. The people we don't trust r YOU not Trump
Absolutely !!!
Much better economy now than eight years ago when Bush and Republican policies cause the Great Recession.

An interesting read and one I agree with. One that does not, however, refute my point.
Writing books. Hanging with family. Chillling with bro. Life good huh!
Fix Healtcare now!  Ocare is killing us!  Do you have no compassion???
I get health care through work at a discounted amount taken out of my paycheck, however I cant reach deductible, it's so high, unreachable!!
I am disabled, and Medicare costs $135 a month. To be put on my husbands insurance is $500 a month. Costs keep rising for less coverage.
what have you done today to stop this disaster of a president?  Why are you not standing up for the American people and our democracy?
Barbara colorosa teaches discipline ur child they are WORTH it! Age appropriate consequences. Check her out! I used. My kid is 37!!
So Nebraska. I know your senator goes in tv writing and selling his book. But does he ever actually do anything. ( besides complain)
Yes! We have dug out of a financial crisis, established healthcare standards for Americans and prioritized the environment... till Trump.
Congrats! You're entering the Senate at a time of immense disenchantment and rage at a failed political class! Saddle the fuck up, bitch.
@NebHigherEd @SenLauraEbke @SCC_Eship @SCCNeb #livelonglearning #retraining
For Trump, this is "Workforce Development Week." Good time to remind everyone that he's cutting job training funding by over $2 billion /1 https://twitter.com/CNN/status/867407096601509889 …
You can't stand to see him succeed. It burns you inside.
Don't let the ridiculous leftist press push you around.  You and your president won the president because the people want you in charge!
Another inspirational message for new graduates -- from the man you've enabled:
"No politician in history...has been treated more unfairly," Pres. Trump says at commencement address http://cbsn.ws/1PfaNT5  
Do you have comment on how the AHCA will affect grads working two part time jobs? I'm excited for the "gig economy" but more info is good
This is it right now. You have a chance to be the hero or you can do nothing like the other Republicans. Begging you to stand up for the US.
Not for long Alice. He pretty much signed his resignation when he fired Comey. Only a matter of time now.
Support our President, fix Healthcare, cut taxes, build a wall, don't be a wuss with the stupid press/media or lose vote and donation.
He's afraid he won't be reelected, if we have our way he won't! He thinks Killary is good, face palm!
Watching senate hearings: Holy Cow! Sasse is actually trying to do his job, not just cover up for trump! This guy is impressive.
Thank you for staying focused on what is important! 
@FaceTheNation
#TrumpRussia
LOL Your Russian collusion is with Killery, dear!
After 3 people have been fired close to truth about Russia, it is time for special prosecutor! Please put country over party & demand SP
This disruption was created and supported by both parties untill Trump stepped in and stoppee the insanity with these trade deals
Ben Sasse please, turn off censorship! Retweet this tweet:
@Microsoft 
@BillGates 
@MasonMorfit 
@satyanadella #Microsoft Corporation Board of…
What an uninspiring comment for new grads esp when not true. They are much better off than grads 8 years ago when economy in Bush freefall.
Thanks, king Cheeto!! #MRGA
Sorry, you were wrong and President Trump was the right guy for such a time as this!  Get on board and stop falling for the media lies
Support our great President!  Don't help the liberals that have destroyed out Country and most of the world.
Please begin impeachment proceedings of Trump. He has shown no respect for the rule of law and he regards himself as above the law.
On June 15, 2016, Rep. Kevin McCarthy told fellow GOP leaders, “there’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump.”
Trump admitted that he fired FBI Director Comey to obstruct the Russia investigation. Trump's explanation for firing Comey has crumbled.
You'll be voted out @SenSasse. Common Sense Americans are out with Corruption! Next!
Time for an independent investigation - no more partisan bullshit.
Great questions and serious manner of your conduct today at the hearing with Clapper and Yates.
One that looks much brighter now that we have a Pres willing to fight for the American Worker and not sell us out all over the world
But you bash them in your book  #puhleez #wrong #millennials 
While Ben was hustling his book president trump was out keeping us safe. No terror! Ps who is the female benny?
SUPPORT POTUS! Seriously, most of us don't care what letter is after ur name, we just want u to support who we elected, u don't? You're gone
And @realDonaldTrump wants to get rid of #PSLF
Hope they will put you OUT OUT OUT.

Yup, time for you to get voted out, you're obviously no longer working for the people. READ MY LIPS! We voted for Pres Trump, support him!!
c u c k
stand w @POTUS or next election, you're out w the rest of the dem scum
Enjoy your last term , you and all that are against potus in congress .
One thing I can say for the Democrats they stand united. Did one Democrat come out against Hillary Clinton?  Better be careful. #Minority
Enjoy your time Senator.  Sick and tired of Republicans not supporting their President . No votes, bye-bye
Hey RINO get on board with our @POTUS !!!
Sasse at Barnes and noble trying to peddle his book! Trump organizing the world!
stop this!trump's budget is proposing a $1.7 trillion cut in food stamps, children's health insurance, Social Security Disability Insurance
Liberals love Sasse
That means he needs to go, if they like him, he's doing shady stuff
You need to get behind out president! We voted for Trump, he needs your support, no more back stabbing our man, get behind Trump!
Nothing you say inspires anyone. Left or right. Your are so condescending.
What do you say to all the young boys that were molested. Fondled. You were there!http://www.patdollard.com/ben-sasse-suspected-of-helping-denny-hastert-molest-boys/ …
You're a wishy washy politician... the sooner you're gone the better !!!

Well at least they will find jobs, not like the last 8 years.
Besides bible quotes. Do you ever pass anything?
Armed with his bible and his pride. Ben sasse will pray for your souls. And hopefully American becomes exactly what he wants.
Enjoy your fifteen minutes of fame. You are truly uninspiring in every way.
Book is awful! More money lining your wife's pocket.
I'd say he has a choice, support POTUS or get voted away! You're not just watching MSM right? If you are, time to listen to the people
The funniest politician on Wait Wait Don't Tell Me!
how quickly we forget!15 of the 19 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia,what a great idea to give them $110 billion in American arms sales
U ever wonder coward why ABC OR MSM has u on is it ur such an influential senator or ur achievement no they even put under u Never Trump.SAD
You better avoid continue perpetuating the Trump- Russia connection lie or we will work to take you seat away from you!
Excited about 1st Black Elk Pipeline spill (other already burst in Neil Young "OHIO" undone)! Oglala ones will make NE land of Cornhusks.
Lieberman: early onset Alzheimer’s, endorse McFrenchfry-Palin(g) ticket. Full-blown: endorse DeVos-lution institutionalized dumb-down
Senator Ben Sasse @SenSasse also at @BenSasse
And @AenSasse @CenSasse @DenSasse @EenSasse @FenSasse @GenSasse @HenSasse @IenSasse @JenSasse
@tempteststorm2 Stand behind Pres Trump or be voted out. Spineless Rep
"Benedict Arnold Sasse" now I see. You cut bait and run. #coward.
join the movement, preserve our democracy, impeach this presidunce
What is wrong to you paying to kill babies in the womb? I demand a answer!
You should give a copy of your book to Trump. He needs to grow up.
Apparently you know nothing about the constuition. You have a right to confront your accusers , you have a right against unlawful searches
Senators Sasse, McCain, Collins, Flake, Murkowski, Gardner, Heller & Corker - Are you willing to stand up to an out-of-control president?
Ahem. I think someone hacked your account....
Put country b4 party & impeach!  Doing nothing makes u complicit.
This post is from may 7th. A lot has happened since then. I think you know what I am getting at. Pls be that guy. The one who says no more
TRUMP HAS ENDANGERED OUR LIVES
START IMPEACHMENT IMMEDIATELY 
MY FAMILY IS SCARED
I sent an email to your website in regards to your appearance on Morning Joe this morning. I hope your staffers pass it on to you.
Well, you just lost ur re-election bid!! Bye-bye stupid ass!!!
Deafening silence from Sasse on Trump's leaks. Says a lot about #GOP integrity or lack thereof. We need a 2018 wave in order to impeach DJT.
Thank you 4 looking for the truth that's all we want! Feel like the only grownup the GOP? Their silence is treason -we were attacked Russia
You are wrong, both sides not responsible. republican propaganda & failed theories elect a spoiled child. Lives ruined for taxcuts
Glad your hanging @JoeNBC .
You've been against POTUS from the get go. We will never forget. So you know your new book U want us.to buy? No, U can shove it.
FOR YOU BEN SASSE ..........
YOU GOPe POS !!
@SenSasse makes graduates pay usury charges 4 decades & remain indentured servants/hostages 2 wall street & GorgeOrwellParty(@Morning_Joe
Tell @realDonaldTrump that tweeting is not the same as governing @foxandfriends

It is time for Republicans to step up and clean up the damage that they have caused to  America by nominating, then electing Donald Trump.
I will buy your book after you stop supporting the dems and you fix healthcare, cut taxes and build the wall.
I find the fact that you have a position of power of any kind troubling!
BEN SASSE SUCKS 
PART OF THE UNIPARTY GOPe THAT WE HAVE NO USE FOR !! 
BOUGHT & SOLD POLITICIAN & BIG PART OF THE SWAMP
Trump reveals top secrets to Russians. Time to impeach this man!!!!
We need to sabotage and troll #Sasse for selling out the republic for his own ambitions. You are a danger to the republic #sassethesellout
#ALLTALK
You wouldnt officially be a politician until you cashed in on your office~ ! Well Done BEN~ If I buy 1K books... We can talk yes?
Trump is the CEO of our country. He can fire anyone he wants.Get with the program.We don't need cowards in Congress. Don't be a back stabber
What a traitor to your country! You have a golden opportunity to change things & u care more about the 'swamp' than your country. Hate you!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  The LEFT is out to get rid of POTUS and people like you just helping!  He's OUR President!
@BenSasse  @realDonaldTrump has done nothing to ERODE anything in our Government, it's YOU and all the other Left Loons! Who are you ?
@BenSasse  Your a pompous @$$ up on your high horse always coming out against Our President!
@BenSasse  I really don't know what your problem is.  From day one you've had a BUG up your butt about @realDonaldTrump  We are sick of it!
The workforce that Trump made big again and with no help from RINOS like you.  You are arrogant. Trump is a winner and he beat your gal HRC.
history is judging you, its time to serve the American people and call for the impeachment of Trump, this illegitimate,inept,lying president
TheZionist Israeli terrorism has spoiled the co existence ofsectarianism,hatred and classification of human colors. Ihope to publish thenews
We can do better than stealing healthcare from millions of Americans you fraud.
Heard you on NPR this morning. If you are worried about the shirts vs skins mentality right now, perhaps you should be role model.
In other words - you need to show bipartisan ship with your actions and not just your words. Until you do you are complicit.
Since more people voted for Clinton....Okay, I am in.
Will you save the republic from @realDonaldTrump ?
From a lib Dem: your comments on NPR were admirable, rational, and even brave.  Wrong  on special prosecutor but you deserve a compliment.
Has POTUS lied enough yet for a special prosecutor?  What will it take?
What's going on with Comey firing and Russia?  Demand independent special investigation!  TRUTH ONLY!
Hide ur children around this pedofile supporter!!
The fact that POTUS kept US press out of meeting w/Russians while Russian press allowed in, should be treason by very definition!  IMPEACH
Sassy why don't you inv why Putin has 20 per of our uranium
Sassy is as much a rep as schumer
Economic disruption? Stock market at all time, huge increase in jobs last month. Check the FACTS, not your opinion!
We demand an independent investigation into Russian collusion during the 2016 election NOW #trumprussia
The people are looking to you today. Don't let us down for a defunct party and president that wants to silence justice.
Please demand an independent bipartisan commission to investigate the Trump/Russia ties!
Bless your heart.
Will you be insisting on an independent investigation into the Trump/Russia connection? If not, what are we paying you for? Do your job NOW.
Women are 50.8% of the population.  21% of the Senate. 19% of the House.  Why are we 0% of the Senate Committee on healthcare?
Wait, are you saying there might be issues beyond their control and not just a lack of knowing how to be an adult?
