@NgahuiaHarold Four minutes from a man worthy enough 2 educate us 4 that full hour Dems can't deny that. But will try
Agreed @edaveerick @SenSasse Judge Gorsuch did a great job of explaining the 'spirit of freedom' within the Bill of Rights #GorsuchHearing
Only with men does one get tyranny, constitutors & suretyship in return for their lack of knowledge of Equity & Trust
"Battlefield," Judge? All commerce is war. This battlefield is still in full operation and has never been won.
@joegooding was very happy to see him in action. Look forward to him as a @USSupremeCourt  signed your boss.    
The Constitution, is a compact between the States and the United States the People have no redress with this compact.
I am Surety for the DEBTOR of my private credit to protect the integrity of the Public Trust. (1099OID, A, C)
the problem for me is why #citizensunited is so interested in #Gorsuch and not #Garland. No one has answered. Rich are taking over
I do not volunteer to be Surety for the debts of another, unlike the actions of the disciple Peter....
clearly #Gorsuch has a free pass from Republicans due to NRA. Why do you put Gun Lobby interests above all else? #DisarmHate
Did you ask him if it was ok, constitutionally, to sell your constituent's internet privacy?
now try to explain that to a liberal.

Time for America to put Democrats and liberals back in their place
@patriotwoman_ Outstanding Explanation! If he's not confirmed, something is seriously wrong w/Senate &House of Representatives
"Hard won inheritance," Judge? Of the Estate of men, yes. But, as Joint Heir WITH the Heir of ALL things, ... no.
still curious to know why no hearing for Merrick Garland? #StolenSeat
as long as #russiagate is going on I don't think we should confirm #gorsuch the last year as #POTUS rule may apply here.
@SageOfAugusta question for you Senator what you think of both US Constitution & the Bill of Rights how Congress ignores them both
...AS Surety for Private Issue credit to protect the STATE, never for PUBLIC issue and/or debts of another.
The Constitution is a negative document because it is a Charter of Bankruptcy, not to be applied to the State Citizen
Speechless!
Best shit I've seen in a VERY long time. Thank you Mr Sasse, and Liz. We need Judge Gorsuch now...
@FuriousFarmBoy 
Because we ignored Hamilton...
.@DeltaHalo007 #GorsuchHearing nails 'Bill of Rights' !!SCJ #SCOTUS #GORSUCH
#JudgeGorsuch NAILS 'BILL OF RIGHTS'We need leaders, teachers & professors that understand, practice & teach our civic history
@DebFreedomVoice absolutely marvelous
Quite frankly, Senator, your interview was immature and embarrassing. And your never Trump stance unacceptable
@Liz_Wheeler Made me go look it up! . We need a Senator like SASSE in Missouri 2 replace @clairecmc! Someone to protect liberty!
I had to look it up. lol
I really like this judge, he is squared away, honest, knows his job, understands our BoR, constitution, our system. Which is best.
I wonder how many signators I could get on college campuses to end the 3rd amendment. 2-300k?
TODAYS YOUNG PEOPLE HAVE NO UNDERSTANDING OF THE CONSTITUTION, BILL of RIGHTS, PARLIAMENTARY PROCEDURE. LEFT REMOVED GOV STUDIES
This discourse has been Enlightening on many levels. Not just about the Constitution and Bill of Rights but also about process of vetting SC
@Liz_Wheeler Sometimes I wonder if dividing power too much is a good thing. It's difficult for 100s of ppl to run one thing.
I don't get why it's rehearsed/scripted, though. Are some questions given in advance?
Great Question
Glad you're holding the fort down to get Gorsuch in office.. My hat's off to @SenateMajLdr . for keeping his promise
should have asked him about Article2 Sect2 of constitution, that you failed to advise and consent on Judge Garland
thanks for your brilliantly concise exegesis of the Constitution.
@patrickmadrid Gorsuch = Rock Star
GOD THANK YOU..
BREAKING DOWN GOVERNMENT FOR KIDS SINCE THE PUBLIC SCHOOL DOESN'T. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT..INDIVIDUAL SOVEREIGNTY
great answer from Gorsuch! Tough to sum up in such a short amount of time! Everyone should hear this!
You have done an excellent job during these hearings.  I wish you were one of my Senators here in NY!
I didn't watch live but I know the 3rd amendment! High school senior from Battle Creek, MI. #ladiesinlaw
Wow!  What an incredibly intelligent and articulate judge!  He's hired!
So a moral society, which we are not presently, does not infringe on God's laws.
Gorsuch. Bought and paid for by Arms makers and NRA!
blah, blah, blah.....
great. Now get on the Trump 
haha sad to say I had to look up the third!
thank you for encouraging this great and necessary civics lesson
appreciate how you incorporate a teaching session, about our government, whenever you can. 
@beck_ann4
.@SenSasse <= TY4 posting Should be requirement of high schooler's 2 answer the 3rd Amendment Great question Senator 2 ask #NeilGorsuch 
Thanks for being one of the few adults in the room, refreshing to hear. I'm a big fan!
can you ask him his thoughts on Merrick Garland?
he has already said that he thought Merrick Garland was a good judge.
Think the 8th Cir rejected something similar, reversing D Min judge.
Not sure how courts could hold that an arb provison in a contract would apply to a fraudulent document? If so, need a statute!
The Judge applies laws as written, like the trucker case. Why would any Congressperson disagree?
Those of us who watch C-Span are informed. So, who are Sens BSing?
The Hobby Lobby case is about protecting the owners from the Govt, not what the Govt grants the employees.
He talks a good game but his record speaks volumes. Do not confirm this nominee. Bad for women.
or have your legislators pass better laws? That's THEIR job, not any judge's.
Where is the rest of it?
Thing is, despite accusations of softballing, this is at the core of Constitutional understanding. Philosophical at its root.
Gorusch is describing what is exceptional about the BOR and constitutional structure — especially limitation of power.
People want gotcha questions, but this is too important. Complainers need to forget about Garland and listen to the full answer.
Trump is dangerous on many levels, and Gorusch here describes how his role would help curb those dangers (if you pay attention).
Ask if the Declaration of Independence has any applicability in constitutional construction and interpretation? #GorsuchHearing
excellent question & fantastic answer by Gorsuch! I wish more people understood separation of powers and why it protects liberty.
I, my husband and family, friends voted for Donald Trump. We want the Healthcare Bill passed and Judge Gorsuch confirmed!!
Are you sure you want to admit that publicly?  In three months you'll be too embarrassed to confess that openly.
keep dreaming. I'm voting for him again. anybody who can make you guys cry this much is good with me
make me cry?  how so?  I find his incompetence rather comedic & feel your country deserves what you get.
I think u r getting ahead of yourself, know your audience first, then speak.  You don't know my views.
thou doest protest...
@BenSasse you love the Rotary Club name drop
Senator, you represented Nebraska proudly yesterday. Good style, conversation and tone.  Glad we have you.  #Nebraska #goodlife
need the rest of his answer!
"to protect against Tyranny." You all should get right on that.
yeah, politics aside, that is a great human being with good intentions. Trying to paint him as anything else is disingenuous
you really ask the hard questions.  I suppose Republicans were told ask only soft questions so Mr. Gorsuch can sit back and relax.
you reallize the only point of this question was for a teaching op. for students right?
Anyone know who checks the Judicial branch? Haven't heard a peep about that.
response to the quartering act!
wow, a real hardball. this is like meeting mike tyson and asking him how many rounds are in a boxing match...
can you post the bit about the frozen truck driver?
