You clearly support all kinds of inequality and bigotry--which is why you're hot for Gorsuch.
Merrick Garland
he lies
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
what was wrong with Obama's nominee? Congress didn't afford him the courtesy of hearing him!  Double standards r bad policy!
Regardless of how much you tweet about SCOTUS, we will not forget how you abandoned the children of Nebraska  #DeVosVote
shame on you for DeVoss vote. Spineless
Hey @SenSasse Question for you- what were your thoughts on #MerrickGarland ? before Obama nominated him - he was unanimously revered
you had a good candidate last February, remember. Hypocrite much?
Sorry Ben but you're don't get to highlight what you think is good while ignoring the baf. Talk after the Russian POTUS gone.
Republicans stole the seat that should have been appointed by President Barack Obama. End of story!
judge Merck Garland was a fantastic choice
LIKE WHO MAYBE THEY WON'T GET REELECTED MIN THEIR STATES.
no...Merrick Garland is the best man for the job.
No on Gorsuch. Because you wouldn't even speak to Obama's pick. Republican hypocrisy
most think #gorsuch would make good justice
and most say he will be confirmed but not w dem votes
http://wp.me/p3NUOV-L9 
maybe but he should be treated the same way as Garland. No hearing. Only fair.
As a constituent, I'm waiting for you to explain why you helped block Judge Garland. Try being a little less smug next time.
and Betsy DeVoss is exactly the kind of person who should not head department of education
have you lost your mind, or is it your backbone you lost?????
Another nice Garland dodge! Your stance is hypocritical and you know it. 
Ben Sasse, quite impressive.
So was Merrick Garland. Commenters on your Facebook post are right. Support of Gorsuch now reeks of partisanship and hypocrisy.
Judge Garland should.
if you read any Gorsuch's rulings on disability cases you should be appalled.
Merrill Garland is exactly the kind of judge we want.
why didn't you & other Repubs give Obama's Supreme Ct nominee the same courtesy you request for Gorsuch?
@BillKristol  Super interview on ABC today Ben Sasse, As "liberal GOP" we disagree on much, but not your patriotism, this matters
awesome job this morning!
- What was Garland, Sparky? Chopped liver?
I prefer Garland. Dems should never vote him in. They were robbed
The seat was stolen! Shame, shame, SHAME!
No he isn't.  He is a religious bigotry enabler, just like you.
I differ on giving @trump any respect or credence    He doesnt represent the American people only self-interest  #DonaldTheMenace
#nevergonnahappen
Wait... what?
Fuck no.
This guy is good. I hope he aims high in 2020.
Funny Ben, never heard you comment on Judge Garland's qualifications. As I recall he was nominated by a POTUS.
Obama chose his nominee whilst president and he had the rights of doing so - i hope all the democrats are going to fight
this is just rubbish - 'He knows his job' is not good enough
It is disengenious to dismiss grievances of Democrats fomented by Republicans who swore to wait 4 years & leave a seat open.
I think @Democrats, like @GOP, would also be wrong to wait to consider, btw. Country over party.
A mom here, concerned about kids' futures. @SenSasse if @GOP gets SC nominee will it cease dismantling America? #unsure #CountryOverParty.
Merrick Garland is exactly the kind of person who should be on the Supreme Court. Your party politics are not actually serving NE
shouldn't we use the method set up in the constitution to pick judges?
you're senator ben sasse. so nobody fucking cares.
dump DeVos
@mattersofmind   You used to stand up for the people. What happened??? Grow a spine.
are you so shallow minded that you will make a decision before ALL evidence is brought before the committee? Fit to represent NE?
Do not attempt to mislead my people!
Rock on! Keep up the good work!
vote no and listen to your constituents!
doesn't  matter  who  he  is  Ben  - you're  deranged  President  is  going  to  destroy  American  legal  system
Can't explain support for Betsy DeVoss. Stop claiming out of state outrage. Saw the tape, she didn't do homework Give her an F.
Nicely done @SenSasse. I'm on the other side of the aisle, & a constituent. But I admire you're ability to clearly represent your beliefs.
Great interview responses!
good defense of Gorsuch. You're making this transplanted Nebraskan proud.
Yes. But no one will explain why he should be picked by a president, when R controlled senate said P doesn't have that p
seriously?! DeVos and Gorsuch? I take it you're not running for reelection #imnotarobot
normally I would agree with you but Repubs poisoned the water with what you did in ignoring Merrick Garland. That was shameful.
Have you no shame? Never gave Merrick Garland a hearing... SHAME! What is wrong with you people? SHAME!
This is no "Pelosi." I hear you, sir. I do. But, as a woman and a Christian, I still prefer #Garland.
actually Merick Garland should be. #StolenSeat
#rememberMERRICKGARLAND
The people who vote for you don't want him
@MeosoFunny plus Hobby Lobby Corporations have religious sensibilities, what planet that from? Maybe the mainstream on Pluto
And Garland wasn't?
@MeosoFunny it's not as rude as completely stiffing Judge Garland. When you steal a SCOTUS seat     what do you expect
You misspelled Garland.
Fascism is not a joking matter these days.
The kind of people who should be on the supreme court don't make "fascism forever" jokes, even in high school.
I like u @SenSasse !Not lifetime pol,even better. Great interview&excellent pt re grudges-ppl sick of that from pols&MSM! @KSoltisAnderson
couldn't agree more. Interesting to compare qualification of Gorsuch vs. the incompotence of DeVos. Do what's right Senator!
if you believe an originalist belongs on #SCOTUS then you are a misogynist by definition. There is no ERA for women.
No, Judge Garland was. You deserve no attention on this matter. You usurped an enumerated power of the executive for partisan gain
Senator, you are on the judiciary comm. It appears you played politics with Garland, but are being principled with Gorsuch. No?
...however we both know that should be Merrick Garland and not Gorsuch.
I agree with you that he's very qualified to be on the supreme court even though i disagree with many of his past rulings...
It's a great day for America when the party in power does not undermine the Advise and Consent process.  Garland.
@KSoltisAnderson Ppl said same about Garland.
nope
So many want to pull a "Pelosi" and comment w/o listening to what he said. Obviously y'all didn't listen to end of interview
You mean Garland. Almost a year ago.
was Merrick Garland qualified or nah? I'll hang up and take my answer off the air.
@KSoltisAnderson  GOP position: "reward us for shattering Constitutional norms"
.@SenSasse sorry… his stances on women’s issues & worker protections make him a big NO in my book.
not to mention he believes that corporations are people. He's fine with special interests buying politicians.
.@realDaveCorey & one could go on and on with why this is a bad idea but will @SenSasse listen? He’s still thinking DeVos is a good idea…
call him up! Tell him your thoughts. Write a script for your friends so they can call him too! It's so easy and important!
@KSoltisAnderson his Harvard Law degree is much more impressive than Garland's.
@KSoltisAnderson Garland
