what about garland?
So was Merrick Garland .You just spoke about our US Constitution -you know the one the GOP senators spit on for partisan pettiness
Thought his "frozen trucker" dissent took narrowest poss view of "operate" & "vehicle" & thus ignored legis intent.
think Mitch Mc stole the seat from Garland? Kinda of poisoned the collegiality of the Senate.
Meet w/ your Lawmakers
 This is Wrong & MUST STOP 
These facts are Disturbing!
at RISK
By 'qualified' do you mean judicial support of your ultra conservative agenda? @SenSasse We're not overturning Roe vs. Wade!
@lotsofuss nope
Gorsuch likely should be approved. So should have Garland but #racism #hate #contempt for @POTUS44 kept that confirmation stalled.
no Judge Garland, no Gorsuch #NoGorsuch
#confirmgorsuch
you're a travesty to the state. Step down now
great opening statement to judge Gorsuch @FoxNews @DNC @GOP
Give it a rest! Gorsuch isn't God - you may think so. He may be inline with your ideals but NOT EVERYONE. Stop passing judgement!
We had that in Merrick Garland. Shame on you for your cynicism and crass loyalty to party before country.
An illegitimate President. does not get to pick a SCOTUS.
it was extremely refreshing to watch your questioning of Judge Gorsuch. @SenAlFrank like many democrats there was so disrespectful
you would not have a fair hearing for Obama's pick (who also was extremely qualified)one yr ago! Total hypocrite. #GorsuchHearing
ok? Do you know what your job is?? You should. E voted out by all of NE
In Neil Gorsuch, you have a judge who can't seem to answer a yes/no question with a yes or no. He is hiding something.
39 yrs as #Violence #prevention coordinator. Article on "how to cut #inner #city #crime and costs in half!" Where to send?
hmmm
tissue?
You keep saying you're obligated to support Prez's noms. Prez currently under serious FBI investigation. Still feel that way?
Why would you say that when you did not even support Prez  in Election  SenSasse????
You are joking, right? That is Merrick Garland's seat. Nominate Gorsuch when there is an empty seat that doesn't belong to another
Will you recommend a leader for Missouri to replace @clairecmc ?????
Sorry, Senator. @SenateGOP and @SenateMajLdr broke the system when you denied #MerrickGarland a hearing. #StolenSeat
really, the guy who thinks I need to ask permission from my employer before planning a family? #NoGorsuch
#MerrickGarland did not get a vote because of politics. Republicans are hypocrites.
he thinks a Corporation has religion and a truck drive should freeze in minus 14 degree weather. Brilliant
Right just like we have a qualified president? Clearly you love corruption $$$$$ #fakepresident #nevermypresident
Merrick Garland should have too.
should be called tender Ben for his weak line of questioning
Really?! Dems are playing politics?! @gop loves to self project & twist everything. #ResistTrumpTuesdays #RESISTANCE
It's not up to you to tell the other committee members what YOU believe is a good question. SCOTUS is 4 life.All questions are ok.
Merrick Garland should have been confirmed 100-0. Why didn't that happen Senator?
Friend of mine watched u this a.m. & posted this on FB. 100% right. & deep down u must know @GOP is taking seat that isn't theirs.
I wonder if your conscience is clear about this.
Your unscrupulous tactics may eventually come back to bite you. You're setting the rules of engagement, so no whining later.
i am not Republican or from Nebraska but really appreciate your honesty and sincerity.   We need people like you in Washington
postpone #GorsuchHearing till #Trumprussia investigation is over
US patriots are calling 4 total & complete shutdown of Trump nominations till our reps (you) figure out WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON.
Refuse to hold a hearing for  Obama's pick, whole-heartedly endorse TREASONOUS Trump's pick. You have no integrity.
Wondering if you can tell me why you’re okay moving forward with hearings on Gorsuch when you wouldn’t have hearings for Garland.
Sorry, @realDonaldTrump is campaigning. According to @SenateMajLdr rule, there will be no confirmation during campaign season.
Nice FoxFake News source! Talk is cheap on MSNBC, Ind Committee Now-Put up or shut up #DonTheCon is going down!
If you guys wanted 100-0 you should have tried compromising with the other party.  Garland should have at least had a hearing.
Merrick Garland
100-0 vote on Gorsuch? How about a filibuster instead? 293 days with no hearing. Shameful. #GopStoleGarlandsSeat
Yes, Gorsuch is sooooo good I want to write a poem about him. What rhymes with Merrick Garland?
yes & that's exactly what should have happened with Garlands nomination. Republicans set a very bad example. Dems will do better.
if honest, you'd have said Garland deserved a vote. If honest, you'd blame partisan ship on GOP... if honest...
He should be obstructed until we have a non-treasonous President in the White House. Just desserts.
@BenSasse M. Garland deserved a vote last year. Your party yelled NO for 10 months.
I am impressed with Neil Gorsuch, but upset the Republicans wouldn't even have a hearing for Garland.  This needs to change.
The Smell of Treason is in the Air! No one should be Confirmed until this is resolved #trumprussia
#confirmgarland
it's ludicrous for GOP to consider seating SCOTUS w/ Pres under investigation. Show some integrity.
So was Merrick Garland but he was not worthy of your consideration.
Anyone who still uses Fox as a source for 'news' after everything we now know, is either an idiot, or should not be trusted.
I will retweet this daily until I hear from you. Not going to pussy foot around anymore. Listen to constituents.
BTW the confirmation of DeVos was a travesty. I will continue to be vocal on that front. #PublicschoolProud
no, please don't #StolenSeat
Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy must be delayed unless and until he and his team are cleared of any wrongdoing.
#ConfirmGarlandFirst
how about Merrick Garland!?!?   He should have been confirmed. Not 100-0, dissent is allowed.   Just play by the rules. #doyourjob
MERRICK. GARLAND.
Be a leader. SCOTUS hearings should stop until Russian investigation is complete.
Should be but you know in Wash DC the professional career politician puts party before people.  That's why they don't retire at 65
you should've given Merrick Garland a hearing but you and your colleagues didn't. So, "shoulds" aren't really worth a lot.
Not a Nebraskan or a Repub, but followed you because you seemed decent. You lost me with this interview. Good luck Nebraska.
Same was true with regard to Merrick Garland and he deserved a hearing and a vote and you know it.
Stop selling  #Scrotum
Why is Tillerson is skipping NATO to go to Russia and taking no press?
this may be true...but only after Congress first vets #merrickgarland.
NO. #GorsuchdoesnotbelongonScotus
just like Merrick Garland.
You had a "qualified judge who knows what a judges job is" in Garland. Now you have a federal investigation into the election.
refused to even meet with Judge Merrick Garland, Obama's nominee! And no hearing or vote. No right to lecture about Gorsuch.
I agree!
@BenSasse Thank you for fighting for a true #ObamacareRepeal.
And by what vote total did Merrick Garland deserve to be confirmed by?
Just stop. Do u have any integrity left? U owed a vote to Garland.  Let the #Trumprussia investigation finish. Also, #RussianGOP
Trump was elected by colluding with Russia, maybe we should deal with that first
Um, no.  Merrick Garland should have had hearings AND been confirmed.
After refusing even a hearing on the former president's nominee, you sound like a hypocrite with an agenda.
I would like to see you stand up against this corrupt admin. We need real leaders not Party yes men/women. Nation before party sir
I think we are better than this, please show me Nebraskans are still willing to stand up for what is right.
a judge's job is to advocate for voter suppression?
what was wrong with #MerrickGarland?
We have a president who has disqualified himself as the person who should make this selection.
Do you remember your recent Omaha town hall when the entire audience disagreed with your refusing to give Garland a hearing?
Oh, but us Big City Folk don't truly represent Nebraska, do we? We aren't really Nebraskans, according to you.
out of curiosity, what was Garland? #seriousquestion #notpartisan
yup, as soon as you confirm garland.
#MerrickGarland 

If Gorsuch is confirmed, he will have an asterisk on his robe.
garland should have been given the same respect .
Merrick Garland should've gotten a hearing and a vote. GOP's partisan politics undermines integrity of our judicial system.
Sorry, nope. I like and respect you but McConnell's shenanigans cannot be rewarded. *You* run in 2020 & nominate him, fine.
Garland knows a judge's job, in front of you last year. What's substantive/non-partisan reason to not even meet him?
nope
I'm still stuck on his ruling for Hobby Lobby
nope. He has been appointed by an illegitimate USPresident, who commited treason!  Greetings from Germany #revote2017
Garland is the right choice but we should be kicking Russia out of the WH before considering any Trump nominee
Trump will be impeached within a year, shouldn't we leave this decision to the incoming administration?
I like that Gorsuch will likely be a restraint on Trump's executive overreaches. He is solid altogether, but that's a nice bonus.
should get same treatment as Merrick Garland.
Reap what you sow Senator
Gorsuch should not be confirmed before Garland is seated.Anyone who thinks different is a traitor to the country.
His actions and history say otherwise. #SeatGarland
.@SenSasse #StolenSeat
so should Garland have been.
No please. This should be put on hold until the Russia /Trump hearings are concluded
Agree w/many of your statements...disagree on Cold War relic NATO
Gorsuch may be a fine choice, but does Trump who is under FBI investigation have the right to nominate anyone?We should wait & see
Are you prepared to confirm a Supreme Court pick that has been nominated by an executive branch that is under FBI investigation?
you mean like Clinton?
Sorry if my history is rusty, but Clinton never had the opportunity to nominate a Supreme Court Justice.
Come on! Republicans of which I am one, should have accepted Obama's choice. This is sickeningly embarrassing to America.
pass. No reason to.
compare and contrast Merrick Garland
That's the way Merrick Garland should have been treated
I also take offense to you telling me, an Omaha resident,  at your town hall last Friday, that I don't represent Nebeaska.
considering you can't spell Nebraska. No.
If typos delegitimization valid points, than that writes off 50% of Trump's arguments.
It's very disconcerting that you were a part of Republican obstructionism in failing to even give Merrick Garland a hearing.
not required to. They didn't consent and didn't have to.
Their refusal to even give him a hearing flew in the face of precedent. It was completely political and obstructionist
I appreciate your insults. It pretty much invalidates anything you have to say.
oh no. The ignoramus can't do research
Thanks again for your very weak-spirited insult. Very big of you. You're truly a great individual.
No way! Nomination process must be suspended until FBI investigation is completed. And is null & void if collusion is found.
yes, guilty until proven innocent.
Hypocrisy much? "Lock her up! Lock her up!"
well, she was guilty. The FBI simply declined to bring charges. That said, I've never chanted lock her up. stay on topic.
And do you think that Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, Marco Rubio, Rick Perry, Bobby Jindal, Mitt Romney, Prev SOS, Bush WH guilty?
wth are you talking about?
Pubs using private servers
I'm more concerned about her horrible classified data handling, stripping classified headers, etc. People in prison for less
Be a sensible Nebraskan and stay out of the email stuff,
 nobody in Washington wants the truth.
Though we differ politically, I respect you, a lot. How did Merrick Garland *not* fit this criterion?
I want to know too
I respectfully disagree. Senator the GOP stole this from the Dems. You owe us a moderate may I recommend Garland. #playfair
no thanks. Senate doesn't give their consent. Not required by law.
Too much justice=totalitarianism. Too much liberty=corporate corruption. He's too soft on corporate greed/welfare. Vote no.
not so fast he still has that Tramp stamp hard to rub off. Not sure he is trustworthy
