You said you did not care about power plays in the past in the Senate (to justify Garland) but then focused on history govt power
Why should we, cant we do what the #GOP did, consolidate power by refusing to consider filling the SCOTUS seat for over a year.
I want to trust  you. It would be easier if the GOP weren't largely serving as a rubber stamp on everything else.
#lostmyvote
vote no on DEVOS!
yeah?  If you really feel that way then maybe you should throw your support behind @GarlandSCOTUS
Love your historical perspective @SenSasse When are you gonna run for President already??  I'd def consider crossing the aisle for you.
Thank you for your honest and substantive interview.
is he able to uphold the Constitution  and remain non partisan when threatened and demeaned by President Trump?
I don't agree with you on a lot, but I respect your approach & intellect. I do agree w/ putting brakes on exec power. Thanks! 
@doccigar A Politician who is dedicated to the constitution! Imagine that Wish he was my Senator from CA!
As a Nebraskan I do not agree with your evaluation. We do not need a judge with fascist beliefs. Vote NO!
If you don't honestly address Garland's treatment when cheerleading for Gorsuch, you have NOTHING to stand on. Sorry.
I see behind your phony smile.  As a white male Christian who  in the majority, no wonder you want majority will to prevail. Crook
Now please vote against confirmation of DeVos. Stand up for Nebraska and our children.
what's your problem with DeVoss? Honestly? Do you even have kids in school?
Yes I do. And he's a gifted child who is protected by IDEA, which DeVos doesn't understand or believe in.
she's fine with IDEA, your getting misleading information
she didn't know what it is!
We all ought to be applauding a man who despises those who protested against apartheid! Who despises the 1st Amendment? Shameful !
Seriously!?
will this do anything to fix the fact that the senate was ineffective over the last six years and now won't stand up to Trump?
You said we should all agree that Gorsuch is a great pick.  Why? You r  trying to silence those with less ultra conservative views
stand up for NE. Put down the purple drink! Vote NO for Devos! Stand up for NE!
.@SenSasse We are concerned about the govt's consolidation of power in our uteruses. #OpposeGorsuch #StopGorsuch
Watching this was the best spent minutes of my day. My MN senators should wake up!
What are you going to do?? #DeVos ???
Please think of the children & vote AGAINST Betsy DeVos! Don't let her destroy our children's futures! #NoDeVos
“No, the shit isn’t optional, but it now comes on rye”.
.@SenSasse "Dismissing the Iran-Contra  “illegality claim” as a “superficial issue..." 1/2
"Gorsuch wrote that Reagan possessed the executive authority to make the trade..." ~ @russellberman 2/2 http://fusion.net/story/384243/neil-gorsuch-college-yearbook/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=thisisfusion … #IranContra
That was a great interview/debate.  You need to be on once a week.
Here ! Here ! Are the D's saying they will never allow an appointment? What's the point if it's inevitable that Gorsuch will be 
if you're so anti-partisan, give us a real choice & run as an Indy in 20. I'll even recommend a RM for you. Cc: @JasonKander
how do I help my kids become as smart as you are?
or get bannon out of the White House and off the security council! Say no to white supremacists
Please vote no to DeVos. Maintain your dignity.
Anyone concerned about the consolidation of power in the executive branch would NOT vote for Jeff Sessions as AG. Oh yeah...
Shorter @SenSasse: Don’t live in the past, baby. Don’t you love our house, our life? Everything will be fine so long as you don’t upset me.
Debate with MSNBC: Anyone who is concerned about the consolidation of power in the executive branch should absolutely support Judge Gorsuch. 
.@SenSasse on @chrislhayes was scary. Calm, pseudo-intellectual, white patriarch posturing of the kind that convinces abused women to stay.
They convince you the past doesn’t matter to invalidate your reasons for not trusting them. Then if you don’t cooperate, you’re irrational.
As a Nebraska voter I am watching and saddened. Not even our senator will stand up for us!
If #Gorsuch had any honor at all he would not accept this nomination and defer to Merrick Garland.
- so many commenters simply ignoring the history re Garland and the Biden Rule. So different than Gorsuch nomination.
I was delighted with the discussion you and @chrislhayes had.
Complete thoughts, well thought out and refreshing. Good job.
excellent exchange with @chrislhayes! Chris, bring him on more.
Eat crow about Trump!!!!!
did you also read he was in the fascism forever club? Doesn't sound like a good candidate to this Nebraska woman.
If it wasn't for your past cowardly behavior with Garland, you appear to have honor here. Who is your acting coach?
you never answered the question on the Nuclear iption
@allinwithchris I like level headed senators. We need more of them.
This interview gave me some hope for sanity in DC. That said, SHOW YOUR STRIPES! Stand up to Trump on DeVos, on the Ban, etc.! @SenSasse
GORSUCH IS GONE WITH THE PUBLICATION OF HIS FOUNDING OF 'FASCISM FOREVER'  GROUP IN NEWSPAPERS TODAY.
Watched this last night and as usual Republicans scream unfair about tactics they use being used on them. Game was created by you
Appreciate interview on MSNBC re: Judge Gorsuch.  Please devote the same examination to DeVos.  I ask that you vote NO.
You never answered why you didn't have this same enthusiasm when Garland was nominated.Don't insult our intelligence @chrislhayes
we may not always agree, but proud you represent me and the State of Nebraska
party lines, affiliations, and party politics to decrease Exec. power and strengthen the Legislative Body to take the power back?
Nice try, but where was this argument and concern for democracy and separation of powers when Garland was appointed? #Hypocrite
you make an excellent argument but you can't punch someone in the face, then immediately say "we should stop punching".
good interview Senator. The exec. power creep is important to a lot of "leftist" too.  Are there R's (and D's) willing to (cont)
remember when you said Garland was Dead On Arrival?
GOP has no credibility to invoke fairness on any issue. You blocked Garland & your Prez. is a fascist. #resist
So you don't have a clue what Gorsuch's judicial leanings may be? Hilarious!
Nope. @SenSasse
taking the high road got us into this. So no.
If you read Gorsuch opinions & can't determine positions, your reading comprehension need work.This was an interview not debate
Republicans struck first. Last year. The turtles all the way down argument is empty.
this does not sway this citizens opinion
How is it that not seating Garland is a check on the president?
awe...so now it's time to place nice....not a chance
Silly man. You weren't in the Senate last year? When did you speak up for Garland? Did we miss that? #resist
I don't think it was ok for you to not support Merit Garland. That was Obama's seat to fill. You are a hypocrite.
Garland was picked by a sitting President,  sorry won't accept another tell repubes they had their chance they blew it
You cannot claim high ground now after the Garland debacle. Shame!
you refused to meet with Merrick Garland and you were radio silent on @SenateMajLdr obstruction.  You can have several seats sir.
the response to his question would better have been, "the American ppl saw R's argument on Garland and chose them to pick nominee"
I admire and respect the fact that you don't have party loyalty.  You are true to want these founding fathers envisioned.
appreciate your thoughtful answers.
there's been a vacancy on the supreme court for over a year, and trump has been in office for 13 days. Your logic is flawed.
THIS
You are my absolute favorite! Only you could disarm a guy like that and have a great conversation! Bravo.
this was a great interview! Respect to you from this Democrat!
@adamargaret You seem like a decent fella, Senator, and I love the nerd out. Just didn't hear this rhetoric re: J Garland.
@adamargaret well done, Senator. I'm assuming then, if Judge Garland's nomination had come to vote, you would have voted for him?
We need to support President Trump too!  He stands for our principles, and picked a great Supreme Court Justice!  @POTUS
.@SenSasse is the real deal. This is worth the watch just for the civics lessons.
Debate with MSNBC: Anyone who is concerned about the consolidation of power in the executive branch should absolutely support Judge Gorsuch. 
I agree can't unring that bell. Can either go forward on Gorsuch or stay in petty politics.
Merrick Garland.
Great dialogue, @SenSasse.  If a jurist is an originalist, it shouldn't really matter too much what his other personal thoughts are.
This guy? https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10158076101140109&set=a.10150730508885109.710993.560235108&type=3&theater … No thanks!  #SCOTUS
All u did was deflect. That's Garland's seat...where were ur convictions then? I grew up in NE, & I'm so embarrassed u represent.
BTW, are you supporting DeVos or not?  Seems like you've been pretty quiet about a DoEd nominee who wants to dismantle public ed.
You were fine playing the game against Garland, but *now* you want comity and to move forward?  Kinda rings hollow.
say NO to DeVos!  Follow the will of your constituency for a change!
I can live with Gorsuch joining the Supreme Court immediately following the equally qualified Merrick Garland
I'm concerned that you havent lead the charge for impeachment yet, or are you being black mailed too?
sure right after you support #MerrickGarland
@MZHemingway Anyone who gives time to Chris Hayes at this point should be voted out of office.
how can you say you are the third most conservative senator but not partisan? Kettle and pot?
Getting real good at your deflect and pivot game. The party of hypocrisy. #StolenSeat
@chrislhayes I agree w/ @maddow: Your interview/exchange of ideas was great. Chris: End interviews that don't meet this standard!
Great interview sir.
That was a terrific dialog. Kudos to you and Chris Hayes, whom I almost never agree with.
ummmm yeah.  I don't think so.
#StolenSeat
And you should have fought to support a vote for Garland. You lost credibility on this.
why should we have DT pick a justice?  The R led senate determined it was not a power of the executive?
Fabulous discussion.
Remember your job is to represent Nebraskans. Do it, or lose your job.
Right. YOU take the high road DEMs while we act out and steal the seat! Tell it to Mitch McConnell. @SenSasse
You ever heard of a thing called the bandwagon fallacy? Popularity (or lack of it) doesn't determine truth.
1 Nice guy great principles, but you didn't apply them to consideration of J. Garland. And now you say, let's don't revisit that.
2 It's easier to talk about abstract principles than it is to apply them to concrete circumstances.
he's qualified. The problem is that those who put him in power ignored the constitutional obligation for Garland. And you know it.
Technically no they simply refused consent. A known outcome; hearings would have wasted tax $ and spawned bad visuals
I don't disagree! Thanks. But #impeachment is a good idea too, sir.
I think we have bigger problems than a judge. Right or left you have to see it. Trump is killing all relationships with our allies
"Turtles all the way down"...why are you mocking your Majority leader?
am a democrat but I would support him
plus Australia ..., u got a mad president on ur hands.
Bad 13 days.
-Trump threatens Mexico.
-Iran tests missile.
-Russia/Ukraine Crisis.
-China States war w US inevitable bc Trump
and angers Germany, thumbing nose at EU.
yep... world war 3 except it's us against the world.
if you don't mind me rephrasing you- "the world against us"
Or you could work to remove Trump from office and we could support you.
