How confident are you that Trump would "peacefully transfer power" in 2020, should he lose?...Exactly. This video is off key.
In words of Ben Sasse:
Trump just threatened to destroy a man he knew nothing about to impress a man he just met
this in response to complaints about how inconvenient due process is when police want to sieze property.
what possible difference does it make what our 4th graders think? This is our reality now.
My father fought in Korea to his lifelong detriment for our freedoms, and now you are silent as an authoritarian takes power.
If you think Ben was "silent" you've paid no attention at all.
He's not silent.  He's a liar and jerk like the rest of GOP.
sits quietly while the evidence of Russian influence on our @WhiteHouse grows daily... #SpecialProsecutor #Sessions #perjury
why are you Anti-trump??????
the most valid question of our time
For all who say #NotMyPOTUS: guess what? He is. Unless you denounce your citizenship. . .
just like all the Tea Partiers and Birthers "accepted" Obama?
So 2 wrongs make a right? 3rd grade logic. And how many R's skipped Obama inaugural?
Right! Birthers were ignorant but they didn't act like the Dems are presently.
@Lynn_Rose1 @billsorn @zwash300 @ZenSund @SenSasse @BenSasse none for reasons unbecoming a Federal Representative of The People.
To my mind Trump is not qualified to be president; but the election was legitimate.
.@SenSasse Senator, you are young and smart. Now is your time to be the leader Ryan and McConnell are NOT. Denounce Trump 4 his lies and bs.
@JohnJHarwood That was because they were not #RussianBacked
Russia did not tamper w/voting & hacking/spying isn't new; DNC refused to give server to FBI; WHY?
That still doesn't excuse the #RussianBacked #pussygrabber #illegit45th
I'm not a Trump supporter; I'm sick about his presidency but there was no tampering w/the election.
What Russia wants most is to undermine democracy & you're playing into their hands.
The Russian deal is not new; happens all the time in many places & barely news; being played up in big way.
Y'a think? Just look at how the #pussygrabber loves being a #Putinspuppet 
thanks professor! Now when you realize your supposed to lead? Not college class anymore sunshine.
jefferson was a piece of shit & treated his mentor adams unjustly. other versions r bs. adams left d.c. b4 the inauguration began.
There is no reason to celebrate Trump he is not fit lead this nation.
You missed the point completely; we're celebrating America & the peaceful transfer of power -- even to one unfit!
I got the point, there is no celebration for an unfit person
there was nothing 'peaceful' about this con taking power. This was a cyber coup n the Russians won. Will u rescue us?
Talking smack is easy people need help not obstruction the Republicans never want help Americans just want to us to pay more& more
If every teacher goes back to our roots on american history instead of just history on races there'd be lest protest these days!
@JohnJHarwood you back someone elected only because of a foreign power's interference. THAT is the only history I'm concerned with
He didn't vote Trump & was quite vocal in opposition prior to the election but he's not denying reality.
Trump is going to become our president tomorrow & Russia didn't tamper w/votes; Hillary lost.
and you're woefully misinformed and will be BIGLY disappointed
BIGLY disappointed in our new president? Not a chance, I loathe the man.
I'm concerned about Trump & Russia; but I'm also concerned about Hillary & Russia.
Hillary is not a factor for me, never was.
.@PattiBoydRN @mmaureen7 @SenSasse @JohnJHarwood
We should celebrate honesty and integrity in government, daily. It's lost.  Please restore it, Senator -- Republic is at stake.
Agree. But I didn't vote for President Bannon. 45 is unhinged. What can we do to help you defy them?
Please do bipartisan investigation into #Trumprussia Trump even on David Letterman saying he has business in Russia-opposite of PC

For decades he was a critic,

every govt policy sure lacked logic,…
AMEN? AMEN REALLY ?? THEN THIS SHUD PI$$ U OFF CONSERVATIVE @SenSasse THIS IS TRUTH BOUT @realDonaldTrump HE IS NOT OFFICIAL. PAY ATTENTION
why did you when not supporting Trump I tell you people voted for him people can send you down road
Are you out of your mind...just saw.1st time..you on Oreilly!  U cant even detailing your persnl opnion...what says constutnts???
great points tonight on O'Reilly!! Teachers don't focus on american&world history, & geography these days & why we have it!
adams didn't attend jefferson's inauguration and the two didn't speak for over 20 years.
washington was sick that's why he didn't serve a third term. he died shortly thereafter. 4 a guy with a Ph. D. you don't know much
You embarrassed yourself when you voted to squash @SenWarren reading of the letter from Coretta Scott King. Shame.
You seem like a highly intelligent & perceptive person. I can understand some of your positions, but HOW could you vote for DeVos?





there's a white racist in the wh bannon & u say nothing. Just like 1930's. This is on u & ur party of do nothings unamerican
y are u voting for these ethically challenged unqualified nominees? If a nazi ran and was arepublican would u affirm him 4 party?
we need republicans to protect us from this unamerican president he protects Putin Bc he has something on him start impeachment 4A
you said there are no so called judges etc. what r u doing to protect USA from crazy trump? Vote against unq devos become a dem ?
show us u have scruples. Vote against unqualified devos to show trump he can't rule alone. So called judge statement is awful
have some  scruples mr sasse. Trump said we are killers. Refuses to crit Putin. He is an ignorant demagogue will u stand up 4 USA
#bloodonourhands FYI our Gov't has killed thousands proxy wars watch your mouth before your primaried 18
I voted for u! But if u vote for some one as unqualified who will hurt ourRural Schools as DeVos, I'll boycott U! Anyone else fine
Please do not vote for DeVos! She's not experienced an she could hurt our Rurall Schools in Neb. Thank you!
@marcorubio When are you guys going to wake up and realize the media is using you to push their own agenda? Blind!
if you preach respect, you also need to learn how to give it.
Very disappointed in you. Tirade not necessary! We were allies in WWII & tried to work to stop Germany. They might help w/ISIS 2/2
You totally missed the point of the interview. Pres Trump respected Putin AS THE LEADER OF A NATION not as a human being.  1/2
TY for calling out 45 on the "so-called judge" references. 45 just blamed potential terrorism on Judicial system. Dangerous talk.
look at what happen in the university Barclay they didn't allow Milo to speak where was you out rage?
under the OBAMA regime there was no free of speech! Look at what is happening the Christians didn't have freedom of speech!
trump believes we are no better than Russia,he respects and want to align USA with Putin.Trump is a Russian puppet.Believe it!
I know you think you are on the right side but respectfully you were a baby during Vietnam and kent state and now we repeat that
the absolute obstructionism you spoke of on This Week was the GOP's gameplan for 8 years. Now you don't like it? #DoubleSpeak
everytime our POTUS is attack he will respond. He has a right to defend himself. You guys MUST get on board with honesty OR be OUT
THE reason people think bad about POTUS IS BECAUSE of LIES and PROPAGANDA BY rino establishment, democrats, and the corrupt media!
watching ABC and you sound like you memorized everything. Talking points.  However, encourage YOU to be positive and support POTUS
Losing votes right & left! Party line is more important than Nebraska!!!!
This was the worst most nightmarish event.  Trump brought in white supremacists into the Whitehouse and gave them visible jobs.
How did you get eight minutes on MSNBC? I watched (gag) the whole thing & was amazed at your dance on the fence. @realDonaldTrump
can't someone do something about this madman in the White House? Isn't Congress concerned?
Please vote NO on DeVos. Her record in MI speaks for itself. We must protect public education to better society. Thank you.
No we're not

@BenSasse  this video brightened my Inaguration Day experience. Thank you. I love history #HistoryNerd
Please vote NO on DeVos. Investigate her failed experiment in MI. Don't let her destroy our public school system. Thank you!
I will never teach my children anything you believe in
pig
--  On CNN, you were great!  Loved your encouragement to others and your fairness!  You may be new kid on the block, but welcome!
where were u on President Obama SC Justice. Now u all complain disgusting
Follow your conscience like @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski
will do everything in my power to make sure you & Deb Fisher are out!
embarrassed/appalled by your rubber stamp votes for most of these nom's Inexperienced, unqualified, liars & conflicts.
#DeVosVote A plagiarist who knows nothing about the nation's education system--Shame on you, GOP
is complicit in Trump's overt racist, misogynistic hate, which has nothing to do with our Founders. It's more in line with these:
Ben, blind party loyalty is not going to save you.  You know you are not supporting a Republican or a Democrat.  Trump is neither
Just visited the timeline of a distinguished Senator fr Oregon & I'm so thankful that you (& Rubio) are my Senators- CF fr Florida
please support and vote Sessions, Price, Devos, Perry thank you
I will never, ever vote for you because if you support Sessions, you support racism
vote NO Jeff Sessions for US attorney general
#picketfence
Sir, as a Republican you should be backing the Ban not go against we will remember you in next election
Vote NO on appointing Jeff Sessions to Attorney General.
Hypocrite...we see you.
STOP the Trump regime from his racism, Islamaphobia, and patriarchy. History will not absolve you.
well it was a bad mistake...  ashamed. Mayors have more backbone.
thAnk you for being one GOP TO speak out for what is right. This is not America's values #nomuslimban #RefugeesWelcome
What are the Koch's serving for dinner? Don't get caught up in their crap. You may be our only hope to stop Trump. Don't pussy out
Day 8, still celebrating? Horrific start.
according to Trump, it's to stroke his ego
More blood on your hands. #GOPstands4nothing https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/josh-rogin/wp/2017/01/26/the-state-departments-entire-senior-management-team-just-resigned/?utm_term=.d1eabfccc072 …
don't build this stupid wall. Tremendous waste of money, it's beyond moronic
time to put on your big boy pants and do something about POTUS lying about the sacred act of voting in democracy
@CliffDavisMO for us all to remember...
Here it is
loved this history lesson, I hope you'll do more!
Thank you We have to remember it is great to be an America where we Can Bless God and express our Freedom God is always in charge
let's not! #NotMyPresident
@canlstillspeak cant wait till you crushed in your next primary
This is part of you GOP family...!!
Excellent!
.@SenSasse is Paul Ryan. He is terrible.
thank you!
@VeteranScout "For two hundred years..." Not even remotely rare for a country to have been doing it in the last two hundred years
@ryansasse15
Ben Sasse for president 
naaahh
bet
wonderful video about the inauguration!
Haven't we heard enough pandering for one day @SenSasse?
@jkstein47 Excellent! Thank you.
spoken like a man who isn't worried about his civil rights.
- thanks for this lesson on the peaceful transition of power. Took the kids to Independence Hall today for the same lesson.
Oh blow me with that peaceful transfer crap. You all STOLE the goddamn election.
Full of emotion watching Pence and Trump use historical Bibles during the Swearing-In! Bibles used in government ceremony-miracle!
That was incredible, thank you!
@tgradous Get onboard sir.
Sen., we dont celebrate Inauguration day. We honor with reverence our Constitution and the freedoms it provides on this day.
Jewish prayer for U.S. includes "all those who exercise just & rightful authority." That, along w-celebrating peace
is a national treasure.
.@SenSasse you're a good guy and 1 of the few sentient humans on your side of the aisle. Please don't normalise what's to come #Illegitimate
God bless America.
Except for the President, I don't know of ANYONE who "celebrates" it.
@Josh_Pitts Fantastic!
@Heinsight2020 I live in Nebraska and support Senator Ben Sasse.  Constitutionalist to the core.
@sadpatterson This is a great video!
great video! I just wish u could've put the ppl 1st 'stead of Prty politics, u still don't support our new POTUS! 
@mariasmith24 here's a good video for your class!
Relatively speaking, peaceful transfer of power is great and yet also kind of a low bar: https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/an-inaugural-celebration-that-rings-hollow/513902/ …
Thank you Senator Sasse. Great video. I do celebrate this Inauguration day!!
Thank you! This civics lesson should be taught in every school!
@RepJohnConyers This is why you should attend the inauguration.
@BenSasse So well done. Thank you Senator. Big fan. If Nebraska grows tired of you we need you in California.
We're (NE) not going to get tired, no matter where he is. You aren't the only one wishing him well!
The dolts who chose to boycott the Inauguration Ceremonies, which honor the "peaceful transition of power", should see this video.
Yes,we Americans are "obsessed w freedom"--& that, above all, has made America the greatest country in the history of existence!
You're a good guy.
you're just trying to put a positive spin on the inauguration of the least popular president in American history
@JohnJHarwood fine, God bless comrade trump, now ,we drink.
Today, the BSUGOP celebrate a tradition that has set America apart from other nations. The idea of peaceful transition of power.
If only the leftists would get it.
Impressive video. Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for this.
@BenSasse can I celebrate that cantaloupe tie instead??  snazzy!
I respect you and all for which you stand, but this one is just too hard to stomach. You have my vote if I ever get a chance tho!
I like the sentiment but you overlooked the fact Adams imprisoned ca. 23-28 of his critics in the media by force (Sedition Act)
Thank you, Senator. Our country is blessed by your statesmanship in a time of an over abundance of politicians.
go away. U never supported Trump. Worst senator ever!!!
Great video. Great context. Well done. And thank you.
I get where you're coming from, but your party and Trump, is harming my family and my kids. WHY should I be peaceful about it?
Excellent civics lesson.  Wish more people would listen.
Trump will win in 2020!!!!!!!!
This is a terrific lesson in history and transfer of power by @SenSasse
Why we celebrate Inauguration Day. 
It's ok, it misses some major details and implications like the Sedition Act. As a historian he'd get a B-.
, I'm a Nebraska Democratic, but I appreciate your history lesson.  I don't agree with all of you views, but love you passion!
*your*
Beautiful. You might be the first Republican I ever vote for, seriously.....Will you defend the Constitution's Emoluments Clause?
Ben, always a class act ...
@BenSasse God bless America!
Thx!
nice try. This is different sir
Important history lesson.  I appreciate your diligence in imparting the true meaning of the #Inauguration  #PeacefulTransistion
@BenSasse Thank you Senator!
-I celebrated in 2009 & 2013 but will morn 1/20/17 as pestilence in chief @realDonaldTrump stinks up WH
@hughhewitt having been to Venezuela on Election Day I'm so thankful we don't have to worry about armed guards walking threw towns
@AdamBaldwin stupid Twitter won't let me like this more than once.
You make me want to vomit. How dare you mention Washington (& even Jefferson) in the same breath as that trash fire taking office?
Thank you for this, Sen. Sasse.  Much needed this inauguration eve, especially by those of us struggling w/Trump as president.
very well said Sir.  I continue to follow you and your thoughts on our Nation.  Checks and Balances but not needless obstruction.
@BenSasse I am very disappointed by the election results and disagree with all that Trump stands for, but this is a good message.
Ick.
thanks for the history lesson, nice job!
I am an unapologetic independent I appreciate your outreach to all who are patriots, who get the amazing act of a peaceful transfer of power
@mak_brooke_pro thank you for this, an amazing recollection of why the statement: this is the worst election ever is plain false.
