#RescindDACA and get a #FullRepeal of Obamacare!

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Now is your chance. Trump is flipping on #DACA. Get rid of it! Its unconstitutional! Stay conservative. #UnitedForFreedom
Rome is burning!!! Get Nero off the throne before we are doomed. Please!
You said, "A presidential candidate who boasts about what he’ll do during his reign & refuses to condemn KKK can't lead a Cons movement."
Now you need to take action and start impeachment proceedings!
It is time to #RescindDACA Put  Americans first now. #UnitedForFreedom
Lots of great stories right now. Like Trump ending DACA. What does that say about America?
Forgot Ellis island ,periodically immigration has been limited at times.Your advocating for corporate welfare not immigration. It's cronyism
It's Republicans like U who R ignorant & weak & go against your own party. Not standing by our President. Join the Dems/Liberals & Soros.
Will you speak out against the KKK, neo nazis, and racists? They are destroying America! Diversity in America is our strength!
Retired this never trumper
You have a voice, use it to speak of unity & not seperation. Don't wait for POTUS. Be a Leader now.
Stop freaking just risk-tisking and actually DO SOMETHING.  You have the power, we tge people have put our lives in your hands!
Perhaps you should check with Trump's top man Stephen Miller about what HE thinks about the Statue of Liberty's pedestal.
The Statue of Liberty sits in New York Harbor, not on our Southern Border! Now build the Wall.
I read that you blame Trump  for the unrest. You are letting the MSM off the hook  for pushing an irresponsible & dangerous false narrative
In the Hill article:  All I hear when I read this is Sen Sasse talking out both sides of his mouth.  Weak leader that rides the fence.
Dear Senator:  Words are not enough.  Action is needed.  Trump is trying to entice violence.  He made it clear.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Enjoy the spot light while you can. Next election you're going bye bye for failing those that voted for u. #VoteNeverTrumpersOut
Stephen Miller is going to fight you for this.

To be silent is to be complicit. No #TravelBan for refugees.


#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Stand with WE THE PEOPLE Ben! #FreeMarketOnly ##REPEALOBAMACARE #RecindDACA! #UnitedforFreedom!
Senator,
The People demand Legislation restoring Rule of Law, nullifying Obama's DACA Executive Order.  #RescindDACA  #UnitedForFreedom
VIOLENCE IS COMING??? Really??? @realDonaldTrump  is our rightfully elected Pres.!!! You sir need to HELP him!!!
Are u involved in planning violence to discredit @POTUS. 
Can you explain ? @GOP @FBI 

https://twitter.com/PhxGOP/status/898752320086855682 …
https://twitter.com/PhxGOP/status/898752967968305153 …
Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka and Miller. #FireGorka  #FireMiller
Senator, a woman was killed in Charlottesville by a neo-Nazi and @POTUS said some of them are "fine people." He is unfit to lead. Statement?
So #PresidentBannon actually got fired before you could do the right thing.  Fence is just too comfortable and safe. Ideals run over by 45.
You know Ben,If I had been a registered republican,I would never have endorsed trump.Why did you?And what are you going to do about him?
what

Exactly what is your point?
Maybe you are preparing us for your proposal to cut corporate welfare and those loopholes for the 1%.
Is this your salvo on Medicaid, the disabled and poor? Or maybe the Social Security and Medicare?
Tell us again how you are getting into heaven? God anointed you to  defeat  hate, gave you the direct power by law,and you did not impeach?
Why have you not publicly denounced the presidents words by name on tues? Nebraskans are waiting and watching..and voting!
He's from Fremont, his fence isn't Barbed wire like a rancher or he'd feel it poking his ass sore. Deb @SenatorFischer likes the feel...
On this day 2017 you didn't condem President Trumps comments about #charlottesvilleterroristattack
no response to Trump's words?  PATHETIC!
Impeach!!!!!!!!!!!  Stop ignoring the elephant in the WH and remove him!
Please call out the President- #Nebraska
Bob Corker has decency, And courage to go with common sense, I guess. But hey, if Trump's your man and you guys are getting so much done...
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
No statement from you about Trump? You're not living up to the title of your book. Hypocrisy.
This is exactly the messages Americans need, thank you, it is why we are defeating Dems each year, Americans want to be proud, safe, secure
Are you proud of your party and president?
He's proud of all the winning and he might just play a Christian on TV like Trump's Jared, etc pretending to be Jewish. Works for votes!
DO SOMETHING.
Is it time for you to really stick up for America and denounce Trump, Bannon and the hate-stoking White House. David Duke ok by you?
Words are no longer adequate. It's time for the GOP to lead our country to #impeachTrump
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump
Republican, Eisenhower, helped defeat The Nazis in WWII. How can a Republicans honor him today?? Please, please speak out.
It's time for u to renounce trump. Say something
GOP is now known as the party of fascism!
Where in the poem does it talk about white supremacy and nazism? Which side are you on?
https://twitter.com/PiercedSkull/status/897578330798657537 …
Nope. You own this guy
Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
stop your silence on fascism. Get working on kicking out Bannon and Miller from the White House
Then why does Stephen Miller not realize Emma Lazarus' poem was used to raise those funds? We've always welcomed refugees
Long live liberty
Yes, but did he clearly-enough condemn white supremacism? More importantly, do Neocons support this?> http://www.radioliberty.com/ThePopulationControlAgenda.pdf … |So, DeFund PP
The Statue of Liberty sits in New York Harbor, not on our Southern Border with Mexico! Now build the Wall.
Querido  senador Ben  gracias mil desde Venezuela por su apoyo dios lo bendiga y mucha suerte gracias mi pueblo honra su apoyo
This would be a much better video if you hadn't ignored the message on the base which is what America used to be about.
Sad that no longer Owens the Statue of Liberty - Clean the Swamp - Make America Great Again

What are you a tour guide?  Repeal Obamacare, pass tax reform and do your job.  America is waiting for you to do something.
Did you run this by Stephen Miller?  Republicans aiding and abetting #Trump should he ashamed.  History will remember you
You're a KochBros stalking horse who connived to deprive millions of healthcare.
And you're incredibly silent about POTUS's insufficient response to today's events in Charlottesville. WEAK! Morally rotten.
And #OnThisDay in 2017 there was a massive white supremicist rally in Cville that left one person dead.Please start standing up for things?
Sir-why haven't you weighed in on #Charlottesville , and ask Mr.@POTUS  to fire the racists in his own White @AngryWHStaffer staff?
I love this so, so much.
@BenSasse WHY don't you tell us a story about what you are doing to FIX health care & tax reform!!!
That we'll voluntarily pitch in to worthy causes in the absence of a welfare state....
Stand up for the American values Lady Liberty represents. Condemn the hatred & bigotry of the white supremacists in #Charlottesville today.
So where do you stand on the Sam Clovis nomination to Ag?  Time to take a stand for the value you pontificate on......
You forgot to add a trigger warning for Trumpkins
Where are your comments on the Charlottesville kkk rally?
Thanks for the history lesson, Senator! Can you comment on the choice of Emma Lazarus's poem as part of the fundraising effort?
Seriously, I think it adds heft to the history.
Pulitzer was also involved in backing the Stony Creek, CT Granite quarrymen toiled and shipped, the material for the salty environs.
#charlottsville - denunciation coming soon from you?
Long live liberty
#Charlottesville
Thank you Senator Sasse. What a powerful & I'll bet little known story of what we're all about. I pray that someday I call u Mr. President
You know you're an exceptional country when people look up to you to help solve their problems. It's a blessing.
@BenSasse and trump just took a big old crap on it! The statue of lib is a Muslim woman after all but your COVEFEFE so never mind
We french gave you the statue but not the pedestal? Great prank.
I chalk this up to a fetishism of commodities. Most likely copper or bronze in this case.
kinda early for one of your future "feel good" campaign ads?  #dumbusdown
You forgot Emma Lazarus' poem, "The New Collossus," which was no small part of that fundraising effort.
About that: Episode 65: A Full Figured Gal - The Way I Heard It with Mike Rowe [http://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/traffic.libsyn.com/thewayiheardit/Episode_65__A_Full_Figured_Gal.mp3?dest-id=323283 …]
Thank you for reminding us what makes us great.
So folksy
#NeverForget the 100 million native Americans and people of color who died for all of your happiness and privilege. #NoFascistUSA
With all respect, Senator, putting small distances between yourself and the White House xenophobia is insufficient.
On this day in 2017 a group of white nationalists surrounded counter protesters with torches at UVA. They call themselves the Alt Right
Your silence on denouncing this is deafening
 your party is the #nazi wing
In 2017 congressmen and women stood silent while a madman plunged the world into nuclear war. What does this say about you?
U mean they raised it on their own and not through gov coercion (taxation)?
Cool story. Tell us one about how you voted to rip healthcare away from millions of Americans and tens of thousands (@ least) in NE!
I love that, Senator Sasse...but what about Emma Lazarus' poem...please talk anout it. Her message is more vital now than ever...
'Bye!
Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump http://fxn.ws/2wNTq4x 
I understand EGO. But you have to be realistic. You just don't want to run, if only thing you achieve will be please CNN, DNC& Dems& Pelosi
The democrat party is confused, they are clueless. You know that. But it's Trump who did that to them, NOT YOU! Don't help them
Any smart advisor will tell you same. CNN hosts & Hillary& Pelosi& DNC will be glad you will run in 2020. Do you want to help them? Really?
Just be realistic. You are no better orator that Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio etc. And you don't have as much Charisma as Cruz or Rubio. Get it?
Who did Bill Kristol help last 2 years& half? CNN& Dems& Hillary. He didn't succeed but that was the role he played. Don't be him
Try 2024 instead. Don't help CNN & Democrats. No way you can win in 2020. Don't listen to Bill Kristol, he is a poop
Ego is a rough thing. Ego is a rough thing. I get the sense that You seem to think you can      win in 2020. Ego is a rough thing.
I just hope that you can see past your ego. (I know it's rough). No way you can be president. Only thing you can do is please CNN& help Dems
Ego is a tough thing. Just amazing. You think you are better than Cruz or Rubio? How?  They are better orators than you w better Charisma.
2) Run for president to satisfy your ego& Bill Kristol's stomach& you are assured a lose. Your ego don't tell you but you don't have it.
Amazing that you have one quality you share with Carly Fiorina. Hard to listen to you more than a minute or two. 1)
Your statements mean zilch. You are grooming yourself to be POTUS.  The world is terrified and tRump just congratulated
Guam on being famous.   Call for Impeachment. Anything less is enabling him just as much as the rest of the corrupt GOP
Maybe WORSE... bc you make your feisty lil headlines but DO NOTHING.
#OnThisDay in 2017 Ben Sasse looked the other way as his party's president risked our country's moral, democratic, and physical existence.
Just that one day? 
So why are we deporting good people?
Damn the rhinos!  Damn the dims!  Damn the snowflakes and jeffflakes!  Do the peoples work or be voted out!  MAGA!  DTS!!
And today we have a terrible president allowing Stephen Miller to desecrate this symbol. What do you say to that?
Why do Republicans always want war? To pay back DEFENSE corps? Lobbyists? This is insane.
Our President wants a war somewhere...NK, now Venezuela. WTH is going on? Congress needs to intervene. Don't you care??
then why don't you free us from Obamacare ?
Trying to gloss over your homeboy's tear down of the Statue of Liberty?  Too little, too late, RUSSIAN TRAITORS and fans of Hitler.
How about you focus on stopping the mad man in our Whitehouse from taking us to war!
Weird how so many liberals are following you???
Sasse is a Hassert apologist. F him
Thank u for this story of American pride. Please share with your party's mouthpiece, Stephen Miller. I notice that no GOP criticized him.
@BenSasse showing just how "not serious" of a senator he really is.
Follow this link to see how much our politicians raise from special interest. 100 k won't get you a phone call now. http://Opensecrets.com 
Thanks for the history lesson!
The poem was not about bringing unlimited illegals here so tell your Libtard friends stop with the revisionist history.
@LindseyGrahamSC has a message for you:
if you are so happy with this, fire Stephen Miller for what he said.

Talk to whoever edited in the score of this piece and tell them that the music should enhance the message not drown it out.
I like you. However, I think you and your party need to start showing the American People that we're safe from our own @POTUS!!!
u n the rest of the DC crooks need 2 get the psychopath out of the WH asap we the people dn't wnt another Rothschild war! @GOP @TheDemocrats
