And yet with its takings, the federal government believes you and everyone else does.
Great, ISIS is ruling the world and you're tree hugging.  Go climb one and jump off, but get with Trump or soon you're career is over.
Thank you for honoring our roots, which, like the trees planted, anchor us to our land and our precious democratic principles.
And so you left NE without a SEN on the AG Committee for 1st time since 1969? Very sad not to represent NE-1/4 jobs AG RELATED!!!!
Cognitive dissonance much Senator? Look at your voting record!
That's why we oppose Keystone XL!
Stop at any truck stop anywhere in Nebraska and view the litter around it and ask if Nebraska cares about their land.
Well, I'm biased, but almost as nice as Wisconsin.  Come visit anytime.
You seem to be a closet dem. Come out and we will embrace you!
Is this why you left the Senate AG Committe to further own career? 1st time since 1969 NE has not had a Senator on this. Thanks
If @SenSasse says Nebraskans don't take the land for granted, then isn't it up 2 us 2 protect it from pollution/protest Keystone XL pipeline
So you know there will be pollution from the pipeline? Must be clairvoyant 
Part of why EPA shouldn't be gutted.
You better avoid continue perpetuating the Trump- Russia connection lie or we will work to take you seat away from you!
This is what happens with free trade! Don't you get it?  We lose very precious materials.
Ahh good ole Arbor Day, one of the groups that could have sued USA if we joined the Paris agreement. Clear what side you represent.
Voted for Pruitt, didn't speak up about Keystone. Your actions font match your words
Then why are Republicans willing to destroy the environment?  Oh, that's right, .  #GOPHypocrisy #FlipTheHouse2018 #FlipTheSenate2018
Apparently Nebraskans like #rancidbacon take health care for granted and vote it away though....you better kill that bill.
WhyDoesTheGOPWantToDestroyOurLandWithTheKeystoneXLPipelineThatWillEventuallyLeak&PolluteTheOgalalaWaterAquafer?
Interested in your book, @SenSasse, as someone left of center, but grew up with hard lessons taught through hard work and community building
More gaslighting/flamboyant words.Your actions put polluters before ppl. You exploit for profit. #NoKXL  BTW: #TrumpRussia
Except when it involves oil for foreign countries?! Then screw NE and our land...ugh
So are you going to let Trump destroy all the Nat'l monuments that an R Prez started 100 yrs ago?
That's an interesting statement coming from someone who supports pipelines coming through our state...#NoKXL
So you'll be 100% against opening up national parks to greedy corps that want to destroy them correct??
This why the GOP wants polluted rivers, lead in water, mercury in rivers and industry raping our land and the tax payer. We can do better.
This NE voter wants to know why are you backing this administration that wants to do irreparable damage to the land and everything on it
Then actually do something to fight for it
And yet your party continues to undo legislation protecting the land.
Morton started Arbor Day because he falsely believed planting trees induced the heavens to produce more rain, thus increase ag productivity
There is only one earth, Earth people should condemn the Taiwan government, the temple made air pollution.
Unless of course they want to build a HUGE plant for Costco to raise chickens in.
Good post Sen.!
Proud of Arbor Day and that heritage.  Unfortunately, we have very some of the most polluted water in the country due to fertilizers.
You should be ashamed to look you kids in the eye#tinyspuppet
That's why Nebraskans oppose #KeystoneXL
what is your position on @realDonaldTrump actions against national parks and monuments? @SierraClub
There's only one National Forest in NE, but it's a beauty! Awesome state!!!
then you should have been opposed to Scott Pruitt and the Keystone pipeline practice what you preach ben #trumpcare #nebdems  land hater
And voted for Scott Pruitt?
That also why we don't want #KeystoneXL  check out what Tar Sands can do. Google Mayflower AR. Oil spill
Can you sponsor a new Arbor Day challenge to replace all the trees people have cut down?  Would be a good idea I think!
Thank you! When next you can, please remind @potus that this is where oxygen comes from. 

#climatechange #science #nationalparks
You're a Republican, so, kind of hard to buy that one.
Great idea Ben. Does this mean you do NOT support the pipeline through our state?
thank you Nebraska! Here is a video from our local celebration today in Pennsylvania.
Ps enjoy the pipeline next to the second biggest aquifer in the world. No worries
Government holiday. Crazy.
Another reason to respect environment, not destroy it by dismantling EPA. Probably not a bad idea to "dump" Trump.
Just wait till Trump drills at Chimney Rock
What would he drill for? Water or sand because that's all that there is in that ground.
Facetious
Which is why you voted for Pruitt? Your voting record does not reflect respect for clean air and water.
I'm your constituent. The 1st thing God told us was be good stewards of the earth. I'm no longer religious, but that is still my guide.
You are the religious one, shouldn't it be yours too?
That's why you are fighting cuts to EPA, and have #NoKXL #NoDAPL positions, correct, Nebraskan?

I'll remember the touching arbor day platitudes as I enjoy Lincoln's tap water and ponder this info

My toddler and I celebrated by harvesting the first mulberries of the year.
So glad to see you continue to remain interested in Ag, even though you left the Senate. AG COMMITTEE. 1st time since 69 NE no SEN
How do we get rid of Pruitt before he guts EPA
Cool story. Thanks fro sharing!
Apparently you all just take freedom and sovereignty for granted I guess. Sweet MAGA. #doyourjob investigate these 
Your voting record says otherwise
So you will be working to protect the EPA?  Oh. Right. You've already voted against protecting our water.
@topazshell
Nebraska started Arbor Day? I didn't know that. Good Move Nebraska! 
Nice of you to post this -- too bad you've caved before the Dear Leader.
Except all the feedlot runoff, overuse of fertilizers, herbicides, etc. and of course letting pipelines dump oil into aquafers
S.A.- When did the dump of oil happen in  NE?
hahahaha
Very fond of the #ArborDay foundation.
Puhleez! Ur & ur party r killing the earth! So shut ur mouth!
How you gonna support a pres that wants to sell of the National Parks, wants to pollute the air and water, fights green energy? Ur a hack.
Sell off the National Parks?  Come on.  Federal government owns 47% of all land in the West & most of OR, UT, & NV.
I visited Nebraska for the first time a month ago and fell in love! Beautiful state and wonderful people.  I had the best damn steak ever!
I thought it was when all the ships came into the arbor.

İnsan ve Doğa Arasındaki İlişkiyi Keşfetmek İçin Yapılan Büyüleyici ve İnanılmaz Gerçekçi Heykeller http://bit.ly/2mZTfxD 
