"Freedom" unless you happen to be a woman, then you're just an incubator.
.@TomPerez Your profile says you fight for the little guy. Please check out this little fella -- special, isn't he? (He's 12 weeks old.) 
You are sad 
Sad that I have fewer rights than a corpse according to Senator Sasse.
It's your civic duty to understand our constitution. Our rights are in there.  As well as the restraints on our fed govt.
According to Sasse, my right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness doesn't matter if my birth control fails.
How does birth control failing stop any of those things?  Look in the mirror & remember god loves YOU
Ever heard of preeclampsia?
You need to take care of yourself.  It's called personal responsibility.
You don't think women have the right to decide what happens to their own bodies.
Two lives! Idiot!
I like that you have so little faith in your argument that you had to resort to name calling.
Yes. What is so radical about a group of white men who want to take civil liberties away from women & PoC?
The federalist society and it's connections to the heritage foundation, koch brother's, and The CNP.
It seems ordinary to you.
Don't forget ALEC. #Conspiracy201
That's a logical fallacy. My points are based on evidence. So move along little troll. 
https://www.logicallyfallacious.com/tools/lp/Bo/LogicalFallacies/74/Conspiracy-Theory …

Because @FedSoc's goal is implementing #KochBros plan to destroy our social safety net, end public education, shutdown EPA, and much more.
He even went on tv and said Hillary did not endanger our country and its secrets the double standards u all show Americans is disgusting!
Ben if you support America as an idea do you support Gerrymandering?
You're toast. One term wonder.
Well...treating taxation as an infringement upon freedom equal to slavery.
Sen Sasse-could you please start working for middleand keep D.C. petty fighting is some back ally
What's scary is you haven't even seen a memo from Comey to be scared about your traitor. RINO.
Where the hell were you when Obama interfered with Hillary investigation ? Justice dept, FBI all under obama n told not to indict
Define "rich." People on welfare in the US have a higher standard of living than the average European and 95% of the rest of the world.

....our movement must destroy the prevalent statist paradigm and erect, in its stead, a new paradigm of liberty for all people.
Ben Sasse.....  Gomer Pyle's inbred cousin!
Daddy's money.
Wow! You're no Trey Gowdy are you?
Let me clarify my last tweet: "I can draft the member's offspring of The @FedSoc into war, whereas a Corporation I can't. Or are you blind?
I can't draft @FedSoc as an entity into a future war-but as a President, I sure as hell can draft their kids. Citizens United was bad law.
Leaked coded data source info, is the also "NOT HELPFUL" ooooooh such strong words.
Your showed your true colors tonight never trumpers , this news is troubling , it's false , now your accusing McMaster and tillerson a liar
It is time the people in Nebraska find out about what you really are.
We want & support Trump. Also, the Comey dismissal was NOT botched. I don't think normal people really care.
We trust the President. I don't trust the Democrats at all. I barely trust the Republicans. You need to support Trump-no backstabbing.
Did you notice this punk does NOT mention which State he Represents. Please people pay attention. Sasse is corrupt punk. #DCestablishment
Ha hah! You. Are. A. Bot.
I just dislike Sasse.
AWESOME!  Keep up the good work! We need more like you, Sen. Sasse 
#FullRepeal Get govt out 1/6 worlds economy! #KeepThePromise, Revert plans to moment b4 ACA & get out of healthcare or we'll primary you!
#FullRepeal Senator. We won't b satisfied with anything less and u know it. #KeepYourPromise #UnitedForFreedom
We r counting on a #FullRepeal Senator. Please do not let us down. #KeepYourPromise #UnitedForFreedom
Thank u for your conservativism, please stand strong for a #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom.
#FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom Honor the SEVEN plus years promise of REPEAL. Government doesn't need to be in the healthcare
##REPEALOBAMACARE! #UnitedforFreedom! NO socialized medicine!
Please stand strong and support #FullRepeal
Yes, but when the state asks us to give up our freedom to let them "take care" of us, we have a problem.
Sen Ben Sasse thank you for letting us know you stand with Russia. We hoped you would have protected our own democracy. Now we know.
#FullRepeal of O'care get IRS & NSA out of our HC #UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom Honor the SEVEN year promise of REPEAL. Government doesn't need to be in the healthcare business
No socialized medicine Ben!  #UnitedForFreedom!
Are you a sunshine patriot, do you shrink from your duty get the government out of healthcare. No replacement! #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
Federal gov't has no legitimate power to provide healthcare - will fail like VA
#Constitution #FreeEnterprise #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it.....
Stay strong Sen Sasse continuing to be principled. We are behind you #UnitedForFreedom and #FullRepeal of ACA God Bless
Tweaks to Ocare in House not even close to #FullRepeal. Stop outrageous government overreach! Government is not Daddy. 
#UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal on socialized healthcare in America. Or say bye-bye in #2018 #2020 #UnitedForFreedom
Is it a radical idea to expect Congress to do its job? Rs look complicit in hijacking of democracy. Special prosecutor necessary now.
Get over it. Trump won. If the Cornhuskers loose a ball game do u protest & say bad things about the winning team?  Stop whining
Dear Ben, As an outside observer It's hard to understand why there isn't a more vocalised criticism of your President from within the ranks
I put "Partayyy" over everything...but then, I drink too much.
Govt is responsible to pass laws protect from foreign invaders & ensure domestic tranquility. We the people are responsible for our freedom.
As soon as you as an elected official believes that you hold the key to the peoples freedom you have reduced the people to serfdom.
Well not if that freedom includes voting against me Right? DJT MAKE HALF OF AMERICA GREAT AGAIN NOT YOUR HALF.
It will not matter what you stand for if you don't kill the bill that #rancidbacon just voted for
Oh, probably because they think freedom is only for rich white people.
Hypocrite. How much $ Trump's fam makes off presidency?  Clearly against law but u do nothing to end the madness of his greed.
No more dorking around!  Kill the Filabuster and 1) fix Ocare, 2) cut taxes 3) build the wall and 4) support your president. We won!!!!!
There you go again.
The American Constitution Society's Prez candidate was supported by CPUSA.  Who's radical?
Nice job Senator!
Great words. Next, do one on what "bad behavior" is for a judge, and explain why you've done nothing about it.
So, change the law - NO LIFETIME JUDICIAL APPOINTMENTS to ANY Federal bench, including SCOTUS. Their tenure gives them that "god" attitude.
Founding Fathers warned of this activism.There should also be recourse of immediate removal in cases of activism vs sound constitutionality.
Congress - the largest self-preservation group we have that can, literally, make our existence miserable because if their collective power.
We also retain power to remove them by voting for alternative candidates. Too few run for office.
We have swept Congress clean, ever. Big money buys the seats. Needs total reform basement to Capitol Done and every hall.
Glad your in the Senate giving voice for us Constitutionalist.
Will you enforce the separation of duties when there is a call to "do something about the 9th district"?
Looking forward to the day when you are sitting in the Oval Office.
There is only one earth, Earth people should condemn the Taiwan government, the temple made air pollution.
Playing loose w/meaning-"Freedom" is self-serving &exclusionary;Suggest: education, in Ur case has led down garden-path o Rule-by-Priviledge
Is it not that th existence of Laws is most-often 2prevent exploitation of have-nots by HAVES or people by Gov... Magna Carta; Constitution.
Define "Freedom"? .. Poor/Disadvantaged preyed upon by "Free"/RICH - Real "Freedom" means LAWS that protect them from being used as targets
How are the poor "preyed upon" by the rich, and what laws would you suggest to ameliorate that w/out creating predatory kommisars in turn?
THANKS, BEN! Proud to call you my senator. Wish the one ones who don't believe in the Constitution would take your advise and resign!
Simple question. Yes or no answer. Is it the "right" of a business owner to refuse service based on '...'? ie: Is "Whites Only" ok?
Hmm, middle of the nite crickets. ! 2nd ammend, shall we? My WHT land owning husband has the right to B N the barn, bldg nuke ready drones?
Would B helpful 2 know what UR oath means 2 U. Boots laced up, 68144, ready to share w/ Nebraskans WHAT is representing #NE02
Seems basic, but we lost our way. We would do well to revisit the federalist papers & the founders vision of separation of powers.
People don't understand the 10th Amendment?
@drawandstrike @FedSoc Convention of States, what's the hold up senator?
Go get 'em Senator
Was @SenSchumer  Late for bus to the White House? After all he’s tried to delay everything else Trump’s wanted to do @instapundit
@libertylatina @FedSoc Continues to wow. Good job Senator!
A shadow gov is destroying America & Ben bloviates abt nothing. Go back to being a history teacher. We need action now. It's urgent.
Bravo!
That was wonderful. As usual, nothing accomplished but you sounded like you "care". Good grief what a joke.
Bravo. I hope you consider a run for POTUS one day. Sadly, can't say the same for my Senators from New Jersey.
Trump has shown he's only interested in legislating via decree(executive order) w/out Congress. Until we unite against, this discussion=moot
@ImSimonGeorge
The question is not the preservation of freedom, it is the definition of freedom. Freedom from what? Freedom for what? Freedom to do what?
Thank you Senator Sasse. You are a wonderful example to a watching nation. We need 99 more just like you #definitelyaSassefan
I DISAGREE!!  We need one more... AS PRESIDENT!
NOPE
I loved when you gave this same speech during the Garland hearings, when you upheld your constitutional duty. Principles don't have parties.
Among the ideas debated by the Federalist Society is whether the 14th Amendment should be removed from the constitution.  That isn't a 1/2
commitment to upholding the Constitution.  It's political activism designed to undermine the prevailing Constitutional order.
Removing an amendment via a Constitutional process isn't Constitutional?  What about prohibition?
I'm not arguing it is not Constitutional.  I'm arguing that it removes the society from the aura of being a debating society committed to 1/
preservation of the existing Constitutional order and into the realm of political activism.  2/
The existing Constitutional order INCLUDES debating whether or not it should be changed.  It's not off the table.
Amendment is a political matter not a jurisprudential one.  It is beyond the scope of what the Society is being presented to be.
Where does @fedsoc promote judicially changing the Constitution? Or does it debate the idea via proper channels?
So you're Against the never-ending tax breaks for the wealthy who lobby only for self-interest?  That would be refreshing.
2/will you introduce a bill creating a separate court where aggrieved citizens can do precisely that? We s/b able to fire philosopher/kings.
I like you and I think you are a reasonable Republican + most taxes should go down, but cutting passthrough taxes to 15 percent is insane.
The truth is often radical to the small-minded.
That looks like a really comfy chair.
What could possibly be more important than investigating the Russian interference on our executive branch?
Ben, better hair part - looks dorky parted in middle, just saying!
It is in a national socialist society.
Great job Senator
Spittin' fire.  atta boy.
Mostly their definition of "preserving freedom"

But Senator that's Big Gubment
Hey @SenSasse remember when you pretended not to put Party over Country as an April Fools joke? I never fell for it.
The simplest way for Russia to try to weaken us is by trying to exploit the places where we are already weak. https://www.wsj.com/articles/america-is-ill-prepared-to-counter-russias-information-warfare-1490655558 … 
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. But worse than doing nothing is pretending to care
None of that makes any sense or is relevant to what he said in the clip. Statements of fact aren't partisan.
"Statements of fact aren't partisan" is a vast oversimplification of reality. Also, both Sasse's sentences are interrogatives, so...
