By voting how you did, and how you continue to blindly support Trump, you have all but guaranteed you won't be elected in Nebraska again.
News flash Paul, Mr Sasse does not support @POTUS   Not even a little bit.  I hope usgov gets their s&it together tho , for NE and America
Oh he doesn't??? He votes with him on every matter and never strays from party line....
How about this one: Republican Bill: don't like Obamacare here no more healthcare.
He's running against potus in 2020 instead of working WITH him, he's worried about fighting against him... shame!!
Honesty: This family are the people you represent - promised full repeal? Please, explain that to the Koesters
has an inflated view of his own importance. Here's a clue: we don't care what you think!! #MAGA
thought you were better than the other Repugs, you're as bad! letting Americans go without HC and passing bills so they can't afford it!!
You are a phony, you are a Democrat who loves Obama care
What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @SenSasse is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
#SwampCare = 98% ACA; Don't be blamed for its failure
#FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace

"Well, I'm certainly concerned," said Sen. Lindsay Graham, staring at the mushroom cloud. "It's very troubling," added Sen. Ben Sasse.
Not "his" area.....Sasse is laser focused on taking healthcare from 16-32 million (32,000,000 ).....he voted yes 3 Times, way to focus......
God u suck
Let's be honest, Senator. Those bills were a give-a-way to the rich.
You will be voted out. You side with people who hide behind the cry of racism to incite violence. To many afraid to call out the left!
Do your job as Senator or step aside Sasse!   You were elected to fix not to better yourself
Fully repeal ACA. Allow free-market solutions, and allow buying policies across state lines. The "skinny repeal" was all smoke and mirrors.
Stop supporting this embarrassing @POTUS
Opinions have changed...start listening to people. It's okay to evolve a viewpoint.
Agree!
"Hur dur both sides are bad!"
dipshit
Vote Sasse out, he's no team player, quickly joined the swamp, all about money not American people
Why did you vote for sanctions on Russia justified on lies? You people are traitors to the American people.
You want honesty? Tell how voting to take healthcare from millions is a goo idea.
If you really care about Americans, vote NO against Graham Cassidy health bill
Keep peddling your farcical "respect for Senate decorum" schtick while voting for non-transparent bills. Nobody is buying your act anymore.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891722694512824321 …
Are you honest to the people who put you in office? No!
Did you actually vote FOR the failed republican health bill?  Against your constituents wishes and it's complete amoral foundation?
Do you currently listen to your constituents?! Why are you so determined to hurt us?
Well, Trump should learn not to make promises he can't keep. Liar in Chief.
And you have a long way to go as Senator you are forgetting that the people elected the President and the people are YOUR EMPLOYER
Ben has to be replaced! Never trumper
If you were honest you wld begin by acknowledging how many ppl Obamacare added to the ranks of the insured.
RICH coming from a senate that LIED for 7 years...
Just because trump promised something he knew nothing about is no reason to blindly vote on it without a replacement. Get a better plan!
Don't know much about health care.But can U please explain me in simple words the differences between ObamaCare & the new1 & How it help me?
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891327574806233089 …
Thank you for all you've done, Senator Sasse. IMO, we need new Senate leadership. I will continue to support your efforts for #FullRepeal!
Your decisions continue to disregard the well-being of your constituents. Start doing the right thing, not the Republican thing.
Accept the facts that:  (1) the People do not want a repeal; and (2) the People do not want  h/c to be made unaffordable for vulnerable ppl.
STAND and fight for #FULLREPEALONLY! NO trumpcare or Obamacare! #UnitedforFreedom!
How bout you don't repeal until you've got a functioning bill to take over. Don't screw over people you'll leave in limbo.
Consider the #FederalistParty. It's clear the GOP won't be saved & won't stand 4 their voters. Let us know if u hear us Senator.
Elect me, you said. I have a better plan, you said. Well, where's yr plan, Boyish Grin?  Did the pony eat your homework? 3 yrs, & nothing.
#KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #NoCompromise #UnitedForFreedom
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable
You Rs have a long way to go to get it thru your thick heads what the majority of Americans want - FIX what's wrong with O-care. NOT repeal.
I don't buy your folksy amiable smiling b.s. anymore. You voted YES on all three of McConnell's disastrous "back of the napkin" solutions.
With all due respect,My votes didn't go for the promise of REPEAL but for the PROMISE OF CHEAPER BETTER HEALTHCARE-however U can achieve it
Very disappointed in how you voted.  Don't take healthcare away from Nebraskans.
If GOP had helped w healthcare instead of shutting down President for no reason except their fear of his Black half, it would've been true.
Pls explain to me the virtues of repeal aside fr keeping campaign promise? Who will it help? Will premiums drop? More ppl covered?
Senator, have tried & shown glimpses of having courage to stand up for what's right...you showed it was all a charade with last night's vote
Politicians lie. We're talking about an estimated 16 million Americans losing health insurance. Simply taking it from them is immoral.
Can you provide a link to your bill for replacement?
It's even longer now. So 2 women and a man with brain cancer have more courage than u. Not surprised cuz I lost faith in you a long time ago
It was a shitty bill.
Those people represent a tiny minority of the 315 million Americans affected by the legislation. When will you consider *all* of them?
Skinny repeal vote was an awful process, and a gutless vote.  Promise of repeal didn't get Rs elected.  Politics of grievance did.
Exactly how many Nebraskans voted for you mostly based on repeal of Obamacare? Just want to see numbers.
People who want full repeal before there's a proper replacement can go shit in a hat. That includes you, Sasse.
Grow up and find your inner ethical self and stop with the partisan pandering.
One of Obama's last interviews on future of Obamacare predicted GOP would find it hard to keep their promises.
your votes today were shameful.
Re Republican repeal efforts, your voters deserve to know why GOP did it - for donor class not working class people.
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/obamacare-lives.html …
Lets start with honesty!
ACA required basic level of care so junk plans were cancelled - did not include following
https://ballotpedia.org/Health_insurance_policy_cancellations_since_Obamacare …
The Republican Party is completely useless.  Will never vote for any of you again.  Done with you and your Party.
Please move on & start working with your colleagues to repair the ACA. If you can come up with a better replacement along the way, great.
Fully repealing the ACA was an old battle cry that was no longer the answer to the problem. I am disappointed that you voted for a bad bill.
Don't worry about the failed vote tonight. There will be other chances to keep poor people from obtaining health care.
Senator Sasse, please restore Risk-Corridor pymts to bolster ACA!
You are NOT looking after the health of your constituents. You are only playing politics. Over 20 million will be HURT by your callousness.
Honesty? How's that midnight healthcare push going?
If you vote yes on this bill you have blood on your hands, vote no and come up with a plan that fixes what it not working, NO REPEAL
Please stop backing this terrible & cruel bill. Do what is right for Nebraskans.
#ACA is working for more families than the #healthcare freedom act would. #checktheCBO #shameonyou
Most Americans want to keep and improve the #ACA. Your push to repeal is #Heartless.
Please be a profile in courage and vote against the Skinny Health Bill if you really care about the health of Americans.
Please do not vote 4 bill you know is bad. That is not leadership
So sorry you didn't get to take Healthcare away from millions of Americans today. Poor Ben!
Voting in the dead of night without scrutiny of the bill? Shame on you. I thought that you were about fixing the Senate. EMPTY WORDS.
Vote reveals voters can trust to keep promise.Confirms many In @FloridaGOP @GOP have no core principles only desire to get elected
@SenSasse It's not fear mongering. Pre-ex conditions in high risk pool = unaffordable. No access Cancer treatment.
Is the health of America, our lives, to be voted upon a party line? 
Of all votes, shouldn't our LIVES get #Bipartisan committees &hearings?
Whatever Ben. You'll thumbs up anything they put in front of you that has a (R) on it.
And We The People wait.No longer able to afford insurance on the open market without a government handout. I want my plan and my doctor back
You are right Sasse.... incompetent people like you makes it hard to get things done! Trump is why GOP has house & senate!

Please don't take health care away from poor people.  Please don't let the President tweet about military policy without consulting.
You R's really hang your hat on that "you can keep your plan" statement; I guess you've never heard of unintended consequences
...most, if not all, of those plans were worthless, high deductible plans that you R's are complaining about now
...yeah, you R's were elected while screaming "repeal Obamacare", because of the irrational & ignorant hatred of Obama
Most Americans, especially those who BENEFIT from ACA no longer want it repealed
You R's are like lemmings heading for the cliff
There's nothing honest about politics...sad and frustrating.  On a positive note...loving your book!
Senator Sasse I like my plan and was able to keep my doctor. Please note thousands of Americans like and thrive off Obama Care!
How are we as Republicans working any different than Dems by locking them out of the discussion, I am disaponited and disgusted!
Well that's fucking bullshit.
Please invite Democrats to the table to FIX the ACA.
The notion that there has to be a REPEAL is like a playground pissing match.  FIX IT, quit wasting tax payer dollars. ACA, not all bad
We elected a man presumed to have the character to think, to listen, and to lead. What we seem to have instead is a parrot of talking points
#PresidencyIsntABull, huh?
President Trump promised better, cheaper care for EVERYONE! How's that promise coming along???
Is not depriving 22 Million Americans of healthcare a disappointment to you?
Please stop grandstanding on ridiculous topics like recess appts...just do your job and pass the agenda you were elected for
Maybe if you came up with a plan that didn't give tax breaks to the wealthy while gutting Medicaid, you'd get somewhere.
Great speech today. More dem who cares than a republican. I will follow you. Thanks for your logic.
Heller, Moore Capito, McCain, Alexander, Murkowski, Portman, Collins hold outs. Let them know they need to keep their promise.  Vote out
No one is talking about GMO products approved by government which kills causing medical needs
Ben please do not vote on any GOP proposal until you can present what's in it and get feedback from Nebraska residents opinions on it
@SenatorFischer #VoteThemOut  2018 #bendingoverfortrump
The no votes need to be voted out!
We were promised repeal and replace-not just repeal.  Taking away healthcare from our most vulnerable citizens denies Mathew 25:40. #Hell
Just stop Ben.  You promised full repeal and replacement with something way better.  Remember?  You're turning into one of them.  Sad.
Why don't you quit playing politics and give your policy specifics. Oh wait, GOP had 7 years with Zero to show
As much as I like and respect you, you're way off on this. Show America a better plan, then you can repeal. It's just common sense, Ben!
Run for president
as a Dem who finds you to be an interesting candidate I wonder what kind of healthcare program you support? Not interested in just repeal
Read below. Are you even listening?
How about repeal and return healthcare to the free market. Competition will compel better care and lower costs.
Gov should not be in healthcare, but thousands now depend on it. If "repeal and delay" happens, do they still have coverage?
Spend less time in front of media and more time solving problems.  A Nebraska saying for you: All hat, no cattle.
the bogus claim that you are looking out for your constituents rather than billionaires is the only whopper I'm focused on
It may be a disappointment to them, but let's take into account said voters' ignorance re ACA. R&R will hurt them most.
No one cares whether you repeal or not. They care about having better healthcare. You promised both, but only seem interested in the one.
How will you create a bill in one week that impacts MILLIONS of families?
It was a disappointment for everyone. The bill does nothing to fix healthcare issues.
I heard rumor that President think health insurance rates are around $15-20. Did he get Medicaid assistance or Union rate in the 1990's?
"The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that you've got it made" Groucho Marx
Repeat the first part of that quote Sasse
The majority of Americans did not vote to repeal.  The electoral college 'voted' the repeal. Or did it simply vote for 'jobs'?
Stop calling these 'entitlement' programs when 'we the people' have paid into them. Same as we pay insurance or pensions.
NE opted out of the ACA Medicaid (they pay into) expansion. NE people lost out on the extra $$ to help support its people and facilities.
Be honest with constituents. People pay into Medicaid. It is govt backed insurance that people paid into--to help them if times got tough...
Government does not belong in healthcare. I fully support you sir. Thank you for following your conscience.
This isn't a "disappointment" Ben. This is an absolute betrayal. We will never forget this. #VoteThemOut #GOPLiars
Especially "honesty"
"Cantor comes clean, admits he didn't believe his own ACA rhetoric" Another "honest" politician, huh?
Ben....  Republican & honesty ... oxymoron
How bout real reform instead?  Things I've heard you talk about that are nowhere to be found in Ryan/McConnell's travesty of a HC plan. Hmm?
Is "keeping a promise" more important than protecting your state and constituents?  GOP plans will devastate health care in Nebraska.
The dishonesty was in the original repeal vote, not so much this one.  What is great politics once often doesn't make great policy.
Even a 'skinny' repeal would take health coverage from 16 million....and Nebraska would be hard hit. Who exactly are you representing again?
Respectfully a promise for repeal is an empty and vile promise when you have no quality replace. GOP has wrong idea with privitization
YOU are better than #trumpcare. YOU don't have to vote along party lines to save face here.  Be the next real deal, @SenSasse.
In case you hadn't heard, we the people don't want the federal government involved in healthcare or insurance. #overreach Reaching is a foul
Please take your time and do it right. You have the health of all NE in your hands.Please think of how the bill will impact all of us.
Repealing helps noone. No replacement yet offered helps more than a few. No major health or patient advocacy group supports any GOP plan
I am shocked at your shortsightedness on healthcare when you are so intelligent on many other matters.
And in representing "we the people " and working across party lines
Where the hell is your new plan? You've had seven years to work on it. You're supposed to be the hard-working midwestern Yalie.
If far Left and Far Right are unhappy with Bill, it will be the one that helps the most.
7 years to layout a real replacement.  Do as @SenJohnMcCain said fix/replace in regular order. Behind closed doors is NOT the answer.
Repeal without IMPROVEMENT is a train wreck n is reckless.it will have catastrophic impact on coverages and cost. 
We need bi-partisan bill
You are so right.  Voters have overwhelmingly rejected Democrat lies and doublespeak.  Republicans have proven themselves of the same cloth
Glad to see you're getting it done quickly, and looking out for things in the long term, Senator! It's just my health care!
Ben, you ran on "If Obamacare lives, America as we know it will die." 

But instead of a healthcare bill, you wrote a parenting book.

#GOP is done.
I'm am so sick of this "if u like your plan " I have had the same insurance policy for 13 years. I liked my plan I still have my plan. Stop
Tired of posturing. Want to talk disappointment? You had 7 years to come up with a replacement & failed on every front. Take a seat.
Stop acting like every vote a R got was in favor of a full repeal. Ppl care about multiple issues and may vote R IN SPITE of repeal promises
Thank you, sir!  
The honesty card? OMG, you can't be serious. You-like so many other Senators-sold your soul to the billionaire boys club. No 2nd term for u
Ben, don't cancel your car or house ins. without another policy in place. Good idea, don't you think? Same thing.
Here's some honesty: Repealing ACA puts cancer survivors like me at risk of losing healthcare. Your desire to do that is shameful
Reading your book at the moment! Take a look at Medicare Australia!
"Every Senator" who voted "No" should be challenged & held accountable for  "broking a long-termed promise to the voters!" #DrainTheSwamp!
You and your colleague @SenatorFischer should be banned from Nebraska indefinitely. Neither of you is willing to stand up for what's right.
I like you, and I don't like many R reps. But please explain why a full repeal is ok. SO many people have been helped by the ACA.
We were promised repeal and replace with something better. Haven't seen anything better. This constituent is so disappointed in your vote.
You are disgusting!!the only reason GOP wants this replaced is Obama - that's truly the main reason!!
.@BenSasse
just what the neck is wrong with your eyes and ears??!!
repeal and replace is a trump pipe dream to discredit Obama. That's what HE wants. Your there to do what the people want!
Incase you haven't been listening NOBODY WANTS REPEAL AND REPLACE!! WE WANT ACA FIXED WITH NO TAX BRKS FOR THE RICH!!!
Your lectures on honesty are nauseating
Wait... I take that back. Nausea is probably a preexisting condition now
What is a disappointment is yr failure 2 consider effects of yr votes on hlthcare of millions. More important than keeping foolish promise.
Why don't you also listen to experts in healthcare?  U sld also be "honest" about the pressure from donors re: tax brks
Thought you were that rare principled/practical R. left in Senate. Now just another sold soul. Your ego will justify-but no coming back.Sad.
You tout an outdated campaign promise to justify heartless votes. Promise included good replacement, yes? Needs evolve, man! Be responsive.
People may have been promised full repeal but I'm curious, how many of your constituents want full repeal?
Quit with the criticism and work on developing solutions. That's what your job should be. If you can't do it, you're gone.
I'm counting on the young leaders of this Senate to get radical.  Think outside the box.  Insurance companies need to step up.
