Great day if you're a corporation, not so much if you're just a regular person.
This needs to be seen by all you people whining about how you don't like Gorsuch's political preferences. You don't understand court's role.
You are such a good teacher, Sen. Sasse.  It is always a pleasure to listen to you and I always learn something.
You stand for your country over party?  Will you take  your oath seriously enough to stand with us loud and proud?  Time will tell if
Did Carrie Severino & her organization buy the robe to or just Gorsuch?
Lovely soliloquy @SenSasse . Do you hear the majority screaming about the coup thrown on our soil? U seem as if you take duty honor country
I voted for Trump for this reason.  It all comes down to baby killing and being fair to the American people.  Gorsuch is perfect for the job
It's embarrassing for you to imagine a nuclear appointment to SCOTUS as a victory for "rule of law." This was primitive—not even Salic.
Yeah, whatever, you fool
outstanding Sen Sasse! Your speech needs to be shown in every school. I wish your colleagues had the wisdom and foresight that you have!
This is not a victory. The GOP will suffer for this.
Really by by next election day
Well you didn't vote for @realDonaldTrump remember your open letter, So in affect u voted for Clinton you think Gorsuch would be on the bench with Clinton. You are a traitor. You will obviously be primariesd in Nebraska and u are the next Jeff Flake u will resign obviously,
Youre as disgusted and embarrassed as we are. We r the laughingstock of the world.
Congratulations for your role is the historical abrogation of justice. You disingenuous hack.
you're a phony.
Sasse is the epitome of a fraud. A complete DC insider who worked for W, Fortenberry & Romney and pretends to be humble yes mam DC outsider
...but a horrible day for our Republic, when a political party Steals a President's Constitutional right to appoint a SCOTUS nominee. Shame!
Bad news: you are another worthless RINO.
You voted to cede power of the Senate to an asswipe with 34% support .. if we have a history to judge you in the future  it will be harsh.
seriously. Treason, high treason is being committed.  Do you have the strength of character you so professionally ellocuted about? Will
Saw you on the back page of the New York Times magazine today answering those softball questions
How is destroying the senate goid fir the rule of law? How is the disrespect you show Merrick Garland good for this country?
I'm so disgusted that you all broke the rules. I hope all of you do not get reelected.  You don't change the rules for your benefit.
After circumventing the rule of law to get him on the bench.
What a joke. You put party over country politicizing the Supreme Court. Way to congratulate yourself on finding a workaround for democracy.
Not good for minority's and women
Gorsuch is qualified but so was Garland. Shame on you and your party. President is under investigation and you don't care.
Complicit! Sad!
made some fine args about restraining exec power I’m sure he was opposed to Trump bombing Syria without congressional appr-oh dear
Good news for the rule of law: Today, Judge Gorsuch takes his black robe to #SCOTUS. #Confirmed http://bit.ly/2pa8Pbn  
For the rule of Grand Constitutional Larceny. Justice Gorsuch* now and forever.
So happy for Justice Gorsuch and America!  Way to go, Congress!
You should read Mitch McConnell the man who broke America by Dana Milbank in the Wash Post. Short and tragic
Boo!
You & your GOP colleagues treated Merrick Garland with disrespect. You should all be ashamed of yourselves. This SCOTUS seat is stolen.
I totally agree. Thanks for your vote.
Disgraceful that you destroyed democracy to get a judge!!!!!!
Sad sad day! Lost what little respect I had for my party today.
.@SenSasse #SCOTUS  This Nebraska voter is very disappointed in your actions and words on this issue. Change nominee not rules
You changed the rules, perverted the Senate, and forced a Justice down our throats after refusing to bring a nominee to a vote for a year.
Be prepared to fight hard for your seat.
Dear Sen Sasse, I find this abhorrent. If you don't like the laws, rewrite them? Nebraskans will find a way to keep you from rewriting laws.
So, you happy that you re-wrote the law so you could proclaim good news for the rule of law...
if the senate had followed the "rule of law" as you call it, then @SenateDems @SenateGOP would have given Garland a vote.
rule of law, or change the rules to get what you want?
Where were you when obama nominated Garland? Apparently integrity in politics is gone.
Now that Repubs have change the rule of law.
Interesting!  What does Jeff Sessions' white robe tell us?
No, NOT good news for all of us
Perhaps for the law but not for the Senate.Sadly, the advise and consent process has been subverted as well as the integrity of the leader.
I'm thinking I need to move to Nebraska ( I live in MD) A Senator who knows his job and puts the will of the people 1st.
I'm sure he'll be a fine justice....just never should have been up for confirmation. Best of luck to GOP in future elections.
That nuclear option will come back to bite republicans in the ass.
Way to tow that line, Ben. Don't worry about your constituents. We'll have to find someone that will listen to us.
.@SenSasse What about the rule of law that you and your cronies ignored to prevent Merrick Garland from even having a hearing?
Bad news for democracy! If ya' ain't Republican ya' got no voice. @SenatorFischer
you should've done the right thing and opposed Gorsuch until Garland was put on the court.
cheater! Voters will remember that you cheated!
sir, the Court's moral credibility is lesser, but the power play worked. So congrats on that I guess.
Hypocrite. What about the 8 month, no hearing, no decency GOP pulled with Garland?
don't congratulate us on appt to seat you helped hold hostage. You've got no high ground here, moral or otherwise.
rule of law?? WHAT rule of law? The one you dismissed and changed to get your way?
How is it good news for anyone that you are all so incapable of working together?
And that seals ur fate next election. Can't win fairly? Change the rules. How do you explain that behavior to your children?  Ur done in NE
How is being rewarded with theft and breaking the Senate good?
Gorsuch is qualified, but so was Garland. You let down America and democracy by blocking even a hearing on Garland but confirming Gorsuch.
You and your cronies wouldn't even meet with garland and your gonna take about traditions and rules of law....
Pretend all you want to. #garland
No it's bad news for America, Senator.
Congratulations. Loyalty to party rather than principles. Like you ever had any. You need to be removed at the next election. #countonit
You abdicated your responsibility by denying Garland, now you're patting your back for changing the rules for Gorsuch. Go back to NE, clown.
Republicans violated societal and democratic norms, and the constitution, and you call it a good day for the rule of law. #Hypocrite #Shame
Good news for the rule of law??  You mean after @SenateGOP bent the rules to their liking?
@SenSasse @BenSasse The seat is now filled. I hope that He fulfills his duties to constitution & US citizens thoughtfully, without bias.
@BenSasse Next time, Merrick Garland should be selected as way of rebuilding civility. But, @SenSasse, I doubt that is in the @GOP agenda.
You two look a lot alike.
Of course, you are much younger.
The rule of law? Your party CHANGED the law to get your way; your party IGNORED the law last year to get your way...#notmySenator
Good news? Shortsighted.
Don't pat yourself on the back for this one, sir. This was shameful.
This was a travesty of our political system. You chose party over country and 'nuked' everyone who had respect for our constitution.
And the regular Americans are screwed! Again!
Gorsuch's tone-deaf interpretation of statute in his "frozen trucker" dissent should give Senators of both parties pause.
Thank you senator Sasse for voting for Judge Gorsuch for #SCOTUS
Still, no explanation of all the political promotional money spent advertising for Gorsuch.  Where did the money come from and why?
Looked who paid for the adds. Funded by Wellspring committe. Dark money, prob Koch Bros
Bad news for America. Judge appointed while @potus under investigation for collusion with Russia confirmed by Rs who changed the rules.
Congrats You and your party have stolen a seat on SCOTUS. He is a lunatic. Corporation have a religion is beyond crazy
At least you're happy. Guess we're gonna get schooled on textualism & orginalism. Too bad that the #FoundingFathers aren't around to ask. 
#SadDayinHell @SenateGOP could have #DelayedGorsuchVote until  #investigation.  president is under criminal Investigation. What was hurry?
I hope he enjoys forever being known as an illegitimate SCOTUS seat #StolenSeat #HistoryWillJudge
Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution. Your betrayal of THE PEOPLE will be remembered. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Your mom called, she said your part needs to be straighter. Tsk tsk, these young rapscallions and their maddening coiffures
Thank you, Senator for your vote
YES! THANK YOU! Ending the liberal barrage on the Supreme Court. Real conservatives win for America!
Wouldn't it be great if we you and I could fine common ground?
Everyone will be on common ground once America is GREAT again!
Apparently there is no room for liberals in your GREAT world. You miss so much.
It is proven that liberals will do whatever they need to undermine democracy and try to push socialist agendas that make EVERYONE lose.
So undermining Democracy and pushing a Conservative agenda means everyone wins? Do you actually know any liberals?
I try my best not to associate with any.
That's heartbreaking because if you don't know them personally how do you really know what they are like?
4TH REQUEST for comment on Gorsuch plagiarizing others' works and using them in his book for financial gain. That's illegal, senator
You are being way too nice today. :)
Good news would have been democrats confirming instead of throwing a continual tantrum over Garland. Good pick - right result - bad politics
Good news would have been Garland getting confirmed instead of Rs stonewalling to steal his seat. Tell me why he didn't deserve a hearing??
I didn't say he did not deserve a hearing - both things can be correct at the same time. Pity party aside.
Alright, tell me why he didn't get a hearing, without making every R senator look like a compete jackass. Their "pity party" was deserved.
I know why they didn't do it. I said I didn't approve of it. I'm not a republican nor a senator so I will posit no more.
if a party holds the Senate can they refuse to give a SC nominee a vote for 4 years?
I don't know how you sleep at night.
My guess is in a bed, probably lies down.
Yeah, he seems to lie down on a lot of things.
