Will you ever discuss how a vote for DeVos would be directly ignoring your NE constituents' wishes? #DumpDeVos
I'm not 100% sure it would be. Opponents have been the loudest, but silent support from majority?
I think you can only say that when the people actually vote. For cabinet silent = no support
There has been tons of support for DeVos; Millions of parents begging for her & for choice.
that may be, but you can't have silent support of cab. Nom. R's voting against her is telling
I think there's been plenty of vocal support for DeVos it's just not represented in the media.
The vocal opposition to DeVos is in great part the teachers' union & they're problem in ed system.
I think the VAST opposition is just anti-Trump. They protest to protest. Get talking points later.
I only have 1 problem with your interview. For 35 years, the government has taken MY money in the name of SS. Not an entitlement
The problem has manifested for long. Where should the new cutoff be? Under 50? Under 55? Under 40? I'm not sure.
Rich, I don't know. They could do what they want, I just want a refund check! I earned my money, I'd like it back 
I'm only 35, so I don't know either. I do know I put less into retirement than SS and it will be worth FAR more.
And by the way Rich, thanks for making me feel old !
All good. I use my age as perspective,  because you have been working for as long as I have lived. I'm not sure I can speak
Of course you can/ should! Learn though- put as much into your own fund as possible!
Same for Judge Garland.
totally agree and well done on ABC This Week. Represented NE well...now if you and @SenatorFischer will address DeVos debacle....
She really does need to be the sacrificial lamb.
Understand your point of view but not fan of "sac lambs".4 me it's all about competence or lack thereof
Oh I think she is grossly unqualified. But does the Adkin really want to fight over her?
Great question and based on committee performance I wouldn't.
what level of incompetence is required for you to put country over party? DeVos confirmation is ridiculous!
We will not forget your vote for DeVos. #SasseOut
Merrick Garland. #StolenSeat
Gorsuch is totally qualified. Problem is it is Garland's seat. McConnell failed to uphold his Constitutional duty.
just saw u say u coukdnt tell his views by reading his legal briefs. WOW! did u read them in english??
Lawyers a law unto themselves here in CA. They legalized malpractice so can cheat, betray clients.
All crooks. Can U support the petition? Do not feel obligated. Not everyone comfortable with petitions. CA residency not req'd.
Do you affirm that you that the seat was stolen? Vote him out!
not a rock star. U stole the seat. Y didn't u vote for merrick garland. Unfair.
Name one "rockstar" from the other side of the political spectrum that you'd be excited about as a nominee
did you see Hilliarys answer in the debates about type of judge she wld nominate? Outcome based judiciary. No rockstars there.
judges are to adjudicate not seek outcomes by acting as legislators.
@ofpeopl Outstanding interview...  Nicely done, Senator...
Stephnopalus is a POS! I wonder what the show on the state ment disparaging Trump will play out! Makes sense
how about corp welfare amounts to more than ss. Vote against trump otherwise ur a hypocrite.
when/ if Trump gets his first rightful opening on the court, you will find much less opposition to the appointment of Gorsuch
Great job with Neil Cavuto this afternoon!
no, he'snot slightest bit a rock star. He's soulless, as are you
He might be in trouble now, that he is disagreeing with your esteemed leaders tweets about the judiciary.
can't be serious. This is a major idealogue. Must suspend disbelief to think otherwise. More corporate power. Rights apply to pepl
next time u see the judge ask him about the lies he told about providing pro bono services. #angryvoter
And Garland?
you're a little obsessed with this guy. you've been on every network except ESPN stumping for Gorsuch. It should be Garland's seat
how does one forget about the rockstar Garland? Do we ignore this?
@amitabhchandra2 Great. He'd make a good nominee after Merrick Garland is appointed.
as your people like to say " Elections have consequences "
Why yes, they do. Barack Obama won one in 2012 that gave him ability to name Scalia's appointment.
he was unqualified, simple as that.
Evan is stiff-necked jack-asa all in it for his political gain over being principled.
cautiously optimistic about this one...
He is terrible,
. @SenSasse Trump is scared to criticize Putin & the world knows. When are Republican Senators going to protect us?
Lol you are dangerously misinformed. David duke just cheered sessions. That should prove our point
@BenSasse he'll be bought and paid for by trump & the GOP.  Zero trust.
I remember Obama nominated someone in a presidential election year, something Biden argued against.
look up "checks and balances" to start.
Merrick Garland is a rock star too.  Didn't get a hearing or a vote.  Senate did not fulfill their obligation to constitution.
the republicans have issues with garland's views on guns
Merrick Garland
@BenSasse bs.  My right to die if incapacitated is none of his business
hypocrite. Trump has no moral leadership. U have to show him he's not impotent. Vote where ur talk is. Ur just a scared republican
talk is cheap. U do nothing to help us. Syrians are vetted and haven't been terrorists  talk talk but u vote 4 trump. Hypocrite.
talk is cheap while a white racist is in the wh & unqualified people sit in cabinet with your vote. Hypocrite. Vote against them
You claim to be "conservative but not partisan". Then surely you must vote no on Devos, the least qualified Cabinet nominee ever.
Dear Senator, as qualified as JudgeGorsuch is, surely you can see the opposite with #BetsyDeVos Pls VoteNo https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Profiles_in_Courage …
We were excited about Judge Garland .. Republicans spit on his robe ...
YOU are the rockstar, as far as I can see... People like you are why I personally oppose term limits! :-D
go vote no on Devos for our kids
a rockstar who has potentially misrepresented himself
@BenSasse , he may be a rock star. DeVos is not. Please be the independent thinker that you are. Sorry to get political on private
trying to make issue of "so called judge' comment,but where were you with "illegitimate President" comments?

Never heard you once
Agree, he's talented. So was Merrick Garland. #resist !
America needs you to show your strength & conscience.  NO TO DeVos PLEASE.  Your no vote would speak volumes to "we the people."
@SenToomey America needs you to stand up & vote NO to DeVos! Your constituents and "we the people" Need you to do the right thing.  Please.
Nice job @SenSasse
Concerned about Hobby Lobby decision women, not their employers, should make health care decisions.  Corporations are not people.
I agree. So was Garland, though, and that's a little hard to get past. Yanno?
You must be out of your mind? or just plain against #womensrights and #climatefacts which means against #humanity
America is begging   No to DeVos
@BenSasse
@BenSasse
@BenSasse It's difficult to get excited when this is a stolen seat.
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
@BenSasse good interview. Confusion w/ Trump. Case by case basis. All very sensible. HOW ABOUT THIS CASE? http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/317975-the-ethics-case-against-betsy-devos …
@BenSasse so was Merrick Garland. Did u meet with him?
Good interview - thanks for reminding people how the three branches and civil discourse are supposed to work.
@BenSasse Unfortunately some folks want the Judge to legislate!
@VetsAgnstTrump  listen to this mind blowing article about Trump and his extended FILTH http://ianmasters.com !
@BenSasse Merrick Garland
UR welcome to join the right side of history anytime. Continue 2B brave in the light of the crazy darkness trump has brought to US
I agree w/everything you said. I applaud @POTUS on Mattis,Kelly,Gorsuch, but oppose #Putin & any attacks on #USConstitution >
Judge Merrick Garland is also a rockstar.
@BenSasse  Filibuster Gorsuch
So was Merrick Garland, and you never entertained him
@MeosoFunny All things Donald are suspect and tainted at this point. Disgusted with the hypocrisy.
@BenSasse I'm excited about Merrick Garland, a moderate, highly qualified judge. Let's have his hearing and vote first.
@DennyBurk how can a real Christian be an American Exceptionalist? Theres a missing piece, blessings and judgement
he's a solid nomination but it doesn't change the fact you are rubber stamping every Trump nominee through W/out concern
@BenSasse you really can't admit the hypocrisy here?
@BenSasse so was Merrick Garland....racist GOP daddy McConnell wants to forget a black man was ever there. Good luck.
cool, but what do you think about judge garland?
Senator Sasse really refutes Georges attempt to spin the interview to the left viewpoint. He really shut George down.
@BenSasse Why would congressional Dems  fear anyone that looks to ensure the laws they enact for the people are followed to a T
really? Why didn't you at least have a vote on Garland? You are out of touch with NE...and will be gone by 2018#getoutcoward
Only legit SCOTUS nominee is Merrick Garland. You & other Repub Senaters violated US Constitution by not advising & consenting.
If the GOP hadn't behaved so badly over the last year, we wouldn't be in this partisan predicament now. Blame @SenateMajLdr. I do.
8 years of "reconciliation" w/ Democrats gave us this scandal: crooked SOS, crooked congressmen, & judges
http://www.breitbart.com/california/2017/02/05/california-state-senate-leader-family-illegal-false-documents-deportation/ …
 Hi, yes, hello - female human being here. Can tell you I'm definitely not excited about Gorsuch. 
wow, a fundamental tenet of constitution and law means nothing.   R have not given lawful explanation for decline of O's pick.
So is Merrick Garland. When is his hearing?
you've got a bigmouth talking about Trump & judge comments. Where were you when Obama was shredding our constitution-mute no balls
What about DeVos? Is she a rockstar, too? I called your office to see how you intend to vote & was told it's not public. Why?
please consider reading his decisions regarding those with disabilities.
you seem like a sensible and fair man. Do what's right for your kids and mine and please Vote no to Devos

You were Awesome. I would like to introduce myself but not over Twitter.  Best contact e_steinn@bellsouth.net. Subj Inside the VA!
I just watched your interview on This Week. Sane, cogent, political thought, has no place in American politics!  ;-)
"the greatest freedom-loving nation in the history of the world" the sheer ignorant arrogance. You are no different than Trump.
And that is BS on his ruling for his religious rulings. He's going beyond the constitution and ignoring it.
"the greatest freedom-loving nation in the history of the world" So no one in democratic free nations love freedom like us?
Of course Sasse loves him, he'll tear down separation of church and state and let bigots like himself discriminate.
I'm a democrat but I trust your opinion, you should run for president in 2020
.@SenSasse Articulate and on point. You are a rock star.
but if Nebraskans overwhelmingly oppose him like Devos, will you and @SenatorFischer vote against him?  Or bow to party lines?
Thank you for putting country before party

You are definitely my favorite senator - however low that bar might be.
ur a smug arrogant gov leach who never held a real job. remember this page-unprotector ben? http://www.omaha.com/news/politics/delegates-at-nebraska-gop-convention-smack-down-ben-sasse-s/article_81ab22b0-19ef-11e6-8d8d-93e8a7154d6a.html …
 @djvanness @evanhubbard40 MG was a decent nominee but it's majority prerogative 2take it up or not. Hypocrisy  fuels division
my point exactly. My only gripe was with the gun issue, would be fine with him if not for that.
a great interview by a great and eloquent Nebraskan! Future POTUS for sure!
@josh_hammer Maybe it would be better if you said he was a constitutional originalist. Rockstar is a celebrity.
I particularly appreciated your comments on Russia - moral equivalency. Thank you.
Thank you  for speaking out on behalf of our real judges. Seems you may care about the constitution. Noted. 
can't get excited about a judge a corporation can use religion to deny employees equal protection of the law
You're so right about the importance of respect for the separation of powers, but then tow the line about this stolen SCOTUS seat.
Betsy DeVos far from rockstar. NOT QUALIFIED to lead Dept. of Ed. Two @GOP senators have courage, do you?
Just because people are living longer doesn't necessarily means they can work longer.
2/and not as they wish it to be. They believe the US belongs only to them and that conservatives are illegals!
@johncardillo and if any questions his decisions, under liberal standards: is creating a constitutional crisis
1/Liberals are going to screech, scream, riot and protest because this man interprets the Constitution as written...
Homerun Ben Sasse!
except that he was picked because of his anti-choice rulings. So maybe not?
I thought your appearance today was very interesting. I kind of wish you would have run. Keep his feet to the fire.
Disagree w/some things you said - but as a Democrat, I really appreciated your sane views. TY for standing up for the US! 
He's considered to be more conservative than all but one sitting Justice, oh and #stolenseat
I'm a REAL NE voter! Not a robot. Your support of Gorsuch is HOLLOW if you don't ever appose anyone @realDonaldTrump nominates.
SO show us where you have apposed @realDonaldTrump! It appears you are Yes manning everything! VOTE NO ON DEVOSS!! NePS need you!
better than you who doesn't listen to his constituency. Do your job for Nebraska. Say NO to DeVos!
excellent straight talk today really appreciate it! I clearly can see you are for the country and not for a party!!!
he is also a Fascist
.@SenSasse Thank you for being a thoughtful, serious, independent senator -- a Democrat watching This Week 2/5
you just can't wait to get your mits on ss, medicaid, medicare. Ppl put in 4 yrs. Ur a horrible man!
This is going to prove problematic for him. Not sure how one can chalk up fascist ideology to youthful indiscretion.
So pleased to hear your thoughts this morning. I respect your opinions clearly stated. I'm a liberal but appreciate your honesty.
Thank you for nudging Trump toward a Civics 101 refresher.
look. He is esteemed in many ways but why is it a judge who is pretty solidly conservative, far right, is not "activist"?
His decisions do speak for themselves: Hobby Lobby. 'Nuff said. #resist
Wow, I'm a Dem but it was so refreshing to hear your views
No on DeVos
a stolen seat #RememberMerrick
saw you adamantly defend our nation against the pres comments comparing us 2 russia. great speach. YET U SUPPORT THE GUY?!?!?!?
oops, and then you said this ... 
great job on this week today. Good to hear a moderate, common sense republican that will call out the president when needed.
will the DEMS filibuster? #MAGA
I can only explain your excitement as honest relief that @realDonaldTrump didn't choose a reality tv host for scotus.
thank you for your candor this morning!  Refreshing to see a politician speaking passionately and rationally at the same time.
loved everything you had to say with George today
Good interview, Ben!
before you increase the Medicare age you need to first have plan to employ people in their 60s.
Wow! That's actually a logical concern.
where was your wisdom during Obama years? I would have respected you if you had spoken up then.
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRIC GARLAND MERRIC GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRIC GARLAND MERRIC GARLAND
so corporations have religious sensibilities. Really!!  Sounds like Theocracy to me
during campaign GOP senators "if Hillary wins keep seat open for 4 yrs  New reality only Rep. POTUS can pick Justices for SCOTUS
Well done senator.  I for one am proud to have you represent our great state.  Keep up the good work!
Maybe Gorsuch is a "so called" judge and not a real one. Maybe Merrick Garland is a "so called judge" too?
We hope that is true. DeVos, on the other hand!!! Please vote no. Watching from Gering, NE!!
I think even MSNBC might like this guy.  He brings more of what this country needs.
Typical politician. Fine with ignoring the constitution when it meets your needs with Garland.
and what about DeVos? Is she a rock star too?  How can we take you seriously about Gorsuch Mr. Senator if you confirm DeVos?
@POTUS @SenSasse @SenateGOP @SenRubioPress @ABC  I like you. If only Congress is more like you America will be blessed! Thx!
big fan of yours but Merrick Garland was also a rockstar. You blocked him from even getting a hearing, never mind a vote
@POTUS @SenSasse @SenateGOP @SenRubioPress @ABC  Absolutely agree but DeVos should withdraw after revealing her incompetence.
Get all your fellow Senators together and give them a lesson in reasonable thought.
sorry I meant to direct my comment to @GeorgeStephanopolis  but we still need @USTermLimits
Are you really this ignorant? Another reason we need @USTermLimits
We shouldn't really expect honest Journalism from George Snuffleupagus
This shouldn't even be a conversation. Merrick Garland should have had that spot.
Very impressed with your interview this morning..refreshing!
Bravo Ben!  It's a relief to see balanced, thoughtful, intelligent responses to tough questions.  No dodge or deflection!  Truth
Could not agree more with your points -not only on Gorsuch, but on not taking an all or nothing approach to supporting candidates.
don't know about the rock star title for the nominee, but great interview.  You impressed this Democrat.
facts from the Congressional Budget Office & how repealing impacts the deficit. Justify your argument & expand on this? Thanks
Great debate !  @zach_ac
You seem educated and well-qualified for your job. Please vote NO on DeVos, she is not qualified. #DumpDevos


that is really stupid ,we need a judge not a #rockstar
Excellent interview. I don't agree with all your views but appreciate your common sense, non-hyperbolic approach.
Medicare is NOT an "entitlement".We fund it.Defense spending is the big bite.#STOPIT
true. Garland was also. Your crew yelled NO for 10 months.
nope
Great interview on This Week! You should consider a national run as an independent you earned my respect this morning
@a_ause2 @SenSasse my exact sentiments as a Democratic, we need realness
Except for his early leaning toward "fascism"  that seems to have followed him into middle age
He'll be a wonderful nominee when it's the GOP's turn to nominate a justice. Hopefully never.
.@paulfesta as Obama once said, elections have consequences. So does 8 years of him wiping his ass with the Constitution.  @SenSasse
:well, I agree with 90% of what you said.Trump is just leaving a negotiation door open with Putin.Get it?
your ripping apart of @realDonaldTrump as a Russian sympathizer was right on.
you are the real rockstar!
