You lie when confronted with facts about your comments ref ACA.
When will you put dishonesty as official policy in GOP platform? 
#GOPcrimes
Wray has Russia ties but GOP seems to favor that Will Wray pledge his total loyalty to Trump The FBI will now be ran by the WH
Will you check his background regarding connection to Russians?
No.
His law firm advises Trump's trust, which holds Trump's business assets. @OfficeGovEthics can you say "conflict of interest"?
The Senator is very upset at POTUS today.  He really is a patriot who stands up to Caligula on Twitter.  Very brave, Senator.  #eyeroll
When will SOMEONE stop POTUS?  He's lied, cheated r systems & continues 2 profit from the WH!  Will SOMEONE do their job?
I listened to your question asking Mr. Wray to run to you and tattle if the President (his boss's boss) does something he doesn't like???!!!

Please press the GOP to pursue charges against Comey,Hillary,Rice and Obama as the MAJORITY Your Job isRESTORE LAW BY DOING WHAT IS RIGHT
How will he restore public trust when he scrubbed his bio of Russian ties & has prof ties 2 Trump? U just negated the premise of ur book!
Did you by chance do the same with now disgraced Comey?
Aren't you supposed to be the new GOP maverick?
The idea that someone subscribes to GOP values and writes of young people is scary. You must endorse grabbing women's crotches.
Looking for your statement re: Mr. #Trump's politically-motivated firing of #Comey and on-record admission to violation of 18 USC 1505.
I wish that Trump and GOP are cursed for allowing him to steal, sell and destroy America. May Karma be swift.
Where's your outrage over GOP again creating new rules to push healthcare through?  Have any of you integrity or honorable behavior?
Hold the line Ben!  Stop the insanity there in every way! Back to conservatism! #UnitedWithFreedom!
Conservatism is the Opposite of Freedom. It's denying freedom to the majority of Americans. #realnews
Maybe impeaching the corrupt POTUS,providing hlthcare & tax cuts to those in need would restore trust in Government...seems obvious to me
your party had **SIX YEARS** to have a replacement plan ready. If you had proven market based solution it wld exist in a red state
Heard u on NPR yesterday. Was nodding in agreement 'til you lied through ur teeth about "arguably worst" statement. Just another lying pol.
Don't you think you should have sat down first and done a real interview before giving assessment?
This is NOT OK. Medical Care is not a partisan issue, it is a #HumanRights issue. @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #wethepeople #createdequal
Cassidy had a meeting today w/:
-Blue Cross Blue Shield
-Council for Affordable Health Coverage
-Collins Daines Gardner Heller Hoeven Tillis
Would you like me to send you a copy of the Constitution? I don't care for Democrats' politics, but they know how to stick together
This proves that president Trump picks the right people to do the best job for the US. Wray will be a great FBI Director.
You might also want to sit down and ask why his law firm is cock-holstering for Russian Mobsters and Kremlin sycophants.
We had commitment and trust with Comey.
Medicare 4 all is only way people making less than $100k p/yr can afford healthcare. And that's80% of Americans.
Question for AG Sessions:Why did he leave Comey alone w. Pres trump? Sessions knows it's not kosher & as Comey's boss was his job to step in
But he also has ties to Russians his firm represents two of the big oil companies owned by Russians, influencing the investigation?
Check into his Russian connections
Y would u not allow discussion over Trumpcare? McConnell spent 8 yrs obstructing and you're rt there w/him. How's that representing us?
Ben! YOU can be our Constitutional conservative Hero!  Stand up, speak out against the current destruction of the USA! #UFF!
#DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundRefugeeResettlement #DefundSanctuaryCities #FullRepeal  #UnitedForFreedom
What only to fund corruption and collusion with foreign enemies? Give me a break.
No word on old boys club pushing thru healthcare that will bankrupt most of ur constituents?
A guy with ties to Russia, what could go wrong?
Good luck tu him Ben
Wray sounds like he's pledged personal loyalty to Trump instead of America .
@SenSasse Vote on healthcare reform with 2days of public notice? Good For Nebraskans? For the record.
love to read your views on the best policies for providing for the mental health needs for the general public. Got a link?
Thoughts on secret healthcare work? Citizens demand adult governance not hidden, boys only rulers.
Don't hide this topic in the Comey/Russia clutter. Too important to Nebraskans lives.
Wray is from Trump's law firm & represented the reprehensible Chris Christie in the Bridgegate scandal! Wray should recuse himself!
Nice...a lawyer who represented Russia! When did the party of Reagan become the party of Putin?
obama says the 1980s called you and want their foreign policy back
We deserve answers!
U r not a patriot but just another partisan hack! Will u put country over party? Hold Coats and Rogers in contempt! They and u, work for us
@BenSasse restoring public trust & some Dems think Sasse isn't a Trump GOP hack. 
I wish you would have done better research on this guy.
When Dems talk abt Russian interference on Barack's watch, while Barack offers them flexibility, why aren't @GOP calling him to testify?
How do you feel about him being a partner, in firm that represents a Russian national oil company? In current climate, is that fine with you
Your job is to provide oversight of the selection, not to rubber stamp. He represented Russia and Rosneft. That should be disqualifying.
Is your favorite ice cream vanilla?
No nomination of Trump's will have the faith or trust of the public.
How can this attorney, qualified as he may be, credibly investigate Russian oil interests if his (former) firm represents those interests?
He's a partner in a law firm that reps Russian oil interests. #VoteNo
'principled'=bridgegate?
Why should the senate approve a new FBI director hand picked by a POTUS under FBI investigation? Why pretend that this is in anyway normal?
Really ? The Chris Christie Bridge Lawyer ? A Lawyer in charge of Cops ? Sacrilege !
NOPE
How 'bout it, think we need a #SelectCommittee now

#tRUMPrussia
#VotesStolen
#CrosscheckDisenfranchisement
If this newly exposed Russian attempt to hack is true, the Ohio GOP is a witting or witless accomplice! #RussiaGate #UnHackTheVote 
No one trusts anything you say. Sorry, you and your corrupt party have brought this on yourselves.
Don't forget to ask about Russia, as he currently works for their oil company.
i.e. I was totally blindsided
I like how you correctly use Twitter in your job to make actual official statements.
Wray's firm has Moscow office, represents Russian energy interests
Please make this meeting public. Transparency is everything right now!
Ask if Wray had to pledge allegiance to dear leader Trump?
Ill informed statement.  And to think I was beginning to like you -- you're just as bad as the rest of your GOP lot.
That's not a "statement", that's an "endorsement". #Rosneft #ChrisChristie #Bridgegate
Not so sure about that Senator.
Yeah, but why did he let his sister, Fay, be in that big-monkey movie?
