@SenSasse We will primary you.  You will lose, than both you and your ego can go home.
This is the kind of treatment we are demanding answers for!  Why are you bailing out Equifax? That is MY TAX DOLLAR you so freely give!
Instead of getting rid of disastrous ObamaCare you sit with pervert atheist Bill Maher telling racist jokes
Why aren’t u GOP fake conservative RINO’s investigating Clinton????
We want them to compensate ppl that were hacked
Thank you Sen Sasse!
Thanking you.  Significant embarrassment if IRS contract continues. Would fuel the negative rhetoric regarding government problems now
Yet he does not address the spy ring in Congress as he is compromised
Love the questioning, Senator, but who’s the guy w the monocle over MR. Smith’s left shoulder...!?!
Nullify the contract!
Please run for president in 2020.....
My husband and I agree on this!!! 
Softball. Your a professional whiner.  That’s all you do. Whine.
It’s your Republican controlled Congress and President.
The solution is eliminate the IRS.
Stop the IRS contract!!!
STOP THE SPY RING IN CONGRESS
This is the Senator I'm proud to have represent me.  Now if you could do more of this type of questioning with  other leaders in DC...
How about ACTION. rather than publicity seeking claims and headlines.
RINO or publicity seeker.
#DrainTheSwamp
ID PROTECTION MUST BE FREE TO ALL WHOSE SS #s were exposed. NEED A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT.
My entire family (even my 8 month old) had our SSN's exposed.
Well, that’s old news...SPY RING IN CONGRESS AND LOSER SASSE IS QUIET
@BenSasse may have objected to a new $7.25 mil @Equifax contract, but he voted this week to block a @CFPB rule against #mandatoryarbitration
We certainly do senator Ben,  so keep after em!!! And thank you so much for your service you are a great senator!!  I’m from Texas!!
Not just answers. Equifax to pay $$ to everyone of us harmed by their actions. They should pay for what we must go through to right the err
Put your $$ where your mouth is-
Push forward legislation to punish equifax !!
All talk no action !!
You've been in the Senate - what have you done about equifax? About disastrous ObamaCare? About tax reform?
The top hat man with monocle stole the show!
All money should go 2 changing our SS# & protecting all 143 mil. Citizens. It’s scary they know where u live. Congress make a priority!
Why, look at u doing some work!

Also, there's a narcissistic fascist puppet traitor in the WH - just sayin...

#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
Yes please!!!! :(  I'm freezing my credit....I HOPE I'm not too late.... :(
OK who is the monopoly man in the background! 
What we need to know Ben is why you agreed to let this happen
What happened to draining the swamp? #ImpeachTrump #25thAmmendmentNow
Nebraskas State Consumer protection complaint page to file against EQUIFAX is, http://ProtectTheGoodLife.Nebraska.gov    @WOWT6News,
I'm a Nebraskan never gave EQUIFAX the right to take my Idenity & exploit it & or me for Money to run their company!Please putem out of BIZ!
Why does class action only give protection for 2 yrs? My info will be same until I die.
Thank you for that!  Why can't there be more of you in D.C.!?!?
Why didn’t you think of protecting the public after government employee info was hacked? Or do you just show up to get your paycheck?
What about the spy ring in Congress?
@SenSasse, thanks. I hope words lead to laws to protect American citizens. This CEO has a golden parachute. American citizens do not,
Protect them from the https://www.facebook.com/JudicialWatch/videos/10155375600221943/ … spy ring in Congress?
Sir you are disgusting human being should be kicked out of government. So sorry you weren’t playing baseball that day.  If you were oops
Good questions Senator
Did this hacked data end up in the hands of #CambridgeAnalytica and #RussianHackers to help target more voters?
That tiger you GOP have been riding wants TO EAT YOU...and our country. DO THE RIGHT THING: DUMP TRUMP.
I agree.
Agree. Don't forget to freeze your credit with all 3 reporting agencies. Truly it's the noncredit issues like hospital bills that worry me.
Who is that comedian in the background with the white mustache and a top hat?
Senator:  Please put yr intelligence & energy on the Russian election hack.  Equifax will be resolved in court. Save our democracy. Save US.
His apology means nothing to everyone suffering real consequences from the hack. Pls do not forget they dumped stock after the hack.
Then our IRS rewards them with a contract, further exposing millions of Americans. Nothing about this shows concern/amends to Americans.
It's 2017. We'd be surprised if this wasn't the case.

We do deserve answers, @SenSasse. We also deserve to sue companies like @Equifax in court. Why are you trying to take that away w/ SJRes 47? https://twitter.com/sensasse/status/915715917207629824 …
First off, we deserve answers on how the Trump (Tangerine Turd) campaign colluded with Russia to win the election.  Then we need to impeach
reason Ur book was so f*cking bogus on millennials & genX who never agreed 3 vulture capitalist ventures could make or break their credit.
I spy with my little eye the monopoly man  #Winning
Im confident someone from equifax will grant you a large sum of money to do absolutely nothing. 
I don’t know @SenSasse.  He is not even my senator.  Hope America gets to know this guy He is the real solution to make America great again!
couldnt agree more. no contract should have been awarded to a company  and its executives, when there is even a suspicion ,never mind guilt
Yes, SIR! Just what the HELL is up with that?
Thanks Ben!
Wwwwhhhhhhhaaaaaattttttttt
Sen Sasse. I have been trying for weeks contacting Equifax. Unable to reach them. On their website they are still trying to sell
Senator follow throu dont let this slide away as was Irs,HC tapes Benghazi & Ect do ur duty 4 US Citizens u know its RIGHT
I haven't discussion on Equifax's international offices as it relates to this issue. I suspect expatriation of consumer data is an issue.
You are right! We deserve answers! Why aren't we getting any? DO YOUR DAMN JOB! Cut off their funding, until we get answers!
How do you keep a straight face with the monopoly man?
@realDonaldTrump complete idiots
So much for great credit
Thank you for taking them to task. It's not right.  Any $ should be a HIGH interest loan like many of us will have to pay on our next loans.
I do not agree with your politics, but I respect your integrity. .And yes, we deserve answers.
And an exec got $90 million after "taking full responsibility" & trying to defraud customers rights to sue after their info compromised
This is the Swap . Who approved this?
Love Mr monopoly
Due respect, we deserve to have that not happen...
Totally staged more than likely told everyone there was a hack just to sell them ID protection and make big money 
We deserve justice, this is extortion
Spot on, Senator Sasse.  Thank you for speaking out against the IRS contracting Equifax.  It's a bad idea.  Don't know what they're doing.
A no bid contract??? Not to mention we are paying for protection from a company who themselves were hacked?  What a government this is!?!
Stay on it!
The IRS was politicized during Emperor Omaba's reign...why act shocked?
Why aren't u under Obamacare. ? Swamp person
Why don't they pay restitution to all those ppl they let identity get stolen
Why don’t you reign in the IRS. I mean who the fuck is running the govt? Clearly it’s not the people. It’s time for a revolution
Corruption, corruption, corruption!!!
Don’t forget, this occurred under Obama.
Love the monopoly guy!
Get on this!
@BretBaier eqyifax should be required to provide all hacked FREE monitoring AND provide $5M each to fix any problems they have
Way to go!
Abolish it
Unbelievable!
I saw this coming when it happened, scare the public, the bureaus need oversight and regulations, consumers need rights to fix info
Ridiculous
Us who were hacked should get lifetime fraud protection !!! We were forced to use them when obtaining loans Where do I sign for civil suit?
Before or after you repeal Obamacare, you know, the single issue you campaigned on...
Senator please what this CEO deserves is JAIL time!!! He lie to you when blaming one soul for the hack!!! He thinks you all are clueless lll
The first "answer" should be to fire the asshole at the IRS who gave Equifax the no-bid contract.  But Congress will never do anything.
I insist #Equifax remunerate me for the cost of credit monitoring and #IDTheft protection from an outside provider.
Yes! Another reason to repeal #FATCA
Whoever gave them a contract should be fired. Immediately.
Yes and Nebraska deserves a non-amnesty Senator. RINO Sasse deserves a primary opponent in 2020.
The answer should be NO, you don't get that contract, not even temporarily. I've never seen so many, so angry, of all political stripes.
Can't wait to primary Ben Sasse
Go get 'em Ben!
They need to be put out of business because consumer confidence is gone.  They have failed.
Damn...Just More Criminal Activity’s...IRS is Corrupt along with these Credit Agencies
How’s Lois Lerner enjoying retirement?
Gosh, if only you hadn't voted in favor of a SCOTUS Justice who sides with big business all the time, then your outrage might be real.
Dare I say? Senator Sasse for President.
Here's another answer we deserve:   why did you choke on racist Bill Maher's set?  Why were you there at all?
The Monopoly Guy tho...
Rich Uncle Pennybags
Amazing how a company that dropped the ball on protecting information, has the balls to sell another product to the victims.
They are exploiting the very people who were compromised because of their own criminal negligence.
With all due respect, a compromised President demands more answers than compromised consumer data

We need a #SelectCommittee
Ruhro @glennbeck
My question for you senator is, why are you so opposed to “vertical integration”? #kabletown #doritodust
We deserve better!
We not only need answers - their CEO should be in jail. When you check online if you were affected, they then try to sell you their products
Let 'em have it, Senator Sasse!
Require ISO 27001 certification for companies holding this type of information.
Please Ben, get to the bottom of this outrage.
Thank you for asking tough questions and following up.
I appreciate your thoughts and efforts, but were you distracted by the monopoly guy in the background during his reply?
LOL!!!!
How on earth did they get away with a no bid contract?
Why aren't there more sane people in Washington like you?
How long being in the business doesn't give one a privilege, that means they knew how to work the system. #equifax  = #corruption
What's with the Monopoly guy in the background??
Forget answers. STOP the contract. The IRS is still targeting conservatives!
Thank you for asking the right questions.
Do. Something. About. It.
Push for all consumers to have the ability to freeze and unfreeze our credit without cost. Some states already have this option.
Are you Freakin' kidding me?!  What Equifax should do is close up shop!
Equifax doesn’t want us to forget years of quality svc. What ab citizens who’ve been good credit consumers who we now be vulnerable?
...will be vulnerable.
Thank you Senator for stating what should be obvious. What is your stance on Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
Are you going to work in concert with Senator Warren, to clean house on Equifax?
They still haven’t provided my protection despite sign up 2 weeks ago. Login does NOT work! They need to work on their issues first!
Sounds like government work
Senator, I'm highly confident you will do absolutely nothing, regardless of answers you receive, or don't.
Yes. He's totally posturing.
Yeah, that making a profit selling protection irks me.  How about a law forbidding collecting of data on people without their permission?
It's the Monopoly guy! Lol. I hope you noticed that in the background.
We deserve cancellation of the contract while answers are collected.
Get 'em Ben
Other than your excellent questions, the best part about that clip is the monopoly man in the background.
Then do something.
It's in your chicken house Ben.
1. Thank you for addressing this.

2. Stop trying to end @CFPB— which uncovered massive Wells Fargo fraud and regulates Equifax.

At this level of wealth they seem to be untouchable in the administration.
@RichardBSpencer #DefeatSasse https://twitter.com/hhtj7987jtyj/status/915394548867780608 …
@RichardBSpencer #DefeatSasse https://twitter.com/hhtj7987jtyj/status/915394116405653509 …
@RichardBSpencer #DefeatSasse https://twitter.com/hhtj7987jtyj/status/915393657720786944 …
@RichardBSpencer #DefeatSasse https://twitter.com/hhtj7987jtyj/status/915393413410955264 …
The monster is the creature of the Swamp, Senator Sasse, Equifax should be run out of town they are a symbol of the crony-capitalism.
Agreed. Are you the Monopoly guy photoshopped in?

Does this mean you’ve changed your mind and will vote to allow the CFPB to keep 12 CFR part 1040, or is that still too much to ask for?
I’m guessing false outrage and inaction to prevent it from reoccurring.  Anything else wouldn’t be business friendly amirite?
I've been demanding these answers from my MOC for 2 days. This is unconscionable.
Hey even Sasse is getting in on the action!
WTF? Only in the criminal Trump regime.
We stood by while they did business collecting and reporting our information. How about we get a cut?
Please get them for us. We do deserve them - from Equifax and IRS.
Agree! The CEO's parachute should be withheld

Are people still fooled into thinking the "righteous" @SenSasse will actually step up and do something about it. This man is ALL talk
No you and your colleagues need to cancel this contract since they stink at security. Let's see you do it and stand up for us.
What are you going to do about it Ben?   Or are you all talk and no results?  We deserve action!
Let us know when your party, the one in charge, finds some 
@irishspy Drain the sw.........never mind.
Grow a spine and do something about.  Everyone of their officials should spend time in jail.
I would also like to know, after my year of "monitoring" how do I know my family's SSN's won't be used because of this incident?
Your GOP guy is in charge...we think!
this is why Americans don’t trust government.....they only do what’s best for themselves, forget the people
https://twitter.com/hshaban/status/915719854786777089 …
An when ur ID is used to take ur tax return, buy a car,or just borrow money it will cost u much money  to fight
For once, You need to do more than talk. Do something!!!!
For those who were hacked,it's going to be a lifetime of constantly checking ur credit and looking over ur shoulder
How did you not laugh at the Monopoly Man behind him?
Perhaps you could mention this to your Ohio colleague @SenSherrodBrown
Hack.
We also deserve better gun control.
I want to move to Nebraska just so you can be my Senator, I'm just not sure I can tolerate Nebraska in the winter!
Just stay here Spring Summer and Fall, go South for the winters
IRS should go with someone else!
So what you going to do about it Benny?
This from the senator who wants to abolish the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau! Is your prospective on this issue evolving? I hope so.
CFPB is a joke.
go get 'em, Sen. Sasse
.... This is mind boggling! Demand answers!
So, post-hack, Equifax gets $$$ in a no-bid IRS contract & potentially profits selling ID protection to hack victims? We deserve answers. 
Senator, what the hell was with Mr Moneybags behind Smith?  How do you let an idiot like that into a federal hearing?
no bid contracts should never be allowed in the govt.
Thank you Senator. I hope you can stop this nonsense.
Agree with you here.
Brutal. The fox is watching the hen house.
We deserve answers, but it's your job to demand answers.  Do not stop until you get them.
Thank you!
The 148 million people should get life lock free for life.Why should victims have to pay every year for equifaxs carelessness. THIS IS WRONG
YES restitution only fair it probably won't happen,good from the conservative side,lips dem:witz r just far out there
The United States government needs to seize @Equifax.
Real life trolling is next level
Absolutely correct. We also deserve answers to the gun violence problem in our country.
That's our administration at work.
The monopoly guy!! He’s insane! Dying 
It’s YOUR IRS, bitch.
We certainly do!
damn right we do. I'm furious. The IRS just rewarded them for destroying lives.
Thank you asking the tough ? The IRS contract needs to be re-bid
Please lead the action, senator! Black top hat, white mustache, monopoly character mime in background embodies #EFX aloof nonchalance.
https://twitter.com/MyDaughtersArmy/status/915611814477619200 …  This was going on there too!
Man at Equifax breach hearing dressed as the guy from Monopoly. 
