But can we afford our federal government sanctioning mass shootings on American citizens? You’re the common sense guy right? Adulting?
Sanctioning? Th fed govt didn't sanction it, if any of it's even true. Ther may have bn some bad apples who wr coloring outside th lines.
Our policies and laws and protection of the nra, which represents a fractional number of us citizens , allows these shootings.
There's no protection of the NRA. I think u wd be surprised how many people, on both sides of the aisle, are pro-2A. NRA=irrelevant to this
We are not talking 2a.
I believe the central argument in your position  is that. True?
Dem gun family marines.
Artillery
Police
OK. So, what is the comments you made about the NRA? A lone maniac killed a bunch of people & somehow the NRA & the president are to blame?
Did I blame president?
No. Sorry. Different convo.
Maybe you should also work on ensuring that the President wasn't given the job by the Russians.
Cmon. Just stop. There is no validity in your statement. There's been nothing 2 show Russia wanted Trump n the WH. Find another hobby horse.
Enjoy your own hobby horse.
I don't have one. Just tired of the false narratives.
It would probably help if the president took it seriously.
It would probably help if you're POTUS wasn't a Russian shill.
And as long as the 30% of the country he's brainwashed keep believing  he's normal we'll never get rid of him.
I agree with you Senator! I don't understand these nonsensical comments. They r the ones w their heads n the sand. Russia is not our friend.

6/ Is Trump's murderous healthcare "policy" only evil if it's YOUR child who dies so Trump can get revenge on Obama for a joke made in 2014?
Please protect U.S. :(  Thank You.... :) 
But you support a president who willingly took Russia’s oppo research and ad buys. He never objected. Jr “loved” it.
And another colossal error in judgment...
Why does this not surprise me? Oh, our government collected every State's voter registration data in EMAILS, and States participated.
Newsflash - hey Snowflake, Trump was elected by patriots, which you aren't apparently. And he's staying. @POTUS #MAGA
Hey, Senator Sasse...you openly support one of the United States’ other adversaries...the Liar in Chief, @potus.
You'll be the first I'll tweet when he fails to complete his first term.
There's a tubby orange puppet in the WH that feels differently.
Tried looking in the mirror? You ain't all that. LOL .. Stupid idiots in the Democrat party. And you must be one of them.
Did you see what happen in Alaska it's humiliating we lost control of everything, we were powerless. don't want to elaborate
And, to make matters worse, we have a so-called president who gives the russians secrets in the oval office
He is totally & completely unfit!
Newsflash - hey Snowflake, Trump was elected by patriots, which you aren't apparently. And he's staying. @POTUS #MAGA

it's hard to beat an opponent like Russia when they have their guy running our white house.
THANK YOU!  Finally someone speaks common sense!  We r falling right into their trap and must get our act together and put our country first

Wonder why the @GOP tax plan shovels money to billionaires while raising taxes for millions of working families? http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2017/10/14/the-kochs-want-that-tax-cut-badly/oUJ2VvCU0GAIT7cbdZfIXL/story.html …
Thoughts?
In nine short months, this @POTUS has transformed U.S. from respected global leader to isolated, mistrusted outlier.
Welcome to the party, Ben. We've all been shitting our pants while you GOP boys have been sucking up to traitors. #TrumpRussia
Newsflash - hey Snowflake, Trump was elected by patriots, which you aren't apparently. And he's staying. @POTUS #MAGA
Actually, he was elected by the electoral college with 3M fewer votes. And, FYI, patriots don't collude with Russia. #Resist
Address the 'contractor problem' after you've addressed the @POTUS problem vis a vis Russian hacking
Sounds great, what are you doing about the menace in OUR White House?
Newsflash - hey Snowflake, Trump was elected by patriots, which you aren't apparently. And he's staying. @POTUS #MAGA
reading the names of the Eliminated

POTUS was offended @ correspondents dinner in 2014 & entire presidency is about getting revenge. Impeach!
https://twitter.com/DC_Resister_Bee/status/920272356756647936 …
I'll just leave that here.
those are classified documents in Sergey Kislyak hand courtesy of 45
Way past time to get serious about EVERYTHING that Russia has done and is doing. This @GOP blows my mind.
And by the way since no one cares about this whole Trump/Russia thing-here's a fun fact:
Yes, but when your government is corrupt and the FBI is questionable... truth escapes in many ways. #PublicServantMultiMillionaires
If ONLY you'd been warned MORE THAN A YEAR AGO!!

Try to remember: RUSSIA IS NOT OUR FRIEND!!

(Even if they help you get elected)
Newsflash - hey Snowflake, Trump was elected by patriots, which you aren't apparently. And he's staying. @POTUS #MAGA
The best way to protect our democracy is to get trump out of the WHI. America's future depends on it! Work to #ImpeachTrump
There's a Russian puppet sitting in the Oval Office and this guy here doesn't want to address that.
Newsflash - hey Snowflake, Trump was elected by patriots, which you aren't apparently. And he's staying. @POTUS #MAGA
Then *be* the hero our country desperately needs, Sen Sasse.  Gather ur colleagues & let House know senate will support impeachment.
It's up to we the people. We pay their salaries and we the real American people, #PATRIOTS, voted him in. He's staying. Get over it! #MAGA
Once again, you make these statements and do nothing....Man up, get rid of @POTUS and start protecting this country!!
Senator -- when will you join the Democratic Party? Why did you vote for the Iran Deal ?
And now we’re creating a nightmare w/Iran bc of trump’s fake “facts”. We r a joke to the world bc of him.
"Based on the factual record I have put forward, I am announcing today that we cannot and will not make this certification." 
Have you gone on an emergency @foxandfriends interview yet about this?
Speaking (again) of self-inflicted injuries...how is THIS not being corrected?
We are feeding the National Guard because they need hot meals and proud of it but Federal Goverment will not help us.........? 
Speaking of self-inflicted injuries...
The Constitution must remain. Millions of Republicans are wrong to unlearn liberty and defend Trump. ~@DavidAFrench http://amp.nationalreview.com/article/452618/donald-trump-twitter-damaging-republican-character …
Ben sasse is a flaming liberal, wonder if he has collusion with the russians like the clintons do
Casualty of passing off g'ment workers as "contractors" to have the appearance of a smaller g'ment? Difficult to have it both ways.
coward
you're a GOP snake in the grass, pathetic, tell your constituents that you don't support the agenda of the POTUS or that you dislike him
Bens asse sucks
Where r those Russian sanctions?  And POTUS now says we all worship his god. He doesn’t understand r Constitution!
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God. 
#ValuesVotersSummit 
The Russians are conducting hybrid/grey warfare against us. You should consult General Wesley Clark
@seanhannity Ben the 1st amendment does not mean you have the freedom to lie,make up stories or hide bad stories like they did with Obama
Sametime you are supporting your domestic #FakeNews Hacks! #FakeOutrage @seanhannity
Everybody knows that, except Mr. Moron. Sad.
It's pokeman, it's pokeman!!
So when r sanctions Congress 
Passed going to b implemented. I'm waiting. Do you know Senator? I think many Americans 
would like 2 know
Thank you for being one of the RARE, honest, @GOP legislators.  Russia is NOT USA's friend; it is Trump's desired business partner. #resist
@realDonaldTrump's conflict of interest with Russia (bus. opportunity) rules his decisions - not the safety of America. @BobSMueller @FBI
Ben Sasse, you don't understand how we the American people feel about our President. You need to find a new job.
Let's keep talking about Russia instead of important things!. What is wrong with u! You are not working for the good of this country. Stop!!
No kidding, Russia/USSR have tried to steal influence policies of USA my whole life.
US also done the same.  USAID has used funds for influence of Russia and other countries
as well as other US agencies! Move on and work on policies that matter to us American people!
NO! Fucking Sasse is a LOSER. This whole thing has NOTHING to do with Russia!
We WANT THE SPY RING IN CONGRESS TO BE DISCUSSED NOW. https://twitter.com/NickMerrill/status/917803750869426176/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Finstant-articles%2F …
Why don’t you and the rest of the republicans grow a set of BALLS & do something before this orangutan destroys my country. U have no balls.
Defend First Amendment and Defend the Constitution! The military sacrifices under UCMJ to protect our civilian's rights under Constitution!
Thank you for putting our nation's security first.  Also, thanking for reminding #DraftDodger Trump the military defends First Amendment!
Words aren't adequate @potus doesn't comprehend our Constitution nor the oath he took #trumprussia #treason was an attack on US ALL #impeach
Russia does not seem to be the adversary of the POTUS- Putin is a  confederates with comrade #traitor Trump ImpeachTrumpNOW
I am not in NE nor a conservative. But I hope Nebraskans appreciate what a rare and courageous thing it is to speak truth to power. Thanks.
Stop helping Russia split us-Just deal w/ them-We've done it for decades-I should know, I did shelter drills during the Cuban Missile crisis
Stand Firm Ben! Our country needs Men like you!
Please keep standing up to this President.  He is a disaster and he & his family have far too many ties to Russia at this dangerous time.
I'm no republican but I'd vote for you in a second for having the balls to show bravery when it counted the most!
Did you not take the oath to defend this country against all enemies foreign AND domestic? Let's see some defense, Senator.
Sir, is this true?  http://www.patdollard.com/ben-sasse-suspected-of-helping-denny-hastert-molest-boys/ …
Thank you for speaking out against this and atrocities plaguing our country!
The president's violation of his oath to protect us and the constitution is grounds for impeachment!
Kudos for questioning Trump about his Oath.  It's been clear Trump doesn't have the capacity to understand what he took an Oath to defend!
Thank you speaking out on our 1st amendment rights! Now you need to work on getting him medical help he so desperately needs!
Senator thank you for speaking out to Trump on 1st Amendment. America needs your voice. We need GOP to have guts to IMPEACH him!
So it's ok for the national media (NBC) to lie as long as the lie is about a Pres u don't like. I'm talking about it right slander re Nukes
Outright Slander Senator! Trump Never stated he wants to increase nukes. Yet your ok w a news org making up a story
Mike rogers needs to be replaced.  He knew about the NSA illegally spying on millions of americans and did nothing.
Are you saying you approve of lying media? Wait until you are targeted.
While Nero fiddles, we should be protecting ourselves against cyber attacks not planning nuclear ones. That won't work when the grid is gone
Just how much money did the clintons make from putin?  Why aren't you cowards (ben sass) investigating that
Beginning to wonder if ben sass was just a liberal plant all along.  Bad choice for tea party
So Senator If we dont insure th
safety of r elections&punish 
Russia w more sanctions we 
Look wimpy 2 PutinWe need a 
Public commis
Thank u for this & for your courage & doing your duty to protect our Constitution by speaking up against DT. Now u must DO #invokethe25th
Why dont you look into how this all happened under Obama. Too busy being disloyal to leader of your party to bring the truth to light?
When will you hold Trump accountable for refusing to enforce the sanctions? 
When will GOP act like patriots instead of lapdogs??
And we,are not?
Please Senator, help us, stop the madness in the White House! I'm a republican but I'm scared of the madman running this country.
What madness? You dont know what is really going on obviously.
The only thing necessary for the Triumph of Evil,is for Good men / women to do nothing.
The person sits in the W.H. has the his head in the sand along with GOP,
BE A HERO and stand up for our democracy by continuing to speak out against the tyranny that is a President in a full assault on our 1st Amn

25th amendment PLEASE. This POTUS refuses to acknowledge that Russia interfered. He is NOT doing his duty to protect America. #NotNormal
Obama was aware of the Russian's attemppt to interfere with HRC & DT election before a vote cast,  but  did said nothing. Unmasking???
1/putin’s goal wasNEVER2 “help” @gop or @nra His goal has always been&will always b2weaken/destroy Democracy& @NATO Stop his active assets
2/ #TrumpCrimeFamily from furthering his goal NOW #25thAmendment #BanKapersky NOW #MagnitskyAct NOW #ImpeachTrumpPence #countrybeforeparty
3/Here’s some names to get started.There will b more. Stop lettingdelay #MagnitskyAct #DoYourJob #25thAmendmentNow
http://www.humanrightsfirst.org/sites/default/files/Global-Magnitsky-2017.pdf …
We also cant afford to move into the 2018 elections with addressing the hacking of 21 states. Voter roles are essential on election day.
Show a bit of spine now re our Unstable President. Please. God Help America tonight
All this Republican "finger wagging" without any real action is so predictable. @SenSasse are you going to actually going to do anything?
Thank you = please get the rest of the @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP off their enabling complicit asses and do something!
THEN  #IMPEACH TRUMP - GET ON IT!
WHAT ABOUT THE SANCTIONS????????????WHEN WILL THEY TAKE EFFECT???????????
Thank you for having the voice to say what we all believe.
Interesting Sasse posted  his Trump hit on Twitter after so many ppl, House & Senate, have bashed Trump for Tweeimg!
I know you want to be "somebody" someday.  Start with helping P.R now.
The EPA cites reports of Puerto Ricans “obtaining, or trying to obtain, drinking water from wells at hazardous waste “Superfund” sites” 

WaPo: Corker was channeling most Republican senators. You wouldn’t know it from their silence. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/powerpost/corker-was-channeling-most-republican-senators-you-wouldnt-know-it-from-their-silence/2017/10/10/21258130-adda-11e7-be94-fabb0f1e9ffb_story.html …
Now Trump is openly trying to shut down news organizations. Sasse will do nothing. He is an enabler. He is pro-GOP. Not pro-America
What’s happening in the Senate? Never mind, nothing as usual. Make a noble statement, & continue doing nothing the voters elected you to do.
You have the audacity to say you're worried about Trump with NK and keep pushing a country that can DESTROY us 100 times over? Resign!
Funny how they are not investigating the sale of 20% of our uranium to Russia Mueller carried sample to them but no investigation
Senator Ben Sasse let this be your notice if you're not pushing the Trump agenda you will be put out of office.!!!!!!!!!!
Speak the truth like Senator Corker!

3/ Doctors, historians, lawyers—all say this presidency is dangerously abnormal. But media and politicians act like it's business as usual.
https://twitter.com/ezraklein/status/917405636555657216 …
Thoughts?
For the record, Corker's sentiments — and worse — are widely shared by not just other Republican senators, but many of Trump's top aides. That our safety rests on our president being effectively managed and calmed is not a rare view.

Then doubly irresponsible for them to stay silent and enable him to remain in office, endangering the world. Cynical sellout for tax cuts. https://twitter.com/tonyschwartz/status/917202697161531392 …
Thank you for your work, Sen, but fornwgat Godly reason does congress ignore CSR issue? Rooting for Obamacare faltering? Shame!
In light of Corker’s comments, it’s time for you and the others to begin proceedings remove Trump from office. Or forever hold your silence.

Most every conservative senator agrees with Corker. They just don't have the backbone to say it in public. But the dinner conversations...
Senator Sasse, You are spot on. Please keep telling truth to power. This is not a Republican vs Democrat issue, this is serious threat to US
Don't think it's odd your boss doesn't say anything? GOP knows it's not FAKE. Not a peep about Russia. Please don't complain when too late
If ONLY you had some power, Senator Sasse - I bet some shit would get done then.
Play book needs updating.
No longer old say of doing but new ideas needed.
No longer old Kremlin they have installed spies for years.
Well duh! Bigger question is what you Americans will actually do about it? Answer: How about nothing, absolutely nothing...
Then after the House Impeaches, remove the traitor from the Oval Office.
It's not the media nor Democrats nor citizens impeding this investigation. Do something or shut up or quit.
Are sanctions being implemented properly? If they do not learn from this &.. other things..they will be back. Maybe they'll bring friends..
Some brilliant thoughts about combating it in Stanford CDDRL's  ”Digital Technology & Democracy" -->
Super. And your plan is to...
Russia's cyber-crime cheerleader is sitting in the White House right now. Do you care?
Then call out Trump for refusing to chastise Putin. Get your party to speak out against every confirmed Russian intrusion. And call out/1
members of your party actively obstructing (e.g. Nunes, Gowdy, McConnell, Ryan, Rorbacher). Otherwise, these statements are hollow./2
Until he is impeached and removed for #TrumpRussiaCollusion among his myriad impeachable offenses, your words as empty as his head and soul
But it's cool that they elected Trump for us
No kidding.  Do something.
GOP is enabling Trump who still  hasn't enforced Russian sanctions. He'll fire Muiller n GOP will do nothing. Protect Muiller investigation.
Tell Donnie, since he denies anything re Russia
Analysis | No, Germany doesn't owe America 'vast sums' of money for NATO
Fact-check: Donald Trump says Germany owes 'vast sums of money to NATO' http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/mar/19/donald-trump/fact-check-donald-trump-says-germany-owes-vast-sum/ … via @PolitiFact

"[Russian President] Putin’s objective is to break NATO apart and to separate us from our NATO allies," @bobschieffer says 
Never insults putin: https://nyti.ms/2jS6zDv  via @UpshotNYT
The Republican party is endorsed by Vladimir Putin.
Uh, you want to remind your President and party leaders of that little fact? They kinda welcome it.
Investigation Turns to Kushner’s Motives in Meeting With a Putin Ally
"Mr. Gorkov is a graduate of the academy of the Federal Security Service of Russia, a training ground for Russian spies."
How is it we let that occur Ben? How did it come about?
Trump team issued at least 20 denials of contacts with Russia  http://usat.ly/2mxcm6v  via @usatoday
Trump aides had '18 undisclosed contacts' with Russians during the presidential race: Report
...  against American marines." "What did ex-Trump aide Paul Manafort really do in Ukraine?" http://nbcnews.to/2shyf8d  via @nbcnews
"Backed by Russian-leaning oligarchs, the party opposed NATO membership and spouted anti-Western rhetoric that once helped fuel violence ...
The Latest: Manafort registering with US as foreign agent
Trump Campaign Chief’s Firm Got $17 Million From Pro-Russia Party
Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms
Flynn did not initially disclose income from Russia-linked companies
Jeff Sessions used political funds for expenses in Cleveland, where he met Russian envoy  https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 … via @WSJ
House GOP defeats resolution requesting Trump-Russia documents

Cruz and Cornyn not back for a second round of questioning to Yates/Clapper

Sen. Burr won’t sign letters requesting potentially crucial evidence in Senate Russia probe, sources tell @Isikoff https://yhoo.it/2pWj6t9  
The GOP is doing less than zero on this issue...even the party leader, POTUS Trump denies Russian involvement in the hacking. #PatheticParty
Let's start with removing the Russian agent from the White House. Ffs enough is enough already
What do you do then when our own president received help from a foreign government and won’t protect us against this going forward?
WHAT DID THE PRESIDENT KNOW AND WHEN DID HE KNOW IT?
And @POTUS is in bed with them.
Until you deal with Donald trump your words are bull
Will you vote to impeach, @BenSasse??
You may to have to point that cyberspace out on a map for Drumpy$$$$$
IMPEACH HIM.
True. This is very serious to Americans, so assume it must be code red to the US intelligence community. IMHO.
President Dipshit and yourself don't appear to be losing any sleep over our election being hacked....
But Donald doesn't believe Russia's done anything wrong! Have a chat with your guy!
Says a member of a political party alleged to have actually colluded with the Russians. Pluck the beam out of thine own eye.

Why am I not surprising about @salemstate ? http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/10/01/whites-only-usa-racist-pro-trump-graffitifound-salem-state/hlEmzRHKq2BWMJnHfEF7YI/story.html?event=event25 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Do something about it, please.
But nobody's doing anything about it. Why not have a little with @20committee to find out what to do about it?
the titular head of your party, in cahoots with Putin, is the problem
#1 threat?  Donald Trump and you know it Ben Sasse
Yo Sasse... ACTIONSNOTWORDS. You are pathetically ineffective, obtuse, disengaged, selfish, and will not retain your seat next time.  
Talk to your POTUS, fool.
Russia is an adversary, period. They’re attacking us on many fronts. We are at war but no tanks are involved and so people don’t see it.
Do something!!!!! The GOP needs to act- but your Party isn’t about governing, it’s about not governing..because greed and power
Head out of the sand? Is that where it’s at? 
#trumpisabitch
#TrumpIsAFuckingMoron 
#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist 
#trumpisadotard

#MuellerIsComing
@realDonaldTrump
Impeach this fucking nightmare of a monster. This Russian puppet. This money-laundering fool. This racist Nazi fuck.
National sovereignty includes cyberspace and self determination. Russia has attacked our sovereignty, thus we are at war.
‘Russia is a clear ‘adversary’ in cyberspace.’ To...USIntel hacking worldwide? B cause they may be a match for what the US is doing? Why?
The president, the leader of your party, bolsters Russia almost every day. You must address this.
Don't tell us, tell Donald Trump
Sasse the biggest case of convienent amnesia...the bigliest
and your going to do what about it..oh yeah..make the statement and do nothing as usual. Sasse: you are very very bad, now what did I say?"
you have a putin puppet POTUS problem .. tackle that first. Why even have congresspeople if you guys won't do SHIT?!
Then fucking remove the president from office. He is clearly part of the problem. You are enabling and abetting a traitor.
You need to convince your own president.
Sad thing is RU probably won't have to hack anymore. *45, his cronies & family, with their security clearances, will simply give Putin info.
Respectfully Sir. Shouldn’t they ban Kaspersky from the United States? What if it’s on systems for the Electrical Grid,or Financial Systems?
Trump and half the GOP is in bed with Russia. GMAG. The only thing GOP cares about are their doners first, America comes in a distant third
Hey Ben - 11.8.2016 was a Russian coup. tRump was selected by Putin. 
Now what are you going to do about it?
But do you have the courage to out the racism of the alt-right?
About tired of hearing all this talk Senator. You are an enabler of a threat to Democracy. Either put up or shut the Hell Up! #TakeASeat
Thank you Captain Obvious now have your party get off its behind and start the process of removing RU biggest assets in our govt- namely 45
More empty words from a member of the party that backs up everything he does.
That's a lovely press release.  Just lovely.

It does not, however, take the place of actually doing something about it.
