I sort of liked you until you came out in favor of repealing ACA w/o any replacement. The harm that wld cause wld be widespread for too many
Same. I thought he was the last good one. People always tell you who they are, listen.
He wouldn't be a likeable Senator if he supported massive govt intrusion in healthcare or wealth redistribution. #LoveSasse
Interesting since the right is all about massive govt intrusion lately. Especially when it comes to rolling over states rights.
You say as you and your fellow GOPers watch it all go down in flames. Not just watch but actively help by standing by your man.
I'm sure there are some Native Americans that would disagree
We agree it is the best.. Gop ahpuld be putting it above party!
  - thanks Ben-appreciate this, but you support trump who is destroying our country. How do you sleep at night?  $weet Koch dream$, right
Good point.  No nation who elects someone like Trump has the right to call themselves exceptional
Let's just say those who voted Trump are wise !  Exceptional USA USA 
Wise?! They are either very rich or simple "low information" voters. Like Fox news (mostly GOP rhetoric).
You wish Cynthia! We have sat back and watched the Left & Right diminish our quality of life long enough. We are taking our country back.
Really? Take it back and give it to Russia, you mean. You are delusional if you think otherwise, hon. That's sad.
No Cyn, you are so misguided, Russia is the only thing the Dems can come up with and it's so far off !!
Protect us from the Trump Administration which is rapidly eroding our exceptionalism. We fought a revolution to divest ourselves of tyranny.
Examine your choices of leadership. I think we made the right choice. Open your eyes!
As someone who is well-educated, rabidly curious, well-traveled,  & rational, KNOW that YOU have made the wrong choice. Open your  BRAIN.
So you'd rather have Hillary? Not many other viable choices this past Nov.
Finally, other industrialized nations don't have their police periodically killing their own citizens with impunity.
Other nations provide universal health care, have better educational systems, and greater gender equity
...and here's to continued resistance to fascist anti-1st Amendment @GOP @realDonaldTrump & @SenSasse who are trying to destroy USA.
Freedom of speech is one of the key reasons why America is so great, yet you want to punish people for wanting to boycott a country?
are you living in the woods with a pack of wolves. we are falling behind much of world for years. u boys want the return of coal/really ???
we dropped out of the paris summit agreement and the whole world just moves on without us. only developed nation without universal health
sir, I don't know what bubble you are living in, but we are behind in renewable energy, public transportation, our airports suck,
Do bad you don't follow it. You where never meant to have this as a lifetime job. Only to serve the people then go back to your profession.
The Constitution and the Declaration are exceptional. From thence we became just another empire. Not exceptional.
The king does not have all the power.
The people do.
That is our final message to the world. #GameOn.
It wasn't Italian Independence Day when you posted tis, what gives?
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Can u answer this one thing? :
Unpaid hospital care, insurance, etc 1st article, improving healthcare Veterans 2nd article https://m.Facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154726992699151&id=688379150 …
Federal Employees Heath over 15 years old.  Allow people buy similar.  Premiums - incomes, coverage options.  http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare …
http://www.CDC.gov  has info on Tuskegee Syphilis Study.  Great evil
40% births Medicaid. Maternal Mortality, Infant Mortality http://www.CDC.gov . Sky high Maternal Mortality black women.
Medical errors are third leading cause death USA in part poor sanitation.   Florence Nightingale http://ocp.hul.harvard.edu/contagion/nightingale.html …
Worse healthcare, insurance more people die bioterrorism. Wrote Preparing for Terrorist Attacks in 2003 http://www.thegreenpapers.com/Vox/?20030218-0 
VA healthcare better under Bill Clinton, Kenneth Kizer.  Worse Bush, many Republicans . 2014  Kizer - Restoring VA
2000 - CDC - Biological and Chemical Terrorism:  Strategic Plan for Preparedness and Response http://www.CDC.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/rr4904a1.htm …
Spanish Flu killed millions. Influenza Pandemic of 1918 https://virus.stanford.edu/uda/    Medicaid, Medicare, CDC, Guard part Frontline bioterrorism
The hatred of political parties may lead to tyranny.   Are you going to put Republic over party?   Washington http://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/washing.asp …
Life is short and then you die. A friend of mine was killed by a drunk driver in 1980.  If you are going to be a leader, be a leader.
Russian scandal&TREASON are Very Serious problems,We should request DCIA(Director of CIA),ODNI,DNSA(NSA) etc to stay away from peoples in WH
Ben, we are the best in the world - please continue to stand for truth honor & integrity
"I love it!" Do you now stand up for the country or bend over for Russia? Your choice. Your moment of truth. Reveal your character.
Exceptional? Now GOP evil party GOP= Greed Of Power 
Repub. are a disgrace to the constitution & the forefathers would turn in their graves!
In the spirit of the Declaration of Independence: "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" HEALTHCARE = LIFE. Fight for us 
##REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare or Obamacare! #CruzAmendment! #UnitedforFreedom!
Full repeel no replacement united for freedom
you're a fraud. THREAD::
Alright, folks: let's watch the okey-doke. Step 1: 
If you love the Constitution so much, why r u allowing DT to rip it to shreds? Find ur spine & stand up for democracy! Country over party.
https://twitter.com/steve_vladeck/status/884218069152931840 …  Please be a patriot, not a Republican.
Just so it's close at hand, here's the federal regulation (11 CFR § 110.20(g)) at issue for @DonaldJTrumpJr et al.: https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/11/110.20 … 

You run against POTUS? you're a damn joke, go for it...I'd like to see what you're nickname would be
Don't even think about running in 2020! You can't stop Trump. We won't let you.#MAGA
An exceptional nation indeed. A nation that must & will, despite stupidity from you, provide healthcare to its citizens!
Senator, I want so much to believe in leadership for this country but I'm losing hope.Please stand up for the country!Ivanka at 20 seriously
WRONG on repeal, then replace. WRONG on party before constituents. RIGHT to work across aisle. ENOUGH POLARIZED POLITICS!
It will no longer be exceptional if you don't bother to defend it.
Trump apparently believes that Putin is more credible than U.S. intelligence agencies? https://twitter.com/NeilMacFarquhar/status/883376956322062336 …
If the Republican "Healthcare" bill passes, this will be a country without care for all. Work on fixing the ACA, not repeal.
Trump is a clear and present danger to America. Why have you failed to act decisively? May I get your official statement, Ben? Thank you.

1. Many GOP senators, home for recess, woke up today to front-page stories about the local damage their health bill would cause. @OWHnews
This is history.  The GOP and @Citizens_United has killed our democracy with their thirst for $.  USA is the greediest nation in the world.
There must be some reflection
US definitely is exceptional! We're the ONLY industrialized nation STUPID ENOUGH to grant citizenship to offspring of tourists & illegals!
You make me ashamed of being from Nebraska.
Tell me. How do you communicate with the people? No town halls (chicken), no phone calls, and not available to people. What good are you?
If Ben Sasse keeps speaking common sense and showing good humor, he'll soon be crowned prom king.  MAGA
Stop with the "repeal with a delay" crap, please!

Why in the heck are  @SenSasse and @DebFischerNE allowing our country to sink to such lows at home and abroad
“Charity is no substitute for justice withheld,” St. Augustine reminds us."
Nice video... except... we're celebrating our Declaration of Independence. Constitution Day is in September.  Still ♡d it though.
Much work to be done .. For starters stop wasting cash and switch to single payer .. Facts don't lie
When you support trump's agenda every chance you get, you make us not exceptional, but a joke to the rest of the world.
Hey #NeverTrumper @SenSasse, if you love America so much why not show our @POTUS some love?
Good point!!
Then why would trumps slogan be #MAGA??  It was always great!!
We are not anymore Bluexit you can keep Trump
Well, until Trump was elected! Going down fast! @realDonaldTrump
Murcia be with you senator sasse. We need socialism.
#GodBlessAmerica God's most Noble & Courageous men & women were sent to live on Earth in These the Latter Days! America is a Choice Land! 
Best tweet of the day. To most people this is a paid drinking day. Forgetting how our founders suffered for us to eat and drink freely.
Because they helped us be exceptional:
To all of the negative Tweets... Find a 'better' country and move there.
Sure ol' George was a wackadoodle, sort a like DT
The problem was Parliament influenced by Power holders
Congress should learn this lesson

We are exceptionally endangered because people like you put party and personal gain over country and fellow human beings. Please do better.
And now we watch your party destroy that. #congratulations #lincolnwouldbeproud
Thank You
Happy Independence Day Sir, I hope you are praying and believing for a run 3 and a half years from now! 
Not a happy day!  Senators failed America once again!  Maybe we will replace you so then we can finally Repeal and Replace ACA.
Support President Trump!  Republicans need to lead now!  It's our last chance!
Please make sure we keep it that way.
Yes, the Philippines are kind of special.
Or did I miss something.
B/C in God we Trust, that's what makes us exceptional !
Hey you must know deep down that you are talking bullshit. It is a great achievement but the rest hyperbole
Please fix ACA by working with Dems. No one is happy when they are sick and can't get health care. Vote no on repeal.
You rt Frederick Douglass' 4th of July address next to this. What do his words mean to you?
Thank you Senator.  Repeal/Replace obamacare, Tax Reform, Build The Wall, Lock obama administration crooked asses up!!  MAGA!!!
Ancient Rome would like to have a word with you.
It does take an exceptional nation to allow a demented abusive narcissist to hold the keys to immediate global annihilation. Do something.
If I didn't know any better I would have thought you were a democrat.
U want to be on the ACA?  You must have a sugar free diet & be able to do certain excercises every six months.  Sick on purpose no coverage.
Absolutely the greatest country in the world
Some like gov. to control them.  Take away our technology until we've walked two miles each day then we may have it back.  The new ACA.
Many civilizations ruled for thousands of years before the wheels came off due to hubris.Look to history if you want to see what comes next.
Perhaps you could get Trump to read the Constitution?
Except our president does not even understand and Congress does not have the balls to enact the 25th for someone obviously unstable w/codes.
Agreed Mr Purdie, exceptional is a bit of a stretch particularly looking at the current resident of the White House
But getting worse with every minute of the current administration 
Definitely not because of peaceful transfer of power
Happy Independence Day, indeed. Exceptional? I can think of a million world more fitting.
Why do you say this is "the most exceptional nation?"   I love America, but the myth of American exceptionalism is destroying us
Tell of another nation more exceptional?
Getting close...keep studying
You talk a big game Sasse. But you're actions are cowardly. Just stya in line.
#July4th #IndependenceDay
Let us pray that our leaders will find a way to preserve our freedom. It is under attack.
Happy Independence Day! We are blessed to live in USA. May we always protect & preserve our freedoms 4 future generations.God Bless America!
Not exceptional enough to elect a normal person to highest office
Why is it that 80% of Nebraskans shouldn't have the right to life? Their genetics should be dropped out of the gene pool
Amerca is dead. And the @gop has made America the laughing stock of the world. Especially those dumb rural Nebraska folk.
Country before party. Right?!!
The the Democrats right?
We have our own King George in office right now and you do nothing to stop him. #NeverTrump
Until 2017...


Really by Repealing the ACA without having a Plan?  I used to like you... not anymore
To be fair, they all ran on this issue. But after running for years, it would make sense for there to be an option on the table.
You can't take folk's insurance away from them...you just can't. Have some compassion, man.
Please don't leave millions of Americans without healthcare protections. Thank you.
Thank you Senator for your remarks on this Independence Day 2017. May God continue to bless the USA.
Support The Constitution of The USA.
Stopped being exceptional about 6 months ago. You are sitting idly by allowing this lunatic to destroy our country. History will not be kind
FORMERLY. You forgot the word 'formerly,' Ben.
We should get one of those "US Constitutions".  They sound nice.
It's been translated to Russian.
All good apart from transposing motivations for the English Civil War to the American Revolution.
Following what you said the greatest nation is Corsica and not the US.Paoli wrote the constitution wich inspired the US one.
Repeal without replace?  You are silly and wrong on that.  Sweden Norway Denmark Holland and especially Canada.....dozens more are better...
Thanks for what you do Ben; true patriot. It is a shame 35% have forgotten this and now actually want a King.

conservative and fellow Bush alum, @davidfrum:
It was a year ago
We're being led by an incoherent infantile reality TV star... So I guess THAT'S kind of 'exceptional'
It is exceptional!! #winning #MAGA
Then why do you wanna fuck it up so bad?
Yes we are and you give us hope.  Run for office.

When truly great minds express our noblest ideals in > 140 characters: #DeclarationOfIndependence #FourthOfJuly 
Please read Math 16 vs 26 Ben
Let's have you and some of your colleagues stand up and be exceptional then...you're a co-equal branch...put country before party!
Here here!   #CountryBeforeParty.  All else is treason.
AMEN, Senator!!!
We r ruled by corporate interests, across the board. Unless & until we get rid of super PACs, we r doomed. A purist such as u can surely see
Right to Life , Liberty and pursuit of Happiness is impossible without healthcare. Exercise Checks vital for Democracy For We The People.
Seemed possible for more than 230 years
We have to pass an amendment that forbids the federal government from being in the benefit/entitlement/subsidy business. #20Trillion
There's another country besides the US that has an independence day on July 4th as well ???
Some would even call it GREAT.  Already great.
You can stop #45 from violating Constitution & destroying Ameican political system.CountryOverParty! Specifics: #Emoluments #25thAdmendment
How is he violating constitution?
UR kidding, right?You support a party that turns its back on the sick and the poor, I wonder if God had anything to say about their rights?
Not the government's job. We are called to individually help the poor and sick. If it's done at gunpoint, it's not charity.
Where were you when I was fighting the Illegal Omaha Contractor Licensing Ordinances? All hat and no cowboy.
Please comment on Trump calling constitution archaic and bad for US
If you believe that, please stand up and fight back against a president who is trying to destroy our nation.
Hillary isn't President
can't we be merely exceptional?
No
You have zero credibility unless you actually DO something about him.
There is nothing "exceptional" about the U.S. The British, Roman, or the Japanese empires all viewed themselves as exceptional at their peak
Shame on you for feeling this on our nations birthday!
Let's deconstruct the vid. 1st, propaganda aside, COTUS was not even that remarkable for the day, as it was cribbed from state consts.
2/2d, the Framers sought to secure "the rts of Englishmen." [Scalia] GB Const. is and was superior to ours.
Doesn't feel all that exceptional lately.
This is the first patriotic statement I've seen, heard you post, speak.  Keep it up.  It suits you better than trashing our @POTUS
Until 11/8/2016
And which country is that? Certainly, not this 3rd World toilet! W/O equal justice under law (& we don't have it), we are not even free men.
Your right, the lobbyists are the source of our rights.
We has rights? Just try enforcing them in our courts at need.
Thank you for saying Independence Day and not just the 4th of July.
And Happy Fourth to you Senator
not feeling very patriotic  this 4th of July. I'm frustrated, angry, embarrassed and filled w/shame. The GOP needs to #ImpeachTrump
@BenSasse I am stunned & saddened that you of all people would confuse/conflate the Declaration with the Constitution on this day.

Trump has degraded our exceptionalism around the world. Trump is incompetent and dangerous. GOP do your job. #25AmendmentNow
If anything were more exceptional-head n shoulders above. Not brought down- 44 bowed to other leaders!
I'm pretty sure they would have said "Nay!" Nevertheless, well done. 
Please don't let trump ruin it on your watch. Speak up. 
You're not good at your job.
WYWP (Wish You Were President)
three fifths of all free persons
Good thing you retweeted this. Would've figured you as communist if you hadn't.

That and the 25 th amendment. Please read it today.
Ben I know you are sad when you have liberals trolling your page now they know you are not a true Republican! You are small league
If only we had an exceptional leader
Get outside of the USA more. They no longer think we are an exception (corrupt leader, lies, attacks on democracy)
everyone who thinks america isn't the best is a liar and a communist
Get out of Alabama & see the world.
Lmao buddy I wasn't only joking, I was born in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, to Baha'i pioneers who regularly travel the world.
Where else but in America can a judge sit in judgment of his own tort case? That is even over-the-top for Zimbabwe! You want to debate the
2/relative merits of this 3rd World toilet? Start w/ a feudal Gini score of nearly 50, and 600,000 medically-induced bankruptcies per year.
3/Our election system is so gerrymandered that we have no real voice in our own governance; Sasse sucked Koch at the Broadmoor last weekend.
4/Our judiciary has rewritten COTUS to grant themselves ominpotence. Compared to real republics like Aus, NZ, Can, & Spain, ours is a failed
High hopes that u will defend constitution..not what is happening lately. We all see it face it he is not fit for President
At least this guy acknowledges our flag and keeps his shoes off the furniture. Won't speak Arabic behind us.
Our "freedom" was dependent on taking another cultures FREEDOM away nationalism and patriotism should become a thing of the past
You're sick. Move to North Korea already. #UnAmerican
that "great mystery of how to live"
You have a responsibility to keep it exceptional. That responsibility includes confronting Trump.  Why are you waiting? @realDonaldTrump
Shut up liberal
Let's keep it that way sir!
