This is so inconsistent with your "pro life" stance. Refugees will DIE. We have the chance to represent Christ by welcoming them.


Yes, let's take this one guy on his opinion and use it as a barometer for foreign policy decisions.
Okay, you don't want personal accounts, understandable. Here is the actual process: https://www.state.gov/j/prm/ra/admissions/ …
Yeah I know... I've read this stuff months ago. It's not fool proof. It's been defeated before.
No, no process ever will be. But zero attacks by non-US citizens in America since 9/11. This is pure fear mongering.
What? What? Are you paying attention?
So long as the West refuses to see Islam and its followers as a civilizational threat, it ensures its own defeat. It is nonsense
republicans used to say that about Russia. But they did/do actually have ICBMs. Now they're fine because Trump says so?
Civilizational conflict is about a change of the civilizational loyalties of the inhabitants and establishes territory
Any "clash of civilizations" exists less btwn Muslims & West than btwn 1.5B+ Muslims & a far smaller number of radical Islamists.
The internal disputes for power within a civilization should not be misconstrued as a change of loyalty or identity with the
civilization. Islam's threat to the West is as significant as Christianity's was.
1/ It seems you see "Islam" as one civilization. I see in "the Muslim world" a richly varied patchwork of cultures, worldviews,...
The Islamic civilization is based on Islam.  The West is based on Christianity. Both have produced schisms and "patchworks," even
Cool statement, bro. Now if only you were a US senator & could so something about ... oh, wait, you are. Get off your ass & act
oh Barbara! <3
This is what Trump is trying to protect us from...
Have you ever bothered to read the vetting process that's been in place before refugees can come to the US?
Yes I have. Thanks for asking.
I call BS. These arent people on a boat off the coast of Greece. These are GREEN CARD and VISA holders denied entry

Ben these are the times when good men and women stand up to madness and tyranny. Please be one of those people. #resist
1) The madness and tyranny you speak resides within the corrupt party you support. You can't claim to be a good person
2) and stand by and let this entire admin throw away America's best interests for more money and power.
You promote a utopian global love fest of black widow spiders who will devour you alive when they are done with you!
Troll elsewhere DB. #Muted
Sorry Nurse Petty...the Bolshevik Revolution won't come to America...you haven't a clue what tyranny even looks like.
Please get on board or we're not going to get anything done! Saw you on The Factor & couldn't tell if you're a R or D!
You believe they won't teach HATE to their children anyway? C'mon...straw man argument. Americans are tired of PC nonsense.
Are 1.7 Billion of them. 300 Million of us. These misguided efforts create 1,000s of new radicals, don't keep us safe.
And Obamas bombs and drone strikes didn't?
"Within hours, she received a formal apology. But she says she can't imagine travelling to the U.S again."
great words, but where are your votes? Choose country over party, democracy over fascism. Remember why u got into this.
And the white Christian boys who are inspired by the hateful rhetoric of Trump & GOP are inspiring? #QuebecMosqueAttack
please take a breath and put aside the anger. It's for a check on National security.
gee that statement in itself is... I don't know... Too broad?
Alas wisdom is not in the WH and intellectualism is seen as a threat. Start here: #StopDeVos
disingenuous & dishonest @allinwithchris. No respect for Garland. Constitution be damned. Just say you & your party were wrong.
@jaketapper Statements are not enough...are you going to take action or should we start shopping for new representation?
https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/825526216941830144 …
I disagree with several of your premises here, but I deeply thank you for taking a principled stand for decency.
There is nothing principled or decent about failing to thoroughly screen folks coming from jihadist nations
no one is arguing against screening processes. We want ALL to have access to those processes, fairly
@UChicago @FulbrightSchlrs @FulbrightPrgrm @USAID An excellent example of "the second way to fail." http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/muslim-student-dedicated-life-usa-extremism-religion-banned-a7677186.html … #JusticeforZia
Fear mongering. #Nebraskans don't get it #votesasseout
thank you @POTUS's order is nuts. All in favor of increased vetting but this is self defeating.
Both Bannon & Flynn influencing Trump. Here is Bannon speech to Vatican. http://the-american-catholic.com/2016/11/18/remarks-of-stephen-bannon-at-a-conference-at-the-vatican/ …
#Deplorable
We should be careful this administration. Sowing chaos as means to aggregate power to executive branch.
Serious qt; Why is a temporary hold on refugees,etc from these countries to verify vetting process wrong? Seems 2 B overreaction
Also, vetting process is already arduous and thorough. 18-24 months minimum. Paperwork, interviews, background checks, etc
.@SenSasse Sean Spicer said, "I don’t have any details right now." https://twitter.com/business/status/827582228838363136 … #NoBanNoWall #WeAreAllImmigrants #VisaBan
U.S. revokes more than 100,000 visas after Trump's immigration order http://bloom.bg/2k4co0Y  
The ultimate goal is to get Muslims to reform their faith - that requires utilizing all the tools in the tool box
do something besides make a statement.
ok, bigot
Clear communication about evangelization of Non-Muslims by educational & social means vs forceful violence is vital.
.@SenSasse There was no pretending Islam was not related to terror. Obama didn't want to label it Islamic Terrorism BECAUSE of 2nd point.
appreciate yr statement. pls oppose indefinite Syrian #refugeeban and >50% cut in total no. of refugees accepted annually.
THIS I agree with. Not @BetsyDeVos or coal runoff in our water or Trump talking to other countries like they're minions.
@jaketapper > then stand up and say what Trump is doing is wrong!!! Don't just talk! Say it in The Senate! Speak truth!
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS #MuslimBan NOW!!! @SenSasse @SenateGOP
https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/825526216941830144 …
THIS WAS A POORLY EXECUTED MUSLIM BAN THAT COST THE U.S. LIVES IN FUTURE ISIS RECRUITMENT, AND WAS JUST CRUEL.  UR NO CHRISTIAN
you are Great! Saw you on "all in with chris Hayes". I support your civic ideas and sensible opinions.
from this Dem, thank you for opposing this sloppily written and executed immigration ban. I appreciate your common sense.
Thank you for your statement that helps us see a better way to fight terrorism.
@BenSasse @ImthatguyHORAK sounds like a liberal. acts like its a forever ban! #smh
another neville chamberlain republican we have. Talks tough but thats it.
writing tweets does nothing to solve problems. Voting does. What is your action going to be? I'm tired of tweets from elected off.
 please become a loyal person to our President
.@SenSasse You've spoken out on the travel ban. Will you vote no on Sessions tomorrow? Or refuse to approve until WH changes policy?
Stop playing into hands of leftists talking points.Be more concerned about vetting possible Jihadists coming into the US than PC.
:This should've been taken care of YEARS ago. Now all of a sudden everyone knows better. There will never be a simple resolution!
:Why wasn't this even discussed before our current POTUS! BHO was too busy rushing foreigners in! Wasn't concerned about security
after this how could you support @jeffsessions for AG. He will accept and defend any @realDonaldTrump legislation.
You really ought to switch parties because you sound more like a progressive every day.
vote no on sessions
thank you for your measured response
7 countries is NOT a Muslim ban!
pls vote no on confirm of Sessions.
Guess you know it all. Don't let your self interests and presidential ambitions stand in the way of giving Trump your advice.
Sessions had a hand in the #MuslimBan. Stephen Miller is his pawn. Vote NO on Sessions
your vote on Sessions confirmation is a betrayal of what you sensible say on the perverse order on select countries
They already tell their kids this!It's time to get behind our Prez.Its a privilege to come here not a right.Keep our kids safe!
We expect you to support our President with his Executive Order on immigration. Stop your grandstanding.
This statement was really lacking. Vague opinion with 0 solution. Need better from you as one of few in office with integrity.
jihadist have already sent us a signal & it is that they want us dead. POTUS & the ppl has told them we don't want them here.
Wisdom?  Ok, problem solved.
Senator u prove ur a phony conservative.  Nothing wrong with STOPPING people from terror prone nations to come to USA! Protection!
@BenSasse  like statement of Muslim ban. Stay strong and keep this view. NE is behind you!
Thank you senator for standing up to this bully trump.  God bless @sensasse
political, diplomatic and military means. Until the faith is reformed the terror will never stop
thank you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan. I appreciate you 
as the jihadis are fleeing Iraq. Yes or no?  Please read the POTUS EO BEFORE you comment publicly
POTUS is banning anyone coming from the 7 named countries because that's where the jihadis are projected to go
@Evan_McMullin his actions have made so many not feel safe both at home and abroad. How can a president cause this sad but true
Please keep ignoring the will of the American people.  It will help get you replaced quicker. http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/current_events/immigration/january_2017/most_support_temporary_ban_on_newcomers_from_terrorist_havens …
Thx for showing some restraint and respect for the Constitution.  Urge you to reject @JeffSessions for AG as he clearly does not.
Dear Senator, USA is great because we welcome all.  We have nothing to fear as long as we stay true to our founding principles
It is time for leadership and for Republicans to stand up.  Stop worrying about politics/your career and do the right thing!
it's never to soon for you to resign.
In light of the news of the next Acting Atty. General, Is it possible for the 50 states to secede from D.C.? Scary...
Stand up for Jewish Nebraska. Horrific slap in the face to all on HDR
Thank you, Sen. Sasse! Please vote to overturn Trump's Muslim ban!
Thank you for the nuanced response to the EO on immigration. I hope we can count on you for a "No" vote on Sessions!
@BenSasse It's a pause for review! Look up Obama's 2013 ban. Same thing, same countries.
Cuck.
We ban xtrmly vetted refugees while unvetted BANNON is official puppet master. Time to impeach before more shock events bring war
I support his action. Signed, Nebraska Voter
You better be a NO VOTE FOR @BetsyDeVos
It will only get worse, if we don't stop it now.


I agree with your position!
For God's sake can you not for once do something for the American people instead of for yourself? BE QUIET& SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT
You are NOT FOR AMERICA! YOU ARE ONLY FOR YOU! WE ALREADY KNOW YOU DID NOT SUPPORT DJT. BUT HE IS OUR PRESIDENT. A CONSERVATIVE !
I agree. Thank you for this thoughtful statement
Thank you!
man you suck.
What data shows that this ban makes Americans safe? What actions can be taken against the President and this order.
If Islamic Extremism is rare...  How are Muslim Extremist able to take over so much of the Middle East and Europe? 

#Sellingout
trump was elected to do EXACTLY wut hes doin. GET ON BOARD SIR!
I like the direction of this!  Hope you go further against hurtful, incompetent policies.
Now that you said something you need to do something.
.@SenSasse as a Nebraskan constituent, I ask that you take action in the Senate to reverse the reckless Muslim Ban! #NoBanNoWall
AFewOfMany-IslamBannedUnder 
Immigration&NationalityAct Passed 6/27/1952-
Confirmed&UpheldByCourts 1965!Obama&OthersHaveDoneSame!
will you stand up to Trump & vote No on @jeffsessions tmrw then? Reminder: he supports religious test for immigrants
it's not all Muslim nations you tool. How about you take the security of Americans seriously because we see Europe is a disaster
Thanks for speaking  against this EO.  I am gravely concerned about the grossly callous, slapdash approach.  Please do something.
Thank you for speaking out. It is not easy to break from the rest of the GOP. We need your leadership!
@Calebculver This truly appears to be very accurate and serious wisdom May our nation practice this
Please press to defer a vote on Sen Sessions' nomination until he returns to testify before you on this week's executive orders.
@BenSasse Thank you for your smart, courageous and independent stand regarding EO on immigration.
scary. We're all frightened https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.ok2op9b5d …
Sane response @SenSasse
Grow a spine & push back on @POTUS. @SenSasse, there is 0 way this approach makes  safer. Shunning an entire religion is not the answer.
thank you. Voice of reason regarding this.
Thank you, once again, for not being a sheep. Respect from NE for speaking up for what is right, even if it's contrary to the GOP.
@Republikim1 Israelis are banned from 16 countries. Anyone want to protest that? Nope.... Thought not. Biased bastards.
Is America one of them? Nope.
Thank you for being one of the few in your party to make a statement against #MuslimBan. Keep standing up for Justice!
The Neb Rep party will ensure that you're a 1-term Senator, might as well go out in a blaze of glory, stand up to @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, Senator Sasse!
Where are we going to find wisdom in Congress???
Please stand up to President Trump.  This Muslim ban is Unamerican and unconstitutional
@BenSasse you know Bannon has no right to be on the national security council. Unqualified. Fix it.
Distractions.
the next 4 years you are going to carry a heavy load. This is just getting started and it won't be fair.
if ALL Muslims targeted entire ME, Indonesia, Malaysia, etc would be on list.
You sound like a whining Democrat - get your facts straight!
@LindseyGrahamSC UH OH SENATORS 1ST POLL SHOWS 70% SUPPORT NO REFUGEE AND TRUMPS EXECUTIVR ORDER. ON WRONG SIDE AGAIN. LOSERS
@BenSasse thank you.
I don't believe this statement
U have the #3amigos Mccain, @LindseyGrahamSC, and this ass clown who have no voice except from MSM looking for anti-Trump  voice
Lincoln is home to refugees from over 40 countries. They are not our enemy. Muslims are not our enemy. Take a stronger stance.

@fiddlestix007    so what he's saying is there is no winning this...Muzzies have been trying to dominate the world for a 1000 yrs
Extreme vetting & profiling is good for all.
yes it needs to be done.....they are a Trojan horse.....just waiting for the right time to strike out at us....
@jaketapper I thought it's clearly stated-terror nations
Not perfect but FAR better than most republicans who won't speak out at all. GOP needs to defend American values. #RefugeesWelcome
You for an amendment to suspend visas from 33 “high-risk” nations last December., many were majority-Muslim. Now this???
https://sethfrantzman.com/2017/01/29/fueling-terrorism-its-always-our-fault/ …
thank you for standing up to injustice. proud to be a Nebraskan
Thank you for a principled stand.
President Trump is correct!
The Trump executive order is too broadly written and his management team has bungled it's execution.
@LauraDTMil324 
@BillKristol let's start a new party built on ACTUAL conservatism we can incorporate #Sustainability and #SocEnt
.@SenSasse An excellent statement. Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for taking a rational view on this. I hope you work w/ colleagues to fight for a less cruel & more effective approach.
Ahhh,  the democrat strategy is working
I'm sorry.  At this point, ought to convince us they're not.
Hey Ben are you really this stupid? What will it take another 9/11 before you agree with Trump on extreme vetting Those Countries ban Jews 2
Hey Ben are you really this stupid? What will it take another 9/11 before you agree with Trump on extreme vetting Those Countries ban Jews 2
Again, thank you for remembering who America really is
So Islam has nothing to do with terrorism but if we don't let them in they will be terrorists......got it.
Thank you Senator!! We need you to speak out and stop these madmen: Bannon, Trump, Miller, Kushner - pls #ProtectTheConstitution
as a constituent of Nebraska, THANK YOU !!!
well said sir!
thank you! If they love our country, your fellow GOP MoCs will join you.
and that wisdom is?
I do not agree with you on most issues, but we agree on  principles of working things out democratically. I applaud this statement
thank u 4 speaking out! Unfortunately, the US has already sent that msg out! Shame on the GOP! #YourCandidate #NoBanNoWall
thank you Senator for putting people first before party politics!
@BenSasse thank you senator for your principled stand. Seems like some have lost sense of what it means to serve our Republic.
It's an intelligent, considered statement.  The Senator could meet with the president and offer council on how to make the policy stronger
you are my senator. I am proud of you for speaking out against this unAmerican ban. Stay strong and make all of Nebraska proud.
@GOP This guy.  Please make him the leader of your future.
thank you. But you're not done. Keep going.
You do realize Iran killed 500 US troops in Iraq and wounded 1000s more, right? Makes troops wonder whose side you're on.
Thank you for speaking up against this horrible abuse of power. Now it's time to DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! #nobannowall
Thankfully nobody cares what you think. The silent majority support Trump's ban.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you. Senator, for speaking out against an EO that is sure to spread hate and fear instead of protecting Americans.
Counting the day until you are not re-elected. We do not need a false Republican like you. Respect our president!
I fundamentally disagree with you on many issues, but thank you for standing up and speaking out against this executive order.
thank you for saying something. Stand strong for religious freedom-discriminating against any religion threatens all religions.
thank you for being reasonable. Please convince the GOP to join you.
And just when are you taking your family to one of the banned countries? That's what I thought, Never.
So what are you going to do about it?  Talk?
Thank you.
Stand up or shut up.
@BenSasse thank you for standing up.
@WilcoxNMP reasonable.  Escape valves in the EO to get it where it needs to be to reflect this. Hope cooler heads prevail.
Amazing how you managed to not directly denounce the current EO. Wanna try again?
Trump is still a clown and we are moving dangerously close to fascism.
then tell that to the media and convince them to cover the ban accurately
Haven't noticed that ISIS needs help recruiting, or that what we do helps them.  POTUS hurts himself by acting rashly, though.
Silly statement, Ben. The three largest Muslim nations aren't even on the ban list. List is based on vetting capability.
I appreciate your move toward reason. Please be bolder & don't hide. I'd like to see you on the right side of history! #MuslimBan
you are right. There was a lawful way to do this. Wisdom?? where is it? Not in the WH for sure,Where are the other repubs?
Gotta step it up a little more Senator. This is escalating quickly. @SenSasse @BenSasse
@BenSasse Some of the wealthiest countries in the world are in the middle east.I'm confused about why they haven't increased roles
As a member of Armed Service Committee, what's your opinion on Bannon being on NSC but Joint Chiefs of Staff not? Coming before Committee?
While you've pointed out great points I missd your suggestions on what to do.The ban is temporary while experts have time 2 review
This statement is TOTAL BS! Let them recruit. We will kill them all!
Thank you for your leadership on this issue.
Undisciplined POTUS decision-making & alt-right cronyism does not imbue confidence. Implications omitting Saudi Arabia appalling
@BenSasse thank you for having the Decency to stand up against @POTUS .  I hope your colleagues learn something from you.
Thank you! However, I believe that the executive order to be unconstitutional, violating the establishment clause. A Constituent
