Without Wiki-leaks, who would know the FELONY's that BO, Hillary, Valerie, Pelosi and other RATS did ???
AMEN!   Focus on the deplorable Obama administration and the CIA
Mr. Sasse, who LEAKED info on Trump ?
Who killed Seth Rich ?
Who poisoned Breitbart ?
What did the FISA applications say ?
Thank you for your hard work, Senator.
so grateful for your voice of reason!
Don't kill the messanger.  Be very afraid of what the Obama administration and the CIA are doing!  #WakeUpAmerica
respectfully disagree with you, Sir
Trump and Assange should share a cell.
WakeUp @SenSasse we havent4got the DarkAct1599 yet Putin strives towards producing organic foods & WHO states GMO is possible cancerous 
This is complete nonsense.
and china. and many other countries. he is impartial. perfect record over 10 years.
Assange is a disgrace, a malcontent
https://ibankcoin.com/flyblog/2016/11/05/wikileaks-email-shows-podesta-and-friends-had-hot-tub-parties-with-children/ …

will you disavow podestas pedophilia?

dont dodge.
sets up a false equivalency!  And you will believe anything.  You must be a Trump supporter
Hilarious -- dodges and then tells *you* not to dodge.
that's not a dodge. that's calling a dodge out. false equivalency
What's not a dodge?
Mr Pizzagate is only person who instructed not to "dodge" so my meaning should've been clear +
I'm so glad the people support Assange rather than an ignorant dinosaur nobody like you.
He is exposing the crooked liars in government, he does not deserve a jumpsuit but some in our government past and present do
Sasse the boy intern pimp disgrace of the  GOP
Tread carefully Sasse, we might just expose all those skeletons in your closet. #julianassange is an honorary US Patriot. A hero.
Wake up, man, do you think we are stupid? Before Assange wearing orange, your cartel should be guillotined!
@puppymnkey  Hate to tell you Ben but so should Donald Trump.
Isn't it true Congress has a low approval rating? MobsantoGMO lobbiedya'll & won huh? Yet 80-90% Citizens wanted GMOfoodlabels 
on what count do you think he would be sent to jail?
Lifelong Democrat, I pray each night that US politicians, Dem & Rep, are exposed for the scum they are. #DemExited
Agreed. Expect to see them timing leaks to help Trump over the next few weeks & months. The Brainwash of Americans.
what's sad when the majority voice of US citizens falls on deaf ears2 #Congress cuz lobbyists handout millions 2silence us #greed
I agree.  And you should stop voting for Assange pal, Trump, on Senate floor.  We need votes against Trump ppl & bills.
Sorry buddy, he is our president,get use to itlove it!!
No, he shouldn't! Ppl like Snowden and Manning, Clinton and Podesta should be.. they are the crooks..Assange just let everyone know how much
Trump loves him. The POTUS loves him. :(
#ShameOnBenSasse
so should Treasonous Trump
it's because of statements like this that others' "confidence in the West" is eroding. think for yourself & stop being a sellout!
Go on, shoot the messenger... keep focusing on the finger not where it's pointing... people who love truth and law most like JA.
>>@SenSasse FULL REPEAL OF OBAMACARE - NO MANDATES, NO PENALTIES  OR YOU ARE USING @JulianAssange AS A DISTRACTION! @realDonaldTrump @Reince
so the crimes against American citizen's revealed in the leaks apparently mean nothing to you. The CIA assets much Jackass?
Do you own any mirrors..you best start to look at them...your dirty dog.
resign
Expose SenSasse @wikileaks
it's about truth and you don't like it...truth hurts
So let me get this straight. @JulianAssange exposes crimes at the highest levels of gov't, and your plan is to threaten him with rhetoric?
. Mr Sasse, you don't speak for all of the America people. Some of us see the CIA as the enemy of the people and its institutions
. By undermining the elected president. They are unelected. Unaccountable, and what will you as a senator do about it?
telling or exposing the truth should be treated as a crime in this country? Sounds like we are being run by a bunch of Criminals
If these three lines is all you come up with then you are the worst tyrant ever as any demented fascist would be more articulate
you do realize that he's not a US citizen and cannot be tried for treason don't you?
Pardon me, but the US has become totally corrupt - Assange reveals the EVIL our government has become, since our REPS HAVEN'T.
People not in the know have not connected Wikileaks and Russia's desire to turn us on ourselves. It is working, comrades, RedTrump
but Ben endangering human lives and abetting despots are key components of US foreign policy.
I guess U have nothing better 2 do than mock & ridicule @JulianAssange who has never been charged. BRAVO. Do U hate children too?
How else would we know what you guys are up to?
Why?  Because he scares you?  What's in your closet?
people telling the truth don't deserve prison, who they expose does. Talk about what's in the leaks, not who leaked it
@JulianAssange is not a US Citizen and US laws stop at the US border. He is a hero to most people outside America
You and people like you are part of the problem! Why do you hate America and it's people? Do your job represent the people!
you , and any supporters of the unaccountable, unelected, unchecked deep state are the real criminals
If he should, then so should U for ALLOWING the TREASONOUS, DEBT SLAVE MONETARY SYSTEM OF THE Foreign @federalreserve make our $$!
Maybe so Ben , but if it wasn't for Julian Assange people wouldn't know how corrupt the Washington swamp is , thanks to RINOS&Dems
Please quit being self serving and get behind your political party! Please remember what happened to Senator Nelson! Voted out!!
So you feel Julian is a traitor, yet our intelligence agencies spy on the American public at will. Please explain -
Another option: you reign in unaccountable agencies and defend the Constitution. @Wikileaks isn't needed if Congress does its job.
I forget that republicans like @SenSasse are 100% committed to nationalism and statism bc they speak about liberty so well sometimes
You and the rest of the scum in DC should be in orange jump-suits!
You should be wearing the orange jumpsuit for insulting him in such a manner. Assange's a hero of the truly free world.
you're wrong about this. You should rethink your position and get on the right side of history.
as a Johnnie: St. John's College ought to disown you for this.
why because he tells the truth and does not lie like all you politicians.
why ? All he did was tell us all your dirty, rotten, sinister secrets.
"truth is only treasonous in an Empire of Lies"
if you politicians don't start embracing truth, we'll be seeing revolutions before long. Your propaganda is failing.
LOL! The USA (with NATO) have killed 4 million people in the Middle East alone since 1990. You deserve enemies!!!!
Any Government employee breaking our laws and using tech against our people or our Country should spend the rest of their lives in #GTMO
@TGowdySC @GOP @realDonaldTrump Wikileaks has doc proof of wiretaps&criminal activity by CIA then ANYclaim of Russia hack or ties #Vault7
I don't trust Putin anymore than I trust, well you. Where's your evidence Assange is an agent of Putin?
your comments sound like anti-DJT rhetoric. In fact, it's obvious that it is. Why?
LOL....Amazing a senator who doesn't like sunlight....
you offer no proof and are advocating for the imprisonment of a legitimate journalist. How un American. Resign.
the USA supports Nazism, a fascist dictator in Ukraine, Isis & jihadi terrorists in Syria & you think PUTIN is a threat? What?
You should Champion Legislation to Legalize Reporting of Government Crimes! Prosecute criminals not Messengers! @ggreenwald
if you think Putin is a threat then you are indeed blinded by propaganda, lies and misinformation & you need to wake up
Playing judge & jury, I see. It's you & your lying, warmongering neo-con cronies "endangering..abetting..& stoking", not Assange.
no, Mr sasse, those guilty of the criminality Assange has exposed should go to jail. IE Clinton and
those in the CIA guilty of spying on the world's population& who make cyber attacks look as though it's Russia that did them.
you should be in prison for protecting the criminal organization known as the cia. You are an enemy of the American people period.
I welcome the fact that us citizens get to see what our elected employees are up to. From what I see, it's not good.
You couldn't be any more wrong. We should honor him with a medal and a statue. He's a hero.
As long as he is joined by the CIA and special ops murderers he exposed
Julian Assange is a hero!  Who are you?  If you want to identify our real enemy, it's Israel!
government logic: it's  ok for you to brake the law and violate the the constitution But Assange who told us this should be jailed
informing citizens of the crimes the US govt is committing against them is valuable journalism. Wiki, Snowden,Manning nt Russian.
If government employees weren't criminals, there would be nothing to leak. Ppl who aren't sociopaths have a conscience; you don't
read this closely bonehead. Quit your job you're part of the problem
afraid he will expose you and your kid diddling buddy dennis hastert? pizza or pasta, mr.senator?
you should spend the rest of your life in orange jumpsuit You're the threat to the People's freedom You support theft and violence
On what charge?  Publishing stuff?  Thought one of the early amendments covered that sort of thing.
if you are truly representative of the people, then you would have to support Assange. You're not. self-interested 2 self-preserve
Hey, isn't "enemy of the People" commie rhetoric?
Mr. Asse, you are a Russian spy, decrying Russia to protect your cover. ;-)
just a shill for the establishment... hide behind your finger all you want... your days at that job are numbered.
Maybe they'll drop some docs on the house page program you ran 4 Hastert
You are the worst... care to provide any actual evidence besides quoting yourself? No? What a joke...
hey sassy, i hope u made friends w cronies in DC cuz come midterms u wont have a job anymore 
So what you're telling me is: The CIA has dirt on you & you're compromised? You do realize he's just a journalist, right?
Julian Asssange is an AMERICAN HERO. Period. You, sir, are not.....
so you'd then agree to subjugate the entire media? Once you restrict one flow of information, you restrict all others.
You are a danger to children, apparently! Assange is a HERO ...you are a ZERO! #FreeAssange   http://www.dangerandplay.com/2016/05/11/senator-ben-sasse-how-i-ended-a-presidential-campaign-before-it-started/ …
please tell us another source that has never lied to the public? Politicians, MSM? Grow up and hide your secrets. FOOL!
 boo!  boo This man!
Ben Ben Ben, It's clear Julian Assange's fight is against government corruption. Name one person who's died. @JulianAssange_
if he's been around in he late 80s we'd probably have no Bush as president  with the cover ups there hidden from us. I.e:page boys
Need to clean up our own house first & jail those that have violated law + constitutional rights. #draintheswamp
You should shut up.... maybe he's got something on you that will send you in that very orange jumpsuit you're talking about.
Western politicians have done it themselves. At worst, Assange has tossed a match into an inferno.
Seems like u r believing own PR.But I guess it's a way 2 show ur constituents u r doing some work-even though u r misinformed
transparency = accountability...sorry, but for what it is worth, you are out of touch with those who are really seeing the obvious

I will not take fashion advice from the likes of Senator Sasse. #CIA #Vault7
http://www.sasse.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=B079EDA8-3475-4E64-882C-4946E14DAEAD … 
Not into a free press anymore?
No senator. You and most of Congress should be wearing orange jumpsuits. Corrupt fucking hack.
for excersising his first amendment right? Typical bureaucratic response - if it's against my government, call it illegal
touching wikileaks will be tge last straw for us. No more playing nice.
its time for the American ppl to take our county back and salvage whats left. Down with gov corruption now! Your days are numbered
you and your corrupt counterparts in our gov need the death penalty for treason. Non of you are fooling the us.
Then investigate all links to his sources, including Trump and associates. It's going to be a short Senate career, otherwise.
@JulianAssange information is not from Russia. Perhaps you'd be better off reading, rather than burning, the info.
do you have any proof that wikileaks is in bed with Putin. Or evidence? Y not a public trial as Julian has offered.
Senator, thank your lucky stars that @wikileaks exists. Without them, President Clinton would be giving you a very hard time.
He's a journalist. Politicians don't want to jail journalists unless they expose something they don't like.
He's an enemy of American tyranny; he is a HERO of the American PEOPLE, the American BILL OF RIGHTS and the American CONSTITUTION.
When Ben Sasse is the best Nebraska can do then I have to agree something funny is going on with our elected officials.
but it's fine for Trumpf to use unsecured Twitter and personal email account,endangering national security!  Hypocrite!
If you & the rest of our reps up there would do their jobs we wouldn't need an Assange. Until then we welcome Wikileaks!
I like the "crisis of confidence" part the best. Because when you've been conned, that's the kind of "crisis" that saves your ass.
I can think of several public officials who deserve that more than Julian Assange. Obama HRC Lynch BC McCain etc #Wikileaks
he is a world hero. The criminals are the ones behind the crimes he publishes
.@SenSasse
US government has committed more crimes and killings than Putin. Assange is not the American people's enemy, corruption is. #MAGA
You're bitter Trump is draining the swamp. #GetOverIt #MAGA
Draining the swamp by putting billionaires in his cabinet?     Ok.
You work for Americans and to make this statement, it is clear that you sir are one of the corrupt ones.
If elected people did your jobs and prosecuted corruption in WA we wouldnt have needed #WIKILEAKS to prove to us BHO HRC traitors!
in general, those who want to do harm to Assange are either war criminals or support war criminals.
No.
@denisesaturn Waste of funds, there are cheaper solutions
He is a hero
We are all tired of being spied on by our gvt.
Assange is enemy of corrupt US government not the American people, you and your colleagues are enemy of the people.
#NeverSasse
Agreed!  However, instead of tweeting, perhaps you should launch and spearhead a Congressional investigation into this matter.
plays the game in the swamp

When Whistleblowers Tell The Truth They're Traitors. 

When Government Lies It's Politics.
LOL
Then turn the screws on his buddy - ya know - the POTUS.
it's about much needed transparency. This country belongs to all of us, not just your donors.
Great, hand out more orange jumpsuits, @SenSasse, starting with @POTUS & @USAGSessions, who are also Putin allies & cause confidence crisis.
does cia have dirt on @SenSasse when they were spying? nothing to see here folks Assange should be locked up for informing people
What the cia has done is wrong your anger directed at Assange not people spying on Americans without warrants? who's side you on?
This is like punching the mailman in the face when he brings u a bill that alerts u  someone stole your credit card+ ur MAXED OUT!
SENATOR. THE ONLY THING THAT I HAVE SEEN ASSANGE MAKE PUBLIC IS TRUTH WHICH HAS BEEN KEPT FROM US! MEDIA & GOV SPIN!
So it's Julian Assange's fault that the CIA are a bunch of incompetent morons who cant secure their own hacking software?
Yes! Wiki-leaks has become an arm of the Russian government. It's also disgraceful that Trump supporters admire Assange.
What's happening in our country that citizens readily embrace Nationalism, Russia and a kleptocratic dictator as POTUS?
Don't be a cuck @SenSasse - start standing up for the American people, and stop running cover for the #deepstate
You belong in solitary
how is what he did different than Washington Post publishing pentagon papers or NYT publishing Trump taxes?
You know Russia is funding WikiLeaks when there is this kind of uproar. 
Man, you really got the Russian bots to come with this :-) Good job.
@JJohnson2u I could think of a host of others that should be joining him. investigate #russiagate  and #Trumprussia ties!!
Julian Assange has put the United States in grave danger. What he did is Act of War! Deserves nothing less than the death penalty.
Absolutely not!!!!!!
Publishing papers that one did not steal , but received from someone else doesn't  violate any current law .
Hope you aren't re-elected - you clearly don't know what you're talking about. Assange is a hero. Do u have something 2  hide?
If OUR government wasn't doing all this crooked shit to its own citizens Julian would not have to expose it .
make it happen
your  obviously part of the bigger issue. #draintheswamp
quit working for the Elite's, do your job. Your a public servant.
you guys are so worried about him because you're worried about being the ones in the orange jumpsuit
@NicolleDWallace I can't believe no one can get to him and bring him to justice! I cannot just believe it!
@JoosieLeaks what are you afraid of? Should whistleblowers be locked up? One big prison,  no freedom of speech?  What r u hiding?
.@sunnyallamerica @SenSasse You're entitled to your opinion as wrong ridiculous and preposterous as it is. What we expect it IS YOUR opinion
