This is such an annoying trope. Asking what a SCOTUS nominee thinks about past cases is not getting a "pledge to a certain outcome"
Isn't this (in part) because of the threat of getting borked?
I assume nominees/senators would speak more openly about past cases if there wasn't going to be a soundbite on MSNBC
"in Gorsuch's America, women/children will all die"
seems a bit less relevant though when everyone in the senate knows how they will vote
The whole process has become more politicized; I don't blame nominees for clinging to cover, even stupidly
Sure-but it's annoying for the hearings to be just sound and fury. The certainty that the process is politicized actually allows for honesty
you really think you are cool A good fit to do Trumps bidding. Remember you pulled one of the lowest moves in history with Garland
your line of question was by far the best. Insightful and informative.  Thank you, sir!  Virginia needs a Senator of your caliber.
I disagree, he should be asked and allowed to answer. You want to know if he is corruptible, don't you? Oh, I asked the wrong one.
I understand Al Franken not getting what a judge is but these lawyer-politicians not getting it or just playing politics? JustStop
exactly, the Dems want him to legislate the game
*pssst* let #Gorsuch have a turn talking. Please use this time to ask important questions and to press him to answer them.
you say a party line vote could be a disservice, damaging to the public? Tell me how blocking garland hearing fits the narrative?!
@beck_ann4
I am so confused. Why you did not take this perspective and position related to Garland? Seems very hypocritical and disingenuous
@DTrumplican awesome point senator!
@blackandgold43 no kidding. Thank you. Most of us wonder what the horse and pony show is all about. Politicians polishing up
I don't understand why you spent time judging and condemning questions asked by others.
I believe that they have reviewed his track record and maybe found him biased in favor of the big guy
Aww, you two! Just kiss already!
Mr. Sasse, the nominee was dodging and refusing to answer questions. Looks like a person who has something to hide.
excellent stuff. Thank you again for serving us.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. Finally a level head and common sense. You know NG is sitting there like, HELL YES, in his head.
Gorsuch hearing must be delayed until Trump/Russia investigation complete, especially in light of Nunes' remarks today.
great ball wash sesh. I must have missed when you made the same comments to Garland?
The Dems talk about Garland as much as Cubs fans talk about how great Mark Prior could have been had he not got hurt
We're not talking about an act of God. GOP stole the pick, now want to lecture on civics. It's nauseating.
If only Biden hadn't proposed that darn rule...
the topics Gorsuch dodged questions on:
• The Muslim ban
• Roe v. Wade
• Warrantless surveillance
• Money in politics
Not keen on the speechifying during hearings b/c purpose is to get to know the nominee, but I do appreciate this b/c morons.#donks
what do you think about judge merrick garland?
Bork.
Past rulings tell the tale: nominee serves big $$$, against ordinary citizens, all for corporations, cruel.
@Diannarinratmom some of these questions were beyond ridiculous
@Mattfobrien not really, more like asking "how do you feel about grabbing of the facemask"?
Yes, completely true.
golly gee willikers he is such a wholesome jurist that will uphold the "true" meaning of the Constitution.
@guypbenson best video from yesterday.  Feinstein and others just wanted him to say "I'll vote your way".  They made it political
Great analogy!
you need to start thinking beyond congress for your role in government
Your party is full of jackasses. The #SCOTUS is a joke. With this #StolenSeat, Nobody will ever take the #SCOTUS seriously again.
well said Senator.
@bschutt 1) I love Judge Gorusch. He's the smartest guy in the room. 2) Senator Sasse needs to be our next President.
Yes & yes.
dont know much about you but after watching this today, this MS girl will be following a Nebraska senator! Great job!
IOW, rigging the game. Something that current day Republicans know all about. #kremlingate #russiagate


What's wrong with asking an umpire if he'll follow the infield fly rule during the game? That's closer to the facts here. @SenSasse #SCOTUS
So true. Dems just keep making asses of themselves
Its more like asking a referee if he plans on calling traveling during the game and if he is biased to one of the teams.
@charlescwcooke Thank you, Senator Sasse. Absolutely right!
I'm mad because I called your office and for all your promotion of Gorsuch I got no answer to your knowledge of the judiciary
Thanks for doing a great job representing #Nebraska.  BTY this democrate voted for you, please remember us, too! #SCOTUSnominee
with 2 other originalists and a conservative that doesn't care, a Gorsuch vote could further taint 200+ yrs of jurisprudence
but no one confronted him on his originalism, just because he sides w/ the majority doesn't me he agrees for the same reason
Wondering if you can tell me why you’re okay moving forward with hearings on Gorsuch when you wouldn’t have hearings for Garland.
...I would really like a straight answer to that question also...#integrity
@guypbenson It's outta there!
@FritzSchemel, rulings are frequently purchased. Just ask the victims of corrupt courts in every single state, county, city...
Gop showed Zero respect for Garland but now dems should roll over backwards and smell their own butts for Gorsuch. Makes sense
Ugh. Get a room, you guys. How come Garland didn't get this sort of tongue bath?
@guypbenson couldn't believe they actually asked such questions!
@JasonVertin is Gorsuch a russian agent yet?
Nope. He is a terrible racist who forces his wife to make him a sandwich at gunpoint everyday though
@BenjaminColby that is just some straight !!!
actually, it's like getting confirmation from said ref that he knows what holding or pass interference actually is.  The rules.
Ben, I love you, but make sure you say the same thing when your party is in the minority.
Ben Sasse FTW...!!!! And he has a cool first name. #unitedwestand
Keep this up, Senator, and I'll respect you even more. 

(Seriously, please keep up the good work.)
TY Sen Sasse for having the integrity, wisdom, foresight&understanding to know this fundamental truth &to seek for its application
At least he got a hearing......
@guypbenson fine job today, sir.
your job as Senator has many facets; today you earned highest marks for civic instruction and fidelity to principle.
Well said senator. You seem to be bringing some sense back D.C.  #ThankYou
poor Merrick. He's The Little Engine that Could
@guypbenson You nailed it Senator.
6 minutes to ask a question. You're a clown who's way out of his league. NE & US deserve better
doesn't this analogy seem like a leap. Would it be wrong to confirm w the ref that he is not paid by big business for 1 team?
@JBaker31826004 Great job today Senator.  Can't say the same for everyone.
Always remember David Souter, he was supposed to be a homerun for conservatives and ended up voting with liberals, you never know
Love you, Senator, but no confirmation until Russia mess is resolved.
@guypbenson Ben Sasse 2024. I don't think America will wake up by 2020....
this is why he was chosen by pence and cruz and the religious right. you know it. also, the seat was stolen.
dems pick liberals and reps pick conservatives. Whats the issue?
@charlescwcooke EXACTLY! Why don't your colleagues understand that I wonder.
Is it right that you part of a confirmation hearing for man appointed by a president under FBI investigation?
Thank you!
Keep up the great work, Ben!
.@SenSasse  Listen peacock, wasting time with this judge. He has been nominated by Russian puppet, move on.
putin - the grand master of us all. Grow up.
.@bronxilla no. Not grand master of all, but clearly of Trump.
sure. So far no evidence. Putin must laugh at all the libs who think he owns Trump.
.@bronxilla  I doubt Putin cares about libs or conservatives. He does care about his investment. Doesn't matter to me how you see it.
what was his investment. You seem know more than US intel.
.@bronxilla Please. Now you're  just being silly. What did you make of FBI director words yesterday?
he said investigating. Nunes said no evidence.
No, some of those are "If a Duke player trips a Cornhusker, are you willing to call a foul?" Not "will you make Duke lose?" @SenSasse
The is in trouble w/ Citizens United and the corrupt GOP writing laws only to have conservative #SCOTUS interpret. Just foolish
You realize you just succinctly described how Obamacare was passed, right? Only, it was Dems doing it, so that's cool, right?
No...Do you know what Citizens United is?
Yep, both corps AND UNIONS have free speech rights, and therefore cannot be restricted on fundraising. Why is that a problem?
Read? It's about fundraising and corruption. Corporations and billionaires can fund in secret.The GOP works for Koch/Oil not you.
Straight up - most of the players on the field are play fast and loose with the rules, including the refs, to please the fans.
Yet asking the ref to confirm the rules is exactly right.  The problem is when folks want refs who use a different rule book.
Well said Keil.
And yet,Trump promised his nominees would overturn Roe v Wade. Nobody cares if that's possible,they just like hearing it.
It would be nice to know some basic beliefs. But the Democrats made that I'll advised since their unfair rejection of #RobertBork
nope
Nice job today.  Your views on civics training inspire me to ask what can I do?
you can ask the referee if the money is right baby #paymeBlaze
