...as was Garland
You've still given no cogent answer for why you refused to meet with or hold hearing for Merrick Garland....b/c there is no answer
So was Garland.  #countrybeforeparty
too bad WH caught up in reality ratings. Such delusion. Sad!!!
, seriously? Name calling? Try this instead: to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I look forward to you meeting him.
I realize you have to write these things to appeal to your "core" but contributing to the divide of America helps no one
what was wrong with Garland?
saw you on morning joe!  First person on the republican side that allowed me to breath in 3 weeks!  Thank you
Gorsuch is qualified but so was Judge Garland who you refused to consider. Our judiciary should be above partisan politics.
If this makes me Chicken Little, then that's Mr. Little to you Senator.
SHAME! "Chicken Littles" This nominee should have never happen! You are proud of stealing this position? Now call us names? SHAME!
name calling are we?  Trump has really changed you.  So much for #NeverTrump
so was Merrick Garland.  Let's wait and see what the voters want in 2020.
I don't think anyone denies he's well-qualified. The dispute is with his positions. That's fair ball. Obama avoided extremists.
And also: Garland.
Chicken little's really..After what you did to Judge Garland. Shame on you. You ppl in Congress are a bunch of spoiled brats.
why the name calling? I thought you were against that????
Avoid the name calling, especially if you have Presidential aspirations. You don't ever want to be accused of being another 45.
Why didn't you stand up for Merrick Garland? What's up with that fiction chicken little?
when are you going to wake up and become a serious conservative?  Trump has kept all of his promises so far.  Get off his back!
Do you remember Merrick Garland ? He is a good man too!  #StolenSeat #Stolenelection #cheatersandliars #nointegrity
We Remember.  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/24/us/politics/supreme-court-nomination-obama.html …
It would be nice to move on from such partisanship - current regime in WH makes that hard, no?
So was Merrick Garland. Remember what Republicans did to him. Now reap what u sowed. As the bible says
he needs to express his concerns about POTUS attacks publicly instead of whispering in your ear
see you said your a constitutional warrior. So how come you didn't advise and consent on Garland. Partisan politics comes first
Yeah, right and Gorsuch knows according to the Constitution that Garland's seat was stolen.
@ShoeKat insults just make clear that you know your hypocrisy is impossible to ignore.
Did you forget Merrick Garland? I sure didn't. No to Gorsuch.
I was about to applaud you for you stance on recent Trump tweets, but I now see you are just like him.  GOP is all alike.
as was Garland!
wow. Losing respect for you daily.
Me too Erin; esp since he is Presbyterian .. our faith started public education .. he voted against his faith for Trump
They all surrendered their right to call themselves "good Christians" when they signed on for this admin
Merrick Garland also supremely qualified.  Please stop the middle school taunts. We get enough from President Trump.
So why do you undermine @realDonaldTrump every chance you get? Is an "I" in your future?
"Chicken Littles?"  Disappointing. I don't agree w your politics, but have always respected your integrity.  Until now.
Wow.  Name calling? I thought you were a rising star in our party. DeVos, now this?  I hope you're just sleepy
chicken littles? Name of constituents is unbecoming Senator. Dissappointed.
Please don't act like the Republicans don't do the same thing. Let's all stop blaming "the other one" and get the job done.
Your WP quote: "Sasse said that Gorsuch told him “any attack on ... brothers or sisters of the robe is an attack on all judges.”"
what was wrong with #MerrickGarland not regressive enough for #Nebraska
First I want to hear his Constitut'l opinion on Senate refusing to act on SCt nom for10 months #MerrickGarland
he's said Garland should have gotten a hearing, Google is your friend
thank you. I want him to expound on it in a Senate hearing
you are shameful.  It's as if you believe the GOP will enjoy a majority forever.  Karma sir...karma
I won't be impressed unless he makes a public statement about POTUS attacks on judiciary
lol, I just complimented you then read "chicken littles"...crap, crap, crap..i been played again
saw your clip on Morning Joe and thought you seemed reasonable. Disappointed to see you resorting to name calling.
Excellent interview with Stephanopolis!  Proud to see alignment to our core values amidst POTUS chaos. Yes, Gorsuch-confirm.
this "chicken little" challenges you provide 1-item of hope for children w/ disabilities under IDEA under Devos.
this "chicken little" challenges you to provide 1-item of evidence that Betsy Devos understands one Best Practice in education.
this "chicken little" challenges you to provide one item of evidence you give a rip about US citizens healthcare. "Access"=Con
- this "chicken little" challenges you to provide evidence US will not engage another stupid war like Iraq that is still killing.
this "chicken little" challenges you to name 3-items of evidence that majority will not drive economy into the dirt - again ?
The fear he won't stand up to a tyrant like Trump creates fear. Trump is out of control.
ASK @SenSasse ONE URGENT QUESTION OF JUDGE @GorsuchFacts. WILL HE B ABLE 2TRULY UPHOLD CONSTITUTION ART 1 SECT9 CLS 8 w/CONSTITUTION CRISIS
So was Garland,

so was Garland. You're a hippo. BD qualified? You talk bigley...still a sheep.
Would like to hear what u have to say w/out the name calling. Drawing a line is identity politics,Chicken Littles other side?
what the hell is that supposed to mean? Are you a leader or a child?
Judge Merick Garland was a supremely qualified nominee. And he is still the only legitimate nominee for this seat.
In contrast, Betsy Devos and Jeff Sessions are not supremely qualified. Vote for what is right, not for what is Republican.
Merrick Garland was also supremely qualified. Name-calling your colleagues for doing exactly what you did is a new low for you.
Did you also offer Judge Merrick Garland the same opportunity?
At one time I thought you were a supremely qualified nominee, too.
He is one of the very few Trump nominees to anything that can be called "supremely qualified", I will grant you that!
The really sad irony in this statement is that you set the stage, by your refusal to even hold hearings on a candidate for a year.
Why would we even worry about "qualifications"?   That had nothing to do with #GOP blocking consideration of SCOTUS for a year
Are you inferring your behavior was ethical, in leaving the seat open for a year?  NOTHING to do with qualifications then!!
.@SenSasse #MerrickGarland,a supremely qualified nominee was blocked for almost a year by Chicken Littles on the other side. pot meet kettle
wow thanks for calling them names. I'm sure they appreciate it You should be ashamed. And BTW he's not qualified. Open your eyes.
chicken littles?!? I thought GOP was all about decorum... seems like pettiness is a catching disease...
way to respect people with opposite views!
yeah so was Merrick Garland....so who were the original toddlers?
Name calling is not very statesmen-like.
#MerrickGarland was supremely qualified too. #hypocrisy
Friends don't let friends be dicks.  This might be a good time to use your #PhoneAFriend.

#MerrickGarland
do you think he's as interested in destroying public schools as you are? You voted to confirm DeVos. That's indefensible.
@BenSasse Stop trying to be funny; you have no idea what DeVos did to children in Detroit who barely have a pot to piss in ..
LOL you are flushing any shot you had to be President down the toilet .. you are a follower of a Godless man  #BelieveMe
and Merrick Garland wasn't? Bok Bok
To the Chicke Littles on your side of aisle, so is Merrick Garland, as you well knew.
You should be more respectful to colleagues across the aisle.  They were treated poorly by Senate leadership. #MerrickGarland
Trump's penchant for insults infecting you, Senator?
chicken littles???? Unstatesmanlike, Sen Sasse. It is, however, politicianlike.
Judge Gorsuch is unquestionably qualified. Just like Garland. I respect you sir. Please justify.
Thnx for taking the high road, bra.
maybe if you hadn't spent so much political capital on DeVos, we'd listen.
so was garland. you're missing the point, senator.
Loved him on Dancing With The Stars. 
Did you vote to silence @SenWarren?
I'll never forget that you broke govt by not listening to Merrick Garland. @SenSasse 
You're anti-American and we shouldn't listen to u now.
Sen Sasse is part of the lazy Nebraska senate as long as him & senfisher votes against what Nebraska wants (1/2)
This grade-school taunting is what makes politics such a noxious vocation.
I wonder how many under 40 know the story of chicken little.  Guess another title for the best seller list. Like 1984.
Simply being a member of Federalist Society is proof of political bias not appropriate for Supreme Court. GOP  activist judges?
Just like Merrick Garland yet you couldn't even give the man a hearing and now demand respect for Gorsuch? Cool story bro.
.@SenSasse calling your colleagues chicken little isn't that same thing that got @SenWarren silenced?  #Shame #GOPSenate #Resist
I'm learning that Dr. Sasse is very selective when it comes to reasoning...no logic behind supporting DeVos either...it's very sad
so was the last nominee who never got a confirmation vote. Can you please explain the difference to me? #partypolitics
I'm a NYC Dem following you b/c you have a rep as a reasonable, bridges building guy. Name calling when you wouldn't see Garland?
Funny how over-the-top dramatic liberals become when they don't get their way. Also funny how they'll use Garland to justify it.
Pro corporate personhood is bad for every actual human person. He's disqualified.
were you ready for a serious conversation last February? Obstructionist. Hypocrite.
you supported the suppression of Sen Warrens free speech. Shame. That is unacceptable.
So was Garland.  If a nom can be held w/o hearing for 293 days pending election, twice that is also cool. Nuther election coming
and it's not fiction what happened with Merrick Garland. Be honest about THAT, and I'll respect you more. GOP bullies, then & now
...& now I see this comment. I was impressed with you, then you call people names, same stuff both sides are doing. This divides.
why did you vote for Devos?  Extremely disappointing.  There's no way you can think she's qualified
"Chicken Littles" = name calling, "so-called." "qualified nominee"  does NOT = DeVos so therefore does NOT = Gorsuch. Try again!
here is my answer; too many have died in defense of freedom to allow our form of government to be destroyed by an autocrat;
no, no, a thousand times no; those who enable tyranny besmirch their sacrifice! Men of any manhood need to fight to preserve
liberty!
fiction? In the Age of Trump? The Fake News President? That's rich.
huge supporter of u, but very disappointed as a college student in your vote 4 DeVos and didn't put our country over party loyalty
Name calling is beneath you. Merrick Garland was highly qualified and you didn't do YOUR job then!
.@SenSasse keep drinking the kool aid Ben...don't forget
GOP members all put party before country ALL THE TIME. Just look at their voting now. Im an Ind who voted both parties. NO LONGER
The sky fell almost a year ago when GOP senators refused hearing on Garland.
was Marritt Garland?
I liked ur words the other day.  I have no respect for name calling across aisle, though. I should know better about a GOP SEN
your party is despicable.  You will all be voted out when your terms are up.
To the obstructionist on the right, Merrick Garland is supremely qualified.  You guys changed the rules. 60 votes or no deal.
it is more important, than ever before in our history, to keep our judiciary branch separate from the others. Merrick Garland!
You know who else is a supremely qualified nominee? Merrick Garland. (Though I do give you props on the "supreme" turn of phrase.)
So is Merrick Garland and he was in line for the job before Gorsuch.  Even your kids know it's wrong to cut in line Ben
I'm on the other side of the aisle. Respectful, mature language might be in order here, given the seriousness of the appointment.
He is anti- friggin-birth control.  He is garbage and we will vote you out if you confirm him.
You've become a real jerk.Have some integrity for gosh sakes. If the other side are Chicken Littles, you're a weasel.
quit trying to impress trump with your insult slinging and be a professional. He's not someone you should aspire to be anyway
Great interview with Cavuto today. Thanks!
Showing your true colors. Name-calling constituents, and belittling the concerns of your fellow Nebraskans
But you stole the seat. Period.
are you joking? Serious conversation after no hearings and no vote for Garland. You usually aren't ridiculous.
And Garland wasn't? Great job committing ad hominem, some statesmen!
so was Merrick Garland. Didn't see you sticking up for him when your party railroaded him Senator.
they're not chicken littles. gorsuch hates disabled rights & women's rights. u almost had me, satan.
Where is your professionalism? Integrity? Taking a leaf out of Trumps book? You won't get far with that tactic. Grow up.
as was Garland. Those who live in glass houses Senator. You have zero moral high ground here. #stolenseat
Chicken Littles? Seriously?  If you are going to be insulting grow a pair and  choose a decent insult.
and DeVos is? Disappointed in your vote today.
We are looking to the likes of you to show the high way, not name call. Blanking Garland was disgraceful and deserves blow back
I hope he can handle serious conversation better than your pick Betsy.  #chickenlittlewho #wow
your reprehensible behavior re:garland + your unwillingness to vote against unqualified nominees=my lack of confidence in Repubs
So was Merrick Garland
Why are you two both hiding your teeth?
chicken littles? Looking in the mirror? Forgot Betsy already?
.@SenSasse I find it "sad and absurd" that you didn't give the same respect to Judge Garland.
Senator, Garland was/is supremely qualified. Your crew stonewalled the President and nominee for 10 months. Hypocrite?
have you spoken to #DeVos about how much money she is giving you? Perhaps you chatted with #Pruitt about destroying the earth?
It's ok to be your own man.
Remember when those "Chicken Littles" used to be called "your constituents"?

Didn't think so.
Merrick Garland
.@SenSasse you're so much better than to resort to name calling. Weak
with your educational pedigree, you should hold yourself to a higher standard than name calling.
He is qualified. The issue is his radical decisions related to his religious beliefs.
qualified? but not respectful of the law nor personal freedoms?
to the chicken little who sat back and ignored his constitutional duty to vote on Garland, your words on Gorsuch mean nothing
Labeling those with differing opinions does not bode well for unifying everyone.
what a disappointing & arrogant comment from someone that helped block a 'supremely qualified nominee' in Garland.  #hypocrite
@BenSasse Now that's a nice tie.
Senator people like you. No need to be a pretend tough guy and call democrats chicken littles. What about merrick?
Since we're discussing fiction, how about those qualifications DeVos brings to the table? Yet you voted for her. Disappointing
quit dodging the real issue w taunts. GOP stole this seat from a popularly elected president. Explain that to your kids. shameless
cool - hey, how did that hearing with Garland go?
you are correct. But DeVos was not. I hope you make it through the next election.But a vote for DeVos is a vote against children.
@patorrezlaw  he is of a profound judicial activist who has a stated desire to use the judiciary to advance a conservative agenda
Yeah, "smart" isn't the only qualification for #SCOTUS; judicial philosophy and independence matters. Or should.
nothing to do with chicken little... Garland. You are smart enough to understand what is going on so cut this out.
Hi, have you heard of a man named Merrick Garland?
Much like Merrick Garland, I presume.
Merrick Garland was a supremely qualified nominee.
Was Garland supremely qualified?
Agree Gorsuch has the right credentials.  So did Merrick Garland.  Not even a hearing.  Wrong.
100% confident that u r right.But so was Merrick Garland.This isn't about qualification.Partisan groupthink destroying country.
I'm so disappointed in this tweet.  I had such high hopes for you.  So much for debating ideas and not impugning character.
I appreciate you and your work. Be better than name calling.
, and merrick garland was unqualified?
not to derail… how do you feel about silencing the words of #CorettaScottKing in the Senate today?
Sorry. Must have accidentally followed you...You seem like an ass calling the opposition names while the nation falls apart. Sad
and yet still he is not Merrick Garland
what did you think of garland?
so was Garland.  You were. Chicken little too I assume? 
Name calling seems shallow and unhelpful
why do you belittle people?  We're your constituents. Are you interested in trying to find common ground or divide further?
The behavior of the Republican Senate with respect to Merrick Garland guarantees that Gorsuch's appointment is forever tainted. @SenSasse
