Lifelong Democrat strikes deal with other Democrats but a lifelong Republican is the RINO?
Who are obstructing the MAGA agenda?

Who can't get the R & R Ocare?

The lifelong RINOs.
The Democrats are the ones obstructing everything. A few RINOs in the Senate joined them on Obamacare, but Sasse wasn't one of them.
8 months and the GOP can't R & R Ocare, 

They run on this. 

They lied to you.
Lied? Locke her up? Mexico will pay for the wall when he is asking Congress to pay for it? The list is long.
Do you wanted that Trump locked his political opponents without the due process like a dictator or something?
Mexico will lose big NAFTA so they wil pay one way or another.
Actually 1st good thing he has done. Ben when will you learn the only way to pass anything is get Nancy involved.  GW knew this, Obama did 2
Yeah,...she's the answer to ALL our problemsBy the way,Need any ocean-front property from Ne?
Didn't say she's the answer but name me 1 bill conservative/liberal she's ever failed to pass I think she's got a little blackmail on all
But,you're probably right,she has not been around for 40 years 'cause she's just that smart
Ppl in 50 States all chose their Rep's..You were sent to DC to work w/ them. You can't get % of what you want. There's NO PERFECT BILL.
Sen. Sasse, I agree with you.  But why, then, didn't the Repubs in Congress support President Trump?
Get off your behinds and work for WeThePeople before your black op oligarchy is exposed. Time is ticking.
You know what’s really bad? #GrahamCassidy.
Lets see here. Pubs controlled the House and Senate for several years now. What exactly has the pubs done these past few years, oh yeah LIED
Quit bitching and get to work instead of grandstanding for votes. Don't care what party you are - get to work ! NOW !!!
Bipartisanship bad? Got it. You are all talk
FYI none of the suggestions were good.
@jaketapper The entire @GOP is bad. Your point?
Explain why this is your statement please.
yeah, because it's "compromise" and "doing the job you were voted in for" but we can't have that now, can we?
Maybe u and ur colleagues can pause ur book tours trashing him and offer up something else
So...its the price  the republipussies pay for being gutless cowards for 8yrs..its funny as hell
@jaketapper are your feelings hurt because Trump agreed with Democrats? Boohoo! Get over it and start working together!
what's bad is how worthless and over paid you and the GOP leadership is.
Did u not have ur chance? GOP WhiteHouse.  Control both houses?
Bad for republicans, yes. Good for Dems in 3 months.
Any Trump deal is bad knucklehead
Say more Senator. Use your words.
THEN GET OFF YOUR TAILS AND GET SOMETHING DONE ONCE AND FOR ALL OR YOU WILL BE GOING HOME FOR GOOD COME 2018! THIS IS ALL BS!!! :(
I don't like them being involved AT ALL..but GOP isn't getting things DONE! YOU guys needs to UNITE & SHOW US/TRUMP you CAN get agenda DONE!
Well, the simple math tells us all we need to know: Pelosi+Schumer+Trump=
GOP is anti Trump on his entire agenda. Ryan and McConnell are not needed
Good, its time to get work done since GOP .@SenateMajLdr  .@SpeakerRyan have refused to get things done in Congress cc .@RepMarkMeadows
lol.
#GOP is your agenda the same as @POTUS & the PEOPLE? Hardly.
Did you repeal/replace #OBAMACARE like you promised for 7 YEARS???
And not doing anything about the debt ceiling is worse.  So - what's your point other than you showing your ineptitude?
Bahahahhahah your dear leader conned you like he conned Trumpsters.  How does it feel?
Better than deal with all talk no action rino
Then do your job!!  Put up something better and help Potus!   The voters are watching.....
Bad for whom? 
Your re-election?
Oh, hell, he's from Nebraska so no worries. They (not me) always elect Repubs, his seat is secure to infinity.
isn't that funny? He just threw u guys rght under that bus to make a deal. Which is really no surprise, is it? There is no honor in his game
They threw Trump under the bus on ACA. In DC 30 years, GOP afraid to lead, Dems liars, hypocrites, who yell racist & do 0 for middle class
Then why won't you work with @POTUS? You are just as bad as any Democrat. I voted for you once but never again.
#neversasse 
#MAGA
Lol eli, isnt criminal menendez from nj, you wouldnt know a good senator if one were standing in front of you
where was you deal on this Sasse?
Because the made a 3 month extension deal on the debt ceiling. Wow ok maybe you should have done your job then!
The GOP was pushing for an 18 month extension
#GrahamCassidyBill is bad  BUT U DONT SEEMS 2 GIVE A RAT'S ASS IF ELDERLY & DISABLED CANT GET INSURANCE OR CHILDREN GET INS. SOME PROLIFER!!
Wanna explain why Ben? I would rather have a short term debt limit deal then the 18 mos you RINOs proposed
Way to give a thorough explanation...
You are complicit in keeping him in office. Do your job or STFU
Well ... actually ...
Can't wait 4 trump supporters to vote u out! Not my senator
I'll tell you what's bad:
But wait, Trump said he'd make the best deals. What gives?  We could have had @tedcruz or @RandPaul. Now Trumpers can Reap what they sew.
Well that's convincing. Very eloquent and insightful.
Well, don't just say what is bad, what is YOUR proposal?
Then you should have worked on a better deal instead of wasting time on your vacations.
Ok, so what do you do when u know @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr and most @SenateGOP r undermining him and trying to destroy him!
Regardless, that they r going against their constituents needs and know they will lose control of Senate n  House!  @POTUS fire @ElaineChao
"We the people" who love our country totally support you and have the confidence that you r fighting for us and we now know it is a war
Between the people who love our country and the evil antiAmerican people who want to destroy our country and @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr also
As opposed to every Ryan-McConnell-Trump gem?
The pendulum will always swing both ways. Stings when you're in its path, huh? Boo-f*cking-hoo. #StandwithPP #ERA #SaveOurDemocracy #Resist
The GOP would raise the debt ceiling anyway.
Can you explain rather than using Trumpspeak with poor word choice, such as "bad?"
Says a member of the do nothing senate. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You know what opinions are like. Not everyone is a winner on the hill. Head down move forward.
With all due respect,you and your friends have opted out of doing what the people wanted, hoped for-all bc of animosity toward Trump 1/?
Please just do your job. Try to contain your contempt and remember for whom you work. Hint: It's not yourself, not even the President.
Golly gee, Senator, maybe you and the rest of the Republican caucus should get it together and stop being nancies about everything.
At least he got something done! Repub congress can't say that about anything.
The names Pelosi-Schumer kind of give that away.  Anything with their names attached cannot be good.
And your fix is so top secret. Even you don’t know what it is.
Yes is bad.  It is your fault that your HATE is stronger than your love of country.  START WORKING WITH THE PRESIDENT or fear unemployment
We need to tell that to the president; don't vote on DACA
At least its a DEAL! Repubs have been promising to repeal for YEARS and they CHOKED. We have NO faith in you, only in @POTUS.
The #CassidyGraham  bill is worse. Vote NO. #Nebraska This is not better health care, this is less and it hurts people who are actually ill.
Oh shut up..you are part of the sewer establishment republicans.  Can behind trump or get fired!!
I know it's been a while, but compromise (including across the aisle!) is supposed to be part of the game.
that was before Clinton, after that it has been a mess
You mean Gingrich, right?
well I wasn't but now that you mention it, yeah totally
Ya think it's time to actually work instead of stealing taxpayers money for 2 days a month?
Time to drain the whole congress
Well how can you compare when you Sen Sasse have done NOTHING ! So I can say it's bad when you can produce anything.
Than offer a BETTER one
Just DO something 
Stopped donating to GOP till u act on something
You 'establishment' ppl force the mans' hand. You do nothing but impede on his/our Presidency. I got news for you establishment ppl.ure done
Yes but you clowns produced nothing
he got the Republican Flu, what do you want...
A deal is better than NO deal. RINOs are obstructing our Prez when they have the power to govern.
On the contrary, no deal is better than a bad deal...
COMPLETELY AGREE!!!!
What U don't like Senator is that Ur Party is divided i.e. couldn't repeal Obamacare and @POTUS cudnt wailt 4 Cons/Mods 2 agree on a bill
What's the problem RINO? It's less work for you to do and you're all about not doing any work.
What's your plan?
Maybe their parents should have made them be more responsible when they were younger 
A little less hyperbole, please.
As was the McCain-Murkowski-Collins deal.
...for the GOP...
Work w/Our President!! I'm life Republican you will not get my vote! It's time to work for who elected you!
Maybe if your own party actually worked on policy instead of political fear mongering, you would have a better deal. #exposedparty
How so?  And be specific.  We've got time.
Yep.  Still waiting senator.
Stop whining!The Rs had 8 mths to get something done & nothing!I blame Rs for this move.The people gave you power & you did nothing with it.
why?
Then get off you silly asses and get it done right. You guys would screw up a one car funeral! You better smarten up or u will be voted out
You got played playaaaaaa
Sad trombone.
I don't think so - I'm starting to smile for the first time in months.
Oh really? Where is your alternative?
This from a member of the Senate who couldn't persuade the majority to R&R Ocare? Rich. The party of stupid. Get ready for minority status.
I agree but that's what happens when you have the two leading swamp members against Pres Trump get them out it will happen again
The financial market liked the deal in the US and worldwide markets will advance tonight. That's good for everyone Ben so go back to sleep.
U need to be agree being a rhino  

Do ur job n work w/potus and wouldn't have to!! All bitchin and no action!!
Awwww. Your just jealous.
How dumb are the dems in openly dealing with 45 for aid relief when @GOP wasn't fully backing it? To look nice? Big gov. spending dumb dems
Donald Trump is bad & senators who talk a lot about morals & decency & responsibility & maturity & then do nothing to curb him are worse js
What is your reasoning?  Do you think Mr P has lost faith in the caucus?
Lol, right, it's all been working like a well-oiled machine up to
Careful Ben you don't want to get your President mad at you now door?
Then get to work and do something!
Must be kickass then.
And you are worse.
Trump to GOP "Act" otherwise deals with Dems.
Why? You had sufficient characters to outline a fact-based contrary argument. Pelosi-boogeyman drool is an unbecoming intellectual failure.
Yeah well, what have you Republicans done?  Yes I am in Nebraska & you all should be ashamed!
He's your President.
Trump got everything he needed/wanted. What did dems get? OC payments, nope.DACA, nope. Not good for Dems here.
Why because you weren't invited?
complaining about it is not helping. try working with trump instead of opposing him
Actually @SenSasse they all decided that they needed another 3 months to save their jobs and boost ratings.
Because your "I'm a RINO" is being exposed?
Trump caved.  The progressives are winning at driving us into financial collapse.
bad thing? bad!
don't get it, can't defeat trumpism without working across the aisle even if not perfect isn't this a step forward.  #theenemyofgoodisbetter
This is the kind of in-depth policy knowledge I expect from my elected representatives! Bad, huh?
Your eloquence is lacking as is your judgement.
You get what you pay for... Let me rephrase your tweet, and you know it's true. You meant to tweet, Trump is bad.
Hmm...
you'd prefer the gov't shut down dealing with Harvey, Irma, and possibly Jose?  Or are you confident Congress could actually pass alt.'s
You might not like it, but at least it wasn't a huge fight..... GOP can't seem to get their shit together
I love all the deep insight as to why
Maybe you should go back to sanctimonious scolding us all on our lack of values while hurting poor people with your votes.
Dry your eyes
Well played Trump..well played the Republicans haha . Now you lazy Republicans get on your jobs or the Dems will take you out
Explain, then.
Great speech sir
Very bad for the GOP, very good for America. The GOP had 8 yrs to get it together, but wasted it on being the party of NO. Get over it buddy
We're in the eye of the ratio right now
... for you.
Says Sasshole, who has obstructed everything.

Useless pol.
I love Trump using the Dems against the R's.
Says you. Your leader, the great negotiator, doesn't think so. LOL
so it's good
@jaketapper chump
So where is the GOP? The WH, the House & the Senate and the GOP still can't get the job done. American ppl have lost patiences!
GOP did it to themselves
"Bad".  Wow, what a brilliantly detailed analysis.  So helpful!
Senator you are the last one to talk you have one of the poorest legislative records. Seems to me that you are warming the seat.
Hey, here's an idea. Put something together that might be better and sell it to the rest of congress. No time to whine now!
Baa-aa-aaa-ad.  #FourLegsGoodTwoLegsBetter
Trump is bad.   Everyone else is trying to manage.   There is something you can do to remove someone unfit to lead.
Trump should announce that if the Republicans on Capitol Hill want him to quit cutting deals with Pelosi & Schumer, they need new leadership
 How's your Republican King doing now?
Sassa I would never vote for you that's because you're on the opposite side of our president and to think I'm a Christian
y dont u explain why its bad, instead of just saying stupid things
Not as bad as the Ryan-McConnell-Trump deal would have been.
Senator, now you sound like the President: "bad". Be a leader and explain in detail why you oppose.

There really is one for everything
Much words. Good talk. You "academic Republican." Wink hard.
Yep. Just like Ryan was a 'numbers wonk'.
Pleeeeze.
Trump did warn us that he'd 'change quite rapidly'. I'm not surprised.
Democrat trifecta

You voted for the ObamaCare repeal that would have been a disaster so maybe you should grow a spine and tell Trump this to his face
Ben has no spine and no balls!  He is just a little windbag with oversized Chiclets.
Lord, that's hash,
Please elaborate or your 'this is bad' statement, in isolation, sounds rather like a Trump tweet.
I personally could care less who my President makes deal with, I trust he will have the American people in mind,Congress is broken not Trump
I love this. Maybe The despicable GOP will wake up & realize that enabling Trump will have consequences you can't begin to realize. GoCHUCK!
Never-Trumper hates cooperation. What a news wire moment.
I like the part where Trump is sticking it to the dems.
Well, in fairness, he did that when he was elected.
That's the important part. The next few years of a democrat president is of less interest.
It's either that or absolutely nothing gets done.  You should all be voted out before your approval rating hits negative numbers.
Plz explain why it's bad.
WHY!!!   Is it troubling, concerning, or very concerning.
@JonahNRO Mmmkayyy???
So impeach him then!
Explain why it's bad
Makes ben sad
Show us your brilliant plan Ben. Waiting................................
Oh looky, you got @GlennThrush the reporter liking your post. Makes sense. All good friends.

If you and your posse are against it, I'm all for it. #MAGA
And your alternative was...? 

Speaking of little boys, this cat, I swear to god.
Your personal twitter doesn't say that...so who writes for this acct? Hmmm
bad for whom, @SenSasse, and why?
You're still supporting Trumpy crimes earnest phony Ben?
If u are saying it's bad, it must be good.
That's hard for me to admit, because I hate that man and all he represents. Feel the same about u
My, how articulate! Bad for what? Hurricane victims? Isn't there a football game you need to go and tweet about?
What about the Trump-GOP Ocare repeal deal? Oh that's right! GOP failed! What about in Sept.? That's right you're only working 12 days! FAIL
The Republicans failure to accomplish anything, means that you need to make a deal with the devil.  Don't like it, work with not against
Haven't heard you say a word about Debbie Wasserman scandal,DOJ tarmac emails,etc. You never defend the President.
At least they got something done...unlike you republicans
Shaddup Nerd
@RyanLizza ha ha
Well he could not depend on you Repubs.....only a matter of time he did this.
Not fond of either of those Dems but GOP did this to themselves. Get your act together or @POTUS  will do more of this!  @SpecialReport
Fucker's not the head of MY party, Ben.
that fits on a bumper sticker. Congratulations Einstein!
It's not good or bad, it's nothing. Nothing is gettin done and nothing will get done and 4 years from now we will undo everything again.
Suck it up
