Tired of comedians getting a pass. YOU laughed. America has eyes. YOU speak for the people. You should've disavowed IMMEDIATELY. #BillMaher

Is #neverfunny
I agree w/you Rep...we need to get rid of Obama care all together. Keep trying,  you're a Husker,where the 4qtr. Is ours.
This is real. And not funny. It's. Not. Funny.
You are emblematic of everything that's wrong with republicans today. Why wouldn't you call @billmaher out? What the hell is your problem!?
Funny
You'd have been more righteous to lend your prestige to Colorado marijuana growers. Hemp is an actual net good in the world. This is poison.
Don't forget to make family time @BenSasse
No blacks here, guess they're all house nigg*rs.
Call anti Trump Senators Congressional offices. Tell them to support our POTUS or we will vote them out in primaries in 2018.
Just saw you on CNN, I can not wait to vote against you in 2018! Sincerely, Nebraska
We are sick and tired of you.  You're a traitor. Always bashing @realDonaldTrump  then you go on Maher Show?
Senator. Your interview and laughter about racism is the literal view of racism.
#dumpsterfire

Horrifying-
Senatore Sasse, here's a new Tribute: Invented-in-Nebraska, 90-Year Old Iconic American Brand from the Heartland:
Speaking of sugar, a self employed fellow I know with Type 1 is wondering how the AHCA will affect his current coverage. Can you illuminate?
Not impressed. Shame on you!
You seemed like a nice, normal guy on Bill Maher. Now it's time to get truly educated on climate change. You owe it to those kids of yours.
Just so you know climate is not weather. Solar flares, radiation streams, do far more harm to our climate. That is fact
.@SenSasse Please work to end federal sugar subsidies - corporate welfare at its worst. Bad for our health, bad for our budget.
Be a man and come out of your hole #denounce #bigotry and #racism ! you haven't said anything about what @billmaher said !????
This guys thinks this is

We'll just have to make sure another REAL Conservative gets elected and takes your seat.  You either support @POTUS  or GET OUT!
How come @BenSasse can make a hairnet & a hardhat look cool, while Jared Kushner manages to make a flak jacket look dorky.
Your the author of a "VALUES BOOK" You are a #DUMPSTERFIRE
You are a democrat in republicans clothing.The people that elected will be voting you out. You need to back POTUS, asap.
#SICKSASSES's
You should resign after laughing when @billmaher used the #N word ! What did you mean by the #field and do you have #N on your #field !
Ur DISASTER
#RESIGN.  We dont need your kinds telling the inner cities what right and wrong.
@SenSasse telling us to live life like him. When what we are saying is bro-- we aren't you. For ex: We dont laugh and accept the racism. eva
#BoycottSasse
N word is never "OK" You need to step out and say it. No where in your feed does it day anything.
Oh man. We love this kind of stuff. We are tour geeks to be sure.
Family outing Ben. But which one is you!
Ben. No apology? For laughing at n word? Sad.
Your a sick man sasse. Sick. Racism and slavery is never funny

Resign.
You quickly jump to criticize and shame our President yet you laughed when Bill Maher used a racist term. Hypocrite.
SHAME ON YOU. Your righteousness is really hypocritical.
You got played for a fool by even appearing on @billmaher 's show. You laughed when he used the "N" Word. You're a Never-Trump fool.
Any viable proof other than your asinine and totally baseless assumption?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/02/federal-agencies-oversight-requests-democrats-white-house-239034 …. If you live America, this will worry you.
What am I missing
Are you racist on this account too.
Nice for sugar beets if not diabetic, but why then go on the Bill Maher Show?He is gross and you are a clean cut kid. Do not be used.
Please leave the GOP ..you run off to the left for validation and now laugh at mahers racist comments you know he'll get away with
come to the Coral Reef of Australia and Glaciers in NZ to see climate change happening, visit South Pole!  Bring your kids before its gone!
WE SAW YOU APPEAR ON BILL MAHER A VILE MAN CALLS WOMEN THAT WORD WITH A C HE IS LOW LIFE  CHARACTER YOU ON THERE WAS DISSAPOINTING SHAME ONU
How about the #ParisAccord? Recital tweets are cute, but the last reality star elected to a higher office is a mess. You'll need substance.
@billmaher calls himself a house N and you laugh?  This is not going to end well for either of you!
Is this stupid (not funny)comedians week and know one told me?
Saw you on Bill Maher. Big fan!!
Well that was awful sweet of them!
When are you officially changing parties?
Poison
Ask them what sea level rise will do to their suppliers!
Next up Ogallala Bay Rum Toiletry Co. The only splash you'll ever need after a good wet shave.
Sugar is bad for you.
So are republicans
and democrats. What's your point? I was talking about SUGAR
