Watch please.  Consumers must keep the right to sue and join class action suits against financial institutions.
Equifax proves why we must protect your right to join class actions. 
You should and the rest of the do nothing Rhino's should do your freaking job, no healthcare,  no nothing.yoh need to go!
@SenSasse - reminder 4 #Posterity

At any time since 1/20/17 U cld have voted w/@SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC 4 #SelectCommittee
Here's former Republican Senator #BobGraham saying you need to do more on #tRUMPrussia @SenSasse
can I ask why it is so bad to look at democratic spending priorities?  Aren't we all Americans?  Why continue to push us vs. them so hard?
Can I ask what is so good about those priorities? Are they appropriate for the federal government? Are they sound?
You mean raising the debt ceiling or funding hurricane relief?  I would say those are good things to do.
So I guess it would be the debt discussion that should be done separately, Sherlock.
Ah...ok...so it isn't the result more the method of accomplishment? You think ultimately the debt ceiling doesn't get raised either way?
Sure. Screw it all then. The ends justify the means. You sounds like an Obama fan. Just lie about it, and get it done, no matter the cost.
Question: At what point does FEMA pumping tax dollars into disaster relief start looking like #SinglePayerFloodInsurance?
Insurance assesses risk & assigns price to ensure risk is covered. FEMA just dumps money into recovery even where risk is absurdly high.
Ultimately, rebuilding in absurdly risky locations is like giving welfare to unwed mothers without expecting any behavioral changes.
Welcome to Jeff Flakeville. Population: Him and YOU. When are u up for reelection? You've been flagged. We already have a McCain.
This requires much more explanation & evidence in the case of #PuertoRico.  Was yr vote a stand against Zinke's friends at #WhiteFishEnergy?
There's is no "leadership" with the Republicans. You all are a disgrace. Go nuclear or go home. 
DTS.Term Limits, Tax Reform, Repeal-Replace
SO your issue is keeping the government funded?  Nope, that's not an adequate explanation of your grandstanding
Dont forget Puerto Rico.
We who voted for Trump are Trumplicans not Republican as soon as you learn that the better off you will be
I agree so does @POTUS but GOP not taking leadership role!  Can you please speak with them to do their jobs we have had enough liberalism.
@MeghanMcCain
The diff between TARP And Harvey/Irma bailouts?
(R) bitched at the man-made disaster & failed to financially plan for nature's
https://twitter.com/oz62/status/906360265473753088 …
What about the #JonesAct and #PuertoRico. This isn't a photo op - when are you going to help. #NebraskaforPR #Ricanstruction
America gives you the vote of NON CONFIDENCE. We don't Trust You. There are maybe only VERY FEW good men in GOP and you ain't among them.
Nothing has been done for middle class. Do what you've been asked to do
Well what are YOU going to do about it? It's your job, you ran and were elected. Stop telling us and DO SOMETHING!! We're tired of rhetoric
Absolutely, the hurricane relief needs to be separate. #GOP support!
Remember Sandy.
GOP says Government is the problem and never the solution ....until THEY need Government $.
Blah,blah,blah:/
Senator Thank you for helping our country Puerto Rico USA. But your input on The Jones Act And The Debt Crisis
So many thing you should be focused on rather rhan complaints ab the ones u lost.
https://twitter.com/oz62/status/906546221711544321 …
https://twitter.com/oz62/status/906360786691526657 …
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! !
Lol. Now Trump is part of the swamp? Good hell. Make up your minds.
You realize Sasse opposed Trump all along, right?
I could go the rest of my life without hearing the words swamp, deep state, cosmopolitan bias, etc. No politician has the right.
I see better where you're coming from, and you have a point, although I'm not sure I agree entirely.
And to you and @SenateMajLdr who is watching now: YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED BY @POTUS: Act or we will turn for help to Democrats. U OWN UR DEFEAT
Chuck Schummer had the guts to work and ACT on issues with @POTUS, you, are just a fence barker.
The Disaster Relief was due last week. If we would be up to the Republicans, would take MONTHS if ever. You are all talk and no walk.
Another "GOP" led effort for legislation would have failed as usual by the looks of it. Don't whine for Dems and Trump DOING something.
YOU SOUND LIKE TED CRUZ!!!!!!
THIS ISN'T TRUE
YOU VOTED NO FOR DISASTER RELIEF - WHAT IF IT IS OUR STATE NEXT??!!!!!
Now this makes sense.
So it's ok only if you are a republican.
When will u and your ideologue buddies realize that promising results is not attaining results. Conservative non-actionists!
Oh??? Now Ben Sasse wants to do something other than attack Pres. Trump. Shouldn't you just get back to tearing the party apart?
Hey Ben. About these terrible weather events. Do they have anything to  do with scripture since you've dissed global warming theories?
Senator, imperfectly funding American needs is valid governance. Selfish ideological Republican obstruction is not. Put U.S. ahead of party.
Where's the bill?
Please stop with the Us vs Them and the name calling. Can't Congress see it is time for U to work together for . America needs unity.
The swamp will be drained 2018.
Perhaps the @GOP needs some training on bipartisanship!! Call @Christopher Shaye! He could teach you egotistical butts something!!
How does it feel to get played?
This is where you finally make your "principled" stand?  C'mon, man.
Ben's Asse 
Went down in flames!
Same goes for security.  We should fund protection of vulnerable sites.  We shouldn't spend security $ on bridges to nowhere.
Nope don't think soooo..
We don't need your obstructionist attitude.  I sent Trump to the WH to shake it up.  Time to work for the American people. #MAGA
Thank you!  
Pls don't insult @SenSchumer.He's a gd senator, as are you.Repblicns don't have their act togethr, not acting for ppl.Don't make ppl wait.
How sad is America.  I despise the whole lot of you.  you all need to check your egos
Ben I agree,separate the two bills.With R majority how to do http://it.You 'll  be a good Sen for yrs to come,don't be partisan
We have enough waste in federal spending without exploiting hurricane victims. Plus, the private sector does a better job amyway.
But you will.  Because the swamp will stick wasteful pork on anything.
I'm thinking of a Chinese curse...
Go Away
Mixed feelings on Fed disaster relief...free pass for the states in not applying the rigor needed to plan for these disastrous events.
I'm confused as to why you're blaming Chuck Schumer.
As one who lives in the TX, where devastation is prevalent, TX just needs help.
Voting yes today would have helped Harvey victims now. You're an incompetent and hateful person.
Why do Republicans have such an issue with paying the bills, most of which are of their own making? Mystifying.
Glad to see Dems & @POTUS took  action to help those affected by Harvey. GOP - ineffectual & unable to do the job they were elected to do.
@BenSasse  = partisan politics player
So it didn't work, did it?
Why can't Congress get its act together?  Stop the name calling.  Grow up.  Legislate for all Americans. Maybe other side has good ideas too
you should get together with @SenJohnMcCain
Yep, with you 110% on this one!
I urge you to sponsor and pass the bipartisan Dream Act of 2017.
@BenSasse Maybe Pres Trump would care what you have to say if you hadn't spent a year calling him scum.
Dipfuck, the world and its events...the USA and its events don't revolve around you and your personal deep-seated insecurities.
If ya boys would quit working against potus this wouldn't happen but I hope he keeps doing it until Ryan and MM quits playing games
Sure 45 is has issues - but give him legislation & he'll sign.  You are incapable though, why?
7.5 yrs to fix Obamacare and when you have a chance to change you fail - not 45s fault - yours!
Oh right, Trump's gravest sin is making a deal w/ dems. You clearly haven't been paying attention since election day.
You are a smug, sanctimonious hypocrite. Remember how you held Merrick Garland's nomination hostage last year? I do.
Through your words & actions you've undermined 45.  Why trust you to back him?
What politicians refuse 2 understand..vast majority Americans aren't die-hard party ppl. We want a gov't that makes r lives better. Period.
Hurricanes are a disaster.  Also not having health care because of evil insurance companies is a disaster. Why differentiate?
But GOP always willing 2 spend middle-class $$ 2 give those wealthy ppl/corps the breaks they so desperately need.  Try bipartisanship once.
#Hurricane Sandy
That would be Chris Christie
One appropriation item per vote. Everything done on merit. No more of the BS pork deals that have been getting done for years.
Heres the thing people.....thats what politicians do its called pork belly and hes got a lot to hide.   Remember what I said.
Thank you @SenSasse
You obviously dont know Trump...hes frugle...knows where the dime goes. Fool!
Here's another senator's statement from today.  Thoughts?
Sen. Chris Coons, D-Delaware, sends out statute regarding false statements to Congress after Trump Jr interview with Senate staff: 
The debt ceiling is other money?
Says the guy from Nebraska, in the middle of the friggin country. Please go visit Houston & Fla. then decide what is right thing to do.
Says this lady who has lived in H-Town 40+ yrs & is in the middle of Harvey, the US Gov't as charity & insurer is unconstitutional.
I'm all for a "clean" disaster relief bill.  I'm also for a CLEAN #DACA bill not attached to funding for a wall that we do not need.
Strike-out
Someone is upset something finally got done in congress. 
He's also mad because we didn't shut down the government.
#whineylittlebitch
Amen! This is just so deceitful and shameful.
I'm good with that if you attach a CLEAN Dream Act to Harvey Relief.  Both are urgent humanitarian crises @LIndseyGrahamSC
Whay must you say "art of the steal" and "taking hostage" stop! Stop talking like a reality star and just talk like a responsible adult!
How clean, Senator? Any scent of a border wall in there?
2/2 if your referring to his comment on attaching it as a rider IF NECESSARY  then listen to his whole statement
What are you talking about?  @SenSchumer  said he wanted a clean relief bill and he wouldn't stand for the GOP to tag on Trumps wall
disappointed to find out the house had a clean bill but not the senate. Trump, Schumer, and 80 senators.  Who's idea was this?
Go Kathy, go Kathy!!
By the way, let's see how you vote if some UGE tornadoes devastate Nebraska and it needs some disaster aid.
I can't find the tallies, did @SenSasse vote against hurricane relief?
Move the ball Senator. Now we know it can move without Republican support. Change how Washington operates. Find common ground & move with it
What goes around, comes around.
NEED Debt Ceiling hiked asap to cover new Disaster Relief & earlier obligations.

#CannotWin

TIME for the Moderates (adults) now!

@reuters
Clearly, you don't believe in bipartisanship. You ARE the part of the problem.
Yes sir. As a concern Floridian, I think that's a great idea. Concerned but not panicked. Preparing as best I can.
If you guys would get off your hands and do what you're elected to do, working with the Dems wouldn't be necessary.
Can you explain how he held anything hostage when your party controls both houses, as well as the executive branch?
Unmitigated incompetence meeting problems that are not optional to solve.
Okay, but only if Chuck and Nancy say you can.
nah
But, what about the party of smaller government and "what about meeee?"
Is your printer running out of ink?
Don't disagree but don't be naive and say the funding would have went through if Pres. Trump wouldn't have done this deal.
turtle man @SenateMajLdr isn't going to like this. You both are too late now to disavow your great, lying orange leader. @realDonaldTrump
Amen! Stop playing politics with these Disasters! #HurricaneRelief needs to Stay Clean & Simple! #Congress
But the orange pathological liar already agreed

We should fund emergency hurricane relief. We shouldn't spend other $ pretending it's emergency hurricane relief. https://www.sasse.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=CBF86B9F-507D-4147-9053-090EBE5AB2B5 … 
RINO watch
Sounding a little political and snippy yourself, Senator.  Cheap insults don't become you.
By the time dems get through adding to it Houston will be up and running.
If the GOP had all 100 seats in the Senate and all 435 seats in the House you incompetent do nothing assholes still could not pass bills.
Agreed, but Need to pass a permanent injunction on tacking other spending to bills.
You do realize Trump was the one who said yes eagerly and bipartisanship is not a horrible thing
You're finally upset after all Trump has done working with the Democrats horrible everything else was okay
What are you going to do about back stabber McCain. Rep look like fools and McCain is the biggest fool. Trump is doing the right thing.
If the Rep wanted to really show leadership, take McCain off every committee and leadership position. He betrayed us with obamacare
Rep congress look like fools. Totally incompetent.  Trump wants to get things done with or without Rep.
I am a Rep. so pissed off at Rep. for getting nothing done. Totally support Trump going to Dems  because Rep have their head up their butt
Ben Sasse is finally both correct on an issue AND willing to act on it. What courage you've shown, at long last.
So totally agree.  Every bill should be single-issue and come with an expiration date!
I wish Omnibus ' should not be a thing
100% agree. Why is it so hard to pass a clean bill? No pork, no earmarks, just money for hurricane relief.
Why do you condemn Schumer and not Trump? Takes two to make a deal.
I have a question.  Why didn't you do this before?
Sucks when the strategy comes full circle doesn't it. Hypocrisy of McConnell and Ryan (let alone Trump) is nauseating! Taste of own medicine
It's time to play like Dems.Start shaming people,publicly and often.I'm a middle of the road R on most things,and I'm sick of this
It's you Reps who will not support our Pres therefore he did what he needed to for the People.Maybe if you all get to work he won't need Dem
Thank you, Senator Sasse.  A bill should pass on its own merit, not by using crisis relief to shove it through.
aw so looks like you are using a storm for "politics"
Are you afraid of being called a RINO by the fringe right for working with Democrat _COLLEAGUES_?
No I think he just hates Democrats that much
Pass a clean DREAM act also, please.
Republicans like Ben wanted to kick the debt ceiling issue past the 2018 midterms, and now they can't. Sucks they actually have to work now.
...and now from the Koch Korner, comes Sanctimonious @BenSasse!!!  Hooray!!
Minimize pork as best you can and find consensus.  Don't let perfect be the enemy of good.
Thanks Senator! Thanking God for you!!
Congratulations @SenSasse, you actually have something useful.
Doubtful you'll fight for it though. @alexconserv
The nation needs to pay its bills, and on time.  Do. It. NOW.

(you disappoint me as I once thought you were one of the smart ones)
Incredibly misleading. Ryan and McConnell were pushing for an 18-month debt ceiling delay until Trump undercut them.
For you to smear Senator Schumer by accusing him of theft is dishonorable.
Pathetic how you get more upset about a deal w Democrats than racism, sexism, Russian interference, etc. Shame on you.
Ben's Asse
Oh, I see, This is all Schumer's fault...Trump had nothing to do with it. 
You sir, are an enabler of President Loco
Agree. I am so sick if the b.s.
What about all the millions that are being donated? How is that money dispersed?
But that is what this universally hated congress is best at! Knowing the right thing to do while acting wrongly.
Good for you Ben..National Security and Relief for our citizens should be free of the petty politics we see every day..
Force them to vote on it
How about taxing those with means to pay for infrastructure so these emergency fund bills aren't necessary. Oh I forgot, you're a republican
If you're really in favor of personal responsibility and pulling up by the bootstraps, why fund Hurricane relief at all?
We should set aside a special class of political decisions as outside the realm of politics? How's that work?
Question to humbly consider: Do cute punny attacks help you mitigate those particular divisions in Congress that are unnecessary? @BenSasse
Just don't... with the swamp. Seriously. Stop.
How would you handle the necessary debt ceiling increase then?
Just in time to do nothing
Thank you Senator!
Awesome!
