Well said! Thanks for your service and your integrity.
do not ratify Gorsuch. Just don't, please. So many reasons why.
Name one please.
You mean like none of you would confirm a SCJ while former President Obama was in office? Please.
I like Gorsuch. You should consider him for the next vacancy. This one belongs to Merrick Garland.
love this tweet!
Thank you!

This guy also wore the robe. #SCOTUShearing
Everytime I hear @SenSasse speak I am thankful for his leadership on #capitolhill
Great job Senator!
“We only issue black robes around here.”-@sensasse Watch and share this with your kids.
Focused my remarks around a simple image: a judge’s black robe. Here's why Judge Gorsuch will faithfully embody the spirit of that robe: 
Loved your wife's text today. A question I have asked myself.
In a year with a lot of inane comments, we may have picked the winner.
Ur questioning nice way to trying to find out nothing. We need to know where this man stands in our current culture views...
Nice speech. But no one dons a robe to be of humble or modest station. The robe implies sovereignty. Real power. #keepgovlimited
Your party stole this, Sasse. If you do succeed in confirming this judge, he'll still be considered illegitimate by many Americans
Nailed it! Thank you for your quest to educate all (particularly our children) as to our founding documents & principles.
I love your courage on Trump! Please show the same on #StolenSeat! This one belongs to #MerrickGarland. #GObstructionParty
actually it doesn't "belong" to anyone.
Ur time was a waste taxpayers money, if we want 2know about his life we can read his book later in his career
Because he says he wears a robe, not a crown.I also agree with the teaching of Civics. Let's push for it Ben!
What a great statement you made today at Judge Gorsuch confirmation hearing about "The Black Robe".  Well done!
Wondering if you can tell me why you’re okay moving forward with hearings on Gorsuch when you wouldn’t have hearings for Garland.
he wont answer that because he'd have to dig himself a deeper hole.
You were already my favorite politician, and then you threw in a School House Rock reference.  Mind blown!
Please continue to support Trump's agenda!
You never cease to impress me Senator. I Always learn something from you. You've joined the ranks of a minority of simply awesome!
i LOVE the support you've shown for Judge Garland. Oh wait. I dont know why this Gorsuch guy is in the news.
Best remarks Ive heard. Just made me proud to beAmerican with our Constitution!! Thank You. Ben for President 2024?? Got my vote.
you should've confirmed one last year
I agree that Gorusch is qualified, but why is it ok to not give a hearing to Garland?
Great statement, Mr. @BenSasse.
i like Gorsuch but holy moly you were unnecessarily LONG winded.  Just get on with!  I thought you practicing for a filibuster.
that was outstanding. I hope everyone who is quick to criticize examines @sensasse's words before reacting to a pre-conceived idea
I think you're great. But I have to say: Judge Garland also owns a black robe.
well said. 2 bad this type of context isnt being taught in our schools & universities but rather that SCOTUS=judicial supremacy.
Masterfully said! What a great representative! I wished he were mine!
my fellow Husker, well done.
I REALLY WOULD LIKE A COOH OF THAT PAPER,,,I WOULD BE WILLING TO PURCHASE,,THANK YOU!
THE BLACK ROBE
WHAT BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN COMPOSITION
@BenSasse Great opening statement today Senator. Thank you
@MrBarry628 you (and your students) may appreciate this- I know I did!
Let's be truthful here. The Judiciary is VERY political. Especially the left wing judiciary.
That was awesome! 
@BenSasse Thank you for your simple eloquence.
nicely stated. Thank you!
Well said Benjamin
Women don't agree.
@BenSasse Well said, Senator.
why did you obstruct confirmation hearings for the previous president's nominee, Ben? Why represent Nebraska like a child?
@BenSasse Leahy's right. Obstruction of Garland is a stain.
How can we be considering a supreme court nominee of a president under investigation for campaign collusion with Russia?
Your/GOP remarks don't deserve consideration because you didn't give Merrick  Garland the same curtesy of a hearing and a vote.
POTUS can't nominate anyone now that he's under criminal investigation.
Represent the women of your district or we will elect someone who will.
You misspelled Garland.
By stealing it?
I'm sorry.... who exactly do you represent because I thought it was your constituents you refuse to meet with. Get off twitter.
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing. #StolenSeat
no one should be appointed until we get Russia out of the WH
The problem Senator is that Progressives have found ways to bypass those limitations moving the nation away from principle
I thought we weren't appointing judges to SCOTUS during campaigning and since @realDonaldTrump continues to campaign...
. Thank you Senator, for focusing on the #BlackRobe. For those who don't know, & those who tend to Forget.
Your comments about the black robe are idealistic and hopeful.  Sadly, they are also very naive.   See many 5-4 examples.
He would, but, he wouldn't be up for nomination, if the legal framework had allowed the sitting president to choose.
fruit from a poisonous tree.
nope
Trump is actively campaigning. It is wrong to choose a justice during a campaign. We have to wait till 2020.
Merrick Garland.
Grow up, dork.
Merrick Garland
