In our system, "constitutional warrior" @BenSasse ignores Trump's daily assaults on the Constitution. #Emoluments
"Emolument" means profit or benefit.  E.g. from real estate deals, financings, joint ventures, preferential trademarks, hotel rooms ...... https://twitter.com/CREWcrew/status/909472349229076480 …
In our system, @BenSasse laments excessive executive branch power -- but would defer to Trump's wisdom on a first strike nuclear launch.
In our system, @BenSasse approves of the Senate shirking its "advice and consent" duty for 11 months—then ramming thru an extremist judge.
In our system, @BenSasse would rather hawk his parenting book and write cute tweets than hold Trump accountable. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/513872/ …

Do you even know what half of this means?  Yourself?   Targets women's health?  Such a general extreme statement.   You fell for that?
I know what all of it means.  I fell for nothing and won't entertain any more trolling from you.
See all the words like.  Averages.Expected.  Dramatically different.  Targets.  17% then 100%.   "Afterwards".  Like I said.  Not trolling.
You are trolling.  My post was accurate when I posted it 3 weeks ago.  Keep up or shut up.
How nice of you.   I can't say I would expect anything else from someone who would post that.    3 weeks changes the accuracy? Hmmmm...
Please, please Senator Sasse keep telling the truth.  .  I am afraid our country is in very deep trouble. 
You may celebrate but GOP in DC does nothing to facilitate it! Big government under GOP Congress even WORSE than under Democrats!
Please put the good of the people ahead of party politics! He is unstable. He is scaring people. Please look at the 25th. We need heroes now

@SenSasse Please remember that when repeal and replace pops back up. 80% do not want it!!!  Work together and fix it for all!!  All!
How about if you want health insurance.   Work for it?  Hey what a concept!!!!
Much respect for 4 u sir. But tomorrow will be another day of 45 breaking emoluments clause and GOP doing >0. See also: Garland Merrick
Didn't go so well in Vegas..when one man's rights rain bullets on the right to life of others
Is that why the government is always trying to legislate women's reproductive health, for instance? 
You are going to say nothing about Thurs eve EOs? Was downright despotic, unilateral exec lawmaking. Makes congress irrelevant.
Under our current system, #PuertoRico's chances of recovery are unlikely. When are you going to help? #JonesAct #NebraskaforPR #Ricanstruct
the founders who were "Federalists" disagree strongly with this video...
People's rights are limitless? I think you mean if they're the 'right' kinda people, according to you. NO rights 4 POC, WOMEN, LGBT in @GOP
In theory, yes...unless you are poor, female, a POC, LGBTQ, etc.
Please explain the POC acronym.   Is that supposed to be politically correct?
Ah... the people's right aren't limitless. Maybe you should read it again
How can you say that with a straight face when you consistently vote away the rights of Nebraskans and other Americans? Phony baloney.
Sadly this no longer applies. R Rights have been dismantled N the name of safety & the 1st amm & others R under attack by Pres.
That plays well on paper and during campaigns, but is it really workable?
Gov't is too big. Washington could be featured on an episode of "Hoarders" as an institution filled to the ceilings with waste & junk!
Way to twist what it was REALLY about. JUSTICE, the GENERAL WELFARE, LIBERTY and our POSTERITY. Nothing that you stand for.
Promote the general welfare is not about redistributing wealth & providing food, housing, & health care.
Who said it was. My POINT was that sure isn't about limiting government. It's setting it up to PROMOTE the general welfare FOR ALL.
It was about breaking classes & allowing ALL people a chance, not a system set up JUST for the wealthy like England was.
They wrote it to be changeable, counting on us to get smarter and better and SOLVE the problems they couldn't. And LEARN from our mistakes.
The Constitution has an amendment process & in that sense it's changeable. The meaning of the words written do not change. @WendyCrouse4
The purpose of the Constitution & the uniquely American idea is that the power of government is limited & the freedom of the people is great
which is opposite the historical norm. Constitutional rights are negative; they are what the government CANNOT do to the people.
There is a small problem figuring out how to finance & navigate thru a mid-life career change forced on a person thru trade policy.
That is why you show more support for the Dems than Pres. Trump You say 1 thing but support another.
you would never know that buy witnessing the incompetent corrupt DC Politicians
No changing the 2nd amendment!
Unless you're gay or a black athlete, then GOP says no free speech or equal rights for you!
 good job calling tge Dems out today!  How about CSPAN start showing the voters how many were present during HC TALKS!
Except https://twitter.com/BenSasse/status/911732810427150336 … football players shouldn't protest injustice, because Trump claims it for himself? Odd logic.
NFL players:
You have the right to protest Trump tmrw. But aren’t there better ways than kneeling before the flag soldiers died to defend?
Remember this when you #TakeTheKnee
Then why can't we get rid of the moron and chief?
I called your office, not sure if U will get my msg but you need to help us out,say no to Graham Casadi bill!Save our healthcare
really?
Do not vote for this most recent attempt to take health care away from millions! No.

You like the big talk, we need results.  Healthcare that works for taxpayers.  Cleanup corruption.  Do something
Eliminating protections for those with preexisting conditions. Stripping millions of coverage. Secret process. Horrible & disgusting actions
Unless you're a law enforcement officer who breaks the law, no compensation, no justice there apparently. Little hands will pardon you.
Founding fathers would be appalled at the GOP process this year. Working without CBO scores or debate #shameonGOP
1. If the latest attempt to repeal Obamacare becomes law, people who get cancer could face $140,000 surcharges https://goo.gl/yeiW25 
So, abortion should be safe and legal. The most personal, medical decision women make.
Great concept to limit the federal government including executives orders.
When a Republican says that the people's rights are limitless what they really talking about is the rights of corporations and the rich.
You're such a douche.
The people's rights are limitless? Tell that to the people living in red states where peaceful protests have been criminalized.
Vote "NO" on Lindsey Graham's and Bill Cassidy's bill to end ACA. Block grants are idiotic. Mandatory insurance coverage is needed
Health care? This #GrahamCassidy nonsense? Vote to OPPOSE and help Nebraskans keep their health insurance.
Except the right to affordable quality healthcare. Right? How will you vote on the latest? Destroy Medicaid, higher rates for sick children.
If this is factual then why is Fischer still a Senator?
Vote You OUT
R u serious?U want 2limit my right 2 control my body, you want 2 limit my access 2 healthcare, if my power is limitless -u r violating it!
Please show some spine and object to our Republican president's violent tweet towards his former political opponent.
The people need congress (government ) to listen to what they want instead of doing what ever each individual congressman their own belief.
Seems your for limited government, Raper...how about you keep your bullshit religion out of everyone's business then?
please vote no on #CassidyGraham - be on the right side of history not the side of those who take away healthcare for 32 million
Too bad it's not working that way #power#corruption#fraud in all 3 branches. Do your fricken jobs!
Ha ha! That's a good one. Keep on enabling the Equifaxes of the world to screw us over without regulation.
And corporations are people too!  Yay!  Except corporations can't do prison time, of course. That's absurd.
Tell me that once Trump is out of office.
I have huge respect for your integrity.  But, if you support the disastrous health care bill, integrity means nothing when you hurt people.
The government has a duty to establish Justice, insure domestic tranquility, and promote the general welfare. Start doing that.
Is this a joke? Let's see... #CivilAssetForfeiture #WarOnDrugs #FelonyDisenfranchisement #NSA #DesireeFairooz Govt is frighteningly powerful
Then speak out about what your president is trying to do to destroy those rights
Of course that's only true if the stewards of our system protect its integrity. Can you say with honesty that you're doing your duty?
Yet, you keep voting to limit Americans by taking away their healthcare.
Don't vote for the Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill.  Political suicide.
Til congress legislates 4 ppl not donors/corporations, til $$ is out of politics/gerrymandering is eliminated & justice is equal,not many.
9th amendment ftw
Then please help us shrink the size of Federal Govt. Get to it!
@sensasse don't tweet support 4 #ConstitutionDay if u do not support #hr3282 #saynotoelds
The people's rights are limitless? The government tries to tell us who we can marry, what we can put in our bodies, what bathroom we can use
Nice Rose colored glasses Senator. Our government has given more "rights" to corporations, the weathy and lobbyists than "the people" have.
Gentle (missing the boat) Ben
In Conservatopia, government is too small to protect people from the unlimited power of corporations, theocrats, & privileged wealth.
If only that were still true. Only the money holders' rights are limitless.
I bet you're one of the worthless senators going to vote for #GrahamCassidy and stick it to the American people.
Do you honestly believe that the people's rights are limitless?
This was a great speech. But people don't believe it anymore. Washington DC is killing this country. Where to now?
Vote to get rid of Obamacare then.
Except were those rights conflict with corporate interests...cuz corporations are ppl too, right?
I know I'm wasting my breath but as your constituent I want you to preserve and improve DACA.
Unless you're an immigrant, Muslim, transgender or critical of the president. Good try, though!
Like the right for gay people not to be fired or denied housing just for being gay?
What are you talking about? I have never seen that happen in Nebraska personally. You must be from elsewhere?
I am from there. Just because you haven't seen it doesn't mean it hasn't happened.
Where? What Town? None of the gay people I know have ever had a issue.
Ugh.
Too bad that's not the way you conduct your affairs!
Only if the elected officials do their job of checks and balances, enforcing ours laws.. not seeing it very often with this current Congress
Ideally, yes. But u crooks have taken care of that now haven't u?  #TermLimits
You're a fraud.
Ben's Asse
