Support Potus or get out of the Senate..
You're out of your mind

Empty words. No action. STAND UP FOR YOUR COUNTRY. Be a great American or be an insignificant footnote in the history books. Your choice.
It's time you persuaded your Republican colleagues to wake up and see Precedent Shitgibbon for the threat he represents. History is watching
So will you speak out re Russian state supported propaganda Sputnik Radio airing in Wash DC on 105.5 FM a major media channel - 24/7 lies
You realize our own CIA has interfered in many elections - overthrown many governments and installed dictators like the shah of Iran
Educated & well-informed electorate is the strongest bulwark against ideological subversion.RUS elections meddling is but a hair fracture...
Same argument I make for terrorism
RUSSIA AND USA DO ESPIONAGE ON EACH OTHER WE DO IT THEY DO IT ALL THE TIME! THERES A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THIS AND RUSSIA CHANGING AN ELECTION
The Muslims are doing the exact same thing! They're also attacking our Christian traditions every chance they get! They shouldn't be in US!
Thank you. Please bring America together again. We are all american before republicans and democrats. Sadly, Americans are forgetting that
We should not view it with a partisan lens which is why everyone should be OUTRAGED about #RussianCollusion. #CountryOverParty
you can't believe trump is innocent! Don't be a blind repub be an intelligent human being.
The "Russians" have been interfering in U.S. elections since the inception of CPUSA. They vote straight (D) ticket now.
2. Your healthcare bill is a travesty of justice to the American people. Republicans are destroying the government of this country for greed
truth
Ben, the Frogs say you and Warner are idiots for believing that!
So many commies blended into Democratic Party since 1930s, suddenly they have a prob w/ Russia.
Always the same rhetoric from the extreme right! You all make the same invalid assumptions! Democrats are not Commies!
Are you a fascist???

Please reach out to your colleagues &push for impeachment.Trump burned our alliances &put our nation in danger. It's clear he speaks 4 Putin
https://twitter.com/gingrich_of_pa/status/871031941247774721 …
Our current government is leaves us in doubt of being able to function properly.
So what will you do about it? The only way the American people can know to whom DJT is beholden is to see his tax returns.
Thank you! Please keep talking about #Russia you are a voice of reason .. you are the antithesis of @realDonaldTrump #SaveDemocracy
You and other RINOs are disgusting and hopefully this will be your last term.. Trump was elected for a purpose and you are in the way.
Can you at least apply the same "interference" standards to Democrats...bleached subpoenaed emails, smashing phones/computers, etc.
Sir, you should be doing more to support our elected President
Yesamen
there is no Trump/Russia.  #SethRichCoverUp #WIKILEAKS #KimDotcom
What Democrats and people like  you want to do, is sow seeds of doubt about the POTUS who was elected by We the People.  Support our POTUS.
There is no evidence that Russia influenced our election. The real issue is people like you who refuse to accept the results.
Put this fake scandal in the rear view. Stop the witch hunt. #MAGA
Russia has won because you provided the stupid Republican bait. Your grandstanding is pathetic. We will not forget.
NO Russian interference! Seth Rich was the wiki leaks informer! He was killed! Comey gave HRC a free pass on all. HRC can't accept NOV loss
Because of Politicians like you. #MAGA
Where is the proof of interference?
Oh my Ben.   Where were you when the Clintons were taking millions from the Russians.  You're a talker who says nothing.
How soon after Traitor Trump was elected did you swear your loyalty oath to him?
You are the opposition party.
It has to be viewed through a partisan lens because no Republican will take a single step to stop it. YOUR President enables it.
Stand with our President
You can learn a lesson from @TGowdySC  & @SheriffClarke on toughness. Even @JudgeJeanine more cajones than your soft peddiling. @DewsNewz
Only the DNC should be investigated for election interference. You need to grow a pair & stand up against the leftist propaganda.
So far none of the voters noticed any Russian interference. The Electoral College vote was valid. Obama interfered w/French elections.
US has interfered in 45 country elections! Obama interfered in ISRAEL election using taxpayers money! Hillary gave Putin uranium!
If you buy into the Dems belief about Donald trump then you're giving them reason to continue its hurting country # ridiculous
Your lack of support for @POTUS is a disgrace!  God turns it for @POTUS good & God's glory!!!

But not impossible!!!
I'm sure God would have his son make THAT SPECIFIC POINT then grant an exception to a cheat who won't pay his bills & LIVES IN A GOLD HOME.
The only thing troubling about Comey memo is the fact you promoted it without question. Oh... that's right... you are a never Trumper.
Fellow Nebraska Please support POTUS. He's unpolished I admit, but we're convinced he loves r country. He needs us 2 fix as much as he can!
Please let's get the Trump -  Comey issue resolved quickly and thoroughly and then get something done!
Are you leading the charge for an #IndependentInvestigation, or is this just hot air?
You are wrong Ben Russia did win they wanted one candidate to win and he did. Now it's up to you to find out how much he cooperated.
but that is what Trump IS doing and wants to do more
Full of hot air Senator. Until you act, it's just you liking to hear yourself talk.
Stop talking out of your ass. Do something.
Someone's been listening to @selectedwisdom
Your words are meaningless. Now is the time for action, sir. NO Senate business until special prosecutor. Period. DO SOMETHING.
So what are you going to do about it?
@JohnJHarwood Well, I'd say they won.
I disagree with Mr. Sasse on social and fiscal policy. But we agree on the vital role of American institutions and ideals. Thanks senator.
The most woke Republican out there
Ok; so when will you speak out as an American, rather than a Republican, and make it clear the emperor has no clothes?
Unless you and your fellow republicans do something about it rather than being "deeply troubled" it IS a partisan issue.
AGAIN, these are just WORDS, where is the GOP ACTION??? worried, concerned, troubled? .. Actions Speak Louder Than Words!
@SenSasse That is why we need a special prosecutor to take away the partisan lens. I do not understand why you do not see that. @JoyAnnReid
Senator, you need to leave the Republican Party - become an independent for now but caucus with the Dems. Our country is in danger.
Great. Tell that to the rest of your party. Take note of your party's actions in the past 8 years, too, as a baseline.
And I say that as a former Republican, now unaffiliated. (Largely because of the misdeeds of the GOP on partisanship matters...)
Where were you when you're party questioned the legitimacy of Obama and vowed to obstruct everything he proposed. You're BS is astounding.
So, then, special prosecutor, yeah?
Senator I heard you and you need to be the US Macron
So...what are you going to do about it?
If only you had a job where you could do something about this like demand an independent commission to investigate this
@Hesiod2k11 yea, yea... what are you going to do about it, Senator?
to restore trust, we need an independent investigation. Why are you not endorsing this yet @SenSasse ?
When you sing the Democrat song you disgrace your country, your office and yourself!!!
Yes Senator ..each one reach one..reasonable heads come together..the Trump experiment failed.make Washington work again
Thank you for being an adult and a patriot!
Be Smart Country over Party - investigate Trump and Staff connections 2 Russia -
Again, merely talking. What re you DOING? Getting your name mentioned in the press because you have a good sound bite game does nothing
Here is REALITY SASSE
I heard u on NPR. U pretend u r not a politician but would not answer very simple?-when will you say enuf is enuf? Politiican thru & thru.
I'm glad I now know about you. Just watched your interview on @CNN
SENATOR SASSE, WE WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU SHOW MORE SUPPORT FOR OUR PRESIDENT..... WE ALL KNOW THE RUSSIAN COLLUSION IS JUST A CHARADE.
And yet, here we STILL sit, waiting on you and you colleagues to start impeachment proceedings for acts of treason by OUR OWN “leaders”
Please do something
Do your job. Stop being a puppet for trump. Start impeachment proceedings
Ok ben why the selective outrage? You were quiet as a mouse during the Obama.very partisan Democrats backed up by the LeBron evil media lies
Why do you not ever defend the president? I  am ashamed of you as our senator (Fischer, too) for not closing ranks against the dems & media.
Fool it's the non investigation of the leaks and unmasking both crimes selective prosecution James Comey got fired 4
Might think you're making a name by not supporting POTUS..what you're doing is losing votes of people who put you in office!
Ok great. Now can you please DO something about it?
If you're so smart and the intel agencies are, why and how would Russia hack us when we go all over losing data and failing in our hacks?
Russia hacked no one. If it did it shows how stupid and misguided all the nat'l security agencies are. We are hackers. We get hacked,
No evidence! Where's the evidence?  You just hate Trump!
#MAGA
Not impressed with your ramblings that never support the POTUS. Try seeing the bigger picture and not just your career.
WOW..you sound just like Maxine Waters.
Dear God..be a Republican that puts country before party!!!!!!
Grow up , you are falling for the Liberal Agenda , your a fool . stop wasting time . Have you not read alinsky ?

Oh yes and I forgot about that book your trying to get press for.
He just likes to hear his own voice and in 2020 he can say he spoke out. He wants to be president. He's not brave, and he only cares about 1
#CountryBeforeParty. Call for a Special Prosecutor.  Will vindicate innocence or will shine light on danger.  This Republican begs you.
Who's "they?"  If Trump has ties to Russia, NO ONE WINS!  Except Putin. Please put America 1st. Trump is a disgrace & makes repubs look bad!
True in principle, Senator. But one party has all the Congressional oversight power today -- the GOP. Use it or lose it, don't you think?
Stop being partisan and demand special prosecutor.
Heard u on NPR. Public trust in gov't is undermined by GOP plotting 2 take away health care behind closed doors. Will u speak out against it
Thank you for your thoughtful interview on NPR today. Putin is threatening to destroy our democracy. Protect the USA, not Trump.
LMAO WOW Sasse you have all the Democrats backing you , Putin can't do shit to our Democracy .What about Obama on French TV backing Macron?
Thanks for putting the country above party.
Doubt about who we are and what we believe in? That's not Russians, that's the regressive left baby!
We need swift bipartisan action to appoint an independent, special prosecutor. Recent events make our nation look like a banana republic.
That's exactly what you have done!!!!!
Ben, 1. Republicans chose party over country. They refuse to honestly investigate something like Trumprussia when it should be done.
Traitor Trump has made all Republicans swear a loyalty oath to him. Trump before party AND country.
Read book Grey Zone
Enough fake Russia investigation. Wishing a great primary challenger stands against you!
There will be one!!!!!!
Thank you for the common sense but what will you do when the person being investigated fires the investigator?
Russia helped the Republican Party put a corrupt rapist sociopath in the WH.
Thank you Senator. Please support the appointment of a bipartisan, independent counsel to continue campaign investigation.
Fight the good fight! Special prosecutor for #TrumpRussia ties or constitutional crisis now #comey You got this. History will remember
PLEASE, I beg you. Support an independent investigation. This is a terrifying time 4 our nation. We need patriots, not partisans to lead us.
Unfortunately he has proven to be as useless as the rest.  No sense in begging them to behave humanly. This is on us to handle.  Resist!
Senator Sasse, please call for an independent investigation.
Independent investigation, please. People will ask, what did you do for America when democracy was attacked? What happened on yr watch?
Need independent, full, investigation! Russia cannot win. Sessions recused? He rec firing???
It started with DJT and your support of his cronies.  Demand a nonpartisan investigation.
We need an independent investigation now. It's no longer believable for this administration to be involved. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Please push for an independent investigation, especially given today's firing of James Comey.
What does Congress Believe in, exactly?
Ben you have to understand how important it is for Boight & paid for elected officials to support their donors. @LouiseMensch
Thank you! We need an independent investigation. No legitimate work can be done with circus fools like Cruz banging the email drum
Says the Senator who will vote yes to everything President Bannon puts infringe of him.
Your questions at Yates hearing were remarkably nonpartisan&yes if Dem policies aligned, Rus'd go after them. Stay honest,man. We need you.
Good for you @SenSasse!
@tedcruz @JohnCornyn This is what a partriot looks like.
Yes. Thank you senator
Congrats, you stayed on point with questions. I'm a Republican and was embarrassed by most GOP. Grassley and Cruz don't want the truth.
@AoDespair I submit the Russians already won. The reality of what happened, and is happening must exceed expectations
Thank you Sen. Sasse. We need more ppl like you.
Ironically, my respect for the PROFESSION of politician has vastly increased.  I'm mad as hell at the #GOP for demeaning it via DT support.
As the only GOP on the committee that did not sound like a partisan hack or an idiot, I assume he's running in 2020
@TheRickWilson Also worth noting Russia didn't "create" the distrust & divide, it leveraged it. The issue lies within first.
Every Republican member of Congress and voter needs to understand that OUR country is more important than YOUR party.
Yep....we've already lost. 80+% of @GOP supports #TrumpRussia. Did you see that farce from Grassley, Cruz, Cornyn etc?
You came off a lot better than some of your GOP colleagues last night, btw.
Yes, we know that, Ben. And they haven't begun to win, they're winning big time. And I'm not sure knocking Putin off would help. But maybe.
The GOP is abdicating their duty to American people in their contortions to make this about a leak vs. what the hell is going on at the WH.
We need an independent prosecutor or we will never trust the results
EXACTLY!!
