and good luck Nebraska now that your rep Sasse rolled back all those EPA protections. Don't drink the water!
Only a coward would say that. How do you look at your children after betraying your political party? You have a yellow streak
Where & when is your next town  hall meeting?
Why won't you answer me???
How many times did you blow bill Clinton? I'm sure you can't remember
Did it blow out all the candles?  Happy Birthday.
Why leave the AG Committee then?
yeah!  Where's the Rule of Law in Washington DC. Republicans so corrupt!  #resist
Nothing to report in last 15 days?
Happy Birthday NE! But just one Republican senator has to be very brave right now- March 8 2017- & stop the fuhrer(all lower).
another stab in the back (vote) how do you look at yourself in the mirror? Sad
thank you Sen Sasse for calling for a thorough & independent investigation of Russian interference inUS politics TRANSPARENCY
Thanks for making this fantastic video. I will be using it in my classroom.
yes, you can show your students what your state used to look like before Sasse ruined it!  Don't drink the water!
Ahhh, Nebraska!  The state where the family tree never branches, and the state with the worst politicians in the USA, except WISC.
Ricketts, Sasse, Fischer, Smith.  A veritable who's who of worthless public servants.  Only Wisconsin has worse representation.
Wisconsin has Scott Walker, Ron Johnson, and Paul Ryan.  A triumvirate of crooked, self-serving fuck-faces.  Dumbest voters in US
so nice to know your vote was bought and paid for by Comcast. Thanks for looking out for the people of Nebraska! NOT!
You are a blight on the good life - join and stop being a #RINO
Oppose RyanCare. We insist on a complete repeal of ACA! Waiting 8 yrs for this.
it would be nice if you would have a town hall instead of avoiding us.Are all republicans afraid of town halls?Sure looks that way
do you have aspiration of being President of the United States one day
Why would Neb. Dems include voter reg in refugee Welcome baskets?   https://twitter.com/amymek/status/845413304549953542 … #voterFraud begins! Wake up Ben!!
Nebraska Dem. Party Chair @janekleeb bribes Muslim "Refugees" with baskets of goodies, including Voter registration forms for Non-Citizens! 
Sorry, but go Hawkeyes! (my first game I attended there Iowa won 10-7 and we stormed the field!)
Saw you on the news today. You did good with your comments on healthcare. PLEASE VOTE AGAINST IT THURSDAY!! Make it better first!
great job today on your questions !!
Senator Sasse quit being an obstructionist and support our President. If you continue, good luck with reelection.
I am patiently waiting for your reply on the email I sent your office about new health care bill
Great state!
we need to drain the swamp of never trump ppl like ben sasse...completely useless senator..#sassetheass
Sasse! Whose side are you own! You don't sound like your on President Trump's side!
Happy Birthday Nebraska Ben Sasse sold you out to the global slavery. Disgraceful traitor. How could anyone vote for this Jackass?
thank you for standing up for what is tight wherever it goes!
I don't believe they would have settled here today with outrageous property taxes. Most residents would gladly leave if could.
by supporting trump policies on ppl with different sex affiliation, on science, the environment & worker rights etc u r a monster
If you love NE so much, why did you leave AG Committee?  If you didn't know, NEWS largest industry!!! 
if you love Nebraska so much why don't you visit us?
history will be so cruel to wafflers like you. You are the anti-Reagan of 1979.
I raise a glass of Harvey's Bristol Cream to Willa Cather on this 150th Nebraska birthday
well done, I wish my senator would put forth content like this. Instead @stabenow is trying to keep her constituents on the dole.
I enjoyed your address to the #Senate regarding #NE150  . Brought back many memories!
@KayleeHartman1 this will make you really happy
ugh I love neb so much :')
This is fantastic! What a great way to celebrate today's sesquicentennial celebration
ok huskers, you all get to run around in your 150-year-old birthday suits.
Shame about the pipeline.   What will the state do if Water table is destroyed?
the only thing NE does have is water - you should have protected it instead of supporting our #POTUS  that russia elected!
you going to keep voting against Nebraska so Putin can have his cabinet chosen by this President Bannon. We are following the $$$
Please speak out against VOICE.  Please take a stand for the recent, law abiding immigrants in NE that stand to be hurt by this,
what you doing for farmers 3.00$ corn?
Congratulations NE! Too bad we wont have clean water for the next 150 years. U'll go down as the man who killed The Good Life...
...and that, Senator, will be your legacy.
u posted abt ur excitement 2 end #wotus rule protecting our watersheds. Let caretaking legacy guide YOU. Give up hypocrisy 4 #lent
Happy Birthday to #Nebraska #ne150 I've had some great times on #I-80
and may poisoned water propel us to ever greater profits

Yes, ur signature is fantastic

but ur reality is not realistic…
