I so respect everything you've been saying but wish you would put votes beyond those words and not confirm horrid cabinet picks.
unfortunately he & my other Senator are not willing to rock the boat but vote on party lines.  @SenSasse
What about it honestly? truth is lost in the Democratics
Yesterday was the day to do something about it, @SenSasse. And you are still doing nothing, except maybe booking your next TV appearance?
This is bigger than D vs. R. The Founders' intended the check on consolidation of power to come from the other branches of government. 
Thank you. Nothing less than an independent, non-partisan investigation will suffice. From a patriot.
@BenSasse You voted to silence Elizabeth Warren. You rubber-stamped Pruitt when your colleagues begged to pause. #hollowstatement
Oh, snn-ap!  It's a political chupacabra? Hmmm...?
we need a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian ties to Trump. Who is in power?
What the hell are you doing on MSNBC I can't believe your judgement I know that you don't not like Trump trump derangement syndrome????
.@SenSasse Millions question this statement https://twitter.com/thinkprogress/status/831292926122721280 … #Constitution #checksandbalances
Trump’s chief policy advisor says the president’s power ‘will not be questioned’ by the courts http://thkpr.gs/c87252a07a7e  
.@SenSasse Words from an editorial by former President Teddy Roosevelt written in May 1918 
From 'SEDITION, A FREE PRESS, AND PERSONAL RULE May 7, 1918'

by President Theodore Roosevelt 

…
@Ken_in_VA Either stop green lighting horribly unqualified cabinet nominees,or stay quiet. Have you neither convictions nor shame?
keep it up.
thank you for being a voice of reason on the right. There's not many of you.
.@SenSasse  Well, coming from you, that is absolutely.....meaningless.
that includes you voting for all of the trash  DjT is filling his seats with!
I really like this guy @TheRoadbeer @tripletangels3 @jellen805 @Mellecon
Me too. Not sure your endorsement here is a good thing. @SenSasse @laurakfillault @TheRoadbeer @tripletangels3 @Mellecon
Pardon?
Seriously?
as a heart attack.
Your twitter deportment is the antithesis of Sasse. This is not hard.
I genuinely hope you believe this. #investigate and give the people the #facts #nonpartisaninvestigation
"Trump dismissed the 'archaic' rules of the House & Senate — using that word 4 times & suggested they needed..."
.@SenSasse It is obvious u drink from your own water cooler unlike your Repub. colleagues who all drink from the same partisan fountain.
get rid of fake news
Tired of fake news
Bring back the Fairness Doctrine
congrats on voting 100% with Trump’s cabinet picks! You pretend to be an independent thinker, your record proves otherwise.
so, because he agrees with the picks means he isn't an independent thinker? terrible fallacy you've committed here.
. And did you express this during the Obama reign of terror Senator?
You say great words like "you're not entitled to your own facts." When will words become action?
founders are here Sherlock. Get with reality.
thanks - country over party
fucken lisp kills me
If you care about your children, you'll vote no on Pruitt. Or are your short term $ goals more important?
read the tea leaves, this administration is dying, stand up to it and find your place in the future.
Was #GOP decision to not consider the SCOTUS nomination for a year about separation of power???  As beliveable as #SCROTUS
good points, but why is almost every vote for cabinet confirmations down party lines? Put your vote where your mouth is!
Thank you, Senator, for providing sanity!!!
you know what's bigger than D v. R? Education. Clean water. Health care. Talk is cheap. Do something!
I'm pretty skeptical of you & your party right now. What are you doing to hold @realDonaldTrump & his gang accountable?
Start with a bipartisan commission to investigate RU infiltration of Trump admin. No. 1 priority for Patriots, not tax cuts.
you're not a "Partisan guy"?!?  How do you explain your DeVos vote?  Straight party vote 0 consideration for NE constituents
@KatyTurNBC all talk this time, or are you going to put your votes behind those pretty words? Curious.
Then please stand up for what is right.  Insist in an investigation into the Russain ties, Please!
How do you feel about these labels: authoritarian, autocrat, despot? I hope you have the mettle for this battle. Please don't wait
That was well said. But actions speak louder than words.
@brianbeutler Sure wish you weren't a sole voice crying in GOP wilderness! We may not agree on policy but we do on process!
and yet you seem to be a coward, prove me wrong Senator
Thank you!
Actions speak louder than words!  Use your vote to provoke action.
@crazy_dukes Look at all the haters in this feed. FEAR makes them act stupid. The question is why???
@crazy_dukes President TRUMP said it's not about Party. Corruption is a virus in all branches of government. Drain the Swamp
if it's bigger than party, then why are you following in lockstep instead of leading?!
@KatyTurNBC its turned into sanity vs. Insanity.
practice what you preach senator. You've voted Trump's way 100% of the time.
More lies from little Katy Tur.
tax cuts tax cuts tax cuts, do you get it?
Agreed.  This DvsR trend is out of hand.  It should not be us vs them, we are all us.
wow. Thank you for being a sane voice where few are found right now.
And then you voted to confirm every Trump nominee, while refusing to meet with Garland. R's only skeptical when POTUS is D.
Amen!
Wow!!!! Yaayyyyyy  Common Sense Speaking . . . . . !!
@ImthatguyHORAK on msnbc again. But he did talk a good game.
Ben Sasse is one of the few Republican Senators who have not been tainted by Whiny Donnie.
Found'g Fath's meant 2 prevent overreach: C&B-clearly invested sole discretion in ea branch in certain matters-Exec 4 immigration
all talk no action so far unfortunately... @KatyTurNBC
??? Well, then #DoYourJob
Chk/Bal's R major-some pwrs R exempt-POTUS can't overrule SCOTUS and Judicial can't usurp powers clrly vested in Exec-U no better
I really like what you are saying. Now act on it.
Look at you Ben, pretending there isn't Judicial activism.
this basically mirrors Ezra Klein's article in Vox a week ago on partyocracy
You are a politician of integrity. I don't agree with many of your positions. But I value integrity over agreeablity. #respect
@Suma4720 And yet you continue to vote in lockstep WITHOUT question. Where were you when they tried to shut down debate on DeVos?
thank you.
Go Ben!
im pretty impressed with dems-- we don't vote against jobs, roads, bridges and poor.....GOP does and has for 37 yrs
Words are wind. We are watching what you DO. So far you have been found...wanting.
Moynihan was quoting John Adams.
well said Sir...you have my thanks!
it's not whether it's Democrat versus Republican it's what the Koch brothers want you to do that really matters #sasseistheswamp
.@SenSasse  Bravo...please follow words with acts.
such welcome words!
@directiveshelp
all I see is your mouth moving with NO action. You are a weak link. Good bye. You will be replaced. You are a coward.
Thank you for your "true" patriotism, Senator Sasse! Regards..
we're counting on your actions to follow your words, voting 4 DeVos is completely irresponsible. You let her buy spot w/donations
uhuh. how about you prove you're not just a concern troll yanking along gullible liberals and do something then, Ben?
probably the most logical and well-stated understanding of the political system and its day to day impact on the average American.
@SamWangPhD I would love to watch some Republican on Republican questioning. 
I really needed that to hear that.  Thank you.
Just adding another AMEN
Thank you, Senator Sasse.
@SamWangPhD Leadership!
I like what you have been saying recently. Time soon to step up and act. Not yet.....but soon.
thank you for your words.  Please match them with actions.
As others have noted, you say the right things but have confirmed his unqualified appointees without blinking.Actions speak louder
Align that with yes votes on all the cab appointments and acting bigger than D vs. R since taking office.
@WhitfordBradley Then start doing your job. Where r POTUS tax returns? Do u care about Trumps Russia connections? How about Lies?
please #DoYouJob and SOON. #Trump, #Flynn and #Bannon are existential threats to the Republic and MUST be removed. #impeach
@SusanCarver19 hey Sasse well stated! Nice job! Keep up the good job.
.@SenSasse Yes, WE know. But then why don't you actually stop Trump? Why keep voting to support his choices? Constitutional duty - go!
@SamWangPhD so why are you approving his unqualified Cabinet nominees? Grow a pair and show some real backbone!
think you might be a good guy but not sure history will agree. Now is the time to stand up for the constitution.
please convince your other Republicans in Congress to #doyourjob
@SamWangPhD talk is cheap, senator
I heard a rumor the legislative branch has checks on the executive branch as well. Were you aware?
I want to believe you in 68347 but you need to start acting on those nice principles of which you speak.
Should I feel so incredibly thankful that a US Senator is plain ol' telling it exactly as it is?  I do. Hope glimmers.
@charles_gaba Senator, sorry talk is cheap because you & all Republicans been siding with Trump on everything, yr Party b4 country
@charles_gaba if it's bigger than D and R explain your cabinet confirmation voting.
actions speak louder than words. If you really are a "Constitutional Warrior" & would put country before party, u need to prove it

Senator, then you and the rest of the R majority have to do it. Blocking Mnuchin and Pruitt'd be a good start
@KatyTurNBC It's the whacko left wing Libs and the biased MSM that are tearing at Americana. Mutts need to shut up!
@KatyTurNBC The Senator has been saying all the right things, but has yet to step away from the lock step. #standup #doyourjob
@KatyTurNBC   I kind of like this guy.  He makes sense.  Other repubs could take a lesson...
loved what you had to say here!
@KatyTurNBC maybe you can stop voting to approve every single one of trumps nominees now.
@KatyTurNBC Man u r trying but u r on a remote island. Sorry
@KatyTurNBC He needs to be stopped for the sake of the country. Only you and your R colleagues can do it. Act, don't talk!
@KatyTurNBC well. Houston, think we have a problem! Trump seems like he's going off rails!FLYNN NEEDS 2 GO,pence,Conway, trump 2
@KatyTurNBC "Judiciary Is Not Supreme." Stephen Miller!! The Nazis are coming; The Nazis are here! Senate & House are USELESS! BAD
@KatyTurNBC .....appreciate your support of President Trumps cabinet picks.  Especially Jeff Sessions.
@KatyTurNBC Ben you talk a great game then you always cave and vote the party line. Disappointing.
@KatyTurNBC They also intended the electoral college to be one of those checks. Yes, I know that ship has sailed.
Senator, until you stand up to Trmp all your admittedly fine words are just hot air. Stop being a blowhard & start doing something
talk the talk. when will you walk the walk? #russianhacking where is the bipartisan select committee? this is beyond D & R. USA 1
you're talking the talk, but let us see you walk the walk. Stand up to the wrongdoings with your actions and listen to the voters!
Thank you sir, for adding sanity to this awful mix
@KatyTurNBC thank you Senator! Very well said!
that's all nice and fluffy.  What are you going to do about a wing nut like Bannon on the NSC?
@KatyTurNBC as well as congess & FEC can investigate & rectify if true, if claims r demonstrably false congress should censure WH
@KatyTurNBC it would be nice 4 congress 2 increase oversight on WH & demand any & all evidence of voter fraud so each state 1/
You cant just go on MSNBC & say 'checks & balances'. You actually have to stand up against lies/tyranny. #doyourjob
Still voted for Sessions and DeVos. Will come back to haunt you.
@KatyTurNBC Entire @gop now engaged in a game of moral limbo. Keep track, America. How low will they go? Winners all go to prison.
those words you spoke ring true, yet your voting record speaks otherwise.
u r as much the enemy of #Trumpmovement as #Soros & the #dimmocrats. In spite of u & #McCain , #Graham etal we will #MAGA
Did you go to college?  What's with the apostrophe?
Sounds good. But I haven't seen anything from GOP that went beyond mere words. And even those were far too rare.
Senator, I rarely agree with your political views, but in terms of the health of our democracy, I'm with you on this one.
It would be nice if your votes and actions matched your rhetoric.   Sadly, there is a very wide gap.  Put your Country over Party!
@KatyTurNBC and what have YOY done to stop Herr Drumf? Oh, voted yes on every nominee? Actions speak louder than words
please lead the charge against the tyranny trump is trying to impose. Your senate colleagues are not up to the challenge.
remarkable how many here conclude from this it's Sasse's duty to oppose everything Trump does.  Not so.  Case by case.
@KatyTurNBC says the guy who voted for every single one of DJTs nominees
Fine words, @SenSasse. But we need more than words right now.
@KatyTurNBC Judiciary ought to get twice the criticism.
Judiciary ought to get twice the criticism. See -
America vasilates between two parties D or R. We need checks and balances but we NEED a moderate third party..not Lib,green
@KatyTurNBC this is something both sides can agree on. Let's meet up in the middle and DO SOMETHING about it.
Mr. Sasse, why doesn't the power grab by the judiciary (9th Circuit) bother you?
because it's not a power grab just when you don't like a court's ruling. Obama got ruled against in a similar way.
Don't pull a muscle patting yourself on the back-- you've voted to confirm every terrible person Trump has nominated #DeVos
It's just talks nothing meaningful from Sasse or any Republicans
You restore my faith in my country!   Please stay strong and keep our country safe!  #DontStopAskingWhyRussia
@KatyTurNBC No apostrophe needed...the usage of "Founders" is plural, not possesive.
@KatyTurNBC Are you trying to get "to give someone Sasse" on Urban Dictionary? Because it might be working.
let's start with the legislative branch checking the executive, Senator.
@KatyTurNBC Bravo!
@KatyTurNBC Sissy Sasse and his cant.
says the sissy who posts anonymously
@KatyTurNBC Sasse, the reliable sissy, with all his pious cant.
Thank you @SenSasse!
Which is why Trump's authoritarianism must be checked.
Then vote against Trump once.
@KatyTurNBC Good for you! Yoh are truly American.
@KatyTurNBC You sir should resign. Rhino. #notneeded
@KatyTurNBC if the senate or congress wont do anything, we the people need to start making more noise about this #resist
@brianbeutler Voting for Sessions was choosing to NOT check this executive.
Exactly, Sir. Founders = genius in creating 3 equal branches + House up for elect each 2 yrs + 1/3 of Sen each 2 yrs.
This to protect us from zealots on the left & zealots on the right from getting comfortable and doing LT damage
thanks Senator.  How many of your colleagues will RT?
 From my state.  Lies as bad as the rest of them.
@KatyTurNBC We're counting on you Senator to do your job.
Skeptical is good. The press must b e, too.
I am one of your constituents.  Time to listen to us for a change and not Party.  You voted for everything.  So shut up.
26 USC 6103 PLEASE USE IT!!! #emoluments
Ben Sasse is highly irrelevant and a Never Trumper. We are investigating his relationships w/ women in DC and NE.
So what are you going to do about it?
@KatyTurNBC @Sam__Weller @Richard_Schiff
hey Ben do something 4 Nebr not yourself for once.
Seen you say a lot of good things on TV recently Senator. Any chance we'll see some action? Voted with T 100% of the time so far.
As always, love what you say. Pretty skeptical of the ways you are "checking" executive power right now though Ben. Votes matter.
and the so-called congress are just another example FAKE GOVERNMENT!  Just like so-called judges.  #MAGA #SCROTUS
That's right but you have no call to lecture on this. You and your colleagues became so *jealous* of the Executive's prerogative..
to nominate Supreme Court Justices that you conspired to usurp that Constitutionally enumerated power for your own partisan gain.
I'm a liberal but I could learn to like you a lot!
yes Ben!
Sasse has not done a damn thing to check Trump in any meaningful way. All talk so far.
