REPEAL IT! Don't replace it, that isn't the damn job of the fed. Read the Constitution sometime.
REALLY?
Uh...take two cyanide capsules, and call me in the morning.
May the fleas of a thousand camels, find solace, and comfort, in your underwear.
Insurers already talking Bailout if ACA repealed.  Our tax $$ at work for GOP!!
Your weekly address about the ACA is a bunch of BS. Govern with facts not BS.
tell us what you'll replace it with first please. For many it's the only help they have or can get!!!
Mitch we still don't trust you. Better if you step down
Obamacare's given millions essential healthcare & eliminated preexisting conditions condition. Needs refining
I'm a consumer and I'm protected just fine. I don't need your 'help'
How about just fixing Obamacare?  Wouldn't that make more sense?  Be less disruptive?  Less expensive to do?
yes repeal it. Who the hell do these 20 million people think they are? Just get sick and die, end of story!
over 20 million human beings gained access to medical insurance - GOP upset
You and @SpeakerRyan are not thinking about the people. You are only thinking of your hatred for Democrats.
to protect consumers, the govt should provide healthcare to the citizens and abolish the vampiric health insurance industry.
@SenateNews  protect consumers or the insurance / pharmaceutical industry CEO's and investors?
More information. @PatentfreeMRSA 
http://archive.is/bl0YF 
#MakeMRSATreatmentGreatAgain 
http://investmentwatchblog.com/veteran-invents-new-mrsa-superbug-infection-treatment-and-is-giving-idea-away-patent-fee-watch-this-quick-before-its-deleted/ …
I have part of the solution. Do you even care?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wired.com/2014/12/oneill-rpt-amr/amp/?client=ms-android-hms-tmobile-us …
You've done nothing for 8 years. It's about time
You're gonna do what you could have done all along-fix what's broken and keep what works. Repeal won't happen
why didn't you vote to defund it a year ago?
Same bullshit you've been hawking for years, still not better than today. Go away.
says the guy with no backbone to defund it.
::::protect the...........!!Protect the seniors,...that should come 1st..!!every thing,...But.
::::Of cause, you can do better..!!?Social Security await"s..your a senior,...!!???
Guess it paid for you to give Donald that BJ.  Your wife got a good position out of it!
replace Obama care with what
http://gotnews.com/breaking-senatemajldr-mitch-mcconnell-surrender-fcc-dems-trade-get-nevertrump-staffer-ferc/ …  ... is this true? #trumptrain #accountable
what are you doing giving FCC to dems?!?! Don't be a traitor. #AlwaysTrump we will have great trade deals.
don't pretend you care if people have insurance
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls Ynot KELLYANN AS SPEAKR OF HOUSE?CANbOutsider!!McConnellBettrGtSenRULES rite
you'll be sorry. There are some really good things about the ACA. Make it better, don't destroy it.
Explain how block grants work. They are known to be synonymous with extreme rationing.
What do the 11.3 million do after you take their healthcare away? Why not fix it?
damn straight, any clue with what? Maybe just privatize everything. Free market foreva!
Physician members of Congress are in ASELF-SERVING DOCTOR BUBBLE.  THEY ARE IN THIS FOR THEMSELVES.
The national security of this nation is at risk if you do not continue to implement A PRIMARY CARE MODEL.
The progress made by State Innovation Models will be destroyed.  You people have no idea what you're doing.
with what??? Obamacare had a Republican genesis anyway! All u going to do is change the name to take credit.
No just repeal!!!
What is the replacement plan?
you want to protect us from ever seeing a doctor?  Protect us from a long life?
You & your DC power mongers have absolutely no credibility with any one who has any common sense Facts matter #yestotermlimits
you all so full of shit--and these changes won't happen in five years?  Why even bother.

@BarackObama @krystalball @NancyPelosi I can't believe they are proud of this TURD LEGISLATION they created!
rephrase that to 'protect insurance companies profits...'
@BarackObama Time to get rid of  embarassment of a piece of horrid legislation @NancyPelosi & dems created!
So what's the plan? And what's so bad about 20 million people having health insurance? #turtleman
I think you meant to say to protect insurance companies
do your job. What's YOUR plan?
To protect consumers, we need to vote out conservatives such as yourself.
no need to repeal just fine tune it you d bags
.@SenateMajLdr @SenJohnBarrasso LEAVE #Obamacare ALONE. Your replace plan is a farce. We'd pay more & get less, IF we could even afford it
You never mention a replacement plan only it's going to take time for replacement sounds like no plan yet
I have diabetes how will I be covered after you change things????
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
how about replace then repeal Kynect...say those words in your state
so start writing it, man. You have both houses and the presidency. No excuses now.
But keep the parts that help people, right?
Get it done quickly.
Never thought I'd agree with anything he says.
let me get this straight. taking ins away from 20 million people is protecting them? calling BS. #Obamacare
Way to have a senator with no danger of losing his seat to deliver this message...try that in #nevada
Please proceed, GOP.....while you're at it - voucherize Medicare & privatize SS. Good luck.
We, the people, are still waiting to hear your plan.  I believe our washington "Leaders" will again stiff us
fuck off dip shit

been waiting 7 years for your plan - looking forward to it!
Right!
god you people suck.
We all know you never had a plan to replace it & no plan now. Trying to stave off your deplorables now.
