#2018 Remember that. #Corrupt #liar #LinedPockets You don't care about anybody but yourself. Spare it.
whata freaking name, betcha he takes a lot of ribbing! No matter, illegitimate like his boss repeal & replace em
does that score you more points, aren't you there to make good laws, not just repeal them and have it give you pleasure,
why in the midnight hour!!  so ashamed you are representive of Wyoming we have backbones here, you sir obviously do not!!
Mentally ill people to own guns... Great idea! But, then, I'm sure you own one.
doesn't your conscience tell you that its wrong to blatantly disregard peoples needs & the environment? its called empathy
Your justification for repealing a measure to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill is when it was passed. Wow.
They were in place to protect the people, animals, lands, waters & environment as a whole. Welcome to Flint2.0 Wyominians!
emBarrasoment to all Americans with your twisted logic and corrupt justifications of what is obviously WRONG.
what a stupid thing to say. Regulations keep corporations in check! Stop taking corporate money!
he's a sinner god fearing people give me a break the only thing he fears is losing his pay check
I think you need YOUR head examined, what an a*shole !
You keep embarrassing the people in WY and you won't be back for another term. This time you misjudged us.
The voters may look forward to voting you out of office for loyalty to #Gop than #Seniors #Voters #Families Ignorance NO!
hurr durr durr, just sitting here in DC arbitrarily repealing anything that black president enacted.
.@SenJohnBarrasso you're a legitimate clown
Time for Republicans to join the Millennium and acknowledge industries that do not heavily contaminate  the environment.
Vote out this asshole 11/6/2018 and all his cronies to protect life and the earth!
It would seem that the lure of power and cuting legislation is seductive but it will cost more than it will save!
then get ready to tear down the poorly thought out exec orders by our neofascist leader. Do u wanna war???
is looking forward to more gun $$$ for his next campaign. Q: Should the mentally ill be allowed to take the oath of office?
Make sure you tell them about the 1000 earthquakes in Wyoming due to fracking over the last decade. One more thing
I recommend that you don't approve #BetsyDeVos for #EducationSecretary she is not qualified on policy and ed law! Chaos!
you are an embarrassment to the region, your state, and your family
u complained about Obama vacations so I'm sure you will start complaining about Trump taking trip after 2 weeks of "work"
are you starting the vacation $ clock on Trump like you did Obama?
you lied & you know it. Obama had been working on that since Sandy Hook. So greedy, you'd pull back common sense.
Shame on Republicans.  With the "important" issues  to focus on, they are in a race to compromise the environment!
#WRONG do you even visit Wyo?
Once again Republicans place profit and wealth over health and safety.
you're ok with someone with a mental illness getting a gun and causing another sandy hook yes or no?
except that had been a regulation since 2012 after sandy hook happened.
looking forward to voting for your opponent in the next election.
the 1st person shot dead with a gun due to the law you repeal should be placed in your senate seat to bloody it up. #bought
Any concern over taxpayers being billed for @MarALago charges this weekend? #WinterWhiteHouse #hypocrisy
You didnt answer Camerota's question and you lied.                                        http://www.ncsl.org/research/civil-and-criminal-justice/summary-president-obama-gun-proposals.aspx …
time for a vacation
I WILL contribute to your opponent.  I'm keeping a list and checking it twice. NO on Sessions and Pruitt.
u want insane people to have guns!Ur insane for wanting that! @BarackObama did the right thing stop attacking him!
"and I'm not comfortable with midnight regulations" Well -I'm not comfortable- being around loonies with firearms.
I hope those crazy ppl only kill Republicans! That bullshit reason bka BOLD FACED LIE was the lowest of the low! POS GOP! 
don't get too happy with the GOP bullshit. It will not last.
President Obama is a great and moral man. What the hell do you call yourself? Evil would be a good start.
so you think mentally ill people need guns? At what point was it that you lost all ability to reason in a sane manner?
