Spokane...founded to provide health ins after the Great Depression as so many could not afford care. Blue Cross initially built there plan..
No, we want #FullRepeal.  It's hurt enough people already.  And I have pre-existing conditions and I want ACA gone!
Really! Increase premiums to the point that people will die because they cannot afford the premiums!
And if you believe that, there's this swamp land in Florida you might be interested in
CBO estimates that in states requesting AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elderly enrollees would go up 800 percent.
Off the Med Serb Bureau plan. People cannot afford to see a doctor & certainly cannot afford all the CYA testing dr's order to protect....
Do not touch ACA - Americans are NOT stupid and DO care about the Constitution and this flagrant dismissal of POTUS impeachable crimes.
#FULLREPEAL AS PROMISED! Every root & branch!  You are enslaving future generations!  #10thAmendment
That's a Lie stop lying to the American People
No doctor would afford to prescribe or give referrals, not even to Planned Parenthood due to stiff penalties. Employers may also forbid, too
If you do medicare for all then the insurance companies can compete for Gap care coverage.System &base rates can stabilize market nationally
They surveyed all the health white males from back home to get a feel for what the people Really need
Senator will we get a health replacement bill before end of the year?  We won't get another chance!!!!
Hey EMBarrass-Ment... SHOW US THE PLAN, BEFORE U RAM IT THROUGH
BS BarreASS... U are GIVING a TAX BREAK to Millionaires... SICK!!!
to go after Social Security and Medicare that we the people PAID FOR in advance and YOU, The elected, spent as part of the general fund.
themselves from malpractice suits. Many forego medical care. Now GOP members like you want to take away &/or limit care. Your next plan is
@SenJohnBarrasso You are a Dr...are you really that clueless? My grandfather, a physician, was a founder of the Medical Service Bureau of...
@SenJohnBarrasso LAIR and LAIR
So you're going by the adage that if you tell a lie often enough people eventually believe it's true!  #IMPEACH45 #RUSSIA #WITNESSTAMPERING
Obama tried that with keep your doctor, etc. Obamacare is a total failure to the working class but a prize to the non working.
Which is it ? Barrasso may be open to insurers considering pre-existing conditions (via @Pocket)
No, just put into special pools that will increase their premiums, pricing them out of coverage.
Except the conditions you currently have.
Fake news! You've enabled all Americans to lose coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Ah is not that the same thing that ACA says?!?!
They r denied coverage when on #Medicare or #Medcaid !!!  Even if you have other insurance to cover the rest?? @USFreedomArmy @USA4TRUMP
Haters gonna hate. Have a blessed day everyone
Liar. The deaths of tens of thousands of Americans is on your head. Trumpcare #AmericanGenocide
But the pre-existing condition isn't covered. Stop wordsmithing, its a horrible bill, killing millions of americans.
@POTUS #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018 #RussiaGate2018
Do all Republicans lie this much? U people are ridiculous. We KNOW more details about #AHCA than u do. Everything u say is a LIE. #Corrupt
Can't afford it but it will be available.  #trumpcare sux
Bullshit! Liar repugnant's and you all know it!
Lies. Foggy logic. Did you even read the bill? Where's the CBO score on the Upton Amendment?
Yeah right
If only people's pants really caught fire, Washington would be ablaze 
PLEASE flood the DOJ with calls asking for a special prosecutor to  investigate Trump/Russia. -1-202-353-1555- If it's busy, keep trying
REPEAT THIS 3 TIMES: It is not going to happen! It is not going to happen! IT IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!
What's not going to happen?  I never had any hope that you'd be cured of your mental illness so what are you yelling about?  Not impressed.
High Risk Pools are discriminatory. Separate does not mean equal. We know this by now, right?
All you Toad (R)s should run off to Brokefoot Mountain & live happily ever after,
I hear Chafes-it has a very roomy, comfy closet there.
All you Toad (R)s should run off to Brokefoot Mountain & live happily ever after,
I hear Chafes-it has a very roomy, comfy closet there.
If u truly represent all Americans, give me 1 good reason Medicare for all is a bad idea. Wow, it suddenly got very quiet in the room.
Yes, healthcare access at any cost.
Liars. Pre existing,women,children,elderly will suffer. This is outrageous. Fix not Repeal!! BI PARTISAN POLITICS NOW!
You're lying!  You gave states permission to opt out
They will if you give states and insurance companies a loop-hole!
Nobody with intelligence & a moral compass buys it. This admin is a non-stop $ grab from the citizenry. You work for the people,  not corps.
Goodbye GOP.

You can no longer turn your heads and pretend this is not happening choose country not party.
Everything needs to be put on hold. You need to react to President Trump's erratic behavior and the way he operates the White House
How do 13 Senators representing 23 million constituents get to 'massage' AHCA.  Why won't Wyoming senators or Liz Cheney have Town Hall?
They will simply be asked to pay SO much that they won't be able to afford it. SAME THING!  (Oh, and they can't switch jobs...)
Butno onewill beable 2afford it/or insurance companieswill find reasonsnot 2pay. Insurancewon't beworth paper it's written on so why buy it?
Liars! 3X liars! Cutting subsidies for old & poor families to give the richest people a tax cut, you miserable pieces of ! Pay in 2018!
you LIARS!
#russiagate is more important than your money grubbing tax cuts. Cowards.
The nerve of that old 'Tea Bag' John N. Kennedy trying to downgrade Yates' testimony...sounds like harassment to me...
Republicans can forget about any agenda with Trump in charge. Every day it's another stink bomb. Comey today, something else tomorrow.

Tonight I imagine @SenateDems are begging @SenateGOP to impeach this madman before it is too late. There will be an unspeakable event soon. 
They just get charged out the ass for it...
Of course they wont be denied. What will it cost is the question?  You cannot answer that question can you...oh you would need to read it. 
@SenateGOP Senate wrkg on HC w/out any women! Taking more of our rights away? Men always trying to control WOMEN! Small men! Bad!
( you forgot) BUT THEY CAN HAVE RATE HIKES OF 30 % OR MORE
@SenateGOP How does it feel to be the party helping Trump towards a dictatorship? As a party you are destroying America w/Trump!
You LIE like no one knows you are lying.  You really need to close down and get real jobs (though future employers will know u r liars.)
Yea, insurance  for this late 50 year old man is going to go down! Nice!
So you have been told.....
Pants on fire
We don't believe anything you are trying to shove down our throats!  You all work for US!  Do Your JOBS and get Independent Investigation!
Spits  all over the kitchen. I can't wait until the CBO score comes out.
That is a LIE, and we all know it. Those who voted against GOP fascism, are literate, you know, we read your BS,and call you out on it.
Your comments are false. There is no proof that states won't change rules & cause those w/pre-existing conditions to have unaffordable care.
Being able to have affordable care is what we need.
U add waiver states can invoke 2 preclude coverage 4 pre-ex. Deniable plausibility. 'We didn't deny you coverage, your state did' #hypocrisy
LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AS USUAL!!
House bill could make cost so high people can not pay and death could result.  Something to remember.  Also how much profit is enough
If you can't afford coverage you are not being denied but you will have no way to pay for care.  Basic needs trump paying for healthcare.
How about transparency...this is a lie...Why are you all supporting treasonous acts toward the People...we're watching...we vote...nananaana
you lie. stop lying to us!
As Bernie Sanders said - I might enjoy living in a six million dollar home, but I certainly can't afford it. You think no one is watching?
Then premiums will continue to rise and GOP will own it this time
You'll just charge them unpayable premiums.
Why not tell that people are dying now under ACH, they are? Get agressive.
If they are dying with ACA then they are not dying due to lack of insurance. The issue is not having insurance to use.
No but it will cost SO MUCH MONEY no one will be able to afford the coverage. Stop insulting our intelligence!
No.  It will just be entirely unaffordable
Coverage may be offered, but will any of us be able to afford the premiums and rent?
All politicians are being judged: Citizens &Democracy demand an Independent Investigation of 45 and Russia #resist
Hee hee hee what a nasty con
They just won't be able to afford it!
You are covering for the most corrupt President in history. Where is the oversight? The longer it takes the more complicit you are.
Thats not a good thing.A pre-existing condition is like calling insurance while your house is on fire.Its supposed to be used just in case.
U say in Senate ALL voices are ALWAYS heard. What about Elizabeth Warren? Even after she persisted, She was not heard. She was escorted out.
Lies
We wont deny you coverage, just put you in a high-risk pool that you can't afford & we wont pay to subsidize.
Problemo is we don't keep insurance continually,,,Only Senators & Reps stay in the same job for an inordinate about of time
If you think the public wants anything related to Trumpcare you are bunch of old fools
Sure as long as you're a multimillionaire. I'll take my advice from every patient care organization and not you.
Yeah, which patient care organization?
The fact people won't be able to afford it seems lost on Republicans. Really not that hard to understand, if you think about it.
If we had Single Payer like developed nations of the world, we wouldn't need to continually debunk your bullshit lies and call you out
We've had many broken promises from the Republican party as of late!  I hope that this is not one of them.
Will they when they can't afford the preexisting condition rate hike that #AHCA calls for?  Guess they'll have to use Medicaid.  Oh, wait...
Prove it. @HouseGOP said that too. They lied to please an unqualified @realDonaldTrump, work w/ @SenateDems & make it country over party.
But can they afford it?  NO
just can not tell the truth, right? If you offer only insurance no one can afford, the only option is 0 health care so much for ch #liars
Republican Party should be disturbed about obama admin spying on you're conversations.@RandPaul has the guts to demand answers, have you?CA
You, McLeader McConnell and the ALL white male "Work Group," are not capable of representing a women's healthcare needs. House proved that!
I thought the GOP was going to repeal Obamacare, or did I just misunderstand them for the past 8 years?
That was just the test drive-now you find out what the warranty covers...
"...especially the rich folks like me who can afford the @GOP's new unlimited premiums for pre-existing conditions!... <tee-hee>"
If costs remain high, it won't matter if PreExisting covered. Payers will raise premiums (just like ACA) 2 be able 2 afford hi care costs.
They won't be able to afford it emergency rooms will fill up again and taxpayers pay the bill. No thank you! #RefineObamacare
@SenJohnBarrasso Fix ACA  try as pres says WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE SAD!!!

@SenJohnBarrasso  You really looked bad trying to confuse people about preexisting  conditions maybe u Repubs should look at fix
Senator Barrasso, best way to contain healthcare costs is Medicare 4 all like every other major country. Ins. companies would b just fine.
@MeetThePress as a doctor you should know better as too healthcare, we are not consumers we are patients. That's what your party doesn't get
Please give me the name of the insurers who have agreed to lower their rates as soon as your tax cut is approved
House slashing & moving the Medicaid safety net to the states who will then deny care when money runs out. All 4 huge tax cut for top 2% ugh
@SenJohnBarrasso So, "pre-existing condition coverage will remain AS IT IS NOW? NO lifetime caps?
As long as you have LOTS OF MONEY, that is.
Stop lying about the ACA, It is not failing! What IS failing is, the greed of the REPL that only cares about #HUGETAXREFUNDs! Callapsing WH
And my congressman Posey.
Lie lie lie. Read the MacArthur Amendment.
That is a lie! Access and Affordable is NOT the same thing! How do you sleep at night! Shame on you! Stop the LIES!
@SenJohnBarrasso  "Access to" healthcare is not healthcare! The #ACA was not "exploding" until you Republicans took over Congress
Imploding...imploding is the term and yeah it was
NO IT WASN'T!!  Get back to me when you have NO medical coverage
I had Obamacare and had to get off it last January when my premiums doubled!
Blame ins companies.  I worry about coverage for pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps.
Reason deductibles doubled is they were forced by Obama to cover preexisting
Well then, you better stay healthy!  Reason they doubled was  threatening to repeal the #ACA!
What an alternate world you live in!
Surprised 6 yrs of obstruction has destabilized healthcare? Might want to look @ CEO PAY of health insurance companies, they are doing WELL!
You tell so many lies ,the one thing i know...if you say its's good...it probably is not true.
Have Republicans held office for 25 years?
I realize that is in the AHCA but the Liberal Leftists deny it. Set them straight!
Don't be a fool. Read the MacArthur Amendment. It allows an opt out waiver so preexisting condition patients are priced out of the plan.
But it will cost them a fortune
@SenJohnBarrasso if this plan is so great why are doctors, nurses, AARP, mental health associations and countless others opposed.
@SenJohnBarrasso, this is a lie.  The House bill allows states to waive the Essential Health Benefits.
Yes. Voluntary regulation is not regulation at all.
For enough money, Trump wouldn’t deny giving Putin a blowjob.
thus late night TV was on the right track!
I don't believe you.
You mean the plan MoC uses?
We'll just have to pay more than we make in a year to get "access" to coverage
