What damage exactly? Thousands covered that couldn't be before? Stop blindly following GOP and do what's right!!! Listen!!!
might check out polls on obamacare and the millions that have it!!!
what exactly are your plans when you rip away healthcare for those who need it? Can't wait to hear it. #outoftouch – at beloit Ohio
I know, being involved w/Presidential Classroom, that you care for kids. So PLEASE vote NO on #ScottPruitt #pollutingPruitt
The American people will be watching!!
After you have destroyed the ACA, can we call what's left BarrassoCare?
Yeah 20 million people who now have health insurance when they couldn't get it before... some damage!
we'll have to work overtime in the near future to repair the damage caused by the GOP. party over country.
so far trump vacation 4 days @ 6 million taxpayer dollars. You were so efficient keeping track of Obama's travel #resist
Please be thoughtful with #ACA replacement, Mr. Barrasso. Americans need affordable, accessible, quality healthcare. TY
what damage are you referring to? Or did you forget that you are representing Wyoming and have done NOTHING!
don't let Tom Price legislate bigger payouts for his portfolio and gut out healthcare system
can we eliminate personal penalty now or must it wait for full replacement plan?
and what exactly do you plan to replace it with? Or do you plan to not replace it?
#Youbreakmyheartwithyourcruelty to deny #healthcare to #sickpeople is disgusting. #evenworse #youareproud #2018
I hope you do repair it instead of destroy it entirely.
Insurance companies are the ones causing the damage. ACA helps people afford insurance. Why do away with that? Alternative?
Please take away health insurance from those that contract fatal diseases.  No profit there!
His name is John, SAY IT! He's alive because of great surgeons, nurses & ACA. (NICU) 5 months & 4 surgeries! Still on meds!
I just hope you all have a better plan.
We look forward to free check ups & birth control for all women, since you value women & separation of church & state
empty words.
Better yet, how are you going to help your black lung coal constituents?
Millions insured, it's really been a tough time. Thank God we have you all to take that away from people who need it
damage like 21 million more people having health insurance, you are a tough act to follow. shameful
You mean the ACA? Go to town hall meetings, or are you hiding with rest of your deniers. Speak for country, not your party.
How anyone could think putting millions of people on insurance is "damage" is beyond logic to me.
Are you going to thank the media for exposing all of you for being complicit and causing all this damage!
did Uncle Mitch approve this message?
I'm liking who the President is appointing, and the issues he's addressing  I hope congress supports him
Please leave Medicaid expansion to the States.  WY has been able to refuse to do this so far.  Good job WY!
Please take away coverage of children up to age 26 by parents health plans.  Too expensive for their employers!
Please take away the health insurance from millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions.  No profit there!
I too wish poor people would just hurry up and die.
Just as long as your constituents are informed that OC is the Afford. Care Act . Knowing that changes things!
the damage caused has been thanks to you and the rest of GOP for not wanting to help with the issue.  It's called GREED.
Let's repair the damage caused by unethical politicians who hurt, not help, the people. ACA is not the only challenge.
Careful-If we go back to non coverage for pre existing conditions, you will be held accountable.
Very disappointed Senator you have lost support of a voter who supported u 4 years. 2018  coming & I support voting u out
I hope that includes healthcare for ALL Americans!
I wait with baited breath for the GOP to fix our healthcare crisis!
#Ughhh
any warts that the ACA has can be traced directly to partisan GOP obstruction. Sad
I may have to save this tweet for posterity to explain to people that yes my Senator actually said something this stupid
& I look forward to holding you to account for the reckless repeal of #Obamacare. 2018 is not too far off!
@HarrietBaldwin REPEAL not repair
Trump enabler. Liar. Con artist.
I look forward to voting you out in 2018. Cutting coverage&gutting Medicare/Medicaid not repairing, but expanding, damage.
please be respectful of all Americans, not just the ones you like. Love America more than you hate your fellow American.
when's your next town hall?
Wow, looking forward to killing Americans how patriotic.
We should thank you voting in DeVos too.  You did not listen to the people!  Shame.  Shame.
Barrasso and Enzi out 2018, too bad they didn't listen, lots of years thrown away. We are mobilizing.
and we will not forget.
all that damage that are saving people lives at this very moment. sure did not hurt insurance co profits - record highs
you need to consider how many this will effect negatively. Stop with the GOP agenda and take care of our country.
So you going to cover everybody with Single-Payer?
Healthcare is a basic human right, NOT an opportunity for insurers and lobbyists to make a profit. Please offer specifics.
@HHSGov Congratilation to Sec Price. Repeal Obamacare.
YOU NEED TO CREATE, STATE BY STATE, A FUNCTIONAL PRIMARY CARE SYSTEM LIKE MICHIGAN'S SIM.  YOU PIG.
You've had 6 years to come up with a plan. Your constituents would love to hear details. 634 days until 2018 elections.
THE ONLY DAMAGE TO REPAIR IS TO DISINTERMEDIATE THE FRAUDULENT HEALTH "INSURANCE" INDUSTRY.  NO MIDDLEMEN ROBBING US.
the mandate and limit on part time hours should have ALREADY been removed
What's your damage, Heather?
