Well that would not be the tax code proposed by the .@gop would it??
I don't know. I'm on a mission. Scrolling U.S. Senate begging they reauthorize CHiP. I retweet interesting posts they have available.
Who are you trying to kid John?  We all see what this tax code does for the middle class.  Nothing. However the wealthy are the winners!  Stop lying to the American people!
Yes, the Walton and Koch families. But nobody else.
@MConsuella we don't need a giveaway to the wealthy and corporations
Made sure @SenJohnBarrasso hears you loud and clearly. We do need CHiP reauthorized. CHiP expires today.
1. Reauthorize CHiP
Seriously.  Tax the rich more. They will never miss a few less million dollars. Tell them it's the patriotic thing to do.
That would require research of course.
Why is @realDonaldTrump @POTUS already trying to remove you from office? W/ Besty Devos brother? Hmmmm Why do you protect Dotard?
So we would be removing $263 billion of income from the people who prepare taxes? and the software people who code taxes? MAKES NO SENSE
TAX FACTS, John;
The killer chart: the top 1% would get 79.7% of all the tax cuts under the Trump plan. The top *0.1%* would get 39.6%. 
#MiddleClass citizens will pay much more in healthcare & prescription costs than we will ever save in taxes. Do the math!
Who's pocket are you in this time? We already know you and Mitch are owned by the health insurers. Come on... do better!
Make HHS Price pay back the money he robbed we the American people for his private plane rides
The simplest and fairest tax would be to shift from income tax to a national sales tax. Rich buy more and will pay more for sure!
Yes!  And YOU  Waste it! This is another kiss to the rump of Big Business owners and Big Donors Plus you saying "Kiss My Rump" to the wokers
WE have decided to bill IRS for the hrs. of tax prep. plus costs.
No,John, no. We see you; we know who you serve and it is not the working people of Wyo. You are heading for another fail here.
Remember congress and wealthy donors gave the nation this tax code
Is that a write off?
80 family farms would benefit from estate tax

#GOP_GRIFTER
That person really should get an accountant and speed things up!
Our corporate tax rate is far from the highest, even amongst tier 1 countries. Can we start with actual, easily googled facts?
Sure ! Now will have to use that money to pay for healthcare that  you didn't replace !!!!

Fine, if you make over a million pay 40% with no deductions. Simple.
Yes , Sen Barrasso, U R a wealthy MD & Senator.    Help the MC and working Poor!'
#LyingGop
#WeAreNotStupid
1040 EZ takes 5 hours TOTAL according to IRS
It's the 1% ers that take weeks to capture all the loopholes.
YES!!
We don't need this plan!!
Totally agree Senator Barrasso 
Our country needs a whole Hell of a lot more then that.  Like politicians forced to the same laws they impose on others.ETC...
You were disgraceful on tv w Katy Tur. Now what are you saying? @KatyTurNBC
Then get rid of the filibuster rule and start getting to @realDonaldTrump  agenda. Which is the American people's agenda
We know many rich spend zero hours and have great loopholes paying little and unnecessary corporation welfare steals from all.
Has anyone considered the "Fair Tax"?
@SenateGOP oh, goody! The Koch Payback Plan! Screw the middle-class and give a big break to the 1%ers! Yay! Koch you!
Stop the big government! You need less money,  let us keep ours! A new way, a new tax code!!

Fix middle class cuz your evidently paid to keep elites happy.
The #FairTax fits the bill! http:\\
Our Country needs to remove a very unstable President. He is a danger to us and the world. #ImpeachTrump #RussiaGate #TaxReform
@TuckerCarlson Tonite Tucker said no to subsidies to NFL cuz u protest - yet we give BIG OIL money to pollute..??
How's THAT for hypocrisy.
I saw you on the news the other day trying to defend your support for a horrible plan for healthcare. You have no shame or credibility.
How will you pay for all these glorious tax cuts for rich people?
Good to see someone on Senate trying to do something
Then take it away from the rich with higher taxes.
If you are having problems with your taxes, there are free volunteers to help you.  https://www.irs.gov/individuals/free-tax-return-preparation-for-you-by-volunteers …
We spent way more than 6 billion hours protesting for the 4th time the GOP's REPEAL AND REPLACE nonsense.
It's true, we need a fairer tax code. How about getting rid of loopholes for corps so they pay what they're supposed to. Tax MC less.
amen!
TurboTax is easy and is free if you make under 33K a year.  https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/ 
You c**t, no one is complaining about how much time it takes to do taxes.

We're angry about filthy rich not paying their fair share of tax.
Trickle down economics doesn't work Senator!!
More lies
In that case, why do you support the Republican plan to decimate the middle class for the benefit of the non-working wealthy (like you)?
Tax the rich and give to the poor!  The Robin Hood tax code.
Corporations rarely if ever pay the maximum tax rate because of all the loopholes they paid you to put in the tax code. Some pay zero!
It's simple math.  Just raise the minimum wage to $20/hour, where it should be due to cost of living increases since the last increase.
And we only need to pay taxes on the state we live. Taxation w/o rep is wrong to the core.
The whole country can March for Trump's taxes but the Republicans said no! Good luck with tax reform for the swamp. @GOP complicit with #TrumpRussia
Trump's giving us a lesson in patriotism. With disrespect, dishonor, insecurities, and immaturity while demanding loyalty. Who's the biggest loser, Trump, Republicans, or the United States of America?

Why should anyone believe a word you say after all of the outright lying about your failed healthcare bills?
