Listen to your constituents and act in the best interest of the US, not your personal vendetta against Obama!
@JohnBarrasso
#holdthefloor #noDevos
Please listen to the people. 
Please Sir, Vote NO
For Children & Our Future. 
I emailed and this was the response...CALL until the phones break!
You're going to hear from me, Johnny, just not in ways you would fathom.  Welcome to the new America!!!!
you don't want to hear from anyone, you got your head so far up trumps ass you couldn't hear anyway! DeVos was a mistake
From a neighbor in South Dakota....Please. #StopDeVos #NoToDeVos
@WYPublicRadio it's been days, mailboxes full... got tired hearing from real Wyomingites jow they feel about your votes???
apparently he just ignored us :(
Your reluctance to accept policies reflecting the needs of the 21st century rather than special interests will cost 2 much!
listen to your constituents. Devos lacks basic knowledge. Not apartisan issue, don't perpetuate that.
please please please vote no on devos. She will be disastrous to children
DeVos is not qualified. Please vote no on her confirmation. Give our schools and kids leadership to make a way forward.
Hey scooter,your link doesn't work.Maybe on purpose?.C'mon get with the program.
I'm a NYC public school teacher. Please make education bipartisan: vote no for DeVos to protect American Public Schools
please help us understand your Betsy DeVos vote. Are you staking your 2018 vote on state school results?

VOTE NO on nomination of incompetent ideologue Betsy DeVos @BetsyDeVos. American children deserve better!
thank you. FYI, your Web site appears to be down.
the obstruction story has been told by almost every1 who was there. I'm sure you know this. U look foolish saying otherwise
on inauguration night 2008! U can't rewrite history. The entire Republican party is a bunch of despicable ppl w/o souls!
U must be 1 slimy guy 2 say dems are the cause of gridlock when the Gop admitted they decided to obstruct PBO 4 last 8 yrs!
You'll hear from us in 2018 and it won't be good news.
Please #VoteNoDevos and help build toward a better future for our kids
Please e-mail and tell him to vote NO on DeVos.
vote no on DeVos
Please reconsider voting for DeVos. As a Michigan teacher I have to be qualified, why doesn't she?
Please keep track of Trump vacation expenses like you did with Obama. America needs you to be unbiased.
I can imagine how many want to talk to you to tell you should not be siding with Trump in the destruction of America.
In other words you're running scared from your constituents.
You want to hear, but will you listen or nearly follow lock step with trump! NO on DeVos!!!!!!!!!!'
only if we agree with your views. U actually don't want to hear from people that have an opposing opinion.
SHAME ON U for lifting ban on guns for mentally ill. U will have blood in ur hands. Also #DumpDevos #CountryOverParty
Vote NO to DeVos!! #BetsyDeVos
No on DeVos
are you sure you want to hear from me? Because I think you want nuclear war.
You are a traitor, you should be removed from office.
I am embarrassed to live in WY with u & @SenatorEnzi
time for the American people to clean house and vote u and republicans out
You and the GOP need to stop lying to America dictator Trump taking this country to war because of his stupidity. F Trump!
Emailing doesn't do anything. How about listening to your VM and emptying your inbox instead?
perhaps you should make travel plans back to wyoming?? You just may be on your way out of Washington.
repeal ACA. repeal ACA. we can do better. UMM it was a REPUBLICAN PLAN TO BEGIN WITH! Had 8 years to come up with better
how can you oversee public education if you don't like public education?
How can you be the director of the EPA if you don't believe in protecting the environment?
want to know why nominees have never been blocked like this before? BECAUSE THEY HAVE NEVER BE SOOOO UNQUALIFIED!
so you don't want the earth to be here for future generations? Won't be corps to line your pockets if there isn't earth.
.you should be ashamed of your self. Because you don't like the rules doesn't mean you get to change them to suit you!
no to sessions
changing the rules, rather then working across the aisle will be your legacy. And I will help make that happen.
Thanks for standing up for Scott Pruitt! Don't let the Twitter astroturf run you down or the rioters who burn cities!
Why do you support Pruitt?
You did the right thing suspending the rules to vote on @ERA director. I'm baffled by @SenateDems.
@AGScottPruitt #POTUS @realDonaldTrump #USA

"Good luck to Scott Pruitt to head the #EPA."
please stop endorsing this horror #DumpDevos you are making us in Wyoming look stupid. I hope you understand this
please have the courage to do what's clearly best for our students, teachers, & state #DumpDevos
NO on DeVos!! Keep your integrity, do what is right for kids not your political party
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Our public schools and precious children are counting on you. We need a qualified candidate.
WHAT SOMEONE WHO FITS IN YOUR ECHO CHAMBER? Poor students deserve chance to a better ED to bad you don't agree
Sheila, why are you advocating that poor kids be afflicted with Erectile Dysfunction?
Go nuclear: no.
Even if we have to wait until 2020, wait patiently for the 60 votes. It'll make the left look horrible.
it's been "full" for days. People just need to remember this in 2018.
Please stand up for our children. Vote against DeVos. I am a Mother of 3, Grandmother of 3, and a former teacher.
Please stand up for our Children. Vote against DeVos. I am a Mother of 3, Grandmother of 3, and a former teacher.
Support #students and #democracy. Vote NO on #Devos.
please defend our Constitution against ALL attacks foreign or domestic. Please don't be on the #WrongSideOfHistory .
.@SenJohnBarrasso I emailed. Wish I felt like it wasn't just yelling into the wind.
I am a Wyoming teacher, please vote 'no' on DeVos!!!
Now if only your email form had a good gender neutral option.
No to Pruitt!
