Everyone knows it's not free. It would be LESS than what it costs now. Check the facts.
I'd rather pay my premiums, deductibles, co-insurance $ to Medicare for All than for-profit sham. Cheaper in long term and no one left out!!
Insurers Come Out Swinging Against New Republican Health Care Bill (via @Pocket)
Senator Barrasso, I would be very happy to pay the 23% that you & your colleagues pay for healthcare insurance.
@SenBarrasso Is it possible you don't understand why you pay so little 4 health insurance? It's because we tax payers subsidize your costs.
The Senate and House should have the same health coverage as the rest of us! Maybe President Trump should sign an executive order forcing it
Why am I surprised...you don't care you have the best healthcare our money can buy. My 28% taxes paid gets me nothing but your stupid wars!
The ACA 2018 Open Enrollment runs from November 1, 2017 to December 15, 2017. (link: http://www.healthcare.gov/glossary/open-enrollment-period …) http://healthcare.gov/glossary/open- …
Thank you Bernie, for working for the people instead of corporate interests. Healthcare is a human right, not a function of net worth.
If you really cared about #wyoming then you'd support #medicareforall.  But instead you support your pharmaceutical and insurance co. donors
If hell exists I hope he enjoys going there! A camel will get through a needle before this scum bag! All the rest of the GOP too!!!
Give one valid criticism of the single payer system.  Just one ,you cannot, every industryalized country including Mexico has done it. Sad!!
Barrasso is so FOS re Republican Repel and Replace Bill. Never answers one direct question, just talking points.
Senator your grasp of what is needed is driven by for profit systems. You are bought and paid for. You have no morals of your own.
You lack independent thinking, you lack willingness to stand up to @SenateGOP, and you are callous towards those who need insurance. #wimp
So sick that you want to take out coverage away and are lying to do so! I swear I will never forgive the GOP for the hell they put me thru!
Stop lying to Americans about Canadian health care.
I will never vote for any GOP candidate again! Not one local election, state, national, or even school board vote!I am done with your party!
So you must be the type of doctor who got into medicine to only serve yourself! You are pure evil! It's obvious you care for no one but you!
Your partisan approach to healthcare is troubling-turning your back on the patients you once took an oath to care for is awful!!
I have a feeling he got into medicine for one reason. Money!
I’m done voting for you! I’m with Steve Bannon! You are part of the swamp!
Behind New Obamacare Repeal Vote: ‘Furious’ G.O.P. Donors (via @Pocket)
Read this chart & pls explain how exactly this bill will benefit us the taxpayers? This is anything BUT free!
5/ MAYBE A FACE FULL OF BIRD SHOT WILL MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ALL HUMAN BEINGS NEED HEALTHCARE.
Eliminating maternal (for newborn babies & their Moms) & mental health care (for those with PTSD) is NOT pro-life! #JB4WYO #GrahamCassidy 
Only cares aabout pro-life unless he and his rich cronies have to foot the bill. How many unwanted babies has he raised into adulthood?Pig!
CBO states RepubliKKKan "fixes" to ACA throw over 20 million off health insurance. Easy to criticize others. Harder to offer real solutions!
Isn't that what you have?  A Health System which is paid for by my tax dollar?
Yeah, that’s how single payer healthcare works. When you get on board or your donors don’t want you to get on board?
2/ YOU'RE NOT FIT TO REPRESENT JACKALOPES, MUCH LESS THE PEOPLE OF WYOMING. YOU'RE BOUGHT & PAID FOR BY HEALTH INS CORPS.
1/ DEAR Sen. Barr-ass-o: WRITING IN CAPS BECAUSE YOU LIKE TO YELL AT REPORTERS WHILE LYING AND CHEATING AMERICANS OUT OF HEALTHCARE.
Then fix the problem you've talked enough about. now talk at a town hall stop side stepping it do you need a pass from Mitch
Saw your interview with Katy Tur. Heard you talk about your wife's pre-existing condition. 2 questions: 1) Who provides your healthcare?
Senate plan covers pre-existing conditions.
The "Senate Plan" is the ACA. Taxpayers pay about 73% of our reps' health insurance.
All about the $$$$$$$! Sad for you and the rest of your party John.. Make America sick and Dead again!!
As I understand it, the USA taxpayer subsidizes health insurance for members of Congress. If you want to know what your less affluent 1/2
constituents have to deal with, then forego the taxpayer subsidized health insurance & pay for ALL your own medical bills out-of-pocket. 2/2
Look at the healthcare you're attempting to shove down the throats of Americans. Deplorable, all right. SHAME ON YOU.
Dear GOP Ghoul, our taxes will pay for it. What don't you get about this? Every other first world country has universal healthcare. It works
Why not give up your health insurance and pay for ALL of your medical bills out-of-pocket?
Barrasso; Greedy people like you are not happy or remotely content. You always need 'more" to satisfy the black hole in your soul
And why is that bad. We currently pay your bloated salary and benefits for incompetent work. #TrumpSucks
Stop selling your constituents short! What are the terms for YOUR insurance?! That's what WE want! Thank you @SenSanders for standing up!
That’s not what he is saying.
People with pre-existing conditions, pregnant women among those who lose out in #GrahamCassidy
Maybe you could honestly answer a question when asked & without blaming Obama. Graham/Cassidy will not help your state.


Americans would LOVE 2 pay higher taxes 2 get nationwide buying power 2 lower healthcare costs. Don't act stupid.
@SenSasse @BenSasse @SenatorFischer @SenJohnMcCain THIS is how you should legislate...for ppl, NOT 4 Koch checks!  Vote NO on trumpcare 3.0 https://twitter.com/funder/status/910604482043678721 …
Do you think Wyoming will ALWAYS vote for Republicans?  Nothing is permanent...if you HURT Wyomingites you will be out on your ass Barrasso!
But 80 billion in Millitary Spending is totally a burden a tax payer needs to shoulder. 10x more then any other countries military spending

@BillCassidy is all over TV grossly misrepresenting impacts of #GrahamCassidy…

Allowing insurance companies to disallow pre existing conditions, is a good thing to you?! We will remember w/our votes next year! Vote NO!
Americans want #Healthcare. NOTHING is free in life. We're not stupid but you obviously think we are. #CassidyGraham  #GrahamCassidyBill
No, he's not selling it that way. Stop lying.
#GOPLies #Repubtard
Yet ur ok with Admin officials wasting our $$ on private jets but won't cover basic essential care
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
And Graham-Cassidy is anything but healthCARE you sheep
You support a bill that does not cover essential health care services. You don't hide the fact that you don't care. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
That's pretty big talk for someone who can't even explain his own policy. Good job looking like a total buffoon on MSNBC.
lol..and you're trying to sell a health system that isn't a health system.
#VoteThemOut
How do you Face the American people & LIE and Distort without any Qualms of Conscience? You are Simply Screwing US with this Horrific Bill!
It's working in all major countries. Stop making CEO's rich and take care of the ppl who your checks  and pay your insurance.
CNN your logic on healthcare is illogical - a political boondoggle bound to increase rates and hurt people in your state. Bad, bad, bad.
You new plan sounds very complicated. We need a new health care structure. Neighborhood clinics instead of emergency room visits. Simplify
Why be disingenuous on CNN? What is accomplished by that? Hospital ED's are going to be inundated if people "choose" not to have insurance!
You won't ever appeal to the younger generation with these types of tactics. It only digs your political agenda into a hole, which is fine.
It never was suppose to be free. We want to to pay taxes for a stable healthcare system where we don't drown in debt.
Nobody's asking for "free stuff", you ghoul.
Stop saying u r a doctor. Doesn't give you anymore insight . But it does show that you are in it for money not for your patients. #udontcare
Senator, you are awfully cavalier and arrogant about killing people by taking away healthcare.
Nevered answered ? On MTP U know prices will increase & u know there will be caps! You are a fraud
LIAR!  You intentionally misrepresent what Single Payer is all about- but you are GOP and I expect nothing less from you.
someone who took the Hippocratic oath supporting a bill that will kill so many people? Essential coverage being removed and you say ok?
If you don't like the taxpayers paying for healthcare, then can we strip yours away then?
What part of Medicare do you not understand? I'll try to simplify it for you.
The health care plan that you enjoy is 100% paid for by American taxpayers. So you will be giving that up, right? @IndivisibleWY
Its a Priority Spending... for Government's Running on #Ethics & Not on money... BTW very important for #SustainableDevelopment #SinglePayer
Looks like you brought a rock to a gunfight.  Are you OK?  http://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/watch-katy-tur-corners-gop-senator-over-obamacare-repeal-in-painful-msnbc-interview/#.WcH2jC9zNgg.twitter …
Your kidding right? Bernie had said this. Pay more tax get better care. We get it.  We all like it. Get on board or get out
And your plan involves them still paying taxes but receiving NO healthcare. Wow.  Enjoy your free taxpayer paid healthcare. 
#deathcare
Just one sidelong tweet from you abt the "healthcare" bill! Is that because you are ashamed? If not, you should be.
We would prefer our tax dollars go to healthcare rather than 80b more for the military and US war machine!!!
Actually it's $700b for the military. Why bother when you'll be killing Americans with your shitty healthcare, or lack thereof?
The system you advocate will leave millions without healthcare Dr Barrasso
Single payer is less expensive than not having single payer in the long run. I know you're not stupid, you just play stupid on twitter.
Would gladly pay more taxes to get universal health care.
Do you even understand taxes?  We take care of one another and I'll gladly pay my share to do that. Unlike you traitors.
the Republican message is go die
Diverting to Bernie?  All three GOP plans put forth dud anything BUT care for their constituents. I'm 2 point I want to pass so it is felt
No to repeal and replace. Most healthcare experts, business experts, government experts, OMB etc say BAD !

We pay for healthcare you and your family receive. But we don't deserve the same? Justify this.
Lobbyist-guided legislators have created the most expensive healthcare and drug costs in the world. You didn't protect us then. It's time.
You don't want Americans to have essential health services? What the hell is wrong with you? Let's start with your family.
Sen Barrasso Americans are sick of the negativity Tell us why Trumpcare is so great & Saying Obamacare/Berniecare is bad is not an answer
So what? You craven fools just authorized nearly a trillion to kill people. Are you insane? We want healthcare, not destruction. Damn.
People with pre existing conditions will be hurt with your bill. Please fix ACA.
You mean like your healthcare?
Hey, Joh, if #GrahamCassidyBill is so good, why don't you & yr family give up your gold plated Senate health plan and take that one instead?
No more lifetime health/salary for senators/congressmen. Wealthy enough to pay for their own. Get on Medicare/SSI like the rest of Americans
Senator Barrasso, you appear on MSNBC & refuse to answer a basic question about Graham-Cassidy (tRumpcare-less 3.0)? Cowardly behavior.
2) You are a doctor. How do you feel about the AMA and others opposing the Graham/Cassidy Amendment?
That garbage Rep. are trying to pass is a joke. Pretty much like u. 4 ur info. dummy Medicaid has wide spread approval
You couldn't answer simple question about higher cost of new GOP death bill. Shame on you! You will kill people!!!
Considering gov't funded by TAXPAYERS, along w/ ins you have, that's how it should work. U r not fooling anyone- u only want 2 help rich!
I don't want single payer. But you couldn't even tell @KatyTurNBC what you are selling. Do you even know? @MTP
You're wrong as usual senator doc. Overhead for Medicare is 3%... for health insurance companies 30% . Case closed. Period.
Katy Tur was more patient with your non answer than I would have been. Sen Barrasso you are going to push us closer to single payer.
Shame on you! You are serving your party, not your constituents. You were an embarrassment on TV and we do not support you!
Americans, the world & God knows your heart (BAD HEART).  If you think God isn't watching, think again liar.
Watched callous @SenJohnBarrasso on @MSNBC. Wants 2 cut essential benefits during #opioidcrisis. Says EB not needed. Can't predict addiction
Just saw you on MSNBC.  You wouldn't answer the question you little person.
Do you remember the oath you were supposed to abide by " DO NO HARM"? Well when you vilify single payer, you prevent good care for millions.
Bitching about MD, NY, CA etc taking tax money? We pay the tax deficits for the mostly red 'taker' states Something you Reds always ignore
This GOP plan is so much worse. America is begging you to vote no!
You are on @MSNBC right now telling LIES ABOUT HEALTHCARE  You @GOP liars need to stop punishing Americans.
a black President was able to take care of the American people, the white has always screwed up this country when it comes to her black
people are paying attention& questioning what the he'll u guys are doing! I think we r all stupid sheep!
Correct. Taxes provide services. That's the whole point.
tell the truth bout the ACA. The only the ACA fails is to stop funding, we all know why you GOP clowns want to get rid of the ACA, because
You want it rammed through now because come October u need 60! Because you guys have done nothing for 9years
Son, you might be a doctor, you couldn't be doctor, I don't like liars like you, I can only pray that the Lord over takes your heart & tell
I just saw u on tv and cannot recall a time I have ever seen someone so rude and obnoxious.  Stuff your healthcare bill
Senator Sanders is right, healthcare is a right! I'd gladly pay my insurance premium towards a single payer plan. Repubs need to stop lying
Anyone who saw you on MSNBC saw how disrespectful you were to Katie and saw through the lies you told.  Shame on you.
WY Medicaid isn't as good as other states, no. Because of you and Mead. But people who have it are covered very well. You need to stop lying
Medicare works for Americans.  So will expanded Medicare  for all
You are WRONG about the ACA, you're full of scrap and a liar. Fix ACA don't destroy it so that millions suffer! #Resist
*crap
Seen you on MSNBC with Katy. You are such a liar. Wyoming didn't accept ObamaCare. Wyoming wants ObamaCare. Not your plan!
ya commodity driven healthcare has done so much for us!  NOT!   U jerks forget one important fact....WE are the government!
Hypocrite, loud mouth, Barrasso is a total disgrace to the medical profession and to the Senate. Apparently is a failure at both
FYI OBAMACARE IS WILDLY POPULAR IF YOU GO BY THE TRUE POLLS
You just made a fool of yourself on MSNBC. You didn't answer a single question. I'm sorry for the people of Wyoming.

Watching you refuse to answer @KatyTurNBC, shout her down, & lie your ass off. Can't wait to get you out of office #Stolen #Impeach #Resist
Yet you approve doing things to ruin the ACA. Perhaps you should TRY to I,prove it instead.
Who said it is free? Rather put $ in Medicare for all than line the pockets of ins. CEO's, some at $70,000 a day ! LIAR !

This clown is a rude jerk on TV interviews.
And everything he said was a lie
Liar.



We lose every damn thing you sorry excuse for a man.

You're lying about ACA!  If it's failing it's cause of the .@GOP Must be a prerequisite of being a Repub to be a liar!  #VoteHimOut
Who said it would be free?  Don't you understand taxes & funding?  It would still be cheaper than what GOP wants

32 countries that offer universal health care R wrong and U R right, Johnny? Me thinks every time U open your mouth the Kochtopus falls out.
But you are now supporting repeal/replace again. Why don't the 2 sides work together? Is our health after all. In USA, we rise/fall as one.
