#SinglePayer is the law in many advanced nations. Through GPO'S their costs are much lower. Time to drive out delusions. #TheResistance
The medical equipment, drug, and supply companies are forced to make ALL their profits in the US off out multi tiered insurance industry.
#ACA is not perfect but if @GOP stop threatening insurance fraud by not paying subsidies we have a base to build om.
#TheResistance has you on a shortlist. #BlueWave 2018

Study says Trump administration actions triggering double-digit premium increases on individual health policies: http://apne.ws/P5UfiY7 
Don't believe that is completely true, they just want a health care system that doesn't remove millions from coverage.
Be a TRUE conservative! Not a RINO! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare either! #UnitedforFreedom!
There is a system that is working & it's called Medicare. There is nothing "disastrous" about making sure everyone in US is covered.
Then find the votes.
JOHN BARRASSO is a HUGE TRUMP FAN  who voted to take away healthcare to give huge tax cuts to wealthy.  We get to wash therir limos.
Senator - We expect a #FullRepeal as you promised.
#FreeMarketSolutions
#UnitedForFreedom
@GOP voted for FULL REPEAL under Obama.  You knew he would veto! Don't be afraid of TRUMP! #UnitedForFreedom
Yes and the Republican plan was so great? You had years to come up with a ACA alternative? Wyoming deserves better!
You should join with Pres. Trump to "punish" Collins, Murkowski & McCain for their malice, weakness, hypocrisy & treachery to their voters!
Time for FULL REPEAL like you voted for under Obama. The gov has no business being in healthcare. Be the TRUE @GOP! #UnitedForFreedom
You are a doctor. Do no harm.
Stand #UnitedForFreedom & stand w/ #FreedomCaucus! #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal. #FreeMarkets r the answer! Innovation! Not gov't monopolies!
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED ONLY! NO trumpcare or other socialized medicine period! #UnitedforFreedom!
We need clean repeal.
Republicans will be blamed for Obama's mess
Do wrong thing is worse than doing nothing
#Constitution #Liberty #COS #FullRepeal #NoReplace
Please no single payer system.
Most valuable resource a country has is the people who reside in it. It's in the best interest of the country to have a healthy workforce.
Party over Country.
Please begin the reforms! Obamacare has harmed my family
we NEED a single payer system . What makes you think you deserve better medical care than the people you work for?
#Wyoming vote this liar out of office. He wants to sell you short and give tax cuts to rich and wealthy insurance cos. Single payer works
Do NOT trust paul Ryan
You are taking away 16 m people's healthcare in the middle of night
22 Million Americans without healthcare isn't a disaster?

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
What Americans also don't want is "junk bond" insurances plans that you seem to favor that will not cover anything.
Single Payer Works!
This is what's disastrous
You actions of contempt against the poor and weak at the request of your masters have earned you a shiny 30 pieces of silver. You earned it
Thank you for making it easier for 85% of American to vote against Repubs on November 8th, 2018.
It would only be disastrous for your donors. It would be wonderful for the rest of us. STOP TRYING TO KILL US!!!
You are a traitor
JOHN  - VOTES FOR DEATH
You are trying to screw all Americans out of the protections of the ACA. Why? #YourLastTerm
And what do the people of Wyoming want? Have you bothered to ask the people who put you there?
Go with carbon copy of UK or Australian healthcare - they cover EVERYONE, with better outcomes, for about half what we pay now for crap
Current bills keep Obamacare subsidies, Medicaid expansion, mandates, 5x prem for 50 & over. Get govt out of hc. #RealRepealNotFakeRepeal

Canadians, Swedes, Italians, French, Italians, Germans, etc-rioting in the streets over their disastrous healthcare. healthcare 4 profit sad
Yes to ObamaCare! Yes to single payer! Cut out the insurance companies! Vote NO TOMORROW PLEASE! Save OBAMACARE!
You are such an embarrassment to those of us in WY who actually think.
God watching and listening to your misleading untruths. Shameless!
Country before party! Improve don't repeal! How about allowing to women to help draft the bill? Have you no shame Senator?
Explain why none of these countries went back. Stop the sabotage FIX the ACA
As one of your constituents, I find it "disastrous" that you want the Senate to vote on this ridiculous, poorly thought-out healthcare bill.
Sir, #VoteNoTrumpcare it is more disasterous than any bill in history w 13% approval and a 87% disapproval! Americans do not want it!
Did you mention how the GOP has sabotaged Obamacare?
So lets get this straight, you complain how the Democrats want single payer yet the GOP in the last 8 yrs has done ZERO. NOTHING???
No decency left in you? #SaveACA
No actually we want a good single payer system, you know like the rest of the world has
Let's discuss your career performance as a physician and a self-promoting tv personality. Looks like you never grew out of egocentricity.
Did you mention how Repubs would rather millions of Americans not be able to have healthcare? Pretty important.
Single payer isn't even on the table. You're trying to manipulate us. The only thing on the table is the disastrous BCRA. Stop lying to us!
Yes, pls tell #USA the truth about how so-called "fail" of ACA is cover-up for repeal of 3.8% investment income tax vs. 20M+ lose insurance!
Enough is enough get this done now or republicans will face disappointed voters in 2018.
WHICH healthcare bill? I'm a conservative & feel you put our country at grave risk with your games.
Please save ObamaCare and fix what doesn't work. Please ask Mr.Trump to stop antagonizing the insurance companies!
You also lied, saying Dems have said up front they won't cooperate. They absolutely WILL cooperate on improving Ocare, just not repeal.
& your tweet, if not a lie, is at least misleading: 
-Not all Dems want single-payer
-Many who do are willing to compromise til it happens
Single payer is the best way to go. Most people want it. Most Doctors want it. You were paid to say it is bad by industries.
That's not what I read.  A single payer system would in fact save billions over the current ACA. Do you just make stuff up?
A single payer would have to save all that money! We would be cutting out the insurance companies.
You just want what your campaign donors want, screw the little guy
Repealing Obamacare would be disasterous for patients & Medicaid IS still helping the most vulnerable. @SenJohnBarrasso  is out of touch.
Sorry we missed you @ Frontier Days, Senator. 

When will you hold a #TownHall? We’ve been asking for months. We have questions.
Single payer isn't disastrous, it is simply mediocrity enshrined.

Pretty rich to call single payer disastrous when your plan takes coverage away from tens of millions and sports deductibles of $13, 000.
I want a single payer system because healthcare is a human right and the USA should support human rights for every human. Poor or rich.
Like Canada? Yeah, those people seem miserable. What about our Treasonous president?
Liar.
Town hall schedule Senator? Your constituents want to speak with you,  not just your donors.
Single payer system is just one more step towards socialism which has failed everywhere it has been tried. Yet liberals keep suggesting it.
Where has it failed?
https://mobile.twitter.com/Paxman42/status/888890449322274817 …

Sen. Murkowski committed “I will not support a reckless repeal process that leaves people hanging.”
That’s what Senate GOP plan would do. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/frontwardfairly/status/879510339162976257 …

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  

When GOP rejects false choice of repeal only or #Trumpcare on steroids, we are ready to work on bipartisan solutions that help all Americans
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …
