At least we are back to thinking CBO scores are trustworthy & important!
Ah, but watch as when Bernie's plan is scored at $658 quintillion, the Dem party suddenly has no use for the CBO.
Do ppl think CBO scores are new? Hopefully they'll treat it like every other time they've had a score come back higher than expected.
Each party makes excuses for high CBO scores or ignores them, but trumpets CBO scores they kept low with self-serving assumptions.
In my experience, their concerns are w/ specific CBO assumptions/methods. Often they just need walked thru it, but some are legit
wHY DIDN'T YOU CALL FOR A SCORE THE THE bullshit gop "HEALTH CARE BILL"? You're a lying sack of crap. #HYPOCRITE
Way to dodge Katy Tur's question. Why don't you stop deflecting & talking about Sen. Sanders' bill & the ACA & answer Q's on Graham-Cassidy?
What about the cost of your plan? Defect, deflect deflect.
Hey! Can we get one on Graham-Cassidy first!
Don't forget to include the cost of indentured servitude, imposed when others have a right to someone else's services.
Behind New Obamacare Repeal Vote: ‘Furious’ G.O.P. Donors (via @Pocket)
I actually think you need to score your bill first, since there will be a vote on it next week. #GrahamCassidy

@BillCassidy is all over TV grossly misrepresenting impacts of #GrahamCassidy…
Single Payer equals bad Medicaid for poor. Elite doctors for private (rich) people. Massive taxes for working class.
#GrahamCassidyBill Ends required employer provided insurance.. basic preventative care... pre existing conditions- it is a death sentence
All hype no truth. Obamacare is horrible for THOSE who have worked for a living. Great for those who won't.
#ACA shored up the uninsured who work their asses off without benefits MANY at min wage which is NOT a living wage. The "won't" NOT on #ACA
More urgently, please call for full @USCBO scoring and a proper debate of the #cassidygraham bill.
Hypocrisy by #GOP to demand CBO SCORE on singlepayer bill not not fully developed yet-WHILE Forcing VOTE ON UNSCORED #GrahamCassidyBill
RUDE Senator! The American people PAY YOU. Trump promised something better. If this bill isn't, you BETTER vote NO.
GOP #shyster won't answer question on pre-existing conditions, shouts over TV anchor instead.  https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/9/19/1699924/-GOP-Senator-shouts-over-anchor-to-stonewall-question-on-pre-existing-conditions?utm_content=buffer3e3df&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
Where's the USCBO of that garbage Republican Repeal and Replace bill you're supporting?  So full of shit.
No government run healthcare!
Does this mean that you will wait for a CBO score before voting on the #GrahamCassidyBill ? Good for the goose.....
Why couldn't you just answer Katie's question about whether ppl w pre existing conditions will pay more?? U support GOP death bill w no CBO!
So a family with menustrating women need to pay $17,000+ per yr / per each women... affordable?? just call it what it is- an #intercoursetax
Why are you working so hard to discredit his bill when you don't even have a clue what's really in yours? Maybe you should brush up on that.
How about we get a score for that pile of horse manure you're trying to sneak through?!
LOL! So you call for a report on that but you dont want a report out on #GrahamCassidy ? Sneaky & underhanded. #HealthCare
lol..and what about the CBO for Graham-Cassidy?
How about a score for your garbage bill first? Oh wait, you're gonna vote for it before you can get one. Barrasshole
Don't worry about that right now. Worry about Graham/Cassidy, a totally unworkable prospect for American health care. Vote NO!
Your 7 years of lying about Obamacare only go so far. Repeal and Replace is a total failure!
Don’t worry about Bernie’s plan now. Just vote down Graham-Cassidy.
And get an estimate of the Graham-Cassidy bill quickly!
Can't be worse than GrahamCassidy
Big words, what about UR actions? @SenateGOP better plan for the same for the #CassidyGraham garbage.
#NoScoreNoVote @SenateDems
But no complete CBO scoring for Cassidy - Graham? Hypocritical and evil
#GOP #prolifeuntilbirth -then they love inflicting pain on helpless children, elderly & disabled. While shamelessly funneling money to rich
You call for CBO to rate Sen. Sanders bill, but will push the deadly Graham/Casiddy bill trough without one!
Talk about double standards!
RE:  @KatyTur interview 

You own conservatism, but you do not own Christian  .... that's not how it works .. that's now any of this works
How about a full costing of the Shitburger healthcare bill you are promoting.  Liar and a hypocrite. Will give bigly to your next opponent.
the Republican message is go die,Sanders plan people get covered.
Need one on Graham-Cassidy first - BEFORE you SNEAK it in
COMPLETE REPEAL ONLY!!  GOVT NEEDS TO GET OUT OF THE HEALTHCARE BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!!!
NO to Obamacare-Lite & NO to Single-Payer!!
Is USCBO also providing full cost estimate for Graham/Cassidy?  All must go through regular order as Sen McCain said.
Yeah, and how about calling on the @USCBO to score #GrahamCassidy, you bleeping hypocrite?
Sir well let's wait til @USCBO score ur Crappy Plan- Okay then we'll know which is better- #GoldStarDad
You don't like it because the big pharm lobbyists tell you not to like it or they cut your money off
You just gave $700 BILLION DOLLARS TO THE MILITARY. More than Trump asked for. Don't bitch about what single payer healthcare costs.
Answer Katy Tur's question.  U can't keep harping on Obamacare.  You didn't answer about Graham Cassidy.  Can't blame u It's a crappy bill
When were your crazy ass a Doctor all Doctors takes an oath that swears to do no harm to the people, but U were on MSNBC trying to take AHC
Where is the CBO score for the crap bill the Senate is pushing, again? You are on Federal Govt. health care and WE pay for it ! Quit lying !
Where is your call for @USCBO full cost estimate of Graham-Cassidy ??

CBO score 4 single-payer but no CBO score 4 your flawed Graham-Cassidy bill U & the Kochtopus R trying 2 ram through…hypocrisy much, Johnny!
John, why don't you ask for a full cost estimate of the #GrahamCassidy bill as well? SAY NO TO GUTTING MEDICAID!

oh ffs. Bernie should tell them they'd get a score 48 hrs before they vote. (and NO HEARINGS) https://twitter.com/thehill/status/908428667675709440 …
So why didn't you also ask to see the full cost of what we NOW spend to compare? Shame on you!
Sounds great.  Bet it beats the crap you were peddling last spring.
Didn't want to wait for the CBO to score your plan though...
Only those who live on government freebies, want single payer. Single payer hurts the productive people who actually pay taxes
I thought the CBO was bullshit? Is it only accurate when tracking left-leaning proposals?
And it will be 50% of actual cost
I hope you benchmark it against what it will cost if we don't move it forward.
And I'm sure Congress will be exempt
Hypocritical @GOP
Have you done anything about the high rates of suicide in Wyoming yet? Seems relevant.
But I thought you only voted on bills before the CBO scored them. #SinglePayer
It didn't work in Bernie's Vermont. Odd that he of all people would push for this.
When $20 trillion in debt just isn't enough.
You do that – and it will show all the  we save on premiums, copays, and deductibles
Sure Senator...CBO means something now. But, I bet his plan would cover more people than that lousy repeal/replace bill you put out
Don't care about the cost, don't want gov involved in my health care..gov only F's things up
I hope they compare it to your failed Healthcare for Profit scheme.  Should be interesting!
"Healthcare for Profit"? you mean incentivizing trained individuals to trade their services and goods for financial gain? is that bad?
Not at all Nick.  What I object to is Health Insurance Executives pumping up premiums to increase profits to justify their Huge Bonuses.
mendacious huh?
I thought the GOP didn't believe in the CBO? Trumpcare would leave the most people without insurance!
When did you and @BenSasse  start thinking the CBO matters?
So now Republicans think CBO scores are important again.
When will YOU denounce racist  @realDonaldTrump who, again, says Nazis and KKK have the same moral standing as those who denounce hate.
Wyoming is ashamed of you
Wait... so now @USCBO scores are important? Accurate? Reliable? Cuz I thought you believed CBO was fake. Oh, just when it's abt Dem projects
Can't believe it hasn't been scored-don't you guys look at multiple options when you're trying to make a decision about the best way to go?
You mean the CBO tRUmp says is fake? Decide what is fake and what is real. Until then shut the F*^K up.
Pretty damned concerned about that..but you rushed in to vote on the other healthcare bills not giving two shits about having it done or not
I don't want socialized healthcare I like my pay checks I get my healthcare thru work the lazy people want things handed to them
Many people who work multiple jobs still can't get insurance through their work.
Not my problem why should I have to pay for them I have my own to family to take care of
Now you care about CBO scores? Putz.
Making me laugh. Didn't want to hear a thing from CBO when trying to end ACA.
Btw. A CBO analysis will reveal single payer is the way to go.
How much does Americans being sick for prolonged periods of time, or dying early cost America? Got that number?
Resign Senator.  *sigh* your terrible.
“You’re” terrible at spelling. DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT!
