What you are saying @SenJohnBarrasso is a lie. Look at all the other countries that have it. They are healthier and it cost less.
And every single western country has some sort of universal access EXCEPT the USA #shame
If America is so great, why can literally every other developed nation do it but we can't?
In Austria I waited a half hour to see a doctor and get a prescription—US$68. In Australia I waited 2 hours at an ER—US$50
In Baltimore? 9 hours in the ER waiting room and a US$580 co-pay, *with* stellar insurance.
is that the case in every country that offers their citizens healthcare? Check your statistics.
So glad that I don't live in a state that would elect someone like you to represent our interests!
Canada and millions of Canadians have a different point of view. #Canadaproud
Will it?  Because I'm already spending around 10% of my income per year on medical expenses, and getting close to zero service.
I've had 9 MAJOR surgeries, and I've never even seen a medical bill. #SinglePayer #Canadaproud 
Sure would be nice to pay half the price and have everything actually be covered.  SURE.  WOULD.  BE.  NICE.  >:(
Would NOT lead to rationing. That is a blatant lie.
Canada may “ration” by making people wait. In the United States we “ration” by cost.42% would not be able to afford health if seriously ill.
You mean your gouging days would be over and you insurance stock would lose value.


@BillCassidy is all over TV grossly misrepresenting impacts of #GrahamCassidy…
Unemployed for months, family on Medicaid. Absolute best coverage & care my family ever had. New job, high premiums, terrible coverage.
Sorry, but I'd rather pay higher taxes so everyone could have equal access to health care. Health care should be a right, not a luxury.
Spoken like a true Canadian from Wyoming . We believe sickest goes first - even if it's the bum in the street. #Canadaproud 
Haha, I knew I belonged in Canada!  I wish the US would adopt a similar healthcare ideology.
Please, Senator, stop inventing stories about our Canadian health care. None of what you said in this interview is true.
Same lies you told about Obamacare, which causes no rationing of health care services. Total Republican BULLSHIT!
Really?? Is that what happens in ALL the other countries that have it??? NO! Stop lying!
When we can't afford insurance due to GrahamCassidy we won't have any insurance .  Hippocratic Oath violated
Medicare for all will NOT deliver worse care. Whatever the cost of the REP plan it will deliver NO care.   Please STOP lying!
As a Canadian I can assure you our medical coverage doesn't run out after Halloween!! When will the lying and fear mongering stop ???
I second that. Proud to be in a country with universal access. Can't imagine wha it's like deciding between insurance and rent#CanadaProud
You: lying shitsack.
Senator, did you look at what Graham Cassidy would do to costs and coverage. Ask your constituents whether they prefer h-care or bombs.
Why We Need Medicare for All (via @Pocket)
Since you have no faith in government sponsored healthcare, how about you forego your government paid healthcare.
Nothing can be worse than the Graham Cassidy bill.  You must be a horrible person to not care about the health of millions of Americans.
Why does your party insist on using fear? You should be ashamed. All of #Wyoming should be as well. #FakeNews  #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Getting over $500,000 from insurance companies obviously had nothing to do with your position.
You are corrupt and need to go. #Wyoming.
You lie, & you're voting to hurt Veterans! Barrasso put's McConnell and D.C. before his constituents! Become educated voters. Never forget!
Bull puckey. Millions of senior citizens would disagree with you, and the market will adapt to the need like many other countries have done.
You simply don't know that. Health insurers and Big Pharma are killing us now as they make record profits. #Medicare4All
You're a shining example of what's wrong with our political system. Push your agenda, don't care about the American people. You're pathetic!
Will bring us into the year 2017, and out of the dark ages that you and your Putin Pals and Koch$uckers want to keep USA in. #Liar
we get terrible healthcare outcomes ranking #50 in effectiveness. How R these single payer healthcare countries ahead of us
Why do you bother giving interviews? What a smug prick you are. I'm ashamed that you live in a state adjacent to mine.
Says who? I just went on Medicare. The best thing to happen to me after YEARS and YEARS and YEARS without access to affordable healthcare.
I'm sure glad your wife has your health insurance. We don't. Liar.
Let's talk what will deliver "worse care", shall we, Johnny!
#ProtectOurCare And this is what @SenJohnMcCain supports. Shame on him. Shame on all of them. 

Hey #BarrassoTheAssO  this might have something to do with yr position
Hey Fucky Mc fuckerface ... it works in Israel and we pay 4 it ... STFU
I agree.
Healthcare is already rationed by the insurance companies.
Have you told your constituents on Medicare that they have terrible care? Did you provide worse care for them when you were a Dr? Ridiculous
Then come up with something better! Americans deserve affordable meaningful health care! The insurance companies are screwing us for living!
Sorry but no. Works fine in Canada. BTW, you lied on CNN, our healthcare doesn't "run out" if we have major issues. Who bought your soul?
You know that is false senator. I am sure you got that information from lobbyists.  It changes the insurer not healthcare. Be honest.
Yeah, just ask every other G20 nation (and dozens of developing ones) who've enjoyed it for years. They'll tell you it sucks #sarcasm #idiot
Can you reveal how much money insurance and pharmaceutical companies pay you ?
So over govt stealing my funds & redistributing to others! I work hard & have worked hard to provide insurance & benefits 4 MY children!
Americans spend more than double their western world counterparts on healthcare and die the youngest. Stop talking shit, John.
So what your suggestion!?
Where is your data?
10 years ago today, my sis was diagnosed with glioblastoma. Sadly, all we can celebrate is Cornyn isn't pimping latest #Trumpcare yet.
Ridiculous unfounded statement. Medicare does a fantastic job for seniors I would gladly pay an addititional  payroll tax
So Medicare for disabled and elderly is good but Medicare for all is bad?
Next is disability and SNAP. They don't want to pay for that either.
So, you are offering what????? Waiting.
So .@JohnCornyn and .@SenJohnBarrasso think that Medicare is bad! As an subscriber of medicare and I attest to it being very good! U R wrong
Is medicare more expensive than for profit plans? Total cost? You are lying in your statement.
And yet we Gave you the Presidency, The House and Senate and you guys still cannot accomplish ANYTHING. WOW so sad and sad next election.
Then explain to me how ALL these other countries can make it happen but we cannot.
You lied on @CNN today about Canada's healthcare system.  You are simply a shill for the insurance lobby.  Nothing more, nothing less.
Look dummy, the amount of money needed to pay for healthcare for citizens is more if you tack on insurance profits.  It is pretty simple.
Sounds like the boogieman, sort of like calling the ACA "Obamacare". Educate your voters on the pros AND cons of #MedicareForAll
I am so tired of that argument. Which insurance company wrote it for you?
And YOUR secret BCRA was better how? Oh yeah, you didn't have the balls to have TOWN HALL to explain. 13 mo. left B4 election! Sp long Doc
That is not what the @USCBO says.
@JohnCornyn  let's just keep it rationed by income, right guys?
It's the boogie man with healthcare for all. Run away, run away. How would you like to self medicate due to not able to afford doctor visit?
#MedicareForAll works in other countries, and delivers better care for less $. We can make it work here if we want to.
No it actually doesn't...do the research don't believe the lies
My wife and I are on Medicare and have no complaints.  Your claims are false!  Your Healthcare for Profit will fulfill these claims.
You're making statements not backed up with data! If you come w/ data then I can better understand your POV
Wrong. It's profit-driven insurance and drug companies that have led to rationing and rampant inflation. Enough is enough. Fix it!
John, I hate to tell you this, but your corporate donors are showing.  Woof, that's embarrassing.
So, pretty much like every Republican "plan" ever? 

I'll take my chances.
America lowest in health for industrialized nations. Socialized medicine breeds healthier humans. #dontdrinkkoolaid
Just give citizens the same care & coverage that our elected representatives receive.
Better to go with the Republican plan that kicks 22 million out of the insurance market and raises premiums?  Deserves some discussion
Should be less if the extreme profits are taken out of healthcare, especially lobbyists supporting senators...  always follow the money
Failed in Vermont
What's your plan? You don't mind rationing, as long as the rich get what they want.
More expensive than corporate welfare? Cut that out and I'm sure we'll be fine. We pay hundreds to health insurance right now.
Suck eggs partner.  Your plan is non-existent.  Y don't U tell people to just die......it will be cheaper for the wealthy.
The data doesn't support this. Costs in Europe are 1/2 that of US and outcomes are, for the most part, better.
NO WAY, #medicareforall will FINALLY PROVIDE RATIONAL SANE CARE TO AMERICA. It will eliminate waste, fraud and abuse, mostly DENIAL OF CARE
And doctors couldn't pay off their student loans.
Just say you hate poor people and go
How can it be MORE expensive than what we have?
That is fake news. Look at what works in the world. What about our medical bankruptcy problem here? Something has to give. No private ins.
Tell them the best part. How much of a personal and business tax increase is proposed. 
A delay in care is much better than what I have now...no care.
Hmmm sounds like our current system maybe you are confused. Does keeping people from accessing insurance count as rationing?
The only way govt can limit skyrocketing, out of control costs of #MedicareForAll is with "death panels" & third world doctors.
Wasn't aware they had those on all of these other countries.
Many countries let you die in the hallway if you don't have cash. There are 3 types of lies -- lies, damn lies, and statistics.
Which countries do this?
Many.
There are also an estimated 45,000 Americans who die each year because they lack healthcare, many more die needlessly - afraid to seek care.
No one in America is turned down for health care. They're lying to you.
They arn't turned down, they begin treatment and see the costs and face a dilemna. Leave their families with 100k's of debt or stop care.
Remember the little baby in the UK recently? Judge said no to treatment & then going home to die.
 That's single payer folks.
Rescission departments. Look them up.
You've had years and years to come up with something better, Barrasso. You're done. Perhaps if you had the courage to hold a #townhall?
Barresso has never been anything more than Mitch' lap dog.
What is your evidence?  We now pay 16% of GDP for health care yet countries which pay much less have better health outcomes and longer life.
Name them
If you mean countries w/ less #healthcare cost & better life expectancy:
Source
W.H.O

You have no alternative.
How much did your puppet-masters pay you to tweet this?
Yeah, we've heard that before.
