Nice try but you didn't go far enough...
When are you going to condemn @realdonaldtrump for his false equivalent comments about #Charlottesville?  Be a leader.
Nice but not enough. You are silent on @realDonaldTrump word and actions overall today. One can only conclude

And we are STILL WAITING for you to denounce the white supremacist groups & racist hate mongers who were involved.  Very revealing.
Violence & hatred is the "trump way." He needs to be called out and removed from office. He is a really bad man. It's horrifying.
Actually, violence and hate have always been the American way. Denying history, facts, science, math and reality is the America's GOP way.
How about the #racistInChieftRump coddling the racist thugs? Unless you call it how it is..u r #complicit...
geez, that's a pathetic response, nothing about Trump's rant?
Well you get the picture. KIRKS Will not vote or support you anymore
How about condemning the alt-right as a hate-group and terrorists? Come on, Senator. We Wyomingites want you to make a stand against racism.
Sen. Barrasso won't condemn Trump's racism of empowerment of white-supremacy groups. That's all we need to know.
Really? I guess they are the American way, the Pres said so. They had a permit, you know.
So saddened that you haven't said a word in the past 4 days?!  WTF is wrong with you? #ImpeachTrump
This tweet means nothing to the American people. You either step up and get rid of Trump or face the political consequences.
But you could not get healthcare done. What a sad state of CRONYISM.  Dr. Barasso, my Grandma OPAL KIRK WOULD GRAB YOU BY THE EAR AND
We are all counting on you to be on the right side of history. @realDonaldTrump does not understand the character if this nation. #impeach
Stand with Pres. Trump! He was courageous! The Southern protesters had a permit & even if some deemed "hateful" they have a right to protest
It's called domestic terrorism acted by white supremacists who voted for @realDonaldTrump -- who use his name to defend their actions.
Until you take a stand against the #RacistInChief your words are bull shit.
Prayers are good. So are votes. If you truly care, you'll work to uphold and strengthen the voting rights of minorities.
Less sadness about #Charlottesville and more action. Stop supporting racist POTUS and his assertion that KKK includes "good people."
Congress:  censure DJT. Your conscience and country require action.
DENOUNCE TRUMP BY NAME!!! Otherwise YOU ARE COMPLICIT in his NEONAZI ACCEPTANCE!!!!
Call a spade a spade and condemn those who are wrong - maybe the alt-right? Until you do, you & the @GOP are the #WhiteSupremacyParty
If you truly believe this is not the American way, then address @realDonaldTrump directly.
call out trump

Until you mention Trump by name, and call him out by name, and call out his actions by name, your words are just more empty breath.
So, earn your pension... help America! This crap has gone on long enough! #ImpeachTrump   #Impeach45   #ImpeachTrumpNow
I expected more of you senator. This response absolutely does not cut it.
Seriously??? Where do you stand with White Supremacists, Neo-Nazis, and KKK? You owe us an answer.
DO SOMETHING. Your inaction is consent.
Try again.
Do more than tweet and sending prayers. Take action against your President now. If you choose to do nothing, you're complicit.
Your whole party of Trump is associated with Nazi KKK. I bet Hillary Clinton would have respected you more. Better BOW DOWN b/c HE WON!
@realDonaldTrump just overtly sided with fascists. Is it time to cut the cord yet?
GOP is the Party of Trump and Charlottsville was a Trump rally. Now get him out of here.
Violence & hatred aren't American? You VOTED for Trump. I thought Obama was born in Kenya, started Isis, wiretapped a microwave? 
Fake news?
SAY THE WORDS: White Nationalist Domestic Terrorism!
Which victims, senator??? Denounce them by name! My family fought against Nazis and now nazis are marching in American streets!
you boys have courted these types of fringe folks for years, now the consequences of the desire to win at any cost is raising it's ugly head
Unsaid is that you and @POTUS don't specifically blame white supremacists and neo-Nazis. Typical GOP party reaction.
Can you *believe* how sad these nazi murders made @senjohnbarrasso?
Saddened by the events in #Charlottesville. Violence and hatred are not the American way. Prayers for the victims.
Demand that @POTUS condemn Radical #AltRight #Terrorism
Say their name...
Try again & maybe use the phrase "murdering white supremacist Nazi terrorists". #YourLastTerm
Just reassure us where you stand. Where do you stand with White Nationalist, the KKK, and Nazis? #showtheworld #Charolettesville
Considering how America was founded I'd disagree with this statement. However, I'd like to believe that we, as Americans, will rise above.
How about action for the victims? You can start by getting rid of the racists in our White House.
It's beyond time for you and your party to stand up to Trump and all he stands for. Otherwise, you are complicit.

Step up and impeach Trump for the love of God and country!
Don't even think about drawing an equivalency between the two! Color me disgusted. Wyoming is ashamed of you.
Nice generic vanilla response to a severe problem.  Your phone's keyboard could have done better.  Hope you enjoyed being a Senator.
What a pathetic response. Take a stand and condemn this action. Quit pretending you're a proctologist examining Trump. It's embarrassing.
Denounce the white supremacist terrorist movement responsible. Or would that offend your base of WY voters, the whitest state in the USA?
Call it like it is @SenJohnBarrasso do not pussy foot around what this was.
Uhm, actually hatred and violence *are* a big part of the American way. Your systematic violence against poor Wyomigites is another example.
Senator please denounce white nationalist and Nazis.
I mean if you can't dunk on literal Nazis, you're not a good guy.
Sorry, Senator, but this doesn’t cut it.  (Seriously, it’s taken you all day to come up w/ this?)

Try again.

And hold a #TownHall.
This works better when you call Nazi terrorists out by name
The @GOP started this hate crap so it's time for them to FIX IT!
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/2017/8/12/16138358/charlottesville-protests-david-duke-kkk …
@Aszneth @Lawrence @JoeNBC @billmaher Prayers for them are late. Your Sad. No your support of Trump is SAD. Victims better off with out you.
Also your one of the Senators who want to kill millions of people by taking health care away. So you just like the Haters there.
We are ALL victims so long as Donald Trump remains in the presidency.
Weak attempt, Senator. Very weak.
You can do much better, Senator. Condemn #WhiteSupremacy, #racism, and #bigotry and stop pussyfooting around hurting #nazi feelings.
