Wrong. It is not urgent. You are just a McConnell cronie.
Did you forget your oath as a physician? First do no harm. #TrumpCareKills #SaveMedicaid
I Trad Every message On Here & NO SUPPORT FOR THIS BILL MAN!! WE NEED TOWN HALLS ASAP! I GOT LUCKY & CAUGHT HIM @ STORE! HE IS OUT OF TOUCH!
GOP #HealthcareBill strips patient protections: Harmful annual/lifetime limits, more $ 4 less coverage, unaffordable
A lot in this paragraph: higher out of pocket spending, return of annual AND lifetime limits, removal of Essential Health Benefits. 
Not a good bill
Again this is not about revenge against OC its about real Americans. Get real and start representing with real hlth care options, or go home
You & the rest of the GOP have been sabotaging the ACA since day one John. Your goal was to destroy it, even if it hurt ppl
U say 28 million Americans are currently uninsured —  the CBO says this could nearly double under your plan - but rich get a tax break
Fact is lots of Americans benefitted from ACA. Your lies are just that LIES! You should be ashamed.
And lots of Americans premiums doubled then some,I detest paying for someone else..
Hate paying for all those vets problems also?  Probably just another whiny draft dodger like Trump and Nugent.
I am opposed to the healthcare plan you and your GOP have written behind closed doors without Democrats and without women.
Feels like 2009 huh ?
Not replace,  repeal repeal .  Free market get the gov. Out of our healthcare. Come on guys who do you think you are fooling . No one
Don't you mean disruption from your party not allowing Obama to do what he wanted to do and needed to do for us you're blinded by greed
BIGGEST QUESTION WILL YOUHAVE THE BALLS TO HOLD TOWNHALLS& SPEAK W/VOTERS OR WILL YOU BE A COWARD WHICH WE WILL LIST B4 HC VOTE 4 ALL VOTERS
Have you thought about what Trumpcare will do to the American ppl?  Death? Bankruptcies! Domestic violence, child abuse,
Sorry, how will WY pay for the uninsured when we refuse to expand medicaid and the fed defunds it?
Obamacare is working great in my state...Fix the RED states where it isn't working
What is wrong with repealing and NOT replacing? Why not return to pre-Obamacare instead??
You should be ashamed of your blind loyalty over the welfare of the American people, idly sitting by as Trump dismantles everything.
By the way, the current out of pocket is no different than what I had under employer plan 20 years ago. So what do u think would b now?
It's urgent to break the backs of seniors?  It's urgent to jack up our costs up to 10X what we are paying now?
Try fixing what is already in place. ACA is a good start.
It needs to be improved, not replaced. The only reason it is "collapsing" is because Trump is sabotaging it. You have no good replacement.
unwanted pregnancies.Drug abuse&mental health problem increases. You have no idea the pressures you are going to put on ppl
Rural hospitals will close under the GOP plan!!! Read the Casper paper
Tell that to my son who was on chemo for two years & has pre-exsisting cond. Think beyond your own wallet and do what is right!
why didn't u work WITH Democrats to FIX  the law of our land???  makes u look bad, bad, bad.
So what have you been doing in 7 years that u didn't have a bill to introduce?
No it's urgent Dems & Rep work together to save and strengthen ACA. Raising rates are because you are trying to squeeze it to death.
#Obamacare has been godsend to my family after husband lost benefits due to early-onset #Alzheimers in 50s, I'm selfemployed. Affordable!

Your'e doing no such thing, you should be ashamed of your self.LIAR, Mr. F Liberty score.
Way to go!  A HUGE 16% of Americans support your healthcare bill.  The rich are cheering for their tax cut however!  Money in your pocket!
And that's all that really matters - Money.  I hope his god has mercy on his soul because I'm sure his devil will not.
Trump and the rest of you evil jerks want it gone because YOU named it Obamacare IT is named ACA and the public knows it you should resign
Republicans had 7 years to develop a new plan - you failed - so when get chance - 13 men decide on bill - no debate - but give rich tax cut
@senjohnbarrasso, the senate bill is not a health care bill, it is a tax cut for the rich. We should call it what it is
Urgent for you pass a bill that the AMA opposes & insurance companies getting massive tax cuts approve.  Harming people for political gain
It's more urgent that the 562,183 West Virginia residents you want to take Medicaid from vote you out in the next election.
Take initiative.  No recess for congress until this healthcare bill is accomplished.  U have an election in 2018, set the example, no recess
You're fine betraying your Hippocratic oath and the voters?
Your #HealthCareLESS, #NoCare, #Greed, talk about #DeathSpirals. You should be a mortician.
Read the comments of BHO/ ACA fans, we are trying to wrench free from a cult.
Also interesting to watch today: Obama presser from June 23 2009, as he took 30 min of questions on his health plan. 
No....it is urgent that DeathCare be stopped before thousands die and millions loose insurance!  HeathInsurance FOR ALL!
It must be all the help you and Enzi gave.  SAD!!!
get a life Quack
Repeal, not replace. Then investigate why healthcare costs so much.

Both Barrasso and Enzi on this short list of donations.
You & @SenatorEnzi  had 7 years to create a bill we could all get behind. This is your best effort? Sad.
You're a doctor & prolife Catholic. Can't begin to express my disgust & disappointment in #AHCA . You need to reevaluate what prolife means.
You promised a bill that would be an improvement. It's not. Fortunately, you and your staff are executed. Aren't you the lucky ones.
If this is so great hold a town hall and lets all talk. You won't? Then you know its not great either and you can't face the voters. COWARD!
Senator, I don't know who you are trying to hood-wink but this is NOT a replacement. It will hurt millions of people & you know it. Shameful
No, not really since #Trumpcare will screw over 20 million plus Americans your Senate bill cuts entitlements and gives rich huge tax cut
U are returning to the era of pre Affordable Care Act. Zero improvement. Shameful!
Genocide of the USA citizens is what you support,  those who survive  will remember! We want same healthcare you took for your greedy self!
What insurance plan do you have? Who is paying your premiums ?
Is it so urgent that you would be sending letters to your supporters that have outright lies in them? Typical republican grifter
Dr. Wayne O. Southwick would be sorely disappointed in your lack of compassion-a black mark on the YOA. Shameful
Because the last 7 years will seem great once GOP kills Americans by taking away healthcare to gift the rich. #ACHA
By screwing over the poor, young, elderly, and those suffering from addiction?  How does a tax cut to the rich Fox Obamacare?!?
Of course I meant "fix" Obamacare. But somehow I'm sure Fox is involved anyway!
I am one of your constituents.  When will you hold a #townhall so you can hear us, you cowardly shill?
I am disgusted by your work in this legislation. You are removing affordable access to healthcare from those most in need. Shame on you.
You should have your medical license pulled. And you know it. You won't even face the citizens of Wyoming let alone do right by them.
#PrimaryBarrasso2018
vote him out! Only cares about his financers lining his pocket. Peabody, Western Energy Alliance, & BCBS.
The GOP will be crucified upon this bill
The Senate #ahca  bill will hurt people.Do U care? R the lives of millions worth more or less than the fortunes of a few?
A flexible workforce must be free from employer-based, state-specific health care. And they have to be able to afford HC for their families!
Show us you have some balls. Give it a test run on yourself and family before the American people. #ConstituentsAreWatching
wouldn't it be better to fix what we have, instead of trading it for something that looks even worse.....common cents works
Not with this garbage. You were 1 of 13 men behind the curtain writing this crap. It's time to replace you as Senator of Wyoming. #outin2018
Self-emp since 98 buying ins MN/ID/WA so remember free market hell & high risk pools bef ACA. Appears amnesia afflicts many GOP legislators.
Fix it. Simple to do. I promise u, Trumpcare will blow up the entire medical system. Corporations will freak out as grp ins pays uncmp care
Disruption/death spiral as GOP refused any fix/changes OR to fund promised ins losses > actuarial forecast based on 50 state medi expansion.
You mean it's urgent we act now to cut riches on the wealthy. Don't pretend that's not what this is about. #NotAHealthCareBill #Wealthcare
Taxes. Derp.
You have yet to reply to my emails or hold a town hall to face your constituents.
You're a liar AND a coward. I wish you knew enough to be ashamed.
ALL major medical professional organizations oppose #AHCA You talk of more freedom without a mandate ... At what cost? And to whom? 
As a doctor, you should be ashamed that you had anything to do with this abomination. Face your constituents.
Disruption of insurance company profits, disappointment in your bribes being less coming from them. GFYS grifter.

You have been given data that shows how catastrophic will be for WY so don't pretend this will help anyone but the very wealthy. Shameful.
Nah - fix it, don't repeal it. It was a start - now make it bigger and better 
Your disregard for the Hippocratic Oath and the AMA Ethical guidelines is simply astonishing. This is a Medical Scorched Earth Policy.
mmmm ... who caused that disruption and disappointment. The GOP.
Sorry just be clear.  You have disrupted and disappointed now it's time to get on with ruining millions of American's lives?
Senator, when will you meet w/ #Wyoming voters this weekend to discuss the #AHCA?  Where are the locations?

This is important.
Barrasso, Enzi and Cheney are liars, cowards...and well a bunch of the p***ys Trump grabbed. They have daily Trump orgasms, lol.
No Sir....
Glad you're fulfilling your campaign pledge to kick 24 million people off their health insurance and raising deductibles.
Liar. Shameful.
It is a tax cut for wealthy people.
Seven years of coverage for pre-existing conditions, Medicaid expansion, better preventive health. #AHCA has nothing to do with health care.
