Yeah that's it coal is our future. I'm going to go and listen to my 8-track tapes now.
how is drinking poison water a victory?
Great, more black lung. #Our Revolution
who are you and what have you been doing for the last 20 years? You are the swamp that @realDonaldTrump needs to empty!!
The market says coal is dead and dying.  Don't you believe in the free market?
Coal us dead due to market forces, in other words, natural gas is extremely inexpensive compared to coal.
You mean coal companies, don't you?  #Our Revolution and more black lung, with no heath ins. #OurRevolution

The decline of the Coal Industry has more to do with cheap natural gas.
Allowing large coal corporations to pollute water sure is a win for your constituents
And lined your pockets. Heard you were pretty cheap, too. Vote with your constituents or get voted out.
Yes, huge need for coal since natural gas is not doing  well. Water contamination, no biggie. #Corrupt
Someone please get this doofus out of office.
Believe he's up for re-election in 2018!
I gotta work on getting @SenToddYoung out.  Taking money from DeVos...  among other things.
Believe he is one of many that has received money from DeVos
How much did you get paid to allow our environment to be ruined?  You grandkids will also have to live w the pollution.
it's about time someone protected my drinking coal from that damned water. Nothing like a nice cool glass of drinking coal!
so, you thinking coal country is just a stock option, or do you consider it a trade that everyone wants, cuz it's not!
major Victory for Russia I'd say. You trader!  Open your damn eyes.
Not a victory for our state.
Dumping coal mining waste and polluting streams and waterways won't revive the Coal Industry.
coal country also needs quality public education! Please vote no on DeVos, our children deserve better! #blockdevos
and poisoned the water supply. You proud? We don't need more coal. There's better/cleaner energy sources.
and a huge blow to health of people living near coal... #sad
polluting water is considered a win? Wtf  is wrong with you?
how much did mining companies pay you senator? They'll destroy the env't & miners won't have ACA but at you got $$$$ so hey
they paid him enough to get his vote. That's all that matters.
I would think safe and clean streams and waterways would be a matter of nationwide concern and importance.
Because Americans deserve black lung instead of retraining for clean energy technology jobs.  #MAGA
coal country. Ridiculous. We're not going back to dirty coal. Ur  deceiving coal workers. They need to retrain ur a liar
polluting streams is a major victory?
coal mining is a dead industry you should be focusing on clean renewable energy
Except for the people who drink water from streams/rivers in coal country. They will be poisoned. But yeah, a victory.
will it effect water for the top 1%?
more people to get black lung disease while trump takes their health care away.
Our children deserve better.
Putting coal ash in streams? What a great idea.
Really, how victorious will the miners and their families feel when they can't breath and have no healthcare? Abhorrent!
Yeah 'cause dumping waste in streams won't hurt GOP lizards!
or is it a major victory for corporations to contaminate streams and put the health of children and communities in danger?
Yay! Now more people can drink poisoned water!
So destroying clean air and water is not too high on your list of priorities.  #You'reAnEmbarrassment
Vote against Devos! Prove that you aren't just McConnell's pet!
shame on you
you are a complete loser.  We don't need coal anymore and you protect it like corn subsidies.  Joke
By hurting Americans with poisoned water? What are you thinking? It's shameful!
you mean dirty energy companies. Be truthful.  Put the coal workers to work on clean energy. Pretty damn simple.
Don't you mean the Coal Companies!
No it was a major victory for illness,empty promises and climate change deniers.
You're disgraceful! Did you ask your constituents what they wanted? Do you even listen once you're elected? Of course not.
and a setback for those wanting to work in the future.
We need more coal - what a bunch of shit. We need tobacco farmers too.
and screwed people that like clean water.  Good job of making planet inhabitable for our grandkids...
#gopareassholes
Cough cough- who needs clean air and water anyway.Cough cough
Just don't drink the water.
COAL has destroyed fresh water in eastern Ky ever seen a slurry pond we got thousands Thx GOP
Correction Mr. Barrasso, the only victory today was for the coal industry and you. NOT the people or the earth. Shame on u.
Coal has no future. So essentially you're telling coal country, you all have no future. Way to pat yourself on the back
And a major step back for health of or kids and future generations. But enjoy the lobbyist gifts.
Instead of polluting water, can you check fact check this: http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/2/2/1629117/-Trump-didn-t-bother-to-show-up-in-Situation-Room-for-botched-Yemen-raid?detail=facebook … & http://www.businessinsider.com/us-military-officials-trump-ordered-raid-in-yemen-that-killed-us-navy-seal-was-approved-without-sufficient-intelligence-2017-2 …? #ImpeachTrump
"major victory for coal country" translates to "misguided short-term boon to duped miners that hurts all of our air"
bet bought stock in breathing masking "high style accessory" brought to u by GOP
When do we start watering crops with Brawndo?
victory for coal,loss for clean water
Too bad you are one of the volunteer 'The Human Centipede'
you're essentially fighting to save stoker jobs on steam engines when there are new technologies taking their place. Evolve
so basically you're for polluting our waterways. Good to know.
Poisoning our water supplies is a victory? Guess that Murray Energy investment in you paid well. You should be ashamed.
Source: @SenJohnBarrasso's second largest campaign contributor over the last 5 years is Murray Energy:
Murray Energy is the largest coal miner in the U.S. Selling out your constituents for only 40K? Pretty cheap, huh?
Awesome. Let me go take down my solar panels and demand that NV Energy fire up those furnaces again.  #DigUpStufftoBurn
Trump is a fraud, a liar, and is going to sell America off for parts. Please stand up to that fascist before it's too late.
And a big loss for clean water and farmers
