https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/01/republican-senators-paris-climate-deal-energy-donations …
We know who the Judases of nature are
5) Who can we run whom will be honest, have integrity and care about the people in this state? @MollyJongFast  @DumpTrump382 @WyoBronco
$728,766. That's what it took to get Barrasso to agree on the Paris Climate Agreement.
2) immediately regretted his decision as Barrasso even back in 2007/08 made decisions detrimental to Wyoming, was anti-environment, big oil
the only thing harmful is you!  say byebye to your seat
This is not a partisan issue. As of June 2017, 195 UNFCCC members have signed the agreement, 148 of which have ratified it.
There's that stupid talking point again — a "bad deal". A nice 3-letter word deluded #deplorables can easily understand, right?
Just saw a commentary on fox regarding comey testimony  point on  we have other issues needing address wasting my tax$ on russia colusion
#ParisAgreement isn't a bad deal for our country, just a small minority of corporate interests. Please don't pretend to represent all of us!
Be specific... In his case, the green might be money.
You might be right; the top 2 industries in WY are mining & government. I'm not his constituent but #ParisAccord represents all US citizens.
A bunch of rich Republicans?  Who would have believed it?!? #DonnyBluster #Unfit #ImpeachTrump #MakeAmericaSmartAgain

Matthew 5:9
Blessed are the peacemakers, For they shall be called sons of God.
HO HO HO......Santa Claus
Explain why Trump, his Repubs and Syria believe they know more about climate change than the rest of the world? Ignorant Jerks!  #VoteGopOut
Thank you for supporting our president..
4) access because of his hatred of Obama. He has been a DJT lapdog and he is one of  DJT's ****holsters. You all want him gone as well as me
3) contacts/money, made deals to run all insurance companies out of Wyoming because of contacts in one company and limited our
Wake up libs and learn...#baddealhttps://youtu.be/rzFYrV35NMM

Murray Energy donated $44,781 to YOU.
Barrasso received $585,822 from big oil and coal over the last 5 years. 

Oil is yesterday. Green tech is the business of the future. Will be trillions of dollars there. Can the U.S. afford to miss out? https://twitter.com/EUwatchers/status/870371463139905539 …
We can't wait to retire you.
He didn't mind taking $585,822.00 from coal, gas and oil interests.
1)Barrasso did not win a first election, he was appointed by the governor at the time when the sitting senator died. Gov. Freudenthal almost
A bunch of idiots! Noted...
What Mr Fart has done is a BAD deal for everyone, including Amercans.
Losers
Thank you.  Those commenting in support of Paris Agreement do not know specifically what it does - bankrupt US and kills jobs.
And this why you agree because you were paid off.
Oil & gas: $458,466
 Coal: $127,356
 Total: $585,822
#TheResistance
Party over country & climate trumps any rational thought process & obstructs science & scientists on climate. U.S. aligns now w/Syria.
Amen
Shameful
U r a #DomesticTerrorist & ur children will bear the burden of ur name.
Im all the way in Japan seen where Wyoming was part of this  Of all the states with national parks n wildlife we should be leading the way
I'm guessing your re election won't go so well.
Good to leave accord (or renegotiate). China builds new Global Carbon Footprint 'Belt&Road'; "While US loses a few mining jobs" - H Clinton
what a bad deal is screwing over your kids and grandkids when they have no future because you f-ed up the planet.
This will be your legacy and it's not good! #Trumprussia
Huh. 
#DonorsBeforePlanet

I'm disappointed, I'd thought as a doctor you'd sworn to do no harm. I mistakenly thought that carried to the rest of your life.
Can't wait to see who they vote for as your replacement. ur an embarrassment to what it means to be American. Good job comrade.
You sir are a bad deal for the planet. Shamefully shortsighted putting partisanship before the welfare of our children and grandchildren!
Stupid! God will judge you harshly for failing to protect his creation.
Well of course you do because you are bought and paid for. I hope getting rich is worth America. Enjoy this while it lasts because it wont.
Look. You got $728,776 for your part in destroying our world. Proud of yourself?
A public declaration of your incompetence. Noted.
You all seem to be in a vast minority
What do people in Wyoming know about anything?
Short-sited and egocentric is what the decison was today. You don't care about our country or the planet. Shame.
Shame!
I hope your ass gets voted out. Clean energy creates jobs & you know, saves the planet..
You do know that we lead the world in lowering our CO2 emissions right that they are lower now than they were before you were born?
You would think that I hope you don't have grandchildren because you just ruined there future
You are wrong...again! Making America small and harming the future of the planet is not smart....it's evil! We need leaders not quitters
Cannot wait for the day all you fools are locked up
Let yours and your family lungs get the fullness of the consequences of breathing lots of harming CO2
SUPPORT TRUMP
SUPPORT TRUMP
Trump filed bankruptcy several time now he is bankrupting our planet.  Problem is there is only one planet
U will not be re-elected..... ever.
Boy oh boy all you a*shat GOP'ers weighing in in support! We know where the money is! In your pockets! Shameful! 
Insanity
And I thought NOBODY could be as big a fool as Trump. THANKS FOR PROVING ME WRONG! When you gonna have TOWN HALL you cowardly POS?
Thank you Committee chair @SenJohnBarrasso & @EPWGOP for supporting @POTUS exiting harmful #ParisAgreement! Protecting American workers!!
You will fail re-election. #parisAgreement Only bad for money grubbing CEOs. You will not get re-elected for this reason.
@conniebogart54 @SenJohnBarrasso the weather changes all the time global warming is just a taxpayer's money grab
Ignorance can no longer be an excuse.....read
You guys are nuts!
Another step into the wrong side of history. This will be remembered on Election Day
@VP Hope that you defund every single action associated with climate change today!
#FuckCoal

#turn2018blue
Shame on all of you for supporting this buffoon!
Look at all the Republicans backing up their poutus   You will-all go down with him
Yeah. I much prefer the alternate nuclear Holocaust option which Trump has chosen.
Holy hyperbole!!!!
Fantastic
Ignorant
Unbelievable. @SenJohnBarrasso is a pathetic excuse for a Senator and an embarrassment to Wyoming.  Shame on you all.
Those in favor of this decision should obviously go back to school or pick up a damn updated textbook!
CO2 down 12% since the 90's now if everyone would stop passing gas it would be even lower.
GREAT DECISION...I NEVER BELIEVE THAT BULLSHIT
Try reading
I will remember you and all who supported this stupid decision.  Greed stole your common sense!
once again making terrible decisions for Wyoming and the world.
Any intelligent person would not applaud this decision.
We will lose jobs and fall behind the world now.
#Nope

Democrap
