goes light on cops who had sex with minor #celesteguap but tries to take down a service vastly used by CONSENTING ADULTS
thought you were an honorary sex worker? Why you want to see us homeless & starving? #sexworkiswork
That 3rd one. Yes - @KamalaHarris - we are counting on you to protect our public lands & wilderness.
yes
Yep you fought for SOME to detriment of others by colluding with @PPact in restriction of first amendment rights. #gotojail
Kamala, I'm voting for you girrrrrrl!
Preserve US control over internet! 
.@KamalaHarris also wants to limit free speech (force nonprofits to disclose donors) and fines schools who resist being unionized (K12).
Except when the voice of the people of California spoke loudly to pass Proposition 8, right?  Where were you then?
Kamala Harris is a total disaster, under her watch crime has soared to new heights! Do not put this virus in the US senate!
Kamala, please start by cleaning house in the Democratic Party.
we don't need another San Francisco politician telling us how to live.
you went to lunch with Dolores Huerta. Ok sis
I'm 25 year old Latina and I'm voting for you and I hope Latinos watch debate highlights and vote for you too.
Wells fargo illegally conducted fraudulent activities yet these criminals are still free.Wheres the justice..your accountable
Before I vote for you, I need to know where you stand on the TPP & FRACKING? Very important to me, family & friends.
stop letting Californians die on the streets... vote for Loretta Sanchez and not not this socialist wannabe dictator
- I'm an ESL teacher in Monterey. What was your view on Prop 227 in 1998? Would you support bilingual education?
the $20Billion didn't go to homeowners. U should be ashamed. U failed us. U fought for the #TeachersUnions against students.
also BUSTED with PP writing big government law against common people whistleblowers. Beware

Social Justice? Define. The only thing I've seen you do is protect illegal aliens, attack police & our 2nd Amendment. #SJW
.@KamalaHarris excellent. I'd be happy to make sure you have the tools you need to take on Washington with or without election to Senate
.@web_republic @KamalaHarris good idea. I don't feel like waiting for permission
hello dear friend.  I am very happy to meet you here. It's really great day for me as a little one to connect you big one.
.@KamalaHarris have you talked to @autistic_speech ? There seem to be some missed justice opportunities, shall we say, @PresidentOfCA ?
.@welfare_fascism @KamalaHarris @autistic_speech I concur
Can you explain why housing prices in CA so ridiculously high? Homeownership is no longer available to the average consumer.
Kamala you're simply beautiful with all due respect a total knock out!  My best wishes to you and your family
if @SenGillibrand endorses you,  I would rather see this Kamala elected
hey, what about Kate Steinle?
In a word, NO.
'Fought for oscial justice' 'Defended... climate change law'. So, in other words, she is insane. @SenGillibrand
Our soldiers fight, you talk, learn the difference
Let's pray that Harris doesn't represent Ca as our new senator, she's a typical liberal bought and paid for hack!
1. Lie. 2. Lie. 3. Lie. 4. Lie. 5. Lie. Score as AG: "F." Now you want a promotion? That's laughable.
Have been watching you through the years, you have my vote. Some people AG are still overlooked, let's see that change
.@KamalaHarris Did you fight for her by upholding Sanctuary Cities?
@chompie97 About that $20 Billion for struggling (defrauded) homeowners, can you verify it's actually gone to those ppl? Nope.
Harris has never "fought" for anything in her entire life. She is a child of privilege and a lifetime government hack.
If our "Top Cop" is smart on crime, she should explain why California had a shocking 10% increase in violent crime in 2015.
@rm1268 what about GW and Florida.
so were you the one that helped decide to pay criminals to not do crime?
Fought to keep criminals on the st. Fought to keep guns in the hands of illegal alien murderers. Fought to stay on gravy train
Edwin Ramos?
for President 2024
