you're all getting it wrong. It was the Republicans kicking voters off voting rolls and closing polling places that did it.
Stole the election I mean. The Russians just helped with their shenanigans.
Stop blaming Russia. U lost with a corporate, Wall St. apologist 4 a candidate. Get back to grassroots and move on!
We the people are relying on you and all other moderate thinkers to uphold the integrity of our democratic process. Thank you
how about our failure to prosecute torture under Geneva conventions??
Thank you, Sen. Gillibrand. As a constituent, I'm grateful that my representatives in Congress are on the right side of this.
@summerbrennan independent investigation
Hillary gave the daughter of the Muslim Brotherhood access to her unsecured server & classified info. Maybe they hacked her.
Y is there no anger 4 Hillary?  She invited hacks by using unsecured server.  Ronald McDonald could have hacked her.
And we thank you.
What does "call for" mean? What is being DONE? What is the ACTION being taken? We are in crisis.
Me too!!!  Fight hard....millions of Americans are terrified.
the constant excuses/blame to why HRC lost is disturbing. Blame everyone but yourself. Dems lost this round. Get over it.
Thank you Senator! Please push for this to get to the truth sans partisanship.
.@SenGillibrand C'mon sweetheart, you know who it was. Not the Russians. A select committee of chickens is useless. You be brave and say it!
Russians did not influence election beyond exposing Hills emails.  Grateful!  Don't kill the messenger.
thank you for pursuing the review and keep pushing!!!
Please act without delay to protect our country.  I don't want to be in nationstate of Russia
Wow weren't so concerned with Russia when Obama was offering "more flexibility" or when Clinton gave them uranium deal.  Why?
Yes this should disturb all, regardless of who you voted for!  Keep speaking up!
Thank you
.@SenGillibrand in addition to "a bipartisan call" what can be done? What steps are you planning to take? Thanks for fighting for us.
Thank you!
thank you.
thank you! 
Instead of wasting time on that crap Why don't you do something for the 65 and over GET RID OF SCHOOL TAX FOR SENIOR'S
omg this is such a huge espionage situation Repub. want to wipe under rug !! Noo way - go get em Kirsten ! & b our next prez
Wikileaks pointed out lies and dishonesty, and probably didn't come from Russians, did you think about that?
Do you think Clinton's classified got hacked on her personal server, and she should go to jail?
If it is found that Trump cooperated with Putin, can Trump be tried for treason? #TryTrumpForTreason
Let "We the People" see info DECLASSIFY! At very least let Electors have security to view CIA brief ~ Russia votes for Trump.
Do you and @SenSchumer really believe that Russia hacked the election results to give Clinton 2 million more votes?
there's no evidence they did anything. #RedScare2.0
thanks Senator!!
you should've been worried when you learned of Hillary's private server.
as are most of us. Grateful for the call for a select committee investigation.
I agree!
Thank you Senator. I'd also like to take this time to urge you to fight Rex Tillerson as #SecretaryOfState.
Here's the first place they should look: The Weakest Link
I am sure @SenateMajLdr will get right on that.
Don't jump to conclusions wait for it.... It's all BS senator, move on
undermines my faith in any kind of america i thought i lived in

gillibrand2020
we need an independent investigation. Congress cannot be trusted
This is worse than Watergate. Please tell your colleagues to investigate.
Thank you! I'm counting on you and @SenSchumer to lead us through this challenging time.
Have you seen something definitive or just hearing of "reports"? Did you call for a bipartisan inquiry into Hillary's email?
- thank you!
Thank you for standing up as an American.
I just love the fact that you abbreviated "very" to "v".  So hip.
we have 2 stand strong 2return respect 2Hillary and Bill and their long service 2our nation and not allow this 2B stolen.GOKG
Seriously?  The only good thing about an HRC win would be watching Bill let loose amongst the interns.
Make it 1000 times as fierce as the Benghazi B. S. Don't let up.
Thank you!
This should be a non-partisan issue.  A repeat must not happen.
I'm a constituent of yours and I thank you!
Second
Thank you.
while you folks are at it, we would like to know how classified documents ended up on a pedophile's laptop.
Thanks for addressing this. We need OUTRAGE from our Dem Senators. Game is different. No more nice.
yes, let's investigate, and while we're at it, let's look at the content of all those hacked emails again.
Thank you!
@SpeakerRyan Should be ashamed of himself for not joining the bipartisan call for investigations. #ElectoralCollege
Related, please think about this too - "A big change to US broadcasting is coming" http://wpo.st/e4mL2 
thank you, and please keep fighting!
Better Move Very Soon @SenGillibrand Electors actually vote for POTUS next Monday! #WhereDoWeGoFromHere? Constitutional Crisis?
As a New York voter, I'm happy you are doing this.  When will you act to help get rid of the electoral college?
never! Why should every other state be at the whim of a few areas? Understand y it's in place. #termlimitsnow
Wyoming vote weighs 3.6 times more than an individual Californian’s vote. EC is a sham http://wpo.st/YhnL2 
thank you Senator Gillibrand.
Move to Russia Justin or are you already in Russia!
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand! #hero
