Thank you for raising your voices & speaking out. I stand ready to oppose the forces of hatred, bigotry & intolerance at every turn.
@rehes .
. Please do what you can to prevent this appointment of Bannon.
please post an official statement asap and do all to fight to rescind the appointment of neonazi- white supremacist Bannon
David is ok with Bannon
Steve Bannon is a friend, and no anti-Semite.
We need more than your concerns against Bannon. We need you to stand against this racist anti-Semite's appointment. #staywoke
I would like you to ask senators not approve the appointment of Stephen Brannon!
great!   What tools will you use to actively oppose this and other racist appointments?
I am against Steve Bannon being appointed as Trump's Chief Strategist. Thank you for representing me.
thank you. I hope this concern includes future AG Sessions as well.
Thank you, Senator. I called your office yesterday to add my voice. Please do all you can.
I AM HORRIFIED. PLEASE PEASE OUT AGAINST THE APPOINTMENT OF STEVE BANNON!!! PLEASE!
Can't get through via phone, but add my name to the tally of concerned citizens against Mr. Bannon. Thank you for your work!
Kirsten I feel the same.  Please keep that feeling
Thank you senator, this is very concerning!
it's his ties to White Nationalists that is concerning.
@JustinPulitzer does this guy concern you? Any concerns  over him??
No, I'm a Bannon fan. I do however question Sen Gillibrand's judgement. She voted for the horrible Iran Deal.
nothing about his alleged antisemitics? Trump now, more encompassing, What dya take exception on any w/Trump!
He hasn't even been sworn in. What's there to take issue with? This Bannon nonsense is just that... BS.
Yeh it is very uncertain, less than my portfolio tho. I just hoped you could be critical anything policy or
Are you still doing your concerned citizens tally?
- I appreciate this, but we need a MUCH stronger statement, especially after the Japanese internment camp statement
tried calling ur office to express concern about Bannon. Couldn't get thru. Thx for standing up to him!
This statement is WEAK. From a New York constituent: I DEMAND THAT YOU COME OUT MUCH MORE FORCEFULLY!
i guess since he was called anti semite that's what he is right? not just a slime campaign or anything
, we don't oppose Bannon, we oppose Mike Pence

I know you're eyeing a 2020 presidential run, but you're making 2018 difficult
I share these concerns. All your lines are busy (which is probably a good thing!), so I hope this note counts for your tally.
we need you to fight against the bigotry that has emboldened his one tooth knuckle staggers
Senator: Many of your constituents aren't aware that you said this on Twitter and are awaiting some sort of statement from u.
Please register my concern. Your phone# is busy. --Betsy Robinson
thank you for speaking out against Stephen Bannon.  As a resident of NY I'm thankful you're my senator!
I tried calling today, but your voicemail was full. I’ll try again so I can add myself to the crowd!
Please stand up agains the Bannon appointment and any acts of bigotry, hatred and truth denial of the incoming administration
Thank you for standing up for what is right, it means a lot to me.
Thank you for all you do! Your mailbox is full from all of the concerned calls.  I'll be sure to call back!
Voicemail is full. I want to thank you for your public opposition of the appointment of Stephen Bannon.
I have been trying to call your office to add my voice to chorus of those who oppose Bannon's role in a Trump administration.
We all share the concerns - you need to buck up, and speak out. Not this lame tweet.
As one of your constituents, who voted for you, I expect more than this tepid response. We expect more immediately.
Have you shared these concerns in writing with our President Elect?
what actions are you willing to implement to make sure Steve Bannon is not part of this new administration?
Please oppose his appointment! We'd love to see an official statement from you. Thanks for all of your hard work.
Bannon is not acceptable. He is a mouth piece for antisemitic, racist violence. The answer is no.
just called your office to ask that you please treat this with the urgency and importance it warrants!
please release a stronger statement of condemnation regarding this appointment. Thank you!
I am absolutely horrified at this pick. If this is one of your first public-facing moves, what's next?
Thank you for taking a stand and speaking out.
Not good enough, Sen Gillibrand.
Thank you, for this! Pls make a public statement, I look forward to seeing the future actions to stop this white supremacist.
concerned is not a strong enough word.
please count me in!
Thank you.
thank you Senator Gilibrand, people with racist and extremist views have no place in the White House
Bannon is a white supremacist, anti-Semite, and misogynist. Sharing grave concerns is not enough.
Please sign the letter opposing Bannon as Trump's Chief Strategist. I am a NYC resident (Upper West Side Manhattan)
please publicly denounce his appointment with a formal statement!
Thanks, but it needs to be more. What specifically are we going to do? Armchair activism does work.
Thank you Senator. Please band together with Non Trump Republicans in stopping him and Trump.Not fit for the Office
as your constituent, I hope you voice your strong opposition to this appt via press release in addition to social media.
thank you for speaking out against Steve Bannon. Now please call for his removal. #StopBannon
@OMGlindsayrae direct result of said idea in action
Thank you for saying this! Please continue to fight for his removal from the staff. --constituent in Brooklyn.
please stop the hate and the lies. He's not a racist
@ACHA2014 hv
that's great! What are you going to do about it?
Please oppose this poisonous selection.  We are all appealed and terrified.  Thank you for your many years of service!!
I appreciate, but I just tried to call your NYC office but there was no answer and the voice mail was full
@gabedelahaye #same
2 college degrees, and two jobs. Neither pay a living wage. I am on welfare.  I am very scared.  What should I do?
We're all concerned. You're a political leader. Please lead, and make a strong statement, call us to action. This is fascism.
Thank you! What can be done in our political process that will have an affect ? Tell us what WE must do besides tweet.
Thank you, Senator! We are counting on you to advocate for us.
Thank You, Senator.
Imperative that senators do whatever possible to derail Bannon appointment. He's dangerous.
Thank you for speaking out!
Did you have concerns re Brazile & Wasserman rigging noms, how about FBI investigations, Pay 4 Play They concern you Crickets
Your concerns are based on lies.
Booohoooohoooo.   I don't care for your chief of staff either, so what?  You and your NY'ers don't get a say.
That's all you can do...
Thank you for voicing this.
Thank you for speaking out against the appointment of Stephen Bannon as Chief Strategist.
a tweet or FB post is not the same as a nat'l press release!! Please issue an official statement.
thank you, senator!!
Thank you for speaking up for us!
When will you run for President?
Why? What has he done that concerns you? I doubt you know.
Thanks for speaking out on this. Please keep us informed about actions that you're taking w. other senators to stop this.
thank you
thank you. speak loudly, clearly and do not back down.
from a New York resident and American citizen
Yes Bannon has alarming racist and anti-women ideas that do not belong near The White House.
Many upstate #NY voters have serious concerns about your character for supporting a seriously flawed #Democrat
Good!  Let the Great Swamp Draining commence!
Thank you! But what can we do?
if Trump had appointed someone w/ties to BLM group or Black Panthers would there b the same uproar by the dems and NY'ers?
THANK YOU!!
Folks still trying to micro manage DJT. it's just a feeble self aggrandizing effort to feel relevant! SoGladHeDoesn'tListen!
I am very afraid. Please help your colleagues see what a divisive path this is for our country.
Many NY'ers have expressed concern about President-elect Trump; period.
A lesson from someone who cannot walk.
Grave is right. Anything short of removing him from senior team shows values rooted in racism. This is not OK or normal.
where was that downstate??
thank you for saying something, after listening to Paul Ryan today I really thought I was in the Twilight Zone.
Steve Bannon is a very smart guy and has the ability to spot the snakes in washington before they stab you in the back!
thank you so much Senator @SenGillibrand !
come on! use your voice and power and senate seat to voice the real concerns of the people you represent. well past concern
please issue a formal statement against the appointment of Steve Bannon!
SO please publicly speak out against #Bannon beyond the twitterverse. This is not enough.
are you going to share an action plan? Curious what your plans are to fight the appointment on your supporters' behalf.
I'd be okay with a more strongly worded statement, just FYI :)
Thank you.
I'm really scared. Thank you for all you do!
THANK YOU! I called your office and had a great chat with one of our staffers. Thank you for listening and speaking up!
.@SenGillibrand Then please publicly denounce Bannon's appointment in the strongest terms possible.
Many #NY'ers have expressed grave concerns about Donald Trump's selection of Stephen Bannon as his Chief Strategist. I share those concerns.
Thank you for speaking out against Stephen Bannon's appointment.
please oppose Steve Bannon!!!  Do it for all NYers!
thank you
great - do something about it!
- With all due respect, rather than share those concerns, could you scream them in the face of Mitch McConnell?
Thank you for sharing and expressing my concerns about Bannon!
Thank you, Senator, as do I, one of your constituents. It's up to all of us to confront bigotry wherever it is found.
Much of America does not share your concern.  Big difference between alt right which say bad things and alt left which do bad
will you denounce him? Will you rally your colleagues to do the same?
thanks, this is encouraging. Many will be watching to see how the Senate stands up for our values and our future @SenSchumer
@yripem  changed her views on gays and immigration all because she goes with popular opinion. Can never be trusted
what policies has Trump stayed consistent on supporting?
@yripem more concerned of the people who voted for someone who deleted 3,000 emails after getting a subpoena from congress 
I'm positive her concern is about a white supremacist being the Chief Strategist to new POTUS
yes but can you please use the words "white supremacist"? This is beyond concerns.
Thank you, but please do more than just post on Twitter, which still has a limited audience.
he must be stopped. We must move forward NOT backwards as a nation.
n
Then please read this
Thank you for tweeting it, now what are you doing to stop it.
Please, explain your role exactly in the appointment of White House staff positions?  Dying to hear.
So, what are you going to do about it?  WAYGTDAI
. @SenGillibrand these aren't "concerns" people are terrified and/or angry at the cretin.
What is the recommended course of action for elected officials and citizens?
what can be done? Bannon should never be in the White House.
Just a reminder, Bannon"s appointment doesn't  require your consent, Snowflakes. You have no power. Trump is in charge now.
I will not go gentle into this good night.
Very concerned.  Urge him to drop Bannon and denounce the KKK.
thank you
Please speak out against him and fight for us!
thank you for hearing us. Let us know what is next. And how we can help.
Thank you. I've been meaning to call your office about it.
What do you recommend we do, in addition to calling our Senators?
Thank you, from one of your constituents.
, a tweet is not enough. Tell the press. Shout it from the rooftops. This is an emergency.
Please do more about this than just tweet. Call Trump"s office. I'm a constituent & I'm terrified.
Thank you
Thank you
your bible NY Times could not find anything Bannon said or did that was anti Semitic or dangerous.  Read for crying out loud
If so your constituency (including me) really need to you be a leader in the fight to stop it. Keep the pressure on, Senator.
Thank you, Senator; I am a constituent. Please openly oppose the appointment of this sexist white supremacist.

thanks for taking a stand against a white supremacist. Pls do everything you can to stop his appointment
can you and @SenSchumer pls make a public statement. New Yorkers like myself are waiting for this.
thank you Senator Gillibrand
then use stronger language than "concern" please. enough collegiality. tell the harsh truth b4 it's too late.
Thank you Senator!!!
then you need to publicly say it's not okay. NOW. #dontnormalizethis
Why? Tell us why don't just throw it out with other liberal marching orders & talking pts. Think for yourself not dem orders
Thank you Senator. I'm behind you
xj
thank you senator. Please keep fighting.
I too. Please help us stand against this selection.
Take off the gloves! We aren't concerned. We're pissed & looking at a white supremacist in the WH.
Thank you, Senator!
where do I go to support your 2020 exploratory committee?
Can you add Sid Miller to the list? A man who publicly calls a woman a C#@$ should not be given a position. Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!  No hatred in our govt - we are and deserve better than that.  #StopBannon
You and @SenSchumer should've considered President Trump when blindly endorsing #CrookedHillary + ignoring #RiggedPrimary 
Also grave concerns about why Democrat politicians are so candy ass.  90 lb. weaklings ,  Mr. & Mrs. Sweetness & Light
We are very concerned. Thank you for your caring.
sure they have. Your a DNC robot repeating a false narrative.
#Gillibrand2020
#iamwithher
thank you I share those concerns as well
What is your plan for addressing this?
Thank you, Senator.
