Happy Belated birthday Kirsten. What 50?
Best Birthday wishes to U Sen. G. Just gets better & better thx 2 U, other Dems, & POTUS! 
many more happy birthdays....  This Illinois woman can't wait to vote 4 u 4 president.  You can and will make a difference.
wow, 50? You look awesome.
Happy birthday! I celebrated my 50th on Thanksgiving, and I'm excited about the next 50 years ahead!
happy birthday.  read your biography a few months ago and was so impressed. Keep fighting! (Former NYer living in CA)
Many Happy Returns.
Perhaps one day America will be smart enough to vote you in as our
Madam President of The United States
Look 70
Happy Birthday!
you're my favorite. Happy Birthday! 
congratulations & best wishes, you & @SenatorSchumer have your work cut out for you w/ PEOTUS appointees
.@SenGillibrand Has the Senate passed any legislation lately that prohibits a man from shaving his face on the birthday of his lovely wife?
.@SenGillibrand Happy birthday!!
Happy belated birthday Senator!
happy birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Happy belated birthday!!!
happy belated birthday! Thank you for all you do.
Happy Belated Birthday..
And welcome to the club!
Wish you a very very happy birthday
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday!
I truly hope it was happy.  Amazing looking cake.  Vegan?
Happy Belated Birthday! 
.@SenGillibrand Your husband doesn't have his arms around you in the one birthday photo you've sent out to the world. You totally ignore him
Happy Birthday! Please run for president 2020 and save us all!!
good when you going to retire
Happy Bday
Happy Birthday! 50 looks good on you. So proud of what you are doing in the Senate. Your Loyal Constituent
Happy Birthday!
.@SenGillibrand Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday Senator Gillibrand.
#gillibrand2020 #happybirthday Senator! #NY
Isn't it time to retire?
happy birthday!! I hope it was a wonderful day!
Happy birthday,  I hope you enjoyed your special day.
Happy Birthday, Senator!
Happy Birthday, Senator Gillibrand. So proud 
to have you fighting for us!
gillibrand2020
Happy Belated Birthday!
50 is the new 48
happy bday!
TY 4 all u have done/do 4 us NYers
we appreciate it & u
can you please tweet about #RussianHacking This is of grave national concern @CNN @MSNBC @CBSNews  @maddow @chrislhayes
Thank you for all the great work you do on behalf of women! @SenGillibrand Happy Birthday!!!
Happy belated Senator.
Happy Birthday!
You mean 40?
Happy bday from Hillsdale, NY. Nice cake.  Not price chopper, right.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!!
Happy Birthday Senator!
Happy birthday, Senator! I hope it was a great day!
PLEASE DO NOT OPPOSE WAIVER FOR MATTIS. So far, he seems to be the only sane person in Trump's proposed cabinet.
Happy Birthday  ...and thank you for your service to our nation and our state 
is that Bob Odenkirk?
Happy Birthday!!!!  Thank you for all you do for us NYers!!!!
Congratulations!  Have a "Happy"  Big Five-0!
happy birthday Senator!
- happy birthday Senator !
Belated happy birthday wishes from a southern friend!
Happy Birthday and God Bless!
Happy Birthday! Hope you had a wonderful day. Any day with cake has to be pretty awesome! Thanks for the work you do for U.S.
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday!
 Happy Belated Birthday, Senator  !!!!! :)
Enjoy your day!
nice looking..gd night to u there..gd morning her
Happy birthday Senator Gillibrand <3 Thanks for being a role model to all women.
Happy Birthday from a grateful New Yorker, fan,
woman and supporter.
Belated happy birthday wishes
Happy 50th Birthday @SenGillibrand
Happy Birthday! Wish you many more year of joy, blessings & happiness.
Happy 50th Senator.
Happy Birthday Senator. Fifty and still beautiful!
