who cares what their tax returns say? Are you jealous?
We do.  People who voted.
I voted for Trump and understand he took advantage of all loop holes just as all politicians and smart people do.
That's nice.  The rest of us want verification no illegal activity occurred and no conflicts of interests exist.
did you believe Hillary's tax returns after finding out about pay for play?
At least they were examined, and no I don't think the Clinton's did anything wrong.
of course.
Did u personally examine them?
you should've done this 8 years http://ago.you  were fairly inactive the past 8 yrs. why the gung-ho attitude now?
you're supposed to be helping heal this country and not trying to further divide  it.
How would the release of his taxes harm America?  After all, it was one of his promises.
she spoke of cabinet members tax releases, Not Trump. She should have started this when she first got to Washington.
You are just not very smart.
Ummm, is that in the Constitution or are you just being a Political Hack for Fake News stories?
If u were aware of American history, u would understand income taxes weren't approved until the 20th century
Duh, which means it is a political ploy. I could care less about ever seeing any politicians tax returns.
With his empire, we need to check for conflicts of interests along with illegal activity.
Brilliant idea!
omg please stop. You lost deal with it.
He promised to release his taxes, and some voted for him based on those promises.  Losing doesn't matter here.
@Juan_Abbe If you couldn't get a presidential nominee to release his, what makes you think you'll do this?#lostme
You'll forgive us for not believing a damned thing any of you say. We're too busy learning Russian.
Well she is a Senator, getting together with other Senators, to stop evil Cabinet appts. Like I'd want her to.
8 yrs of G Bush running us off the road, another 8 yrs of treating B Obama like shit, and NOW they fight? Please
You are correct. Democrats' record of playing tough and smart is mighty slim.
we need to keep them accountable right from the start of this administration
U should spend more time defending Israel -
. No cabinet confirmations until full disclosure. Investigate Trump/Putin connections
@emj1776 Senator, will you join us in calling for a #resistance?Will you vow to do everything you can to defeat the fascists?
She is taking a petition to Congress to get tax returns. Please sign. Lets send her there with some ammunition.
I will sign. I just want more from her and other elected officials.
l think they will do what they can. They are very outnumbered right now. We have to send help in 2018.
I hope they will Emily. What worries me is the country even making it to 2018 as a functioning democracy
Ditto. We have to keep on fighting no matter what.
Remember What B Franklin said "We must hang together or we will surely hang separately. "
commitment from most of our elected officials, demo and rep
Right after Hillary turns over her deleted emails. We'll wait
Do not confirm Session.  DC line continually busy!
Lydia Temples
Not a law - so knock it off.  We did not do that to Obama 0 nor did you!!!
we also need a law for pres & vp candidates to disclose last  10 yrs of taxes even if in an audit
I'm with you
yes.
yes yes yes
#RetweetForever #TheResistance
Why? What does this accomplish other than showing that we are ruled by the elite and wealthy? We already know this!
@petsneverfailu1 let's and trump to that list
@petsneverfailu1  Signed.
done and thank you
U know I'm in 
it took all of 8 secs. DONE!
@BWheatnyc I'm hoping it includes the prezzie "elect".
I want to call for cabinet-level nominees to submit the last three years of their tax returns. My name is U Fulla Shit
My name is U R Fullofshit.  Please add my name to those who want to screw over Trump.
.@SenGillibrand @SenSchumer  @gspp_senmccain @LindseyGrahamSC @repjohnlewis tax returns tax returns 4 all politicians @ every level #truth
He's a conman & seeing where his money is going to & from whom   should clear him or smear him.  He must be transparent.
Denied!!! President Obama proving he is in fact an Islamist! By his this week treatment Of Isreal! I'm Outraged!!!
Yuhhhsssss Senator, Yuhhhsssss!!!! #Resist
@Headerop1 RT
@rcarr57 Yes, Hell Yes, and Not Kidding Yes.
yes!
@ninadelado and POTUS candidates
@puppymnkey And get @realDonaldTrump to show is returns too! #conflictofinterest #conflictofinterest #conflictofinterest
@puppymnkey And ask your senators to approve only appointees whose views reflect majority on major issues. #govtofmajority
116217 signatures!  Plus mine.
@puppymnkey why?--none of it is LIQUID,and the TAX LAWYERS/CPA'S r the forced victims,its not PERSONAL TAXES EITHER-ITS CORP.
BIGLY!!
@puppymnkey Yes I'm in total agreement!
FROM NOW ON: All candidates on a natl level will submit 5 years of taxes with registrar filing of intent to run!
@YpsiGal TY @SenGillbrand.Tax returns shld b required by all Presidential candidate @ announcing they'll  run 4 office #truth
why?
Why? Tax returns are none of your business.
Let's go a step further, Kirsten. All politicians running for federal office & every 2nd. year for those who were elected.
Where is your return and when will you give us a debt free balanced budget amendment to the constitution?
everyone in government should submit to financial scrutiny to prevent conflicts of interest
@ElizabethBanks if the prez wont, why would they?
Now according to you, asking for ID to vote is racist but this demand is ok right?  Oh yeah, they aren't in your party.
Thx, Mama D, signed. :)
@ElizabethBanks. Count me in! Maybe seven years would be even better.
@ElizabethBanks Done. Thanks for sharing!
#starting with Pres elect!!!
how about we have all politicians release them?!?
frankly, I don't know why US doesn't require a physical/mental evaluation 4 POTUS as well as finance 4 all cabinet members.
@ElizabethBanks your party first.
@ElizabethBanks I'll sign it, but we can't even get the Thief-In-Chief to release his, what's the plan?
No tax returns needed. The vote is NO.
@brontyman How about the POTUS also
done
The president-elect needs to do the same. Oh, he's being audited. Oh, if he wins, he'll release them. Oh, if the sky falls...
And where are TRUMPS taxes? Have you forgotten 2 ask 4 those? @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @DemGovs HELP us please!
Why is this shit something being called for on twitter & not something required by law? This is a joke.
Good question. I applied for a federal appointment once and had to provide tax returns and financial statements.
Right. And FBI interviews neighbors, family, ex-boyfriends. @Aroyaldmd @Sassycatz @SenGillibrand
Doormen, friends, business partners....
gripe,gripe, u liberals will not stop. do u plan to check hillary & bill's tax returns? talk about fraud?
how bout you try to repeal the AUMF instead of asking for Tax returns?
Let this one go Senator. It's not a winning tactic just vote against all of his nominees. Don't meet with them, no questions
Did you do the same 4 years ago? No, so just go ahead and paint the word 'hypocrite' across your forehead.
- Why don't you get a stool sample while you're at it?
1) Why? 2) Have you advocated for this on all past nominees? #partisan #hypocrisy
@peevee24 Why? Where is TRUMP TAXES? Request his b4 cabinets hearing! If none, DISRUPT/OBJECTS hearings! WHERE IS BLIND TRUST
You will get nothing from me, not even good government!
How about the president too? What's the status on Ron Wyden's bill? Are the R's going to roll over for DJT?
why don't you submit legislation to help the poor and suffering instead of worthless time wasters
And our PEOTUS too....
Done and sharing.
@jaytay777 And Trump or he has to go!!
@stylistkavin down with that. All elected officials should have to show all financial records!! Make it law!!
Why not pass a law requiring ALL billionaires to publish their tax returns in this oligarchy? #TwoAmericas
this would be credible if you called for same over the last 8 years.  Why now?
Thank You, Senator!
DONE!
I'll support this but I'd like to see the Democratic Party address how we are going to secure the vote.
I'm all in Sen Gillibrand
How is this not the case already?
I'm trying to sign petition to make cabinet members submit tax returns, but I'm getting a message saying "Loading error."
What did you do the last 8 years? Rubber stamp for Obama. You have failed. Resign now
How about a psychiatric evalution first kristen none seem smart then a snail
Mother's little helper! 
Write legislation requiring all current and future elected officials to release their tax returns.
We haven't lost anything, soon you will see what we see and join the fight.
you were conned Tony
Remember you supported Corrupt Hillary and the Clinton Foundation!
what about that president elect??!!
yes how about the trump giving up his.
What for? What are you trying to prove!
u need trump tax returns
great idea
