Thank you Sen Gillibrand.  We must all stand up to the threats that face us.  Now is the time.  It will only become harder.
We have to stand up against someone that has devoted his life to the military from leading the military? What?
Yes, you want civilian control of the military b/c the military serves the peoples' interests.
a 66 y/o bachelor whos spent half his life in service serves the people's interests I promise
promises dont really mean much
are you afraid of something or just being obstinate?
I'm not being obstinate, we have these laws in place for a very good reason. Nothing has changed.
a reason that's been waived in the past. Why not do it again?
great you can withdraw your waiver, he's a civilian now.
Where professional military officers control national politics, it is called a military dictatorship.
Thank you. Your are a true patriot.
Thank you for keeping the wall between civilian and military control of our military as the law requires.
When anyone needs an opinion from you, Chuck Schumer will give it to you.
The American people want Gen. Mattis. Stop playing party politics and support the will of the people.
I guess you were in favor of then Sec'y Clinton waiving the ban on America's financial aid to Nigeria when Bill got 1.4 mil.
#istandwithmattis
Your opposition shows your inability to lead.  I think you need to take a urinalysis cause clearly you are on drugs.
stick to your guns, Senator. I support you. Civilian control is integral.
having a retired general with a backbone leading our nations military is integral
I agree. Mattis is too close to military operations and not familiar enuf with constitutional policy of democracy
furthermore he is the man that will oppose trump if he goes anywhere near the nuke launch codes
If he were a Trans Sexual General in favor of Cross Dressing in the military you would not have a problem with him whatsoever
we oppose you and Schumer. NY taxpayers are leaving NY
Sour Grapes Gilly?
So you are pro-mattress girl and anti-Mattis. What an embarrassment.
This kind of temper tantrum is why I did not vote 4 YOU or Chuck Schumer. U 2 only represent yourselves not American People.
Well, the general IS a civilian now, isnt he? So the military WILL be under civilian control. Also, Trump is a civilian who..
...is now Commander In Chief, hence civilian control is still there. You need to stop being a mini Hillary. Hillary lost.
Trump won. Get over it, Senator. You would never oppose General Mattis if President Obama appointed him. Indeed, Trump won...
...except we would. REGARDLESS of who appoints him, hasn't been a civilian for the 7 yrs min required by law
Hasn't your mother told you?  He is a civilian!
As a Democrat, I strongly support Gen Mattis. Please allow the waiver!
i forgot yall leftists did away with the filibuster. So yall can just shut up. Not so fun now with the shoe on the other foot
the filibuster does NOT remain for appointments. The Dems are powerless at this point. 2018 will be here soon
Why are you not raising your voice against Russian hack? What are you waiting for?
civilians have had control of the Military and look where it has got us.  A depleted Military and chaos in the Middle East!
You don't want #MadDog confirmed?

I'm a ret Army officer, thank you. Deeply respect Gen Mattis, but civilian control is a core and important tenant of service.
Mattis IS a civilian now.
What happened to "No labels?"
General George Marshall.
/@SenGillibrand Know your history. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Secretary_of_War …
What about Eisenhower? Would you have denied him a waiver? I liked you better when you were in the House of Representatives
by that logic no former general should have ever been elected president. Genius logic it's stupefying...
Meritocracy! Best man for job...
LOL, of course you are. Bless your heart... @SenGillibrand
You are throwing a tantrum like all the far leftists. Welcome to irrelevance.
then vote no. The law requiring a waiver is unconstitutional. Congress has no right to limit a Presidents cabinet choice.
so many things to make a stand on,u choose the wrong one.good luck on others to follow
What is the PURPOSE of requiring a 7 year wait? How does that purpose affect Mattis? A private is a private until he is not.
Ridiculous.  POTUS is Commander in Chief, NOT a cabinet sec'y.  You're smarter than this, so stop the partisanship
Imin your dstrict. Hope you reconsider Senator
Bad decision on your part. VERY bad.
You should just say what we all know. You'll oppose Mattis bec. you are a sniveling, petty, loser Democrat.
THANK YOU SENATOR!
@RPolanskyNews a civilian is in control of the military. The President is the commander in chief
@FLXobsv thank you! We must not allow exceptions to this
He is a civilian ...
that's exactly why only Congress has the ability to declare war. You clowns control IF we fight, the #SECDEF controls HOW.
@KatrinaNation  thank you for standing up!
sorry, Mattis good choice per Gates & Panetta. Dems should not fight this when they need to with Sessions, Price & Mnuchin.
He WILL be sec def...
the commander and chief is a civilian. The commander and chief controls the military. #justSaying
gees you've just put a plug in for your reelection start packing
POTUS is the civilian control of our military. You have nothing to be concerned about.
@KatrinaNation too many generals. Bad precedent.
Happy to have you representing us!
That's weird, because America is not a democracy. @SenGillibrand
While I respect Gen Mattis’s service, I'll oppose a waiver-civilian control of our military is a fundamental principle of American democracy
@KatrinaNation Thank you we need to pull out all stops to ensure that the Military is given the top piority it deserves.
@KatrinaNation who are clueless about Military principles or the military life 2/2
@KatrinaNation As a veteran myself, we should not subject the people who fight tirelessly for this country to someone 1/2
Will UopposeEllison's vile antisemitism or will u vote4him2lead the DNC like u voted4the Iran nucleardeal at Israel's expense
why? U did for Castro:) I don't believe ur vote will mattis:) lol
Why? He *is* a civilian. Are you just afraid he will do a good job? Or are you opposing *just* bc of Trump? 
hey, you know what else is a "fundamental" part of our American democracy? The Second Amendment. Try protecting that.
Are you saying that retired military are not "civilians"?
That sounds a little like xenophobia mixed with a bit of reverse misogyny and whole bunch of bigotry to me. Are you a racist?
So, what you're saying is that you don't respect his service.  Don't mince words, speak the truth.
Do you ever get a FAV or RT? HAHAHAHA!  @SenGillibrand
@gregpinelo And it's as important as hell to let Trump from the start that he has to obey our LAWS.
such a stupid stupid person. Unworthy of representing the State of New York.
you need a better reason. You don't give a shit about small farms either. You're typical establishment. I used to like you
I'm CONSTANTLY amazed how many Americans don't know that WE DONT LIVE IN A DEMOCRACY! #EducateYourself
The outgoing POTUS kept us in harm's way.He has weakened our protection.Gen.Mattis will get it straight.Stay off party lines.
it's cute how you think Mitch's Senate won't operate under rules of simple majority 
technically... he is a civilian now. Issue is time since retirement. Hence the waiver. 

Please be less dishonest.
he will be the def sec we have needed for 16 years to actually win wars and not drag then out
Mattis is retired and so a civilian. Or are you saying Tanmy Duvkworth is unqualified to serve in congress?
Mattis is a civilian. Your opposition to an American hero and patriot is appalling.
Who cares what u do Kirsten? U're deep in the minority and the nuclear opt available tks to your dear leader Harry.
.@SenGillibrand And since it's Congress that grants the waiver, not the President, the principle is not violated if you vote for it.
Silly Gilli, wants second class Defense Sec.  Civilian control like the doofus liberals in Congress?
You know he is retired right? So are you saying if you EVER served in the military you can't be Defense Secretary?
More than 80% of SECDEFs have had significant military experience. Don't let this blow up in our faces, again. @cgberube
Military officers aren't diabolical movie villains. To fix DoD, we need someone who has led at all levels. @cgberube
Gen Mattis IS a civilian.
perhaps you did not know that he is a civilian, would you have vetoed George Marshall?
@GovHowardDean I'd prefer you fight Sessions with every fiber of your being. Bigger danger. Better chance
My skepticism about @realDonaldTrump, dating back 30 years, is due to how he always demands and seems to get an exception.
U oppose Mattis??-then assume U want this 'forever' war 4ever
get over yourself bitch
@realDonaldTrump love 2 no ur def of respect.Deny him n u empower the enemy.No shock 2 anyone u put ALL b4  NY n USA-shameful
before any hearing? Political ploy and u should be ashamed
Wait!! U agreed to US givIng $ to Iran without Congress being involved and now u stand on principle? #Hypocrite
Yeah, don't do that. Isn't there a fake rape victim you could be out banging a drum for?
#MattressGirl #IStandWithJackie
Pure BS partisan politics Senator and you know it. Find something else to strut your feathers, Mattis is the right choice.
respect your position & agree that civilian control of military is fundamental, but Mattis is exceptional and deserves waiver
Please do not try to block #GeneralMattis appointment. #upstate #NewYork lifelong Democrat
So instead you'd rather, what, an empty suit with no experience to be Sec of Defense? You are a fool with a title, period.
although I heard he is  probably good for the job
we are a Constitutional Republic. Good luck with your continuing failures. <3s
more babble from a sellout clinton ass sniffing libtard.
he has been out of the service for 4 years. We have done this before with Marshal don't be a do nothing Democrat.
@JohnJHarwood Any idea what partisan tried to slip a waiver into appropriation bill even before his selection was announced?
Except this is a emergency. We need this 4 star general NOW.
Do you study history?  Or are you a political hack? A sincere and serious question, because frankly, that comment spews HACK
That makes no sense. Where does it say that in the Constitution? No better fit for Defense Secretary than General Mattis!
who gives a crap what you think.
If we make exceptions to every rule for Trump, we will have no rules left.
Opposing a 4 star General.  You're an embarrassment to New York
Civilian Secs of Def have no appreciation for the realities of war. McNamara, Rumsfeld, Panetta. EZ 4 them 2 ask others 2 die
we aren't a democracy Kirsten
Thank you, Senator! Please keep speaking out - it is so appreciated!
You're playing politics with national defense. You're endangering the people's safety, including yours & that of your staff.
too bad you signed on with @SenatorReid for the #nuclearoption huh? #Rule22 #Cloture #Filibuster
don't waste political capital on this fight. Bigger problems!  Oppose Tom Price or something else
Once they allow one waiver, how many more will follow. Thank you for your stance.
Thank you. Civilian control of the military is essential, especially now.
I can't wait until the Great State of New York gives both you and @ChuckSchumer the heave-ho. #NYSDeservesBetter! Agree? RT!
Aren't you tired of losing yet?
@GovHowardDean I hope my Senators @pattymurray & @senatorcantwell stand strong for qualified civilian control of military.
@theonlyadult good luck with that Kirsten. America is going to get steamrolled.
perhaps consideration of a waiver in exchange for a hearing for Merrick Garland?
I respect your position but considering the cast of characters we may get worse. Dems should save fight for Sessions & Flynn.
does it matter our troops want/deserve Mattis? Or do we give them another civilian bean counter like Ash Carter? Go ask them.
@GovHowardDean I respectfully disagree. We need someone to counterbalance General Flynn.
just wondering if you also opposed Pres Obama's pick in 2011 Leon Panetta who had prior military service in the Army
Can you please not give Trump an excuse to appoint a crazy person?

Partisian politics as usual.
How much military experience did WJC or BHO have when they each filled the role of Commander-in-Chief of our military?
too bad trump named his NSA so fast-- mattis > flynn looks like shd have been no brainer.
A Senator really should know that the US is a Constitutional Republic, NOT a democracy.
I am sure it would be ok if it was a retired female General. Fine with you there I am sure. Lost me w/ your agenda 4yrs ago.
and Hillary Rodham Clinton will NEVER be president
well president elect Trump is sort of a civilian in control or at least will be and will overturn everything Obama did.  
American Republic, not democracy. George Marshall got a waiver...
Stupid move. Mattis is needed. Just like General Marshall was when he was waivered. Laws matter now to you?  Obama got a pass
Why because Hillary didn't win? This is why Trump won the American people are tired of the political BS. I know the 7 yr rule
she is a Jr congresswoman who is also a Jr Hillary. She's done nothing so she wants her 15 minutes of fame.
did it bother you he drove to homes of soldiers who died under his command? Maybe a fellow politician could do better. You?
Oppose all you want. Another loss on the belt.
Gen. Mattis just responded to this.   He said $@&% you.
lmao at these libs wanting to block trumps appointments.Didn't you people say it was racism when repub try to  block Obama?
Gillibrand 2020
you won't be getting my vote when you're up for election again! #VoteNYSenatorGillibrandOut
You are so important to Dems now.  Being a former Rep. you can help reach across the aisle.  Please succeed. Good luck.
He is a civilian or are you saying he didn't retire? Which makes him a civilian doesn't it he can't command any troops!
Your basing your argument on a guideline from 1947 in the aftermath of WWII. Time to join modernity
as a constituent I vehemently oppose your obviously uber left dem stance   About time we get a military man to run this Dept
Since he's retired, wouldn't he be a "civilian"? Does he scare you? GOOD. #DrainTheSwamp
Good for you! Give em hell, Senator!
He retired, he is a civilian.
Excellent Behind u 100% also oppose any nominations 2 SCOTUS urge POTUS 2 appoint his nominationb4 he leaves
And you are....?
no it's not.... and you would not know the Foundation of American greatness if it bit you on the ass!!!!
Mattis perfect fit4 DJT. Speaks strongman style. Said "Afghan men who slap women around 4 not wearing veils-fun 2 shoot them"
Stompity stomp stomp! Nothing goes my waaaayyy. Whaaaaa.
This is just publicly to get her face out there.She learned from the best. @SenatorSchumer never met a camera he didn't like
We had to go full-on experience on this one, Kirsten. You pansies made "czars" out of friends and colleagues and screwed us.
The control is you a civilian and the President elect a civilian. DOD is the military. Both Marshall and Mattison were ROTC.
@SenJohnMcCain might know a bit more than you about Gen. Mattis and his ability to lead. Ask him.
ask a Marine before you appose Mattis, I asked my son USMC, they know
You used to be a http://moderate.Now  you're just a younger version of loser HRC.Glad my vote has a fighting chance now I've left NY.
we will make sure you never hold elected office again!
you do not represent NYers & you never have. Couldn't even stand up 4 kids against #commoncore
yesssssssss! YOU GO GIRL!!
how misguided can you be, he is RETIRED... no longer in the military. Oops that makes him a civilian.
Shank you don't give a fuck about America!
After what Obama did to our military, you surely must be insane.
The military should NEVER be ran by a civilian, NEVER! None of you have a clue what it means to serve & or what we do.
The fact that you think a civilian should run the military shows your level of ignorance & lack of common sense!
Correction: Nowhere in our Constitution or Bill of Rights is the word democracy mentions. America is a Republic
Precisely why this Independent voter has been pushed to the right I won't vote for a Democrat ever again.
backbencher, please have a seat a let our leaders do their job.
