I guess you're ok with all that! There is more to add to all of that, and me being a nice guy smart, and a big
oh yeah you live in Kansas, I'm not to far if you want to meet, I'm willing! Coward
little boy that talks to much!
not I'm ok with that to, but if you do maybe we can talk some football to! God Bless!!!
Human rights are also men's rights. For years women have cried for equality and now cry because of equality. #reality
How can we cry about something we do not yet entirely possess?
You believe that less men's rights means women's equal rights. That's not how equality works.
I don't believe that at all. What gave you that impression? Or are you just assuming?
He can't he doesn't pay taxes!!!  Lol
what about the right of this child. #NEVERVOTEHILLARY. voices from the womb
vote @realDonaldTrump for women's rights! Hillary thinks we have none!
what about men, ???????? They are also human and must comes under human rights.....
So true!!!

이.그.을.나.야.때.온.같.니.다.습.것.가.할.셔.만.분.제
then why does your foundation accept $ from those who oppress women?
What about worker's rights to a living wage and basic comfort? Your collusion with Wall Street is reprehensible!

so why you take donations from foreign nations that suppress women rights???
You are a hypocrite!!!
Well u should have thought about that back in the day concerning certain women.

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/08/26/black-men-for-bernie-founder-end-democrat-political-slavery-of-minorities/ …

The black community is waking up, you dont own us!
Finally...

go ahead hilary
@mcspocky Hillary still got it going on
go girl
thank you.
you have no right to talk about women's rights anymore.

LOL
Yes, women are human. Thanks.
Not every man looks at it that way.  Some men look at women as property or slave.  So thank you future POTUS!
Like the Muslims that back her?
yes this is such reliable information!!  HOLY Shit could you be any dumber????


please, hillary, this was 21 years ago. it's 2016 and i'm pretty sure this "no female rights" thing are long gone now.
Guru maa 
@lesman50 good one. And no coughing. Lol. Sorry.
Joe you call yourself a journalist doesn't anybody have a coughing fit my kids do sometimes.Why pick on her
ummmm she's unfit?
yeah @realDonaldTrump is really fit? He is sick in the head


THIS made me realize the "vast right winged conspiracy" was true. It was all shit on a wall & YOU are genuine & presidential
respond immediatelytopence
what about black rights?? Calling poor kids from tough neighborhoods "Super Predators" is mean.
@ShepherdMao @HillaryClinton I'm so sorry for your ignorance...maybe you'll grow out of it.
Thank you for standing up for women for 20+ years!
@Mzavalagc te cayó grueso la bola de años.... y de kilos. Ja ja
This is why I love Hilary Clinton and not the carrot with a toupee
your an inspiration to so many! Thank you
thats why u dont go bombing humans indiscriminantly in other countries.
agree 100% quit taking money from Saudis!
All women willing to succumb to @billclinton advances should have full access to their human rights!
Please @Mzavalagc Human rights don't count to you when that little woman is the womb of her mother. Disappointed in you...
yeah just ask Bill
trump wears timbs to sleep. he a real nigga.
@alottawa except she does not truly believe that.  She says anything she feels will get a vote.
You go Lady!
Tell that to the Saudis you take money from and sell bombs to.
I'm so glad that we are still fighting for our equality and not giving up. This is what I was preaching #mrj2k16
Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights..
no style then...no style now.
MS.CLINTON ENUFF EXPLAINING TO THE PRESS ABOUT YOUR EMAILS YOU WERE SLOPPY BUT NOTHING ILLEGAL TRANSPIRE THAT'S IT...
unless they are dating Bill
funny how she was asked to remove picture of her with mother Teresa
tell that to Haitian women, when you lobbied Haiti against raising their minimum wage on behalf of U.S. businesses.

says Hillary who blamed the women bill raped!
how do you feel about the way your husband treats women?
that's right you should go to the Rest of the world and say that is men don't equal weird it's all about division here emai
@LBluvsGOP she's ok with women's rights in Saudi..
Who said she is? She can't change their laws. They have to do it themselves.
she is totally ok with it as she is taking their money,  I can send you links or you can google it your self..
Oh sweetie, her charity took money from them. Trump is the one who personally took money from them.
Furthermore, it was Trump who was saved twice from bankruptcy by a Saudi prince and rented an appartment
space to Bin Laden's brother. This still doesn't contradict anything she said in that speech so miss me.
you see no conflict of interest between the Clinton Foundation and Hillary's position as Sec of State? #tcot,
I see evidence. I don't see allegations and "raised questions."
OOPS! forgot about the women whose rights were violated by your serial rapist husband.
That when she was just crook Hillary.  Now she's CROOKED hillary!!!
.@HillaryClinton Passion baby passion!!! You can do it! #CommanderInChiefForum
How's Saudi Arabia working out for you?  You take their money, are THEY FINALLY willing to address Women's rights?
whoa! You mean women are human? That is soooo deep! But not as deep as the CF and CGI pockets stuffed with cash for favors!
I love the fact that your concerns about women's right didn't just start, you've been at it a long time, go Hillary
and what actual good did that little speech do besides some much needed PR for you?
Beautiful speech! And I'm sure Mr. Obama gave a great speech in China a few days ago, But, what are the results???
do you not want men to vote?? What's this women centered campaign all about?
@SharylAttkisson Far we've come! Now HC wears hejab, licks mullahs' butt, supports handing'em cash, undermines dem advocates
wow, what an accomplishment!! She made a statement. Everyone should be a millionaire!!! I feel so accomplished! Me 4 prez
I'm confused does women have a penis or vagina
And time is right for H> today.
并无对错之心，这里并不存在人类，同类，的基本尊严，体面，对待，不存在RIGHT----对的。这种概念。一有组织的以打天下为终的帮派/GANG。当然有力于一般程度的家族，有力于人群的各种组成模式，十四亿个人中的每一位都是可杀，可火化的@HillaryClinton
不知在英语是否空话，中语必然是空话。HUMAN，不是中语的人，MAN才是, HUMAN是你等自称的造天地者，你们的上天，选中的一群同辈。同类。而此地不是。人与其他动物并无上下，尊低，所以，当此地帮派，旧式朝廷虐杀个人，一家，全族时，@HillaryClinton
You were smart and caring for folks back then and even smarter and more caring today!
Go Hilliary!!
Abortion causes triple negative breast cancer don't talk to me about women's rights, murder is not a right, no morals with H
love u ma'am meet soon..I along with my family wish u historic success..

but still you take money from countries that think women are garbage

unless they are women accusing your husband of something right?  Then they are clowns and have no rights huh?
u want to also run for the Chinese premier?

it always makes me laugh that @HillaryClinton will take credit for things she's done in the past, but won't take credit for the bad things
very Nice
when you caused the growth of ISIS you caused the dead of women and children Christians
her excellency was right, human right are women's  right and human right are woman's right, 21 years ago in Beijing.
I see you are losing in the polls now. Just imagine what you could have done if you had talked about policies instead of t
Human rights is everyone rights and not just women
This isn't new for her, her life has been dedicated to serve this Country & build women's rights. Trump is a #narcissist
what about the rights of an unborn child, the women in the countries you receive pay for play money from such as Saudi/Qtar?
thanks for your years of standing tall, women in US still makes less than a man doing same job, same education, same talent
Yet you take millions from Saudia Arabia. Hypocrite
Wow! She came up with this 21 years ago, unbelievable! Move over Goethe, Nietzsche and Thoreau.
I love hillary clinton  from  south korea .
b
And yet 21 years later you still take money from nations who hold women as property.
Hillary was a hot babe!  She still looks pretty.
How is it possible that a  "female "entrepreneur working  12 hour days cannot afford health care ?
thanks.
Had to go that far back to find something positive about @HillaryClinton? Sad!
gross
@sacredstonecamp #NoDAPL #NoDakotaAccessPipeline
hahaha
#StandByYourSexPredator
(cough, cough) bullshit (cough, cough) #ShariaLaw (cough, cough) she don't give a damn about women.
this is the true hillary... get out there and show them...
@unhabitatyouth Hillary! Don't tarnish respectable people by trying to tell them. Your not worthy of leading.
I've been waiting for you to be my president since I was 10!  My rights are human rights!
Very Good !
sad thing about u, is that you r and were a very attractive woman who looks to be really good and decient BUT LOOKS DECEIVE.
never think that a human can lead the country  better i say again never. 
In a human the is no leadership but challenging.
Too bad Margaret Sanger did not feel the same way...how many female babies do you think might've been born w/o your "hero"?
I'm with her..my heavens you have been at this fight from day one..God bless women..and..of course men
but newborn or 36 wks to just before birth babies have No Rights! #Aberrant!
.@HillaryClinton I can say this first hand. Clinton opposed any American efforts to improve women rights in Saudi Arabia.
Cash money. :/
Thats why she takes donations from countries that treat women like crap right? Yea right!
fact anyone? or r u 1  of the-"don't confuse me facts, my mind is already made up" people
lollll was this around the same time she defended two rapists who beat a girl into a coma ??
good luck Hillary
are you saying that any female organism should be treated with human rights. If so, then what about male organisms?
too bad they haven't made lizard rights for you! Oh, and what about men's rights.
I demand that you admit that you have no place for unborn women's rights!
Democrats internal reports dividing black&white Americans clearly. Diverting Voters pointing Russia
https://www.yahoo.com/news/pelosi-ryan-dont-hacked-documents-campaigns-203907162--election.html …
Wow do your Saudi friends know how you feel. Shh don't tell them you just might not get anymore money
Look there not a single cough... Hmmmpff
Clinton Sounded EXACTLY Like Trump On Illegal Immigration-1996. Changing positions for convenience 
http://dailycaller.com/2016/05/17/bill-clinton-sounded-like-trump-on-illegal-immigration-in-1996-video/ …
words are cheap. HRC knows her followers are stupid.... and she's being proven right.
tell this to Ssudi Arabia, Dubai and Morocco where you are getting $$ from

yes, but what human rights do women not currently have in America?
was this about the same time Donald was warning the men  about the risk of letting 'their' women enter the work force.
so stupid.... Quick! What did you say??? Low energy
@CGRJUCO
you made me cry! You always make me cry!
Limiting "individual" Human Rights to promote Democrat-assigned rights of "the collective" is just pure evil. @HillaryClinton

- you are a disgrace to all women #NeverHillary
long time ago, or don't you remember?  so what's new here? who doesn't know that other than your Saudi supporters?
Hillary's always stood up for women everywhere. So Proud Of Her for Her Strength, Intelligence, Capabilities, Perseverance!
only if they weren't SLICKWILLIE'S PARAMORS. Then u went after them in any dirty way u could.#SADI ARABIA WOMEN'S RIGHTS????
Great women make America great!
great one madam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pp306ccPolM …
from this think to big politic one step
Then why have you accepted tens of millions of dollars from countries who kill, beat, and oppress their women?
Yet Hillary Clinton laughed when getting a man off for rape on a technicality. What about the victim?
i don't trust that woman,
what about d women's n human rights of #Palestinians #Syrians #Yemenis #Iraqi could u plz elaborate...
How come U didn't care about rights of those women your husband molested and/or raped?
except in the middle east where they write you huge checks for speeches or to the Foundation piggy bank?
I GOT CHILLS.
How did that workout in the Middle East? Don't worry Hillary, diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. Benghazi, Russia, Iran...
VOTE FOR ME, I'M A WOMAN!!!!!!
