Please check your facts Sen
 Gillibrand beforehand
Hello coorperations pay the citizens to work why should all of us be raped by federal and especially new york state in taxes
Well when you put it like that it sounds like it's not good. But he says it will help everybody!  #toomuchwinning
you mean the ones that filled your campaign chest
The Trump name is a joke!
Why hasn't the real question been asked.. What is all the foreign companies paying in taxes?? US companies are being screwed
You just want to raise taxes until every corp  moves over seas. Stupid plan liberals have. Go Trump.
So sad you didn't read the whole plan...
Yes, when we can't deduct our property taxes the average homeowner will take a huge hit.
Thank you for all you do
Together we defeated Trumpcare. Let's make this our next step.
With you all the way !
All the way to the poorhouse
The proposed Repub plan benefits top tax brackets and corporations. Counting on @SenGillibrand for one that benefits regular Americans
Good luck with http://that.read  the bill first . you must try on clothes before you buy
Can he read ???
Can you?
I replied ???
Senator, how has keeping corporate taxes high helped create American jobs? It hasn't. The jobs went elsewhere. People want jobs not gov't $$
People want jobs so they can provide for their family.  The nearly extinct middle-class and lower income families cannot carry tax burden.
That's why corporations must pay their share which they won't with this plan. Follow the money!
US corporations paying highest rate in the world. They pay taxes by passing it on to the consumer. Economics 101. 3%'s pay 40% of fed taxes
Trump needs to release his own taxes so the people can understand how he will benefit.
What do you mean my tax plan is a Joke?
It doesn’t help me. I know I can count on a NO  it’s from you, Senator.
The joke is on the Democrats
Maby if they have lower taxes they can afford to pay UNSKILLED WORKERS your forced 15 per hr minimum in new york state
You are the joke. The bottom half of earners do NOT pay fed income taxes. You can't cut their taxes! Only Dems are too stupid to see this!
You'll fight this no matter what! Last thing you want is a vibrant & financially independent lower & middle class. Reduces govt dependency.
This Senator is cruel joke! You care more for DACA than 14 million American children living in poverty! ACA bill is a joke!
Lie
You're the cruel joke.
Not really. I have a very positive outlook on life. Liberals don't.
Those evil coorperations that pay people to work government is evil democrats using nsa to spy on Americans
Surprise surprise
Wait, after backing Bernie's single payer plan which  raises Middle class taxes, you're worried about the middle-class? LMAO!!!!!
It absolutely does. Hurt the lower income . Doesn't make a bit of sense.
If individual exemptions R removed from forms, then changes will result in higher taxes. Current exemp 10400 (std sngl+ind)10% vs 12000 12%
So just like what we have now
Typical Bait & Switch Voodoo Economics.
Trump is the dumbest president in America
@bennydiego Would corps like GM be able to benefit?
*GE !
Senator, will corporations hire more workers? They are sitting on cash now!!!
Screws NYers too
Your the joke Senator, you never have your constituents better interest in mind, selfishness runs deep.. #Schumer
With all the right offs, no one actually pays 35%. The government is lucky if the corporations end up paying 10%.
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
that should be the headline news on a loop so everyone knows trump tax plan is indeed a 'cruel joke'
Trump is proving that he believes he can do- or not do- anything he pleases and the #GOP won't stop him. #TrumpRussia #RESIST
Never expected this response from you or other Dems. Shocking!
The @DNC counter attack is inexcusable & recklessly weak on this. We need effective strategies & fearless leadership-Now
This is a cruel joke, maybe twitter can help you bake a banana bread to change his mind.
They'll profit under Trump like they did under Obama! They always do
You're just being nice. It's way worse than that.
What about the massive hole it'll blow in the federal deficit? Has that been addressed, or even thought of?
So does his refusal to temporarily lift the #JonesAct for #PuertoRico. It's all about what the shipping industry wants not saving lives.
Please call your Senators & Representatives (and governors, mayors, etc, etc)!!!!
9/26  #CallToAction: #PuertoRico needs aid from the mainland, but it's moving too slow. We need a temp. waiver of the #JonesAct.

…
T-AXES ONE LAW= 75,000 PAGES..EXTREMELY NON SENSE.

I would expect no less from that fraud.
The crueler joke is all these distractions while people are on the verge of death in the USVI and PR. @realDonaldTrump lift the #JonesAct!
You read the whole thing?  I’m impressed...
Maybe you should study it a little more @SenGillibrand
@networktechsusa But the punch line is expected from this WH.
look into it for yourselves don't rely on her to tell you the truth do your do diligence
We are so SQUEEZED already! Seriously!
@realDonaldTrump could care less how cruel anything he says or does is. He has no morals and is arrogant vile and maniacal to the core.
"His" people always come first!
People like you just can't stand ANY tax cut because it takes from Govt. Asking how will it be paid for? When do Dems ever worry about this?
Thank you Senator for your vigilance
#fairtax  or else they just keep taking deductions and I struggle with 1 employee on payroll.
Flat out falsehood and you know it. Or maybe you did not read it so are ill informed
The economy doesn't work when only 1% has purchasing power. #TaxReform
@proud_liberal67 A cruel joke is right. Another campaign promise broken: "I will lower taxes to help the [middle class]."

Middle Class and economy win.  The rich may need to worry.  Read the Bill and report accordingly.
Shocking.
Why would anyone believe this lying bastard let alone let him near your tax bill?
Not even a little bit surprised...not one little bit.  
SSDD. It's never going to change until he is gone. #impeachTrumpnow
Did you expect anything else?!! D.C., is circle jerk and we're the pivot man....
More capital = more jobs, drain the swamp, let's start with you!
It is the reinvestment of capital that drives jobs, I would not expect you to understand that concept, drain the swamp!
I want Trumps tax plan, all the Dems want is all my hard earned money, so they can give it to people that don't want to work, drain swamp.
The only joke is Filling and LYING to the AMERICAN PEOPLE,  VOTE THE SWAMP OUT OF OFFICE.
When was last time a poor person gave YOU a Job?
I am absolutely SHOCKED that you oppose it!  #GillibrandsGottaGo
2020, please. You gotta start somewhere.
PLEASE READ IT BEFORE SPEWING CRAP AND DEMS "TALKING POINTS"--IF NOT IT MAKES YOU LOOK UN-INTELLIGENT
It is what makes the world go around, it does create growth, jobs stability. Were you born into money or did coperations, donations, wealth, help you along?
But the kids'll be okay...
@SenateMajLdr you guys just won't help anyone at the bottom. Know where low & middle class stand with @GOP
This is a total lie! I watched his speech, the tax cut is for the Middle Class! I am disgusted by your blatant lie! LIER
No joking matter; it is inhumane & reflects a self-serving man, a political know-nothing bent on making money regardless the harm to OTHERS.
Yes, a tax cut for the middle class and doubling thier standard deduction is SO unfair!
A cruel joke? OMG woman, what in hell do u  call illegally seizing 21K Delphi pensions & eliminating their healthcare while ToppingUp unions
Did you really expect anything else?
How GOP "FREEDOM" Like
You didn’t even read it yet, did you?
Exactly who did doubling the national debt help?
None of us Michael. Trump can't change anything either because the whole establishment would lose their gravy train
I hope we can count on you to make sure it never comes to pass!
What do you expect from lying Republicans.
Already getting hammered for years by the Democrats and Obama with health care and taxes I'm ready to try something different !
you are the cruel joke
no matter what plan is you will oppose. Shame on you
Is there anything this administration can get right!
Please explain how?  Give tax relief frees money to hire more. Also, doubling the deduction for single payee. How is this bad again?
Really. You do realize that NYers pay higher rates bc on paper we make more! Or do you not care about the workers?
Doesn't the actual tax for the poorest increase from 8% to 12%?
Heard on NPR...
So a TAX INCREASE FOR THE POOREST
You must be following the fake news networks
We never had any doubt.
Public Officials are held to a higher standard by virtue of being elected by the ppl & their oath of office. #Impeach45Now
Can't wait 4 hs base 2 realize tht he's screwing them royally
#BasingTaxesOnClasses is a #MarxistContruct
Either tax everybody at the #SameRate or #SameAmount
#EqualJustice 
#NotSocialJustice
Seriously if Trump could cure cancer u would find something wrong with that to....smh

Lower incomes workers don't pay anything they get it all back on there refunds
So guess who really pay!
More smoke and mirrors BS
I would be paying more under the GOP tax plan.  My bracket would stay the same but I'd lose too many deductions.
Like what? Mortgage interest still deductible and no AMT
No it doesn't actually. It helps everyone, especially middle class. Stop w your partisan games and do something for the people.
Reagan started the downfall of the middle income w/ trickle down on your head politics.
BS
How in the hell did you get this job?
Kirsten, have you read the plan? No didn't think you did.
Unlike you, she did.
No she did not. Neither did you.
This is the best tax plan for economic growth in thirty years.
We need to fight this unfairness as hard as we did Healthcare!
What's unfair? That the@middle won't be paying more?
#theylie
Wanted to shout out a new power generation system that my teacher wants to possibly make a prototype it's going to be highly efficient5phase
An idea I have developed
What is your plan for tax reform
a single,NYC senior man or woman who itemizes really loses here.  $12000 deduction far less than current deductions 4 R.E. MTG & med deducs
Didn't think a pandering tax and spend liberal would say anything else- one question: how do you balance your personal checkbook?
A single NYC woman who earns $120000 will pay far more in fed taxes if no mtg, state & local tax or med deductions. Unfair 4 singles
The only joke that I see, is you, and a Democratic Party!
He will be WINNING on tax reform just like he WON on health care!! So much WINNING!!!! 
Shut up. It doe not!
Exactly
Gillbrand stop lying
What exactly is your tax plan, Senator?
Tax, tax,tax, until it hurts
No it doesn't.  Why are you not telling the truth?
In other words, Trump’s tax plan helps his friends and screws over everyone else. But #drainthesswamp, amirite?
Look at the bill and then make up your mind
Trump's plan? I can almost guarantee he has no clue what the plan entails.
Multimillionaires who feel oppressed by taxation need psychotherapy and or and injection of the mankind gene
I feel oppressed and I am not a millionaire. Taxes are out of control especially in NY
Dems in full obstruction mode to giving Americans their wealth back.
So double my deductions is bad for me and fewer deductions for you is good?

Ask for the numbers. How,much would a middle class family save?
How is "middle class" defined?
cruel and not funny...
Corporations don't pay taxes and you know this but economic idiots posting here believe your communist lies,dems always raise taxes on MC
This is surely not new to you and if it is, where have you been for the last 30+ years?
THEN DO SOMETHING TO END THIS "IT" NIGHTMARE!
Thanks for staying on them, Senator. We are proud of you!
Those last three words also apply to the entire Trump presidency.
Side note-if all the corporations get taxed out of business who is going to hire anyone,the local collecting welfare? Grow up!
Elizabeth Warren puts down the 1%, when   in fact she's part of the 1%. she's a phony, and a hypocrite..
Tina I was sure you be all for it. Shocked. Shocked I say.
Proof? You liberals all pretend to care so much for the middle class yet everything you do hurts them what did you do for the past 8 yrs? 0
Democrats NEVER have solutions only obstruct &criticize. America is sick of you people. Our country has suffered enough under your policies!
The GOP did what for 6 years? I'm sure you were really upset about your party of "no" then.
If dems had a tax plan it would increase taxes 40-60% for the middle class to pay for destructive socialized medicine.
here you go again, comes from the trump admin it must be bad! middle class will benefit most dont lie, need tx brk on corps 4 ecconomy
Your agenda is to promote an anti human ideologies called , Socialism, Marxism and Communism. They're all deadly to the human race..
Explain more?? How?
It’s outrageous!!
We're on to you. More liberal lies!
I never believe in what liberals say.. They love being TAXED TO DEATH..

Gee. What a surprise
Instead of giving corporations & wealthy big tax cuts, it might be more beneficial to the national budget if they investigate all of the government spending, especially all of the crooked politicians, including DJT. Seriously!
And HRC. Clinton Foundation. Just to add a couple
Bullshit honey. Your anti #Trump agenda is preventing progress, keeping unfair taxes for your moronic liberal agenda. #DumpGillibrand
Your the joke. All you people do is raise taxes on us while taking in special interest money. Your Fake.
Actually that's not true and you know it millionaires get banged and get a surcharge.  More proof that you don't know crap about business
No way! I never would have guessed! Ugh. Can we PLEASE have a do-over???
So fix it, tell your fellow Senators of both parties that we have had enough! If Congress doesn't get off their toilets, Trump will kill us!
That's what we figured and have not read any details yet. Thank you.
What do you have against profit?
Yeah and what happen to that bipartisanship language that democrats was talking about? Short lived I know,right?
What about tax deductions for the sick or disabled? They expect them to pay thousands more?!?!?
They should have known better than to be sick or disabled! This tax plan is basically economic eugenics.
Yes, they didn't take away health care so let's bankrupt them! 

My disabled daughter is 6 and we NEED the medical deduction!
Are you an NY resident? The congressman from NY23 is pushing this plan HARD. He also owns a medical debt collection company.
No I'm from Texas, the land of shitty representation!
One Example:
Claims the Senator is wrong, then posts the outline of the plan that serves as proff of what she's just said. Are you paying attention Ivan?
Trump ran as a racist populist. He's governing as a racist, let them eat cake elitist.
Trump won on real issues, tax, immigration, regulations and won. And will keep winning.
Dude, you believe certifiable lunatics like James Woods and Joe Walsh. Get some meds and come back to Earth before you troll me again. 
Of course it does.
Way to go @SenGillibrand   Don't ever let the facts get in the way of your hyperbole!!
Calm down... trump and GOP have done nothing but fail since day 1.  This won't pass
But...but..but supply side economics always works so well for the working classes, right? /s
#trickledown The peasants will get the droppings.
Senator, they are putting it on tee for you all. Go full class warfare. Dems need to demagogue the hell out of this.
We should just keep the corporate tax rate at 35%. That way they're incentivized to offshore money, and reinvest outside the US... totally!
We should raise the rate to 40% and then offer incentives to companies keeping their cash and jobs in the US.
You realize that won't work, right? We already offer incentives to reinvest in the US through tons of subsidies. They still offshore.
Then raise their taxes even higher. Cut their access to US banks. Make it so that it becomes untenable to offshore. It ain't rocket science.
So.  WHO is shocked.
