This is so depressing to me. Someone with my condition and without treatment has an average life expectancy of mid-forties.  I am 36.
I was a child of poverty. Everyone deserves food, shelter, and safety. Healthcare is a part of safety.
I am not a disposable person.
It is to Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell
I agree.
No. Up to FIFTY-ONE million do. 23M MORE than with ACA.
Under current law 27 million still are.  How do you sleep at night politicizing peoples health and death so blatantly
PLEASE REFER TO THE NEW BILL AS TRUMPCARE! MAKE THE GOP AND THEIR LEADER OWN IT!!!!
Republicare! Blame them all for this.
Deal. But if it works, don't try and horn in on it like it was your idea. We'll tell to to get bent.
Listen steeeeve it STINKS to high heaven so no worries here. You looked scared in Saudi Arabia the other day when you were surrounded.
I wasn't scared. They promised that they'd have two bottles of Bushmills when we arrived, I was thirsty and I didn't see the booze. 
Again. Disgusting
Disgusting? Yes, I see that now. You should really consider getting some work done on your face. And those bangs? Hideous.
And you obviously don't own a mirror. Or maybe you cant see yourself through your white sheet.
That is a farce.
Why not try Sen Sander's Universal program?  Run that through the CBO.
It's not Sanders' Universal program. Conyers has been introducing that bill since 2003. Ted Kennedy prior to that. Stop stanning Sanders.
I'm ok with it... They will find other avenues to get health care. Obamacare was failing anyway, so they were looking at losing it already.
I have thought about it for thousands of seconds.  Maybe millions.  My whole family will lose our insurance, including my 2 small children.
I was able to start a business because of the ACA and not having to worry about healthcare being tied to an employer.
Let's take it a step further--we need universal, single payer healthcare.  Do we really want to be a nation of barbarians?
The 23 million who were forced to be on Obamacare because of a mandate? The federal government forcing me to buy something. THINK ABOUT THAT
Thank you for taking a stand for all Americans!
It's 23M MORE THAN CURRENT ESTIMATES (28M) totallying 51Million.
Umm, not really.  Either your a liar or an idiot, try reading the 1st 2 paragraphs.  I think you are both,  fucking lying ignorant bitch.
Republicans have 2 pay for tax cuts somehow? Why not on the backs of the vulnerable? 
It sure is! Please fight for people with disabilities who will be hit the hardest!
It's beyond absurd. Unconscionable. They would be nothing less than mass murderers. It's that extreme. #FucktheGOP #AHCA
Think about this for a second, under the ACA I could have kept my doctor if I wanted to.  #FAIL
No, let's make sure middle class struggling families are paying top dollar for inadequate coverage. I guess that's okay with you???
Block the campaign to replace the ACA with Trump Care.  Americans deserve better.
You mean the Ryan death panel bill?
Stand tall and hold the line
I'd rather not. It makes me sick to think that could happen.
Should read "could lose their FREE insurance."
And a lot of GOP lawmakers could be losing their jobs.
are u gazing into that same magic ball that @SenSchumer is the one that can see into the future? did u see the implosion of obamacare?
Food stamps, student funding, mental health...all proposed cuts...it's disgusting
are these the same people that said premiums would go down and you could keep your current plan and keep your doctor? #repealobamacare
I AGREE! What happened to Trump saying Health care for all Americans! HE IS LIAR!
including myself and my neighbor. We're both 64 our insurance would be 18,000.00 to 23,000.00 a year.  Both on SS *NOT SSI* no Medicaid.
How will you fix the unaffordable care act?
It doesn't take a second.
Can I still keep my plan & Doctor line Obama promised. You Dems passed this so you could see what's in it (Pelosi)
Thanks for the heads up what should we do about it republicans have control of every thing
No, Sugartits. Think of it as 23 million people won't be forced to buy a product that they don't want. So crazy it just might work.
It looks like the senate is our only hope to stop this.
Then how about you do the right thing senator and come out in support for single payer?
What about all the people that lost it before? Whoops!!!
What's unacceptable is that you spit this keyboard diarrhea without any data to back it up
I guess anything to reduce the trillion dollar deficit is a non starter to this NY tax and spend liberal.
Of course it is that's why I always vote blue #DemsCare
How many are going to lose it when ACA completely fails
 Think about that
Got any data to back that claim up?
DeBlasio said 14 million! Which is it?
I will take your convictions as heartfelt when Goldman-Sachs is not one of ur major donors. #SinglePayer ?
COULD NOT AGREE MORE!!!
Listened to your @davidaxelrod Axe Files podcast interview today. If you run, I'll emulate your grandma (w/o the sleeveless dress of course)
BTW, my dual citizen sister just had knee replacement surgery in Paris. SEVEN days in the hospital. A car takes her to rehab & back.
My FRENCH brother-in-law replied to my sister, after she explained what pre-existing conditions are: 'Why have a country?'
Don't let the LEFT LIE TO YOU!  They won't lose insurance.
As a former NYer, TY 4 standing up for me & others.  Please also fight 2 preserve SSDI, Medicaid, & other vital services from being cut.
Gillibrand for President 2020
If the AHCA becomes law or not, the GOP has clearly exposed their values, goals and allegiances.

Then pls also stop line item reports; talk full impact. Full CBO 23+14+65M Congress est. denials on pre-existing conditions = >102M harmed!
Keep bringing it 
Senator Gillibrand!
What's YOUR plan, Senator?
As opposed to nearly EVERYONE who lost their insurance under Obama, you mean?
Do you realize how many took the fine? Why didn't you care about them?
Which means fewer people would have healthcare than before the ACA.
Also add people who are already insured but will be priced out of healthcare because of higher premiums.
20 million gained coverage via #Obamacare. 23 million lose coverage via #Trumpcare . Some premiums to go up 800%. @HouseGOP shameful
it s the greedy racist republicans
The individual mandate is unacceptable. Bankrupting the country is unacceptable.
Yeah! How DARE those white GOP devils trim our new welfare handout program. They're supposed 2 just keep transferring their wealth & STFU!
Would it have killed @SenSanders to smile at the convention? Dems learning a tough lesson. Winning TRUMPS the Sanders/ @SenWarren idealism.
We are embarrassing ourselves in 2017 with this crew of GOP schisters (can someone tell me how to spell schister?)
Sure- G. O. P. 
And the blame falls on you, @gop. Maybe this will DE$TROY @gop completely? You brought thi$ on your$elf. Who will help the wealthy now?
Here's what I'm thinking about. You said 42 mil people to be covered with #ACA for $800 billion. Fact: 21 mil for $2 TRILLION
We have thought about all those without insurance for 8 years. Stop the lies.
Wait until it's fully edited b4 you start your fear mongering.
But it's only 23. Not 24 with prior assessment. . That's better, folk will say. Plus mandates gone so it's what was wanted
I suspect the country would riot.  It's not over yet. I think they'll rewrite it.
Oh please. How many have insurance through being forced to buy it but cannot see a Dr.?! The riot happened. We voted to #MAGA
Do something!
It's not "up to" 23 million at least not in CBO report. That's their estimate not their upper bound on the estimate. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/hr1628aspassed.pdf …
You do realize more than that are uninsured under Obamacare...at least you SHOULD know!
So because it only almost but not quite doubles the uninsured population. it's not that bad? Only an 82% increase in the num uninsured! NBD!
Interesting how people like you never ONCE spoke out against the heinous Obamacare.
You mean the ACA which cut the number of uninsured almost in half? The AHCA will pretty much directly undo that.
I speak out against millions losing health insurance, not against millions gaining health insurance
But can they keep the doctors they like?
Sure sounds like it's time to back #MedicareForAll and stand out from the crowd.
YES IT IS!!
Universal healthcare is the only acceptable solution.
Not only is it unacceptable, it was already voted down by Senate. How is it that the House approved it and its back, nearly unchanged?

#MedicareForAll is the only solution
I actually own my own business. A small animal vet hospital. With 10 employees. After putting myself thru vet school. Nice try though.
It did. But we could do better. Thanks for being so supportive.
To be honest, I am scared.
Think about it for another second, and you've already put more meaningful effort into health care policy than @POTUS.
Adorable dog.
If you're talking to @Potus, I agree 100%.

If not, well, adorable dog.
Make them face the nation & explain WHY those people shouldn’t have health care, without daring to dissemble & redirect.
"Because we think that 23 million people should be able to decide what they spend their money on and not forced to at the point of a gun."
How will the government help those who lost their insurance? Who will help those who lost their insurance?
Some have jobs but don't make much for health insurance costs and premiums. I have insurance and pay copay co insurance and deductibles.
And millions more have to make a choice between feeding their family or being forced to buy health insurance, get a grip
Yes, because you get no benefit from health insurance. If you're that poor, you're already covered under medicaid or by federal subsidy.
