2/ Note that RAND estimates around 4K transgender Americans already serve in military and reserves
3/ Last month Secretary Mattis said Pentagon needed more time to study issue of transgender recruits
4/ June 19: Joint Chiefs chair Marine Gen. Dunford said there is no issue with the transgender Americans currently serving. Q is recruits.
5/ POTUS this morning says no transgender Americans can serve, period.
6/ Days ago House blocked ban on Pentagon paying for gender reassignment surgery and other medical services
7/ Here's the Mattis memo I referred to a few tweets back --
8/ POTUS tweets suggest he would kick 4K Americans out of the military and Reserves because they're transgender.
9/ please see the reasoning behind this announcement per source talking to @jonathanvswan
Just spoke to a Trump administration official about the transgender military decision. Here's what they said... 
10/ POTUS campaigned as someone who would generally stand up for the LGBTQ community.
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
11/ -fin-
Seriously people, If you don't recognize this for the big distraction it is then you haven't paid attention!
We know this is a distraction. We know it's about focusing away from HC to yell about this. We know.
Y'all know, but every single mess station jumped on it like it was catnip! That only helps 45! They ignored the stump speech last night and
that was a good first step! but jumping on this tweet today 45 just got what he wanted!
As I've said before: That's why God created browser tabs. We have the ability to multitask
Yes! you absolutely can, but he's trying to run the MSM right now. They can't afford to spend more than a few minutes on this bs!
Yes, well, that's up to the media. (looking at you, Jake).
As for the transgender issue. I have friends who are trans, and I don't like this
We shouldn't have to pay for hormones
We already pay for hormones for many members of the military who aren't transgender, why not pay for the trans military members?
Because we are discriminating! DJT is a !
As if Scientific studies are something Trump would consider.
Science also says a man is not a woman but liberals only use science when convenient 
Sorry, missed your citation for that 'scientific' statement.
You can look down for a citation
So much for standing with the LBGTQ community? You have always been a fraud. You and Pence are made for each other. Bigots.
Rand study BS based other BS study numbers.all guess. Also an overwhelming assumption TGs are MtoF when most school cases filed are FtoM
Thanks, Jake. Thank you, Martina.
The pretend what they are not and you pretend to be a news man.  Both are a joke
The Transgender soldiers I've seen in the news recently could easily kick my ass with 1 arm (perhaps both arms) tied behind their back.
Did you serve in the Military?
Would it sound crazy if I suggest our president is selling our nation to Russia and throwing up smokescreens?
He's a real-estate guy. That's what he does.
Would it sound radical if I called the trans tweet an attack? Look at us all fighting and bickering. That's what we should defend against.
I'm surprised this is a thing! They've been serving since #MASH.
#Trump costs #NYPD $60m keeping son in school comfortable in but doesnt want to spend $2-8m for #military to have body theyre comfortable in
$8M  is what taxpayers pay for surgery for transgenders in the military
Did you even read that? Take a look at Retrntion Policies for starters....
@jaketapper  You are a flipping hero in all this. We all appreciate your work.  You must be exhausted. 
Thread -- cost is not at issue.
Research? Who needs research when you have a Twitter account?!
Note the cost estimate is based on 2014.  What's the cost estimate for 2016 with severvice members being more open of who they are?
Here we go Jake the Fake. How about going to any military unit and asking the soldiers what they think ? Oops that would blow your narrative
So when are you gonna discuss the Rasmussen poll??
http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/general_politics/june_2017/48_favor_delay_in_transgender_military_enlistments …
try talking to the ones in the military.No special treatment no sensitivity training.No surgery's paid by tax payers.A study does nothing
try talking to the service members on this not a study.No special treatment or sensitivity training for trans.No paying for surgery
Your study and tweets are proof the left uses trans as tools. Take a moment and think about that. https://twitter.com/polnewsforever/status/885928621952704516 …
Keep up the good work
Making America Great Again!
This is the kind of reporting I would love to get used to @jaketapper. Thank you for including sources!
Come now Jake. Like Trump would read it anyway.. He spoke to his Generals more like Colonel Sanders when he was eating chicken.
Hey, Jake, why the fake outrage now? Transgenders were banned under Obama for seven and a half years.
Just more of his lies; business as usual on the WH.
I'm 50 but self identify as 25. Can I join the military for a face lift? Or will you, being the principles guy you are, just pay for it?
The military should worry about destroying & killing America's enemies, not social experiments.
Where's their study on minimum wage increases? Must have misplaced that one.
RAND report essentially said the DOD should decide and they did.
The Military should NEVER bend to PC... they cannot afford ANY distractions whatsoever... it's their decision, period
Now, now. You know how the @GOP hates actual research and factual data. They're a hornets nest full of willful ignorance.
Being that only 0.3% of the US population identify as trans, yeah the "percentage" of them joining would be higher.
0.1-0.5% of service folks w/a couple hundred seeking treatment. 1)transgenders aren't flocking to enlist. 2)'The cost'is a bunch of covfefe
Great thread. Some of the comments are impossibly stupid, giving a window into how backward, homophobic and narrow many people are.
Leave it to Tapper to go for the statistics on a hot-button issue.
Shall we break this up into 140 char sentences and tweet it to trump so he will actually read it?
Surprise! Results don't match trump's assertions regarding costs and/or other factors concerned with military service.
Trans people suffer from gender dysphoria a sever mental disorder. People with sever mental disorders can be turned down by the military.
Trump is correct - medications which are necessary for life would be difficult and perhaps life threatening in an active situation
Have you ever served? If not you have no idea what you're talking about.
#LetThemServe  Lady Valor: The Kristin Beck Story 20 Years of service SEAL teams 1,5 and 6
Thank you for always reporting on the truth, even if you fall out of favor with diehard Trump fans and @GOP Integrity costs but wellworth it
Calls it like it is!
I trust Mattis more than a RAND study.  Leave social studies experiments OFF the battlefield
Who cares? Why don't you hire transgenders on your show and lead the way?!
The military's core job is to defend our country and that includes killing its enemy. They don't have time to deal with transgenders
Sen Hatch says it clearly too. TRANS are People Too. TRUMP is just MORE RUSSIAN every day and more deranged. SEE http://tinyurl.com/ycersh8l 
The military is not like Walmart. Military services is a privilege not a right. Talk to Vets before you spout stupidity.
For those interested in facts not just name calling here is a good article
1. What PT standards do they have to meet? 2.What MOS's are open to them? 3.40% of enlisted TG's commit suicide, are u putting them at risk?
So, this is a political stunt against Dems? That hurts Trans ppl in the process. Mueller cannot work fast enough.
We don’t care. Taxpayers should not put the bill for their surgery. That’s what they want.
Short version, Trump ignores the advice of experts and substitutes a reality of his own, even if it breaks campaign promises, again.
Good on you, Jake. This is disgusting.
Did you read it ?--medical accommodations needed for TG's and in the field.why do this for 0.1 -0.5 % of mil?? Just ridiculous,aberrations
And you think this man cares? Todays shiny object for us to run after. He needs to go. Come on America. Wake up
TG sexually confused 0.3% of population should get to do anything ?? No military is not the place to rehabilitate ones sexuality.
@SenGillibrand the problem is the loud mouth idiot doesn't care about facts and research! All he knows is hate!
He's a liar and a con man, haven't we all figured at out by now?
Read National Preservation or National Perversion.what legacy will we leave.https:\\www.artisanvintageworks..com.
Facts, schmacts.
Jake, does trump have the last word on the military? Can the courts overrule him?
He is the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of the United States, and he has done the decision with counsel of the Generals.
Do u not understand. We r wiping 8 years of shit out in one year
Figured HE wld! Lol just admitted jarred! Ure upset because ure still in the closet lol
You forgot to remind everyone that RAND is 88.9% financially supported by Liberals.
Minor detail??
Well t vast majority of people in democracies are liberals so. The right wing has many think tanks, go find their twitter feeds to wallow in
Don't let him hijack this news cycle while he's plotting for Gingrich to become next AG. Need split screen news- one shock -other corruption
“All men are created equal. Now matter how hard they try, they can never erase those words. That is what America is about.” 
― Harvey Milk
Trump's base is being fed red meat this summer to make POTUS feel good, Dems feel bad, distract from investigations. #PaceTheRage
What Jake does NOT have the courage to address honestly.
Why should Government pay for reassignment surgery?
Process over 100k.
Why should tax payers pay for a transgenders "transition" surgery?
#NAACP #BSA #LBGQT #Fox"news" POTUS is desperately trying to change the channel - we must stay tuned in to #healthcare & #russia & #impeach
As usual u r missing the point.
Correct decision by @POTUS Trump on the "Transgender" front in the #USA.

@USArmy @PentagonPresSec @VP @DeptofDefense
Nobody cares  #jakeoff
So the @WhiteHouse is meddling in people's careers & personal lives in a shallow attempt to play to the fears of their base. Got it.
Volunteering for military service is only for the needs of the service. It's a fickle thing and it is not a right.

#Impeach45 
#TrumpTreason 
#GetOutTheVote
#25thAmendment 
#TheResistance 
#WeThePeople 
#LGBTQ 
#Enough
UR opinion is based upon UR military operational experience right? How many yrs did you serve aboard ship or on the battlefield? STHU #MAGA
Suffering through the first Black President? No bias
there!
The military isn't a social experiment
I remember the old days when GI meant "govt issue" not gender identity which, to think of it, is quite the opposite.
Bad tweets this morning!

Good thread here:
Totally disgusted by this, but health care health care health care!
It's totally tone deaf during American Heroes to tweet this LGBT policy reversal; so-called pres needs to support ALL his military #MAGAnot
The Christian Dominionists  (behind 45) seek a US theocracy..their goal enforced worship.
This President will say and do anything to pander to his base. He cares zero for the rest of the nation. #sadpresident
I figure this is more of #Trump trying to #WagTheDog and take attention away from his bullying of #Sessions
Jake Tapper to the rescue again! Thanks for speaking truth to power
"sex they were assigned at birth." -Rand 
"Gender is an essential characteristic of individual premortal, mortal, and eternal identity"-LDS
Must read
Safety before feelings.
No Military money or tax payer money should ever be used to do a tranny operation. Easy as that!
Wow do you ever have an ignorant mind and a mean heart.
Nope, tired of tax money going to abortions and the mentally ill!
Thank you @jaketapper for exposing this kind of hate against our citizens. Idgaf who one decides to LOVE, no one deserves this! Esp military
I wonder why Jake tweeted about the transgender news & not #ImranAwan, Debbie Wasserman's IT aide who's arrested for fraud while fleeing US
bc DWS ALREADY FIRED this guy, who was arrested for Bank Fraud. Tapper is Talking TrumpTrans bc DANGER to OUR US Military, so to USA & World
You of all people should not be victim to Trump's changing the topic. Are you watching the hearings?
If I identify as your boss does that make it so?
support me I'm anti if this trans
Quit enabling mental illness
@realDonaldTrump another let down for America by Trump. Read the study Mr President, you've now have an issue for discrimination, needless

Thank you for this thread!
Thanks for getting on this so quickly, Jake!
The military always discriminated based on physical and mental fitness.
Nice to see you're SO supportive Fake I mean Jake. Who knew you'd be such a backstabber to the MAJORITY of America for such a small minority
"None of the foreign militaries examined reported a negative impact on the 
operational effectiveness, operational readiness, or cohesion.."
Thank you for being a straight shooter.
This thread--read it and see what a disgusting toad POTUS--who never served in the military--makes of his job as CINC.
Thank you Jake. Keep reporting w integrity.
So this was also banned under Obama. And also grounds for dismissal under Obama. Got it@
Are people currently in the military going to get kicked out?  That seems like a bad idea.
I served in VN in Marines•I have no doubt trangenders would impede military readiness, by at a minimum causing dissention & insobordination
Constitutionally what is he banning?  Men & women serve and their medical needs covered. Is it bathrooms , dress code and certain drugs?
I see once again @POTUS has triggered you into an 11 tweet meltdown. Sad!
thanks for your efforts on this topic
Thank you for that well thought out explanation.  Seems this is response to house bill.  People who want, and can, serve should be able to.
MANY people cannot serve. Military service is not a right.
The Military & Taxpayers shouldnt have to pay for Transgender surgery
Thank you Jake Tapper. America needs great journalism now more than ever. Hold him accountable with facts. Facts scare him
POTUS just found another way to shame America. He has no soul. It's only been six months and the damage is irreparable.
This just in: draft dodger bans brave patriots from serving their country.
trump as you know is a LIAR
This action is tantamount to a dog whistle call to his base.  Why?
Remember, facts and proven scientific studies DO NOT matter to this asshat of a Pres. He's incapable of being a normal human being.
@jaketapper Trump weakens military to serve white nat crusade. Purge trans ppl goes w denial visas for skilled foreign-born recruits.
Mattis didn't want transgender ppl serving & Trump couldn't care less abt equality or human rights.
Great news.....This decision puts a lot of points on the board for Team Trump....
So, (YOU) really do want to destroy the US, don't you?
He does not care.  He is only using this to fire up bigotry to have everyone talk and look the otherway. Something else probably happening
See that's the problem with progressive liberal like you Jake , we don't need a Rand study we have common sense!!
High school must have been a tough ride for you -- hope you can get yourself a basic civics education still. Because facts.
Actually I'm in the top 5 % wage earners in the USA :)  You
Thank you @jaketapper. You are always the voice or reason and right!
Good to show data not opinions
This has Mike Pence all over it, and Trump being the bratty bully because he's not getting his way, So he went there. "My Generals" ass.
Is there any transgenders at cnn with air time??
So the guy who avoided serving 5 times will not allow others that want to be of service to the Nation? Wow!
This, from UCLA, estimates 15,500 transgender in active duty and reserves https://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/Transgender-Military-Service-May-2014.pdf …
Anyone regardless of gender who serves in the military is a true HERO imo.To give of yourself, possibly with your own life,deserves RESPECT
Mr. Tapper: Are you also going to report on this news?
The bloated pontificator who blew off military service decides who can serve their country? Insanity. #MAGAImpeachTrump #SupremeCourt
story being ignored. 3/
for anyone's reassignment surgery. That simple. Why am I not seeing anything about DSW's IT person being arrested?  Seems like a huge 2/
Jake my man. Yes this is an important story but the bottom line is the cost. The Amer military, US taxpayers, shouldn't be on the hook 1/
Fox News and your network, CNN, created this monster. Blood is on the hands of you people. You'll have to give an account one day.
Just remember, whole point of LGBT tweets by DJT is to get his base back on-side and take attention off Sessions and healthcare turmoil.
Awan brothers?
Please don't take Bannon's bait. Keep talking about healthcare process and Russia.
Muslims are next. We're headed down a dangerous path.
This action will take everyone's attention off of Russia! 
#TruthandTransparency
Trump is correct.  The military is a defense institution, not a social experiment
Social experiment?  What is wrong with you! Get EDUCATED on transgender issues.
.
#GetWoke #StayWoke #Resist
It was a military decision, not a Trump decision.
He also (or Miller) said "My generals and military experts". They are not HIS
If he tweets about #ImranAwan , will you promise to do one of these story thingys again !?  #Negligence in journalism
Actual experts were studying trans people in the military for years and Trump just . . . tweeted it out.
Once again, thanks for your thorough and fair reporting. You never go for the easy shot.
Is there any way you can get Navy Seal Kristen Beck on your show today? She is the best person to speak to how wrong this is.
So you think the military should pay for transgender medical costs?
Yes. If someone voulunteers to join the military, espically in war time, then the government should pay for their medical costs.
this is called a distraction from russia, sessions, kushner, etc...
Government paying service for Republicans Ok,paying for others, NO
Jake, keep fighting for us and US. Beware of shiny objects. Stay focused on treason.
Mr. Tapper: What is going on in the WH?
This was done now purely as deflection. He knows how this works. Say something outrageous, and it temporarily sticks a plug in...1/2
the damn aka Russia investigation. Eye on the prize, folks! Don't feed his tactics!!! 2/2
I'm pretty sure Mueller won't get distracted by this. He's already got treason, collaboration, money laundering, emoluments to dig into 
Stop w/ the political correctness.  We need to return MORAL STANDARDS to society.  Only bIological males should be serving in our military.
Delusion. Ignorance. And a very, very mean heart.
.
#GetWoke #StayWoke #Resist
Keep taking about HEALTHCARE......HEALTHCARE....HEALTHCARE!!!!
Don't get distracted
Wonder who wrote the tweet for POTUS about banning transgender individuals from military. Bannon?
Thank you, Jake, for providing context. Normally watch @MSNBC but they were completely unprepared to talk about this.
Are you high?
People on here are questioning paying for hormones...how much are we spending on orange spray tan and security for golf trips?

Report: FBI Investigating Smashed Hard Drives Retrieved from Wasserman Schultz's Pakistani-Born IT Worker's Home http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/07/25/report-fbi-investigating-smashed-hard-drives-retrieved-from-from-wasserman-schultzs-pakistani-born-it-workers-home/ …
Did you ever serve in the military?No you didn't so what do you know about it. You telling me American tax payers should pay for sex changes
Trump is just jealous that 15K transgender soldiers are braver than his draft-dodging behind and his spoiled non-serving sons.
Don't let Trump distract from healthcare
We know who he is
I don't know of ANY Transgendered individuals as Lead Anchors on any networks yet they all support Social experiments in the military
Is he trying to put a smoke curtain on Russia, healthcare and all the mess that he has right now? Duh, Dummy me, of course!!
OMG-he's making america WORSE, not better! People elected a fake, Russian-bought, bigot, racist, sexist, ASS!!! America is better than this!
Question is simple...should taxpayer dollars go towards expensive surgery for this?  Whose to say some join so they can get this for free?
people join to get free college. who cares why they join, as long as they serve. we should take care of the Vets.
Are they capable?  And I say that from the perspective stds are lowered for a transgender vs a male. In terms of physical reqs/tests
Wait til ur out and change on ur own dime
go away
I'll guess we'll need a camp for them too.
This draft dodgers evil has no bounds. Rolling back his policy on TWITTER w/o  knowledge, again! R there no bounds!
I don't think Trump even thinks if he doesn't like it he vetos it probably the idea of trans disgust him
