Thank you.
You are a complete fool and should be removed from office.
GET EM, SENATOR! #resist
Resist bc you don't agree with someone else's ideology. Makes sense (sarcasm)
The policies for past 8 yrs have ruined this country, in case you haven't noticed. Obama split this nation completely apart! In every way!
He'll be our next Supreme Court justice. The bantor is irrelevant.
So proud of my Representatives- Gillibrand and Schumer!!!
Good luck at reelection time!
She will do just fine. This is NY. We don't support treason in the White House.
This is NY.. Seriously.. We all need to vote out @NYGovCuomo @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
Thank you senator.

#Gorsuch joins #Alito to champion "relig freedom" of Christian majority to discriminate. Note wording: "EVANGELIZE" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/samuel-alito-we-must-evangelize-our-fellow-americans-on-religious-freedom/article/2617573 …
Great move. Also, please run for president in 2020.
Who exactly have you voted yes on? Anyone Anyone
@TwitchyTeam
"Not that it mattered.
HA!
Ok, yes we’re being childish but man … these people have EARNED IT."
All the communists are voting against a constitutionalist! Shows the country that u r anti American!
You're the wrong senator for the job. We'll vote you out 
From TX you're going to vote out a NY senator? Do you know how this works?
Lol not me big guy. People like me do you know how mindset works?
Thank God for our new SCOTUS.
I am voting against all dems for their bull
I believe Gorsuch is a qualified candidate I am tired of all this non partisanship in Washington time voters CLEAN HOUSE voters interest 1st
How is he the wrong choice? Because the people spoke in Nov. this is what they voted for.  Do your job or like you said, go home
You work for  us , we the people.  We have spoken! Democrats are OUT we don't want your logic and ideology anymore.  TRUMP IS OUR PRESIDENT
Typical woman approach to politics, Gillibrand represents no one but the Bosheviks
This is like telling everyone, I put my shoes on this morning! Nothing of substance.
Warren/Gillibrand for prez/VP 2020!!
Yay team!
Thank you Sen Gillibrand. Pls remind GOP senators that a moderate nominee would not need nuclear option.
How do you square that with the fact that Dems unanimously supported Gorsuch in 2006? Politics more in play than the nominee.
And Garland was supported by by Dems and GOP for his federal seat. Funny how that works.
And I'll vote no on you and @SenSchumer
...k
WHY is he the wrong choice? And if you don't have a good answer it's because @SenSchumer is using you as a sock puppet. Bad example 4 women.
judge by rule not feeling , its not a private relation ...he is a perfect one .
And you were the wrong choice for NY.
Thank you! I'm proud to have voted for you!
Wrong! You are just voting on political lines!
#Gillibrand4President2020
u people can't seriously think we buy your reasons. You are irresponsible and corrupt and not about the American people.
U go girl thanks ,4 all u do
Repubs laud Gorsuch legal skills.Politics aside, wud like to have heard 1 reporter ask 1 Repub where Garland came up short on legal skills.
To what end? No on cloture is just a stall tactic. It wouldn't have defeated the nominee or brought back Garland
You did nothing expect follow the party line. We the people see what's going on.
MOST QUALIFIED candidate EVER! Ur all sore losers who don't want to follow the constitution! U r pathetic! Losses in 2018!
What would CINC Northcom do?
LOL - find another 50 Sens to vote with you and I'll give a damn.
"Wrong choice" = Not a liberal judicial activist and rubber stamp for the left.
Gorsuch is the wrong choice for the Supreme Court. I'm voting no on cloture. #StopGorsuch
whatever - you're the wrong choice for a Senate seat, but there you are anyway...
"Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor" - Jim Belushi  ...You kind of sound like that right now.
That's because you're a Liberal Democrat. Nothing more.
I feel very un-represented by you and @SenSchumer.  Gorsuch is a good man and seems like a great judge.  Put partisan politics aside. #petty
Thank you.
Suck it up Kristan. Elections have consequences. Thank you Slimy Harry Reid
What incentive does ANY POTUS now have to nominate a moderate; EVER AGAIN

2 most liberal scotus judges are 80+

Scotus IS heading FAR RIGHT
so was Kagan but the Republican didn't block her. Shameful double standard
Thank you Kristen
If Gorsuch has any pride he would remove his name from consideration now & end this assault on democracy.  Are pols allowed to contact him?
EXACTLY what I thought!  IF he had integrity!
Gorsuch will never feel comfortable after this debacle.  The GOP Congress has abused the democratic process solely for political control.
The @GOP started this dysfunctional behavior 8yrs ago & voters didn't hold them accountable, its time for things to change!
Unlikely - the Illegal Immigrant Party (formerly known as democrat) will be less popular in 2018.

Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Voting no on cloture won't stop him, will it? It just brings on the nuclear option. How frustrating you all are.
Somebody once said Elections have consequences,  tough shit yoh lost! !
Resisting didn't work out for ya.
yeah and you're a wrong choice for a senator! Totally useless!
Your politics over patriotism will not be forgotten. Your lack of honesty & integrity is astonishing! #NuclearOption
Thank you!

I'm trying to calculate the next time Dems will control #SCOTUS. 2046? Wow. Nicely played. #GorsuchVote
GODDAMMED GOP ARE CHANGING RULES?? Really???
This isn't even an argument against Gorsuch for SCOTUS.
You're a bad choice for New York as a whole, but thanks to NYC you keep your position...SAD...NYC shouldn't decide for the entire state.
 you senator.
Save our democracy! Russian investigation FIRST!
Thank you Senator
Thank you @SenGillibrand. This is a national disgrace. Thank you for standing up for us. #standindivisible #resist
Elections have consequences. Suck it up, buttercup.
The ABA gave Gorsuch its highest rating. Even the NY Times favors a yes vote. But not good enough for you??
Thank-you!
Thank you. Pass the word!!
You...for president 2020
Watch us!
Better than Sotomayor or Kagan! And Republicans backed your picks. Time to be fair. You will NOT control SCOTUS through partisan games.
Thanks
While he may be qualified, he was nominated by somebody under FBI investigation. So, I agree.  Vote no.
You are wrong choice for senator.  You represent only democrats in NYS.
Thank you for voting no.
Thank you for voting NO on cloture. I stand with you and the DEMS as you #holdthefloor #NoGorsuch #weobject
Thank you for being on the correct side of history.  I was going to say "right" side...the right side is not that. #resist #StopGorsuch
Lock step
THANK YOU!
You're the wrong choice for common sense, independence & preserving the integrity of order Americans have a right to. In lockstep w/Sen. Ego
#Democrats who don't vote to #StopGorsuch will make the word "Quisling" popular again. #NoGarlandNoGorsuch
SHOCKER.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator. We could always count on you 
Gorsuch is not even qualified. Not when he will plagiarize others hard work. We need an exceptional person on the Supreme Court. Not Gorsuch
Thank you Senator ..
Thank you. Glad you as my senator!
You have made a huge mistake. You have forced the nuclear option. It won't end well. For anyone.
Thank you
Politics first your public second try to remember who you work for
Thx for yr strong stance! Let's hope GOP remembers they're not *required* to blow up tradition just to get their way. #choices #StopGorsuch
Thanks
I will be voting NO on Gillibrand in 2018.
You still have my vote.  Schumer on the other hand...his staff hung up on me, so guess he doesn't care what New Yorker thinks
I am disappointed that you chose to put party first. ABA gave highest rating. Gorsuch qualified.
I think ur amazing & champ of resistance. I worry about nuclear option for SCOTUS bc it will only make noms more radical in future.
His decisions against women are all wrong.  Thank you.
Thank you Senator!
You have no valid reason to #StopGorsuch. 
These are your rules we play by. 
#NuclearOption (Reid, 2013)
#ConfirmGorsuch
#SCOTUS
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
Thank you!
commend u 4 fighting 4 citizen rights & democracy against #GorsuchExtremism. U r bold progressiv leader
Nice one Gilli...#StopGorsuch
Just realized that my daughters schools model Seder closed with a national anthem written by a pro slavery author.
Thank you.
I trully believe the Democrats been holding back their fire.. America is growing impatient.. It's been 8 years of silence..
Thank you!!
I don't like him either, but do you think it will make it much harder in future to confirm SC nominees? For both parties?
You're the wrong choice for the Senate, yet, here you are.
HELL YES!  .... 

IF IT'S A STOLEN SEAT
DEMS MUST DEFEAT!
OOPS!  You lose!  Try this, I hear it helps but be sure to remove your head first, Snowflake!
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU
For what
These morons just pissed away all leverage to get moderate judges

The court is now heading FAR right

Penny wise & pound foolish
Thank u for ur leadership. Please don't stop fighting for REAL American values!!
You're the hero of the resistance! Please investigate
You represent a broken govt that works against Americans. Obstructionism for Garland is wrong and hurts US! Bad behavior. Voting you out!
