SENATOR IN TRYING TO PASS THIS BILL THEY ARE IN LEAGUE WITH THE CONSPIRATORS ;WHO WANT TO COLLAPSE OUR GOVERNMENT! AND DESTROY THE WORLD!
You are an insult to the millions of families whose premiums have doubled paying for the care of others. #RepealObamacare
I'm struggling since my premiums went up after OCare.
Keep up the good fight! I know we can count on you to work to save healthcare for all of us. The ACA and Medicaid expansion saved my life.
SENATOR WHAT IS THE FINAL OUTCOME OF A WORLD  WAR ?COMPLETE ANNIHILATION! , ESPECIALLY WITH SO MANY NUCLEAR WEAPONS!
Good!  Please do NOT accept it.
I have benfited from Obama care. Pls stop GOP's
Have you read it ? Is it online so others can read it ? Did they remove any language suggestive of forced organ donation ?
Try working together to make changes instead of saying you won't accept it crying about it.
Are you certain all Dem Senators are voting against GOP health bill? So far, you're the ONLY one who stands ground while others sway/concede
Thank you for always supporting us
Cry me another river. Where were you when they increased premiums 116% in AZ with BHO Care, oh I know silence.
Can you talk to @RepStefanik because she doesn't effin get it.
On disability because of a motor neuron disease called Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia. No treatment or cure. It won't help me.
The Dems need to come out strong for single payer. Let NY show Cali how it's done at the federal level since both our state Dems are useless
At least the GOP could submit revisions & debate a Bill & contributed to ACA. This one was written in the dark.
100% agree Marie
Can I have the money back that I was fined for not having a ridiculous nys health plan?
Then lead us to #MedicareForAll like every other modern nation.

Accept nothing less!!
WTF happened? You promised that ObamaCare was the fix-all? Guess you were wrong! You're still wrong.
You mean the millions of families that lost care under Ocare due to high premiums and ded. Oh u dont care about those people got it
Obamacare worked as planned... and here we are.
$51,000 for a helicopter ride to the hospital is an insult. Reg. prices and open market to reduce costs. Stop Med. lobbyists.
What exactly are you promising here? If it passes the House and Senate and the President signs it into law, what will you do?
You are a zero.
And our tax dollars have paid for this healthcare and then some
The affordable Care act was not affordable. Was that just irony?
Bring the cost of all medical equipment & lab work the same across the board! MRI should not cost $1500,$800w/o ins. or $500 cash
But you were ok with Obamacare which was meant to fail
An insult ? obamacare is getting worse, total failure will turn medicare into a single pay, that is failing all over the world plus the VA
Thank you for standing up for families across the US--this bill would have devastating consequences.  Please stay strong!
We were struggling with Obozocare for 6 years with $6,000 to 8,000 deductibles and $1500 a month in premiums! R u out of your mind? You lied
I agree with you !
We have been struggling for the past 3 years and nothing!
You know a thing or two about insults?
Your presence in the senate is an insult to millions too, and we're tired of having to pay to support those who could support themselves.
Yes you will because you LOST!!
Wait senator didn't you vote on a bill that was supposed to fix this way back in 2010?  Oh yes you only changed who paid for it not fix it.
You Kiki, and Cryin @SenSchumer are an insult to us New Yorkers who struggle under the thumb of progressive tyranny. #RepealAndReplace #MAGA
We need to cap medical costs by reigning in on inflation of medicines & services. How do we make this happen? A Bill?
You nailed it when you said families are struggling - but you left out "courtesy of Obamacare & the Democratic Party". We know who did this
Congress should have the same healthcare as the people they represent. How about it Senator?
You tell them, Next President Gillibrand!
It doesn't help one single person get better access to health care — not one.
Try working on a bill instead of being am obstructionist. We need term limits to drain your swamp
Tell us about your healthcare.
We weren't struggling to pay before the ACA
Please keep pushing back. This bill must never become law. Thanks !
Let's fix AHCA or move on to Universal Care.
Yeah, And the VP is still traveling around Listening to horror stories about Obamacare. Why?
Which is true Kirsten? Obamacare is great or GOP bill is horrible?!?! Try telling the truth! #liar #hypocrite
You have NO credibility as you told us Obamacare was wonderful! You LIED knowing health insurance would be lost #liar
Try telling the truth about the bill so ppl can actually make an informed decision. You are a #liar and a #hypocrite
You dont have to - you get free healthcare if you had been under Obcare you wouldn't be talking this way,.Plus - you lost.
Why is the deliberate GOP sabotage of the ACA the dark secret of health care? SCOTUS letting states opt out. Push back on this!
single payer! Medicare for all!
TrumpCare is a death penalty for 28,000 Americans per year. Your Republican colleagues are ready, willing, and able to kill these Americans.
#DebtAbuseByCongressNowExceeds19Trillion
Are the #FinesTooLow or
the #PrisonSentencesTooShort ?
#StopDumpingYourDebtOnAmericanGirls
Thank you for your courage and integrity, @SenGillibrand!
The bigger insult is that there is no bipartisanship to address the issues
It's called "depraved indifference"
We need universal health care, single payer now! The Democrats should propose such a bill and go for it!
We have single payer right now and the government screwed that up so NO on single payer.
An insult? You Kirsten Gillibrand are the insult for your outright deception on Obamacare. Hold politicians accountable, make them suffer!
Thank you for keeping up the fight! We know this is not done, and we are behind you on this critical issue.
Thank you Senator, from a constituent.
How about proposing fixes to AHA?
Thank you
thank you for fighting against this bill
Thank you Senator. I appreciate all your hard work. NY stands behind you! #RESIST
No, what Obama did to us for the last 8 years was an insult. My premiums went from a $15 copay to a $3,000 dedctbl b4 ins kicked in. INSULT
2/2 Senator, this is all about two words; "repeal - replace". This a political game that no Senator wins and every American looses badly.
The American ppl aren't dumb enough 2 listen 2 ur rhetoric. Ur party had a chance w/ Ocare & you screwed it up bigtime.
Why are families currently struggling to pay for care? One word: Obamacare! It was a bunch of Dem lies regarding the lowering of HC costs.
Insult isn't the word, really, it's more of a giant middle finger.
Medicare for all nonprofit healthcare
TrumpCare is no care. It does not cover anything.
How does GOP think people are going to react when their premiums either go up or down a tiny amount for bad coverage? #ReturnoftheDonkey
Why are they struggling to pay for care, Kirsten?
Keep fighting Senator!
No one is talking about thousands of disabled adopted children who will be forced into pre-existing pools.  Shame !
We need Single Payer on the party platform! It's time to catch up to the rest of the world, our healthcare system is broken!
I am sorry Senator, but I have stopped caring. If we enact the new plan, we are screwed, if we don't fix current plan, we are screwed.
Trump and the GOP are a scandal and a blot on our nation. Get rid of these guys.
They vote tomorrow! Let it not pass!
