If this is cancelled by the President tomorrow it will be clear that the US cannot be trusted. #Inhumane #GrossHumanRightsAbuse
Are you serious?You must not have any problems paying your taxes!The rest of us do! I'm tired paying for those who choose to ride for free!
The 'Freeloaders' are not immigrants. They are not allowed any benefits. Children born here as per your Constitution however, are.
Who's paying for their ignorance now?The children. I'm not heartless. But I do firmly believe you must become legal if you choose to stay.
If only there was a way for them to do so, they would do it. Pity there is not. Not even for legal dreamers.
Agree. Just wish the parents came to America right the first time. Then they would be ok.
Um, No! My family is the epitome of legal immigration failure. And $350k later in legal fees. Get out of your perfect immigration bubble.
Ok. My perfect bubble? No it's called law. No talking to you I see. Have a good one.
Is DACA legal? Didn't Obama do that via executive order, however we have immigration laws that should be followed.
Have you complained about the numerous executive orders 45 has signed? Didn't think so.
None of them counter our current law.
DACA has also helped thousand of illegal aliens take jobs that lower class Americans could have used to support their families
What jobs are you referring to?  Americans gave up on a lot of the jobs these immigrants are taking.  They have filled the void
They wouldn't be called "illegal" immigrants if they signed for a visa so they could work legally while they became citizens
How long is that visa waiting list ?
There is not one it's an extended passport
It also cost americans about a million jobs and helps drive down wages!
BULLSHIT
Can you Prove it's not?
Don't like it? Then pass a law.
#ProtectDREAMers and #impeachNaziInChief
not just achieve their dreams..contribute to our society..they work their butts off & do jobs others wont..I wish @POTUS had their integrity
You need to get to work.  Less TV time and more legislative time to work on legal solutions.
If its so good why does not Congress change the law??? It is the executive's job to enforce laws passed by Congress ... dont pass the buck.
But it was illegal.  You would think you would want Congress to enshrine it in law.  But let's not let the truth get in the way of narrative
Absolutely defend DACA but don't  let them hold it hostage  for ridiculous wall
They can still achieve their dreams, only through different means.  Part of their dream must include becoming a legal citizen.
DACA has cost legal taxpayers fortines of money, raises our taxes & penalize law abiding citizens who don't get a free pass breaking the law
You want DACA??  Refund the thousands of dollars to each person who came here the legal way for the last 8 years of Obama's Presidency
Where is YOUR Healthcare vote. No Democrats would vote to relieve Americans of astronomical healthcare prices. ILLEGALS OVER AMERICANS.
.@NYCSchools Students protest on Thursday ! Walk out of schools ! #DefendDACA @nypost @CarmenFarinaDOE   @NYDailyNews
Did you say that to 0bama?
I am not a trump fan yet I just want to know why they did not become citizens. I need to respond to people who ask that. Thanks
Because they get countless benefits as illegals versus becoming a legal citizen. Also many of them will never pass the test to become legal.
Unconstitutional Presidential overreach that has to be undone. Had you, our pathetic congress done your jobs, this wouldn't be an issue.
at the expense of tax paying Americans.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/full-psychiatric-exam-trump …
And there almost one and all good Americans
Has Melania proved she is not an illegal immigrant?
The EO was not the way to do this.  Congress needs to step up.
But none of American
When will you sign on as a co-sponsor for S. 1615?
Send them back where they came from. There just taken jobs Americans could do.
DACA has also helped kill Americans. http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
https://twitter.com/LucidHurricaneX/status/904615824174043136 …
How about you and the rest of congress do your job and take care of this? Obama illegally wrote an executive order.

Yes - give some stats on good dreamer outcomes to counteract the "they are all bad"rhetoric"  Trump spews. #immigrationconundrums
How many have taken the opportunity to become citizens? Oddly this is never mentioned in the DACA promotions you spin.
Ok you do realize how long it takes to become a citizen right?
Yes. And how does that stop reporting the number in that process, or finished?
We are a nation of laws. Illegal is illegal. DEPORT!!!
My kids have dreams to. My tax dollars should go to help my kids get a leg up not illegals. NO DACA no free ride 4 mom & Dad that caused it
TRUMP SHOULD LEAVE DACA ALONE. YOUNG PEOPLE ARE BENEFITING FROM THE PROGRAM.
NO THEY WON'T BE LUCKY ARTHUR. AMERICA IS ALL THEY KNOW.
#VoteHerOut  #EndDACANow Completely illegal! If you want to be an American...here you goGet to it & WE will welcome you with open arms!
But the Re-THUG-LIE-CONS don't want productive people in the workforce, apparently... #DACA = workers who enlist, pay taxes, achieve success
Please no compromise with Trump attempts to backmail Democrats playing DACA or ACA, etc. against his never ending ridiculous racist wall!
Did they apply for citizenship yet?  Because if not, they get to go home and help their own country with their free knowledge
You mean achieve deportation? Shoulda stayed in the shadows
#Bullies #Pedophiles #SexualPredators #Dictators #Bigots #Liars #Nazis prey upon;as @GOP @realDonaldTrump preying on #Dreamers #Immigrants
Illegally in this country yet the rest of this country has to abide by the Laws
If I defend anything it would be the reversal of daca
The Dream act was an Obama exe order. Liked it then even if it bypassed congress. How about immigration reform? 2 difficult 4 u & ur friends
Thank you for keeping the fight alive! #DefendACA
Thank you for your support.
Yay Kirsten Gillibrand
Illegally though
Why were the in the shadows ? Do you mean they were brought here illegally?
You need to focus on what they add to our country. Some people only know $$$
Counting on you to fight for these kids! We can't let them down! #DefendDACA

You're cherry-picking again. How many times has Trump lied? Walked back what he said? Forgotten what he said? Changed his mind 10 times? 

Do you really believe we should have open borders? 20% of the people in the world would come here if they could. Please be realistic.
So proud you're my Senator and while I'm sad that you're spending time fighting this idiot. Our future is bright thanks to you!
YOU HAVE TO STOP HIM!!!
And drained the tax payers of this country.
Hundreds of thousands using welfare and other benefits paid for Americans for Americans. I'd like social security to remain solvent.
These DACA dreamers plus their friends/colleagues & family members will be the troops to inspire eligible voters registered
Last time I checked you were elected by the citizens of nys.  How about you tend to our business instead of illegals Plenty struggle
And contribute to a strong US. #DefendDREAMers
DACA should have gone through the correct legal channels and immigration reform is needed! Start working for ALL immigrants
bring my brother to the US! Yet they get to stay because they broke the law! You are playing big politics with people .......
Brought here illegally while green card holders like me follow the rules or get deported! It can take 13 years to bring my...
God is on their side.......stay strong, stay resilient, stay faithful to God, avoid false prophets!!!
The phony Congress is responsible for authorizing DACA in 6mos.POTUSDJT is following the law barry did not.Make a contribution,not complain.
DACA is wrong for America!! Stop this illegal order by O'Bama.  Illegals need to get in the immigration line!!!!
You've been a Senator for how long? Where is our legislation? DACA is a DHS memo. If you want something done, maybe you should do your job.
We don't care
HELP US. It's up to Congress to stand UP to him.
Have them become citizens FIRST
After you keep the illegal kids my tax dollars are raising, what then, illegal mom and dad get free ride 4 breaking law. END DACA
Pass legislation to make this a legal process... .my understanding is that this was not legislation passed by Congress
Balance  the budget for our children, they have a DREAM  TOO!!!
At what price to those who came here legally or are still waiting in a line made longer thanks to DACA & Dems?
What have you done for the American people's  dreams.
LIAR. They pay taxes and go to school and work. STOP LYING.
What shadows  as they protest making demands ,waving Mexican flags.
Defending an illegal act? No. Make changes to it so it's legal sure, but don't defend an unconstitutional illegal act. Congress needs change
How do we do that? How do we defend what makes America great against a president hell-bent on destroying it all?
So the laws of the land have no meaning?  Should have been done right the first time. You failed and now want to scream.
So has LEGAL immigration
They had no choice. They were brought here. Immigration reform needs to happen so they can become legal. As it is, they cannot.
Oh well? Maybe the parents should have done it correctly.
The children should not have to pay for the sins of the parents. They were innocent of wrong doing.
We're counting on you and your colleagues to come up with something veto proof.
Name one other law that allows immunity from prosecution the longer one continues to break it.
Agree. Good program. Wondering why any sane person would want to kill it.
How about they start the process of becoming us citizens.  If not in the que then they are just taking advantage, just as you do senator.

Good God, you are broken inside.
Where's Kirsten Gillibrand's tweet on helping American citizens achieve their dreams? How about prosperity policy? Still waiting for it... 
Congress should have addressed this with bipartisan legislation rather than rely on executive action
And become productive contributing members of our society. We'd be the losers. America is a nation of immigrants #DACA @OccupyDemocrats
I am your constituent and I stand with you on this
EACH BORN CHILD OF GOD DESERVES A CHANCE TO FULFILL HIS OR HER DREAM !WITHOUT GOALS IN LIFE! WHAT PUR IS IN LIVING? IS WEALTH ALL THERE IS?
No defend American citizens not illegal invaders
What you mean is hundreds of thousands depending on the welfare system or my pay check.
That is a LIE. They have to be in school or work, and they have to pay taxes. That was their deal. No one is living off of your paycheck.
How about we let the #DREAMers stay but they can't vote for 30 years
 program but this is to help illegal immigrants already here. At what point does it end & how can we keep from enroll illegal child
And taken that many jobs away from US citizens and financial aid for education. I know many legal immigrants that want DACA gone.
Now they can share their U.S freebie of knowledge and MAKE MEXICO GREAT AGAIN
How many?
Why are you and Booker and Cortez-Maestro and Harris tweeting this kind of stuff to US?  YOU could do something about it.  Huh?  Huh?
Art.
And now they can go home and save their homeland
And this is how our country will repay them. Obscene!
Why all the praise now? If it's been so great why didn't you lift a finger to make it legal in the past?

You must convince your colleagues to enact comprehensive immigration reform. It's long overdue. Trump's actions are a catalyst. #SaveDACA
Unlike 0bamas actions?
Obama pushed for and the Senate passed immigration reform, but the House wouldn't budge. Bush also tried, but met resistance from his party.
Good.
#DeportMelania
You're a joke. Sent them all back. You should join them.
They carcass a shadow in their home county 
#EndDACA
The GOP hoped oneday they could use  list to deport. They have their heartless dream fulfilled. Sick using brave as pons to appease POTUS.
And it's illegal.

And rewarded them for illegal acts by themselves and others.
Yes it did. And now because of lack of action by our legislative branch over the last 5 years, they might lose everything.
Contributing to the culture, education, and economy of this country often much more than some that happened to be born here. #heretostay
Agreed. Why don't you take the place of one of them so they can stay here.
U have had 8 yrs to fix immigration/Schumer 18yrs. Ask voters if you can PASS TAX REFORM. U don't care 2. NY has 27 lawmakers/PassOURAgenda
U have had 8 yrs to fix immigration/Schumer 18yrs. Ask voters if you can PASS TAX REFORM. U don't care 2. NY has 27 lawmakers/PassOURAgenda!
And they still have no lawful status.  Do your damn job.and quit whining...just remember u have 2b US Citizen 2 vote in fed elec
Kirsten, 
Stop whining, you know about the co-sponsored 
Dreamer act that's through the House & in committee in the Senate.
Move it @POTUS
How about bringing our Elderly & Veterans out of Democrat shadows & give them a Cost of Living Increase & proper Military Svc.compensation?
Am I going to get amnesty on my warrants since I haven't been in trouble for 20years? No? So I can't achieve my dreams 

Thank you for supporting DACA! Please do what you can to help pass legislation that will help DREAMers permanently.
First pass legislation that would  help AMERICAN PEOPLE . Tax ,medical rdeform. Inforcing immigration  laws build that wall.
Is there something preventing you from passing legislation to actually change the law? Instead of just tweeting about it.
Not even close to enough votes
Can we #DefendDACA AND ask congress to pass the #DreamAct??? DREAMERS need a path to citizenship- they want more than just be able to work.
Please let's hear all of the Dems in the house and congress screaming LOUD about this.
.@cathymcmorris are you paying attention? #Spokane #SpokaneDems #WADems #LaborDay
A heart two sizes too small.
We need your strength, Senator! Continue to speak for the voiceless!
What are you going to do?
My dream was to marry a rich man who assaults other women. #freemelania
Be careful what you wish for . Violence or Domestic Abuse is a NO NO .
You could soon be that other women .
Thank immigrants, as Richard Rodriguez so eloquently reminded us to do in 2006.
If these people are so great, how come #Mexico doesn't want them and why don't they make Mexico great again?

#EndDACA
That takes the pride for the dumbest comment of the day.
That one just did.  
You lack originality.
You lack forethought and compassion for Americans.  You also lack the ability to string together enough words for a cogent thought.
That is funny. Please tell me how you reached that conclusion. You  state your opinion as fact. Please give evidence of lack of cogent
thought on my part.

#Freedom #BlessingsOfLiberty 
