Obamacare repeal plan won’t get full CBO analysis by key deadline http://politi.co/2xMY47j  
Apparently they don't have to anymore, they run the show & can flout the rules now. Screw America, these filthy rich politicians don't care
Pretty much what democrats did to pass ACA, but you didn't care how much that hurt middle class then
Wrong Walt, there were multiple ACA CBO scores, upon conception, after Repub amendments & upon revision due to bipartisan review hearings
Reject Trumpcare!
so how did you allow the ACA to be amended fed
I am 1 of your constituents.Are u doing everything u can to slow down ACA vote. NY shouldn't have 2 pick up tab 4 red states.If not do it
Really? Sound familiar. Have u read it?
The GOP Lead By McConnell is Made Up Of Sniveling, Cowardly, Sneaks. Stupid, Greedy, And Incompetent. Try no. 69? Go Shoot Yourself.
I can't stand McConnell, either
@LindseyGrahamSC "if we believe Gov't closer to the people is the best Gov't, then why not healthcare" he should be advocating single payer.
God forbid they would want all of the facts before they vote!
You like the ACA?

No one should sign up for this site. They want your personal information:
#RunOutTheClock
Don't need it. We know what's in it.
Little regard for humanity.
They regard it alright -- with distain! 
What's all this noise about -- democracy?
You kids.
You & your ilk should never lecture about transparency! You've abetted and obscured Obama's illegal acts since 2009 https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
With all due respect Senator and I am one of your constituents.. what are @SenateDems  going to do about it?
Pushing for more wars.
What's the CBO analysis on Bernie's single payer plan? I haven't heard you demand transparency for that.
Get over it, the Dems do the same thing, you're all corrupt! Let me make myself clear, YOU ARE ALL CORRUPT!
You know ACA has to go and this bill is a start to improving healthcare in America. Stop with the scare tactics and do the right thing.
Fear. Fear. #FakeNews just like Obamacare would let you keep your plan and your doctor and save you$2500. You lie so much nobody believes u
DO SOMETHING! I'm a cancer patient and this will kill me..too much focus on politics not what's good for the people..disgusted
Please make sure they don't take our healthcare!! @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @SenSanders @KamalaHarris

Sounds like a bunch of Dems - doesn't it?
You do recognize that this wasn't done for Obamacare either??  Again, fraud politician.
Republicans want you to be transparent, management is never transparent themselves.
Keep fighting this horror. Stay strong for the people of this great nation.
Appreciate your backbone in voting nay on the $700b in defense spending as well as in general against Trump @SenSchumer could take note
If G-C comes to a vote, can you filibuster by amendment until 9/30 passes?
I thought the answer was technically yes, but if GOP has the 50 votes for G-C they could also suspend normal rules with a majority vote.
@LindseyGrahamSC just now LIED & said Obamacare is failing because "it's a bad idea". NO, it's because GOP & Trump are sabotaging it!
Not a lie, ACA was so bad it was never fully implemented in 7 years, this was all before Trump.
Little regard?  No regard.
Transparency? They are showing little regard for human lives! This. Bill. Is. Murder. #GOPKills #GrahamCassidyKills
...or for the people they are meant to serve. 
I sincerely do not understand the Every Man for Himself position of the GOP.
When the shoe is on the other foot,it hurts. Lack of transparency in O's regime didn't phase you
Pot calling the kettle black!
We need a full CBO score including how #GrahamCassidy will impact cost & coverage before the vote!
Are you serious ???
FED up in Amherst NY
Don't Republicans know we can see what they're doing? Their flagrant disregard for the wishes of the American people are stunning.
They are showing little regard for PEOPLE, full stop.
Similar to Speaker Pelosi when she said we have to pass Obama Care to see what's in it. Hypocrisy all around.
They are being bought off
You're being too polite - they're trying to pull a fast one on the American people
Legislation that creates healthcare monopolies & eliminates comp based on quality/cost does NOT serve peoples interest. FULL REPEAL
That's putting it mildly.  They are attempting to break the levers of democracy.
OMG! These people are the worst!
This is so contemptible. The public does not favor ACA repeal and replace. We want the ACA fixed and improved, not gutted for benefit of 1%.
Is NY any closer to implementing statewide universal coverage like MA? People w/pre-existing conditions need this.
What? That's contradictory to what @ChuckGrassley stands for! Shine the light on #GrahamCassidyِ, Chuck.
Sorry, but the bottom line with Republicans is they are PRO-business & people get kicked to the curb.
Listen my family voted for you. Be transparent and also Support Trump. Quit with the games and Kill DACA, do not resuscitate.
Does this plan take from blue states, and transfer to red states?
I believe most Republicans run for office seeking insider information & self-enrichment. Public service has nothing to do with it.
Remember these methods when it is time for Medicare for all
Like your closed door session when you jammed out ACA final version.  Rhetoric Fail
Or the legislative process, or the rule of law .... we could go on  
And human life.
Correct. Hint it like party  ( that GOP brand over ). U.S. . Example when there was Right Wing billionaires Charles Koch & David Koch
Spending  $$$$. Or investment for D.C. politics to run for office & etc://. You are correct
The last bill they crafted at lunch.  This bill in a few days.   Should it take more effort to take away healthcare benefits from millions?
Republicans want to skirt fairness & rules for an over-simplified solution to the "Donald" problem of waking them up!
#KilltheBill before it kills Americans. Call congress. 202-224-3121. Text Resist to 50409 #Resistbot and send free faxes to congress, too!
I think we deserve something more forceful than this impish tweet. Explain to people what this means. Americans need it spelled out.
