I'm concerned about his enormous conflicts of interest and disturbed by his evasion on basic questions about human rights.
Our Secretary of State must be willing to stand up for our values. Not convinced that Rex Tillerson would use this position to do that.
I'm convinced that he will not! Look at the moron these illiterates put in the Oval Office!
Really! Let's see how successful they are when we put their sorry asses in the slammer!
Have you committed a crime?
@deathrep U R truly a Leader of the Resistance. Thank You
Proud of my female senator! 
Stand up for free speech in the Senate. Every Democrats must read Coretta Scott Kings letter on the Senate floor.
thank you!
shut up hack!
you tell him! We want a racist bigot old man to be Attorney General and that's that !
@girlsreallyrule which Dems voted for him?
Too bad it was not enough. How do we fight the total disregard for our nations constitution and the changing of the rules?
we will remember the 4 democrats that didn't, smdh 
How did that work out for you???
No surprise. You lose again.  Your on the WRONG side of history
You love to prosecute the right, never thinking about the people you represent only political tantrums. We love you @POTUS
A perfect record, no for all.  Obstructionist!
.@SenGillibrand Thank You! I'm sure it's not easy and won't get any easier. Please keep fighting for us! #resist
#resist
you lost!
I voted no to all of you right and left see how it worked out for me,  enjoy Rex
Robert Gates Personally Recommended Rex Tillerson. That's good enough for me.
@girlsreallyrule Thank you for your efforts, Senator. Your willingness to stand up and speak is appreciated.
How'd that work out for you?

Don't know if you're running, but you have my vote for President in 2020.
Oooooof course you are... Can't wait for you to get voted out.
oh my goodness! I am super surprised! (Sarcasm.)
So glad they didnt get their way. Being objective&balanced has left the building of radical liberals.Accountability for bias!
Thank you. Having a man with such close ties to Putin is dangerous. #RexTillerson  #Putinspuppet #Midterm2018
Both America & he has enough russian involvement! The  "Beyond a Reasonable doubt' threshold 4 rejection now a must-plsREJECT
Who cares? He will be confirmed. I used to be a Dem. but you ppl. make me sick.
Thanks you for standing up for us! Keep fighting the good fight!
your strength gives up hope thank you! Too bad other Dems are too weak to stand up
#goddess true American! Thank you for representing  #democrats the correct way!
Thank you Senator.
Think you again for being so BRAVE and for being the Conscience of the Government.  I feel they've ALL lost their souls.
@SayHillYes They won't. They are cowards!  Need new people with new ideas as Dem Senators!
thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you again for being so vigilant & standing like a rock for us. #Indivisible
Thank You Senator Gillibrand.
@sammytrnc Rex Kwon Do
- thank you Senator!
Thank you!!!
one of the few Dems I can be proud of, it would seem. Thank you!
Thank you 4 having courage to resist unqualified nominees. I wish @SenFeinstein @clairecmc @timkaine were so brave. @nytimes
@mnboss1 of course you are, you want higher office, and you're a political hack
Why don't you vote the way your constituents want. Politicians need to understand this- it's not about you all. It's about "us".
Thank you for your excellent work.
thank you!
won't matter.
Thanks!!!
Hi, could you do me a favor and check on that treason thing with Trump's Russian ties? That'd be great.
Stand strong! Lead the way!
thank you from #NC!
Yes!
@Illest_Italian everyone should be voting no
his business ties to Exxon and his business mentality makes me fear for our future environment
and I'm sure he played a big role in getting trump to ok the pipeline move smdh
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
so thankful you're remaining strong!
Thank you- no to the #hatefuleight
Honestly just because you stick to your ethics do you actually think your colleagues arent up for sale? Money=Power in the US
don't worry, I'm sure they'll try, but that's what makes a majority so nice
Gee that is the only one I wish Trump did not nominate. He has really screwed up the Boy Scouts.
@TheBaxterBean Thank you, Sen. Gillibrand, for standing firm against those who are trying to destroy our democracy!
Thank you for protecting our country. His closeness to Russia risks our sovereignty. Bannon destroying us
Thanks!
Thank you for trying to keep America safe and sovereign... !!!#Tillerson @jonathanjewel
who do you work for ? You represent New York and its citizens and you want to be fired you vote for Mr Tillerson
You are a hero. And we NEED a hero right now!!!
so proud to have you as my senator.
Thank you for not voting for Tillerson.
Thank you, as ever, for your service to your constituents.
@TheBaxterBean Thank you, Senator.
thank you! Please do more than just vote. Use all procedural options to stop these bad nominations. Too much is at stake.
You are nothing more than a partisan obstructionist. I am a NY resident and you received your last vote from me.
thank you!!
@TheBaxterBean You Ms. are a hero! #fightforthe70% that did not vote for this dictator
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for voting no on Rex Tillerson.
- Kirsten, please know that a great majority of Americans are scared to death of the Führer tRump regime.
Vote no on DeVos too. That women knows nothing about education.
thank you Dems for changing votes to majority from 60/40 to get approved. It's now screwing us
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. You are my Senator!!.#voteNO
I support you and your colleagues to stop Trump at every turn! Do not give in! Please keep Americans safe! It is critical!
Thank you. Doing what is right is not always easy.
thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
thank you!
Boo!!!!
YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION!  THANK YOU!
Bravo Senator!
you are the hero we deserve right now ♡
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU
I wish some senators would cross party lines. These people are not healthy for the future of this country.
I appreciate that you #StandUpToTrump  Sane Americans thank you!
why dont you start representing the upstate voter for a change
Thank you!
thank you.
Keep fighting the fight.
Thank you. Hopefully you can reason with some of the GOP Senators to vote against him. He is too dangerous.
we are with you. Now let us elect more M/W in cong/Senate to stop this evil
As a constituent, I thank you!

Thank you!
thank you
Thank you, Senator
your citizens would very much disagree with you. Thanks for being our representation! #stopobstructing
New York loves u...u are our hero
Thank you!
go figure.
Thank you so much for acting in the best interest of your state and country.
@Oooooo_Donna Good call, Trump wants to turn our government into an oil conglomerate like Saudi Arabia and Russia.
Thank you 
and DeVos! Keep her away from my students!
what about DeVos???
Gillibrand 2020!
Your holding all these choices up....Not cause there is a problem with them but only to cause delays. Childish!
@TedJacksonCA THANK YOU
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!
thank you
Thank you, @SenGillibrand
You're one of my new heroes, right up there with Sally Yates. Keep it up!
Thank you for this and thank you for your service.
@JaneError - Bravo and thank you!!!
@PRevere1776 @gpa70 And you continue to embarrass Upstate New York. Incompetent for your Senate seat best describes you.
Thank you!!
Thank you for voting no. #NotoDeVos #NoToSessions #NoToTillerson #resist
yes, please.
Urge...beg..implore...Tillerson must be stopped b4 he commits us to irreversible climate chaos with his fossil fools
THANK YOU! I hope they do join you. Lead, follow or get out of the way @sendems
Thank you.
.@SenGillibrand Thank you Senator for fighting back!
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020!
Thank you
thank you, Kirsten! You, alone, have been our beacon for hope against this tyranny. Wish your colleagues would follow suit!
Thamk you! Unquestionably the right choice!
thank you!
If they don't join you we will work to unseat every one of them. #TheResistance #StandUpToTrump
Thank you Senator!
thank you!
thank you! What about Sessions???
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. You can always be found at the front fighting for what's right.
Thank you for fighting the good fight on behalf of us, your constituents.
Vote NO on ALL of them!
Thank you, Senator!!
And NO on Jeff Sessions & DeVos & who ever he nominates to Supreme Court. Bannon is running this country & must be stopped.
.@SenGillibrand @NastyWP Thank you for ALL your NO votes.  We need more Nasty Women like you and Sally Yates and @SenWarren #Bullyingsucks
Keep voting "No" on all of these awful, unqualified, conflicted, nightmares. @SenateDems make the GOP, own all of it.
You know he'll pass so your doing this for show. Symbolism over substance.
thank you!
Thank you. You are doing a great job.
you lose my vote @DonaldJTrumpJr
thank you!  i voted for you.  plze BLOCK bannon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are on the side of right.Thank you!
Thank you!!!
you continue to kick ass. I'm glad we have you on our side!
Thank you Senator for sticking to your principles.
Thank you for doing what you can.
thank you!!!
Bravo! Say NO to Devos too! Say NO to all his choices. Just get him out of office already!
Thank you so much for everything you are doing.
please urge each and everyone. Thank you for your strength.
Thank You For Caring Senator!
Thank you!
Good. Thank you.
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand!
thankyou for your courage and conviction.
Thanks @SenGillibrand hope my senators @TomCarperforDE and @ChrisCoons are with you too!
Thank you for standing up for US
Senator is that the Exxonmobil representative or an actual Secretary of State candidate. I will go with the former.
thank you!
Thank you Sen Gillibrand It's what Dems want STRENGTH #Indivisible #StopInsaneTrump #PressDoYourJob #StopBanStopWall
Thank you!
Thank you for saying no to Tillerson. Let's also make sure we #StopSessions!
Thank you, Senator!
