Most of those jobs were part time. Illegal aliens also took a lot of them. Your time as VP sucked for the working citizens. TRUMP 2020.
You Mr. VP should be investigated considering the way you manhandle women right on film right on camera smelling their hair hands on their shoulders etc.

Russia is a priori guilty. West trust only those who can strike them in the face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aaKi1Oxj1Q …
You are great Mr.vice president am very much appreciating the service you have rendered to you country diligently ad with integrity. God bless you.
Shut up Joe already. Most   of people know you’re full of s...
#UltimateVP44-You performed thru IT ALL with much Heroism. Thank You Mr B. A pair of Knights. Love to all Dr. Jill and Mrs. BO.
http://yasobe.ru/na/otdihRoditelam … help)
McDonald’s jobs you guys ruined this country hope to see you 2020 so Trump could show you few things that you missed for 50 years
please help me I not have father and  mother  so help me
@realDonaldTrump
@JeffReedMO 2 false statements supported by  picked stats & 1 you had nothing to do with. Not mad tho. They all lie, Red and Blue.
Eh.  I'm not participating in social media pissing matches today.  Try me tomorrow.  LOL.
I'm not trying to have any kind of match. Meant to untangle you before I posted and forgot.
untangle.... untag*
LOL.  I gotcha.
greatest VP in modern times. Bravo Joe, bravo. #BidenIsBoss
Thank you!
Thanks Joe!
Thank you, Mr. Biden!!!
@6abc amazing how the lies keep coming. Good riddance to you and Obama.
thank you, uncle joe 
Thank you, Joe.
please stay
We love you Joe!!!
@tvonetv yes
I will always remember your memes @VP
thank you so much for your service
we love you VP Biden!
missing you already!
I'm going to miss you Joe.
Greatest honor of your life is yet to come, Sir. When you run for President and secure a resounding victory by the will of your people.
thank you for your service! You guys will be missed
 Cheers @VP
No thank you Mr Vice President
thanks Joe!
Thank you.
Thank you, Vice President Biden.
We love you Uncle Joe! Please don't go too far, we may need you!
Thank you Joe Biden for your work and sacrifices for the people of this country. Can't wait to see what you do next!
Thank you for everything, Joe. You're already missed terribly.  :(
@padresj #fake news
Cool story bro.
no bro child of God bless you
Cool blessing bro.
you may use it on Sunday as you unite us not devide
Cool division bro.
grandfather teaching the father lol but you know the tech and good luck on your big decision
Cool grandfathering bro.
Thank you Mr. Biden, I appreciate you. Thank you for your leadership and service.
@ShaunKing 96 million American workers are either under employed or unemployed. That's a Depression in my book. Carry on
and it was an honor having you as our vic
we love you
you will go down in history as 1 of the best if not the best VP we have ever had. U will be terribly missed. Thank u 4 EVERYTHING!!
You're the best UNCLE JOE.
Please save us, Joe!  We are genuinely scared shitless! Excuse my words, but just being honest! 
Good idea to mark these accomplishments as Democrats .. this will get lost over the next few months and claimed as Republicans ....
Thanks for being our VP while I grew up! Gonna miss u! 
Thank you for all you hard work and dedication. Gonna miss you so much. 
God Bless Sir. I told you 8 years ago at the DE State Fair you'd be VP and you were The Greatest!!!
thank you!
thank you!
I love you Joe. Please save us in 2020.
Thanks Joe
2020, all that has to be said. The democrats will lose if Warren, Franken or Booker are the new faces, as some have suggested - dear god
thank you @JoeBiden for all you've done to make us proud strong & better.  We won't forget.
The honor was ours...
@BucklesAllDay  "one of the worst presidents"
Erik, don't start fights 
It's not fighting... it's just giving our own opinions.
Fact vs opinion 
You right
Biden's right 
2018 please help Dems
https://youtu.be/k4XMvWIRmx0  this man is no good
Pizzagate.

Digusting the prank you helped play on America. You made the list
#IndiaWantsPeace
Who is real God...?
#BBNaija
Must watch : Sadhna Tv 07:30 To 08:30 PM
@narendramodi 
@rashtrapatibhvn 
@POLITICOPress 
@SriSri 
@BarackObama
@realDonaldTrump 
@MichelleObama
thanx jo
Mr. Vice President, the things that you and Former President Barack Obama has achieved in this nation was just #MIRACULOUS!! Thank You Sir!!
Crying all day. Thank you so much, sir. You and @POTUS did so much for this country. xo
ok and just what did he do? A new team is in town, so u can stop crying now.
Why would you reach out to a total stranger who isn't even talking to you?
u supported who??? A FBILiar, Ignored rules, had no message. Clearly had a pay 4 play organization. SAD
that's who YOU supported Ken.Trump is the liar,cheat,rapist, tax evader, Russian sympathizer +
hey wise woman, with that type of comment u need to change to stupidwoman.
awwe, did I hurt you nonexistent feelings, Kenny? NOT changing my last name 4 cause U think so

Thanks to Trump
S.O.S
ok
MAGA 7 more years. Best president ever
@sledskillz 10's of millions forced to have insurance or fined, millions of part-time jobs, and how many attacks? Stats can lie.
Please. Took me 6 months to hire a PT employee and had to pay top dollar to get them. And attacks?  You're reaching Chaz.
The PT stats are in the majority despite your personal situation. But it's pointless to tell those who love these guys.
And those that hate them.
I don't hate them, they we objectionally not bad but not great. I give B. Clinton credit despite my evil right-winged ways.
I thought they were great domestically, pretty bad abroad despite my tree hugging liberal ways.
I think you're spot on though. Seems to be the general consensus. Strong at home, bad on the road like @EricRaskin's Eagles.
love you, Joe!! Thank you!!!!
@mlobelsky thank you sir
Thanks for your service.
don't forget about the memes
Thank you uncle Joe !!!! You'll be greatly missed. Please run 2020!!!!
you were a great leader we respect you .
Absolutely hands down the BEST VP EVER 
WHY DIDN'T YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENT?  
You would have handed trumps ass to him LOL
Thank you for everything,  most  importantly for your commitment and loyalty. You will be greatly missed.
#2020
Yah baby
thank you for everything !
Thank you for courage, dedication, devotion, love of God, family, Pres. Obama & family, the USA & me. God bless & keep you. #Thankful
Biden 2020
Biden's ready for assisted living and visits to the dog track.
Welcome Back Home to DE!
You are a great American! God Bless you!
It was an honor to have you in leadership, sir. Thank you for all you've done for us.
you didn't do anything it was easy taxpayers money
Tell it Joe!
thank you for serving our country with dignity, compassion and humor.
already missing your presence in DC
thank you!
you will be truly missed. Thank you for your service.
@keithellison   And then you woke up.
"insured" huh? I feel like the mafia busted up my place and said "pay the insurance or get more of the same." Most  can't pay $15,000
#creepybiden youtube
I hope to god I never see you again . Climb in a hole somewhere and never come out .
Thank you!  Best to you and yours!
Also thanks for all the pics you took. Without those we wouldn't have had some classic memes!!
lov u b
thank you Joe Biden
I will miss you and President Obama. Loved seeing your bromance and memes.
tf did you have to do with any of that
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.  We are a better country and people because of President Obama and you. #youarestillmyvicepresident
THANK YOU, for a lifetime of service!
a country left racially divided, middle class is paying for others insurance, and all those troops home led to the formation of isis
DISTANCE RELEGIT REBUILD N RAPTURE BY YOUR OWN ACCORD N EFFORT...CUP A JOE!
Thank you @VP and @DrBiden for being such amazing people and for doing so many wonderful things for Americans everywhere!
@POTUS You both should be tried for treason under Title 18 Part 1 Chapter 115 of the U.S. Code
America loves you! We appreciate all the work you've done. You will be sorely missed. We the Bidens!!!
after today will you please change your name to President Of Vice?
Thank YOU, Sir!
We love you uncle Joe!
A heartfelt thank you for your leadership. You will be missed.
Thank-you Vice President Joe Biden for your service to America and for being everyone's favorite friend. @JoeBiden
Thank you so much for everything you done for your country. Love from, a Canadian ♡

@christibbbb0913 Love and we will miss you Joe! Please help us maintain the resistance to fight to keep your 8 yrs of hard work!
now you're going to help cure cancer, thanks for serving us Mr Biden.
thank you!
couple thousand criminals and terrorists free
please find someone like you to mentor. We need more like you.  Thank you
hope you are going to rest or get trump out
I wish you had run for president but I respect your decision. Thank you for your service.
Joe,you will be missed more than you know! You are by far one of the very few real,honest +truly good people I've ever seen! Thank you
thank Mr. Vice President. It is an honor to have been served by you. Grace. Toughness. Intelligence. Love. Family.
Thank you for all you did and all to come!
#4moreyears
we love you and are going to miss the dynamic and brotherhood you and Mr. Obama have. Thank you for serving us sir 
# u rocked grandpa joe#
How did illegally bombing 7 nations this past year feel as a victory lap? @POTUS even knocked out one more Libya run this morning.
Thank you for a job well done. You served us well. Had you chosen to run for President, you would have had my vote.
Thanks you Mr Vice President!!!!!
we'll miss you Joe!
Thank you Mr. Biden.  #scrappy
Great job Joey. You've set the bar very high. Hopefully little hands can hang on
Thank you Joe! You will be missed!
I love what you done and you will be missed if only if this president had a open mind Jesus continue to be with you and your family
Stayyy ;-;
You will be missed!

come back!
best president and vice president and families ever!! Thank you Sir!!
it was our honor to have you!
awesome job! Both of you will be missed very much! Thank you both! Second to none!
Thank you
thank you, Joe
Thank you, Joe.
I just love you 
come back in 2020. plz
going to miss you, Joe. Thank you for the past 8 years and the life you've dedicated to public service. You are a great man.
@kevinjallen thank you Joe
thank you for your amazing service 
great job, thank you!
thanks Joe ,,I appreciate your service and how you got there and the paths you took,and the people you stood beside...
lol.
はい。
tremendous job we will miss you greatly
so uh were those jobs paid for by taxpayers money?
We will miss you
thank you for your service to our Country and world you all did a great job and will be missed!
Thank you VP Biden for your gracious leadership and extraordinary service to our country!
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE!!!  Bolt the doors of the @WhiteHouse!! Your family and the @POTUS & @FLOTUS need to keep fixing our world.
and 8 years riding the tailcoat of someone else.
my hats off to you. God Bless.
Thank you
and we loved you
and 10 TRILLION more in debt lol
Thank you for 8 great years. You will be missed. God bless!
and what about all the people who lost jobs or stopped seeking work. Or all the people who lost insurance or can't afford it now.
Were going to miss you!
it's amazing how trump are for religious beliefs did he find God,? Ha ha
and now?  We're all scared to death.
brb crying
Thank you VP Biden for your service!
miss you already.
We'll miss you, Joe.
@coachbillcurry Appreciate your service,but the % of working age folks in workplace is lowest since WWII; debt doubled; lost my doctor
I'm so sad right now
well-done
