Also most trans people are fully transitioned *or* not pursuing medical treatment while serving, so "medical issues" are a pretext.
Where is your proof of this?
http://tinyurl.com/y76m7qxr  12,800 members, only 200 seeking care yearly.
They are women will want to shower with women correct? Is that fair to the women forced to shower with these men/women?
Make Co ed battalions for those who want. But of course what's fair to trans folk is irrelevant to you. Empathy is actually kinda nice...
I'm curious... Do you take hormones? What happens to you physically and emotionally if you stop talking them?
LOL I'm not transgender.
Furthermore, it seems odd that you'd care so much about a tiny group of people who haven't been causing an issue. Soooo yeah. Bye :)
I GUESS THAT'S Y U'RE SUCH A BIG SUPPORTER OF THE JIHADIST LINDA SARSOUR. U'RE ANTI ISRAEL &ANTISEMITIC
HOW DOES @SenSchumer FEEL ABOUT THIS
Have you ever talked to our troops? I don't think so.
Please talk about the fact that for many trans people it is also their only road to a better, more stable life. It's going unmentioned.
And the fact that many Democrats are pointing out the fact that it weakens the military first instead of this is hurting perception of them
I think they care about the military and it's ppl,their way of saying everyone who service are a part of the big picture not just a (them)
Whatever the intention, I've seen many trans people and allies bothered by this. It needs to be mentioned as well.
There are already 3 bullet points, it wouldn't be hard to add "- destroys trans people's lives"
u emotionally call it cruel-he logically calls it a necessity - hhhhmmm-best way to make logical decisions? his way
-saves billions
-saves lives
-strengthens moral
The Social experiment is over  TY @POTUS
You are full of nonsense. We should not be paying for theirs sex change operations.
Did you ever serve in the military?

You Democrats have so many reasons to impeach this man.  The most important one is the security and future of this nation.
Are you out of your mind, impeach that's what the deep state wants.not happening we will end this devilish http://plan.you 
"Deep State"  Get your sanity, and stop listening to Hannity
Encourages racism, homophobia, nationalism.. embracing irrational fears and ignorant bias..
It's an insult coming from some  poop draft dodging maniac.I'm surprised he haven't kick a  by now
it seems the 35% of trump supporters are the loudest to support ban.But we know the Majority of Americans 65% support DIVERSITY @SALPolitica
You support telling soldiers and vets they are wrong, and have no rights.
Cruel is putting my 18 year old son in a fox
Hole with a 200lb dude junk
Removed on hormones.
Steroids are ban but these
Drugs are not?? WTF
It's not effective though, correct? The Pentagon is ignoring it and I think it will just fade into oblivion.
Putting a keyboard in your hands is much the same.
Because keyboards kill people?

you want Gen Mattis, who you voted against because you oppose military control of the military, to disobey orders of the executive branch?
how does it harm our national defense & weaken the military? what was the status before 2016. when will you politicians be held accountable?
How exactly?
TransTweed was a deflection from the most riveting Sen testimony since Watergate. Trump doesn't care if Trans serve.
??  cruel??  I haven't heard of that one. What about discrimination against fat people, thin people, flat footed people?
Y'know who I don't see sharing this opinion? Literally anyone in the military.
Because having mentally ill people who have high suicide rates will make our military strong? Are u insane?
Haven't see promoting for them to join ny national Guard.  Than ny can pay for their surgery
Obamas puppet in Washington brain damage
Funny it wasn't ok'd until what the last seconds of Obama's administration??? Why not the 7.75 years prior????
http://ijr.com/the-declaration/2017/06/900582-transgender-sensitivity-training-becomes-mandatory-army-delta-force-operator-issues-reality-check/ …

Try again, cow.
How about a serious conversation about it instead of insults? What are the positives of having transgender ppl in military?
I don't understand how you can honestly believe that. People like you need to step down.
The trans population is much more likely to attempt suicide. It's cruel to put fragile people in stressful jobs.
Keep up the good work Senator. You are our Star
And disregards service by Brave men and women!
HOW do you know, you ever served, if not shut up
What do YOU know abt the military. I was THERE, for 20 years defending your skinny ass
Just showing how little she knows about the subject.
So it's okay for someone to join the military to use the VA benefit to become a transgender you're fired
The military has been shutting down the mentally ill forever, what's the difference?
Put yourself in female boot camp. Would you like to shower next to a guy who claims to be a female? Focus on real issues!

Not Trumps ban. Removed another Obama mistake.
Also, fiat via tweet. #Unacceptable
With all the #Threats #Trump is throwing out he is being #abusive to #USA #Leadership and #Resistence need to push back harder against Trump
#SenatorGillbrand you are right but you are do not sound that upset. More fire in gut needed against #Trump Push back harder Trump #abusive
Disintegrating
How? Explain your thoughts
Nope.
Not allowing mentally ill people to serve in the military 'weakens our military?'
