Now people need to use their voices at the voting booth and we won't have problems like trump ever again.
Ha, you have balls online but I would bet good money your a bitch in real life. Name one thing your king has done FOR this country.
Don't need to worry about it President Trump is going to fix it  with Rand Paul plan.
My voice is saying that our health care system is in trouble. Instead of blocking everything, sit down and negotiate a fix the it
Great job! Now Trump is tearing it apart by starving it He's making it bad. Turning it into what they say it is now we need Medicare for all
Obamacare wouldn't exhist if democrats didn't exempt congress from law congress shouldnt be exempt from any laws
Who's going to keep paying for all this?  Are you and Sanders?
Please get him out !  Enough already. He's an embarrassment. Focus.  Don't just object. Focus and lead the dems.
Outstanding. Keep riding the ACA down the drain until there is nothing. Great job Senator.
Just remember who to send the letters to when Obama care implodes.
Thank you for putting people over politics. I NEED my health care. You are so appreciated.
And here you are, fine keeping a disastrous program for political reasons. Your office never responds when I express how ACA impacts me.
Now, if you want the GOP to never come after your health care it's very simple: STOP. VOTING. FOR. THEM.
They bet mental exhaustion will work.
Bs
Yeah? What are they going to do about a piece of shit like roy moore?
Thank YOU! For staying strong!!
We fought hard and I don't even include what you didn't hear or see exhausted but it was worth it
Please never underestimate that Senate GOP won't try it again. Please be proactive.
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand for all you do for us the people of this beloved country. Your efforts do NOT go unnoticed
I have been an activist in this issue  before the ACA came into being and will never give up until we have  one payer health care system
The biggest fallacy of American healthcare is that your health and well-being is put first..Instead of$$$
So true.' Govt by the people
Our voices are telling you we want $15 an hour minimum wage? They're telling you we want tuition free college? Our voices have been telling you many things, but you've yet to listen, b/c Corp donor cash.
Don't need it. It is not a right. Kill all them healthcare bills till you realize that a free market will fix it all
Your so VERY wrong.
Let's hope they do!!!!!
Thx for your leadership Sen.
Great! So now we're on the road for 4 whole paycheck days going to taxes instead of 2!!
Keep fighting! Thank you for your invaluable contributions to our public discourse.
What now????  Arizona ?????? Please do something positive for the American people.
GILLIBRAND for PRESIDENT 2020!!!
PR next. Call Congress 202 224 3121 and WH 202 456 1111 urge for immediate action. Planes should be airlifting ppl out of the airport today.
Please Sen. Gillibrand. do not let our property tax deduction and mortgage interest deduction be wiped out! !! People need this! !!!!!
#RegisterToVote2018
Wrong it was three renegades that stopped it not the calls, tweets and letters you claimed. When will you work for all Americans?
They had zero to do with stopping the healthcare vote. As usual you love to see & hear yourself in print and the press never making sense.
No ty. Now we won't be able to afford coverage next year!

The fact that #dotardsupporters would literally sink in a boat with a hole with him and refuse to believe a hole was ever there is stunning
Thank you for your tireless work for justice. Please keep it up, Senator.
I feel that this latest show of the people's will has empowered and reignited the belief that this is OUR government. Let's keep moving!
There's still plenty of convincing to do, but we're on the right path. We can't effect change silently
no dingbat. it had nothing to do with that. you people don't do anything the people want. the bill didn't pass because republicans are awful
United we Stand, Divided we fall #Resist
Now how about using your voice to help 1700 IBEW local 3 workers on strike in NYC since 3-28-16 against Charter/Spectrum families starving!!
Hate to disappoint you, but it was McCain's disdain for Trump, and the threat from Schumer to all D's to vote party lines or lose funds.
Thank YOU!
For now. This isn't over. The GOP will try again, and it will be ruthless, and underhanded. Be prepared...

The fat lady is still in break.
Hahaha Don't lie to these people. They did nothing. If calls and emails helped...why do we have @realDonaldTrump ?? Hahahaha
Or the power of your vote!
Trump is still not giving up. He tweeted about it again this morning. Don't let off the pressure against TrumpCare.
Fortunate to live in a state where both my senators know to do the right thing. Up next #ImpeachTrump !

The truth is that the Dem legislators were ordered to vote party lines or DNC would pull funding at next election.  What a sham.
Thank you for standing up against this Senator
This morning DJT is threatening passage. Does he do this to terrorize us?
I think you deserve some credit too! Thank you for everything you and your excellent staff do, everyday.
Dems are happy with the status quo while families suffer under OBC; you can keep ur DR, and  plan. Meantime, you continue to endorse the lie
Kris you are completely tone deaf to millions of hard working families in NY on this issue.  #RepealObamacare
Thank you Senator Gillibrand for your constant & diligent fight for US
Thanks for listening 
Penis
We don't underestimate the power of our voices, and votes. That's how we elected President Donald J Trump. #Obamacare will be repealed.

Thanks for your work
Well, that and the fact that the bill was crap had a little to do with it...
Thank you for having our backs. We have yours too.
Thank YOU, Senator. You're a fantastic leader and you make me proud to be a New Yorker!
So now my poor parents will have to continue with the nightmare that is their insurance premiumsThousands of $ they could be using to travel
Thank YOU
Thank you.
The consciences and responsibility of four Republican senators also helped the power of my voice. Thank them also.
Do you want calls even when we agree? Is that useful?
@lisamurkowski never said no. They could try again before 9/30. NO NOT TRUST THEM.

Thank you @SenGillibrand
Thank you
Thank you for once again weakening this Country and pushing your own agenda
The agenda of compassion and humanity?
We need the senate to work on solutions not take a us vs them approach
Repeal the eval Obamacare , it is failing the the US people. You are unable to see that then we should vote you out
Now let's use our voices to help Puerto Rico they need help immediately people are dying
No they didn't Susan Collins and John McCain did
Sadly, they will do it again and again, wasting time and resources.
YESSSSSSSSSSSS GREAT NEWS!!!!
This is exhausting
Thank you
Your office could not be more empathetic & kind on daily calls to speak up for #cysticfibrosis families in NY and across country #cfadvocacy
I appreciate you so much, Senator Gillibrand. Thank you for dedicating your days to improving all our lives.
Thanks for all u are doing
Thank you for all of your efforts.
Never underestimate the power of your lies
Please also thank your staff for all they do to help us support you, and vice versa.   They are awesome!!
Pls cont. to fight for #SinglePayer. Jumping the gap from no/low income to affordable premiums was NOT solved by the ACA.
We appreciate you!!
It's not over until October.
Please start passing some low hanging fruit on healthcare asap. GOP are never going to stop if we don't get stuff passed. #bipartisanship
If what we have is not working and what we currently have proposed will not work, then.......get off your duffs and give us a workable plan
Never underestimate the power you have given back to the people; speaking for us; working for us. We are grateful.
Yes.....thanks for nothing. Thanks for sitting around and not getting us a decent healthcare plan for our country. Way-to-go.
Thanks for allowing us to keep the horrible system we now have......one nurses view.
When will you speak up for thousands of women who are decimated by the ACA?
And now to block the House vote for 20 week abortion ban coming next Tuesday....keep calling
Thanks to you and the Senators who stood up! And thanks @Lin_Manuel for the perfect hook for this victory. "You don't have the votes!" 
Yes!!!
Does money drive you
And I thank you, but, how many times do we have to use it to save ourselves from our democracy going down the tube?
Every damn day w these monsters in the majority in every branch...
Now @SenGillibrand we are counting on you and your colleagues to get of your butts and fix the disaster that is Obamacare!!!!!!!
gilli y re  traitor to  new  york &  the NYERS   JEWS   HOPE  WILL DE NOUNCE YOU & RECAL YOU  RECAUSE Y ARE  TRAITOR AND COWARD LIKE MCCAIN
Now please call out Trump to waive the Jones Act for Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico is in need. can you use your LOUD voice to help them? That is what we are doing now. Please help if you can. Thank you. ;)
#TheResistance is winning!
And thank you.
Thank you for everything you did to stop this!
Please make sure your staff knows how much I appreciated how kind they were when I called every day, panicked about my health care.
Thank you!
Sorry Senator, but both Warren and Harris are pandering harder, if you want in the 2020 mix, you need to step up your game.
Ha
Thank you!
I'm not stopping, because I don't believe McConnell is stopping. I don't trust Republicans. They lie. Bigly.
Yea but still costing me out the ASS
No no no, thank you.
Ok so now can we impeach this disgrace if a president?#impeachTrumpnow
Thank you but we shouldn't have to go through this every 2 months. We've got to take back the house and Senate. This is, ridiculous. VOTE!
Our voices would like to impeach Trump
Thank you Senator. Now can we take #singlepayer seriously? You'll be saving millions of lives and giving hc to people who  cant afford it.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR RELENTLESS SUPPORT OF AMERICAN FAMILIES AND OUR HEALTHCARE. WE WILL NOT FORGET!
Thank YOU, Senator.
Thank you
And we should never underestimate the power of our kick-ass Democratic Senators. Thank you!
And faxes
You are welcome. We will be there the next time, and the time after that until the head of the snake is finally crushed.
That'll be next Tuesday when House tried to shove through abortion ban
Will try*
And thank YOU!!
Thank you, Sen. Gillibrand for your leadership, ethical honesty, dedication to your constituents &, just for me, your wonderful vocabulary.
Thank you for your resolve
Bullshit, the Republican traders stopped it.
...even though none of them had a damn thing to do with it. Just didn't have the votes to pass...so didn't vote.
The gop won't pull some last-minute vote at midnight Friday, right?

Another victory for an engaged public.
Fools! More cost for less care.  On demise of unaffordable care act in next fiscal year, what job will u be seeking and will u have COBRA?
Shameful. The ACA is imploding. You pay for health insurance and can’t use it - disgraceful. Shame on the democrats.
I'm sure all these low information people don't have Obama care. If they did, theyd sing a different tune
What happens when the zombie bill re-animates?
We go after it until it is finally, irrevocably dead.
Thank You! For being a Compassionate Representative of what's Best about America
Thank you!
Thank you for being a spearhead for principled resistance.

If that were true the orange disgrace wouldn't even be in office n 2 he'd be gone by now!!!
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
Thank you too!
Thank you for your dedication!
You are welcome.
Thank you for all your efforts to save health care, Senator !
Like republicans, she's not dedicated to anyone but her donors.  Wake up already!
At least her donors have the best interests of Americans in mind unlike the crooked GOP....you wake up.
