We have a doodle puppy, and she is the happiest little friend we have!!! You're going to love having Maple in your family!

This is my doodle Maisy I just got her two weeks ago
Welcome to the best club.

Your dog hates your libfascist politics and digs Trump's outsider message. #caring
You're triggered by a picture of a dog?
Are you triggered by my #Resistance?
You're not very good at this
Beautiful baby! I'm sure Maple will fit right in and add great love and joy to the Gillibrand  family.
I hope Maple brings you the happiness that our Tempie (Temperance Brennan) brings us! Incredible babies! And I agree,the hedgies don't last
Best thing about pets is they don't know politics.  Only love.
congratulations
Did you teach her the ef word yet?
All dogs are democrats. They cant take care of themselves and want everything handed to them at another's expense.
Beautiful!
No reputable breeder deliberately breeds mutts. 2/2
Adorable! There R polls out asking who we'd like for prez in 2020.  YOU would be great!
Aww! That was so nice of you to rescue a dog!
She has not said the dog was rescued.
Thank you for informing me for her.
Congratulations, may we suggest a new collar? http://www.notreatfortrump.com  #trumptakeawalk
Ha, rescue! Not a chance. For the same reason senators won't be getting the same mediocre, subpar health ins. they eventually agree on 4 us.
Perfect name.
She is adorable! Sen. u may like this amazing brilliant vet  follow @drkarenbecker she is motivated by love & science NOT $
Cute pup. But... You've just lost my respect/support, for buying a deliberately-bred mutt. No such breed as a Labradoodle, and 1/2
Welcome Maple!! Take good care of your Mommy - she has to save us all. #gillibrand2020
SENATOR SHE'S CUTE ;DOG'S HAVE PROTECTED ME ;ESPECIALLY 26 YEARS AGO IN SICILY ;WHEN THE MAFIA TRIED TO KILL ME ;THEY ARE MANS BEST FREIND!
Maple is perfect!!! If you need pet health insurance, try @Trupanion! Much easier to use than most human health insurance.
agree, they were gr8t to my 14 yr old #goldenretriever & now my new golden rescue from Turkey.
so cute
Maple looks like the PERFECT White House dog.
Adorable!!!!
Chloe, our doodle!
Adorable
Rescue? If not, why not?
I'm thankful that we have elected leaders that included animals into their families.
I love your dog but today I write to express my concern about the new health bill I want you to vote   no .
Welcome Maple!
Therapy dog! My bloodpressure went down looking at that face!
Congratulations on your new fur Child! She's beautiful!
Gorgeous!!!
Rescued? Hope so
that hedgehog in the crate looks very familiar. can't count how many my pups have gone through over the years.

also, maple is a right cutie
Cutie
Nice job! I recently rehabbed one for our rescue. God, I wanted to keep her! All adopted, and no more puppies for my sweet Fiona!
Lovely. Bon jour, Maple.
Adorable. But seems not to be a rescued pup. That would have set an awesome example for other would-be dog parents.
i hope it was a rescue
Congrats on the furbaby.  Years of love and cuddles ahead.
what a beauty!  Love my doodle!!! The happiest, smartest dogs.
How sweet:) lucky dog,lucky you:)
Congratulations!
Yay!
My Sadie!
Doodle!
How cute!
Lovely.
When are you planning to rescue an innocent 
Child about to be murdered at planned parenthood?
@emmmyparris
 such a cutie

Absolutely precious!
Cutie!
What, Margaret Sanger was already taken
*squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee* SHE IS SO FLUFFY AM GOING TO DIIIIIIE!!!!
Enjoy your adorable new furry family member.
This looks somewhat like the Golden Doodle that we had - he was the best dog!!
@BlakeKolesa new favorite White House dog?
Congrats Senator!!!
A cockapoo
So cute!! Congrats!
Maple!! Can you say #MedicareForAll?
Welcome, Maple. We wish you many years of happy life with your new human family.
Am I the only one that things Maple looks like she could be a #dogofthepod? @jonfavs @jonlovett @ebfavs
Congratulations!  She's adorable.  & 
And what Ms. GillyBrand are you doing to save the mass extinction of animals going on around world today? What's that? Oh your dog is safe!
I want to cuddle it!!!
A doodle!!!!  Best Dogs Ever!!
And the BEST member. Pet that baby.
Ooh I hope Maple will be hanging out in your office in Russell! That face could brighten any Hill meeting!! 
So cute!!
@LaurenWaksman
Cute! @joanwalsh Sadie should meet Maple, yes?!
yes!
Pooky!

Goldendoodle?
Great name
Going for the Cutest Dog on Capitol Hill title? 
Cutie!  Love the name 
Oh, what a beauty. What race is (s)he, Senator?
What a sweetie. Congratulations
Maple!  Barney also had a hedgehog (spoiler: Hedgie was not long for this world).
Doodlelove!! Congrats.
Finally! Some good news! How do I change my feed so it's only cute and funny animal pics and videos and @ObamaPlusKids?
Precious!
please run for POTUS
Hi Maple! Such a sweet face!
Perfect for the dog of Junior Senator from NY, home of marvelous maple syrup! @ColeenParatore #RoarLikeaGirl #Colleen4Council #EnjoyTroy
Hello, Maple! May you reduce stress. :)
Memphis approves and is happy your his senator. He celebrated this morning with a mud facial.
Good luck!
Labradoo? Goldendoo? Will be the sweetest dog you'll ever have. They are lovely.
Aren't you lucky!
Aww
Love your fierce devotion to good in govt. But if Maple isn't a rescue I take issue.
You purists are so irritating? Who are you to 'take issue' with someone else's dog decisions. Please. Get a grip! Lovely dog. BLESSINGS.
First guest for Leo and Pundit's Pup Save America? @jonfavs @jonlovett
Golden doodles are wonderful dogs.  Hope she was a rescue!
Hi  Maple!
Great name- may you have many joy filled years!
Congrats!!!!!
Adorable!!
Awww
Pretty fluffy!
"Gilibrand family?" A dog? Can only come from someone who is willing to kill unborn children and who pictures herself with Linda Sarsour
I hope he/she is a rescue.
I sure hope so too.
Penn Station a wreck, MTA delays, the Country beset by woes, so happy you now have Maple, enjoy!
Hi Maple!
Nice dog... but HATE crates!!!!!
is Maple non-allergenic?
Java says welcome maple
Awwww. All the fluffy cuteness

Such a cutie! Enjoy! 
So cute!
Very nice, this is my Maple (she plans to vote for you).
@TweetsByLuke omg omg what
I have one and love her -enjoy
Hi Maple!
Awww so cute  contrats! 
@aelizabethclark ahhh he looks just like Ollie!
Such a pretty pup!  Hello, Maple - you've gotten a wonderful family for your forever home.  :)
@Olivianuzzi
She is beautiful enjoy
So sweet!
Enjoy that sweetheart!  That face!  Maple looks a little like my Molly
Congrats!! He's adorable!
Sooo cute!  Can't wait to get my mini goldendoodle in early August.
Big paws!  Good for jumping up.  Uh oh.
so cute!! Enjoy all that love.
Be still my heart! She looks like our Sadie and Murphy - two Goldendoodles! Enjoy!
The sweetest!!!!!
Very cute!
What a lovely fluffer-nutter.  Enjoy!
Dog , Time in Senate , Demonstrated real give a crap , Running mate?.... @TheRock
Hello :)
#bork !
Aw, what a beautiful puppy. Enjoy Maple!
Lovely. Congrats.
AHHH what is she???
Very cute, but a poor choice of breed to defend your family in the post apocalyptic wasteland that our gov. Can't seem to usher in fast enuf
Awe what a beauty
Adorable. Lots of luck!
#Maple is a great name!  Thank you for choosing to name your sweet dog after such a special #Vermont treat!
What a beauty. Congratulations on the new addition.
congratulations!
And Maple has one of my fav dog toys... hedgehog! Maple is a perfect name. Congrats.
Wishing the Gillibrand family and new member Maple a long happy life together! Beautiful puppy!

Dogs LOVE those hedgehogs!
Congrats on your new addition, simply adorable
She is simply adorable. And she has a hedgehog, which speaks well of her. :)
Adorable! Nothing like a new puppy!! Enjoy!
So cute and so perfectly groomed. This a dog to cuddle and love. Nice one Kirsten.
Maple is adorable.
How adorable?
Totes.
Totes adorbs I say!
So cute. I hope she doesnt support SOPA
Congratulations!
Delicious!!

Ha. Gorgeous.
Kirsten that is my dog's name, this must be amended at once
Congratulations on your new family member! Cute pup!
hi cutie 
rescue?
Awww
Lucky dog!
Is she a doodle?! So perfect 
Pupper 
Congratulations! They are some of the best people I know.
