All presidential candidates must release taxes & financial info. Keep Roe v. Wade safe, rules 2 keep church & state separate.
dt still tap dancing around release of his TAX RETURNS-thats unacceptable. We,The People, need to see TAXES!
Agreed. We need to make it mandatory part of becoming president. DJT proves we can't count on honor of tradition.
#dutyhonorCountry
I'm concerned about Trump's "law & order" promise. Will fall most violently on people of color.
how about following the constitution and have the Congress make the laws and stop the executive orders. Make Laws 4 everyone
. @SenGillibrand Nationwide concealed carry is insane. Attacks on New Deal, Medicare safety net. I am counting on you & @SenSchumer
Tax churches that get involved in politics. We don't need a Christian taliban governing & limiting freedoms. Slippery slope.
1st thanks for asking. Working towards campaign finance reform & cutting dark money, nationalized uniform voting systems.
Taking back our country from the wealthy and creating an actual middle class.
We in NY State hate Zinke, Puzder, Tillerson, Mnuchin, Perry, DeVos, Pruitt, Sessions, & Price. Fight their confirmations!
Hope you and @SenSchumer fight back on Ethics cuts and the nominees!!
ethics issue was in the House not senate
yup, but I think they probably care what their constituents think so I added it to conf. issue
What motivates me? Keeping profiteers' greedy hands off taxpayer $ intended for true public community schools, NOT charters.
with the small exception that charters work and are better for kids
Read this on charters: http://wapo.st/2ir0xf4  They are way out of control.
. I support charter every year here in NYC. I see the + outcomes. We need innovation in edu.
I see + outcomes in many public community schools--but not if their money is siphoned off.
gun violence/control & police brutality are my top priorities. I have others but those two are most important at this moment.
Same issue that inspired 21k Delphi retirees in '09! Our damn pensions! Oh, & by the way, with no help from #SenGillibrand
Lower Veterans Un-Employment & Ending Veterans Homelessness in NYS http://www.completethemissionproject.org 
we must not feel dejected and use that energy &frustration to fuel our passion for equality and decency
The environment, animal & human rights, affordable health care, minimizing the damage Trump admin is likely to cause.
Pretty motivated to maintain in independent Office of Congressional Ethics right now.
woman's rights
right now I'm just worried about affordable health care. Also the future of Medicare and Social Security, & women's rights.
Police accountability. Improved community relations only goes so far without it.
again thank you for reaching out - we need Obamacare & protect Women's rights, Immigrants, Medicare, restore the oce.
Thank you @SenGillibrand -too long a list: block all Trump appointees, investigate Trump's Russian ties and Trump's conflict of interest
human rights for incarcerated folk- sexual violence is rampant but is rarely talked about
Police accountability. W/great power, great responsibility. Law enforcement needs to show that they are not above the law.
Proportional electoral vote in all states & progressive ballots, funding for audits & recounts, keep funding 4 SS & education
The issue of student loan interest which Congress has done nothing about. I will not stop until it is lowered.
I want to make difference to @KayBurley sex life.
Healthcare! I am a pediatrician. If you need support on health issues contact me!!!!
For today: gutting the ethics office & banning live streaming. WTF, GOP? Do you like secrecy & corruption? What a betrayal.
I'm from NY and u can start by telling Ryan that if they cut ours we want no benefits for gov employees past or present
I always give and am active in @Kiva @housingworks and @thistlefarms
and @FoundSchoolsMD
Of course many other concerns as well. Thank you for taking a stand in the resistance & I expect you to stay strong.
education
support for child welfare and foster care agencies and staff. Mental health reform. LGBTQ rights. Human rights.
@Honey17011 First,I am interested in not getting nuked.Then, maybe preventing the destruction of democracy as we know it.
easier access to guns for law abiding citizens @NYCCouncil licensing requirements prohibitive
@lifesafeast  hiii
Concerned re Russian election meddling & ties 2 Trump, his taxes, conflicts & refusal 2 divest, racism & fitness #Trumpleaks
1. keeping Trump in check. 2. Refere to #1
Block and obstruct Trump appointees. Preserve the Constitution. Investigate Russian interference. Force trump to reveal COIs.
I will work to ensure due process is guaranteed to ALL students. Will you?
Preserving every single step forward that's been made in 30yrs from an UNQUALIFIED manchild POTUS & his handlers. Too broad?
@Honey17011 THE ONLY ISSUE: Russia & the GOP have cheated 2 elect HITLER VERSION 2. Is THAT serious enough 4 U??
Saving ACA, Saving Medicare, Saving Soc Security, Saving democracy.
HUNGRY KIDS.
healthcare
let's end gerrymandering
Funding for school libraries' contributions to literacy under ESSA LEARN and IAL grants.  #schoollibraries #makeadifference
The main issue: resist Trump's agenda attacking immigrants, women, civil rights, and our environment
civil liberties, improving ACA, women's reproductive rights, climate, voting rights, gun control. Impeaching Trump. Humanity.
Overthrowing 'our' president-elect should be top of everyone's list. #nevermypresident
Get rid of Common Core. States should be in charge of their own education choices.
When you look at trumps actions always follow the money, to understand the motive behand his action.
President Donald J. Trump. Preventing his destroying our democracy is all that matters. It will b full time job.
trying to resist destruction of democracy,subjugation of women, minorities & poor & trying to push Dem leaders to FIGHT BACK
make the Congress #Blue in #2018
save health care!  Fix Obama care, but do NOT allow it to be revoked - please!
the ACA must not be dismantled with no replacement in sight.
Not dismantling ACA, Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid, women's rights. Now fight with us. @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
#Trump hate speech and divisive politics have inspired me to call out and fight hateful words and actions everywhere
The repeal of the ACA, privatization of Medicare, & the gutting of Medicaid & PP. We must fight tooth and nail!
 environmental protection - Without a healthy environment everything is at risk!
overwriting every Obama executive order and repealing that Crap Obamacare law
Civil rights, LGBT rights, healthcare & the importance of spreading factual, truthful information #FactsMatter
building a food system that promotes sustainability, social justice, and public health
#DonaldTrump 'Pay for Play' in Full Swing as Administration Greets #NewYear - http://go.shr.lc/2j0PmuL 
Vote for Garland tomorrow! Impeach Trump - Dems must demand accountability!
starting training next week to be a CASA volunteer to advocate for children
Free speech, government transparency and accountability, equal rights.
The new president being treated better by the the elected lawmakers!
UN mocks peace & human rights. Couldn't even vote for cease fire in Syria. Human Rts Council worst abusers. Make a difference
the environment, equality for women and minorities, access to quality public education and health care, reasonable gun laws.
@John_Sevigny All social programs, Voting Rights, #ACA, #SNAP, Medicare #Medaide #Social Security, EPA issues
I'm in
equality for ALL and the environment are the big issues for me.
.@SenGillibrand How about world-class healthcare and education available to everyone in the U.S.?  That would make America great.
Fairness for Veterans. All veterans eligable under chapter 61 or less than 20 yrs recieve thier retirment pay they earned.
Introduce S.271 and give back to the Disabled Veterans the money they eaarned. They have to pay for thier own disability. 
Stop climate change by stopping big oil. Tax carbon fuels. Decommission pipelines. Subsidize solar and wind instead of oil.
We must ratify the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
What else? The presidential election. I expect my NY Senators to lead the way in ensuring we remain a democracy.
@Will_Call49 There should be only one issue; how to protect the Nation from Trump's narcissism and ignorance!
Tax reform. Specifically, simplify the tax code. It is currently absurd.
voting rights and gerrymandering
ACA, Medicare, health care for those who need it.
Safeguarding healthcare and environmental protection.
what about never hearing the words homeless veteran again
opposing fear based subjugation, working for food sovereignty and cooperative systems that offer equity to all.
Hitler in the White House.
protect the environment. It's the only planet we've got
Women's rights, civil rights, education & spreading kindness in small & large ways despite hate often swirling around us all!
Protecting Bank Accounts from being frozen.  When did putting money in banks terminology change to giving all our money away?
Civil rights, the environment, and freedom of speach
I want to see the ERA passed! Thanks for the efforts you've consistently put into protecting women's constitutional rights, @SenGillibrand
The 2016 Presidential Election. That's the issue inspiring me to speak out.
.@SenGillibrand as a NYer I worry most about the freedoms we enjoy in our great state what the new admin will do to limit them. #Resist
Election of Trump and his extremist cabinet picks!
Early childhood education! Without an #evenstart We sentence generations to poverty and pain #desegregate preschool #NAEYC
Why don't you pledge to support Berniecrats so maybe you can stop losing? Oh I forgot you're addicted to donor cash.
I did I voted Trump
Our school must have 4x's yrly lockdown drills since Newtown. Scary, but necessary. I will stand up for sensible gun control.
The biggest issue facing me & America is Making America Great Again despite #Democrat obstructionists.
Voter suppression, LGBTQ rights, candidate transparency.
Civil Rights, Women's Rights, LGBTQ rights.
Yes, include public- but the ? is, as our elected, what are YOU doing to investigate DJT/Russia & uphold human rights?
•Gun control
•fixing our public education system
•equal pay
•LGBTQ rights
•women’s right to choose
•Net Neutrality
Global Climate Change, Anti-Fascism, Econ/Race/Gender Inequal, H20, Education, HealthCare4All, End Clintonism. #StillSanders
You running for 2020 President! Will work hard to elect you! and save our Country 
We need you to lead the charge Senator! Teach your fellow Dems to stand firm!
Preserving Obamacare. New energy initiatives. Strength on cyber hacking preventions and sanctions.
Trump's kleptocracy
.@SenGillibrand DJT, GOPers will challenge us but equal rights & pay for women, saving social security, medicare top my list #amjoy #maddow
https://www.change.org/p/make-partisan-gerrymandering-illegal …
I concur

Let's Start with PREVENTING THERMO-NUCLEAR WAR.! 
We can go from there..    @CIA @DeptofDefense


as a New Yorker and a Democrat I expect you to be be a strong voice of #resistance to Trump and his agenda #wearewatching
I agree a thousand percent!!

Dems need to learn from the mistakes of past election. Help the people hurting in Red States. This has 2 start NOW not 2019
Trump kleptocracy, conflicts, civil and voting rights, press freedom, preservation of democratic norms and institutions.
Government corruption in New York, sounds like the best thing that could be done for taxpayers, unless your part of it?
Getting rid of all Republicans who support the racist dictator that is me
Minorities like black & brown, Hispanic, LGBT, along with Women's rights. We've come too far to turn back now Gillibrand 2020
Fighting prejudices/trump
Asserting state rights esp climate
Sheltering DACA youth
Amending the Constitution EC Tax release
@AlanDersh Promises, Promises, Dershowitz
http://ln.is/www.foxbusiness.com/FTp9d …
blocking Trumps appointments, impeaching Trump, blocking repeal of ACA, HELP THE RUST BELT WHO WERE CONNED BY TRUMP!
Also, about 50 other progressive ways of running the country. Think Sweden, Norway, Finland.
The misogyny of incoming admin; SA, DV; repro healthcare, end Hyde... such a long list.
Campaign Finance Reform - 100 percent publicly funded elections
Senator, please fight to keep the ACA
Defeating Liberals. @SenGillibrand
Voting Rights, Senior Health Cate Services, and Early Childhood Education. HNY Senator!
ACA protection, ss, medicare, supporting a diverse society
expose Trump for the traitor he is,look into the Russian connection, read @funder,fight, don't play dead!


SS, Medicare, Health Insurance, our civil rights, impeaching Trump
