This isn't about controlling access to health care, they could care less about that. It IS about trying to control women's sexual behavior.
Really? And you are some kind of expert on a that! How do you know? Are you a sexpert?
You focus on what you fear.
A lot of fear in that response. Thank you for proving my point.
Access to basic women's healthcare is not in jeopardy. Why do you choose to lie? Are you trying to catch up to Chuckie's lies?
@SheWhoVotes 
@GOP using Trump diversion as smokescreen to accomplish agenda.
An agenda I have yet to understand

I don't understand Republican mentality. The need to control is disturbing!
The good old boys, want to keep women down and dependent on them.  If you control women you control the reproduction of the world.!!!
I'm at a loss...so not wanting to fund an ABORTION BUSINESS with tax payers $$ is wanting to keep health services from women?? How is that?
I hope your conscience keeps you awake at night.
Grrr! Stop them please
The great ACA handles all the healthcare you need, Affordable, affordable, affordable. Right?
We are not against women's health at all.  Abortions should be a state issue not Federal. Feds should not be so deep in our pocket!
With so much at stake we can't understand why you are so clueless
We just don't to be forced into paying for your health care.  I don't want you do, so long as you are murdering babies or spending my money.
Because they can. It's all about control.
No disrespect intended but-with so much at stake here, why is thestill in the WH?Please push harder 2 get him out b4 he gets us all killed
are Democrats concerned about Female Genital Mutiliation happening in Detroit Michigan?
-one might ask with so much at stake, why are democrats focused on getting men into the ladies room?
Bigger story... did u vote to support the Gorsuch nomination.. a seat that was stollen by the GOP??
Reading through the replies. We do  have differences. But Republicans do not hate women. ThaT is just bad. Chatter.
Absolutely. They all have wives, mothers, daughters - such a disconnect
It's a bunch of men afraid of women having their own minds
Keeping women as second class cotizens, we will come out in droves
Dems are controlling=creating welfare state! NO FED TAX FOR PP, HEALTHCARE! Let each state take care of it's own. NOT WITH MY TAX $$
Do you know how much federal (taxpayer) money is spent on ED drugs & penis pumps? If they deny access to women, we should return the favor.
Saw this sign: If pregnancy is Gods Will, then so is a Limp Dick.
Because they Hate women! They are threatened by women they all have mommy issues and most likely are closet gay guys!
Gay men are attracted to men. They aren't afraid of nor hate women. #getitright
Not meant derog,Gay men who live their TRUTH aren't women haters/not intmdtd but those who live a LIE usually do,& are. Hve gay family/frnd
Thanks. I get it. Let's all work to get the hate-filled politicians out of there ! 
I agree. Sometimes hard to express thoughts precisely in only a few words. Thanks for reply back.
You are so full of BS. What healthcare are they trying to control? I would love to debate you publicly on this issue.
They are beholden to the Christian right. Puritanical laws to suppress others.
Is it possible, Senator, that this is just a thing Trump do to make people look away from other things he does?
@SenateDems Get over yourself. No services are trimmed except abortion. Millions of us support this. U have a fight coming
@SenateDems u only are trying to protect abortion. I'm an RN who works with a women's health ctr. All but abortion service.
Which I also pay for as well with outragious prices of private insurance premiums!!!
If you want to use murder as birth control thats your choice and you pay the price.  Obamacare covers basic health issues!!!
Birth control isn't covered - I agree abortions shouldn't be covered even though I'm pro choice
Not controling womens basic health care, that is up too individual.Controlling where my tax $ goes is the issue I dont support abortion!
Agree, while we are deflected with Russia destroying our democracy and Possible treason, their main focus would be on taking women's rights.
wrong. Just problem with abortion being paid for by the tax payers.
@RobertASchimke it's called MISOGYNY, and also they're all repressed sexualy
Here's a hint: Republican leaders don't care.
Fear. They fear the vagina and its powers. They must control it or else we will all find out, it controls them!!!!
does that include harvesting and selling baby parts?
@NikkiPoeps @lori_otto  I'm sayin the word "Trump" far too often.
and why aren't you voting for quantified SCOTUS candidate?
MAGMA: Make America Great for Men Again.
"Control" is the key term. We want to control you

I guess a more humane way than china killing female babies when born
@gop TO Stop women taking men's jobs! Another way to keep us down, women outnumber men.Slow, Legal, Deadly way to rid women,fewer families
Simple power and control over women- 1950's mentality!
have you read the handmaid's tale?
@wh0canr3sist resistance will you March if a date and time is set with u the roar will b heard around the world peace out
It keeps them from feeling emasculated.
3.  ... deconstruct administrative state should help them.  But, in 2018 let's hope we take back Congress!
2. ....  on the sick, indigent, low income & elderly. They want USA occupied & controlled by the Wealthy. Trump/Bannon desire to ...
1. The Republicains don't care about woemen or children. Tea Party and most of the Conservative Republicans want to commit Genocide...
Symbolic as r the coal miners. GOP doesn't actually give a shit where a woman wants 2 go 4 HC nor do they care a-b the guy in the mine.
. Seems to me Republican men believe that the only worthwhile woman is a woman "under control".
Republican politicians. They're certainly not worthy of being labeled "Leaders".
because they fear women. especially strong women.
$$$$$$$$$$$ and Dominance
Because they're awful and obsessed with female body parts.
Pretty simple. Mansplaining P.O.W.E.R. #resist
That should be between a woman and her doctor.
@jargonijagon they've  got to get the women controlled before they end up losing their position in leadership
You are right...they are afraid of women!......so they feel the need to control!
it's the 1% coup d'etat... unhealthy people are huge $$$ for them so make sure everyone gets sick
Follow the money. Republicans get more kick backs from insurance companies than they do from women's groups. #PartyOverCountry
GOP seeks to keep women from controlling anything - including their own bodies
they fear not having contol feel women r 2nd class&at least they can control them makes them feel like big men kinda of rape
Because controlling women & their bodies is a core value to Republican men!
Democratic derangement syndrome is uncurable
With Obama care everyone got to keep their doctor so planned parenthood can go
Its the @gop obsession with subjugating others to feel superior. If republicans aren't the harbingers of cruelty they're not happy.
And again you lie they have nothing against basic healthcare just against killing babies
Killing a baby is a basic healthcare right?
Why you fixated on destroying America
power over women. Simple.
@LVLMLeah One wonders! Because they hate women?
I don't get it. It's like they can't stand women having any rights or autonomy.
Because you tie basic health care to infanticide!! You've tied both together like typical politicians!! Very simple
Because women are second class citizen should be seen not heard they r part of the good old boy club.  Know it well grew up with it in South
Costs too much!! You saw the tax breaks in the trump care bill!!!
Ffs there is nothing to understand.  The GOP thinks women are inferior, just chattels for sexual gratification.  Wake up and kick them out.
Good stance, but where do you fall when it comes to Medicare for all?
The hate and fear run very, very deep.
Why do they need to control us? Maddening! Thanks for standing for all of us! 
To increase Profits for the CEOs who own the insurance companies.
I'll guess they're schmoozing their donors.
No one is controlling Women's access to healthcare....they can get all the care they need as long as they pay for it like the rest of us!
If women voted @ if treating us lk crap were a deal breaker, we'd hv a better world. For EVERYBODY.
If U can't respect women, U can't respect ANYONE. So, no matter what U said abt jobs, if you don't respect women, NO FREAKING VOTE FOR YOU!
Old white men fixated on controlling women's bodies
Simple. It's a "grab them by the pussy" tactic.
3 things changed AMERICA 1.END OF SLAVERY 2. BIRTH CONTROL 3.RIGHT TO VOTE. Take away those...GOOD OLD BOYS BACK IN CONTROL!
LOOK AT THE BIG PICTURE. It ALL connects. Less education, more children, less help. PERMANENT, LOW WAGE WORKERS...HERE!
it's getting too expensive to keep jobs overseas. BUT w/ women having more kids, no gov. help FED RTW..FORCED to take less $
Fear of women with a twist of religious fundamentalism.
their plan is a 30yr one. Barefoot, pregnant, FEDERAL rite-to-work, cuts to ALL WELFARE, THEN bring bk jobs at slave wages.
They state they're opposed 2the way "Islam treat women"? & 4 their "stated agreement" to diversity,referring2 the guy without a jacket on?
Vindictive, over-grown boys with womb-envy. Those who can't compete are driven to destroy what they covet.
$$$$ koch brothers ideology
it's because they hate us
Seems obvious: To them, controlling women's access to basic healthcare IS what's at stake.
It's a War on Women!
They ( power hungry misogynistic morons ) still gather in marauding packs since the dawn of time,  & have simply failed to evolve.
GOP old white men who believe (and think God backs them up) that women are to be subservient
It us mind boggling to say the least. Are they all just jealous cause they can't have babies?
Conservative men are afraid of injuring their fragile masculinity, so they feel an urge to control women's bodies
Misogyny.
pandering to their base who basically want the country under the equipment of Christian sharia law!
*equivalent,  I hate auto correct!
Because their ultimate goal is to take our right to vote away, and make us chattel. The bastards!
Because they're fixated on controlling women.
Because they want Sharia Law by another name.
Especially poor women's access to health care. It is mind-boggling.
They don't understand the complexities of being a woman & they don't listen to our pleas. Note: no women at the table for AHCA discussion
.@SenGillibrand thank U for UR good work. .@GOP are spineless and heartless. And the current administrative are all traitors. .@POTUS .@VP
@SenateDems I do my best to control my own health care.
Not smart enough for any other ideas
We are simply hosts remember? It's the reason I could NEVER vote For R's again.
Simple. They hate women, or at the very least don't have the capacity to love or respect others.
Control the uterus, control the woman. There is a hostile, far-right religious coup, targeting women's repro rights, happening in our govt.
Why are Republicans so threatened by GAYS?!?BLACKS?!?MINORITIES?!?WOMEN?!?But they're NOT offended by BULLIES...Is it LOW SELF-ESTEEM???
They need their hypocrit, evangelical vote, that's why.
When a controller loses their grip on something (AHCA) , out of spite they punish what they are holding in their other hand
they have to control something since they can't control Trump.
We have to reach the women in their lives,help them to grow a backbone.  Stop the Stepford Wives syndrome.
They suppress everyone who is not white and male to maintain control over the country. Healthy, educated non-white non-males threaten them.
I'd be more concerned as to why GOP top leaders have been denying Russian Trump issue 11 names are close to being released I'd focus on that
Jeez, so basic so TrueWakeUp,Listen &Act @realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats Don't let donnie,Captain of the'Ship of Fools' go off course
Or even why any men are involved #letherdecide

It is basic. Women do not now have to phuque men to stay alive and feed the children anymore because we have jobs and birth control.
@CluckMort @SenGillibrand @SheWhoVotes and we also have ivf
America is the worst when it comes to political ideology. They'll run their damn neighbors over in the name of righteousness
basic health care for women is failing in Obamacare, where is your concern to replace it when Trump tried?
they c women as property & not humans, so they have 2 control us.
It's not just about healthcare it's about all control of women. That's why Pence won't be in the room alone with one. Women harlots or wives
I struggle to understand how abortions just to end a unwanted pregnacy is  considered health care
They've discovered that controlling women directly doesn't work. Their next best thing is the future of your vagina.
You and everyone else.
That is because you are nothing more then a politician which has nothing to do with common sense nor constitutional results.
They are afraid of women.
@KarenZahaluk Because they're Christian Taliban?
Simple. They're panicked about Whites becoming the minority, & will sacrifice many to slow PoC birth rate.
control is the key word
1. This is a shockingly open, continued assault on women's rights. They vote for poorer health care, abysmal maternal care, lower salaries
2. Higher taxes (essentials as luxury goods), and no paid family leave. One can only conclude that it is a purposeful attempt at subjugation
Republicans seem fixated on controlling every aspect of women's lives. Do they fear the power of the feminine?
Support #MedicareForAll Gillibrand you've been warned
I don't look at them as just "republicans", I can't help but to see them as out of touch old white men.
..OLD MEN obsessed with sexy and control,especially GOP!! Live in the Fantasy world of the 18 century!
POWER!  They fear the loss.
My guess...they both fear and hate women.
Because they know what's best for women. They think women are 2nd class citizens. Read some of crazy Mike Pence's quotes.
They are afraid of women with brains.  Want us married, barefoot and pregnant.
Abortion is not "basic healthcare" and the moral majority are against paying for abortions used as an alternative to birth control. You pay!
Why don't you try to help OUR PRESIDENT instead of your own liberal agendas!
Bc they think women should be punished for having sex. Men, not so much
Control = Subversion
They're losing power in other areas so they have to exercise their white male supremacy somewhere. 'Put women in their place!
Radical Christianity and control.  #misogyny
Equality, humanity, accountability are all foreign word to GOPs.
Hate, fear, prejudice, misogyny, patriarchy, mean-spirit, and a fatally flawed understanding of Jesus' command to love our neighbors
They still can't figure out a better way to cope with their disappointment at being weaned, first off their mamas and now off any woke woman
Control the energy. Control the world. Control the women. Control the country. 
Iowa republican lawmakers went from crazy to sick
It is that patriarchal attitude. Men know better, men make decisions for women. Welcome to the 1950's folks. They are back.
Because men that don't have a family shouldn't have to pay for prenatal care, abortions & mammograms. You're trying to control ME!
Men voting on our vaginas is very bothersome!
Because a woman dared run for President and they want to slap us down!
They might have changed their russian plank but planned parenthood is a tenant they will never abandon as long as there are evangelicals.
IT is about control & greed! no money give away unless it is for them the rich!
Easy: Christian Sharia 1 Timothy 2:12 #WarOnWomen
Male chavinist pigs
White male privilege, they will hold back and hold down anyone or anything that threatens their privilege.  Trying to take back control.
Tax cuts for the wealthy....IF they're successful. We all need to realize, that's THE ONLY THING they care about.
Stay strong, Senator.  We need your clear honest voice during this time. Women need you 
I struggle to understand how you can support Gorsuch? #CheatsDontPickSeats No cooperation with a treasonous administration
Because that's a way to keep women barefoot and pregnant? Control is the agenda.
Because paying us .80 on their dollar is too much?
@girlsreallyrule because they believe in persecution, inequality & religious superiority. Facts threaten their identity.
But...but....@SpeakerRyan just wants us to have choice. 
Because they're ideologues.  It isn't a hard concept to grasp.  Sometimes the obvious answer is the right answer.
Republican leaders are still playing to their base to secure reelection in their gerrymandered districts by attacking women.
The #GOPReich and other abortion worriers are gravely concerned about, "Live White Births." #GOPLebensbornProgram #RESISTANCE
It's an expression of power (and fear). They think women should be barefoot and pregnant so they can't infringe on the establishment.
It's pretty easy, Senator. They. Hate. Women. Thank you for standing up for us.
And Y R they also fixated on a woman's right 2 choose? But they continue 2 ignore ongoing collusion between Putin & Trump? #Democracy
Bc they can't take care of themselves, if their wives find out they have equal rights they will leave them.
It's a red herring/scapegoat; the stoning of a woman story, version 2017.
KG, that's a lot 2 unpack.  

We'd all be better off giving all American males a 10pk of tube socks & a jar of vaseline  #goaway #lysistrata
American sexual dysfunction.
They hate women & have no respect for them. You have to wonder how the women in their lives feel about their views
What is the deal other than they think women are lesser.
Maybe because of all the years of practice??? They r despicable
.@SenGillibrand
If ?? not rhetorical, ans is patriarchy. At primal level, finding place in the world easier if u can discount ½ population
