At what point does this constant push to undermine the FBI investigation become obstruction?
When he asked Comey to shut down the investigation. Everything else is just fuel for the fire
Comey said under oath that he was never asked
We'll see what the memos say
Funny they interviewed Hillary and their were no memos! If the memos say that he was asked then he lied under oath
Settle down comrade..If the FBI interviewed HRC they have records of it-irrelevant to the current thread. Claim of purjury-ridiculous
Of course it's ridiculous because it doesn't fit your narrative
No ridiculous b/c Comey is a lawyer, a cop. Certain he understands what perjury is. No chance he's dumb enough to put himself  in that posit
Lol lol lol you are the true disgrace.
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump there's no limit to the administration's mendacity,& devious Machiavellian maneuvering.DT-impeachment or jail
He's writing the Articles himself at this point.
Illegal.
Perfect word - " disgraceful " Trump and Team Jared may need a dictionary for a definition and new hearts to care. Thx KG for speaking truth
Fight with all your might. Get out there screaming warren style. Unacceptable. He is a treasonous autocrat
Treason?
Thank you for being a truth teller! You are speaking up for all of us.
What truth has she told posting another unfounded story?
Remember one of Trump's earliest actions was to try and dissolve http://ethics.gov ?  SUBTLE
Ethics, what ethics? trump has non & the republicans are blinded by religion that purely  has no ethics! But that is also just called GOP
Trump's only real concern here is how terribly he and his cronies will be hurt when the truth comes out
Your a disgrace to the people of New York
Are they really trying to pull the "ethics card" now? What about when Kutchner's sister was trying to sell US Visa's and name dropping?
I have to question your intelligence if you believe the crap you are reading.  Typical
Unbelievable !!!!
.@SenGillibrand @Reuters No, U, ur party & MSM R Disgraceful! How can U insist on Spec Atty with no evidence of crime after 11 mos of invest
Bottom of the slime bucket
I don't understand the need to undermine if no one did anything wrong
What's disgraceful is your silence on the $105B weapons deal with SA.
We need people even those serving this country to act ethically.  With no rules or regs in place, not possible.
The partisan witch hunt perpetrated by your party is disgraceful.
Stay strong Democrats.
So impressed that you would believe the press reports without trying to check it truthfulness.
And this from the drain the swamp guy...#thankstrumpvoters
@TRUMP HAS MADE A FORTUNE BY BEATING THE SYSTEM #GRIFTER
So the rules apply when it benefits 45 but nothing that he or his family does can be remotely considered out of bounds. 
Please speak out about this so everyone is aware.
Disgraceful? You should think before popping off. How lucky you leftists are that GOP had no stomach for investing fast & furious. Cover up?
Smells strongly of GUILT FROM WH
This is why we need an independent commission that doesn't report to Trump.
Yes & we are not surprised. However, WE THE PEOPLE will NOT allow our freedom to be ripped away.  We are watching & holding ALL accountable.
Thanks for keeping up the fight!
Yes.
The house without ethics now looking for selective ethics...dream on. #impeach
So,  if there was really no intereference why the need to do this? Makes it seem like there's something to hide.
What part is disgraceful?
The Trump copy of the ethics rule book must be very dusty. It hasn't been used until now. #notmypresident  #resist
Just because it may involve the use of loopholes does not mean it isn't obstruction.
Why is this disgraceful?
And this is why we still need an #IndependentCommission #resist
You don't do this unless you have something to hide
Can we at least acknowledge that they finally cracked the spine on the ethics handbook. A little late, but good try @GOP
This sounds as if there was forethought into the pick, especially if the waiver hasn't been granted. Further obstruction?
Of course. He has no shame.
MOre White House lies and dirty tricks!
DISGRACEFUL DISHONEST AND FAKE NEWS and @SenGillibrand should be ashamed of herself for her comment. VERIFY.
Wow this screams cover-up! Trumpster seems powerfully worried for someone who vociferously proclaims his innocence
That is beyound reproach! What a SAD day in America! We need All America to stand up and be outraged!@thehill @RepStefanik what do u think?
WH too desperate to care that this makes them look more guilty. Maggots in Oval Office. #MarchForTruth #TheResistance
How does this help the administration? If there is nothing there, wouldn't one want the counsel to look as righteous as possible? #BatCrazy
If they act guilty, take actions that make them look guilty, try to hinder those looking into their possible guilt, THEY'RE GUILTY
Yet @POTUS wants to hire one of his own lawyers, Joe Lieberman. Conflict anyone? When is someone gonna stop this lunatic!?
Although Trump & team's words & actions suggest ever increasing guilt their supporters don't budge! It's literally mind blowing!
It's scary
@Plantflowes @Reuters What they want to hide???
Awe cool, they found the ethics rule book
@AshleyJudd @Reuters If Comet had this info and kept it, he obstructed justice. Airing it now is his "hail mary."
It's unlikely Wilmer represented them in their individual capacities. More likely their companies.
Yes, he can't just change the rules to fit whatever current legal crisis he has at the moment!
@AshleyJudd @Reuters Special Prosecutors don't have to play by the rules so there's no need to get your panties in a bunch.
Yes you are!!
If WH were to pull this off, would there not be a second Special Counsel then appointed to take on whatever Mueller could not do?
Let's go. I literally got my ethics recertification yesterday.
On the run. Grabbing at everything they can to stop investigation.   Looks guilty more than ever.
They keep trying to go to jail it seems like!
At least the REAL STORY is in the open now!  Any thoughts, Republicans? Anyone?
ANYONE who thinks Trump isn't making CASH on this deal .. is NOT paying attention 2 @POTUS'S 8 #Saudi Co's  https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/865810325513306112 … … … @FBI
Jared Kushner called the Lockheed CEO to get a $100B Saudi arms deal done http://cnn.it/2qAq2yg  
Sure quacks like real time obstruction just to take any action w/ the clear purpose of weakening a federal criminal investigation #Resist 
Fight this. Fight like hell.
Bet there is a waiver
How your party smears and slanders the President is disgusting.  The double standard is disgusting.
What's disgraceful is Democrats refusal to accept the election outcome.  What they claimed Trump supporters would do. #domesticterrorists
If they can use it, they most certainly will. Too bad Trump's balls aren't as big as Hillary's! ;-)
So let the rest of the team investigate those two while he focuses specifically on Donald Trump!
But typical of the Drumpf WH. Ethics apply to everyone else.
And yet, unsurprising.
Like Obama doing wave with Castro the commie?  Disgraceful like that?
NOW the WH is interested in ethics.
Look at the time spent fighting this unwarranted prosecution. End it! My $$! No!
It's the "at all costs" mindset that Trump had in business & that he's also using to sabotage the ACA. Scorched earth has come to government
Yep, you are disgraceful.
Surprised?
Expected.
Form an independent commission outside the authority of the White House.
Always something slimy going on at the White House.
Who would squash if they weren't guilty
Sessions isn't interested in the law ,he's interested in politics .
This administration's attacks on our justice system are fundamental dangers; thanks to you, @SenSchumer & @NydiaVelazquez for standing up.
He'll preemptively pardon them all, anyway. No one is in actual trouble. I hate this.
As are you senator, with all respect
He ignores all conflict of interest why cant we. If this is the rule Lieberman cant FBI cause his firm represent Trump right NOW! Both ways?
They'll do ANYTHING to not only undermine but later deny discredit findings Best route rt now 25th Amendment PLEASE #DonTheCon #TraitorTrump
But they want Joe Lieberman to lead the FBI?!?
Introduce a bill to waive the regulation if Rod Rosenstein won't.
I notice they only look to destroy values: office/rules of ethics; consumer protection bureau; healthcare
We'll burn DC to the ground.
They are the absolute worst. By the time this is done, Nixon will look like a good guy
WE ARE SHOCKED!
SO SO wrong.
They are certainly trying very hard to cover-up something that never happened. #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Two Special Counsels?  One for Kushner and Manafort (Bharara?!) and Mueller for everything else.
#Fascism 101
They can't see the irony of claiming ethics now?  Looks like they have something to hide. What if law firm dropped Kush&Manafort as clients?
Thank you Kirsten!  Scary stuff.....our democracy is at stake.
A true description of your tenure as senator.
At least they are finally looking at the ethics rules?  Maybe someone on staff will accidentally learn they are breaking a ton of them.
You know who wouldn't do this? Someone with nothing to hide.
DOJ can waive rule. if Rosenstein won't, he's complicit and selected Mueller for this reason.

if he does waive, then he gets Yates'd...
Further obstruction
@realDonaldTrump's @WhiteHouse is desperate
Ethics? This WH has NO ethics, yet want to use ethics to fight their mounting corruptionhmmm
Lieberman, whom he wants 2 make FBI director, also works for his law firm--this disqualifies Lieberman frm overseeing investigation too, no?
He wants Lieberman because Trump feels he'll have an inside track to precisely what's happening at FBI and investigation. So transparent!
His desire for no transparency is indeed transparent!
More obstruction
Don't let it happen!
Yes.
Indeed.
I seem to recall Hillary saying, "Bring it on!" for her investigations........No fear if you know you're innocent. No coercion or bullying.
Or you've murdered everyone who knows something and deleted all evidence! She's a crook and a but case.
Let's state using the filibuster and withholding consent to bring some pressure on these mutts. Enough of this trying to work together
He's fighting hard to not get convicted and to show his Russians handlers that he'll fight for the position they put him in. 
Convicted of what? Trying to keep your butt safe?
They are going to fight like cornered rats. Our democracy is at stake. Act quickly - we are losing the info war.
They've all changed their middle names to Disgraceful. They feel no shame.
Wannabe authoritarians rarely do.
Yep, please do what you can to protect democracy.
If this happens, can we eliminate Joe Lieberman for his defense of Russia and trump ?
