I agree! The lives of our aborted children would be saved. Speak out for the innocent that have no rights in America.
That's a legal definition. And an argument used to justify murder.
Except it's not denying healthcare. They're are many facilities that accomplish the same thing PP does.
Thank you Senator. Glad you represent me
What state do you live in? Just curious
Just asking: why is PP incapable of raising its own funds?  Plenty of charities do it.  Why are taxpayers forced to do it?
They do get donations. They also do a lot more for healthcare than you think.
That's great but doesn't explain why they need federal funding. I oppose public funds for private institutions no matter what it's for.
Unless it's a contract to build a road or a tank or something - an actual service for a legit function of govt. PP doesn't qualify.
105 counties in USA 2017 have no health services other than Planned Parenthood.

You realize this little picture is bull shit, right? I live in Texas and we have nothing but PP or Christian crisis centers.
It depends upon where you live. TX treats women horribly by limiting access that could really help them.
Myth: outside of abortion, @ppact provides a large portion of women's health services.
negatively impacted like the innocent babies that are murdered or..?
Considering most babies that are aborted are black, that makes you racist as well!
Thank you!
I would think death was a negative impact on someones life, so defunding PP would do more to save lives then hurt.
When PP can give over 4 MILLION to democrats in 2016 alone, they don't need or deserve a taxpayer dime!
U mean the demographics u pander to for votes like hearing u virtue signal like this.
Yet they have a spare $700,000 to donate to democrats. #crookedashell
U'r joking right? As if PP doesn't dismember over 300,000 children every year, having quite the negative impact on their life.
The Hyde Amendment prevents taxpayer dollars from funding abortions. The funding PP receives from the govt is in the form of Medicaid pymt
You cant prove 100% that they are not using tax money for abortions. #defundplannedmurderhood
you spelled saved wrong.
If PP has done anything successfully, it has been its foundational puprose to kill minority and unwanted babies through selfish ignorance.
Babies do not need to be nine months in order to survive outside the womb. Check your facts
Virtually all abortions in the US are performed at or before 12 weeks' gestation.
And that makes it right?
Mostly what it does is make your point immaterial.
Not really. When my point is abortion is wrong at any level.
Republicans are "pro-life" before birth but don't give a damn about women and children after birth! Hypocrites!! Sad!
The biggest impact would be in the $50 mill PP donates to the @DNC. How is that even legal? Receiving funding and having a campaign budget?
Abortion negatively impacts lives. It ends them.
Irony.
Yes liberalism is a mental illness.
God forbid women not be able to fuck like minks & then dispose of the results of their actions. After all, feminism, girl power & all that.
Completely full of s**t! Only disgraceful heartless human beings are ok w/ offing babies but ring hands when govt handout doesn' come thru.
$700k+ to a political campaign... Not where I want my tax $$$ going.
"Too many lives would be negatively impacted." She doesn't think abortion has a negative life impact? Death is pretty negative in my book.
You are a traitor for supporting #LindaSarsour  in time magazine. You are an embarrassment to NY.  You will be voted out.
Please tell me why $1 of my hard earned tax money goes to them and they spent $700K on some piss ant political candidate? Please justify
You left out an f bomb in your tweet. You know, you have to say it to be cool
Not negotiable.. similar to the lives of all the babies @PPact takes away?
Yea...babies mostly.  Savage @SenGillibrand
So many unborn babies are unavailable for comment.
If their money is so damned important why do they give money to candidates?
Exactly
Tell me what you remember doing before you were born
How stupid is this, no one knows what we ate last September morn. Geezus!
You have organs and a brain to survive, think, breathe on your own.
Yeah except they had 734,000 to donate to Ossoff, I'm pretty sure they can survive without government funding, i.e. Selling baby parts.
You want to talk about hypocrisy? How about the kids who will die under this bill. I guess Republicans only care about life in fetal form?
Yeah no kids are dying under this Bill, spare us your liberal dramatics. They don't work on rational individuals.
Really?  Killing care for the most needy in society (so that billionaires can have an extra yacht).  What could possibly go wrong?
You are pure E V I L, what about the babies
The people who PAY 4 IT wont negotiate either! WE dont want OUR TAX $'s going to  corp welfare that donates millions to democrat campaigns!
We are the People the constitution talks about. who the hell are YOU to tell US that YOU wont negotiate with how much of OUR $ you'll give
to a baby murdering company? Are you nuts? Come back to earth lady. You cant bully America anymore, they're too pissed!
How much are you getting from them?
A money laundering scheme funneling tax money to @TheDemocrats. 
Keep standing up, Kirsten. We see you!
They gave a large amount of money to Ossoff, that is why they should be defunded. Can't wait till 2018. Rep. are uniting to vote you out.
yes nearly 60 million lives thrown away since roe remember 60 million people's blood are on your hands ! #defundplannedparenthood
And how many more before Roe? I bet you walk around saying outlawing guns won't stop people from having guns, don't you, cupcake?
Liberals cry over convicted murderers, but care nothing for a child still in the womb - unless there is a profit to be made !
Turn that around for right wingers.
Proud to be a  "right winger" who believes murderers should be punished
That is some accomplishment to be proud of. 60 Million babies killed since Roe.
law of the land which, as you know, was ruled on by a conservative SCOTUS.
So far
Genocide: a deliberate killing of a large group of people, especially those of a particular ethnic group or nation, abortion is mass murder
Even Kirsten Gillibrand knows Planned Parenthood negatively effects too many lives. #DefundPP It's not negotiable https://twitter.com/sengillibrand/status/879684518176858113 …
Liar
If this is true at all......
Given @PPact’s biz model is aborting babies and allegedly selling their parts, that’s kinda warped
Seriously, dude?Stop trying to control women with proven lies.Or are you really so ignorant that you don't know the CMP videos were debunked
What one does with their life is no ones business.  We all make mistakes
No service is offered at PP that isn't readily available through privately funded providers.  Including for Medicaid patients. #theendoflies
Keep thinking that...
Prove otherwise.
removing an organ causes organ death. Doesn't mean it was the death of a person.
In Texas our racially inclined governor won't protect women. We don't need someone who won't stand for them. Yeah I said it.
I don't want my money taken and given to planned parenthood.
"We the People" are not asking you for permission to #DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundPP. Get over your bad ol' self, #Progressive!
700,000 women received cancer screenings via PP last year. Early screening, saves lives/saves money! #IStandWithPP
#PP is not needed, and there's no valid argument for tax payer funding.
I've read plenty. There's more none abortion clinics to help women than there are #PP murder kills. 0 reason tax payers should fund it.
What's with all the pro lifers taking away health care from the children they want born?
Insurance and healthcare are not the same. Insurance companies make $$ denying care and determine what type of care you get.
Thank you for last night on the #Capitol steps! #HealthcareNotWealthcare #IStandWithPP
The Senator is referring to the care given to PP clients for reproductive health, preventative care, and general health care.
I know many of you want to perpetuate the myth that PP only does abortions for unwanted pregnancies, but that is simply untrue.
And federal tax dollars are not used for abortions.
Millions of lives have been negatively impacted by PP! Each one murdered in the womb! #abortionismurder
What do you remember before you were born? Tell us a story about how you could survive on your own
What do you remember from being a baby? By your logic you should've been killed.
If my Mom did not want a baby, could not take care of one nor respect her parental duty... I would be better off to have been aborted.
Not so...ever life is precious. There are so many people who would cherish a child--adoption, not abortion.
.@PPact can use the money they donate to political “causes/candidates” to fund their operations.
Negatively impacted?  Pretty broad statement.  If PP offers unique services found nowhere else, then I agree.  But that's not the case here.
Why do we send funding to a private business that pays it's CEO $500,000 and contributes 6+ million in political donations? #DefundPP
Rob, are you with us? http://Defundpppetition.com 
Why are we killing off US babies and importing illegal Mexicans and Muzlims that breed like RATS???
and not killed
You're one of my senators, thanks for fighting for US! We appreciate your efforts #ProudNewYorker @SenateDems @OccupyDemocrats @TheDemocrats
It's an abortion mill. They kill babies for money. Women's health needs would a silly be met by the thousands of centers around country.
FINALLY, someone speaking for the millions of murdered human babies. Saaay what? She wasn't ? 
If pp is sooooo important, and since dems care about it soooo much, let them put their combined millions toward it. Bezos? Soros? Pelosi?
Persuade Sen friends to skip the chicken wings at McConnell's lunch and dinner w/t 45!  Blood money not worth integrity. Country over party!
It already negatively impacts millions of lives by murdering them
The left just has ZERO concept of the term "irony"
So would your campaign coffers, which lets be honest here, is the only reason you care.
As long as equal funding is provided for pro life clinics as well? Also based on actual services provided?
Non-negotiable sounds like a dictator/tyrant
If the #Equal Rights Amendment had been front & center of agendas & had been ratified it would not be legal to discriminate against women
You tell em'!  
SAVE PLANNED PARENTHOOD!
Then fund it through donations not taxpayer money or government coercion. ;)
If it's not a life, why do you have to kill it?  If it's not a human, what is it?  If it's a fetus, what type?
By actually giving birth?
The "lives" most negatively impacted would be of course, Democrat Politicans who enjoy the @PPFA taxpayer-funded campaign slush fund.
What about the unborn lives negatively impacted by abortion?
If @PPact can make political donations to candidates, they do not need federal funding. #DefundPlannedParenthood
PP has more needed services beyond an abortion They save lives with Pap smears & mammograms ProLifers dont care 4 life once born #hypocrites
UnHatched American Bald Eagle Eggs have more legal protection than UnBorn American Children.
Don't you think that's WRONG?
The very name, "Planned Parenthood," shows the true intent. Only an idiot would buy into the, "bastion of women's health," #propaganda.
She's right all of those babies lives would be negatively impacted if Planned Parenthood is funded
Of course we could count on it being extremely inefficient if it is government funded. So maybe it would be a good thing after all...
Stop wasting money donating to the Democratic Party.
by negatively impacted you mean their salaries?
Gillibrand 2020
They gave $720,000 to a losing DEMOCRATIC campaign 
DEFUND THEM NOW
As a young college student the only health care I received was from PP
USA does not have health care
It has conflicting  for profit business
For a group so obviously vital to the life and safety of women, why would a #GoFundMe program not be successful? Are supporters that selfish
How is becoming un-aborted negitive?
Political candidates & employees will be impacted. @PP refer women for most medical services. 
Stop the propaganda Kirsten.
#DefundPP
Are you with us? http://Defundpppetition.com 
And playing to the troglodytes isn't helping them, the GOP, or the country!!!
Pay for your own unborn mistakes.... or develop the capacity to use a condom.
Which lives? The innocent ones viable outside the womb being killed in second and third trimester and partial birth abortions?
How many babies could've been butchered with the money PP spent on GA06?
By "...lives negatively impacted." You mean the babies murdered, correct? And by "not negotiable" you mean no funding?
PP only does abortions&birthcontrol.No mamograms,prenatal,can not read a paps.Take control of own sex life.i dont want to pay for yours
Best way to defeat Senate bill is with a New Democratic bill that addresses some of the ACA issues. #quick before they come back!!
Exhibit A in cognitive dissonance.
Are you talking about the unborn ones?
especially all of those babies you seem to relish seeing chopped into pieces
Except for the precious babies.
You mean "too many girls and women would be inconvenienced by not being allowed to murder their babies".... you're sick. Remove abortion $$$
#DefundPP #defendlife not my tax dollars. #prolife
Under his eye! We must take a stand! Please share and sign this petition to defund PP! http://Defundpppetition.com 
We fucking won.
So, Dems vote to fund millions for pp, then pp donates millions to Dems.... nice system. #sengillibrandapproves
Just how long have you been tone deaf to irony?
Tell it Gillibrand. !!
Your attitude is unbecoming of a representative of the people. EVERYTHING is negotiable. RESIGN.
Looks like you've stepped in it again.
Kirsten - on a mission to kill more babies.
NOW - more black babies aborted than born in NYState.
At some point, we need to reexamine.
I call bs, plenty of clinics that provide actual health care on a sliding scale.
@laweez There's one party "negatively impacting lives" here...
Not negotiable: Defund PP.  
It goes against our religious rights.  
Will not fund such an org.  

Hollywood can fund it privately.
I'm pro choice but it's time to pull funding from PP. I will donate if I think I need to support it.
This is what a real Democrat looks like. @SenateDems look here for leadership.
If u wanna keep pp why not make it stop giving abortions and keep the "rest" of what it does
When does the IRS investigate?
Planned Parenthood is LYING. They are NOT "nonpartisan." When does the IRS investigate? 
Except for a few "former physicians" some in Alzheimer Only qualification being used to determine covered care is Religion. Not acceptable
I'll say what you're too polite to say: many women will die.
Of course it's not neg to libs. Abortion adversely affects African Americans, as they are 12.2% of population and 41% of abortions. Racist
Do you mean life of killed babies?
cont. health insurance mandate fines is not negotiable. Too many of us cannot afford insurance & struggle more 2 pay fines$
So I should pay for your PP services? What will you pay for me to do? Fair is fair.
I completely agree. Defund it.
Why do women need abortions?
Give her credit not an F bomb in this she must be doing better after being sent to time out chair.
your saying all those women whose life will be interrupted by having a baby is more important than the baby actually living? Delete yourself
Soooo you believe in state sponsored murder then, with my tax dollars no less
You meant that millions of children would be saved? That's got to be what you meant. Abortion rights only kill children.
How much have they donated to your campaign?  Screw @ppact.
We have said time & time again planned parenthood should not receive government funding they are an abortion service & political group
Bet you don't even realize the irony of your tweet.
Sure. Why would you negotiate about giving our taxpayer dollars to activist organizations that donate millions to political campaigns?
Yes, and those old men have the mentality of cavemen!
Killing 300K babies a year is non negotiable
Yeah - the hell with those inconsequential unborn babies that PP executes on a daily basis. Planned Parenthoods main business is abortion.
Yes I would say ending a life is negatively impacting that life. We agree!
How about the lives of the unborn Kirsten?
https://twitter.com/MadFiest/status/879724648296042496 …
You forgot to use the "f word".  Defending a baby chop shop is more effective if your curse.
You should have thought that tweet through. Seriously ironic. #DefundPP
LIKE 3500 babies a DAY??
thousands of BABIES lives are negatively impacted, WE'LL KEEP SAYING  DEFUND PP!  it's a BABY CHOP SHOP!
Lives children's lives. I had 2 under roe wade. What I know now it would of not been so  we have to many contraceptive s to kill the inno
It's so crucial it needs to be funded by the government, because it's SO crucial that somehow we can't get enough private funding for it!
Including yours since they send contributions to your campaign
If you let the people decide that, Im sure there would be enough who agree. Give the people a way to delegate their own tax dollars.
Absolutely...this is so devastating.
I saw you at the impromptu sit in on the steps of the Capitol w/@CoryBooker @repjohnlewis #ThankYou #Don'tGiveUp #ProudNewYorker
I would say killing babies is already a pretty negative impact on life
Actually unborn babies might disagree.
Why they are sending money for political campaign? Its a way for politician to chanel money from fed funds?
Like the 52 millions of lives snuffed out by PP? Are those the LIVES that are negatively impacted???
I'm guessing you mean, the teenage girl who didn't use birth control? Those are the lives that are negatively impacted? You are SO caring!!!
grab a dictionary.... now look up irony.
What service does @PPact provide that a woman could not get at a clinic or their PPC?  Why do we need to pay for a baby killing machine?
T doesn't care about PP. Dosier aside of course.
Bottom line is, killing another human being under ANY circumstance is NOT acceptable. Woman's Choice, absolutely not are you crazy.
You mean funding like the over $700k they spent on the GA election?
I've said it b4, & I'll say it again, EVERY D worth voting 4 in the future needs 2b 4 #SinglePayer ! Then everything will b covered. #resist
Excuse me but, I don't remember the constitution giving YOU the absolute authority on a baby chop shop having a god given right to MY tax $
Right! Too many women wouldn't be able to so easily murder their babies in their wombs. When will you speak on behalf of the baby females???
Except for the poor children who are killed by PP. It would definitely make a difference to them.
If PP gives money to political campaigns do they really need tax dollars?
Question: Would women still need @PPact if there was comprehensive care available to them w/ improved #ACA? Maybe we should think bigger?
FIFY:Said it before, I’ll say it again: funding FROM Planned Parenthood is not negotiable. Democrat candidates would be negatively impacted.
We can NEVER go back to that dangerous time of Back-alley or Coat-hanger abortions. Too many women died. Safe options for women must remain!
Especially all the unborn children who will not be murdered!
"Too many lives"? How about just $750K for Democrat loser in Georgia election?
Yes, you are right. The unborn lives.
Except the 370,000 babies murdered every year.
Too many lives ARE negatively impacted like the 10s of millions of Americans that they have butchered, beheaded & burned.
That's bs and you know it, they need to stop wasting their money on political donations if they want a handout.
Nvr understood the logic; get pregnant & *want* the baby, celebrate & take of ur body. *Don't* want pregnancy, it's not a baby-ok 2 kill.
Ya if they cut funding to PP, how would the democratic candidates get contributions from them? No Pol Contributions if U receive Gov Funds
They should stop using funding to support political campaigns but since they won't funding must stop, plenty of places to get healthcare
Youre lying as usual. #fundabortionsoutofcongresspay
I agree,too bad republicans  dont  ! I can not understand why women voted for Trump or the republicans !  Money is not all that important
