The President of the United States spent his morning attacking a TV host’s appearance. This is not normal, and it hurts women. 1/
It is hard to resist the temptation to go as low as he gets, but we are strong, smart, powerful, dedicated, and united against this trash.
You literally condoned physical violence against him. What the fck are you talking about "going as low"? You went even lower, clown
You are not worth my time. Your language speaks volume on your inability to conduct a civil discourse. Straight into the abyss of ignorance
. Frankly dear I don't want your support. You are a political hack that lacks veracity. Strong  Women don't fight we negotiate.
I can't wait for you to lose your seat 
lose her seat? hahahaha she was elected in 2008 with over 70%, she will be reelected as senator of NY once again.
Yeah not so sure, lots of deplorables live in NY
Where is the outrage for shumer calling a woman the B word? Hypocrites!!!!!!
Lmao I've made it my personal responsibility to troll him at least once a day!
U know Obama care is forcing working class to pay for lazy n moochers to have insurance but u say otherwise knowing ur lying.
so children with cancer are moochers?? Or lazy?? Hope u don't have kids.

as a Naval officer you find his post appropriate??
Women who are tired of your shit.
Thanks for you great service to the people of New York.  Please run for President and restore the dignity that office deserves.
Thank you for being one of select few to actually tell @realDonaldTrump how unacceptable this behavior is. You inspire me @SenGillibrand
Senator, u need 2 get a better agenda than hate Trump. It's old and worn out. Fight Trump! That's ur plan? Do some real work for us.
This has nothing to do w/ women, it's not right but it's not a sex thing, does it to men too, and 80% of Americans do it to him. Is that rht
Many did it to Obama. You didn't see him responding with snarky remarks. Took the high road and had class!
I also agreed that isn't not right for him to do
Might be better if he was putting cigars up interns? What a bunch of Hippocrates!
Ancient history and at risk of sounding like a second grader "Do two wrongs make a right?" Really! Grow up!
There is a difference between Trump insulting her truthfully (facelift obvious, and she does not seem bright) and Clinton's acts & lies.
Stating someone else did something worse is a junior high defense. Time to grow up!
Feminists have mocked Trumps appearance since elected.  Where were you then???
Will Creepy Chuck Schumer be there to call them bitches for simply doing their job?
Hi, Kirsten. I want YOU to know that I was part of the quiet Women's March that marched to the voting booth to resist Mrs. Clinton. We won.
He is not your punching bag just because you are a woman.
I'll take you seriously when you get out on this subject for the other side, for both women and men.
where was the outrage when a sitting president had an affair with a woman "in the White House"?
LET THE PRESIDENT KNOW his tweets are:  
Vulgar
Crude
 Hit a New low
Disgusting 
Beneath office of the President
What do you think about rapist bill Clinton? Do you have a f'n opinion?
GILLIBRAND HAD NOTHING TO SAY WHEN SICK BILL CLINTON WAS MOLESTING WOMAN IN THE OVAL OFFICE THAT WAS OKAY WITH KIRSTEN
& u were OK when Obama Invited vile rappers (degrading women & cops) to the White House & had perform? Were u there? #hypocrite
The thing is he attacked her for telling the truth
Remember Women:
NOT ONE Republican Senator or Congressman said that country don't deserve Trump obsessed with Women Bleeding. Mika, Megan
Yes what a poor excuse for a man. Weak, uneducated, unintelligent, and blindly arrogant.
Please be consistent-you supported the Clintons.
Can you please remind us how you defended Sara Palin
Unacceptable. Denigrating the office of President of USA. All of us need to shut this down. An embarrassment. Call him out. Rein him in.
When he is going to realize that his behaviors are unbecoming of a President.  Or when will we learn we could do SO much better?
Impeach Trump
That woman has spent the last 12 mo's saying the vilest things you can say on lib tv. I don't blame him a bit. Snivelwhinebitchcomplainwaaah
We want all to know when you insult,shoot our congress,lie through media,bully a child,riot our streets and disrespect our potus WE WILL too
Mika and Joe have no problem slinging mud but when it comes back everybody cries.  Research some of the insults they've thrown out there
If you're so pro-woman when will you endorse @NMalliotakis for NYC mayor? You won't and you're a party line coward
He did not attack her looks he commented on her residual bleeding from her face lift.  Stupid but not vulgar
all I can say is, don't run your mouth
Kirsten at least he didn't use the F@word.
Thank you, Senator! #Resisterhood
He's a pig! A disgrace to our country! We have never had such a degenerate in office! But trump,look in the mirror frog face +tiny hands
What really hurts women more?   My stupid tweets or WJC fornicating with 20 yo interns with cigars in the Oval Office?   It's all relative.
Still waiting for you to tell us about your healthcare benefits!
You all liberals are getting a taste of your own medicine.
If Uu are Dysfunctional&refuseToWork withinTheFactsOfReality,actPsychotic inWayOfBelittement U are indeedStandingAgainstPoints of BeAnAlly>>
regardless of Ur Gender.U areDysfunctional &in need ofPsyciatricHelp.UCan't have it both ways,Those U Attack without beingPrevoked have >>=>
every right to protect themselves.This includes the President of the United States. Control Starts with yourself, It does not extend beyond>
yourself.&Kirsten.We don't need any more Babies jerked from the womb,slice&Diced for Kickbacks,the US Doesn't need to pay for Promiscuity
Every Woman in Congress, regardless of political party, should denounce trump's tweets.
Sad
Senator how come you didn't defend @SarahPalinUSA when she gets attacked?  Umm...   crickets. Hypocrisy is damming.
Mika and Joe should've thought about that before they open their pie hole. Where are you holding Mika accountable for what she said.
Get Real! She's a reporter. He's supposed to be our President! You have really low expectations where he's concerned.
Bull shit
I totally agree Senator ! This man need to 
Be impeached but I don't think he knows
he is going to prison real soon...
He truly is one of the most disgusting, lying, fake moron I have ever seen on or studied. GROPE is treasonous by not acting.
Stick to getting jobs and the economy!! Broome County is hurting and we have not heard a peep from you!
Lol you attack him everyday and that's ok?
You work for us ,Kirsten!  Do your job and fix our roads. Stop this woman crap!!!
Not a fan of Morning Joe or anyone on it. But if you have to resort to a cheap shot like that when you're POTUS you're not even a person.
.@SenGillibrand I'm proud to say you are my Senator. Thank you.
To quote Truman, If you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen. Past presidents were criticized and did not act like this.
Instead, fix the subways and fix the horrible roads in Broome County!!!
Attacked a host's appearance?? POTUS stated a fact: Mika had a face lift. No doubt sleep around Joe Scarborough had a face lift too.
apparently you can't tell the difference between a fact and a low blow just because someone doesn't like you.  Poor form!
This "woman's" fight is fake. Stop this stupidity. I worked in corporate companies and made it to2nd line mgr. Stop fake news and go to work
It hurts women, yes, but it is also offensive to most decent people, and it's an absolute affront to civility and common decency.
& u were OK when Obama Invited vile rappers (degrading women & cops) to the White House & had perform? Were u there? #hypocrite
SAD!  That he has nothing better to do! Trump needs to start earning his title and pay check!
May be acting out because unable to express ambivalent feelings about "cat woman" type "work" Melania has had.
Please do your job.  You are an American working for Americans.  Please help make healthcare better.
getOTS is a big nothingburger
Says the coward who was afraid to speak up against sexist Reid! #hottestmember #hypocrite
Please, can't you just get something done? Fix the subway.
yes, what a great tweet by you. kirsten should just grab a wrench and head down to the subway and get to fixin'. Great call.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA you're #Pathetic
