U.S.Congress:
When the President of US sympathizes with the KKK, Neo Nazis, & white supremacists, it is time to enact the 25th amendment.
Yeah, that will help heal our nation. Stop being so shallow.
Your side has shown itself to be exceedingly violent in the past year. Do you condemn the political violence and murder on the left?
Well, he took care of the latter. He is no longer considered the leader of the free world. Pulverized that in less than 6 months. #Winning
As long as you believe people are not of equal value, you will never have your free world.
People have different value. It's communism if everyone was the same.
Value in the sense that a life is a life.
Identitarians treat outside groups as inherently bad.
Ms. Gillibrand, you have no integrity to make any comment on behavior. After your disgusting speech you gave at the college graduation using the F--- word so many times proclaiming it was ok because you were speaking to young people used to that language. Well parents weren’t !
Not only a disgrace but dangerous . Willfully dividing the nation, prime proponent of birther movement, malicious creep. #25thAmendmentNow
Dear Ms. Gillibrand.  I have been following you from the start am I truly believe you're saying.  Keep up the good fight.
But what are you doing by putting down President Trump instead of helping. You make no sense.
But Antifa thugs swinging bats & clubs is okay with you? Good to see your hypocrisy out in the open!
Pls get Trump out of office now
It's beyond time to impeach.
You shouldn't have played identity politics if you didn't want identity politics.
trump isn't the"Leader of the free world"that's currently Angela Merkle.trump is the leader of the confederacy.They tolerate violent racists
No, there are two sides. And as every news report I have seen States both sides came for battle bearing weapons. You are the disgrace madam.
Idk wth you're talking about but Trump condemned both groups. didn't see trump favoring anyone. people like you is why there is racism here.
or violent BLM or violent antifa. All violence is unacceptable


Where are your @GOP colleagues right now? Do they realize that they will go down with him in history's account?
I have to say this: "There is only one side.". Senator Biden was, without any doubt, referring to those of us who are not racist.
Or violent anarchists!!!!   See what I did there. They are all ignorant people. Ignorant and evil isn't the same thing.
Obama did...and much worse...you applauded
There are in fact two sides, both mired in violent tactics & misinformation campaigns. Retract this ignorant statement madam.

Thank you for all your hard work @SenGillibrand
So antifa played no part in the violence? Ask the journalists who were battered.
And Antifa and BLM aren't violent racists?come on ,you are a phony
Prez has been violating the emoluments clause since day one, you can work to get him out. Convince across the aisle we can't afford him.
R u not paying attention to violence in our country (coll campuses)? Radicals on both the left & right r responsible & ppl r tired of it!
REALLY? ONLY one side? You are delusional.
https://goo.gl/dI2aOP  #FridayFeeling Because miaw.
How did you get that wrong? ...re: the Biden quote.
Wish Obama would have felt that way about Ferguson and other cities in the past with violence. Wish there would have been an outcry there.
Learn to listen the Pres said both groups were violent. The white supremacist had a permit BLM SND ANTIFA DIDNT THE POLICE ARE AT FAULT
Everyone needs to repent.
But he IS one. No other explanation needed.
Always proud of my Senator. Out with a public statement before I could even call to ask.
On those armchair virtue signals like Obama after a shooting.
What are u going to do about it?
Thanks for this, Senator. Now please do what you can to get the NY Congressional delegation's unanimous support to #Invokethe25th
IT's TIME to take away the nuclear football then the phone.
Hi Senator, big fan. Can you please start talking about impeachment?
What he said. #gillibrand2020
You're a clown. In what way is he tolerating violence?? Alt left, extreme right, this is years of BS
Wow. Another brain rotted by Fox News.
Your cute.. don't act like you know me.
Don't run for office anymore . You make me ill !
Will you people in DC do something to rid our White House of this impediment please!
why did the federal judge rule the rally could take place after it was canceled by mayor?
Anyone who uses the phrases "Both sides" or "Many sides" is a racist. No doubt! It's a dead giveaway.
The leader of the free world came out strong. Its Angela Merkel
If there are two sides to every story, one  of them must be wrong
Impeach now
Racism is unacceptable on all sides.
Thank you for this statement but it's time to get the perpetrator out of the whitehouse #ImpeachTrump
The leader of the free world does not live in this country. Her name is Angela!
When you get back to the Senate, look your colleagues in the eye. Those that won't lead us back to normal.
"We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented."-Wiesel
What are we going to do about this POTUS because a country divided cannot stand.# If he don't understand he shouldn't be our POTUS.
perhaps you should read the transcript of what he actually said!
