
Demand to have the same health insurance plan that congress has, or that they are restricted to use whatever plan they adopt for us!
What a stupid misleading tweet.
I pay out of pocket right now. Lost all doctors & affordable insurance under Obamacare.
boom
With ACA we get women paying a lot more for their premiums.  @SenGillibrand
Next, mandate that oil changes be paid by car insurance. See what happens to costs. Economic illiterates....
@moiragweigel basic preventive care are condoms you slime
Let's be clear: Prefacing a statement with "Let's be clear" does not make it sound any less ridiculous. #ACA  #SaveACA
sorry no free abortions for you @CecileRichards keep your legs crossed
why how many have you had? @Doobydoobydo @CecileRichards
how does this response make sense? someone says taxes dont pay for them, and you ask why? ....because....they dont?
because everything comes out of Obamas pocket
Well....I don't want to pay for abortions
Abortion is not an even questionable option.
Yes! That's how it works! That's EXACTLY how money works!
You support the murdering of unborn children, 2 bad your parents didnt have your same core values. #Trump #TrumpInaugural
I actually got mine meds free before ACA and now I have to pay.  Not completely against it but it needs changes
@faobobindc the  republican i mean #TraitorousParty doesnt care, all our calling them out will fall on deaf ears
denounce Margaret sanger you http://hypocrit.you  are a sick http://women.you  know why planned parenthood was created.
because IUDS and abortions are TOTALLY basic women's health rights..........heres an idea, close ur legs

@SenGillibrand How the Hell did a majority of white women vote against Hillary?
and?
Illness doesn't prevent CAPS!
2011:DX w/#kidneycancer; 2013:DX w/#Lupus(Daily Meds/Mthly Infusion); 2014:DX w/#pituitarytumor+#brainsurgery. CAPS don't stop illness! #ACA https://twitter.com/ajbraywrites/status/819788311950598145 …
@SheWhoVotes GOP doesn't consider birth control important part of women's healthcare. 
@Steve_Jake right Takeaway birth control, then when she gets pregnant force her to have a baby. Brilliant plan!
Here's a novel concept- pay for your own birth-control don't put that responsibility on me
If too poor to afford birth control, You'll just pay later when they can't afford dr care, food etc
Too poor? For cable TV? Smart phone? Automobile ?Alcohol? Drugs?
Painting poor with a broad brush. Why are you against helping to stop kids being born into poverty?
Agree-check ups, PAP, & birth control empowers all women to become educated productive citizens-society benefits
So that makes the families being priced out of insurance okay??
I support Affordable Care-that is the main point.
why should I pay more so you can get that shit for free? Don't #SavetheACA!
You will pay more when sick resort to care at ER.  Who do you think pays for public hospitals?
We were all paying less before the ACA. @MDBishop82 @PatrickArnold77 @CecileRichards
Get your facts right & stop lying. ACA will be REPLACED & will be better, save money while providing greater access. #MAGA
Lets be clear, you do not have an Obamacare plan. I have $16k/yr in payments and $9k deductible. See any prob w/this #moron
that is what this whole administration is going to do,  set us back 20 years.Horrible and he is unfit
Does basic care include abortions?
Serious question: What's wrong with women paying for it rather than getting a handout? Isn't that empowering? #ACA
let's be clear were the 1st words out of BO's mouth when he lied repeatedly about plans and docs. Remember that genius?
please stop because you sound like a fool. Preventative care was covered before the ACA and will be covered after its gone
@SenGillibrand DO NOT HELP THEM THEY REPEAL THEY REPLACE!  PERIOD END OF SENTENCE
pretty blanket statement and completely untrue
I prefer going back to time when women couldn't vote

I do believe this is called "being hoisted on your own petard." (LOL)》》》
https://www.google.com/amp/s/bc.marfeel.com/amp/www.nationalreview.com/corner/443489/obamacare-repeal-through-reconciliation-what-goes-around-comes-around?client=ms-android-sprint-us …
If you r against abortion then birth control should be free# hypocrisy
I'm terrified
we must fight them every step of the way! A high school pregnancy makes her and her child more likely to live in poverty
@LoriSums so sad.
What is free?You accept ins. charge card,cash.Do you give free care to homeless women? Con artist
.@CecileRichards @SenGillibrand Wromen have choice: 13,500 Federally funded community health care clinics provide all women's services n/c.
And why are taxpayers paying for Viagra?
@CecileRichards @deejay90192
@SenGillibrand I pay out of pocket now. But then again I'm a man so who cares, right?
it's bullshit
it goes back to the day the people of color died young
With no funding for Planned Parent many women will be without health care. Mean & stingy tactics.
men use @PPact too 
U are so right.
So you mean like men do?  Christ, sexists much?
@DavidCornDC @SenWarren @eileendefreest  @CecileRichards @Or4Now The choice between home & food or medical. Very civilized.
Let's be clear--#CecileRichards is guilty of mass murder--similarly to Nazi's. Every PP office is a death camp.
he said take America back to grestness. Well that was when men ruled and women were nothing. We going backwards with T.
Women should pay their own way--along with everyone else. You use women like whores, for your own profit and murder agenda.
I don't think that this one is only going to hit women.
why not just donate another $38,000,000 to Hillary the con...  ¿compris?
It is also a vote that would allow for Americans to be able to afford hc if they so choose. @CecileRichards @SenGillibrand
@SenGillibrand right.... the dem way is not. My way. Look familiar?? Oh yea the OBAMA effect
@DeirdreLHall lol, ok... 
abortion is hardly 'preventative' care. #AbortPP
@SenGillibrand Obamacare is dead. Get ready to fund yourself PP
@SteveKingIA on NPR #AllThingsConsidered  said poor people should have bought insurance before they got sick
2 Hey @SteveKingIA how does a baby born with juvenile diabetes arrange for insurance from the womb .. thoughts?
3 I can't even anymore with these old hateful white fucks ...
good. Insurance is for high cost events, not buying aspirin. And quit killing babies & selling their bodies #femaleHitler
@SenGillibrand  this seems sexist
. Buy your own pills, condoms, & diaphragms.
#FinanceMySexLifeNot
Better than paying for it out of my pocket.
So I get 2 work all year so I can pay $5,000 more in healthcare costs? Wiped out any salary increase I earned. Thks Obama.
@SenGillibrand OMG YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THINGS?!
shouldnt everyone pay out of their pocket for basic preventative care?  We'd all come out ahead if we did.
THIS, from self-avowed baby slayer & parts dealer. Let's be VERY clear: Repeal of the ACA doesn't impact damn thing.
uh huh..
Going to the grocery store now..  Paying out of pocket, for my basic food care needs..  Not such a crazy concept, right?
No shit Sherlock. Like the horror of paying for your own clothes.
women demand the gov n men stay out of their uteruses... so why should anyone subsidise their contraception/abortifacients?
How can you say "Let's be clear" ? Lets be clear you are flat out lying & you probable dont believe that. #SaveACA
@VoteNov2016 they also what to get rid of planned parenthood at the same time
Oh, the horrors of the first term of the Obama administration!
or not. A person's health care is their issue  as an individual. Not up to the state.
I already do. Apparently, I am too poor for Obama care. Imagine that. Yes, such a thing does exist in Obama's America.
Wrong
"OMG I shouldn't be paying for my own med bills because I'm entitled to your tax money!" You'll survive, miss. #KillACA
@SenGillibrand Let's be clear your team lost!!!!!!
Let's be clear, you should pay for your OWN care...
That sounds fair to mez
This is ridiculous.
#prevenntivecare .. codeword for #abortion
garbage - I have to pay now - more than I did 8 years ago - #RepealACA
# of insured has increased by 25mil since ACA. Ins cos were increasng premiums faster BEFORE ACA. Repeal & ur costs skyrocket
My costs skyrocketed under ACA ... didn't save me 2500 ... pay triple for less ... #RepealACA
Are you on an Obamacare plan? Who is your insurer, if I can ask? Reality is insurers have been hiking rates b4 ACA...
I can't afford Obamacare .are you joking ..I have a plan through my employer ... rates weren't hiked near as much under Bush or Clinton ...
Well u may get your wish if they repeal; my fear is costs will not go down & many will die if they lose coverage. We'll see.
Please people are dying now because they can't afford to go to their doctors .. I had to cut back my apts co pay was 5 before ACA now 75
@SenGillibrand oh my god say its not so you would have to be responsible for yourself? How barbaric lol
i'm so sad for you.. just kidding!! I'm so happy that Trump is defunding PP!!! That's GREAT!
it's also going back to the day where PPO didn't cost $350 per month
Says the butcher who kills babies for profit and sells their body parts
Yes You get basic preventative care, but deductibles are so high if you are sick, you can't afford the treatment. #SaveACA NOT!!!!
geez you are  rather uninformed. Do some research please.
@sengillibrand  You have no idea what's in a replacement plan. You r Dem scare tactic.  Very boring!
@SenGillibrand what about all the reproductive healthcare services MEN receive from #ACA? Those aren't important? #humanism
And going back to when it was affordable for anything else. BO care has to go!
which is a good thing
wow, imagine that, expecting women to actually be responsible for themselves.
and, they will put your grandmother in a wheelchair and throw her off a cliff!!!! It's terrible
This differs on a state by state basis-let's understand that preventative was covered 100% in some states b4 #ACA-like PA
Just say it lady, to prevent pregnancy and birth! Don't beat around the subject!
liar
@StottCitizen @AskROTObaseball @Bethanie4Real . Meanwhile, TrumpTrolls supported a candidate who sexually assaulted 12 women
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
stop making everything a woman's issue
preventive care?good I don't want to pay for your abortions
WHY IS THAT A FCKEN PROBLEM? You need care, you go work to pay for it! If you're disabled, the gov't helps. If not, oh well.
Actually back to days of "choice" where women can pay directly for services or purchase insurance coverage that covers them.
newsflash, most women already do pay out of pocket for "basic preventative care."  Personal responsibility.
I go 2 my county Health Dept. Birth control is free. No abortion offered there but they do give u free condoms.Male & female
birth control  is  not  a  right 
so are men dropping dead by the droves because they don't have a PP counterpart?  Are men not affected by ACA repeal?
Wrong. They still have to pay for it. Insurance isn't free.
another liberal idiot. Can't see. Does not understand
@ConstanceWu that's sounds really good
let's be clear. Some things you have to pay for yourself.
I'm amazed by the number of people I've encountered knowingly voting against their self-interest to avoid helping others.
I have an 8k deductible so please tell me why im not paying out of pocket?
Who cares that got a free pap when I didn't have DIME contributed toward every other expense including my pneumonia! 

Here's some clarity.Public health departments offer every service @PPact does with only exception,they don't kill babies!
this!  Let's funnel the funds for PP into public health departments for screening and preventative care!
because if Obamacare my out of pocket increases $3000 a year. It's not even worth having insurance now
Had ACA been implemented totally from day 1 including all healthy young people and union workers it might have had a chance
most plans already covered preventive care
yes YOU pay for it out of YOUR pocket, not out of mine or someone else.   Poor baby liberal, having to take responsibility.
Isn't it reasonable for all people to pay for their own basic preventative care? If not, who should pay for someone else?
my insurance always covered mine.  Health dept birth control pills were free.
where does the money come from for the sky high premiums? Do you not keep it in a pocket.
I shouldn't be covering your birth control. Get a job pay for it yourself. Men don't ask taxpayers to pay for our rubbers.
and?  What's wrong with that? I paid for mine. Why should I be forced to pay for someone else's
I still have to pay out of pocket & my insurance premium is higher than it was before. It doesn't work.
and/or depending upon men 2 take care of them..which is what's at play here, taking our independence 1 brick at a time
I thought you said lets be clear?
it's called personal responsibility
oh that's horrible! How dare the government make people pay for their own stuff! #sarcasm
PP monies to dry up. PP president throws in her $0.2.
Oh my god! How dare anyone think women are adults who are capable of providing for themselves. #Sexist
Trust me, A vote for YOU was a sad day for Women!
Wow. One people separated by a common language.
. Such B.S
If #ACA so needed, @CecileRichards, why have @PPact at all? Isn't women's health covered already?
parts of the ACA, like this one, must be kept. Get rid of high deductibles/premiums. Killing us
.@CecileRichards 

My formerly AFFORDABLE HSA was made UNAFFORDABLE by the "AFFORDABLE CARE ACT"
my ins went up 20 percent since Obama care. Kill it
I pay more out of pocket now with obummer care then I did before #Aca became a tax
And we can thank all the white women that voted for him! #VoteAgainstYourInterests #ComradeTrump #PEEOTUS
Lame
Let's be clear: You're fear mongering.
Cecile, I need to eat this week.  How much will ~you~ subsidize my grocery bill this week?  I need basic food care....  TY
You mean a repeal would mean it hurt your bottom line.
total lie
No, it means more funding for clinics that offer more than referrals and preg tests to cover lie of 3% abortion rate.
.@CecileRichards Why cant we talk about #BigIdeas like making #BirthControl over the counter. It's safe and could Improve access for poor.
this!  Real solutions for real people, not social soap boxes!
Everything beyond a catastrophe is now out of pocket. Who is Richards talking to?
WORSE: it is when a Republic becomes "the Koch Brothers' Nation."
Grown women paying their own way?  Barbarism, I tell you.  Damn barbarism.
Let's be clear you don't know that as fact that's just your opinion
Unless your middle class and you have $10K deductible...Pay $800/mo for insurance & out of pocket for all healthcare costs.
Most ACA policy deductibles are so high most families would be at bankruptcy before it kicked in. Now the IRS will collect.
As it should be. Pay your own bills, damnit, and quit demanding others do it for you.
So in the "new days" personal accountability is irrelavant?
The ACA took a simple $75 cash transaction for a Dr's visit and pap smear and turned it into $850
And you know that how? Have you seen the new plan? No. Scare tactics. ACA will be repealed. Go get your Kleenex.
$700 later I had my "free" yearly check up. Smh
the best yet! equal rights, so equal pay out of pocket for all is your solution?
The UCs in Cali r charging 18 yr old women a MANDATORY $4500/yr for health insurance because of ACA why do u hate 18 yr olds
the care they can't afford now? #obamacare
Many more women's health org's that provide basic preventative care than PP. Community Health centers on rise. It will be ok
You know, like men do.
right?!?  This is what I think of every time I see this "but women are gonna die" argument!
they pay to get their hair and nails done- why not basic care and BC Pills
men do to lol, so what
@NARAL Cecil is worried about her salary and lifestyle. I am so happy to see so many blast this crook.
What's wrong with paying your bills?
