writing to urge you to support progressive policies ! Thanks for your public service and for being transparent!
This woman murdered and tortured a man.  she spoke at your march.  you support this?   I am asking a honest question
I organized almost 300 women in my county who are now writing, calling, and sharing the issues daily!
can you please explain to me what the march was all about
to get your attention A couple of million people saying this is NOT okay Not targeted at GOP or DNC but a worldwide rejection
yeah @Madonna got my attention when she told people to fuck off. Is Negative attention good?
if that's all you got from it seems like you're not REALLY asking
let's go over it. Concerns equal pay- i for one didn't know women wasn't paid equally,pro choice concerned? Why? Gay marriage?
for me the march was about healthcare- making sure I kept mine despite my pre existing condion
has @POTUS said anything about taking away your health care? AHC cost my family around 13k a year. W/3500D. It's out of hand
there are faith leaders speaking out on these issues and working together to bring change to communities.  With you.
Thank you for opposing DeVos. Her agenda is not public education and she has no credentials to advance education in US.
FIGHT the DaPL and Keystone XL!!! We do not need to deepen the pockets of some at the health expense of many!
Attending our county democratic women's mtg tonight with my 76 yo mom <3 #resist
I stood outside your NYC office and spoke to your staff about your being undecided about unqualified Betsy DeVos!
Please please come meet with us in Brooklyn and tell us what to do!  We are ready to work hard in any way we can.
I vote against every crazy democrat & #boycotthollywood because I saw a lot of crazy women at the  #womensMarch
it was a sight to see Calm and resolute determined and diverse. No vitriol or aggressiveness You could have learned from it
Learned 2 wear a Big vagina on my head or how 2 use vulgar dirty language NO thanks
Lighthearted takes on protecting vaginas from grabbers and women's health deniers are only dirty to those who choose to see that
More disgusting & vulgar than anything #presidenttiTrump ever said
Wdn't hold my breath waiting for @SenGillibrand to endorse THIS women's march, @foodlover1958
Visited @SenTedCruz @tedcruz Houston office 1/24 to give my opinion about ACA repeal. Ended up getting escorted out by police
@daeneryasss
subscribed to NY Times and Washington Post.  Must keep this administration accountable.  It was a great march!
I want to be part of ur 2020 run for president!
, was in DC but back in CLE ... signed up 4 all I can do.  Have clipboard will canvass. #notmypresident #StillWithHer #HRCle
donate a small amount to each dem candidate running for election in 2018 starting with you We need 2 put r $ where r mouths r
The question is what are YOU going to do? We want Trump impeached before any longterm damage done to environment/rights.
Also bought Rev. Barber's book "Third Reconstruction" #resist
signed up at http://SwingLeft.org  to turn more communities blue.
that's the problem.  you look at a community and see the color red or blue.  Americans see their neighbors. #ProudAmerican
the election is over but #betterlatethannever. Nothing like losing both houses and the presidency to wake up the complacent.
I've committed to #WomensMarch  10 actions in 100 days!  http://Womensmarch.com 
I was at your NY office today in freezing rain with hundreds of others. Please #ResistTrump #resisttrumptuesday
#TrumpTaxesMarch
I called your office. Twice 
Following your lead! Making phone calls, sending letters, and donating to @PPact and @ACLU_WA ! Participating in dialogues!
#NoDAPL #NoDAPL
started out trying to engage w/out vitriol with some detractors here They aren't interested ..do you have any suggestions?
Trump is a monster he signed of on the pipeline project
I've signed up to volunteer with the NY democratic committee @nydems
Calling/emailing senators, volunteering at Planned Parenthood. Trying to mobilize/feeling thwarted, tho.
Stopped by your office today with a bunch of other activist moms to register our horror at Devos. We stand behind you! #fight
I read your book and everyone else should, too!
Calling your office over and over again. We need you to vote NO on @BetsyDeVos
How about standing up for education and taking a stand against DeVos? Public school students & teachers will thank you.
Please vote NO on DeVos - extremely unqualified.
Call & write to you w/my - but feel like I'm wasting my time bc we're thinking along the same lines, Ty!
Joining a local Indivisible group.  Be seeing you!
Joining my local Democratic clubs to help effect change locally.
Great job dividing the country. #liberalismisamentaldisorder
I will spend my days getting to know my community, volunteering for local candidates, and learning as much as I can to fight.
Calling your office at least once a week, though you're already doing everything that's important. Thank you.
Glad to see that one of the things you are doing, @SenGillibrand, is refusing to approve the nominations of terrible leaders. Thank you!
tell us what you want us to do! #1actaday
Trying to reach your office to ask you to please vote NO on DeVos (but I can't get through!!)
sending you, @schumer_chuck and @RepYvetteClarke postcards of #whyIMarch preaching to the choir, but the choir needs help!
we are vigilant everyday now what about that gag rule?  Can you go on mass media and discuss it?
I've an idea: run for president.
Speak to my Senators and Congresspeople about what is acceptable.
created a Facebook group for friends who are taking action, new twitter account and following indivisible ideas.  More 2 come
watching Fox News.
keeping an eye on proposed bills, marking critical vote dates. Need to make calls. Help anyone thinking of running campaign.
I'm writing to you for starters. We gave you a powerful mandate. We're behind you. Be intrepid, don't back down, we love you!
Wonder how many tons less does this world weigh? Oh well Tuesday rolled around now we are twice as heavy...
can someone please tell me what rights have been taken from women???
how about this @ecdems
MORE action??? Uhhhhh what action was already taken?? That was actually positive, helpful, productive, & classy???
yea, the beginning of the failure
battered mothers have been at the Whitehouse every mother day being ignore. I suspect this year will be no different.


how do democrats support inbred muslim immigration when they force women to be separate & unequal and child marriage? how???
here is the lead march organizer supporting Isis. Islam and womens rights cannot coexist
they well can return and clean the mess #WomensMarch
for one I'm going to keep calling you to make sure you represent me! (Thanks, btw) But also calling your colleagues daily
I called you and Senator Schumer and used your contact forms when couldn't get through. I feel great!  Thank you.
applying to join my community board in upper Manhattan!
I called you today to voice concerns about Betsy DeVos!
What are our doing to seperate yourself from the filthy mouth celebrities?
Those "celebrities". Or so called- were a disgrace and none of you have condemned them. But I am sure you would have for Hillary
Admiring your heroism. #resist
We are standing with Trump!
I will pick up a phone and #grabaclipboard. I will keep saying yes to volunteering for candidates and issues.
Keep watching the videos from the event for entertainment purposes while trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with the left.
My family committed to donating $10 a month to 10 organizations that support human rights
I'll be contributing $10/month to 10 organizations that can help those who stand to be most affected by Trump. Please do the same & retweet.
hi Senator! I'm from Syracuse NY and I don't know where to start! Suggestions?
asking you to not confirm Betsy DeVos!!!
I'm going to call at least 1 elected official every Friday to request support for specific issues. #PhoneCallFridays
Hopefully you continue to wear disgusting hats and yell more foul things because that doesn't make women look crazy. #setback
I'd call my congresspeople, but you're already fighting for all the right things. (I emailed instead.)
Doesn't need to be a top down movement. I was at DC #WomensMarch & on the bus home we were planning our own steps forward.
I am coming to your office tomorrow to IMPLORE you to vote against Betsy De Vos as Secretary of Education.
Calling my Senators, Congressman good & bad, acting locally, thinking globally. Keep doing your part, we'll do ours.Thank you
I marched but now I don't know what to do! Living in NYC, you and my other reps are on it. Suggestions?
run for president
I'm sorry, I. Reading all these responses, and it's like seeing a turtle on its back trying to turn back over, so adorable!
support the ACLU won't do much, but it sure gives the CEO a huge paycheck
more marches, more protest, more complaining. I think a couple more, and Trump will feel bad. A bad bad man! Haha
I'm running for office
Please don't support Betsy DeVos. Why are you still undecided? Leave her to the grizzly bear and don't let her near our kids.
Binghamton March was amazing. Holding Tenney's feet to the fire. Ramping up my own local activism. Women get shit done.
calling all MOC on each committee. this provides info & scripts: https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B8Gf0r50LqhCWl9xZUJZbE5vNE0/edit?filetype=msexcel#TheResistance … #standindivisible
I'm attending my representative's town hall for the first time.  Oh, and calling my senators every day ; )
Not sure, help!
Your address was great. Proud to be a New Yorker. Please continue to resist. You are going to hear from me every week.
#MAGA Progressives lost and continuing to whine won't change it.
I applied for jobs with NYC and state offices; I'd rather work for you.
Please vote no one DeVos in support of public education
NO to @BetsyDeVos and Sessions!
You must not support Betsy DeVos for secretary of education. She is wrong for public education!
#womensmarch joined @LWV @LWVMD, became a Voter Registration Volunteer,  joined Team VA10 @swingleftorg
I certainly support your 1st Ammendment rights to protest for redress of your grievances. Looking forward to the men's march.
well you should expect a lot of postcards for one thing!
lol right
I am joining the League of Women Voters and Becoming an active Blue Dot in a sea of Red.
thank you for protesting the nomination of Betsy DeVos! She is completely unqualified
Thank you for supporting #7in10forRoe and the #womensmarch - now please vote NO on #BetsyDeVos ! She is unqualified.
.@SenGillibrand I'm begging my elected representatives (you, @SenSchumer, @RepMaloney) to do everything possible to stop DeVos & Sessions.

Urging you and @SenSchumer to obstruct the Trump administration in every possible way!!!
same as most of these posts - calling you and schumer regularly, donating $$ to like minded action groups, signing petitions.
I've been pondering this regarding my football team, West Bromwich Albion!
Thanks for everything you are doing. I've emailed my senators (you!) & rep Faso anti Betsy DeVos. I pledge something daily.
Give to progressive causes, make phone calls, organize with my neighbors, support free press
I am calling my congressman to express my opposition to HR 7
Exposing to the world how hypocritical, divisive and ideologically totalitarian the organizers of these marches truly are.
I'm really asking - what are next steps?  What is first goal?  What can we do to contribute?    I'm lost as to what's next...
I just heard you haven't decided on DeVos yet- I'm surprised. please vote no!
#StandUpForLindaSarsour
I've been trying to reach your office to urge you to say no to DeVos. No luck so far, but counting on you.
Thank You for being a champion for all of us. You work does not go unnoticed or unappreciated. 
laughing at the failed march lololol
laughing at the failed match lololol
Hoping to convince you not to vote to confirm Betsy DeVos
Swinging the House Left in 2018! @swingleftorg #SwingtheHouse2018 #SwingLeft
I called your office today, that's what! Though with you, Schumer, & Lowey, I'm basically preaching to the choir...
Donald Trump is changing our language We need vocabulary of resistance Michelle Moyd & Yuliya Komska http://tinyurl.com/jx2ehy2 

Looking into Organizing For Action fellowship training
We're having a letter writing dinner this Friday, you'll be getting them soon!
Very well said. Obviously these women don't get enough attention at home so they have to go out in public. SAD
tried to contact you, but calls not going thru. Pls fight hard 4 us! Vote No on cabinet noms, Yes to IMPEACH ASAP
http://smallstonesedu.wordpress.com 
I tried looking up the ny state 2017 election calendar today so I can keep informed on all elections, but isn't published yet
I'm going to call you and @SenSchumer tomorrow
Been talking to a lot of people, WW all need to consistently include BW and POC in our language & thought. Will you help?
I'll act via https://www.wearenewyorkvalues.org/  & calling u, @SenSchumer, @EspaillatNY & keeping an eye on media
I called my Senators today to ask them not to confirm DeVos for Sec. of Edu
postcards phone calls tweets.  PLEASE what else would you like to see??  Ready! #RESISTANCE
Tell your Representative and Senators to support Keith Ellison for DNC chair, vote in 2018 and vote in the 2020 primaries!
joined local Indivisible Group. Helping organize future marches.  Contacted my Rep. Lance to vote no on HR 7. What r u doing?
so what has Donald trump that has caused so much hate?
purged my twitter "following" network and replacing with politicians on both sides of the aisle. Just step 1!
contacting your office as well as @SenSchumer & my Rep @RepJerryNadler every day to voice my concerns about DT and the GOP
You must refuse to work with Trump and filibuster his SCOTUS nominee until he releases his tax returns!
Calling your office A LOT. Apologies in advance.
@nysut Why are you tolerating Betsy Devos?
Called yr office to thank you for your vote on Mattis and ask you to vote no on Sessions b/c he is a threat to voting rights
Thinking about running for office. Got any advice?
WOMEN IN MARCH R PUTTING THEIR HEADS IN THEIR TOILET BOWELS AND THEN FLUSHING HARD WHILE SCREAMING HURRAY 4 TRUMP 
DO SAME
your number is now on speed dial, along with my other reps, so I can continue to make my voice heard.  Thank you!
vote no on Tillerson and work to reach across the aisle too! international relations is a women's issue! I'm a constituent!
Yes! I'm doing these:
calling my reps, joining the @LWVNYC, going to more protests!
Ignoring #WomensMarch& liberal politicians.  Watching football w my husband, not because I have to, but because I LOVE IT!
Laughing my ass off at Judd's poem. O man. Just awesome way to show how fucking nuts Liberals have become #womensmarch
we desperately want to put in the work to better the world, but its such a struggle to find the path. dems should be on that
what are YOU doing? you have a bigger platform than i do. bring attention to causes. give us easy ways to volunteer.
just organized a group of women in my town to meet with one goal being making sure @RepKathleenRice keeps house seat
today #mutemonday ..we can make a diff NOW .. Tom. my pink hat &running shoes!! #weStandUnited #WeWontGoBack #resistance
called you and Sen Schumer today. Picking up my paperwork to run for my district's Board of Education this week.
Opening up @Tinder to find some #THOT s #WomensMarch
this coming from @SenGillibrand,  one who hates r Constitution and freedoms - another #fakesocialist.
How about just doing your job....folks like you are why nobody trusts politicians.
maybe next #WomensMarch should take on Islamic FGM, forced marriage, stoning? These are real issues, but you're too cowardly!
amen. They go after the silly issues to give the illusion that they're actually doing something that matters.
liberals are a bunch of useless white genocide promoters.
I'm making at least a call a day M-F to Congress Reps #smallacts follow my feed to keep me accountable!
Volunteering with the @NYCLU
Emailed my congressman Tom Reed regarding my concerns. Called 202-225-3121 could not get through. Will not stop trying.
Startin with postcards. Brief and to the point. Here are some handy ideas! https://www.womensmarch.com/100/ 
@TuesdaysToomey showing up every Tuesday @SenToomey office until we r heard! He turned off phones and locked us out! Sad!
I called your office to say no on Devos.  Then joined swingleft to help my congressional district for 2018.
Go ahead KiKi and keep voting against everything Trump proposes. New York is watching.
@GravityDynamic 

Not vtng 4 corporatist Dems like u & others!  Wait til '18 when we vote 4 3rd party & ur corrupt asses out!
Well, first I need to be able to walk w/o soreness again. Then, I'm calling my Democratic Committee headquarters to help.
calling you and asking you not to confirm Tillersons nomination
What do you need from us right now?
I will continue to pressure you to be more outspoken & bullish, among other things!  Thx for marching!! #NODeVos!
Donating to groups on the front lines, writing to my reps, volunteering & hopefully volunteering on your 2018 campaign!
Could have been really special. Instead prolife women & conservative women were banned. Once again the intolerant left. SAD
supporting the @ACLU @PPact and writing letters to all my reps! #letskeepgoing!
on board w/10 Actions for first 100 days campaign at http://womensmarch.com  ..postcards in the mail to you & @SenSchumer
I constantly nagging Senators and Congress people. And I watch news all day.
Continue to protect women's rights and those rights of Mother Nature.   We need significant action on climate.  Times up!
I renewed my @ACLU membership, donated even more money to @PPact, plus I keep writing to you and @SenSchumer!
Donating to RAINN, to help victims of sexual assault
Heading to Our States Capital Thursday. Why do they hate women? Global Gag Rule? They must be stopped!
