and yet they want to force women to have babies they then fully abandon.
Force ? Cause you can’t afford a fifty cent condom   If you don’t have a job you get Medicaid which is better than my insurance
(2) Married coworker has good ins, had a baby with severe complications from birth.
That’s good mine is so expensive some were winners some were losers ACA not a solution that’s sustainable
Was never meant to be! Was supposed to start the conversation as a first step to getting people insurance instead of losing their homes!
And left a lot of people unable to afford insurance and neither party will do a damn thing
Agreed but ACA was supposed to be just a start to conversation! Not the end result! Healthcare should be a right! But not priority for U.S.!
They snuck ACA thru without even reAding it both sides suck
My child needs every bit of coverage - i have private insurance and the bills keep coming ! Help!
Middle class here my insurance is nuts but no subsidies 
We are in trouble! it is going to give insurance the run way to charge what they want when they want.
Aca never controlled costs
I getting sick of your hollier than thou replays - give us a list of what trumps done 2 ACA that makes health care better or more affordable
Exactly what we are looking for! We need affordable insurance I have a special needs child I have private ins therefore I need to keep it
Unfortunately the Republicans will not only give Ins. co’s the right 2 charge what ever they want but Medicare, Medicare & SS will B slashed
They already charge what they want ACA had no cost control not sure why you think that
What about my children who as a middle class person I can’t afford the six thousand dollar deductibles for ?
Themselves. Most cong. members think of only themselves. This is the only system we have, and it’s broken, &is in serious need of fixing
It’s unaffordable I’m in debt because of it
Most serve themselves then whoever pays with donation! Need to have govt funded elections limited to a few months! Then Congress can work!
Chief Boyce/Reznick chief of misogyny 1 credible Weinstein victim translates victims do not come forward! Racist Misogynist corrupt
Are senators Steph allowed to kidnap teenagers our senators staff allowed to kidnap teenagers sexually prey aka rape not get fired? O’Neill, Boyce Resign Pay to Rape DA Cy Resigb
James O’Neill, Reznick, Boyce protect Blue Wall of Corruption detectives violating protocol w/ supervisors preventing Victims from reporting crimes I have audios, video , DD5s NYPD IA proof crimes
Any congressmen who go along with trumps dumb plan cares nothing for the poor or middle-class it does not matter if u are a Dem or Repub.
Republican's are serving Trump & themselves that's a given. Look at their voes & cruel brutal inhumane legilation HC & let CHIP exp??
https://twitter.com/ElliotCBoose74/status/924969562910707714 … I emailed this to you this morning also.
https://tmblr.co/Z9YDTn2RUfl3s 
trumps administration is going down in history as the worst in american history known for hurting the weakest americans only.
So many members of Congress are not working for the people. Thank you for fulfilling your duties to the people!!

I'd say the rich
Your high income tax state can’t take care of children. 
I live in a zero income tax state & we take care of children
You’re the problem
Simplistic nastiness doesnt help.  Children in USA deprived of Health care is on all of us.  At least on all who have a conscience.
Not nasty stating fact. NV collects indigent health care fee on my property tax bill. If your state can’t prioritize then vote Dems out.
You live in a country.  Your own health care, education, environment are only protected by Dems.  FOX propaganda to the contrary, of course.
Repubs callously rushing to remove free education, health care, environmental protections. These are facts, tho not found on FOXBreitbart.
Where is any of that in the US Constitution? You may be in the wrong country. Has that ever occurred to you?
Taxpayers, that’s who. Besides, health ins is not the same as health care if you can’t afford premiums, deductibles and copays.
If I have no money to spare, I can't support your side.
This speaks poorly of our social contract. We are a harsh country.
agree
http://youtu.be/_VXAGw6FMOE  hottest under the sun @RocNation @DefJamRecords @Interscope @CTEWorld
The Constitution, not feel-good emotional BS. Show me in the Constitution where healthcare or insurance is a right.
How about the preamble, "promote the general welfare"? Your welfare and mine are not worth much without the "well".
Kochs and Mercers. 
#UniteBlue2018
#ResistFascism
All trump police's are to help rich only all trump's got for the middle-class and poor is lot more lies like the ones he's been telling us!!
They are servicing themselves and dont care about kids if they truly cared no kid would be without health  care trump is a pure lier .
hello
Paul Ryan can not do anything for anyone else they are rich He only works for the 1 precent
Boy that's the truth
Senator you take note to the health care field, I take note to the creative thinking model. The Fourth Industrial Revolution demand them.
Then why didn't you back @SenSanders when he was running with his platform of #MedicareForAll  Stop trying to convince us you care.
They're delusional and obviously don't care about the vulnerable
The donor class.  Not citizens!
Complete hypocrite, you use the term "vulnerable children" at your own political discretion, as if unborn children aren't "vulnerable", sad.

“Under Trump, Made in America Is Losing Out to #RussianSteel” #Keystone https://twitter.com/crewcrew/status/923354774245961729 …
I wonder who your serving when you push the vote to kill babies. And your worried about children?  Hypocrites!
This would serve America Well to have this movie Redone TODAY! Individualism Vs Parasites!
I'm already paying a 9.23 % surcharge on my my medical bills.  How much more blood do u want from this rock senator?
NYDN gives Rape Victim Cy Vance helped press but covers up email 2012 to NYDN Cy Vance NYPD blow off Rape victims 
http://cyvanceonetermda.blogspot.com/2017/10/2012-joanna-molloy-nydn-and-me-sent.html …
Thank you, and please help our kids enjoy better healthcare in NY by fighting the IDC. Why? Let Edie Falco explain.
IDC=Republicans in Democrats' clothes, turn NY Senate from blue to red. Learn to fight this outrage. Watch & share! https://www.thecreativeresistance.us/noidc  
Layoff the drugs. We’re moving out of NY because you and the other clowns! BYE. TRUMP. MAGA.
Ive been researching!
FYI - the people running the #WomensConvention haven't said a word about CHIP.
Anyone else find it troubling @womensmarch hasn't tweeted once re: #CHIP? 

#BoycottWomensConvention 
If you had 100 to pay would you rather pay the doc or send  it to Fed, state & insurance company to each take a piece before paying doc
#HowDoYouExplain the
#MassiveIncrease in
#CongressionalDebtAbuse
#SinceYouGotThere ?
Because they support @POTUS 's efforts to let Obamacare die! @SenateGOP need to ask the people have in their own healthcare!
The people who paid for your campaign?
You are serving yourself,  Congressman.
Good question.

This one’s easy! The Koch brothers.
Dammit, forgot about the Mercers. More complicated than originally thought.
If you're not willing to renew health ins for vunerable children you certainly don't have the right to call yourself pro-life.
The Gun Lobby, I guess?
Seems like that whole “family values” and “protecting children” was a lie to get votes
Why the 1% of course!
Who are you serving? You've turned your back on thousands of your retired constituents! https://www.delphisalariedretirees.org/delphi/ 
Certainly not the poorest Americans!
"Good one, Kirsten!  Washingon Post next, please."
