Length of time on the drug is what needs to be corrected. How do they let people stay on the drug for years?
McCain doesn't give a shit about anybody but himself.  Are you kidding me?
Because new laws fix everything.
Are you cool with me doing #boycottisrael ? Which magically isn't trending anymore?
You are going after the FDA?? Wow, big move. You go for it!! Re-vamp the FDA!!
If that were the root cause of it, I would support you. Unfortunately it isn't, so try again.
More legislation to further the pain of those truly in need. You're a mess lady.
Oh please.
Which hopefully won't limit availability to ppl w/ #chronicpain or #chronicillness who need opiate Rxs and don't abuse them. #palliative
I am in agreement with your concern. Some surgical procedures warrant use of opioids in follow up care. Hip, knee,and spine surg. 4 example.
I have ME/CFS and FMS, and have needed these "serious" painkillers at times. My mom has a disease that attacks her spine & needs them daily.
My  felt empathy 2 you & your mother.Let's hope the law does not restrict those truly in need.
mccain should be forever shunned.
If you understood quality program you would not jump to the root cause until you truly used the process to validate.  "Over-Prescription "
So U going after MIC CIA druglords? Great now US soldiers in Afghanistan can quit guarding the poppie fields?
This is the second poorly thought out bill you're co-sponsoring in a week, Senator. As much as I support you as a constituent, I'm concerned
What plans do you have to help people who are already addicted? You know they'll turn to black market. Then what? Mass incarceration is what
Ppl need social system support,educ,jobs,transpo, infrastructure investment. America needs another visionary& pragmatic FDR-style NewDeal.
related:Neither Gillibrand nor Schumer repudiated drumpfs remarks about NY North country
ANSWER: Politicians being bought by Pharmaceutical and Health Care Industry. #LegalizeMarijuana
Politicians involved in the drug ratlines. Watch George Webb on You Tube for who's involved.
we're guarding the poppy fields in Afghanistan where the heroin comes from .. like Reagan and cocaine/crack all over again
Please urge him to vote no on MTP. #SaveACA
If you're not on board with this, we're not on board with you:
Strong correlation is sad state of MainStAmerica's lives. Downward trend since Reagan continues, & establishment  Dems ignore it/lip service
DEMS STOP PROJECTING YOUR MORALS ONTO PEOPLE WHO HAVE NONE. GOP WILL SCREW U EVERYTIME
Did that happen under ACA? So u agree the ACA needs some fixing? See how rep. are working with u? Go do ur job and fix the whole system.
@SenGillibrand Anti-Boycott Act (S. 720) going to make all your constituents know, their representative is supporting suppression.
How about your support of S.720, the Israel Anti-Boycott Act?
Congratulations! Now people with legitimate chronic pain will have to turn to buying Heroin. It's already started. You're in over your head.
One thing that would help with pain is universal promotion of non-medical pain relief as an adjunct treatment. & insurance to cover it.
The black market is where most addicts get their drugs, why?  Because it is much easier.  I don't understand what is so hard to understand.
#SinglePayer
smh. Strong positive correlation, yes. But, no, over-prescription is not the ROOT cause of opiate addiction or current epidemic.
Finally, some good news on healthcare.
legalize weed, fools
That's dangerous to people living with chronic pain.
Not even close and I'm guessing you are mention McCain because of his cancer diagnosis which is vile...
Vote no on Trumpcare
LOL, Kitsten, you co-sponsored a bill to make criminals of Americans who join int'l boycotts of Israel.  Go away. Shoo. Scram.
Biologics help, as do alternative therapies & medicinal marijuana. Chronic pain is real, opioids aren't the only answer
And insurance should cover all options
Lets also discuss that hospitals are graded/ ranked on how their pain was handled. This initiative was driven by the pharmaceutical industry
And you are certain to make it more difficult for chronic pain patients to get relief which will force to use the black market.
What about the gangs also , drug traffickers ? You have to go after all
Thanks for taking my idea what do you propose ?
Chronic pain= over rx! Easy fix: controlled substance database. Educate  pain free is not realistic! Chronic pain Rx= overmedicated pts!!
Great. What about jobs for the Southern Tier??
Legalize cannabis nationally. Will help with over prescription of opioids.
Not good enough. And you should also support free speech by the way.
Why don't you ever introduce bills for ins cos to cover alternative therapies instead?
Better late than never. So lame that we allow pharma to operate un-fettered. Where are honest politicians hiding?
Legalize weed. Criminalizing whit out rehab options will just make more crime . Clueless
Obamacare said if u like your doc u can keep this bill claims it won't affect chronic pain but dems and rino's like mccain always lie
Focus on treatment like suboxon not telling doctors how to do their jobs
Last time I checked the sen isn't a doctor who is she to dictate to doctors how to do their jobs
When did doctors start prescribing herion
Can we stop fucking around with protesting Israel becoming a felony?
What about the TV ads? They sell pills nonstop!!!!
root cause is spiritual unfulfillment ... you won't touch that
I agree 100%. I have a loved one who was over-prescribed into addiction.  I have a few thoughts I'd like to share off-Line.
Nothing against prevention. But, what does your bill do for for ppl currently addicted to Rx? Send them to street drugs? Criminalize them?
#BigPharma waves money in Congress face: they take it. #BigPharma waves money in doctors faces they take it. Time to go after #BigPharma
States which have decided to legalize cannabis have lower rates of opioid use, abuse and overdoses.
Your PATHETIC!!! Do some work .
1 of biggest contributing factors to over prescription is,mandate of patient satisfaction to address pain and how reimbursement is affected
Because people living in pain is better?
Sorry Senators but that's not root cause. It's joblessness, homelessness, mental health and addiction support. This is antiquated thinking
Keep up the good fight. How can we help?
Careful with that axe, Eugene. Ppl w/chronic pain are already suffering like hell due to mismanagement of this crisis.
I now have to submit to pill counts, expensive urine screens and more Dr. appointments. This is not fair and it is not helpful.
wish folks would pay attention to the good that is being done. sigh
My 83 yo MIL went to ER with knee pain for which she had not even taken Advil and was prescribed Oxycodone. WTF?
Over prescription? Does Jeff Sessions know that's where he should focus his war in drugs?
https://www.prohibitionparty.org/ 
Then how could he possibly consider voting on the MTP? I hope he remembers that his health is more important than McConnell's agenda.
Too bad no one will have health care.
glad to hear so if he comes back to vote to strip healthcare away from us I guess it won't matter
Can you get him to vote No on MTP?
Just legalize marijuana ffs! You know doesn't have an opioid epidemic? States with legal marijuana.

Thank you
And where, pray tell, do you think addicts will go to get their opiods???
@SenJohnMcCain Since you are doing this, I hope your vote is NO for TRUMPCARE!  Takes Opiod addiction help from people in need.
Root causes...  So much pushing of pharmacutica products.  Keep telling ppl take this and your problems go away.  Too much BS
Any proof to this?? Now your blaming Doctors!! FUCK YEAH!!! You Rock!! #MAGA
that's not the root cause, but it is something to go after for sure
The real root cause is mass employment drug testing for THC. Drug testing exploded recreational pill use 

@SenGillibrand @SenJohnMcCain
Synthetic opiates don't show up on the government's drug test. Hello!!! Are you listening? 

@SenGillibrand @SenJohnMcCain
Overdose deaths have increased every year since passage of the 1991 Transportation Employee Testing Act 

@SenGillibrand @SenJohnMcCain
Right now GOP are counting on his vote to repeal healthcare. Smh.
Thank you Senator. I know people who told dr they were addicted in the past who were given a scrip anyway. Should not happen.
Sen. Corny is gonna try to kill him by making him travel across the country. Irony?
I live overseas where there are alternatives to opioids. Big Pharma is the problem.
@SenGillibrand this is much needed but please explain your support from SB that would make #BDS support a felony/20 yrs? 1st amendment?
Why do we allow AIPAC to write our laws while Palestinians live under occupation? Is the UN human rights council a felon?
That is an excellent idea as long as it doesn't prevent people with real pain from getting help. These things seem to swing like that.
But but but but but.... over-prescription is good for profits. So that's gotta be good, right? #CorporateCure
drive up medical costs for those who now need to go to doctor every seven days and fill multiple copays.
Could you take a second and ask good ol John to please not take millions of Americans heathcare away tomorrow?
You already can't provide refills on schedule II drugs. This is all virtue signaling and no substance. Will only hurt pain sufferers and
Thank you Senator. My brother told the dr he had addiction issues and was given a scrip anyway. Should not happen.
And he took the scrip anyway..  so it's the DR's Fault?? SMH!!
