This President is creating chaos that doesn’t create a single job or make us safer.
We must not stop until we have full transparency & accountability. That means not voting on FBI Director until Special Prosecutor is named.
You do realize your outnumbered in congress right?
Please put a halt to all Senate activity until an independent prosecutor is installed. This is ridiculous & clearly the .@GOP is in on it.
No proof of crime ZERO - No special prosecutor. Even the liberals know this..
The point Roger, is that this president is causing chaos and is an imbecile and the GOP is pretending it's all ok. It's not.
The chaos is being generated by main stream media, Dems an some establishment GOP. Pres Trump not perfect but then nobody is today.
I am nobody and I'm certain I could do a better job. We are supposed to have high expectations for this most important office in the land.
Has has oil/coal back in production kept 10,000's of jobs from leaving eliminated job killing regulations  eliminated Obamacare
I don't want to go on an on, but I can't figure out what jobs you're talking about -- or what job-killing regs. Trumpcare will bankrupt us.
Obama was putting the coal and oil companies out of business for 8 years and almost succeeded using the EPA as the weapon.
Wow how I love hearing you bunch of whining liberals complain. He didn't break the law so tough shit get over it!!!!
And you know this......?????  Has FOX news written all over your post!  
No it's called I'm a person with common sense and know when liberals are shoveling shit instead of the truth. It's about time Am ppl knew it
- we will see - 
It's gotten to the point where we can tweet this every day. I'm not even sure which report you're talking about. Sad!
For him it is
#WeThePeople Voted for change! Glad it's not business as usual  #SethRich #SeaLucas #Benghazi #Uranium1 #Unmasking 
I can tell what station you are watching and what papers you are NOT reading!  
Is Kirsten still our Senator in upstate NY? Too busy for us, probably.
Please step forward and demand we declare the election a fraud;  put @HillaryClinton in directly.   Help the world and do this, please!
You're all @ fault democrat ibstructionists
Better fall in line! Trump will claim ALL executive powers. Control every aspect of b infrastructure and military. Dictatorship legally! Sad
Dems chose to run Clinton. She came with baggage. A Sanders would have won hands down. Now you have a very, very weak party with no message!
Not business as usual. Sounds like a good thing shaking things and scaring the politicians. 
Please Senator: Get your colleagues together & take back our country from this dangerous menace!! We cannot stand for this any longer!
And then tonight happened #ComeyMemo
The POTUS decides classification levels & all presidents have shared classified info with other countries U don't give a damn about Buffalo
Nothing has Ben business as usual since Trump came down that escalator.
I meant nothing has been. Oops
If  they dont have the #Skill to #Budget their $2T income and #Payoff their #19TdebtAbuse then
#TheyDontBelongInCongress
And what is being done to FIX it?!?
Then just go back to work and stop with the nonsense--
Imagine if the illegal leak hadn't happened their would not have been all the BS circulating. The fake news from illegal leaks
Pls, Senator, find a way to oust him. I didn't serve my nation until retirement to see democracy crumble. He's a threat multiplier. #Impeach
Face the facts -- since Jan 20 this idiocy has been "normal" WH business. Unless Trump is "Locked up" this mess is all we can expect.
But as usual, Trump will get away with it.
Thank god

Go back to sleep
When you are President this sort of thing will stop.
@morningmika just a bunch of hypocrites.  Where was all this outrage when Hillary was mishandling classified info
I know. Im happy you recognize the DNC and their surrogates in the press need reining in.
Will the real politicians please stand up! Stop tip toeing around ths  madman and his attempt to destroy who we are as Americans!!!
@SenJohnMcCain if not for country, then how about saving the GOP? Step up, or your party will be slaughtered at the polls. #impeach
Gillibrand & MSM Premise
1:  Obama & democrats good. 
2:  Trump is bad. Everything gets reported that way purposely to undermine POTUS
McMaster  nuked U
yeah, ok.
The only true way to get Trump is to focus on Felix Sater. It's a hot button issue for him. It'll get attention and fluster him.
Impeach him now, we are begging you.
Shameful partisan bloviating. Act like a responsible adult or resign your office.
It's not abnormal when viewed through the lens of Bizarro World @DCComics
It's normal... Fake story, democrats over react with faux outrage and MSM carried the the water... See normal
OBSTRUCTIONIST YOU AND SCHUMER GOT TO GO
So what are you going 2 DO? What is going 2 have 2 happen 2 take action? Conflicts of interest, dismantling protections, colusion w/ Russia!
Under an open mic, Trump told the Russian ambassador that he'll have more flexibility after the midterms. Sound familiar?
Please impeach.
The next question is what's to be done about this. Trump is a danger to our democracy This cannot stand
#TrumpMustGo
What's abnormal - the fake press is making up stories and the liberal snowflakes are falling for it hook line and sinker.
Please start the impeachment hearings or have him arrested before he starts WW3
senator, what can we the people DO?
Agreed. Get busy.
Please continue to work for us and to fix this mess!
Absolutely agree Senator. What are you doing to stop it?
You obviously don't know the Senator's record!
No to @SenateGOP tax cuts for the rich. N. O.
Unfortunately, brief perusal of @realDonaldTrump's appalling record in private sector shows it's exactly how he's used to doing business.
Yes-get all your political friends and representatives and physically go to the white house steps and scream IMPEACH NOW
Nope...What goes on in the WH is officially deemed monkey business....
Look, I am willing to stage a sit in on the national mall but need a bone from my democratic senators from NY.
Same. Dems need to do more than tweet. Halt everything. Giant protest. We're not leaving until impeach. articles are in the works.
It's getting to be.
