.@SenGillibrand would you be willing to host a town hall this recess to tell our health care stories? @indivisible_bk
Just did. I sent emaiil to heathreform @senate and then sent a copy to you. Please use my story to fight for our healthcare
Yes @BarackObama destroyed my personal health insurance #obamacaresucks
They won't hold town halls. That's the problem.
They're afraid the violent alt-right will attend
No, they're afraid of pissed off voters. My senator Rubio admitted it.
Sorry you have liddle Marco for a Senator
Tell my story that my plan now double prices
Can't keep my doctor keep my plan save 2500 humm where do I hear that before I wonder
Thank you Senator! We are engaged! Health is a right not a privilege! Single Payer option needed!
If healthcare is personal why did obama force the country to buy it
Some of the personal stories hurt too much to retell. But seeing people lose family members because of cost of treatment is devastating.
and these aren't the uninsured or people without "good jobs." deciding between cost and treatment should not be something anyone has to do.
please help us promote @NYHCampaign the ny health act so we can at least ensure all new yorkers can get the treatment they need.
So why aren't you  doing something to make healthcare more affordable for your constituents.
We elected you to so that work
Who's your NYS Senator? Dems in DC are in minority; Dems in Albany are nominally majority party, but the IDC is fucking things up.
My story- RA/RD cuts My life expectancy 10-25%. New Dont care plan, at least 10% more...think I may not have much time now. ImpeachNOW!
Healthcare is personal. Our story is ur team eliminated 21k Delphi retirees healthcare & illegally seized our pensions. That's our story!
We're building a coalition to plan a National Die-In on June 4. Visit https://www.facebook.com/dying4care/  & http://www.dying4care.com  #Dying4Care #Resist
.@SenGillibrand How about a Town Hall in NYC? @IndivisibleTeam @bkindivisible @ny_indivisible @nyc_indivisible  @indivisible_bk
#PatientVoices
Will do! I'll share how we have made billions of the sick@and suffering. 
It is not "personal" when other people are paying for it...
Exactly! That's why we need to get rid of private insurance-
and then the Government came to help
Keep repeating a lie- won't ever make it true...
The truth is what it is whether you believe it or not ...
That's exactly what I said when I heard @FoxNews criticize "the left" for making it too personal. Health care is personal, sensitive, etc. 
Do you know the difference between health care and health insurance?
Single-Payer for New York! Can we hear your position?
I have been a nurse for 39 yrs. Obamacare has been a disaster from day 1. Dems. failed so help our President fix it once and for all.
It would not make a difference until he & his Republicans in congress are out! Completely Out
Senator how can you say to us your constituents 'our health care'? You get that special congressional healthcare which is 10 times better.
Where can I research this in the Constitution?
Will do -- so, when's your town hall?
You and your colleagues exempted yourselves from the ACA healthcare. What are you talking about?
I would but @RepJohnFaso won't host a town hall! #NY19 #NoShowFaso #2018 #SwingLeft #Indivisible #resist #coward
Plz note May23 is DEADLINE to EMAIL: HealthReform@finance.senate.gov 
Voice opinions on  Trumpcare #AHCA today ↓
Fight Trumpcare⇒EMAIL: healthreform@Finance.senate.gov
Ask 2 SAVE #ACA (*example letters n thread)
GOP sent private letter2 stakeholders 
Read today reps don't care about emails or phone calls-they know what we think already! Really?!?
First @cathymcmorris would need to have a town hall.
And then you tell me how the country can afford your plan.
When it comes to paying for someone else's health care, GFY!
Yes it is personal. Let's keep goverment out of it as much as possible!
Oh, and I am also giving money to Ossoff, Quist, McCaskill, Brown, etc.
Serious question: I live in Manhattan, so all of my electeds are on board. I do march, but any other advice on how to get involved?
Until you support Medicare for all you are no different than them
To keep the status of the current inefficient program or to advocate for Medicare For All?
Are you supporting Medicare for All?
you do none of them things and never reply to anyone's questions! You Just badmouth the other side and pick up your special interest checks
This is how the corporate dems operate...gross
Health insurance should be 20% of your income
Thank you for your hard work, very often I see your signature on legislation that I support. Proud you rep me.
How about coming out and vocally supporting single payer, senator?
I would love to tell my #Healthcare story at a townhall, but my Rep Drew Ferguson won't hold one.
Keep the pressure on and find someone else to elect when his term is up. Let him know that in letters, tweets, however you can.
I want to know when the Dems stopped lying about HC? Has the time come to believe you now?  Obamacare Sucks & you have no credibility.
My story: I liked my plan, wanted to keep my plan & YOU LIED that we could! #liar #hypocrite

Very personal since I could end up in a high risk pool. (9 year survivor breast cancer).
My story is premiums doubling, deductibles 4 times higher, out of pocket has tripled. Thank you  my Senator from NY
Do you support HR676 Medicare for all?
We'd be happy here on LI to go a @RepPeteKing town hall, but he's avoiding his constituents. Could you ask him why, Madame Senator?
Find someone decent to replace him come election time. Let him know this through letters, tweets, however you can
Here is my guy. 9 years old and NED (neuroblastoma) at his 3 month scans!!!
I've written & called multiple times. My senators and rep see me and my need for health care in terms of dollar signs.
That I am awaiting a disability hearing & rely on Medicaid - they see me as a liability to shed. Never mind years I worked and contributed.
They don't seem to care, at all.
Do not re- elect. Find someone better!
And bridge the gap between personal stories & the tough concrete choices you will face when bad legislation is passed.
Don't mind. But you can tell 2 difference. What can you do people who have ''' Medcaid, correct about health insurance & medicare.  That
GOP like Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell want to repeal health care, Medicaid. Paul Ryan want it to make Voucher program & more. Saying.
Obamacare is not healthcare it was a system designed to take more money from the people to give to CEOs
As an Obamacare enrollee from New York City, I appreciate all that you do for us re: healthcare. We will keep fighting the good fight.
Support the New York Health Act please!
