Sen. Gillibrand presses James Mattis on gender and L.G.B.T. equality in the military at confirmation hearing http://cbsn.ws/2jIgLlv  
KG: Read. learn what it's like to serve this country honorably, not like politics.An Open Letter to President Trump.
As one of your constituents, thank you for raising these issues and holding Mattis accountable.
and did you see and hear his responses?
It was a non-response at best, but I hope that @SenGillibrand & others will continue to push him on this issue.
non-response?
He would not directly answer the questions regarding LGBT service members.
how much more straightforward do you want sir?
DADT was built on "not caring"
and implemented by a Clinton administration. So there's that.
He answered you by saying he is not concerned about who consenting adults sleep with. Why twist his answer ?
Keeping America safe is the issue, not about how many women  are certain positions.
was a lucky duck..only reason she's in the senate is because she was appointed by Gov Patterson...but not for long
He gave you the perfect answer, your concerns are not warranted and are absolutely FAKE. You are slime.
you looked like a doofus. Mad Dog put you in your place. Did you forget to ask what toilet service members could use?
you are doing God's work. Keep fighting for us. Sending much strength and love your way.
Sending strength and love? What branch of the military did you enlist in to deliver said strength and love?
have fam and friends in all branches. Women I love and respect are serving. Not sure what the issue is w me supporting them.
@CBSNews As a NYer you make me ashamed. #America needs a General like #Mattis. These are dangerous times! #MAGA
Ashamed too!
@CBSNews how bout asking a question about the shipment of uranium from Russia to Iran. #uranium one deal.
@CBSNews it was troubling that he couldn't give a straightforward answer to a straightforward question.
you need more straightforward than "I have no agenda" and "I am not opposed"? None of us who serve.
If jerks like @SenGillibrand ran our military we would all be speaking #Russian. Give up this #LGBTQ crap. #Military is for killers! #Mattis
All we hear from the left is how dangerous Russia is now and look at the stupid ?s you asked this man.
No you tried to harpoon him. Tell you what why don't you attempt a week of Marine basics see how you do
@CBSNews We should be preparing to defeat the enemy, but all Kirsten wants to know is if we can get more LGBT killed.
How about the multi-year military ban?
what about it?  A waiver is possible and already passed the committee
@CBSNews He wouldn't answer  question. He defaulted to claiming he would ensure people are best prepared-gives him an out.
as you have zero experience with DoD you tweet is wholly lacking. It is fundamental, preparedness is key.
Lol. I have more experience with DOD than you do. I also know when someone is avoiding an answer.
really I would venture my 22 years against yours.
Unless you have served in senior positions afloat or ashore (at headquarters commands), you would lose.
since you're so concerned about women serving why don't you enlist and go shoulder to shoulder with our troops... Hypocrite!
thank you!
get him senator.
Where do we find clowns like you? All of our issues & this is what you ask about. Your out next cycle
Mattis answered @SenGillibrand's question. She didn't understand that ability & readiness are priority regardless of gender or orientation.
@CBSNews you're question has nothing to do with the job of the Secretary of Defense.Your question was a joke and unnecessary
@CBSNews Thank you @SenGillibrand. Keep holding their feet to the fire.
Heard you want him to wait 7 yrs. Yeah,because we want our SECDEF to be OUT OF THE LOOP and have to play catch up. great plan
I think, no, I KNOW it was Gen Powell who said the military is not a place for social experiments.  20 yr Navy vet. its NOT
@CBSNews >> thank you for representing me and what makes America great. Will keep voting for you -Brooklyn 11238
cont'd is why we're having problems within the service. If you've never served, keep your nose out of military affairs...
I'm a female Marine veteran, Mattis is a respected Marine leader. Your attempt to bait him and try to politicize this shit...
You are lucky to be alive being in the same room with Gen Mattis.  Your vote against the Gen doesn't matter. Bye now.
sounded like an obnoxious bitch. I want a leader who is EXACTLY like MAD DOG! get out of bedrooms & get into the WAR room!
do NOT support Mattis. He doesn't deserve an exemption to policy!
Gen Mattis outwitted you and you don't even know it, so niave!
General Mattis' record speaks for itself. He put you in your place and rightfully so.
@CBSNews What a nonsensical line of questions from you. The Dem's have become pathetic & embarrassing!
Kindly do us all a favor and go play in traffic.
Stupid twit!!!
@CBSNews Kinda ironic you oppose this man with decades in the military when you were handed your job from HRC
@CBSNews I can't believe you would talk about your questioning Mattis after the way he shut you down. Did your mascara run?
well apparently your info was wrong! #selfrighteous  #liberal perfect answer #MadDog #Mattishearing
Thank you, @SenGillibrand.
vets will remember your vote.
Such a stupid question. Typical.
@CBSNews I'm not concerned with the position of General Mattia! #constituent # NYSvoter
you are a loser and a communist traitor
@CBSNews  and he said he didn't care if the LGBT people served and fought. They're Americans and that's all that matters.
great questions, glad you got a request in for a QFR.  Wish you would have asked more about civilian control of the military.
@CBSNews Thank you Kirsten!
Thank you!
I love you!! Thank you for your hard work.  Stay strong!
@CBSNews Express away fool.  You can't stop the confirmation!!!!!!! @dafactsjack
@CBSNews you're just worried about kooky fringe issues. You look foolish. You are foolish.
@CBSNews as a female veteran I say THANK YOU!!
The military is no place for LGBT, Give me a break !
It's embarrassing that women on Senate panel are asking future Secretary of Defense about gays & women rather than readiness.
-Their is no place in the military for this nonsense, enough with women in the battlefield with men - simply not their place.
Have you ever been in infantry? On the front lines? Not all women can do it. Its a hazard to our country and troops.
KG: The military is not an Open Society to be used as experimental, social engineering project for the will of Congressional know-nothings.
Go enlist in the Marine Corps or make the General a sammich. Your choice sweetie.
Why don't you ask questions that actually matter to our country's safety? This is a waste of time.
@CBSNews THANK YOU Senator. Proud of NY.
good job representing NY by making a fool of yourself
She will do the same at @SenatorSessions confirmation, an honorable who will uphold the law, unlike current AG
you libs and your priorities are really screwed up.
stop with your posturing and showboating to your liberal base... Thanks to Harry Reid every Trump appointee will be confirmed
@CBSNews What a Patriot you are ....
Good try, but you won't get him to say it or write it down.
supports sending women & LGBTs to the front lines of the war against ISIS. SICK. #Mattishearing #Mattis
Not "women", Leftist feminist activists who are anti-military. EVERY study has shown women weaken military cohesion. Read a book. @shotgun91
Yeah, the same old worthless pajama boy comparison of a country with no relation to the World's greatest military. 
if M thinks like that, it shows he has no regard for American exceptionalism, and likes to waste our first best resource.
@CBSNews why try and stir up controversy....I've had the up most respect for you up until this point #disappointed
as one of your constituents, thank your work and for supporting the LGBTQ+ community!
I was thanking her for her work and support of LGBTQ+'s overall.
@CBSNews you got knife handed by the great #maddogMattis #maga
Old politics: Knee-jerk partisan rejection of other party initiatives while pandering to groups beloved by your donors.
Thank you so much! @SenGillibrand 
I believe his focus is where it should be regarding our military  - keeping our soldiers/country safe. Focus on that!
focus on improving the NY VA
Thank you for your diligence.
Thank you for trying to make him answer your question! It was frustrating to listen to.
what
Sen. Gillibrand asked if Gen. Mattis thought women and LGBTQ serving in active roles in the military undermined lethality
you can't answer that simply, it's political grandstanding, but what do I know, being a veteran
He avoided answering the question!
You mean he avoided the answer you wanted. He answered the stupid question.
if they can do the job, I'm all for it. Most women DO NOT want to serve in a combat arms role.
@CBSNews Really that's the issue?  Grow up Senator
have you looked at the MCFIO data? Cause the decision was made before the study was complete.
@CBSNews I truly would love to know, what a persons sexual preference is doing in this hearing! God help you lady
@CBSNews the enemy can follow a snail trail easier
Expressed concern? How about someone express some outrage? Im so tired of 'Stepford" Senators!
@CBSNews Awful biased analysis. He is the perfect man for the job.
@CBSNews  I dont support you anymore. Mattis is a decent man and the best for the job.
Thank you.
