Today in OpenGov: @FEC to re-open public comment on online ads https://sunlightfoundation.com/2017/09/15/today-in-opengov-fec-to-re-open-public-comment-on-online-ads/ … We hope the agency engages the public, & vice versa.
Yeah not even the DNC! Just ask Bernie and Debbie Blabbermouth Sluts
what about Ukraine, EU, UK... what about them influencing our elections?
I wish you would use you brain once in a while instead of you crazy stupid statements. Make voters show Identification to prove who the are
No one but the candidates themselves should have the ability to influence our elections, period, not from the shadows, not in full sun.
Google George Soros and discover how he is rigging everything including media globally
I'm not nearly as concerned with the Russians, as I am with OUR government allowing government agencies 2b used for political purposes!!!!!
That was Obama administration.
Yes, I know it was the Obama administration, yet OUR government isn't concerned about it at all.
They had to demonize Russia, more cover up 2 come.
Agree but they did it in broad daylight!
But you were ok with Obama trying to influence the Israeli election.
That includes HRC and cohorts, you know. She, hubby, Lynch, etc, tried to influence the election, overtly and from the shadows.
Or favorited democrats in cahoots with the media.  That must be too over your head.
Don't forget the crooked DNC
Nor should they have the ability to influence our elections from out in the open. What is the problem with humans voting for humans?
True, but the your allegiance to the Democratic party is scary. They are backed by George Soros who is a danger to the american way of life.
My votes have always been with you and will continue. Keep up the good work
Amen!
Why did you lie about giving people a chance to choose Medicare? The bill you support prohibit any insurance other than one plan that is
not Medicare. Want to see "block grants paid through regional offices"? Here is how it turned in Russia.https://goo.gl/images/py9qUK 
So u are going to work to throw down gauntlet on Google and Facebook?
No billionaire hedge fund owner like George Soros should be allowed to destroy countries with chaos like he is doing in USA
Stop blaming Russia for what GS and his OSF is doing as we speak.
Can we successfuly remove $$$ from our election process? BIG money has little empathy for citizens. The richest are not good leaders
You run rigged elections, and you directly benefit from unconstitutonal rules that select women and exclude men from those who choose you.
Huh ? Am poor and I need money I dont care about that
Russia bought adds on Facebook.   American political parties like Hillary Clinton directly interfered in dozens elections around the world
Control your Antifa terrorist group first!
If he does that, how are we supposed to find them & report them! 45's is a lame excuse!
What about all the money unions give to the democratic party
Plz! Engage input from likes of #SANS pros not politicos, eg, @wvualphasoldier , @MalwareJake , @emptywheel , find others @ericgeller
The truth influenced the election, when the Dems figure that out they may actually have a chance
This isn't new, only an issue now that you don't like the election result!
How bout unions, bet you're  with them affecting elections.
Steering the election against one of their own #hypocrite
What about Hillary getting debate questions?  What about rice unmasking Trumps team.  You had the whole govt working against trump
Russians. I'm more worried that we have nutty people like you in congress.
Oh goodness.  Lest they could get you out of office.
And democrats should accept the fact they lost. Stop with the fake Russian B.S. support the POTUS, or never win another election. We see you
Funny how you keep forgetting to mention the voter fraud in the illegals voting
Absolutely right the DNC are the only ones that should be allowed to hijack an election process with impunity
Stay away from from Sanders!  He's not a Democrat and he will drag actual  Democrats down a primary hole... #SandersSucks
You're influenced by political contributions that influence elections...
How about old school Kirsten when you would be paid to vote sound familiar ?
Does that include lobbyists who pay our elected officials . Curious?
You're correct, Senator. We need to end Citizens United. @StopBigMoney
Touché - that's an informed voter
Americans need no help electing lame public servants, just look at congress, 535 do nothing people elected, no Russian or corp help needed.
But it was ok for Obama to influence Israeli elections riiiiiggghhht Kirsten. Perhaps u should consider living up to ur standards for others
Not even if strong ground game @ninaturner @oneunited @SurveyMonkey statistic tea-M.S. @SECNetwork electoral alumni @sec moral victorys @fec
Reps should impeach Trump Pence now
The Russians didn't make me vote for Trump. #Trump2020
But ur ok with the DNC rigging the election for Hillary? Get a back bone and stand up for ur convictions regardless if it's Russian or DNC.
But you are the queen of Wall Street donations
If you're accepting campaign contributions from a PAC there's a good chance you're already quite familiar w/ the shadow & know how it works
Get up to speed, Acorn ring a bell
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING YOU'RE GOING TO STOP TAKING MONEY FROM CORPORATIONS AND SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT MAKE NEW YORK GREAT
Neither should meddling Dems like you.
Obama said this was not possible. Remember
Yea so lets see that server so we can figure out exact impact! Whats @DWStweets hiding on the laptop!? Imran awan about to tell us anyways
Election reform? should have been a given considering the Russian influence in our recent election. Bring a bill forward, lets look at it.
Follow the money #standup
The US has meddled in every election in the world for at least the last 30 years. You know it & your Swamp supports it. #hypocrite
Your claim to fame is getting blocked by NYT reporter? Nice job? The swamp? You mean the crooks who have to lawyer up in the admin?  
Let's talk about the Obama admin openly interfering with the Israeli election. Trying to undermine Netanyahu is pure evil. Russia = fakenews
It should not come as a surprise that letting corporations buy American politics lead to Russian fucking our elections,Now we keep the moron
Tell that to Crooked Hillary
. Give it up. Russian allegations are over. Go do your job. I saw you voted no again yesterday. Is that all you do?
Over? Maybe leave your conservative bubble. You see the reality is that the investigation is gaining steam.
. Good grief man where have you been? Educate yourself and try to catch up. The Russia investigation is over.
I think you should exit your conservative echo chamber. Grand jury subpoenas have been issued. This is far from over. Nice try, though.
You have no direct knowledge of SC- go play in the sandbox with someone else.
Nor illegals.
There is no proof of that. That is Trump propaganda.
The only people unable to influence elections are the majority who voted for Clinton.
MUST WATCH VIDEO THREAD: 
Russian Non-Linear War:  Propaganda, FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump.
Understand #TrumpRussia in under ~ 3 min. Must watch and please share 
