Sens. Gillibrand and Collins unveil bipartisan proposal to block ban on transgender people serving in the military http://cnn.it/2w2tXs7  
Typical Washington Swamper putting 2 0r 3 stupid  items in a important defense bill. Drain this & other idiots at  next election
Thank you, Senators - we respect your courage to do what is right & good for our country & Americans, esp in the face 45Admin's cowardice
Theres a big issue give me a break
Keeping an eye on who stands against American servicemembers sadly I think those opposed will be outside of districts where my vote counts.
Honestly, have to ask, if the GOP base doesn't want to protect the constitution at home... why even have a military. What are we defending?
not your call, Senator. butt out.
Thank you to the women of the Senate for continuing to stand strong for what is right and good about America.
let it go why is it that you people have to put your 2cents into everything. Start passing legislation now
You need to be enlightened, transgender behavior will not be promoted by providing expensive unessecary surgery that r extremely dangerous
You're on the wrong page, buddy. Move along.
Got it backwards Get on the right page read "National Preservation or National Perversion" on Amazon.
judge wisely,the behavior u advocate is abnormal, twisted,demented, deranged,perverted, degenerate,n all because of poor choices. man/women
Actually we are here to stay on the strong right where you should be instead of" wispering out of your closet"
Is "wispering" sorta like "whispering"? Haha. Your bio says you're a writer.  They don't teach spelling over on the "strong right" 
Thank you, Senators!
@cnnbrk I thought if you had mental illness you weren't suited to serve
why don't you demoncrats work on healthcare and tax reform ! We don't want to pay for their surgeries 
The military is not a place for a social justice experiment
The military was the first to ban segregation. There should be no bar to anyone who wants & is capable to serve.
You should serve on the front lines first.
What about African Americans and Latinos? We now can be ignored again?
Thank you!!!! This bill protects the civil liberties of the heroes who are protecting us!
@SarahEMcBride !!!!!!!
Look what happens when women work together!!
I agree with potus Trump he is commander in chief not gillibrand or collins and trans is a mental illness
Thank you!

You are a loser how about doing something for NY like jobs taxes anything

Thank you both.
Thank you!!
Oui oui
That's right. Play social political ideas and hold our national defense hostage.
Thank you Senators Gillibrand and Collins!
#Transgender service issue is about 200th on the list of things that need attention in DC. @SenGillibrand is clearly part of the problem
to big an expenditure ! way to big !
Continuing to show your utter ignorance of the situation. The military is not a place for social experiments.
Your compassion is leading to more problems. TG people have a mental health issue that needs to be addressed. Placating to their fantasy...
...won't help them. They need the issue of why they disassociate their mind from their body dealt with. Changing their body to appear as...
..they want it to appear is like putting a Ferrari emblem on a Gremlin. Let's help them by addressing the problem rather than covering it up
It takes a dedicated and hard working senator to do this for the American people . Always strive to improve and push on. #Valles2020
Do you have any endorsements in NY city council districts 2 & 4 senator gillinbrand?
Heroes! World and history are watching and blessing you.
Yes! Well done, both of you.
Yes, but are they brave?
Transgender have No Place in Armed Forces
Way to lead ladies 
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
That is great lawmaking right there! Keep up the pressure
It's fun watching somebody with no power act like they have some
Bravo for an excellent bipartisan amendment. Kudos to senator Gillibrand & Collins!
You had to do an amendment? Why couldn't you make this stand on its own?
I bet if you got the women in the senate together you could have a viable healthcare bill without any nonsense. Women get things done!
I really appreciate your attempts at bipartisanship. That needs to happen more.
Thank you so much for collaborating in the best interests of our country. Senator Collins, please stay in the Senate.
I retired after 22 years. We don't need them in our military. The military damn sure shouldn't be paying for their treatments.
Well done! 
How about DoD Financial Accountability Act. Time for Congress to dispose of excess propertypay for training. Taxpayers are tired of waste!
Hopefully this is the kiss of death for gillibrand she is a phony
Thank you, Senator. Well-done. Proud to have you serving New York and our country.
Thank you, Senators.
Thank you both!
Thank you so much
Thank you! You and @SenKamalaHarris should run together in 2020!
Thank you!
Always so proud of you  #thankyou
So good to see any bipartisan work. Thanks to you both for showing what strong women working together can accomplish!
Thank you senator that should really help get mentally ill people the help they need.
Why don't you worry about the debt... the dollar crashes it won't matter is you're while, black, gay, straight, trans or whatever! #broke
Let's #DumpGillibrand over this crap. Get these psychos out now. And the trannys too.
Thank you for standing up for what is right
How many transgender personnel are there?
Thank you Senators! This is the right thing for our military, our country, and for human dignity! Why is .@realDonaldTrump so hateful?
Yes. Hold up progress to Try to change the law for all 9 of them.
Thank you @SenatorCollins @SenGillibrand for fighting for those who wd fight for us #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Thank You Senators!
Thank you
Meaning blow draws and md evaluations , sometimes supplies can't get to destination.their endocrine system will go into shock .lets arm
Do you to ladies no anything about hormone therapy ? Sides effects depression ,dvt ,cardiac issues heart attack,you need regular monitoring
Part 1 For once I would love for senators research topics before introducing bills they have no clue on ,just because it feels good .
Thank you
#IdentityPolitics pandering to the detriment of the Country.
Thank you.
Two wonderful women.  Thank you.
Thank you @SenGillibrand and @SenatorCollins for your leadership for Americans who want to serve.
Yes
I love love love seeing both sides coming together on this.  Well done ladies!
Oh thank you Senator for standing up for my husband. He identifies as a tree and people are chopping them down
It's NOT discrimination any more than me self identity get as a duck  and calling hunters discriminatory
#ilovenewyork
If you not bright enough to understand that that there are only two genders than we have the wrong person in congress
Transgender people need psychological help. Quit destroying our military and consuming its funding with this silly stupid crap
Thank you Senators!
Neither of you have served. Stay out of the military. You will do damage beyond your tiny liberal minds. It's about moral. They will hurt us
Yes! No to all discrimination!!! Thank you Senator.
One of the few Senators that I feel is truly fighting for all!  Thank you!
Wow, five more women Senators and we'd have these problems FIXED. Thank you!
Thank you. Seriously-thank you.
You go girl Stand up to Trump with action! Beware of his deals with Dems now, could be thrown back at them in future to hurt elections!!!
Thank you.
Thank you!
What are your positions on transgenders serving in combat zones?
If they pass the requirements they should and they do today.
What have you done for the Southern Tier????  Unless you answer me, I will assume nothing???
Thank you, senators!
Thank you!
Dems fight for tougher gun laws yet want to hand one out to people with physiological disorders makes plenty of sense
TY both for you leadership.
Thank you, Senators.
Thank you!!!!
 thank you!
Such political BS! The defense bill needs to stand alone not attached to all of your lib tears
Thank you.
Nice! Nice! Nice!
What say you, @RepPeteKing ?

@ny02dems  @SenGillibrand
As the defense bill heads to the Senate, I introduced an amendment with @SenatorCollins to protect our transgender service members. https://twitter.com/cnnbrk/status/907357484754591744 …
remind them St. Joan Of Arc crossdressed to rid France of British rule & burned @ the stake @ 19 . Historys bravest soldier
Thank you!
Thank you both for this.
Thank you!
Why don't you Senators concern your efforts on the health care of the Americans citizen?What are your priorities health care or trans rights
Senators do more than one thing.Both were already highly active on ACA reform before Republicans refused bipartisanship.
Thank you both
Thank you! #Resist
Thank you
Are you going to ensure that the children of US stop dying in wars to enrich the companies that give money to your campaign?
Are you doing anything to ensure that military contractor lobbiest are not running congress? Going to make sure DOD isn't given blank check
Keep fighting! We love your work.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
senator, since you are so concerned with those who are questioning what's between their legs, how the ones who don't get that choice
#LoveWins 
nice
Thank you! Wouldn't it be good to have another voice of sanity and compassion in the Senate? 1/
Alabama has a special Senate election Dec. 12th. Doug Jones @GDouglasJones can win it. But, he needs your help. #ALSEN 2/
Plz RT and follow @GDouglasJones. And ask your supporters to donate #DougJonesforSenate #DigDoug2017 #ALSEN http://dougjonesforsenate.com  3/3
Thanks, Senator! I'll call in support.
BS from leftist socialist
No to discrimination in whatever form
Heroes!
If Trans community wants to fight let them! It's not like too many non-transgender folks are lining up to do it.
VIDEO THREAD: Watch these & share to help people understand what Trump did & is currently doing to help Russia.  RT
Understand #TrumpRussia in under ~ 3 min. Must watch and please share 
Thank you, senator!

Thank you for doing this.
Thank you, senator!
