Absolutely NO socialized medicine. It is worse than ACA. ACA was designed to fail so you could push single-payer. NO!
(Which is why tax simplification is balked at by lawmakers. Where would all the unemployed accountants go?)
I agree completely with that statement. The tax code IS corruption.
You heard it here first!  She wants to put health care companies out of business.  That's called LOST jobs.
They have a fiduciary responsibility to stockholders to be profitable.
Get the for-profits out of healthcare so our dollars are actually spent on our health instead of CEO mansions. @alfranken @SenJeffMerkley
Please keep your eye on the ball. Lose ACA and we will never get health care for all let alone Medicare for all #saveACA
U need to tell American citizens what Medicare for all means financially, younger Americans probably think its free! How high will taxes go
Prays for #chainmigration #illegals to be too dumb to oppose #Communist #Welfarehealthcare.
Insurance companies are for profit. Of course great healthcare is not their goal. Goal is bottom line and shareholders.
That's not true. 2.5 M jobs are in insurance & insurance people are in it to help others. Sit down with one of us, have a conversation.
Owners and upper management is not in insurance for the good of those who have to have it. If they were, they would put caps, etc on plans.
1. You don't get to assume why someone is a manager. 2. 2.54 million employees aren't owners. If nobody cares how did ins ever get big.
Whose paying for it?
Dems guide to #Communism: 1. Seize control of healthcare. 2. Control environment w/#Climatechange. #Enslave in 1 #ConstitutionalRebublic.
Someone pulled $32 trillion over the next decade out of their arse; I KNOW it's bollocks! What are the REAL costings for #MedicareForAll?
Insurance cos have legal and fiduciary responsibility to shareholders. You want them to break the law? 
@jennybethm
@fud31
@charliekirk11
Sens. Graham/Cassidy preparing last ditch GOP block grant healthcare bill before Sept. 30. Looking for needed votes. Keep fighting for us.
Medicare for All would be a massive boost to business who would no longer have to provide healthcare; & grow the US economy significantly 
Medicare for all? Even politicians?
Could private #InsuranceCompanies be allowed to offer equal or better #UniversalCoverage plans as an alternative to basic #MedicareForAll?
How do you pay for it?
They see their first responsibility to share holders. My ins lost contract with major state hospital sys I was treated by bc they don't pay
They also still tell doctors how to treat the patients and when!!
You're advocating socialized medicine. You're not helping New Yorkers. You never have alternatives. Just complaints. #dumpgillibrand
If politicians stop take money from them something could be done
There should be no for-profit company between us and our country. Capitalism is fine but not for Healthcare. Great profits, and do nothing.
Healthcare never belonged in a for profit model. It's a right, not a privilege, despite our conditioning to believe otherwise.
Flaw inherent w capitalism: infinite extraction from finite resources. Math doesn't work. Corporations obligated to max. s/h profit
Of course they value profit more.  That's their nature.  They are "for profit" companies not "non profit" charities.
Govt. should get the hell out of insuance  business & any private bnusiness
All private company's put profit first.
Of course, it is business. They have lobbyists and are in US political pockets.
That is like saying the hospital administrator cares more about people than profit #naive
What about the 2.5+ million jobs in the insurance industry? Who pays when 1/2 those jobs & their tax rev are gone for good? #realtalk
First time I have heard insurance companies specifically called out. Thank you for that
Tired of Dems running away from Obamacare. In a country that can't keep Social Security funded? I'm just... no. I'm out.
Well said and sadly the truth. People dying and suffering who can't afford hlthcre are examples of acceptable losses to Ins co's for profits
And you will put 525,600 healthcare insurance employees out on street while Govt has monopoly over paying for healthcare. Wow...
companies answer to stock holder the same can be said about politicans and what would be your answer?
Until you get the for-profits out of healthcare, these problems will continue.  Look where the money goes..... #MedicareforAll
Exactly! Why should CEO's make multi million salaries & stockholders have a stake in how health claims are paid? Profiting on the sick.
Right on! Insurance & drug companies & their lobbyists holding us back from fair costs. Medical cost inflation double all orhers since 70's.
@bennydiego  Amen! This country can no longer afford private "free market" medicine.
Real break through you have there.
What are Lindsey Graham's holdings? Don't trust any insurance-industry peddlers; that's what he seems to be. It's about $$$$$, NOT humanity.
"A New Deal"
You think? They're all @ALEC_states #Alec and then you have the NRA which promotes mass murder & suicide which drains our BANK they pay 0.
Kind of like senators and congressmen, more about money than the people they represent
It's a business.  Maybe houses and cars for all as a right next.  What do you say Kristen.
It goes beyond insurance companies.  Pretty much all corporations will screw over people in pursuit of a dollar. Single payer!
By their very nature insurance companies r wrong answer 2 healthcare solution betting against interests of their client 4 profit 2 investors
Oh now y'all want to push for Medicare for all after the crap y'all put people through with Obamacare.
Yes, please.   My entire adult life has been defined by grappling with the for-profit health industry.
That's why their called companies and not a government benefit.
You are just now figuring that out?!?
Really, that's your analysis of the sysyem's problem. #deepthinker
GILLIBRAND CONTINUES TO PUSH WELFARE PROGRAMS EVEN THOUGH MEDICARE WILL BE BROKE IN 10 YEARS MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT
GILLIBRAND CONTINUES TO PUSH WE
Well kirsten, if you want to drive the elderly to their GRAVES with SKY HIGH PREMIUMS they can't afford, GO AHEAD & PASS #MedicareForAll !
It's high time ALL of us divested in for-profit healthcare. Make sure our 401's and pensions aren't part of the problem.
Ins co should not be shareholder profit driven entities. Why are they making $? Wrong
This will get far worse if CGH Bill passes. Anthem is prime example of this. This bill is a divide & conquer gift to the ins. industry.
Sadly, Sen Graham has no interest in preserving HC for anyone. He is focused on negating ANYTHING Obama accomplished. I just don't get it.
Nice to hear you on @BrianLehrer today.  You have my vote.
چه باید کرد
Awesome! Welcome aboard.  Let's get this done.
What are you doing to protect the ACA?
It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business.   "The Godfather" so many life lessons to be learned, especially relevant for New York.
"Too many insurance companies ..."?  Try "All insurance companies."  Their first order of business is to make money.
Who on earth ever decided to allow insurance companies to be for profit ventures? It makes no sense whatsoever.
Why else would they exist?
Insurance is there to cover expenses re: what they insure. They are NOT there to deny coverage so they can line their pockets.
I think everyone can agree to that. Too many gray areas? This is a complicated issue on so many levels
They all do.
Insurance is a business.
Healthcare is not.
Service providers are running business too. Drs are in business.
Life and people are what matter...healthcare shouldn't be treated like everything else... capitalism on steroids
What would the motivation be for our best and brightest to become Drs. I Agree we need changes

More government handouts, Senatot?
Deeply true.
Abolish insurance companies with the deductibles and copay most are self insured now.#SinglePayer is the only sane way.
So Obama care doesn't work?
Just listened to you on @BrianLehrer show. You're a true leader and I couldn't be more proud to call you my Senator. Keep up the good fight.
The goal of business is to turn a profit. If it serves it's customers well it earns more Why do we have business ignorant people in congress
#MedicareForAll is a BETTER DEAL for all Americans - @SenCortezMasto  - we demand the Better Deal & you need to abandon centrism & cosponsor
I wonder why @SenSchumer is not on board with #MedicareForAll?He has at least 134k reasons
And politicians value lobbies $ over will of people. Your point?
Remember when you lied to everyone and said our insurance was going to cost less with #PPACA? #YouLie. 20% of my income goes to #HealthCare
You mean to tell me private business wants to make money? Amazing
How about Tort reforms?  Insurance is high because of the costs in litigation and the outrageous awards.
There are too many big, for profit players influencing our health care system and its hurting citizens.
Yeah it's a problem but the fact the GOP might repeal ACA is actually a more pressing issue right now, would love you to focus on that
YES! People's sickness or health should not ever be left to the control of the free market capitalists. Greed will kill us as for sure!
Agreed
May I have a link to the bill? It would at least prove it exists. No one in #congress has acknowledged reading it.
Better than Medicare. People on Medicare still need supplemental insurance
Actually they do not. They can "choose" to add supplemental to their insurance when we can afford it.
@HillaryClinton has a great plan. https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/health-care/ …
This sounds much better than #MedicareForAll #SaveACA
That cant be wort a damn if crooked Hillary agrees with it
They have to profit to survive.  They help no one when they're out of business
Do Law firms and Lobbyists strive for profit or loss? Work for bonuses or for free?
#HealthCare should be Not-for-Profit
So Drs and nurses etc work for free? What would the motivation be? Education, equip etc costs money.
Please let's fix the #ACA and have #UniversalHealthCare #MedicareForAll won't work.
You need to be convincing the Republicans.
The only obstacles to ACA becoming universal, lowering costs, etc... is Republican majorities.

That's why the profit motive should be removed from essential services like healthcare, education, incarceration, utilities, transportation
Food, clothing, housing? Straight up communism?
Those are services?
If healthcare is a right, why aren't those basic needs? I don't think I'm conflating
There's a profit incentive tied to those needs too
Goods are tangible and easy for consumer to see value. Services are intangible so easier for provider to manipulate prices.
Let's ask the victims of the housing bubble, by that logic.
That was a banking issue, not a housing issue. Next.
no for-profit corporation is a public service organization. There are in it for the money.
As usual you ignore the results of long wait times, rationed care especially to older ppl, outrageous cost to taxpayers and the economy.....
Ignore it because those are lies. Learn from countries that does healthcare for all with no major issues. America is failing.
honestly, we need to start with Tort reform. Root cause analysis will show this as an issue. #tortreform #peopleoverprofits
Time for free market healthcare and to get politics self serving politicians and unelected unaccountable bureaucrats out of our healthcare.
But a private insurance company that's sole purpose is to make a profit is okay to be between you and your doctor??
I suggest free market healthcare which would offer options to insurance cos that would lower costs such as HSAs HRAs coops CDHPs....
1. Even before Obamacare costs were going up. It's not gonna get cheaper when a middleman demanding a profit.
We didn't have free market healthcare before Obamacare.
There is no free market anywhere.  So a mythical one would not save the day. Govt fund med research that drug companies profit from. And...
I'm all for blowing up the medical insurance industry but please make sure this is appropriately funded and sustainable.
Sounds great but doesn't add up
Medicarefarall is not better unless politics and control is more important than results. Free market is the answer.
Free market has had more than 200 years to work! If it were going to work it would have by now.  It doesn't .
We haven't had a free market. We should try it.
Part time unpaid congress.  Let's get people that give a shit like Trump into congress not career politicians #DrainTheSwamp
Time to pay those clowns back for pulling out the markets..#MedicareForAll
Maybe you should donate your salary to help pay for it. At least president Trump is donating his salary. Work for the people make govt small
Quit spending our tax dollars and saying your giving us something for free. That's hypocritical and why congress has such a poor rating
Get government out of healthcare. Everything government touches goes bad. How about Personal accountability for all
This is America, where profit is God.
Of course they value profit, that's how they stay in business. I don't see you working for Free while your budgets are in debt.
Jails and health should not be for profit
That will not motivate the best and brightest to become Doctors. Quality will suffer tremendously
Insurance companies are all about profit. Eliminate them from the equation offering government sponsored universal healthcare. See Canada.
This is why the government needs to get involved. Please do away w private healthcare.
But a private insurance company that answers to shareholders and not the public is the answer??? Give me a break. Your argument is bullshit.
Alienating customers not good business practice. Shareholders are patients too. System broken yes, single payer not good answer
#FreeMarketSolution
#NeverForceAmericansIntoInvoluntaryServitude
#Instead
#PaycongressAtTheEndOfTheWeek
and
#LetThemBuy 
#BenefitsTheyWant
Progress is the result of passion for the people. All people. Regression is the result of passion for SOME people
Terry Schivo ,Charley Gard. My son had SMA1 I would've killed someone who tried to take my  or his rights away. #GovernmentButtOut
Help to stop the newest Trumpcare bill, please. My senators won't. Medicare for all w/ full reproductive rights for women.
Something better yes.  Medicare for all,no.
When you moving to Canada, sooner the better
I have said this many times: It's about Cashcare, Not Healthcare! Money is the only "patient" Ins Co's care about. #Truth #Resist
So who pays for this free healthcare?
But you know enough how legislation is passed that it won't go through at this time, so focus on solutions that can pass to lower hc prices
Free market with no regulation. Get the government out of healthcare. They have completely botched veterans care. Free market for all!
Medicare sucks! People pay all of their SS for meds. Can't even afford to live due to high costs of premiums, meds. I don't want that mess
Too many elected officials value profit more than the people that elected them.
It's what they're supposed to do. It's why they should have nothing to do with healthcare.
Just get Bernie off the bill, it might have a chance.
Fuck that. I say we should call it BernieCare...and we will. Let that one sink in.
The only thing sinking in is that Medicare4All, at least as imagined by Bernie, is never going to get through. Too expensive.
Please.   Why do you think the insurance companies are leaving Obamacare?  They are losing money.  Stop bashing insurance companies.
Please list the advantages of having a For-Profit Insurance Middleman between me and my Doctor. Thank you. I'll wait.
You make decisions with your doctor about your healthcare.  Give me an example where the govt. has been efficient, fast and effective.
1. MEDICARE
My 98 yo mother is on Medicare and has NEVER had an issue with:
- finding a doctor of her choice
- scheduling for an appointment
Medicare is limited right now and has 60B in fraud (annually) and is likely to exceed 1.4 trillion.   Who is going to pay for that?
There's fraud in a Government, like ours, firmly based in Pay2Play. Fraud is a fact of life across the board. We all pay, but we'll pay LESS
No we won't.   You must be a teacher or college professor.
Well, perhaps the insurance companies could just set up funding mechanisms so those that prefer them over SP can continue to give them $
Thing w/ publicly traded co.s, shareholder value is job one. Anyone helped is very incidental.
Guts protections for PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS GOP repeal HAS elements the Senate rejected in previous repeal bills
Wrong focus. Fix healthcare delivery costs..not insurance
Yup, let's get Medicare that denies claims at a higher rate than the EVILLL private insurance companies. Sounds great!
Be aware of Graham Cassidy bill trying to repeal ACA! Vote no!
Do you have any idea how a business works? It's all about profit. Otherwise everyone should go home and start planting crops to eat
People's health shouldn't be a for-profit industry. Thank you @SenGillibrand for standing up for women and families. #Medicare4All
She talks about and brings awareness to and fights for issues that are important the me. #women #families #equality #reproductiverights
Never! Never! Think any insurance company is here to help!
Proud to have you as my Senator!
Drive for profit is a good thing. It increases competition in the marketplace, which keeps companies in check and mitigates discrimination.
Of course they value profit! That's what pushes companies to give the most valuable deal. The one everyone likes most. Profit motive.
2)The govt can't compete with anyone therefore they don't change the deal to suit the people best. But you can choose healthcare companies-
3)Just like you can choose airlines, or markets, or chain restaurants. Competition means better quality.
#MedicareforAll due to profit caps at 20 cents on the dollar that comment doesn't make sense
Too many politicians value reelection  more than the people they’re supposed to help. It's time for something better.
lil clue you know the answer. Is it Medicare only for seniors ( over the age 60's ) & correct Medicaid for all . That below the age of 60's?
How did state provided health care turn out 4 #CharlieGard? How does this encourage further medical innovation? How do we pay for it? -$20t
ur are finally recognized as a socialist
Of course they value profit that's why they're in business. And a Less Federal Regulations more competitive they can be with their pricing
That works for cars and house buying. Its patently untrue for healthcare. Why not copy all industrialized nations who care for their people?
How much will it cost Senator?
The US pays about 10k per person/per year on healthcare now. Under Bernie's single payer costs per person per year would be <1/2 that.
Link to this? I call bullshit
Actually, it's $10,345 per person, not $10k: 

U.S. health care spending reaches new peak
Thanks I will give it a read
No problem. I had heard this a while back at which time they said 10k annually, so that I why I quoted that amt. Apparently it has gone up.
Middle class pays for everybody. No thanks.
You do know that employer based health insurance is subsidized, right?
Too many? ALL. ALL insurance company value profit above people. Enough is enough.
The same as our #CorruptGovernment that's why both parties protect the insurance companies and banks above all! People are expendable
Strategically, this is a smart move....
Also fix Medicare too
Great PSA interview!
