President Trump announced that he will withdraw the United States from participation in the Paris climate accord http://nyti.ms/2qFOr35 
Nothing especially when a volcano erupts and emits more co2 than your brain can comprehend #climatehoax #AmericaFirst
Your job was to demand a vote in the senate on it over a year ago. Instead you let authoritarian rule over democratic rule.
He can't be for Paris Accord and write off all of what @POTUS44 did to address climate change.  It follows the current agenda.
45 is jealously obsessed with President Obama success and popularity. 45 willing to destroy world to step on all Obama success.
Perhaps the answer is to sanction the countries that permit fashion infringement to thrive.
I know! That is great!  Boulder, CO, my city, says the same, thank goodness!
So disheartening. We are a laughingstock, again. @EmmanuelMacron  has the right idea. #MakeOurPlanetGreatAgain
Paris climate decision proved current President way in over his head, cannot command, and is being controlled by corrupt interest groups.
Shuddering right there with you :(
oops Kirsten. Lol
Kristen pandering to your base is useless. Quit talking and do something for NY
Rising seas, more volatile skies, less geopolitical stability--that's what they will get. There is no sound reason not to reduce emissions.
What is your plan Kirsten to understand the views of the people you represent & how will u use that to combat issues coming from the WH?
Please tell us what you shudder to think! I heard that it was an unfair treaty.
How do we get him out of office?!? Why is impeachment taking so long? Treason with Russia and keeps making disastrous decisions! Enough!
#WhatWasDoneWithIt ?
Can you explain to #AmericanChildren #TotalCost of $500Million #Gift to #GreenClimateFund
#Borrowed for #30Years
Thats because you are a pandering tin hat , if you read the accord youd know china and india dont have to change anything for 13 YEARS.
#ThereAreNoFederalRegulations
#BanningCongressFromOverspendingTheirIncome
and #AbusingNationalDebt
#DoItForTheChildren
#KillTheDebt
What can we do to change this now?
Thank you for standing up against this insanity. We continue to support you!
Why aren't you and the other senators campaigning for an impeachment for mental healthy issues?
Please turn this shortsighted, dangerous decision into long term practical and responsible decisions-- lead us @SenGillibrand
Economic prosperity perhaps?
@nytimes OMG!!!!! In 100 years those people will have to deal with temperatures 0.2 degrees warmer! Oh no!!!!
You mean where the US pays millions of $$ to other countries all the while we lose more jobs overseas? Why do you hate America?
Oh the guilt they lay on. Harming our grandkids. Does this technique work? I don't believe it...
Think of the money we will save from this terrible deal. Maybe your jet setting pals can travel less and cut back on the carbon admission
Where were u in 09 when Dems controlled all 3 branches? U didn't care then. Why? Senate should have passed a treaty, instead O did his thing
"Agreement" is stacked against the US. You're great bashing all things Trump, but never come up with any solutions. 20 trillion in debt.
Yea who is running against kirsten cause I need to start supporting her opponent.
You should have your brain examined for damage then
@nytimes Have you read the agreement? Did you know you spending $80 billion and have no idea what you were getting for it?
They will have to deal with a greater more prosperous country than they have seen in at least the last 50 years.
2020!
@nytimes look at the EPA climate change study because they were making ridiculous statements educate yourself
We will #resist!!
I am so scared for my daughter and any children or grandchildren she may have.
Okay, that's it. I tried to restrain myself out of respect for the office, but...NOT MY PRESIDENT!! 
Gear the word out: he can't till 2020! So we need to get him out before then!!
Stop dicking around then and start Impeachment proceedings!  Get that IDIOT out of office.
Please fight this action.
It's be a real shame if NY claimed State's Rights and enacted the Paris Accord at a state level, ignoring 45's idiocy.
Reeeeeeal shame.

BREAKING: CA, NY and WA governors reject Pres. Trump's decision; will convene alliance of US states that want to uphold climate agreement
Reeeeeeal shame. 
The future: the polar ice caps have melted & the continents are deep beneath the waves. The survivors live on these floating fortresses 1/2
known as atolls, in this place called: Waterworld. 2/2
As do I
Thank you for being a voice of reason.
Yes, we taxpayers are forced to pay other nations while China and India skate. You yuppies are killing this nation in debt. Go hide.
Impeach him asap!!!!
Shudder at economic prosperity and making the rest of the world pay their way?
Read up on the facts
You will lose more than 1 million New Yorkers in population in the next 5 years. Put your thermometer away and work on that problem.
We survived the last 8 yrs. we can survive this 2 easily. Did you ever read this thing or are you just stupid?
I believe in Karma. All of those that advise #Trump to do horrible things to #America & #Americans will pay for it.

Global warming is a scam. Our president is 100 percent right!
It says this tweet is unavailable, must have been more 'communist propaganda.
It's called Prosperity!
This is a great thing for the USA. Finally we have a Leader in the @WhiteHouse . The @POTUS is going to #MAGA
@fud31
Read more real facts.
Relax
Oh no! you shudder to think?!! really? did u listen to his reasons, are u more concerned w/Paris than the USA? He will come up w/better plan
Isn't Repub leadership guilty now for future millions of deaths that will result from climate change?
It's apparent you don't have Americans interests as a top priority. Thank God President Trump loves America!
Just because we are not in a plan that costs trillions doesn't mean that we can't be stewards of our planet
This is the idiot they voted for
A rambling addle brained racist unhinged clueless on policy fool. 
Let's stay focused & impeach this nut.
Your hyperbole is far more dangerous than pulling out of a toothless BS "climate" accord based on junk science
HYPOCRISY.Coal, fracking, oil, big textile KILLS PEOPLE, water, air, food, wildlife. Science doesn't LIE LIKE @realDonaldTrump #liarinchief
Shortsighted is right. China makes a lot of money in manufacturing but their air quality is horrible. Greed is NOT good.
we will be better off
I hope and believe that states like California will lead the way to honor the Paris accord. I hope all states contribute to this.
Shudder away.
Back to the Russiagate. This is only a distraction and it should not even be discussed in the news cycle because it's not new!!!!
This is yet another reason I do NOT respect this administration!!!!
Can't wait for 2020, for a Dem presidency and undo the damage of this irrational regime
We have to get business and individuals on board to do it ourselves. Save the earth.
$20 TRILLION in debt is much worse for future generations.
The only thing that makes it good is Mar a Schlago disappearing under the rising ocean
You must have read Senator Schumer's talking points.
Very sad and scary
He doesn't care. He is old and lives an unhealthy lifestyle. You'd think he'd care for his kids &grandkids, but I guess not.
Zero positve out come for USA!!! 1/15000th of temperature difference by year 2100 with a $20k per family of 4 price tag, no!. #MAGA #POTUS
How about a go fund me to replace our dollar commitment let's see how many are willing to spend there own money to save the planet
No worry. The future will be short.
All so he can finally get a "win" for his campaign promises.
Run for POTUS.
Please work with @SenSchumer to help NYS stay ahead of the fight of climate change
We will survive this decision Kirsten. Will we survive with people like you in Washington? That is something that makes me shudder.
We have to build a sea wall to prevent the next Sandy. Time for the city to protect itself. Perhaps we don't send as many tax dollars to Fed
You didn't even listen to what he is saying, You can't possibly think our country is taking up the wazoo with this agreement. He is right!
@nytimes I simply can not believe we can let this go on @SenSchumer This is sickening
Remove him from office before we storm the lawn
Our descendants will refer to the flooded coastal cities they see as "TrumpTowns", putting Hoover to shame.
That is so sad #climatechange
That presumes that there will be future generations. I'm not so sure.
Then move inland.
It's only 3yrs-7 months more
7years 7 months
amen to that!!
3 followers? Bot much dreamer
sorry to break it to you but i'm not a bot!!
& why do you delete each tweet?
Climate change happens every 100,000 yrs, in and out of ice age and between. The question is : do human activities cause it?????
Hey...Get him the hell out of there before he kills us all
what Sharon said!!!
We must absolutely return to fixing this in less than four years.
@SenGillibrand please read the treaty and realize it is nothing but ourMoney not yours paying for it! We can do it our selves!
Really? You really believe that? #climatechange
Facts are wonderful. Climate change as marketed is baloney.
What, all for a few tenths of a degree C?  And the US is no longer the biggest contributor, by a long shot.
Senator, please call your colleagues across the aisle and impeach this monster.  It's on you and them.
Unfortunately too many of my Upstate NY neighbors are onboard with Trump poisoning the planet if it means jobs.
On September 11, 2001 Bin Laden killed 3000 Americans. On June 1, 2017 #Putz45 killed millions more.
He needs to be impeached
We've got to spread the word abt the economic advantage of clean energy.
