I thought under ACA all women could go to a doctor? Why go to PP?
PP doesn't even do prenatal care. I don't even know why a woman would choose PP over a full service OB-GYN.
(1) cost; (2) PP does other stuff: STD testing & contraception, e.g.; & (3) at least some PPs *DO* provide prenatal care!
1. ACA or Medicaid cover OBGYN visits. 2. OBGYNs do STD testing and contraception 
3. Not one PP does PreNatal care, only referrals to OBGYN
1. OK
2. OK
3. Not sure that's accurate nationwide, but surely in some cases.
But I'm not following you. PP = provider of medical services.
Point I was trying to make is that hysteria over PP defunding is unfounded. OBGYNs do everything PP does and also provide prenatal.
OK:
1. In many areas, not enough OB-GYNs to meet demand.
2. Many OB-GYNs don't take Medicaid.
3. PP are doctors. Why defund them?
1. Where there is demand, supply will follow 
2. Not sure, but prob true. But Hospital OBs take Medicaid.  
3. PP provides abortions
See Melissa Bartick's YouTube and the work funded by The Kellogg Foundation. It will give you hope. There ARE smart people solving problems.
It allows insurance plans to be made available to anyone who does not want to pay for plans that cover maternity care. Stop the rhetoric.
Our maternity care costs with my son nearly doubled from previous pregnancies thanks to what the ACA did to all insurance plans.
PRO BIRTH Party not Pro-life
BUT...they will still get care, just like before Obamacare.
We're #1 maternal death rate among industrialized countries. How much worse can we treat women?
Why would any woman vote republican?
Cause they work that's why
Knowing we have Kristin representing us is a comfort and and a beacon in a dark time.
Sorry! Kirsten!! Not Kristin!!!
You are very correct SenGillibrand
All lies
Trump tells us Ivanka is the caring, wise, feminine WH advisor for 'women who work'...but we're not elig 4 prenatal & childbirth healthcare?
No true!!
Then because of your compassion, support a Senate #MedicareForAll bill, please.
She's supported Medicare for All since 2006
I'm hoping she'll co-sponsor a bill in the Senate. And I wasn't being snarky, I was being sincere.
Misandry is strong with you
That's not true, at all.
I'm a woman who wants to start a family soon. I'm definitely thinking (and am very worried) about it!!
What says "Pro-Life" more than cutting maternity benefits?
So more abortions instead of deliveries that make no sense whatsoever...
#GopAreCompletelyStupid
Politicians only have one talent.  To argue.  Not to win. Just argue.   You cant trust either side with heathcare.  Look at va and medicare
I hope GOP not doing dis bec of the increasing surrogate pregnancies
Yeah, think of it. All those women having to pay for their own pregnancy, and not making the rest of us cover their abortions too. That's ok
And no birth control or abortion coverage either. It's almost like they want...
They don't care.
Those who don't support single payer are complicit...
hes trying to perpetrate a new form a genocide, killing off middleclass and poor, young and old, women and children #EconomicDarwinismviaACA
It means less healthy babies and moms; possibly more preemies, possibly more babies with disabilities. Deplorable
Medicaid should never been expanded to included a large number of people at higher incomes levels.
What a false statement you intentionally wrote. Of course, you cleverly used the word "could". You also "could" tell truth, but you don't.
If you read the proposed health care bill it does not say that stop spreading fake news fear and hate
If you want socialized medicine go screwed up California. You are a total embarrasment to this state. Take chukie with you
So horribly wrong and dangerous. The repukelicans are insane mysoginists!!
Yeah the DEMONCRATS plan was so nice. Take away choice and option
What a LIE!  Free birth control & abortion service provided by planned parenthood isn't maternity care.  PP doesn't provide prenatal care
Obamacare needs to be repealed and government needs to get out of our health insurance
The ACA markets could be so much stronger if only the rhetoric of the Republicans and Trump weren't meant to sabotage...
Millions of Americans will fear a job change because they may be without HC for more than 61 days and be penalized by higher premiums
Millions of Americans will once again be saddled with the fear they or a loved one will hit their lifetime max under their healthcare plan.
Millions of children could lose essential healthcare that ensures they are developing through healthy milestones. Think about that too.
#ThinkAboutThis
You are #FreeToChoose
to #Support13Amendment
#ButInstead are
#ForcingAmericanGirlsToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
#Why ?
@CR
#ThinkAboutThis
#HowManySecondsOfEveryDay does #CongressWaste11000Dollars
#All86400Seconds
#430BillionFY2016
#congressionalDebtAbuseInterest
And the USA's maternity care now ranks with  sub - Saharan  Africa! What a record for the wealthiest country on the planet!
I'll take having my own place again over health care thank you.
There's definitely no guarantee they'd keep it under Obamacare.
Already lost it under Obama care
No babies for me without stability and sanity in our country!
Tx you for your hard work!
Well, I'm sure trump supporters don't mind paying for having babies! Just like I'm sure they won't mind paying for Mamograms & pap smears
AND lose access to contraceptives. Bad combo.
For our friends starting families that aren't convinced #BCRA will impact them, send them to @amistillcovered http://amistillcovered.com !
Thousands of ur Delphi women retirees had healthcare & pensions STOLEN by ur team & u have supported it. Think about that until elections
@realDonaldTrump @SenMikeLee @DarrellIssa
Your just as bad as Schumer and Pelosi with your lies.. JUST STOP IT!!
The rich only want rich babies
That's when shit goes all #HandmaidsTale @HandmaidsOnHulu
Isn't pregnancy a preexisting condition under #Trumpcare? Maybe we shld have men as preexisting condition as well?
OMG repubs, there could be fetuses dying right along with their moms. . . You better do something!
No....think again.
women need to slap the shit out of uncle-dummy
Since when did any woman get pregnant without sperm? And yet we should be the only ones with responsibility to bear the kids? Really?
Keep fighting for us President Gillibrand.
Not true. Stop trying to scare the liberals
You are not saying would you are saying could. Time to start talking facts.
I had an unintended pregnancy 1 yr ago. Not sure how we would've made it work w/out ACA. Women & families deserve dependable maternity care
adolph #trump is a traitor, racist, liar, delusional and destroying America. .@RepKathleenRice .@POTUS .@FLOTUS the eunuch .@GOP
Yes spread your hate, fear, lies, white supremacy theory, resist
They're pro life unless pro billionaire gets in the way
IF THAT IS TRUE THEN THE MOMENT THAT OCCURS IS THE "SIGNAL" THAT "TYRANNY" PERVADES OUR REALITY -- THAT WILL BE THE TIME TO PRACTICE THE 2nd
Pregnancy is a FAMILY issue. They are not just hurting women.  There will be a population decrease because it is too expensive.
Lose maternity coverage AND funding for @PPact...so basically women are supposed to cross their fingers and hope they don't get pregnant!
Thinking about your tweet. Does that mean Democrats now understand truth that God creates life at conception?
another liar
@GOP only care about babies when the babies are still fetuses. They don't care if they die at birth or shortly after.
"pro-life"
Could and would are two completely different things.  If someone chose not to have such coverage, then they would have no coverage.
So @GOP says aborting fetuses is wrong; but denying mothers the medical care needed to bring healthy children safely into the world is OK?
Why no word about the flooding in Utica, NY?  Everyone know how you are voting.  Why not find fed. Money and support for your follow NYers!
Trumps lying as daughter & wife told a different story @realDonaldTrump
A second's not gonna do it KG. Stop this abomination. Do everything you can.
It's time for the 25th!
Need to forward this tweet for political purposes.
Yes they would
Stop thinking and start doing!!
Bull
They don't care.  Women are vessels.  Fetuses are nothing once they pass through the birth canal.  Evil.  Mean people.
Prove it! More liberal lies.
..and what are the Democrats going to do about it?, except complain...
So much for that "pro life" stance of theirs.
We've been thinking about it!!!
Gillibrand/Harris in 2020
Well I guess they at least speak a good "Right to life"  but not willing to put money where thier rhetoric is.
I hope you don't mean from planned parenthood...
Think about fact that I don't want or need maternity coverage but am forced to buy it under Ocare but you think that is OK
Hypocrisy!!  Pro life but no maternity care!!!  GOP what's wrong with you!!
Some women with health care under ACA had to pay medical bills 100% out of pocket. It's NOT AFFORDABLE!
The GOP wants to force women to give birth, but go out of their way to make it prohibitively difficult to choose to have a child.
Instead of complaining and stirring up hate, why don't you do your job and reach across the aisle to solve?
your body your choice. My wallet my choice.
Not so simple. Not so black and white.
if you're referring to planned parenthood and abortion at the taxpayers expense then let them lose it.
Millions of women currently lack healthcare in America. Think about that too because it is unacceptable! #HealthCareForAll #SinglePayer
Use @botresist to fax, call, or send letters to your Senators...NOW #Resist
@jwomack While Trump budget would bludgeon public health funding just as zika season gets underway...
Where are the Vigilant pro-life people why are they not speaking out and saying this health care bill is anti-life
Maybe, but Planned Parenthood will always be there to clean up the mess, right?
@SenGillibrand - I know by your Tweet you did not read the Healthcare Bill because you would not use " could lose ".
welfare recipient is to plantation owner as taxpayer is to slave #RepealObamacare
America is a third world nation when it comes to woman's rights.
Where's your proof of that?
Straight up lie.
For Republicans, this isn't a problem.  It's a selling point.
When are these men going to realize that without women, they wouldn't be here?
@SenToomey Explain this aging white male lawmaker. No safety net for women, forced birther  and no medical care. Survival of fittest. #death
There would be no men if women did not bear children. Think about that for a second. #NoAHCA
Gee, I wonder if that would cause any unintended downstream consequences.
Pretty sure all the downstream consequences here are fully intended!
First it's birth control now it's maternity coverage! Which one is correct?
Which means millions of unborn babies without health care - which will eventually result in national crisis
How about you make even the slightest attempt to rid Medicaid of fraud and abuse and we can have an  convo #BronxLebanonHospital

Enough data verifies that maternal deaths in USA are among the highest in the world (incl. nations w/ primitive healthcare).
You just Flat Out Lie - no-one is losing coverage - the Medicaid net is there for all
Keep fighting for us!!
R's are big on "survival of the fittest" whether physically or financially or, preferably, both.
Need an aspirin from all the thinking they're making us do.
Thats bulshit you know it's.
As well as our BC coverage while will result in more pregnancies that are not covered. Thanks for fighting for women everywhere senator!
"Maternity care"?  Is that the euphemism for abortion now?  You liberals just won't use that word, will you.
Well they have Plan Parenthood. Oh wait. They only offer termination services.
Would please post the bill so we can read It ? I would like to verify and read that for myself.
Population control nuts will be thrilled about the no child policy.
Ideas not attacks
SENATOR DOES THAT MAKE ANY SENSE!
SENATOR THEY COMPLAIN THAT THE ACA IS BROKEN ;YET THEY WANT SOMETHING WORSE!
Men who want strong, healthy children should be concerned about the health of the women who are bearing those childrdn!
Can we reframe this?  Instead of saying women could lose care, the Republican health care bill will take care away from women.
So men get their viagra but women can't get birth control or coverage for their unborn?  #GOP only cares about pro-life inutero, not infant
"pro-life" party strikes again!
@RepChrisSmith pls think deeply about this. Pregnancy and child birth are high risk for mother AND child.
So pro life. Whatta buncha hypocrites.
CA. has found that treating the mom as well as baby has actually driven costs down. Think about that, GOP:
It's about women, no one has the time to think about them. Such is the America of 2017. 
#RetrogressiveAmerica
And people in the midst of life-saving treatment. Repeal without replace is the most reprehensible thing our elected officials could do.
How the AHCA Is Bad for Women - Trumpcare Targets Women
and the ripple effect that employers could adopt the same restrictions in their plans to cut costs, no one is safe, complacency hurts all
That is a lie.
If men don't want to pay for abortion, birth control, or prenatal care, then I suggest we pass a law requiring a vasectomy (you pay!), OK?
That's a good plan for your family. In fact, I'll pay...
I'd like to have another child. While we have employer coverage, the protections by the ACA greatly benefit pregnant/breastfeeding women.
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan get at our expense.
Thanks to the 53% of white women that voted for trump!
Really? They do prenatal care? Think about that again please
And Trump is tweeting about violence.
All Republican senators wives, etc. need to start practicing abstinence for the long haul, GOP run by misogynists
I'm pretty sure that's already a thing 
Yeah, you're right
I have two daughters. I think about that every day.
Shut up. You're #Misandry n #Feminist #Lies are going to get you voted out. NY/USA will be better off.
#Gilead
#HandmaidsTale
Don't call it a Healthcare bill. Call it a HealthFail bill. It is NOT a good bill.
Time for Vigilance 4 HealthCARE! NOT White surpremacy!
a second? they think about that every day.
Which women are you referring to? Explain?
ALL WOMEN.
Those sick white women voted for Trump. Dark ages.
Blame the democrats for putting up a stupid criminal as their candidate to run against Trump! Ppl. are tired of the status quo in DC!!!
Stop the bs
BS, these are facts and you know it unless your that stupid to know what laws she broke! Look up the Fed. statutes concerning her E-mails!
Get a grip. Stop the bs.
Let's also think about how we get pregnant!
Exactly! Taking away mandatory birth control coverage!
don't worry Viagra and penis pumps are still covered
Seriously. I think now that everyone's read The Handmaid's Tale, we all need to go back and read Lysistrata...
Or think about it for 9 mos. as so many women will have to do :/ we can do better
Never lost on me that everyone is on this earth, including GOPers because a woman gave birth. It's an incredible insult! #Resist
In other words, everyone on this Earth is here because their mothers were not selfish and irresponsible and decided to give birth, not abort
Not what I said. Not the issue.
Everyone is here because they were born and not aborted. Just reading between the lines.
we are talking about women losing maternity coverage, not abortion, troll along Steeve.
I thinked but nothing happaned 
Do they understand there will be TONS more abortions?
And they want to make it harder to get birth control and abortions while they're at it.
Buy your own damn birth control. Why do I have to pay?
Because it's good public policy, it saves more money than it costs by reducing unwanted pregnancies.
Got a job?
I do. Why, you need someone to write better tweets for you?
Frankly, I'm surprised you can write.
After @gop forces them to have a baby, too.
Please stop the fear mongering!!!
#25thAmendmentNOW #RESIST
Article V Convention! DESTROY the #DeepState.
