...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The problem seems to be the anti-Trump obstructionist mayor, not the executive office in DC for a change.
The problem. Since November has been trump.
To be honest, the problem has been the last 100 yrs and is Washington DC, both parties.
SHE is a LOT BETTER than you, Donald!  You are a disaster--Nero fiddling while Rome burns!
Offensive when the mayor of San Juan is giving an interview in front of thousands of supplies and no Puerto Ricans to drive the trucks
When the going gets tough, the Trump goes golfing.
I am furious (and I'm not even American or Puerto Rican)!
Like Russian Czar-- "City of Bones: is St. Petersberg so P Rico becomes "Island of Bones"
Put some pressure on the republican please
Lots of GOOD Material for SNL! Thanx DonOLD
While Louisiana Flood Victims Swam in Feces, Obama Chilled on Martha’s Vineyard Golf Course
Obama was not President during Hurricane Katrina. That would be Bush.
Goes to show you how ignorant people are
It doesn't help them to criticize Trump criticizing the mayor.
MorethanTHAT! INCompetent&OFFENSIVE! #CutheTRump Stick HIMon ISland W/OUT Water&FOOD Please! SNL Went2Town;)
At least he didn't have a shirt and hat printed up while people are in crisis.
you should rethink who you're supporting here President that tells how it is or a mayor thats getting people killed
Screams for help are coming out...Calls to bypass the government

#SOSPuertoRico…
@realDonaldTrump #WorstPotusEver
The likes of you just want to destroy current presidency..Obama would have been much worse
Once again spread half and zero truths shame on you dems!
What's offensive is your pathetic attempt to obscure the truth. PR authorities and businesses agree with Trump.
But... Isn't that the fact? A country needs to be built in one week. With abundant help from MSM/DEM in the form of criticism, lies and hate
Lying propaganda you couldn't even begin to figure this one out.
If we had a president. Instead we have a thrift store Richard Dawson.
Thrift store Richard Dawson???  I don't really get it but itd crestive, that's for sure!
Trump's a game show host, and a shitty one at that.
Don’t think that this president can be
We agree, in another 24 hrs he will make another horrendous comment. He does this because he enjoys the attention. The USA deserves better.
Spoiled brat!
He is doing as much as possible.
Poor leadership ability. WOW! was this buffoon looking in a mirror?
The poor leadership in coming from the White House.
He will never be better than this. Every day is the lowest point of his life.
As well, the US of A.
I believe we’ll survive and emerge stronger. There are good times ahead for the US. Not Trump.
I hope so 
Kirsten, you would be the last person in the world anyone would take leadership advice from!
OMG!  
Here's that strong blonde woman in front of all the supplies she says she doesn't have.
News Flash...he's not. Never has been. Never will be.
He doesn't know how to be better. Pure evil narcissicism.
Not to mention, hypocritical.
the 10 sec tweets can wait, but clearly he is correct. she's walking in flood waters w/ bullhorn & not working with their governor or FEMA
He should be better than lots of things he tweets...but he's not. 
He CAN'T be. Because he's NOT 'better than this.' He's a petty, vindictive, ego-maniacal bully w/delusions of grandeur. That's HIM.
FU
Why don't you go & drive the trucks that PR won't drive?  Supplies R there! Look at mayor's photo op before u open your mouth
WTH is President to do when PR Mayor won't deliver supplies to the people! Mayor does photo w/ supplies behind her!
#MaybeOrMaybeNotBut
#OneThingWeKnowForSure
#WithContinuedCongressionalDebtAbuse
#TheCountryWillNoLongerEndure
#BudgetIncomePayoffDebt
It's sad but he is right. What do you think of you support for the unions now that they will not work to deliver needed supplies in P. R.
Incapable of empathy
The truth hurts get drivers wasting people's money with sitting containers!!!
ITMFA!
When the polls are open I don't see them voting Republican any time soon.
The President should be IMPEACHED, Senator let's start now!
Isn't there competency criteria that a sitting president must meet before there are grounds for us to have him removed???
Yet, time and time again, he's not.
Well he's not really a president so ....
Then why don't you leave your comfy quarters and help the "millions" in person? Your DEMagoguery is pitiful. Put your words into actions!
Any 1 of these irresponsible tweets would get #PM sacked in the UK 4 #POTUS 2 criticise a public servant publicly at this time #disgrace
when the mayor of san juan is actually boycotting our country from delivering goods to her people you should be ashamed of yourself
IMPOSSIBLE! .@realDonaldTrump HAS NO EMPATHY, NO LEADERSHIP, NO COMPASSION .@GOP Get ready for a sea of BLUE VOTERS
you need to read up on what's really happening in PR before shooting off. Truckers strike. Communists not playing nice.
Are you really surprised, senator? This is normal behavior from this guy. Disgusting as always.
But he will never be better than this. Only worse. He's stunningly awful.
Clueless wonder he is sending tons of food water etc. Truckers (teamsters on strike) really during this crisis!?
And by the way, looks to me like she's doing an awesome job.
President Trump is doing a fantastic job.  Far better than the occupier Obama.  Way to politicize catastrophes, swamp rat
“Should” is the operative word.
what have you done? What aid have you given? When will you visit? 
@realdonaldtrump
How about a thank you to the 10k on the ground? 10k Might not be enough but the 10k there are working their asses off.
The San Juan mayor is a FALN backer and communist.   Her motives are political.
He should say nothing and her down there himself
@SenSchumer, @NancyPelosi, @SenKamalaHarris, @SenWarren, @BernieSanders, nobody saying one thing abt Virgin Islands they took direct hit...
...from Irma and Maria according 2 @StaceyPlaskett says the relief efforted isn't being handled well their either so stop ignoring...
Virgin Island. Puerto Rico is important but so is the Virgin Island or backlash might be felt in 2018 or 2020...
He's illegitimate and must be removed. He's an embarrassment and unfit.
Only offensive is idiot dems trying to play politics with PR..while supplies are rottening in ships in harbor!
typical union drivers playing games..declare Marshall Law & move their butts. replace idiot major!
you total ungrate..he is doing a great job..it is the dems on the grd who are incompetent.move the dam supplies
Why would you think he would act any differently than he is presently doing, by victim blaming of an island of brown people.
Funny that anyone would think @realDonaldTrump would be better than anything...
No president as been better than this
The governor said he was getting everything he asked for. Then mayor goes and anti trump rant. It's Trump, she thought he would take it.
The "President " needs to get his ass over there and see what these Americans need in Puerto Rico
Have republicans done anything but defend his sorry ass on this? Beyond comprehension.
Who really care about the mayor of San Juan. She is just following the Democrats play book after being feed twisted news.
You know he doesn't care about anyone but his base. We are in C. fla. if you can send me a family of 2 we can help.
Keep blaming Trump. You  Democrat always for negative
SENATORAI  FILLY  THEY WERE NAD ARE ONYEARS  ON WELFRE THEY DO NOT  WORK THEY ARE RECEIVERS AND THEY DO NOTPAY TAXES   IKE ROE GILLI
He is incapable of being better.
The person you call the president isn't,  never has been and never will be better,  only worse. Stop wasting your breath ... finger energy.
AND SO SHOULD YOU SENATOR. TRUMP IS CORRECT ABOUT PR AND ITS LEADERSHIP.
when in need show humilty not your political indifference. By that you receive compassion specialy from the Trump supporters.
Nobody is prepared for something lile this POTUS should cut him a break, but the mayor needs to accept the unconditional help being offered.
Spoken by a true moon bat liberal senator.. Never ever satisfied..
Dems instead of talking about it  how bad it is for PUERTO RICAN bring a $100 billion to $250 Billion AIDE and REBUILDING bill to congress
It is beyond the pale that @realDonaldTrump can make statements like this when people are hurting
Bureaucratic or Logistic ?
The president should be but this clown doesn't even have basic decency!!
Such an unbalanced human being, and I'm being kind.
Have you met "the president"?
Everybody knows all you're doing is spreading hate and discontent and Demoturd lies.
You are being to kind...
But he isn't. Now what?
President Trump did a marvelous job helping Americans in Texas, Florida, PR and VI during 3 Hurricanes in 1 month! Thanks President Trump 
He should be, but he won’t be. What you see is what you get. He’s not going to change.
maybe it's time to tell truth and stand for America instead of socialism and their lying media!!!
100%!!
Not the time to criticize anyone during a crisis just not the right thing to do! Be positive not negative it doesn't help anyone!
Ass
What an astonishingly ignorant statement reflective of the gross incompetence/negligence/inhumanity of this administration #45MUSTGO
The Mayor of PR shouldn't be an ingrate...  standing in front of pallets of food and water she attacks the President for not sending aid?
And you are a hypocrite @SenGillibrand
Au_contraire senator you should be better, practice what you preach.
I would like to know how Trump blames the mayors for his shortcomings
@MybestgirlHolly @realDonaldTrump but he is not.
"Millions" are not in crisis!
bear this in mind when you vote to have this very sick person, from office. vote yes to impeach trump the dump.
We need to push harder for articles of impeachment. He is totally unfit for office.  It's time to get him out.
Bernie would have won
He is a sick evil miscreant grifter who should be in prison or the mental ward #NotMyPresident #Impeach #IMPRISON
Dem's never let a good Disaster go to waist again you try to manipulate a situation into a political gain . logistically a nightmare "STOP"!
Thank you senator. Now could the US Congress please get off their collective asses put away the tweeterer and #dosomething about this madman
Why? The Mayor in San Juan lied through her teeth, image of despair she paints a as the pallet of goods behind her sits.
Ms. Gillibrand, This may be the understatement of the year.
and #potus w #gop  think inside trader (?) #PriceIsWrong - is a good man! #PriceResigns #HealthCareForAll
You are offensive, Ms. Gillibrand! MY President is doing a fantastic job!! Your fake rhetoric is tiresome!
#you figure out how to get drivers and trucks in there troublemaker
Nauseating.  How low can he go?
Your tweet Sir shows very poor leadership
What's worse is the mayor using this hardship to slam trump! The governor states he's doing a great job. Pathetic woman! She a dem Perhaps?
And you can see with your own eyes why he's unfit to lead. Invoke the 25th Amendment!
That's not possible. He has no clue, compassion or empathy. Throw some racism and bigotry on top of that. This is all we can expect from him
He can't help himself; he's mired in malice.  People are dying under extremely unsanitary conditions & resorting to looting & killing.
He should be impeached
what do we expect from the grab 'em by the p*ssy president, him to hand out candy-canes? he's a waste of carbon.
STFU!!!
Directed at Dotard, not you Senator!
It goes way beyond offensive. Congress needs to remove him. He is not mentally fit for office.
PR gov. corrupt, mismanagement of money. 120 BILLION in debt. Why? Where the $ go? OFFENSIVE!!!
PR truck drivers STRIKING REFUSING to help their own ppl. OFFENSIVE!!! Union garbage!!!
https://www.facebook.com/ProgramaLaVerdad/videos/545755489090191/ … Truck drivers in PR on STRIKE is offensive!!!
Why didn't PR prepare in advance? Oh, because it is easier to blame others for your failure of preparation.
He can't be.  This is him, unfiltered.
If he were better than this @realDonaldTrump wouldn't be on a golf course today he would be working #PuertoRicoAssistance #PuertoRicoCrisis
i think people forget he's not the president he's the faded star of The Apprentice
Well he should be but this is what we get when it's all about him and not the people of Puerto Rico wish they would just ask him not to come
Call for impeachment from the senate floor on Monday. This should be the end of it.
Must be done with Russia onto the next fake news story
#fakenews
It's the truth. I know that truth offends liberals, but it can't be denied.
Glad to have a president who isn't afraid to speak the truth
The president is doing miraculous well   The island was destroyed not to mention neglected by its corrupt govnmt. You should understand that
He should be, but we all know he is not
Why would you think Prez would "be better than this"?
He's not better than this, in fact he and his deplorables are no better than anyone!
Why are you/we still talking about "should be better"? He's not and never will be.
Maybe the truth is what the people of Puerto Rico need.  If your leaders fail you they need to be replaced.  I stand by my president.
No, @SenGillibrand, he is incapable. Now is the time for Congressional leaders to show up and step up. #LeadershipNow
@SenGillibrand please step up your response to this. It's way more than "offensive". Be strong and call him out for what he really is.
@realDonaldTrump I say we dump tRump in the middle of PR and see how soon he complains.  PR has little right now. He's nuts!
"should be" ? President Dotard is never better, he is always WORSE, far, far, worse than our worst nightmares. Always. SAD!
He can’t be better; he’s rotten to the core, no capacity, zombie soul lost!!
All you have to do is replace who he’s attacking with him
He should be better than this when millions aren't in crisis
He's not better than this. This is who he is. It's how he campaigned. It's what people voted for. And it's what GOP has knowingly enabled.
He had a lot on his mind. He was trying to assess how the green was breaking.
But he's not and never will be.
He's not.
We know what to expext from this president and it is why we should never be surprised. he is an embarASSment.
He's a hateful boy no more
IMPEACH THIS SOB!  @realDonaldTrump
He will never be better than this. This is exactly who he is and he shows us that again and again!
Reprehensible, that Trump keeps attacking everyone in such trying times. He is just an angry old man!
@jack should personally remove this garbage from Twitter.  I mean remove TRUMP, jack... stop playing to money, start upholding the rules.
the president is the person that sets the tone in our country. every time we think trump can go no lower he does. trump is so unpresidential
Perhaps you should with with @POTUS instead of being an obstructionist sheep.
@getots *This* @potus has not the will/heart/soul to do anything differently. HeSociopathic Delusional Malignant Narcissist
On the outside chance anyone sees this: Use Stingray cell phone sites which the FBI has w/portable generators to provide cell service in PR.
The problem, Senator, is that @POTUS isn't better than this. This is who he is. Indifferent, inconsiderate, unprofessional. #fireTrump
If the leadership in PR is so good the why are they bankrupt, lazy people....
The credibility of the presidency is at an all-time low.
He "should" be better, but he can't.  He is deficient in character and ability.  #UnfitToBePresident
Should we NOT call people out when they are terrible at what they do. God knows you guys do it all the time!
The continued "Hate" for our President whom we the people elected, will result in dishonest democrats losing seats in 2018!
He will never be better than this. Ever. He should be fired.
She's a woman. He's a pussy grabber. What do you expect? If your sycophant pussy isn't available to him he verbally bashes you.
A google search for the exact phrase "a new low for Trump" yields 90,700 results.
Sadly, he will never be better than this. He lacks any shred of decency or humanity.
His not a patriot. He will sell his soul to the devil to win a 2nd term. God Bless America @SenGillibrand @realDonaldTrump
Trump is not going to be better than this, he's going to be worse than this.
So disingenuous an absolute shame
Yes some people , want some body also to do Evrithing for thens
But... what do you expect from #presidentCheetoh? #TrumpHole
"the" president? yes. *our* president? no. this is par for the course.
The President isn't a weak GOP. WILL FIGHT BACK AGAINST LIES
