The heroes of the Democrats...no wonder they only carry 14 state legislatures now.
Democrats - the true bigots.
With heroes like this who needs villains:
You are supporting an anti-Semite and FGM supporter. She said she would take vaginas away from women who "don't deserve them.
Oh wow! Good 4 u ! Now resign. Muslim Brotherhood and FGM? Poison to Independece for women. So proud my foot?!
Disappointed in you. Linda Sarsour embraces convicted terrorist Rasmea Odeh & campaigns for others. There's no honor there.
And, by the way, Kirsten, honey, REAL suffragists didn't believe in wifebeating, or wearing disgusting hats. Makes you look like idiots!
You support linda and she supports FGM.  she wants to take away thier vaginas but,  she'll settle for throwing acid in thier faces.

You write about a known jihadi activist and call it an honour. I call that arabist appeasement and politically correct apologist bullshine.
It is because the Democrat brain is stuck in the 19th Century with Newtonian Physics (action, reaction, etc.).  They are "Newtonian Democrats."   Whatever the Republicans do, they are against it.  Whichever way Republicans lead, they are for exactly the opposite.
It will be my pleasure to join every effort to have you removed from the Senate. You are a traitor to your country and to womanhood. Fool.
Is this just the naivety of privileged ignoramuses, or is this conscious treason? Sarsour is no suffragist, do you really still not get it?
why there are no Asian?
Women make the world go 'round
Without them it would be
Like a cabinet picked by Trump
Like a lock without a key
praising sharia law you just lost your spot as a senator we will work hard to vote you out
Amen to that!!
You support an anti-Semitic sharia loving woman who believes women are 2nd class citizens.  Epic.
@slone @SenGillibrand @womensmarch 

She's either a traitor, stupid or naive! See #JohnGuandolo youtube 

#RT #news #Islam
So Kirsten, does this mean you are FOR Sharia law (wife beating, etc)? And... people still read Time magazine? Who knew?
Great patriots.
Female genital mutilation.  Supported here.  Disgusting.
puhleez!
1) Show where they have commented on the FGM arrest in Detroit.
2) https://twitter.com/PixeledPatriot/status/855085987269152768 …
if u support @lsarsour then u do not support women. Shame on you! U make me embarrassed to be from NY
I really don't see you getting your seat back just saying
Linda Sarsour is a terrorist. 
Shame on you, but not surprised. 
Hacks gonna hack.

Just another Terrorist enabler...
Sharia women's march. This is what America will look like if Sasour has her way.
Most of Europe is screwed, except for Poland, Hungary and Czech Republic! But they're being "punished" by EU!
@thehill we have americans in harms way and @SenGillibrand promoting terrorist.
Sharia law turns women into slaves. The woman on the right supports Sharia law. What the hell is wrong with you?
Lying Linda the Cockroach Sarsour is an extreme misogynist, pro-sharia, hamas-linked. self-evident evil
Omg!!  Gotta share this...
Oh there's plenty more regarding Cockroach
Pro-ISIS with her tawhid salute

https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/04/nyc-giving-10-million-to-linda-sarsour-hate-filled-supporter-of-palestinian-jihad …
Think long ya think wrong.
Hello? Linda Sarsour called for Jihad. That means holy frickin' war.
You should try researching @lsarsour sometime. Might learn something. I look forward to this tweet one day destroying your presidential run.
Linda Sarsour is an anti-American Muslim who believes in terrorism and oppression of women
You are a disgusting woman and an abuse enabler. Please just go away as you are evidently unfit to serve. You have Newtonian brain syndrome.  Why do these democrats react the way they do, in spite of their own history, in spite of all reason, logic, o...r sense?
At least one is a terrorist
Dont forget Donna Hylton a brave suffragette for torturing and murdering an elderly gay man so brave! God the left needs to stop wasting O2
Women handed Trump the presidency now they need to unite and take this predator out of the WH! Bravo to women who resists.
So long as they aren't resisting Sharia law, then it's all good!  Sharia for everybody!
@SenGillibrand, I took the 30 seconds to look up your friend for you, since your staff, and you, were so busy. #maga
http://www.frontpagemag.com/fpm/265552/anti-semite-who-organized-womens-march-washington-john-perazzo …
I live in NYC & have never voted R in my life but if you're going to support a fascist like Linda Sarsour then your seat is up for grabs.
You do realize that Sarsour recently called for jihad against POTUS and America at fundraiser for a group tied to Hamas, right?
Did you also write about their admiration for misogynist, homophobic, antisemitic & racist Nation of Islam?
if I'm wrong I apologise.
isn't the woman on the far right trying to encourage other women in the US to live by  Shari law. I don't see anything great about that.
Tell how a misogynist  and racist culture like Islam is good for women? They put women in black bags and mutilate their genitals
Funny isn't it that American Feminists are not protesting and denouncing Saudi's getting a seat at the UN Women Council
You are an embarrassment for including Linda Sarsour in this phot. She epitomizes everything that goes against women's rights #ShariaLaw
As a liberal, an atheist & a Democratic voter, I find this unspeakably offensive.  Pics: #LindaSarsour defending sharia; sharia in action.
Sen. Kirsten Gilliland praises sharia law that oppresses women and celebrates female genital mutilation. Gilliland should resign.
How many of them are pro-life?
You've been to Saudi,lately,ever? Pathetic bs or you are clueless, Sen. But Libs are the dumbest voting bloc, can't find Middle East on Map
Wow great friend
"mattressgirl", Sarsour, WOW, you're just batting a thousand, aren't you ?
Linda Sarsour supports the Palestinian govt that pays salaries 2 terrorist. She has ties with Hamas. 2 make her into a heroin is a fraud
I used to be one of your supporters but your current backing of a terror-supporting hater of Israel is unconscionable
You're praising someone who supports female genital mutilation disgusting
Linda Sarsour Caught Lying about Female Genital Mutilation in Islam very #feminist @SenGillibrand
 https://youtu.be/qle_4qiH4tU  via @YouTube
So you agree with female genital mutilation...disgusting that you are in Congress.
Sadly you and @SenSchumer are my http://representatives.YOU  DO NOT REPRESENT MY VIEWS.YOUR BOTH PARTISAN AND WORK AGAINST THE USA #MAGA
You should be ashame of yourself for pretending to support women's rights if you believe in Sharia Law.
I just can't reconcile any "movement" that supports Sharia law with women's rights. I just..... can't.
GIllibrand always sells out to the highest bidder.
Absolutely incredible stupidity out of my junior senator. You need to be voted out. Period. You just endorsed a support of oppression.
Including the Palestinian terrorist sympathizer?
If a picture is worth 1000 words this one is worth 1 million words. #LindaSarsour is #RadicalIslamist #MuslimFanatic 
Wake Up #USA 
Your ignorance is not all that much astounding, but it truly is.
Are you coming out as an anti-Semite now?
Kirsten just how strong is your support of sharia law???
I only recognize the terrorist.
Hey @lsarsour aren't they showing too much skin? Cmon sharia law advocate. Wolf in a burka
Shame on you @SenGillibrand the woman with head covered supports sharia law! Shame on you @TIMEwhat to expect only hypocracy womens rights!
Terrorist sympathizer #RESIGN
What's their position on FGM and forced male escorts?
How does Linda Sarsour "fit" the Women's March for you? It is "an honor to write about (her)"?What about Sharia & female mutilation?
@lsarsour is #Sharia advocate and terrorist. How dare you honor this #sedition #treason #FGM supporter. You honor her then you're guilty too

The Senator would endorse Satan if he were a guaranteed Democratic Vote
So your in favor of female genital mutilation? Lets let all your constituents know that your in favor of it!
every time you open your mouth I’m reminded why I moved out of NY.  Supporting #ShariaLaw is now a NY value?  You disgust me.
The four exceptional organizers of the @womensmarch are on the 2017 #TIME100. It was an honor to write about them. http://ti.me/2oYK59o  
Your honoring a terrorist supporter who threatens women who disagree with her with genital mutilation won't be forgotten at election time.
Endorsement  of #LindaSarsour Obama's fave soft jihadi & #KuffarWhisperer #DemoClowns imploding like Labour in UK Pc islamist enablers
A Woman's March that made vaginas the total sum of the female body cascading free bleeding extolment as a virtue
Good God; anyone can be elected to the senate these days. Dumb!
This is how I feel about this
You don't read much, do you?
Kirsten supports beating of women, vaginal mutilation, hatred of Jews, violence, wake up Kirsten #lslamkills #lindasarsourlies
It was less than an honor to read about them !
Amazing how all this magically started January 20th.  Crazy
#Muslims set Women's Rights back 1500 years!
Are they doing a promo for Macbeth ?
At the least one of them should be a body bag model! Let you figure that one out!
how many times a day do  you thank @chuckschumer  for your job?
know you want to be president but supporting an anti semite and Sharia Law supporter is not gonna play well in the heartland
you've been hoodwinked -
Linda sarsour attacked and denigrated our nominee. She is not an inspiration. She is a disgrace.
Time magazine, the most Anti-American rag sheet. Bad business, when you play politics, you lose 50% of your business!
Isn't Sarsour associated with Hisb Ut Tahrir?
Far right, Linda Sarsour, most known for the promotion of Sharia Law in the US...

Three ladies watch, Linda would love to fgm you.
Admire you, blame @Lsarsour in part for election of *45. She's a grifter
When I think of equality and women's rights I think of Muslim extremists too. How did you get elected
How about a few word about genital mutilation of young girls practiced by your favorite religion? Dan O'Connel & Erastus Corning would have.
Linda Sarsour? Are you fucking serious?
The one on the right condones killing you for not wearing a head scarf. Thanks for your ignorance. Again. #UghIslam
Wow, amazing how you are so out of touch. A simple Google search would give you a clue. Supporting FGM and antisemitism..smh
NY didn't vote 4 a pro-Sharia Sen. Supports Sharia advocates... but not a  honorable Gen 4 Sec of Def. Defends Sharia pusher as suffragette
Senators from N.Y. are an embarrassment
Remember this for next election
If it's an honor to write about these disgusting creatures that makes you a disgusting creature
You have to be kidding. I guess you can fool the uninformed 24/7.
Lmao at suffragettes...you have no clue...
You should be ashamed. Honoring a sharia law believer and anti-semite? How does @SenSchumer feel about your support of that piece of trash?
Do you mean she's honored to write about a terror supporter?
Are you in some race to prove you hate America and Freedom more than any other Democrat? You could not get elected in 95% of this country.
A brain dead senator supports a moslum terrorist
Ship both of these scumbags to #clubGitmo
Can't believe you honor a women that torture a man and murdered him with 2 other women. Also other Women is a terrorist & loves Sharia
@IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @charliekirk11 @JoeNBC @AnnCoulter 
Where's the outrage?
Congrats to these brace ladies indeed ! Bravo!!! And to Kirsten too !
Do you really support Sharia Law? If so ur in the wrong country
Okay @SenGillibrand, support sharia and extremism. Support an avowed anti Israel anti Semite. Embolden terrorists Senator. #voteherout2018
If you're honored to write about Linda Sarsour, there is something seriously wrong with how you view feminism. She's a horrid person.
Why don't you try living under sharia law for one year?  You deserve it.
You have got to be kidding me! This woman supports sharia law.
, Linda Sarsour is an apologist for anti-Israel violence. Can you please tilt back towards the political center?
Wow, you're joking right??
Tou praise a woman who advocates Sharia, antithetical to our Constitution. All persons are created equal, or did you forget your oath!
You are poisoning the suffragist history and just pushing a dangerous agenda.
Maybe you should have put a real women's champion like @Ayaan in your mix
Hahahahahah. That is laughable. Suffragists? Sarsour is a hate filled woman who doesn't help ANY woman
Saying @Ayaan doesn't deserve a vagina is sooooo progressive.
Twit.
Wheres you Palestinian bomber? Oh thats right she got deported...
Honor an anti-Semite that advocates Sharia? You get the twidiot of the year award
This tweet really is going over well. #noterrorism #notosharia #notofgm
You are praising those who support #ShariaLaw & genital mutilation? Why do you hate women?
Honor?
3 of 4 r out of uniform. No problem, when Sharia comes they'll comply or get stoned (and not in a good way) 
sharia has NO PLACE in our Constitutional Country and don't ever ask!!
We didn't hear much from them last week when Saudi women #DinaAli was kidnapped in Manila en route to Australian asylum by the Saudis
- You are absolutely brain dead if you think sharia law is good for anything but enslaving women. Read about it!
Liberals keep ignoring reality.
Thank you
Love this
Gillibrand you're a coward.
Are you serious ? GTFOH with this crap.
Are you aware Senator that with Sharia law besides female mutilations they throw gays off buildings or stone them to death. Check your facts
You stand with a sharia enthusiast. That's disgusting. Shame on you.
Just when did you become indoctrinated to Sharia Law?
They will change their tune when they are getting stoned to death
#Resign  vote her out!!
lovely of you  to honor a sharia terrorist .
Oh dear oh dear oh dear.
It would be better to write about the girls that were damaged by Islamic culture
You enjoy writing about and honoring a know terrorist? Maybe you should join them and leave the united States,we don't need people like you.
If you want to march for women, how about marching for Saudi women?
Because the US government doesn't seem to care, that women are basically treated like property there
Sen. Kirsten, you've been duped by the 4 Shariettes.  Man up!

Wow Kirsten I guess by supporting Sarsour you don't realize that you're supporting the killings by Islamic terrorists. Wake up!!!
really?  So you're good with women being raped, tortured,can't read, drive, go no where without their husbands?
Democrats have sick twisted minds.
You are one sick woman. An American senator praising Sharia Law. Got to be kidding me.
FGM! Heard of it?!
Linda Sarsour is a Hamas-supporting, Shari'ah law supporting tyrant who should be on a terrorist watch list, not praised by a U.S. Senator.
Hugely upset that the amazing Sen Gillibrand honors Sharia advocate and antisemite @lsarsour - Sharia incompatible with feminism. Period.
It's embarrassing having you as a Senator. Keep trying you'll be as idiotic as Sen Schumer. Time to retire!
You are simply delusional
-u  must resign NOW!!  U r out of touch with Americans, living in your pro extreme Muslim jihadists bubble
