Breaking: White House to direct Pentagon to deny admission to transgender people http://on.wsj.com/2xdVrI8 
Kirsten, serving in the military is not a right. The military decides who to accept, not politicians.
It is rather stupid though to reject a whole class of people who have served honorably since the Revolutionary War.
Are you saying we have had transgender ppl in the military for over 200 yrs? Not cross-dressers, but transgender ppl.
Yup. Wouldn't have used that term, but there have always been transgender people.
Since you are probably more knowledgable than I, what % of the population is transgender?
It's traditionally a very masculine environment, which might be sought out by both trans men and women for different reasons.
I'm still for whatever the military thinks is best & believe strongly that politicians should stay out of military decisions. The military..
The military did not ask for this ban
TRY DOING SOMETHING
do something useful for your constituents why don't ya.  hot air waste.
U have had 8 yrs to fix Health Care! Ask Schumer if you can PASS TAX REFORM. He don't care; his term good til 2022. Asks Voters. Pass Agenda
Taxpayers want battle ready soldiers, who joined 2 fight for country, not 4 expensive makeovers on taxpayers back.  Disrupts deployment 4mos
Answer just this 1 question, I may look at ur perspective differently.
"How does this change make our Fighting Forces more effective?"
This area of serving in the military,will not change by transgender or gay or any items with lesbian, they need their own/their communities.
Contrary to your belief, NOBODY has a right to serve in the military, @POTUS is allowed to set standards for service as CinC of military.
LEAVE THOSE DECISIONS TO THE GENERALS AS A VETMYSELF TAKE YOUR POLITICAL NONSCENSE  OUT OF THE MILITARY

No! I want our military trained to kill the enemy not to take empathy classes! This is the military!
You do that! Disgrace
i day after conviction of espionage, transgender/ traitor Chelsea Manning, demanded hormones. Later sued Dept of Defense 4 makeup & lingerie
Not prudent 2 enlist persons with psycho-sexual disorders. 2 much stress in war 4 lifelong distressed persons.  Dangerous to other soldiers
You have to be mentally fit to serve. Cutting off body parts or adding them on. Is not mentally competent.
Military denies enlistees for all kinds of minor physical problems; allergies & flat feet.  Total body makeover, not acceptable 2 taxpayers!
Hello Kirsten
Why don't you let the military decide?
Nobody questions bravery, question cost of sex reassignment to taxpayer.  M-F 145K, F-M125K.  Lifelong hormones 90K.  Ridiculous!  Madame.
Transgender/traitor, Chelsea Manning said he suffered frm Gender Dysphoria.  Can't send distress into stressful war scenario.  Others suffer
Military needs battle ready soldiers, not legs in the air!  Not just 1 surgery either, mastectomy, breast augmentation Adams/apple shavg etc
Many thanks from this military family.
I will never pay for this surgery! NEVER!
Tired of Liberal Dems filing lawsuits 4 things that R not practical nor legal.  Dianne Feinstein has 400 alone.  Vote obstructionist out!
Nat'l debt is 20T, grows 2.4B daily.  Do U really think it's a fiscally responsible move 2 burden tax payers w/ transition surgery @ 235K ea
Thank you for taking your name off the anti-boycott bill. 
Are you Willing to donate your salary like president Trump. Thought not. Your in it for the money not the people.  #bigdifference
Yea, those stupid Generals and Admirals have no idea how to command.  YOU should go in and put your life in the line.
Why didn't you fight back when @POTUS44 did not let Trans members serve during the first 7.5 years of his term??
Do we also have to make sure they have their own bathrooms in the barracks?

Interior Sec Zinke's daughter told truth to Trump in his own language. This from Billings MT. http://billingsgazette.com/news/state-and-regional/zinke-s-veteran-daughter-excoriates-trump-in-response-to-transgender/article_0fb2413e-92fe-5db6-9be8-e4c17f0b9055.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=user-share …
via @billingsgazette
Thank you. This NY Veteran supports you.
If they can't tell if they are a man or a women I'm not thinking they should be in the military. Maybe a psych ward #getREAL
Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
Dear Senator. I am trans, and I did my military time, b4 I realized. Early 80's. but I am so alarmed by this! Thank you!
As a veteran who is transgender, appreciate and encourage your initiative. We are part of operational readiness!
Thank you so much, Senator. NY is grateful to have you as our representative.
Not trans, just an ally. But agree that all men & women deserve the same respect & opportunity. Thank you for fighting. I stand with you.
Good Job Kirsten! It is blatantly discriminatory to ban our brave trans from the military:
President Trump touts how "He loves everyone" in his latest raucous campaign-rally-type of speech in AZ, but... http://fb.me/3WyTBxVA0 
I agree trans should be able to serve, but let them become who they are going to be before they do! There should be NO expense for Americans
Thank you for your service get Franken  and Klobuchar with you!!
Good. Thank you.
you were quoted by @newscomauHQ
We're very proud of our NY Senator Gillibrand and her dedication to supporting our vets.
Thank you for fighting back.
What was your opinion on Obama cutting all those mid grade officers who were career military because he wanted to cut the defense budget??
Go Sen Gillibrand!!!!
Don't forget Gen. Pattons' example...
#Resist
Please do !!
@GeorgeTakei @WSJ it is stupid to start banning people willing to serve when you just annoinced expanding Afgan.bigoted hate
Thank you
Thank you, senator. We all have to fight back, together.
#LetThemServe
U go girl! Keep our trans soldiers!
Horse journalist kidnapped by Trump supporters because Trump believes all journalists are working for fake news
Thank you for taking action!
So you are basically trying to cripple your army with mentally unstable soldiers?
Or lowering them, as appropriate.
He's the sole architect of this hateful, unnecessary act. He's no commander and chief. He's a coward and bigot .
Absolutely
Thank you senator
LOUDER
If you can't join the army with diabetes, IBS or being flat footed. You should not be allowed to join with the mental condition of trans
I have included picture of First Lady Donald Trump and lover of Saudi
thank you! 
Dear @HillaryClinton :

If you were the #President , would you have banned #transgender servicemen & servicewomen ? #military
He bans people that want to serve in the military but has no problem pardoning a racist.
A racist that broke the law.

Thank you! I hope you help scale back militarism too.
So proud of @SenGillibrand leadership in equality for all Americans. I love her as NY's Senator, but how about winning Oval Office in 2020?
Please Senator, help us, we as a country are falling apart! This country is better than this. We don't stand by hate! This has to end!
Go Kirsten!
Thank you
Doing this to trans people who served reminds me of the times that black people were seen as disposable when they joined back in the day.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand. God Bless.
Protect those who need protecting
Thank you for standing up for our community.
As the mother of a trans child who would like to go into the military I am grateful for your leadership!
This is important. Thank you Senator Gillibrand!
Why didn't you introduce it under President Obama?
Maybe because Obama wasn't trying to ban transgender people from serving.
thank you
Thank you. This order is ridiculous and counter productive.
Thank you! This trans ban is appallingly craven and moronic. We will NOT go backwards!!!
Our beloved NERO strikes again
Thank you
As a twenty year veteran who saw too many colleagues suffer under DADT, I thank you for your support.
There you go!
Hell yeah, @SenGillibrand
Thank you!
You go Kirsten! When hatred, discrimination, & bigotry become part of implemented American government policy, America is no longer America.
There is going to be so much to rebuild and repair after he's gone.
Thank you senator, you continue to make us proud in NY and fight for all Americans.
Thank you for trying to do the right thing. Trump and his crew are vile and need to be opposed and removed
#FakeNews fakepolls fake movement based on less than 1% of 1% of the population. Wasting time over nothing.
Thank you @SenGillibrand
Evil cannot win. Please. Thank you for helping.must conquer hate.
Please let us know how many TG signed up after 9/11?
When are these ole farts going to die out.  This one looks about ready.
Thank you so much Senator.
You go girl!
I think that's awesome !!!!
You won't get it...but good luck....old Military in office appointed by Trump not new and hippy like Obama...oh well you tried.
Something we can agree on! #StopTheTransBan
Wow so awesome 2 c how many of u support trans in army!! Fantastic, I'm just shocked as I read so much hate on FB groups
Amazing that a douche who only serves himself is now leading this country into the toilet. Totally failed administration.
Thank you!
We won't hold our breath based on your track record
Good job, Sen. Gillibrand!!!!!!
Good for you! We need to impeach this AH in the Whitehouse,but Pence is even scarier!!
Thank you
Will you then allow all other forms of mental illness to serve as well? I mean, fair is fair, no?
You mean all the men and women who like to dress like the opposite sex
Thank you!!!!!
All the cannon fodder you can get, right Kristen?
@SteveDaines And WHAT are YOU going to do...care to comment or keep hiding behind the forest fires??
I was sailing transgender person last week they could do the same work as the rest of us. That was all that counted.
@ @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell @SenatorTester .....and WHAT are YOU going to do?????

Why don't you introduce legislation to drop the ban on short ppl, tall ppl, and ppl with flat feet?  I'm sure that affects more Americans.
Mattis, think carefully about what is about to happen and how you want to be remembered.
I can't believe this is even happening. Please fight.
Legislation that contains the word peach
Unfortunately you are completely uninformed and not understanding why this needs to be done.
@realDonaldTrump is proposing deporting transgender ppl back to the physical gender they were born with. Build the wall against humanity
what about members of the military that don't want trans people in the military?
I am with you as well
As the wife of a transgender woman serving in the Navy, from both of us, thank you.
if women are not treated equally why would a man ever want to become a woman?
Bravo....
There are people in America today that really believe a male can become female and a female can become male?
There are people in America that still don't accept others for who they really are.
I'm sending special report for you 
Do it! Thank you for your resistance!
Thank you, Senator.
@realDonaldTrump
The irony is that the military will be fighting for the freedom of those very same transgenders.
Surely this will cost a fortune to implement as the serving military sue for loss of career and discrimination? I hope you win
Glad to have you for a senator
The White House is no longer in charge.
Thank you for being a fearless voice, @SenGillibrand
To all trans men and women serving bravely in the military: I plan to introduce legislation to fight back. We'll keep raising our voices. https://twitter.com/WSJ/status/900516896126230529 …
I can't see this based on anything but pure and simple discrimination. Reprehensible. Disgusting. Discrimination.
