no reason needed, you just have to say "Merrick Garland" every time Repubs want a vote. #FilibusterGorsuch
Its called the Biden rule
the "Biden Rule" doesn't exist. He made a single speech & no votes were ever withheld.
youre right but had a confirmation come up he would have pushed the same.
but it didn't. So, this is actually the McConnell Rule & unacceptable.
Just following the advice of Sen Joe Biden.
you can try and slice it any way you want. McConnell did this and I 100% want Dems to do the same.
It was suggested by Dems that we should wait in a POTUS last yr. to confirm a SCOTUS. Thats what was done.
Thank you. Please follow her example @SenFeinstein and @KamalaHarris It is not obstructionist to stand up for what we want!
It is obstructionist to vote party over country however.
Read her FB post. She is absolutely opposed based on his record.
Yeah that Constitution gets in the #Dems way all the time.
That's different argument than obstructionism. U don't have to agree with her reasons.I do. #AgreeToDisagree
agreed Have a great day.
Trump could nominate a cure for cancer and you would still oppose it 
Judge Garland should be on the SC already.
thank you for your leadership!
Because the corp. that employs you should have no say in which benefits it offers you? Go work somewhere else. That's choice
Curios to know how many of his opinions you have actually read. Easy to follow the party line. Hard to form a personal idea
Surprise, surprise! Dems oppose EVERYTHING! Hope your party gets Your act together someday!
THANK YOU for standing up for what's right - you have this constituent's support.
Thank you!!
you're the real MVP of the @SenateDems!!! Please corral your colleagues to have some backbone and fight for God's sake!!!
STILL wishing just ONE Senate Dem would have raised concerns at 45's CONFIRMATION...
Thank you!  Please do all you can to oppose, until Garland gets confirmation hearing & vote
thank you!
THANK YOU!
U need 2do more than that!! U need 2 negotiate w/GOP and Make sure Gorsuch NEVER sits on SCOTUS. Do more, it's ur job!!
Give detailed facts to back up claims and why did dems vote for him in 2006?
We can always count on @SenGillibrand to keep up the resistance. We'll remember this when you run for #POTUS
stop obstructing the people's will please. Gorsuch is who WE want.
Remember,  your ONLY job is to represent the views of all the citizens of your district.  Not your personal views
, because you're a democrat and you and others just plotting against Trump , no matter what good or right thing he does! GTH!
thank you for opposing Gorsuch!! That's a stolen seat anyway.
@Bwana86 Nobody gives a fuck. He's our next SCOTUS Justice. 
Thank you Senator! I know this is exhausting, but please continue to be our voice of resistance.
I take u word for it
@EdSkipper Thank you
Thank you, Senator!
& #SallyYates Sheroes!
confirming a judge should based upon his ability to apply the law and come to an equitable decision, not if he's mainstream
because he is a trump nominee, that it's your only reason, how sad
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch. His attacks on women's rights are deeply troubling.
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand! 
Love your hard nosed approach!  Keep it up!
reason should just be the seat is stolen. Making the argument about his qualifications is not a good one.
not just oppose but don't waste your time giving him a hearing. filibuster. let the repukes go nuclear if they like. f them.
Ha. What a surprise. Not wanting a #SCOTUS that will up hold the law and not legislate from the bench.  #obstructionist
Thank you Senator! We appreciate you!
Gillibrand 2020!
Thank You for having our back. #resist
Let me guess, let me guess.......he's not a 'woman's' right advocate, huh, huh, did I guess right?
hmm. Well you're irrelevant so your statement is, well, you know.......  #MAGA
she's irrelevant yet you came all the way to her page to talk smack. Tell me more about how relevant your career is as a fry cook
wow, you snob.
no word to the man who comes to someone's page for the sole purpose of denigrating them, huh? LOL bye now
at least I live in the State of which the Senator is from. I think as a constituent I have the right to criticize
Thank you.
Thank you for everything you do! Your work is so appreciated. Do you have a publicly available events calendar? Thank you!
@PamKeith2016 Thank you Senator.
@dougiepen thanks 
consider 2020
@Truthbuster We support you. #WeThePeople
Thank you!
what sort of "justice" is so shallow as to accept a stolen nomination?  Total lack of character.
We're going to call you Ms. Opposition and Resistance Fighter! We  you for it!  Hear!Hear! You're 
The judge did not say a corporation should be able make family planning decisions. That is blatant misinformation
You go, girl! I see you are not to be bullied.
Thank you! Admire your resistance to all DT's unqualified nominees.
@RichWanket I will vote 4 you for president should you run in 2020
@chaching4661 
thank you Senator. This illegitimate and unconstitutional admin. has no right to nominate anyone for anything.
Discount Hillary
thank you. Please continue to do the right thing.
keep up the good fight! You have a movement behind you! Make us proud #resist
, please let me know when you run for president so I can come out of hiding to support you. #resist
thank you!
why was he fit to be on the court in the first place? If he's so unqualified. Obama even approved him to be on 10h circuit
you're one of my favorite senators 
YES!! Kirsten you must compel your peers to follow your lead. Dems demand that you ALL #RESIST
Good for you!
Thank you, Senator, for voting your conscience and with ur constituents!
thank you!
So glad @SenGillibrand is my senator!
I'm opposing Neil Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court. Here's why: http://bit.ly/2jY3dRT 
Thank you!
If Gilly opposes Gorsuch she can never be considered a serious candidate for Prez.
@Bell45 Way things are going, you'll be lucky if you get the chance. #USCoup
Trump demonstrated who he is.He got elected.Remember vote 2017,Will do what we need to do.#We are Still here.
Thank you Kirsten. You are the most consistent, thoughtful individual in D.C. 
Thank you for this and all you do. Make sure @SenatorSchumer is on board as well.
I applaud your determination and your loyalty to the constitution and the people.  Hang in there we're with you!!
He hasn't even had a hearing yet. This is the issue GOP and DEM reps alike refuse to do the right thing. #doyourjob
I'm a constituent and I'm very proud of you. Thank you for being there and standing up for what's right.
Thank you from an upstate constituent!
THANK YOU.
.@SenGillibrand #Leadership ! #Gillibrand2020 ! Real hope for the Democratic Party
Pure hate & ignorance on YOUR part
Thank you so much for standing up for what is best for the American PEOPLE! #StopTrump #BanBannon #FireFlynn #SaveAmerica
We are in so much trouble with Trump as POTUS God help us!
#ImpeachTrump
I can not believe what a mess we are in already
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator.
THANK YOU!!
@TheObamanista Thank you Senator! Please keep up the fight. We have your back!
@TheObamanista you are wonderful
stop your obstruction
Thank you. Finally someone with balls.
thank you.
you are the only one fighting for the people! Thank you!!!

Thank you! I love the way you vote! We will remember!
is it better to save opposition for next one? Praying Kennedy stays on.
if you run for President, you have my vote Senator. You've totally earned it! Thank you for voting NO all the way.
What are you on about?
@devislaskar Thank you my Senator New Yorkers are proud of you .
Thank you from one #troygirl to another! Your #RESISTANCE is inspiring.
you forgot to mention you're in a safe district & likely won't have a significant challenge. #PoliticiansSayTheDarndestThings
I don't live in NY so I can't vote for you. Please consider running for president.
thank you
Judges aren't supposed to always "like" their decisions, or make popular decisions. They follow the law. Write better laws.
Thank U! #SupremeCourt #NoRewardForObstruction
you are a true Leader, proud to have you represent me 
you are amazing <3
as a constituent of yours, I want to say thank you.
This...
@onewhistler Thank you 
#Democrat #OPPOSEGORSUCH #DENY
thanks for having the courage to vote "no." Wish the other dems follow
thank you!!!
Thank you USA is under attack,Bannon's coup.
@CSRA_prsn Thank you!
Thank you! History has its eyes on you.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. Those are good reasons but this is also a stolen seat #confirm Merrick Garland.
Thank you
thank you! Keep up the fight!
.@SenGillibrand Yes, but also, b/c republicans completely stole this seat in the most unethical, disgusting show of partisan politics ever
Thank you!  I was just about to call your office and ask you to do this!
Love you Kirsten! #gillibrand2020
@jimmyj48125. No is what we ask!  Help us with &Cross check...#Revote2016
THANK you for listening to the people and standing up for us!!
I predict Democrats will lose at least five seats in the senate in 2018-we tried to warn you!
Get over the election-your side lost-deal with it like adults-2018 is coming.
the problem is he will likely fire her and replace her with someone who will side with him
I like him!
Bravo Gillibrand and Yates.
Seems to me u care only abt you. TERM LIMITS
#Gillibrand2020 !!!
the man is impeccable!  The Dem party is acting like children that don't get their way. Your party has no power. Must suck
thank you!! #Resist
thank you!
thank you!!!!
because u have no reason except the entire Dem party is falling to pieces. Your getting run down by the Trump train! Lol
@SenSchumer New Yorkers are counting on you to do the same.
I believe the employer doesn't make family planning decisions,  they just don't have to PAY for them.
Because you are a great, principled senator. Thank you.
Thx. Now please stop them from selling off our public lands.Who do they think they are?
thank you for standing up for what is right
> Please vote NO on DeVos!!!!!!!!!

hear they guy out then make this statement.  Your response is disrespectful to the man.-As bad as the republicans to garland
Brooklyn appreciates you and will never fuhgeddaboud you bravery in the face of this terrifying administration
typical cuckservative cry baby..and they say all we do on the left is cry..suck it up
Don't stop what you're doing. Because you are 100% ASSURING a republican win for yearsssss!!! Lol
who knows? Maybe even in New York 
Thank You
thank you
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you! You have my full support. -a grateful constituent
what about Jeff Sessions??
THANK YOU. I don't believe his Constitutional interpretations are for "the people"as much as for institutions.
Harry Reid gave us the nuclear option and we will use it to confirm as dems run around like chickens with their heads cut off
thank you for your strength and votes of No...
I am proud to call you my senator! THANK YOU
Go ahead see how that works out for ya Harry Reid guaranteed you can't do a thing your party is decimated and will lose more
We can wait another 10 months. Let the next president pick Scalia's replacement.
love uu
thank you. We need more candidates like you! #ResistTrump #NotMyPresidentTrump
@chuckschumer Aren't you the one that covered for chuck when he called a woman Flt attendant a bitch? Then got caught lying
Thank you, Senator. Corporations are not people.
@chuckschumer How has that work for you so far 1000 plus seats lost more to come Harry Reid and HRC destroyed your party
Thank you Senator!
thank you senator !
@SierraClub 
Gilliland for President!
Gillibrand for Pres. 2020!
As a Brooklynite I'm sorry you're so wrong I had hope for you vote for Gorsuch
@LisaZucker3 you are awesome. I wish all your colleagues would follow your lead.
Thank you!
thank you!
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
imagine that, Kirsten, Schumers puppet voting the party line against a supremely qualified originalist that defends the law
because he's not the dems pick..  He is the Best candidate and you know it! Get off your high horse and do something good!
thank you!
Partisan hack from a safe Dem state refuses to vote for XXXX.  

Yawn.
Thank you!!!
you are a star.  Thank you for standing strong.
and tell all your dem friends WE are watching man the hell up and get nasty
The reason why is because,  like all of your party members,  you put the DNC above America!
block all you can !!! We the people are grateful
Block, Obstruct, Confuse.  Try talking to Justice Gorsuch prior to judging him. @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @POTUS 
Corporations are people...what exactly is untrue there? Is it a freaking robot, an inanimate object, or a group of people?
Thanks Kirstin! Nice way to LEAD!
once again thank you Senator. I'm with you! No to Gorsuch!
you're such a hack. "Employers can make family planning decisions for employees" - what is he gonna make them fuck?
thank you from Astoria queens!
thank you senator! #resist.
I'm proud to call you my senator. Hope your colleagues grow a spine from your example.
“Oppose” is futile. #filibuster
@keithboykin Thank you 
I appreciate how you don't hesitate! You are out there in support of all things good.
Bravo!
thanks for doing the right thing!
You are awesome! Thank you very much
you're the realist!
@keithboykin thank you you are the only one we have been able to count on for the good of the American people
Thank you, Senator Gillibrand!!!!!!
Thank you! Please stand strong. Filibuster!
Of course, you're a Democrat. Are all of you Dems going to stop showing up for work? Thank you
-never mind that Gorsuch got unanimous confirmation in 2006. You also were only one opposed to hero Mattis. IOW:you're a nut.
She votes on principle. She believes in civilian control of the military. Being a hero has no relevance here
- seasoned General bad to run military? You'd better tell her Dem colleagues about principle, since they all approved
