I share your deep concerns about Betsy DeVos's nomination & will be voting against her confirmation. I'll urge my colleagues to do the same.
Students, parents and teachers deserve an Education Secretary whose commitment to public education and safe schools will never waver.
If our public education fails, then America fails, and I do not believe Mrs. DeVos shares my commitment to a strong public education system.
Is it a permanent thing, or just a thing when people seem to care about schools? I'm a teacher, not trying to be rude ma'am.
thank you for being the only principled senator with the will to say no. we will remember in 2020
whoops hey never mind
@DemsTalk called my sen @SenatorTimScott and asked him to vote against DeVos. Hope he does the right thing.
I oppose her, too.
thanks will have your back 
thank you for fighting for all of us!!
Thank-you, @SenGillibrand for representing us with integrity!
Thank you for hearing us,@SenGillibrand !
Thank you for opposing DeVos's nomination!
Your opposition is appreciated!
Thank you!!! Keep it up!
thank you! As a public school teacher, I'm glad you recognize how important it is to protect public ed
@SenSanders please oppose this with ever inch of ur self. Our children and their children's futures r literally in ur hands!
Hey Senator...how about some damn NOs. we just went 8 fucking years of NO. And you guys go less than a week?
Unfortunately, I don't think the Republicans our the Trump administration is listening.
Thank you for your "no" vote.
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for NY and America!
Also deny Tom Price. Couldn't get through your phones today.
You have to filibuster till the cows come home.
thank you, Sen. Gillibrand for your stand against   Betsy DeVos!
help us by voting no for Tom Price for Secretary of Health and Human Services
. @sengillibrand Thank you. Reject deVos!
She is absolutely unqualified. I hope there is a realization of this before it's too late....
Thank you for not supporting her.
Thank you for standing so strong against unqualified and dangerous nominees!

#resist
#integrity
Can't get through, so hear me! She has no business running education! Block her!
Vote NO on ALL nominees #Indivisible #PressDoYourJob #ShowMeTrumpsTaxes #TrumpIsPutinsPuppet #WeAreTheMajority
Senator you sure haven't folded. Great courage on turning down every nominee.
Definitely not Betsy DeVos
More reaching out! No, no, no, no, no to her and Jeff Sessions!
#Kirsten2020
please count me and my two publicly schooled children as more voices against DeVos, for what it’s worth!
thanks to you and your staff. Very kind energy on the other end of the phone. We feel heard!
Thank you!
Thank you for listening! Now talk to @SenSchumer because he seems to be lost.
thank you.  Now let's get senator toomey to do the same.  Call him at 202.224.4254
A million Thanks for those in opposition to this.. I'd rather not say..but you know!
thank you, Senator
Thank you!
thank you for representing me. Gillibrand 2020!
Thank you.
Thank you.... But it doesn't matter she will be confirmed.  Elections have consequences & Hillary lost, Big
Thank you.
Thank you for listening.
It's easy to say no and be a do-nothing Senator. It's much harder to be a Senator that the Founding Fathers had envisioned.
You're doing a great job. Vote NO on all of them!
Thank you for standing with us!
Thank you for continually standing up to @realDonaldTrump unqualified nominations. #PollutingPruitt especially
Thanks for your unwavering opposition to Betsy DeVos. As a constituent, I appreciate your consistency across multiple issues.
let me know how that works out
Thank you.
Thank you Senator for being the only Democrat to vote against all of Trump's cabinet nominations (except for Nikki Haley).
she is unqualified and extreme
Remind them, we will remember in 2018 in 2020 and beyond. #DeVosHearing #DeVosconfirmation
THANK YOU! See if you can get @SenSchumer to do the right thing, while you're at it!
many thanks to you and your gracious staff, who are also so supportive when I call your office to express my opinion!
Thank you for your stalwart efforts Senator!!
Thank you for consistently voting against these harmful nominations!
As your constituent and supporter thank you for showing a backbone.
thank you.
thank you!!!
Thank you for being a consistent NO on his cabinet picks!
Thank you.
I add my voice to the opposition!
She is unqualified!!!'
New Yorkers are so fortunate that we have you representing us in the Senate! Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for this & for your other votes against Trump's nominees. Wish more of your colleagues would do the same.
(THAT WAS MEANT TO BE A SUBTWEET @SenSchumer I AM LOOKING AT YOU)
Thank you for standing firm for us.
Out of the entire swamp, she concerns me most. Almost as much as @realDonaldTrump.
Thank you for listening to us today!
thank you, keep it up!
and thank you for your continued courage and integrity in opposing her.
Thanks for doing what's right with all of these. Also speak out about the atrocious things Trump is doing to fed agencies
no, thank YOU Senator
thank you for listening.
http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2017/01/the-obama-administration-bails-out-private-equity-landlords-at-the-expense-of-the-middle-class-government-guarantees-for-rental-securitization.html …
Q1: Did u help BO ass fuck Citizens on his way out?
Q2: Did u KNOW abt it & say nothing?
fellow NYer here.  Keep up the good fight.   We are with you all the way.
No. Thank you!
@DanerE_57 Speak while you still can, the gag orders are coming down. We're all likely to be locked up by the end of March
thank you for your votes on Cab picks.  Not sure your NY colleague is reading the play very well.
THANK YOU
thank you! Please convince @SenSchumer to listen to his constituents and do the same!
As the parent of a student w disabilities I am disturbed by her lack of knowledge on the subject.#noDevos
Thank you for being a steward for the children of the US. #yourconstituent #thanks
Thank you for standing up to Trump's #SwampCabinet .
GET THEM ALL THE WAY TOGETHER PLEASE.
I wish my congressional rep @RepStefanik would interact with her constituents
Thanks for representing the will of your constituents 
@SenFeinstein @SenSchumer hope you are both taking notes from Sen Gil. And see outpouring of support. No on SESSIONS no delay
You've been the only Dem to vote no on all three nominations -- it is appreciated. We have your back!
Thank you for standing up for what is right!
so glad you're my Senator. The only one with strong conviction in NY.
so glad to see you take this position. Thank you!
thanks, KG! Oppose DeVos.
Thank you for hearing us! Please also stand against Tillerson, Sessions, & Pruitt!
thank you for having staff that answer the phone AND listening to your constituents 
cc: @SenSchumer no answer @ your office
I get answers at his office all the time! Been calling Syracuse or Binghamton.
thx - tried NYC, DC, Albany, and Peekskill but guess I *could* have tried them all. Wish I didn't have to tho!
thank you for being one of the senators who cleans out her voicemail so we can leave messages. Keep fighting 4 what is right
Thank you on behalf of all concerned parents about the takeover of public education. Kings Park, New York.
#DeVosmustwithdraw
DeVos must be defeated. Stand strong. We are with you. Thank you.
Thank you for valuing public education by voting NO to DeVos!  Educators everywhere deserve BETTER support for SecEd.
Thank you!
Thank you for resisting. Our country is in trouble. Do what you can.
Alt Fact:The Senate will not confirm this appointment 
to keep America looking elsewhere while they rape & pillage resources & decimate the common man just 2 get rich.
please here our voices and continue to vote against EVERY nominee!
@now7grandkids Thank you Kirsten for having the guts and respect for our country to oppose Trump's deplorable nominees.
Pls continue to stand strong against Cabinet picks whose views are antithetical to missions of agencies they would be running
And thank you for standing up!!
Thank you for your stand.
thank you for your opposition. I appreciate your representing my voice!
you GO, senator!
You're the ONLY dem senator who has voted against all nominees- TY TY TY TY TY TY !!!!!
Thank you! I voted for you and I feel like you are the only one fighting!
thank you, thank you, thank you.
thank you, Senator, for being one of the few Democrats to keep standing up and saying no. and for being my Senator 
She's not qualified to be the Secretary at the Board of Education.  Nevermind THE #SecretaryOfEducation
thank you!  Her performance at the hearing alone should convince all to vote NO.   We'll see...
sad thing is, it's not going to make a difference. America voted to make America great again, and we get some like her 
You're the only Dem consistently voting against unqualified cabinet picks. Where are the rest of Dems? United front needed.
thank you!!!
may GOD bless you with the best in this world and in the hereafter and grant you wisdom understanding and strength
Thank you, Ms Gillibrand!
You are awesome! Not a damn one of his picks are good! We see you and love it! #Resistance
As a constiuent, thank you for being my voice in the Senate.  Please continue the fight by voting no on #BetsyDeVos.
I am reaching out as one of your constituents to say I am in favor of Betsy Devos's nomination to be Secretary of Education.
Looks like you got an education at Trump University. Wow
Senator, don't stop with her. Pruitt is a more dangerous appointment. But then Rick Perry in charge of nukes ain't reassuring
thank YOU, Senator!  Stay brave stay strong we r with u!  #TruthIsPatriotic
Yeah well you voted for Nikki Haley in light of the global gag rule which of course she will support. Disappointed Ms. K.
Thank You for saying No to trumps Nominees & standing up for Democracy & Civil Rights
Thank you for listening! I was one of those calls.
if you keep up with this level of resistance, you will be president.
@Clarence_T_A She can't be confirmed.
thank you for voting against DeVos. Her nomination is a travesty.
Please do everything you can to block the DeVos nomination.
thank you for rejecting DeVos and standing up for our children and our future
as a mother of a special needs lil girl Ms. DeVos scares me to death. Please do everything in your power to stop her.
totally unacceptable!
Sen Gilligan's, please add my name.  Thanks.
thank you
Thank you. DeVos is not qualified.
How can we do more?
Give 'em hell Senator !!!!!!  We are behind you 100%!
@EJLandwehr Thank you.
Thank you. DeVos is wholly unqualified. This NYC public school teacher appreciates your work and your voting record.
Why is she a bad choice?
just do some homework on her. She donated her way there. She was uninformed at hearings she's a religious nut
Scary.
yes.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for having a strong backbone and being consistent. Thank you for trying to defend ALL of us.
You are a hero! Thank you!
Thank YOU for voting no on every single Trump nominee 
Thank you Senator!!
.@SenGillibrand Please vote no. If you haven't talked to @JeanetteDeut you should. She explains the parent side perfectly. #notmysoe
have you made your voice heard yet? Do you have enough information? Is she an acceptable nom?
Thank you Senator Gillibrand and never forget that we have your back in Brooklyn!
Thank you, Sen Gilibrand. I work in NY and fully support your NO vote on DeVos. She is a terrible choice of Education Secretary.
I stand firmly with your opposition to her appointment. Morningside heights/10025
