Trump had a better solution, but hypocritical marxist democrats oppose his muslim ban. No muslim extremism, no FGM, child brides, or shariah
Thank you! That this is legal is ludicrous!
Finally, a positive action on your part. Hurrah!
Thank you! Keep fighting the good fight, Senator.
I think you have bigger problems with the ethics of Senate Democrats to deal with.
Where is ur feminist outrage at young girls being forced to suffer female genital cutting? Maybe over 100 in Michigan alone!
I am stunned by some of these stories. That a NH politician would devalue the voice of a Girl Scout but would accept that she...
...could become someone's wife & a mother is sick. Girls being married off to older men are being raped w/the consent of their parents.
The  child marriage should stop.
Never knew this. Absurd and unAmerican.
Thank you! #endchildmarriage
Thank you for seeing this issue as a reality in the US. 11, 14 years old? 16 should be min in all states. And in reality 18 is better.
How about revoking the passports of known sex offenders to reduce sex tourism to places such as SE Asia, as Australia recently passed?
Great idea!
Did you know that having a bumper sticker of Calvin  peeing is a registerable sex offense? Sad reason to lose a passport.
How exactly? We can't even stop drug abuse and illegal drug production.
So you're against refugees and their culture? Please be tolerant and accepting of others.
Islam?
@ChrisMurphyCT how about Ct now ?
Import more Muslims and you will never stop it once you have recognized Shira law
Thank you @SenGillibrand and @NickKristof   So disturbing.
Thank you! This is horrific!
thank you!
@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell Please co-sponsor @SenGillibrand's bill to end child marriage.
Why if clerk who refuse to sign a marriage license about underage marriage is good but one who refuse to sign gay marriage is evil? ...
Because child or underage marriage involves a child (who cannot consent) and gay marriage involves two consenting adults.
Are all clerks required to follow the law on the books?
Don't expect to get support from 45 or the GOP.
Right......I'm sure they would love this to continue......Pervs  
#pizzagate is a @TheDemocrats thing ask @billclinton @johnpodesta for their favorite #pizza recipe
Would those be the Syrians, Somalians, etc. that Dems fought to accept into USA? They are into female mutilation too.
thanks!
Thank you, this article has been haunting me. Some thing needs to be done.
Thank you for leadership. This is true family values. Will be interesting to see how Conservatives will respond. Wolves in sheep's clothing?
Oh my.  Thank you for sharing this awful news!
Thank you, Senator!!!!  
True;all child sex abuse must b eradicated.  #FixTheLaws Help #PassNYS809 #NJS280/A865 #NoCSASOL #NoVictimLeftBehind #NoPerpLeftUnidentified
American Taliban.
Thank you Senator! Keep up the #Resistance
thank you!!!!!
Yes please put an end to it!!
Excellent! You have our full support.
Sadly a much needed bill. Thank you.
Thank you!
Mind your business.
Islamaphobe!!!
#Blocked   Jeremy Tynan bot

Geeee you just WOKE UP
Thank you! We need to stop this legalized rape in the U.S.
You are a nothing but another feckless white female candidate.  The days of do nothing white democrats is over.
Thank you, @SenGillibrand!  These statistics are horrific. #givegirlsachance #endchildbrides
I support your bill. Are you telling me only Islam is the only religion that doesn't have problem w/ underage marriage?
Please be sure to allow NO exceptions including Sharia law.
Thank you @SenGillibrand @nytimes
Please do so.  And call it by its real name child abuse and rape
thank you!!
how about a bill that keeps rapists from being able to petition for parental rights
Yes, please do!
Yep. My state will force a minor into marriage at the behest of the parents.
Don't just plan...DO IT
Please do. I hope the Texas Lege takes it up next session as we don't have a minimum down here. This article disturbed me greatly.
Thank you Sen Gillibrand-if you're free tomorrow join us at a Chain-In where we protest Christie's veto.
Very happy that you represent NY !
I thought it was already illegal.
Bravo @SenGillibrand! I am shocked to learn that this happens in America. It doesn't belong in any civil society.
Still waiting on that tweet about anything your doing for upstate New York.
Thank you, sincerely, Kirsten, from a very proud New Yorker 
Thank you.
This article is horrifying. Thank you.
THANK YOU @SenGillibrand !!!
Please do
Good.
This is so wrong. How does this still happen esp in America??!! Please stop this craziness. THEY ARE CHILDREN!!!!
Please, do. It's outrageous!
Why don't you publicly condemn specific religions which permit it? Name them. You won't.
Read the article, it's christians who push this.
Because religion isn't the only reason child marriage still exists today. Try the patriarchy, girl seen as property, & societal expectations
I'm not disagreeing. But the previous comment was trying to set this up as a Scary Foreigner Thing, & I was pointing out it's not.
Frankly, I wish somebody claiming to be Islam was demanding it be kept legal; that's probably the quickest way to get it outlawed in all 50.
Dammit, autocorrect. *Muslim.*
Do it do it! I would prefer a bill that actually makes this illegal nationwide though vs. a symbolic "Bill to End Child Marriage"
Will you strongly address the argument that ending child marriage in NY will offend other cultures?
Like it's a problem in NY, or the US.
How about you focus on real issues and not social justice corner cases.
