How do they stand there and scream such Hypocrisies .. if they think a bill is bad .. Why do they REFUSE to Sit at the Table with ideas ??
Hmm its still OBAMACARE. BUT UR RITE,THAT WAS A TERRIBLE BILL
It will put it in the states hands to fine tune for each states needs. Out of fed gov. Grips. The only hope. No more one policy for all.
Fear mongering again. Typical leftist tactic. Don't you know people are aware of #TheBigLie & the History of the Democrats?
Dinesh is a very bright and brave man. The people should at least give him an honest listen, regardless of political affiliation. @FoxNews
sure EO to sell across state lines. Screw single payer. Done.
As a NYer I loathe you. I can't wait till you become an EX Senator
Wow! How fake and pathetic is this? This is as cringe worthy as @Eminem terrible pep talk
What is your alternative plan? Rather than resist, how will you make it better? #RepealObamacare
She doesn't have one, besides single payer. Government controlled healthcare is the best the progs got.
liar
How horrible they are, how they use people
What a pack of horrible lying hypocritical vile schmucks, nothing but political hacks in this pack!
My Employer Insurance Company just showed me how much the Obama Care plans are expected to go up AGAIN. Horrifying. 
Yes, Obamacare is toxic. 
It is horrible. It has harmed millions.
and continues to cause great harm.
Will you fight back? Repeal!
When will the #Democrats ever stop with this overblown hysteria and get to work for their constituents? Single payer will not work; quit fraudulent bilking of Medicare like your Dem Brother #MenendezTrial; quit insuring & reign in the billions blown to take care of non-citizens
So people cant be successful.  Just broke . U rich politicians are pathetic.  Won't give us a chance to make money
That's it! Fight like a turd in the whirlpool! Fight like you have a chance! Fight... Never mind, just swirl around a bit and disappear
U all look silly. Instead of making stupid speeches go inside and come up with solutions.
I really respect the Democrats for fighting for the people! Between them and the American people the Republicans will not pass their bill!
I am ready to fight! Enough is Enough!!!
Let's talk about the healthcare for the people in office.  They should have only the same as we do.
Thanks. You folks left us with a broken system and now you want to keep it that way.  We thought you were AMERICANS!!! #Helporresign
Did you return Weinstein donations?
Dems seem desperate. @POTUS has a pen & he isn't afraid to use it. lol
Just got my new premium hike today Kristen. END OBAMACARE NOW. IT'S HORRIBLE!!!
why didn't YOU do something besides vote NO-where YOUR plan? u knew Ocare was going to fail-u allowed it and did nothing-oh yea u voted "no"
Thank god we have people like you fighting for us. Tell us what we need to do- who to call
Epic night by the Dems, the Resistance & a few caring GOP took a stand!  Relieved.
But it's not over yet! Donald & all his thugs need to go!
Stop trying to under mine Trump get on board or let's vote more Dems out of office
#sinful you would support a plan that cost your constituents hundreds of dollars.#party preference#shame
I thought for a second that @SenSchumer was carrying a purse.

Obamacare is what's toxic and unconstitutional the Democrats will pay for killing the healthcare of America in the midterm elections!
It's amazing to me that the republican politicians are more interested is saying they did something at the expense of powerless people.
Way to offer a better solution! Useless Senate. Money wasting bunch.
Honorable Senator Gillibrand, please restore Risk-Corridor pymts to bolster ACA!
WOW! This looks like Trump is forcing @TheDemocrats to care about the people again.
*yawn*
Yes! And thank YOU for fighting for us. Please keep fighting!
no. i'll fight for it ... obummercare is choking my retirement... i won't be able to retire until iam an old man ... thank you for that ..
THANK YOU!!
Also how USA falls into socialism then into communism
Please, please help prevent this hurtful bill from being passed. What can democrats do??
The healthcare bill is a slap in the face of Americans that need it. GOP wants to punish the poor & middleclass. THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT US
Thank you!
Nope. Liar.
It's only covering 10 million people. There are over 300 Million people in our country. What's horrible is all your lies.
The ACA was horrible and toxic but you didn't mind that, so your moaning and crying seem pretty two faced now! Socialism doesn't work!!!
Thank you for fighting so hard. We're with you.

All U've done is complain&whine about health care.Where are ur suggestions?Phony,1% libs are the enemy&dregs of the country.Do something.
SENATOR I HAVE DEVOTED MY FREE TIME !AND WILL DO SO; TILL THIS HEALTHCARE ISSUE IS RESOLVED!
You had your chance to vote for Single Payer today...   So much for standing by your convictions
Yes I agree that obamacare is a toxic shit show. When will you vote to get rid of it?
Yes!!!!
What can we do? The GOP is morally bankrupt. They don't care.
America is counting on every single one of you. We got your backs. Please keep ours @ezralevin @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
America I'm angry,it's time to wake up and take our country back
Yes it is,all kinds of evilness buried in there,Kill that bill or it will Kill us.make a choice Congress
Don't throw stones in a glass house @SenGillibrand. ACA has already screwed millions of people SMH!
this cancer survivor treated on Obamacare is are counting on you to RESIST!!
What can I do?  I'm from NJ with 2 great Senators. Thanks you @CoryBooker and   @SenatorMenendez   Keep fighting for our lives.
I and 60% of America did, since June 2010, but you and other Dems passed Obamacare anyway. Are you having flashbacks
Senator @SenGillibrand should have been the first woman president. 
4 the People!!
Minutes after her meeting with Peter, Senator Gillibrand was on CNN speaking about her opposition to #SkinnyRepeal…
PP is toxic to babies, shut 'em down...#DefundPP
Time to Box out Trump Team, stop including them in tweets, decrease his followers stop feeding the beast #unfollowrealdonaldtrump
Obamacare is toxic!!!
You are destroying this country with all your give aways to the leeches of the world!
thank you keep fighting.
Why didn't she vote for the single payer amendment? #clueless #hypocrite #totalfailure
Just like Obamacare???
What's in it that is so toxic?
Do you have a fix for the ACA?  You don't like what others are doing then get in the game or get off the field and let the big kids play.
As Bernie speeds off in his $300,000 sports car
My red state is all Repubs. I call to no avail. They are sticking 2 soulless healthcare plan. Dems must retake congress & impeach trump.
The plan was intentionally crappy to force us into single payer
Thanks to all of our Democratic Senators and to the few brave GOP Senators for fighting tirelessly to the point of exhaustion for #SaveACA
I want the health care that Congress has! They have health care that WE, The People Pay but they can vote against our healthcare!
Thank you Senators Gillibrand and @SenSchumer. You are heroes fighting for the healthcare of the American people against a GOP death panel
The #ACA was voted on before reading it!
as you put more and more illegals on medicare....and you support the anti-BDS bill - putting non-citizens 1st! That's DEMS!
Democrats = Losers
I will if you will.  What exactly are you doing?  How about mock hearings on the Dem bill?
Please keep fighting for all of us. When the dust settles and we look for Democratic leadership, there you will stand. I am cheering you on.
Thank you to my Senators @SenWarren , @SenMarkey and my Congressman @RepJoeKennedy
You're 7-8 years too late. You've already broken the system.

I trust these guys
ACA harmed millions and is unaffordable to buy or use but because it's a democrat passed bill you don't care. Save me your sanctimonious bs
Always! Threats against @lisamurkowski R bully tactics and disgusting. Even on opposite sides of the aisle this is NOT acceptable.
You talking about the ACA?

Wow! Love this!
Very good position and thinking , never better, good  Health Care is very important because it is  about live long life or die shortly
Have, am, will. I'll always fight. I care for our whole nation. Even if the ppl I defend don't. We need each other.
If you weren't tweeting dire messages 4 everything Trump has done over the past 6 months, maybe this would carry some weight. Cry wolf much?
I say this respectfully ma'am, "but what in the hell do you think we've been doing out here!?"

@SenGillibrand I don't know about you but it appears this President is purposely working against the United States for Russia get him out!
Do you realize that the premiums in NY are 1500 a month??? That's not affordable! Start working for the middle class
Thank you.
Did you ever ask yourself why this group doesn't sign up for the ACA to cover their families ?
#ForcingGirls into #InvoluntaryServitude is #ToxicHorribleAndHarmsMillions. #NeverForceAmericans #ToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
A group of democratic lawmakers use the words fight, war, when talking about health care legislation. Where did the inclusion Party go ?
Fine but don't blame anyone if ACA fails
THE PEOPLE DON'T WANT GOVERNMENT RUN HEALTH CARE THIS IS WHY DEMOCRATS WILL LOSE BIGGLEY COME MIDTERMS WE THE PEOPLE DON'T NEED DEMS
Every single house dem and senate dem needs to sign articles for impeachment. Losing faith...
YES!!!!
Keep it up. I been sending tweets. Hope it helps. God bless these Democratic Senators who care.
fight fight fight??? what about working TOGETHER to come up with something that works for EVERYONE! you flap your gums but dont do anything!
Keep it up
Count me in. We need to raise our voice, do legwork, raise funds, march for this activism.
Yes. And thank you for keeping the important things in focus from the Distractor in Chief
Amen
Yes the ACA is thats why it should be repealed
Distribute US healthcare approach all over the world ?
You wonder why it's unaffordable. Plus look at all the kickbacks that senators get
We FIGHT FOR #TRUMP PLAN. We will vote #DumpGillibrand
Be careful today. This is when McConnell is most dangerous.
You really want to fight? 1. Organize rallies across the country. 2. Refuse to participate in the Senate. Let the GOP hang themselves.
When both Democrats and Republicans work together............ " MATURE ADULTS " for the best interest of Americans.
Fight against government incompetence
'Government incompetence' is redundant.
be fair, under Obamacare, I know many who paid the tax penalty to forgoe insurance, we need a better way, 1 universal policy policed by DC
You think Obamacare is expensive? Wait until healthcare is free. Half your paycheck will disappear to pay taxes.

This frying pan is unbearable.  We are getting out of this frying pan because IT'S NOT WORKING.  Let's jump into the fire where it's better.
its NOT TOO LATE HERE WANT THIS?
Start communicating the BENEFITS. Still too many people uninformed. Stop saying what is wrong with GOP bill and start satin what is right.
(Right with Obamacare)
YES
Very effective video. What the Dems should be standing for right now!
Democrats could have voted for single payer but didn't. No excuse!
Yes
I am so proud you're my senator & proud both my NY senators are fighting hard to protect the lives & health of all Americans. Keep fighting!
Thanks for representing my views. #KillTheBill
Hyperbole
It is still on us & WE CAN keep our ACA if we keep sounding our voices. Please CALL & RT & keep it up! Fight for all who will otherwise die.
"Skinny" so politicians can claim a victory while Americans DIE? It is all about POTUS greed & tax cuts for wealthy @GOP stand up, vote NO 
Reminds me of a story about a chicken whining about the sky falling or a little boy whining about a wolf Dems get over it YOU LOST!
Yes everyone is fighting. But Bernie? Nope.  Let him go.  Americans can only do so much - need our politicians to fight. do it
Cannot tell you how much I appreciate your tenacity and backbone. Proud to be represented by two NY senators who care about their people..
What??? Schumer couldn't care less!!!
I'll fight for #FullRepeal
Will you defend free speech and allow pro-palestinian voices to be heard?
Look at these WACKO'S! VOTE THEM OUT OF CONGRESS 2018!
I am tired. It is Pelosi that needs to go.

RT Cannot stop now! Capito 202-224-6472 Heller 202-224-6244 Lee 202-224-5444 Murkowski 202-224-6665 Paul 202-224-4343 Portman 202-224-3353
