All Trump cares about is economically weight being the United States of America in collusion with Russia
Ny and the assholes that run it don't give a shit about the people of this state.They only give a damn about giving free money to illegals
Have you looked at our debt lately? What if you ran you house the way you run the fed govt? Time for REAL cuts!
Learn how the monetary system works. The federal govt's finances don't operate like a household's ...
well duh, that's genius to notice. Unsustainable debt is still crippling and has to be paid back in the future.
It says loudly, YOU DO NOT MATTER IN MY CIRCLE! You need to disappear so we can get richer.
We resist DJT to empower facts; give wage earners a fair shake & our health; avoid becoming Russia's client state & preserve our dignity!
Vulnerable communities? Are the Huns invading Poughkeepsie and the Vikings sacking Des Moines?
Maybe it means enslaving people by the government isn't the answer. What's with you and democrats always wanting slaves.
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan, Senator? Whine about @POTUS non stop? Great plan. How about doing some WORK for a change
T hates "losers "--defined by anyone non-white and/or w net worth <$1M. Or is it <$1B?
U have to give the dems credit. They start brainwashing children from elementary school right up to college.
So they get votes so they can keep their positions and tax the shit out of us . This is y myself and others are getting out of this dump.
I don't remember a single budget under Obama and Harry Reid. Why are you concerned now when you said nothing then?
@jennybethm
@Heritage
It says they only care about making the rich richer and the poor poorer and the sick sicker.
Nice tweet but is meaningless because you provide no substance only triggers to our feelings for the poor. What do you do to help them?
It clearly shows greed & no regard for others.
and moving down South where they care about the people not themselves.Y do you think things cost so much up here??? Everybody gets a piece.
Typical partisan bloviating.
It says that the US can not sustain 20 ten debt to support ILLEGALS from other countries!
that's they're a bunch of greedy bastards who don't care about anyone but themselves
It says it is not the responsibility of the federal govt to expend monies on responsibilities that are the states. Imagine that.
He's gonna screw over the people who foolishly voted for him and they will all turn on him.
#TheResistance
Federal deficits = Private surpluses ... The budget should balance the economy. Not the other way around.
Stop listening to debt & deficit hawks ... Use the budget to balance the economy ...
U have been in office 8 years & only reflect ur alt left agenda. As a NYr, I am sick of it. Term limits NOW
What does that say about Ny policy filled budget why would raise the age be a budgeting priority
Federal Government should not be involved in these areas. These are local and state issues.
And planned to take that money & put it in a war chest BEFORE he inflamed NK & China
That he's a total a$$hole....
GOVERNMENT OFFICES RECEIVE HEALTHCARE FREE AT $ Tax payer expense ALL CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES SHOULD HAVE THAT RIGHT ALL LIVES MATTER !!
It says enough with politicians spending taxpayer money frivolously!
Why do you praise someone who supports female genital mutilation (referring to a tweet you made earlier)
Didn't his whole campaign
it says that families loved ones and friends need to step up like before we became a massive welfare state
It says autocrat-fascist-THIEF-TRAITOR-NARCISSIST-INCOMPETENT-list goes on-not enough characters #Trumprussia #PressDoYourJob #Resist
Any time you want to help us understand what it is that the Us senate does, all you need do is hold community meetings Senator.
He doesn't care about our communities or Americans well being. Push the Investigation #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You are a divisive force of hate and you are so negative
What does $20 Trillion say about the US senate and house of reps not using our money responsibly? We still don't have health/education free!
Picking on one brand new president who as a citizen CREATED jobs for YOUR tax payers. What have YOU contributed Senator?
Move to the middle east to a strict sharia law enforcement country now blame Trump for everything
T can be almost entirely explained in 3 words: greed, myopia, tribalism.
Agree, except the three words I'd use are greed, anger and delusion.
WHAT 'vulnerable communities'? Details please! Communities that the state should step up and support? States just want more FED handouts!
Agreed!
Trump and those who blindly support him or support him with eyes wide open are literally traitors to our country! Shame on them all!
It shines a light on who they really care about! It's what happens when a fast talking Bus. man gets elected! No F's given for the needy!
That they don't care about the poor or the elderly in our nation!  Their attitude is "Screw Them" until it hurts
UR party has created waste in gov to where it doesn't function properly and for the ppl. Stop trying to stay in power.
Instead of cutting programs for children, poor, and elderly, why cut the tax loop holes for the rich. Budget Solved!
It says everything. It proves his pussy-grabbing statements go to the core of who he is.
It's also said that governments should stay within the budget, that way there wouldn't be cuts.
@JoeBiden said..."don't tell me your values, show me your budget and I will know what they are..."  paraphrased
That they fear the poor & despise them. Oh, and they like bigly parades and bombs.
That they simply don't care about the citizens of the US.
get used to it.

The USA is now owned by Putin and the Trump Family.

Making lots of $$$$ of the Backs of Citizens
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
also said that ur actions speak loader than words. Obama admin. spoke of transparency & pension protection. Yet he STOLE 21k Delphi pensions
When are the democrats going to stop being sore losers?! #sorelosers
Cannot believe you are so ignorant that you would even begin to say anything positive about Sharia law, go see it first, dare you
Say it loud Senator.  We support U
Their all Kleptocrats. Their main thing is too suck resources fro. The populous and use it for their gain.
But. But. But. The WALL. The pointless stupid frickin' wall ?
Cutting waste without cutting necessities is what we need.
Then let's cut our overspending on the military and stupid tax cuts to the already rich.
We should absolutely do that, there is no reason to spend more than the next 20 countries combined on defense when they are our allies
Exception being Russia and China
What is it about you that you glorify an anti-semite and promoter of sharia law?
What does it say when a #feminist supports #ShariaLaw? It says YOUR #poltical career is OVER. Time to send you to #Syria to live. Read!
That they don't respond to subtle shaming or shame at all.
Yet we spend so much effort trying, as if that might change. Maybe we should focus on what will make a difference. The base is plenty angry.
Agreed
That they're garbage people.
