What about the consequences of the ACA in the first place??? You Democrats own that, one of the many reasons Trumpt Won
Romney campaigned on the same promise & still got bulldozed Dems lost because they nominated Hillary
Please all of the lies about ACA were still unrevealed than. Keep your Doctor, plans will go down by $2500
ACA was unpopular from the signing trump called on the public fear & the Dems made the mistake of picking Hillary
DNC
both parties are to blame these 2 were the best they could find Kasich was more qualified hell I would rather have Jeb
what about the millions of people who can't afford a $12,000 deductible or the insane premiums?  Is that ok?
there were hundreds of plans. its not everyone elses fault you dont know how to shop for a proper insurance plan.
proper insurance plan? When there is only 1 carrier, where is the choice? When I have a family to provide 4, there IS NO CHOICE
we were fine before Obamacare. They aren't destroying it either. Just making it better. It didn't work for a lot of us women
Maybe you should speak for yourself? 20million more people got insured under ACA. Dont speak for them. They werent fine.
actually I was speaking for all the people who say they aren't fine with Obamacare. Obviously I wasn't speaking about you duh
and if you could read...I said a lot not all.
so fining a middle class family unless they get insurance is your solution? I had the VA and I still paid a penalty.
I did indeed pay a fine ... and it was correct as obamacare was clumsily implemented without proper exceptions
vote no on DeVos!
don't worry she doesn't even listen to the candidates before she votes no.
can you demonstrate why that's true and not just something you've made up?
just humor me and tell me her voting record for the rest of them..I'm too lazy to look it up for myself, but I will check yours
oh, I see. you can't prove that she votes without listening to the candidates. got it
I guess men don't count with you
Obamacare is unaffordable! It is about to collapse. Try thinking of Americans instead of your radical liberal party. Liar!!!
Yes, they will save money.
Nope. It MUST be repealed and replaced.  Shame on you Kirsten. Obamacare (ACA) is a Disaster.
you must be kidding.  You know that planned parenthood refers out for health care.
what about white men? Do they count?
Impeach him
gotta worry about all people. When you focus just on women, you diminish message.
What about American men and their families?
good. I guess the men do not count -  play the female card.  race card next?
yes it will, many will actually be able to AFFORD Healthcare again. If you give 'free' healthcare, they need to pass drug tst
I love the ACA! I have the most complete coverage I have ever had- including dental and eyewear. Please make it work for all!
Giving vocally fighting the GOP. thank you. Now get the others to b as vocal.
I was kicked off 2 plans...wasn't able to keep dr, premiums skyrocketed.. disaster
Is your health insurance through the ACA?
The GOP and WH cabinet don't care about consequences for women or families. Only care about white rich people
The GOP is busy destroying everything.
thank you. Provisions in ACA protect and save babies like my preemie. Before ACA NICU babies hit lifetime cap in a few weeks
Your right, we will have more money and that's just awful isn't it.
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump repeal and replace it with Rand Paul's plan.
the unaffordable Care Act has to go. $586 month, to $997 a month PLUS I now have a $6,000 Deductible.Not affordable at all.
1st executive order. Eliminate all Fines and Penalties associated with Obamacare. 10 million people love this! Awesome!
I stand with Planned Parenthood and women's rights.
Gillibrand/Brown 2020
your pushing the United stated to civil war put the genie back in the box before someone gets killed.
IF GOP destroys #ACA you all in #Congress have no right to receive Top of the line TaxPayer Funded Healthcare. U lose yours 2
Corporate Democrats have to step aside.  You supported Hillary instead over Bernie which gave us Trump.   Bad form.
Back in 2009, you had progressives in NY begging you to support single payer, you declined to support it.  Now we're here.
You should have pushed for single payer instead of selling out to insurance companies #nownoboyishappy
it's got to be  better than Obama Care
We benefitted greatly from ACA; on SoSec/Medicare now and worried they'll trash that!
Why wouldn't you just say millions of Americans? Why does it always have to do with gender with you? Do you not represent men
it might make healthcare actually affordable and eliminate govt mandates. Maybe we should pass it to find out what's in it
guesd you missed the real news obamacare numbers are false.
Keep fighting Senator. Please. Too much if what Democracy stands for is at risk right now. Can't lose ground now.
But it won't affect you, because you voted to exempt yourself from #ACA. You don't represent most women, just self interest
and goes after innocent men on trumped up rape charges.  #thetruthshallsetufree
Mind you, the nation desperately needs #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare
you're assuming there is no replacement which is the goal to make it better
THEY DO NOT CARE!
what do we do now to insure better mid term election results?
Yeah, a positive effect.
thank you. Keep up the good work.
The Dems fault they didn't listen to the voters
filibuster @SenSchumer @RepEliotEngel @BernieSanders
48% of New Yorkers are male; how about not being so narrow minded that all you care about is the females. #MaleLivesMatterToo
broken record
Yup, for instance, some of them will have to out and get a job!
Yes direct consequences. Like affordable health care!!! @HouseDemocrats @UN @vp @Number10gov @TheDemocrats 
Thank you for working for All American's.  You are a true hero.  Please continue to fight on behalf of us all.
The GOP only care for what makes them $$. Some baby dying in squalor is no concern to them.
you're preaching to the choir. Start @ ing GOP news outlets and appearing on their programming. Take the fight to them.
Nice, I have to publish some my private medical records is order to stop you from lying so I can get the medical care I need
As it has been a point for U & others fropm Allowing medical Malpractice to continue. Oh letus not forget, your covering nex
for Hillary Clinton, & her set me up to be murdered by Micheal Nisson, Supervisor of Warren County Child Support.
Are we having fun yet. As my daily living at pain levels from 7 to 9 now daily is a bit much. That is as I won't take the
opiods Doc will sunscribe. I don't like addiction, and you won't be able to just call me another druggie like you do the rest
Oh, least I forget, That i8s if I had a doctor to prescribe a drug. As they've cut me off from even that since last July
yeah the unaffordable care act is really great. You're totally out of touch.
You mean, even worse than the destruction TO the American health care system because OF ObamaCare?
Not to millions of Americans who couldn't afford insurance otherwise
Or millions of Americans who can no longer afford insurance BECAUSE of ObamaCare!
Still waiting to hear from those folks. Two sides to every coin.
He doesn't care about women or families! He only cares about himself, power, and money! #TheResistance
ppl need to realize that means no preventative care and ins based on pre-existing! #RESISTANCE
There will be no improvement in health care until cause of rising costs is addressed- drug & ins co campaign contributions!
so like ur thought but they don't give a shit
thank you for working to stop the GOP.  What do we do? Calls and emails seem pointless #Midterm2018 #resist
the #ACA has made healthcare about paperwork not working on health
let's get Trump some mental health care first. I'm genuinely terrified.
They. Don't. Care!!!!!
Stop with your same old tired talking points. The Democratic Party is unbelievable.
real & direct consequences 4 women & families, ur kidding right? U have not shown 1 bit of concern 4 ur Delphi retiree women
But it will save 1% a few dollars in taxes so that's all they care about
My daughter is 38 yo & covered  by ACA.  Director of small non profit. Makes less than $45,000. Real people being affected.
How about the consequences of your party calling for violent protests & property destruction. Berkly, etc.on @TheDemocrats
The ACA can be repaired without repealing it. Many working people, including myself, need it to survive.
and every one of Trump voters. I've been traveling thru the Midwest. Lots of buyers remorse.
so what are you going to do to prevent this! #saveACA
Thank you for standing firm against the GOP !! This NYer will not forget and will be voting for you again!
They don't care. They have an agenda and, by God, they're gonna adhere to it regardless of who it hurts.
WHAT ERA THE DEMS DOING ABOUT IT OTHER THAN TWEETING?
more false propaganda from the Jr puppet from NY
You proudly lied w/ ACA that we could keep our plans. I lost my ins & have been paying penalty now! FIX THIS NOW!
your leader Obama said election has consequences. Trump won deal with it.  Show up for work. We will remember next election.
I am single mother w/ preexisting condition.  U didnt care when I lost my ins w/ ACA implementation. U proudly LIED to us!
we elected you to work for us not to get pay without showing up for work.  #COWARDDEMOCRAT
since you didn't care when I lost my ins w/ ACA, I am willing to lose it again so this is fixed properly!
please convince your colleagues to join you in protecting the American public. #youreouronlyhope
you and your lazy good for nothing democrats go back to work and stop acting like children.
that's bs Americans that work still can not afford this this is just more insurance for the lazy couch sitters
Thank You!
hopefully they'll soon discover that destroying ACA would not be politically advantageous. then again maybe not
and what are you doing to stop it??? Dems need to step up their forceful language.
but I have lost my CGM. And have $5000 more expense that I can't afford. Why am I being taxed?
Per ACA. I agree with you.
no disrespect Sen Gillibrand: fear of war is more pressing. I do thank u for standing up.
no kidding
The ACA was severely broken and costing taxpayers and participants more than represented. They lied to get it passed.
Medicare for all. Public  option.  Only answer. Most countries have it.
No shit.
please keep up your courageous fight!  We truly appreciate what you are doing. We must #resist this #Illegitimate regime.
My heart breaks for people living in uncertainty and fear over the ACA, Immigration and other issues. This is not America.
They don't care. At all. They are serving their kleptocratic masters.
I am one.  Please help us.
you're doing such a great job standing for us Democrats! Please keep up the fight! We appreciate you!
Thanks for fighting for us.  You make me feel that there's hope out there.
obviously the MO of the GOP is "slash and burn." They don't care about #women or #children (or anyone besides themselves)
No one believes anything you say when you start it with IF.  The Left IS disintegrating and IF nothing changes, it's over.
Yeah, but emails... 
This is my Receipt from doctor. I have subsidized healthcare. I cannot afford it with out subsidies.
what about men?
Seriously, how much more could go wrong with the ACA to get you to be honest.
stop your lies! It already has negative effects on millions thanks to U Dems. Now we have clean up your mess !
Maybe then my premiums will stop rising 18% @year!!
, thx for defending all, even those who didn't think this would happen to them and voted for this
They don't care!!!
Honestly Sen. It's not just the ACA that's in peril,our country is in peril & we call on you & other elec/gov to protect us!
They don't care.
This cannot happen. I work in Medicaid & know how important ACA to the ppl.
Please keep fighting!
Support a reasonable replacement if they propose one. Obamacare, Trumpcare, who cares, we all need affordable healthcare.
Please don't give an inch. Waiting with bated breath for impeachment.
it's going to be hard to get reelected if you take away someone's health care
They @GOP do not seen to care one iota about anything.but their Fascist agenda & destruction of our Constitution!
The ACA saved my life! Shame on anyone who wants to take affordable healthcare away! Up to 43,000 Americans will die annually
please keep fighting for us!
they don't care because it doesn't effect them.  Please continue to fight
Will your Democratic colleagues in the Senate show a little backbone? Or should we expect them just to fall over as usual?
seriously they don't care.  They care more about easing Russia's sanctions the. Helping the middle class
Thank you for standing up for your constituents and their needs. I won't forget that you were there for us when needed!
when will you be in Albany NY
I agree. This NYer hopes u will help slow the repeal or introduce triage legislation. Thank you for your good work
With you all the way!
Hearings yesterday indicate Governors who took Fed $ fine w/Medicaid. TX & FL did not. Tweek OC, don't remove. @HouseGOP
We have real consequences from our uniformed leader. We are in danger. Please do something.
.@SenGillibrand And their party.
stand strong, girl power!
If the GOP destroys America, it will have real, direct consequences for millions of American women and their families.
And me too!
At least some of them know that and that is why they are dragging their feet. #acaworks
Thank you for standing up for families like mine that get our healthcare through the ACA.
Unfortunately this administration has made it quite clear that it doesn't care about women, children or anyone not white/male
