.@SenGillibrand @Refinery29 Viagra better not be covered then, either (especially since it's not life or death, like birth control can be)!
No birth control, NO ED pills!! Seriously.
I keep hearing about the abstinence "solution" anyway 
Viagra is never "covered" in that it's free. BC is always covered, only a co-pay.
They should make BC free then too. Problem solved!
Again genius, viagra isn't free. BC shouldn't ever be free, pay for it yourself.
you literally just said it was free. Anyway,BC should be covered like any prescription drug
BC IS COVERED JUST LIKE ANY PRESCRIPTION DRUG!!!
READ THE MAIN ARTICLE
you do know birth control is free through clinics and has been for several years
Because of the ACA - did you read the article? The ACA is being repealed by @GOP and bc won't be covered anymore.
lol birth control was free long bebore Obama ever thought of running foe office
Um no. No it wasn't. Try again.
sorry sweetheart free birth control has beed around for a few decades
Once again, no, it hasn't. You likely wouldn't know, but only under ACA has one type of bc been without a copay.
little girl there has been free brith control for some time now try looking it up
Yeah see I use birth control. So I don't need to look it up because I already know. Also I can spell...
Boycott sex, we'll see how the men like it...then they can take their viagra & go to ER
I thought they were against abortion, though.  Strange.
- they are against woman enjoying sex
It's all about total control of women. Keeping them barefoot and pregnant and supressed
This is not a surprise. @realDonaldTrump would like to make it 1950 again, just like his Republican pals in the Congress.
perhaps you can introduce legislation so meds for erectile dysfunction are not covered.  #costsavings #priorities
what health care plan?  Last I checked, they don't have one
God forbid anyone pay for their own stuff.
with all due respect it's not about "free stuff" it is about contraceptives being treated like any other medicine.
Treat it however you want.  But we don't need government forcing insurance companies to cover it.
It is a prescription med like any other. Insurance companies should treat it like any other medicine.
You will say anything to get attention
Remember when "America was Great"? And there were daily stories of coat hanger abortions and accidental deaths?
@cyferPtVila @SenGillibrand back when pregnant women were sinful and the children bastards out of wedlock. Never blame penis
wrong, the pill will always be available just not free & not forced on Christians & nuns.  Be truthful please
What does that mean? It isn't forced on anyone. It's just covered by insurance like other prescriptions.
Doesn't plan parent give out free birth control
of course
GOP taking women back 30 years and beyond
no pill, NO SEX - cut 'em off, ladies!
@kelltwomyn @Refinery29 Not everyone even takes it for contraception either. There are other medical reasons! Asshats!
When can men start getting free condoms and vasectomies on demand?
the moment they are held equally responsible for pregnacies they partake in!
Are they not?
you want birth control? Go to the pharmacy and cough up the $9.00 to pay for it.  It should not be up to ME to pay for it
prior to ACA it was not 9 dollars.  Not even close
you still need to pay for your own.  WHY should I be forced to buy YOUR birth control?
no one is asking you pay for it just that it gets covered
My God what is it that people do not understand about treating contraceptives just like ANY OTHER MEDICINE?!?
Will viagra?
disturbing.. yes! Surprising.. of course not. The @GOP hates women.
like we didn't see this coming.
Gee, who wants to bet they'll cover men's Viagra so children can be fathered, born but not fed, housed or educated.
Does car insurance cover oil changes?
So there will still be access, you just have to pay for it yourself.  Makes sense.
Yes & the environment, education, the economy, and security! Devastating selfishness! I feel anguish & hamstrung!
What about women who take the pill for medical reasons? Should they suffer too?
Condom @$0.20 ea, Birth control @$15.00 a mo.. Your saying the world is going to come to an end if Govn't doesn't supply?
Getting rid of birth control coverage will only increase abortions. What about coverage for viagra etc-women don't need it
I'm guessing it will still cover erectile dysfunction meds?
if Viagara is covered-but not BC -SUE!!!!
We need 2 B honest about why. Republicans don't think should enjoy a healthy sex life w/o the burden of kids
Thank you for fighting the fight. I have no idea how you do it.
No surprise at all from this administration.  Turn your clocks back 300 years or more.
Will a similar exclusion be made for Viagra?
Thank you for standing against their hypocrisy. Birth control prevents abortion.
I guess then GOP and supporters will be foster & adoptive  parents & pay for therapy for moms with no choice
and what about women and girls who need them for medical reasons?!?
because of course not
yes very disturbing
Republican goal = women in kitchen, pregnant, at home and subservient to MEN. WE WILL NOT GO BACK!!
Really don't think I should be financially responsible for your lack of accountability.
How would you be financially responsible for insurance companies covering contraception?
UNCONSCIONABLE
Shocking.
@ executive order against the ACA which required insurance companies to cover contraceptives without copays or deductibles
Disturbing? Or is it fully expected given what Republicans have been all about for the last 30 years or so?
What's disturbing is that +60% of women with no college degree voted for people who want to cut off access to birth control.
Are they still covering Viagra?!
glad I was able to get a tubal ligation when Obama was prez- my insurance previously didn't cover them!
they are unable to reason!!!
you can't deny women birth control AND condemn them for having children. Stop attacking women.
And the little blue pill would be covered? Absolutely scandaleous!
Access?  Access?  You lie!
bc pregnancy is just so much more affordable
Pretty sure I see the word "probably" in the article title. Did your Magic 8 Ball say "Definitely So"??
what part of contraception prevents abortion doesn't @GOP get? Prolife hypocrisy 
it is not that it would not be covered but would just be subject to same copay rules as other drugs
how do you know?  I was told I could get coverage with a letter saying I needed and denied three times
prior to the ACA.
if it really saves money wouldn't insurance cos cover it anyway some you claim they are profit oriented
you would think, right? My insurance rates are same whether I have 3 kids or 10- but kids are $$$
Why do they hate us? - women
when lowest abortion rate since Roe v. Wade attributed to access to effective birth control
Very disturbing, Dems. AutoBailOut plan turned their back on 40 yr old Fed. Law (ERISA). Even worse they have done 0 since
Be sure there is a provision to not cover vasectomies or prostrate dysfunctions.Might get their attention as to absurdity
This will only lead to an increase in unsafe abortions. Lives will be lost.
Will viagra be covered?
coz sex is meant to have babies.but when those babies come no one wants them anymore, 'shouldn't have had them' sick circle
I hope every kid that this producing is a democratic who throws their stupid asses out of office.
unsurprising.
Most of my friends (me included) have been rushing to get IUDs before they do this. We can't afford the risks.
insuring a human for 18 years. 2/2
I guess it'll be up to the insurers to use common sense (I'll wait for you to stop laughing...) and pay anyway instead of 1/2
