Election hacking efforts went beyond Russian tampering in 21 states. But there have been few investigations. http://nyti.ms/2gpuNVh 
PAPER BALLOTS!!!!
This is a good idea but would require  additional protections .
Until we have hack proof voting machines paper ballots are the only way to ensure fair election results
We've had some serious problems with paper ballots in California and it's a concern that needs to be addressed. I do believe it's safer .
Kenya invalidated their election due to tampering. We should do the same.
send to your senator and congressman call them, start ASAP
No shit really ? Hope u can get the guys that hold all the cards to help u out! Not happening if trump says fixed that means he's doing it
*demands.
#unhackthevote 
Thank you @SenGillibrand for talking about election system vulnerabilities. We MUST address it now!
It's already been shown how easy voting machines are to hack. When elected, I'll work to stop the madness. #MajorSOS https://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2017-08-31/congressional-republicans-cannot-ignore-threat-of-russian-hacking-in-2018 …
I cn still remember hw we were reassured by many Secretaries of State abt hw safe & secure their voting systems were b4 t election?!?!
That's because the deflection is that undocumented aliens are voting instead. Stop wasting our money on problems that don't exist
If y'all actually cared abt preventing hacking, you'd have implemented #PaperBallots already. But that would provide too much accountability
The American people have been well aware of vulnerabilities in voting infrastructure for years.  Why has the gov. allowed it to persist?
That's why ID and paper ballots are a necessity
Drag any state that doesn't seek transparency in our elections process. We deserve the truth. Our away of life depends on it.
Let's face it, we need this fixed asap to preserve what's left of our democracy and both sides need to support it equally
We could bring Obama bk and dissolve F..,,,,,.. Cabinet
Amazing how many ppl are crying over this saying how un democratic this is BUT see no problem with the democratic party ruling  12 0r 16yrs
Thank you Senator Gillibrand.
The American people deserve a do-over without computerized anything & paper ballots counted by hand. I'll help.
that is wt France did once they figured RU meddling. We are being controlled by 1 F.....GOP party that gives a  abt Democracy
And prosecution of those responsible

Some1 saying they "knew" Russian hackers & citing sources on "condition of anonymity" means nothing. Still waiting for evidence.
Why do we say "never happen again" like we have any control over ever, or never. How about simply, let's fix this.
Do you think Kenya taking a step forward, after discovering their elections were hacked, will empower other Nations to do the same? #Kenya
Trump DID NOT win and election needs to be nullified!
I agree
1/ Trump is a mob boss who worked with another mob boss, Putin, to defraud the US and steal power and the wealth that power confers.
2/ If our Reps and Senators don't swiftly end his false presidency and punish this corruption, the people will lose faith in our system.
3/ If we learn that laws are worthless because our legislators are toothless or corrupt, chaos and widespread lawlessness will ensue.
4/ With exception of a few Reps & Sens, most seem to be reacting to Trump's treason, fraud, and madness far too passively.
GOP knew abt ths & r complicit. Tht is wy they don't wnt #IMPEACH. The handlers r telling them: "the public is 2 ignorant & LAME to do a/t"
So did Imran Awan work for you too?
Please push investigation & mitigation of election interference #Gillibrand2020 #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht
I'd like to know why we don't have the option to vote again after the hacking came to light. The current president isn't legitimate.
Thank you but I do believe that as the investigation continues it will uncover more details.
And as long as the @GOP control all three branches of government, we'll never get those investigations in the House or Senate. #MuellerTime
Wt  abt the Courts?!??
Illegitimate election!
Yep, complicit GOP
Also, we need our actual president @HillaryClinton to be in her rightful office.

It's been happening increasingly since 2000 election. Follow @Greg_Palast
Remember R FL Secretary f State Harris. Many R Cubans also gr involved n votr fraud. Thn t Sup Ct- a R appointed Judge-Scalia sided w R. FL
We've been asking for almost a year w/ no clear answers. Regardless of how it effected this last POTUS election, we must protect the future

What about a new election or an invalidation of this past one ?
We should demand that this be investigated as much and hard as TrumpRussia collusion is
What happened was the US electoral system was hacked resulting in the wrong party and President gaining power. The US will never admit this.
The USA people are admitting it just going to take a giant kick in the ass to get those few GOP to get it
Yes!!  Please, please take this on!  There is no hope if our votes don't count!  Nothing matters more than this!
There should be an in depth investigation into Republican vote corruption which used the Russian interference as cover for their misdeeds
Not only do we deserve an understanding, we need to hear what has been done to prevent such a thing from ever happening.
Paper ballots, please!
Never happen with Orange boy in WH
This should invalidate @realDonaldTrump's election completely especially considering that eith the hack @HillaryClinton is STILL #POPvoteWin
Senator, I agree & am a strong supporter of yours. However, please let us know what actions you & fellow Senators are taking.
The people who cheated aren't going to investigate. Those congress critters who, at least benefited from said cheating, aren't  either
First investigations must be called for and made mandatory. This has been ignored for far too long.
@SenGillibrand @SenSchumer Please, We do not want DACA dismantled nor do we want to budget for the wall. America  protects her Dreamers.
We all know the election results were manipulated. trump is not the legitimate president. R's stealing wins w/ hacking & EVMS. DO OVER.
I have a right to vote.
I have the right to know if my vote counted! 
Did Russians overtake my vote?
I have a right to know if my vote counted!
The American people deserve a new election. 

The Presidency should not be a reward for lying, cheating and treasonous conduct.
Ask O'Bama he was notified of this prior to the election and decided to do NOTHING
What r the states and party of the governor?
Well, what are you going to do about it?
The American people deserve their actual elected president.
@nytimes We do! So why is the FBI not releasing Clintons emails? 2 sides to every story unless you are scared of 1?
I hear Comey has some free time. Just sayin.
Because it was the Dems hacking to get votes for Hillary? Debbie Schultz had the IT family doing what?
Make it so! + @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray @RepDennyHeck
Can we quit blaming Hillary yet?
Please, please don't let this issue get forgotten!
If this piques your curiosity then follow @mikefarb1 who is leading the effort that Americans deserve and then demand an investigation!
Don't we?
If memory serves, voting machine irregularities are how Chavez installed himself in Venezuela. So many populist parallels also. 1/
Venezuela is our future if we don't stop this NOW.
Oh, I'm SURE 45*'s Election "Integrity" Commission is all over it!
Trump stole our election period with Putins help we need to install the rightful president and that is Hillary Clinton!
Americans need to know the failure of 0bama, Hillary, and you in Benghazi. For starters.
BLOWS MY MIND!  why are we not in an uproar. Dems, you also have to get it as well @robreiner @SenWarren @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer
Republicans stick to the party like to turds!!!
Never is 4 God only to use, therefore, it will occur again & worst! Read the Old Testament 2 tell dumb humans like us what will come 2 pass!
@ErinLOLiver @nytimes #nullify2016
#SCOTUS161464
#HearTheCase
#Nullify2016
#UnHackTheVote
#UniteBlue
#Resist
@Revote201716146
http://revote2017.net 
We need a more thorough investigation without any stops along the way!
So it never happens again my ass. Let's get to the bottom of THIS election hack and do whatever necessary to set it right.
Thank you, Feds deny tallies changed. But there is no way could not have been with fake news. long voting lines etc. We need the truth
You might want to talk to DNC, Coumo and require ID to vote.
Oh maybe ask #hillaryclinton #obama #soros. Your party is the most corrupt, manipulative, and down right evil in the history of America.
Why won't your DNC turn over their server FOR the investigation?
You are 100% correct Senator. We need an impartial investigation into this ASAP.
Preach it @SenGillibrand !! @HillaryClinton is OUR President.It will come to be known!Never stop talking about it,go call him #illegitimate
Fucking right huh
Thanks, SenGillibrand for your attention to this vital issue.  Please do all you can to insure that our elections are not hacked again.
Please run for president
Hillary won. Fight for her. Too many of you want to be the 2020 nominee and won't speak up.
Kristen, Kenya just nulled their election and will start again- why can't The US?
Agreed but the gop congress doesn't care as long as it helps them continue to cheat elections & steal the presidency & SCOTUS #trumprussia
Normally homeland defense would check into this but one of trumps buddy runs that agency
Can we count on you to make sure that happens? It's so critical and seems as if it's loss in the abyss of the DC madness right now....
It happened because America runs on money and that means the cheapest solution is always the one chosen when it comes to non profit security

Thank you. It will be incumbent upon you, @SenSchumer & every member of Congress to make sure this crucial issue is addressed.
And maybe so we know who actually won the 2016 election!
@nytimes Could not agree more.  Transparency and the truth must go hand in hand.
What are you talking about????  Sad..!!!
#DebtBasics
#AmericansDeserveACongressThat
#PaysBackTheMoneyItBorrowed
#BudgetYourIncome &
#PayoffYourDebt
#StayFocusedOnTheJobAtHand
@GOP
Please ditch the electoral college!!
I don't think we could take:  Donald 2 - Return Of Orange Ineptitude -- not enough wine in Napa
I would luv to hear how Russia hacked into the voting machines and knew which States/Counties to target 
How bout, you look into the Podesta bros/Russia ties and maybe even the Pak. IT family/dnc ties. Did you have em working for you?
#CrossCheck @Greg_Palast
Wow Kirsten, you think we should do something? Brilliant, what a contribution. Give us your thoughts on what should be done genius?
You believe that Russia hacked us? I hope you get primaried out of your seat.
I hope she gets enough white hat hackers involved2allow either another Dem or Green to take her seat, I'd prefer Green but would accept Dem.
Explain the Nation article refuting Russia hack allegation.
Russian story is done finished...a fraud perpetuated on public with media help. This is Gillibrand's legacy..committing fraud on public.
Investigate!
Well, isn't this your job #Senator

D's need 2 vote w/@SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC 4 #SelectCommittee 2 investigate ALL aspects of 2016
Or maybe declare the US 2016 presidential election void because of discrepancies, like they did in Kenya?
Who will do that? Words are nice but seems actions are too late (and rare) to help in 2018...maybe even for 2020.
Crowdfund an investigation. Maybe if we can keep everyone busy investigating each other we can save the Republic. I'd donate.
maybe the DNC could clear that up for you as they probably played a big part in the election hacking
You are right - the DNC seems to be completely responsible:. Debbie Wasserman schultz, Hillary, Bill Clinton
Agreed Senator, the American people should know the truth on how Dems colluded with Russia and their IT contractor sold secrets to Russia
Trump is Russian elected. He won't lift a fingered to unmask Russian hacking of our elections. He & his jackals do not want to be exposed.
no movement to rectifythe wrongdoing?
Please find out if Russia flipped electoral college
Bernie donors deserve a clear understanding and a refund 
And a new election with paper ballots.
