Absolutely NO socialized medicine. It is worse than ACA. ACA was designed to fail so you could push single-payer. NO!
(Which is why tax simplification is balked at by lawmakers. Where would all the unemployed accountants go?)
I agree completely with that statement. The tax code IS corruption.
You heard it here first!  She wants to put health care companies out of business.  That's called LOST jobs.
They have a fiduciary responsibility to stockholders to be profitable.
Get the for-profits out of healthcare so our dollars are actually spent on our health instead of CEO mansions. @alfranken @SenJeffMerkley
Please keep your eye on the ball. Lose ACA and we will never get health care for all let alone Medicare for all #saveACA
CoSponsor #MedicareForAll Yet—@SenGillibrand Pushs #PublicOption—Cannot Afford 28M uninsured http://www.pnhp.org/docs/sp_vs_publicoption.pdf …
U need to tell American citizens what Medicare for all means financially, younger Americans probably think its free! How high will taxes go
Prays for #chainmigration #illegals to be too dumb to oppose #Communist #Welfarehealthcare.
Insurance companies are for profit. Of course great healthcare is not their goal. Goal is bottom line and shareholders.
That's not true. 2.5 M jobs are in insurance & insurance people are in it to help others. Sit down with one of us, have a conversation.
Owners and upper management is not in insurance for the good of those who have to have it. If they were, they would put caps, etc on plans.
1. You don't get to assume why someone is a manager. 2. 2.54 million employees aren't owners. If nobody cares how did ins ever get big.
Whose paying for it?
Dems guide to #Communism: 1. Seize control of healthcare. 2. Control environment w/#Climatechange. #Enslave in 1 #ConstitutionalRebublic.
Someone pulled $32 trillion over the next decade out of their arse; I KNOW it's bollocks! What are the REAL costings for #MedicareForAll?
Insurance cos have legal and fiduciary responsibility to shareholders. You want them to break the law? 
@jennybethm
@fud31
@charliekirk11
Sens. Graham/Cassidy preparing last ditch GOP block grant healthcare bill before Sept. 30. Looking for needed votes. Keep fighting for us.
Medicare for All would be a massive boost to business who would no longer have to provide healthcare; & grow the US economy significantly 
Medicare for all? Even politicians?
Could private #InsuranceCompanies be allowed to offer equal or better #UniversalCoverage plans as an alternative to basic #MedicareForAll?
How do you pay for it?
They see their first responsibility to share holders. My ins lost contract with major state hospital sys I was treated by bc they don't pay
They also still tell doctors how to treat the patients and when!!
You're advocating socialized medicine. You're not helping New Yorkers. You never have alternatives. Just complaints. #dumpgillibrand
If politicians stop take money from them something could be done
There should be no for-profit company between us and our country. Capitalism is fine but not for Healthcare. Great profits, and do nothing.
Healthcare never belonged in a for profit model. It's a right, not a privilege, despite our conditioning to believe otherwise.
Flaw inherent w capitalism: infinite extraction from finite resources. Math doesn't work. Corporations obligated to max. s/h profit
Of course they value profit more.  That's their nature.  They are "for profit" companies not "non profit" charities.
Govt. should get the hell out of insuance  business & any private bnusiness
All private company's put profit first.
Of course, it is business. They have lobbyists and are in US political pockets.
That is like saying the hospital administrator cares more about people than profit #naive
What about the 2.5+ million jobs in the insurance industry? Who pays when 1/2 those jobs & their tax rev are gone for good? #realtalk
First time I have heard insurance companies specifically called out. Thank you for that
Tired of Dems running away from Obamacare. In a country that can't keep Social Security funded? I'm just... no. I'm out.
Well said and sadly the truth. People dying and suffering who can't afford hlthcre are examples of acceptable losses to Ins co's for profits
And you will put 525,600 healthcare insurance employees out on street while Govt has monopoly over paying for healthcare. Wow...
companies answer to stock holder the same can be said about politicans and what would be your answer?
Until you get the for-profits out of healthcare, these problems will continue.  Look where the money goes..... #MedicareforAll
Exactly! Why should CEO's make multi million salaries & stockholders have a stake in how health claims are paid? Profiting on the sick.
Right on! Insurance & drug companies & their lobbyists holding us back from fair costs. Medical cost inflation double all orhers since 70's.
@bennydiego  Amen! This country can no longer afford private "free market" medicine.
Real break through you have there.
What are Lindsey Graham's holdings? Don't trust any insurance-industry peddlers; that's what he seems to be. It's about $$$$$, NOT humanity.
"A New Deal"
You think? They're all @ALEC_states #Alec and then you have the NRA which promotes mass murder & suicide which drains our BANK they pay 0.
Kind of like senators and congressmen, more about money than the people they represent
It's a business.  Maybe houses and cars for all as a right next.  What do you say Kristen.
It goes beyond insurance companies.  Pretty much all corporations will screw over people in pursuit of a dollar. Single payer!
By their very nature insurance companies r wrong answer 2 healthcare solution betting against interests of their client 4 profit 2 investors
Oh now y'all want to push for Medicare for all after the crap y'all put people through with Obamacare.
Yes, please.   My entire adult life has been defined by grappling with the for-profit health industry.
That's why their called companies and not a government benefit.
You are just now figuring that out?!?
Really, that's your analysis of the sysyem's problem. #deepthinker
GILLIBRAND CONTINUES TO PUSH WELFARE PROGRAMS EVEN THOUGH MEDICARE WILL BE BROKE IN 10 YEARS MAKE NEW YORK GREAT AGAIN VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT
GILLIBRAND CONTINUES TO PUSH WE
Well kirsten, if you want to drive the elderly to their GRAVES with SKY HIGH PREMIUMS they can't afford, GO AHEAD & PASS #MedicareForAll !
It's high time ALL of us divested in for-profit healthcare. Make sure our 401's and pensions aren't part of the problem.
Ins co should not be shareholder profit driven entities. Why are they making $? Wrong
This will get far worse if CGH Bill passes. Anthem is prime example of this. This bill is a divide & conquer gift to the ins. industry.
Sadly, Sen Graham has no interest in preserving HC for anyone. He is focused on negating ANYTHING Obama accomplished. I just don't get it.
Nice to hear you on @BrianLehrer today.  You have my vote.
چه باید کرد
Awesome! Welcome aboard.  Let's get this done.
What are you doing to protect the ACA?
It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business.   "The Godfather" so many life lessons to be learned, especially relevant for New York.
"Too many insurance companies ..."?  Try "All insurance companies."  Their first order of business is to make money.
Who on earth ever decided to allow insurance companies to be for profit ventures? It makes no sense whatsoever.
Why else would they exist?
Insurance is there to cover expenses re: what they insure. They are NOT there to deny coverage so they can line their pockets.
I think everyone can agree to that. Too many gray areas? This is a complicated issue on so many levels
They all do.
Insurance is a business.
Healthcare is not.
Service providers are running business too. Drs are in business.
Life and people are what matter...healthcare shouldn't be treated like everything else... capitalism on steroids
What would the motivation be for our best and brightest to become Drs. I Agree we need changes

More government handouts, Senatot?
Deeply true.
Abolish insurance companies with the deductibles and copay most are self insured now.#SinglePayer is the only sane way.
So Obama care doesn't work?
Just listened to you on @BrianLehrer show. You're a true leader and I couldn't be more proud to call you my Senator. Keep up the good fight.
The goal of business is to turn a profit. If it serves it's customers well it earns more Why do we have business ignorant people in congress
#MedicareForAll is a BETTER DEAL for all Americans - @SenCortezMasto  - we demand the Better Deal & you need to abandon centrism & cosponsor
I wonder why @SenSchumer is not on board with #MedicareForAll?He has at least 134k reasons
And politicians value lobbies $ over will of people. Your point?
Remember when you lied to everyone and said our insurance was going to cost less with #PPACA? #YouLie. 20% of my income goes to #HealthCare
You mean to tell me private business wants to make money? Amazing
How about Tort reforms?  Insurance is high because of the costs in litigation and the outrageous awards.
There are too many big, for profit players influencing our health care system and its hurting citizens.
Yeah it's a problem but the fact the GOP might repeal ACA is actually a more pressing issue right now, would love you to focus on that
YES! People's sickness or health should not ever be left to the control of the free market capitalists. Greed will kill us as for sure!
Agreed
May I have a link to the bill? It would at least prove it exists. No one in #congress has acknowledged reading it.
Better than Medicare. People on Medicare still need supplemental insurance
Actually they do not. They can "choose" to add supplemental to their insurance when we can afford it.
@HillaryClinton has a great plan. https://www.hillaryclinton.com/issues/health-care/ …
This sounds much better than #MedicareForAll #SaveACA
That cant be wort a damn if crooked Hillary agrees with it
They have to profit to survive.  They help no one when they're out of business
Do Law firms and Lobbyists strive for profit or loss? Work for bonuses or for free?
#HealthCare should be Not-for-Profit
So Drs and nurses etc work for free? What would the motivation be? Education, equip etc costs money.
Please let's fix the #ACA and have #UniversalHealthCare #MedicareForAll won't work.
You need to be convincing the Republicans.
The only obstacles to ACA becoming universal, lowering costs, etc... is Republican majorities.

That's why the profit motive should be removed from essential services like healthcare, education, incarceration, utilities, transportation
Food, clothing, housing? Straight up communism?
Those are services?
If healthcare is a right, why aren't those basic needs? I don't think I'm conflating
There's a profit incentive tied to those needs too
Goods are tangible and easy for consumer to see value. Services are intangible so easier for provider to manipulate prices.
Let's ask the victims of the housing bubble, by that logic.
That was a banking issue, not a housing issue. Next.
