If @POTUS is serious about paid leave, we have the #FAMILYAct—a solid bill that'd guarantee paid leave for all Americans. #Jointsession
That speech made clear that our president is severely out of touch with our values. #Jointsession
nope..your. Values are shit
@SenateDems @POTUS how about lowering taxes instead of needing to raise wages #Jointsession #TaxationIsTheft @realDonaldTrump
Lowering taxes doesn't increase wages. That's republican voodoo economics.
so if i am taxed 0% do I keep more or less of my money? If I keep more why would I need to make more? Taxation is theft
taxes go toward public goods which can only be provided by government. Society is inefficient without such public goods.
if the government didn't build roads…what would stop me from opening a construction company to make roads? The market always provides
Look, this country was libertarian. The economy collapsed. The government saved it and built a modern system of infra & services
You may be right Senator but my 401k is up 20% in 3 months since he was elected and it must see something you do not
clean your ears and listen, he did
bc he doesn't have one lmao!
45* has never said one substantive word, written anything of weight, about jobs. Don't think it was ever a real issue
Why does NO ONE mentioned @realDonaldTrump outsources his brand products to foreign cntys & used #ChineseSteel in his bldgs?
Because the laws favor making money by outsourcing. He's trying to fix  that.
Put his money where his mouth is b4 pointing fingers
Give him time to fix it, and he'll bring his business back to America... Give him some time. dang
I've given him time.I assume u r a good & kind man. Would u allow him 2 date ur daughter/niece? How can u acpt #TrumpsLies?
Yes ma'am. I would.I believe a lot of what is said about him is taken out of context. His problem is he's brash... but he is honest.
Thousands of jobs have been created in America every month. Grover the Muppet could be in office. Doesn't matter.
Grover The Muppet... is in office #Trump
Why didn't the last administration raise wages? Better yet why didn't Dems get it done when they controlled congress?
Administrations don't set wages. That's the private labor market. The federal minimum wage was increased in July 2009.
in it's first 40 days but were silent as wages stagnated for 8 years under the previous admin. It's fair game to ask why they failed.
agree that wages stagnated. Dems had power 2 yrs. Repubs 6. And there was a lot of cleanup from prior admin in those 2. Remember?
I care about America and Americans not party lines. The past is what is.We can learn from it and move on but only by coming together.
Blame Repubs not Dems for divisiveness. Our plans include them. Theirs exclude us. That's not ok.
I have to disagree with that. I thinks last night made that clear. When POTUS called for unity the Dems sat on their hands.
I think we can both agree he has been extremely divisive and a single speech can't fix that.
What is YOUR real plan? #GoAhead #Waiting
you and your fellow Democrats fail the American People! You're still not listening are you?, can't wait to vote again!
@TheDemocrats follow the will of the *majority*  It is you who are lost and confused.
I'm a Proud Deplorable, I don't need to follow Hollywood Stars, etc., that know NOTHING about how I struggle & Live Day to Day
... and continues ignoring climate change.
Climate change... It's called "Weather"...
perhaps you simply weren't listening?  Too busy freaking out as you saw Dems losing in 2018 and 2020.
kirsten...try working with POTUS...flapping your lips does nothing!
And you've failed to get just about any of your sad candidates elected your entire tenure!
and all you have done Senator is allow girls to pee in a boys restroom
Many company's have met w/Pres. They need to go out an apply, get off Welfare
where was the plan over the past 8 years? It has been just over 1 month and there is more in motion now than ever!
Did u really expect details during the speech?He had a time limit.Gillibrand,ur a sharp person&u should know better.
Actually he did, were you too busy ignoring the speech to listen?
This is the truth and the message Dems need to hammer. America needs to know he won't help workers.
The only answer to all that is CUT TAXES drastically!
He is a hot air balloon !
, @NEAarts puts millions of Americans to work every day. POTUS plan to eliminate #NEA funds takes away more American jobs.
are you kidding me?
By building the military this might be the way he will create jobs
You missed the point of the speech! This was not a detailed plan for his agenda. I don't remember Obama giving details
As expected there is a lot of populist hand waving but no substantive explanation of a "PLAN"
hey Kirsten, bipartisan leadership and accomplishments require that you refrain from this sort of needless invective.
but whatever his plan is it's gonna be great. Believe me. 1500th standing O
Just another campaign speech. #Resistence #Trumprussia #impeachTrump
Your darkness will be brought to the light. 2/2
You are a shameless Soros globalist. Go back to your shadow work, trying to bring America down. 1/
have to work together for that. How will you help?
but you do have a real one?? Is it called food stamps for those who don't work or because we work jobs we can't get???
Still no detailed plans.  Only sound bites. Love the word #ACCESS! It's the GOP new word to solve their incompetence
He ties jobs to rebuilding infrastructure.  How many Americans can do that work, where is the training needed?
you are so envious of how hard he is working for each American. How about you try for NY constituents. EACH one.#MAGA
great to hear from senator sour grapes. His plan laid out a lot of good plans.
@SenateDems you guys think he cares he doesn't.  He and his buddies have money they don't understand why the rest of us dont
do not normalize this dictator
Wrong It wax a Magnificent Speech! Time to get in the game!
None of those are the Federal Governments responsibilities.
New York grew from 19.39 million in 2010 to 19.75 million. Where's this -800,000 figure coming from?
But he said he would do those things. Isn't that enough?
your repeating nonsense. This type of speech is an outline not a detailed plan. You know that. Stop being devisive.

We're still waiting for your plan to create new jobs and bring in revenue for NYS. So when do think we might see that?
you Democrats are disgusting.  Stop your obstructionist program and work with our President.
the talking head last night was not the @realDonaldTrump.
raising wages is only effective if combined with taxing the super wealthy, otherwise they'll just pass the cost to consumers
prices will go up at Walmart, McDonalds etc... and it will be retirees on fixed incomes who will pay the highest cost.
- Reducing regulation in and of it self is a job creator, & therefore, a plan.  You may be more clueless than Caroline
45 has a distorted view of reality, blaming our problems on illegals.  We need strict gun laws to curb homegrown havoc
@SenateDems @POTUS epic failure as a senator if you see this clueless on how business works lol
They have no clue,.especially about cause + effect.
How long have you held elected office? Have you done any of these things?
You must have listened to a different speech.  You sound bitter and petulant.  But keep it up - 2018 will not be kind.
DEMS- a lot of shakers but no movers
@JohnBlecka @POTUS and he never will
Pathetic; you expect "something" for doing essentially "nothing" #tcot #MAGA
Were you even listening?
Do you take meds for that? Not working.
So the trillion $ infrastructure plan, pipe line, and fair trade doesn't create jobs.  What plan do you have to create more?
oh it was a plan. Get onboard or resign
You weren't listening. Your only have hate for America
ok hot shot. When were the democrats going to deliver their plan?
, @POTUS actually planted land mines for the GOP in the vague proposals they applauded wildly but will never vote to support.
Ending outsourcing would require @realDonaldTrump to stop making his clothing overseas.
No, you Clowns have failed the American people for yrs now!!!Hoping for his failure is DISGUSTING!! #UnPatriotic
@SenateDems @POTUS tire of the games our govt play with us you against us us against you politicians are the only winners
you're a hypocrite. What happen in upstate NY? No jobs for Upstate New Yorkers under your leadership. Sad!!! Pathetic!
8 years of the other guy's failure and 40 days for Trump....your a real "the glass is all empty" kind of a gal huh?
The steel jobs are long time gone. If we are looking to replace them, it should be with the next big materials tech.
@SenateDems @POTUS AND why won't he discuss reusable energy.  Coal miners could move and learn new jobs. We all do it.
@SenateDems @POTUS Pres Obama gave a jobs bill to house n they did nothing with it they did nothing about infrastructure
@SenateDems @POTUS Tell us Dems: what all did Obozo "deliver" in 8yrs other than bombing & arming our enemies?! Dumbasses!
@SenateDems @POTUS and this my friends is why liberal socialist are becoming extinct. No vision, no initiative, just ignorant
this refusal to deal with reality is why DNC will lose more ground. Btw, I'm a long time dem embarrassed 4 party
Couldn't agree more. As a Dem, I am losing faith in our Dem leadership.
doesn't work like that! He doesn't put out the plan during #Jointsession ! Get with it Kirsten .
You obviously were asleep between 9:00 & 10:30 tonight
@SenateDems @POTUS Your finished!
Go see a Doctor. You are insane! The country is done with you're type of leader
ye of little faith. Give him a chance before you discredit. Wouldnt you want the same from your constituents?
he's had longer a chance afforded to 44 by the R's and @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell. #impeach #treason
And the Democrap plan for the last 8 years was what, exactly?
That sounds like Hillary Clinton and Obama, so what's the difference?
@SenateDems @POTUS you must be in La-la land. Repeal Obama failed Care
and in 8 years King Obama never said one word about American jobs and the struggling middle-class. #TrumpWinning #MAGA
haha yeah ok! Well any "plan" Obama laid out fell flat on its face. But hey stick to your partisan politics!
.@SenGillibrand That’s because @POTUS has no plans, only campaign promises to keep. Vague promises can be vaguely kept. Real plans? Nah.
Neither of you have a serious plan. @POTUS too busy wasting time on news media. What's your Excuse @SenGillibrand?
yeah so much to do as obama left us so messed up and in debt it will take time to fix it
@SenateDems @POTUS Just take a seat, sit back and watch. Pretty much do what you did for the last 8 years.
He did but it's a fantasy.
ur failure to hear is underscored by women in white playing on phones thru speech. Stronger together
Not just factories, Reminded every time I call cs/tech support 4 companies like TWC, who have gone offshore! 
stop illegal immigration and you will stop the problem.
Government doesn't create job, it's kills The with the EPA, and TAXES! An taxing the people to death like their trying
Were you even there? So tell us your plan "crickets"  Get behind #AmericaFirst or just get voted out...SMH #MAGA
YOU are out of your mind!  You really have no idea what we the people want & need do you? Or is it that you don't care? #MAGA
OMG and he has had 50 days with practically no cabinet... democrats looked like fools tonight.I'm embarrassed for them
it was a home run.  Best of my 50 yrs.  Your irrational hate is doing you no favors.  We love DJT
Up your dosage of whatever they've prescribed you... Quick before the unicorns appear.
@SenateDems @POTUS  sitting on your ears as well as your hands. Doing nothing  is not part of the solution.
wtf r u smoking?  The guy has been in office a little over a month. Ur team didn't do anything except bitch four 8 yrs
<<<<<once again prove to be the scum  party.
you just don't get it. please leave the swamp.
@SenateDems @POTUS well I agree w/ everything about raising wages. Outside of inflations wage raising is dangerous
Succeeded in making people stand up and cheer with American pride. Amazing speech.The time for trivial fights are over
the fight has just begun... Believe me... biggly!
oh I believe you. There will always be people who want to divide and tear down this country. True colors
blindly following a leader inflating/ creating his own facts is the danger here. #alternativefacts
Gillibrand, please diet
spoken like a true Trumperskin... with a brave dog as bio pic. He's to you dying by icicle.
@SenateDems @POTUS not so much!  Learn a lesson from election and play in the same sand box!
@SenateDems @POTUS all I can say is you're really incompetent if you cannot understand what he said
Why do you think she is incompetent?
@SenateDems @POTUS MY PRESIDENT IS MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My president is windsurfing the last time i checked.
YOU must have been listening to a repeat of an Obama talk and not our current President.
Paid
but he "sounded" presidential. #LowBar #FreshBS
@SenateDems @POTUS you have a good job?who outsourced jobs?senators wages?WOW!UNBELIEVABLE.
Have a joint session for all it maters when EVERYONES been bought and payed for.
and what did BHO and you Democrats do for 8 years? Not a damn thing. #JointAddress #MAGA
they did plenty, just nothing good
20 million have life-saving health insurance.Nothing is what your party's leader.....
that has increased premiums up to 300% it's not Affordable and people would pay penalty
i like mine.  Many many like theirs.  Stop obstructionism and fix ACA.. msg @SenateMajLdr
had to drop wife from my plan due to Obamacare. Now dependent on Cherokee Nation benefits
A trillion dollar infrastructure bill creates jobs
Trump was elected on 1/20/2017, what have you done to help him ?
As an American, shouldn't you be HELPING him ? 
.@SenGillibrand .@POTUS 
  LIBERALS MUST STOP THE HATE and start working to Make America Great Again !!!!!
Yeah...that's the ticket....I'll go with this....
here's an idea. Get New York state in order before launching the obligatory scuds at the president.
NY state is doing very well relative to other states especially those deep red states. I'm curious here..
what's your plan Senator? Or do you just like whining. Stop the BS, start working with the pres to help your State
And we were expecting?  GOP is only on a mission, with the Scary Clown at the top, to destroy America.
we need @TheDemocrats to smarten up. Out of touch. Listen to your voters.  Rebuttal to #JointAddress was awful!
listen to your constituents talk to them
POTUS addressed 4000 lives killed in Chicago alone and Democrats sat on they're hands like cry babies. #Jointsession
political bs. Chicago ranks middle of the list. How about all the southern cities w/ higher rates?#resist
Irrelevant......Democrats were motionless.
motionless in response to a falsehood. Political attack on Chicago & Rahm Emanuel frm Obama chief of staff. How about St Louis?
Does it really matter which city the most people died in?? Really?? Liberals motionless to murder. Sick
please run with Bernie in 2020 or run by yourself. You two only Democrats with guys to stand for us IMO.
he has know plan- Trumps followers including the @GOP don't care about plans they just like hearing bullshit.
america has been great for 4 years before potus. Until he recognizes that , do not agree w him
@SenateDems @POTUS YOU have failed to seize opportunity for unity
@SenateDems u all r out 4 urselves & destruction of we the ppl & America
that's pretty hyperbolic and doesn't seem to add to the discourse. Correct me if I'm wrong.
... but wildly succeeded in churning the corpses of democrats into polite outrage!
@thedemocrats failed to select a person with a future in politics to deliver the rebuttal  to #JointAddress
Kristi, what have done since 1/20/2017 to help Trump ?
Have you helped seat his nominee's to his cabinet ? 
@SenateDems @POTUS and he will continue to fail. He doesn't care about the average person. Investigate #russiagate now!
doesn't he have 600 jobs that need to be filled in His White House (Start There) Mr. President.
There is no plan except tweeting to companies, he's all talk and no action. No actual policy coming. He's a con.
Yes. His allusion to infrastructure plan w/ "mix of private capital" = industry tax breaks, not investments to benefit public
His only plan is to blame Dems, take credit for progress he didn't create, and claim success where there is none.
That would make him an Obama clone..that can't be because he actually has been successful at something
there your answer correct. Trump did failed to deliver message. But still this is the month of February
last month Trump was inauguration in the White house in January 20. Still correct Trump not provide what information to
give saying.
@SenateDems @POTUS as per usual
@SenateDems @POTUS government does not create jobs!
so if the government builds X bridge, hires Y company, therefore indirectly creating jobs...Z
didn't expect him to-having low expectations of the president keeps the disappointment down
"Millions of GREAT PAYING JOBS". LIke magic!
jey, he gave you a vision. What you can't carry it out? Get a new job!
he could begin by not outsourcing jobs for his clubs and winery
@SenateDems @POTUS just a bunch of pandering to his base 
Yeah but, he didn't vomit on himself, so he's presidential
please stop the negativity and work for the American people.  Adults disagree and work together
agreed. where were you calling for Mitch McConnell to *act like an adult*?  Game has changed-shut up!
and YOU've failed to allievate the poverty in rural upstate NY.  DO YOUR JOB!
What have you ever done? #JointAddress
No plan. Talking points delivered by TelePrompTer
this is hysterical!8yrs of EVERYTHING prompted +@HillaryClinton reading *sigh* this is rich 
