Q: USA emissions standards drive companies to Russia, China, & others w/loose standards, & that helps earth's environment....how?
Yea, that will bring those companies back.
Remember when Obama said "those jobs (manufacturing) are never coming back"? Then along came Trump & here they come... end of story
this administration is literally going to kill us...
That's the exactly what they want
you suppose they have plans for the govt to colonize Mars????
@JeffBezos please watch Anthony Bourdain parts unknown, about how we survive in Lagos Nigeria, you are looking for ways to help. Power is wh
What will help us. Please help
Traitor, swamp leader. Pray God calls on him soon to pay for his evil acts.
A narcissist always knows much more than a whole world's global climate scientists. The man is a disaster!
#NeverForceGirlsToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnotherCountries
#ClimateChangeWelfarePayments
#MayTrulyBeAScam
#WeKnow
#CongressionalDebtAbuseIsReal
WTF? Why is someone who doesn’t believe in climate change in charge of the EPA? All Pruitt wants to do is DESTROY THE ENVIRONMENT! WHY?
Power producers aren't buying it. No profits in coal fired plants anymore. Open investigation into Pruitt's dirty deals.
Few deny climate change. It's the man made part that we deny. Water vapor is the no. 1 green house gas. Way beyond CO2.
Volcanic activity.
A bigger contributor to CC than any US gov $$granted climatologist will admit.

There's a reason this admin is so anti-science. Media reluctant to cover /1 
How can anyone even consider doing this? This administration is only interested in piling up $$$ and not the future of our world!
Too diplomatic. Pruitt harms Americans and the environment with an agenda dictated by the fossil fuel industry. He should go to jail
Obama let GE burn coal while taxing others out of business that's crony capitalism
Another record high in Tampa today. It should not be 93 degrees mid-October.
Fake news
When oil wells n OK start to implode from sunlight (Climate Change) wonder what explanation Scotty will spin
Impeach TRUMP! INVOKE 25th Amendment! The man is unfit to hold the office of the Presidency! His entire CABINET are CROOKS! CONGRESS ACT NOW
We all voted for the corrupt liars we like best in 2016. Respect the constitutional election. Trump won. We had to live w Obama 8 long yrs.
What about his excessive flying habits, on military planes? Can we get a refund? His oil co. can pay.
Another cheap shot at Obama’s regulations. Taking America back to the dark ages.
Keep fighting Senator Gillibrand! I know you will stand up for the people of NY!
She fights for NYC. Definitely not fighting for me in upstate.  Bitch is worthless.  Another Schumer lackey.
The globalist/socialist obama sold us out. Climate Change???  http://misblitz1.wordpress.com/2017/06/10/cli …
Isn’t there any congressional oversight on this disastrous decision?  Hopefully, environmental organizations will jump on this w/both feet.
Do you mean the Scamitoligists
No,actual educated scientists who have been tracking climate for decades with data that goes back 100’s of years unlike conspiracy theorists
Earth began as a ball of Lava. Ever since the climate has improved and will continue to do so
Enormous amts of water vapor are even far more effective in producing more water vapor than paltry amts of CO2. They won't tell you that.
1st it was global cooling then it was global warming now it's climate change what lie will al gore think of next to enrich himself
News flash senator the sun is 1.3 million x's bigger than earth the sun drives climate not c02 which plants breath
your money doesnt matter when you can't breathe...
More hurricanes & tornados of greater size, more flooding, more fires, which will bankrupt our country
THIS IS INSANE
And backwards we continue to go.  How in God's name is allowing pollution making America great?
Yeah, let's ban water vapor, the #1 greenhouse gas...way more potent than CO2.
We are not leaders in climate change(except to create more than our share of the problem). There was hope we would be leaders
That is your opinion which doesn’t make it right. Costs have to be included in these decisions. We borrow to fund govt operating costs now.
You and your fellow crony Dems silence about Harry Weinstein Sexual Attacks against Innocent Women isn't! I have three of your staff members
The Loser will be the United States and Global Community. Ashamed of Trump's archaic thinking.
What can we do about it and is there any action in the Senate to fight this?
Ugh
Insanity.
I fail to understand the short sightedness of this administration.
Because he cares only about himself?
How do we stop these mistakes? This will not save the coal industry, nor change the lack of global demand or the price of natural gas.
and you let us breathe this . Not voting for someone who forgets the voters
C C by Scamitoligists  needing grants to keep from working at Starbucks
After punching enough holes in Oklahoma to start earthquakes he's moving on to the ozone layer - just an abomination
Why can you guys do something other than trying to destroy the former President archievement!
Lol it’s really getting oldso disappointed that you were elected to work for us just really very sad
@realDonaldTrump ruling his environmental pollution agenyn with an iron fist 
#EPA @potus #fail
Not really - anything to get rid of some of the EPA rules is good for America.
New York must lead the way!!
Clearly Trump plans to rescind anything the Obama administration accomplished even if it’s beneficial to Americans. Appears vindictive.
As it burns it grows. The man made global warming myth has been debunked repeatedly. If it were real why would the data get need to be alter
A great place to educate yourself on this is The Politically Incorrect Guide to Global warming. The Sun is getting hotter folks.
We cannot now, nor have we ever, been able to control climate.  02 theories contend the steam makes the water boil rather than the fire.
Republican Senate and House. Ladies and Gentlemen on the floor. We have read on history books throughout mankinds evolutionary ..
Indusrial age. Today at this moment. We here are history. The timeline has changed. Send this to the president know. Because, time ..
Technological achievement has reinvented our way of harnessing energy. Coal. Will still be needed to achieve its accomplishments. But, ..
People who have achieved evolutionary prosperity with BLOODLINE breath it without these regulations will become sick. The LAW stands ..
By the PEOPLE on that side of OUR nation has agreed to be. I am NOT new to CITY HALL.
I am REPUBLICAN. And, you mr president have disgracefully mocked .. LAW. These written articles are logged. NOT, to be altered. Improved ..
Yes. But, you decided to BELIEF it is ALL your business mind to "build" unnecessary goals. I am casting my name for U.S. SENATOR of ..
CALIFORNIA. I know how it feels like to be people. We all live on this planet. And. Speaking about it. WAR. That doesn't look like a real
Climate change is all about government control. This earth was here before man and will be after we are gone. God is the creator not man.
Apparently these jackasses do not care about the environment or their own families.
One d..b decides and other follow. O
Truly back to FUTURE.
Only because it has #Obama attached to it! Trump does nothing except rescind Obama programs & claims he’s done more than any a President
Let's develop cars and trucks with steam engines, shut down Tesla, Ford. Boeing and others, (Trump will use though).
Will this devastation ever end? #trumpagenda=#undoobamalegacy
When we can no longer breath fresh air nor when trump ppl can no longer hunt and fish b c of polluted waters then it will change
Why do that anyway??!!  Coal is out and green is in!!
Another stupid statement from a divisive woman.
Under trump we have gone first to last. Laughing stock of the world, but killing r planet. Jerks trump, pence and Pruitt.  Stupid 1 and all.
These old farts have grandkids. Boy will they be embarrassed by their grandpas behavior. Hope they get the chance to call them jerks to face
Is it legal for him to recieve a government salary when he's  employed by Koch Industries?
Shameful!
Seriously someone needs to stop Trump
He is a terrible president.
They're just determined to kill us and undo any good President Obama ever did.  It's all politicial!!  
Another Obama Job Killer goes by wayside. #globalwarming unstated goal is punish Capitalism . Good Job Mr President!
Clean energy is better for job creation and all creation. Get the facts!
Senator-thanks for standing up to Pruitt and his Environmental Persecution Agency
Thank god...you already have driven business out of NYS and subjected us to the highest taxes in the nation.  Go work for the Sierra club
What a bunch of di n g dongs! Giving the finger to the poison we live in! Who r these idiots that think this is ok? Geeze
2017 Green Capital of Europe=Zollverein Coal Mine Shaft 12. Essen. Mined 240 mill tons coal. Now cultural museum/amusement park. Clean Coal
@epa @EPAScottPruitt “Yes, get excited, miners, back to the dark, grimy mines 4 U, where lingering death frm black lung is all but assured!”
Hope that people get out and vote in 2018 and 2020 to turn the tide!
They had there chance in 2016 and they resondingly gave the big finger to Clinton and the Democratic legislature
Hooray! Back to common sense.
Just fixing what obama broke
As you refuse to condemn BDS,your judgement is suspect.
#NewElection
Bullshit! None of your green sustainable energy crap can survive without gov. subsidies. We're the only ones expected to sacrifice. Bullshit
Scott Pruitt is another YES man for the Trump agenda....
This MUST be stopped
So stupid and shortsighted.
Stupid reckless homicidal civilization destroying.
Thank god, or should I say Trump, it is about time we get the EPA off the back of business, make America great again
Pruitt has his own agenda and should be investigated. He’s destroying our country. Entire cabinet is corrupt!
@POTUS whole presidency is predicated on dismantling everything he put forward to help make this world better.
#erasingobama
Then do something about it.
Kirsten when ur in charge u can change it back. Until then HUSH UP
What happened with Obamas big Solyndra loss?
Utterly insane.
Suck it up buttercup
A worst decision was when New Yorkers elected an air head lib for their Senator get the picture your brain is in climate change
Consequences #PuertoRico 
Ser that up there on the left? NO SERVICE... we need #POTUS help @ricardorossello to make #PuertoRico great again! It's your land also!
See*
Boohoo.
#RenewJonesActWaiver
Disappointed
Let others lead.
Bravo, finally, common sense legislation 
WTH is up with these people and how come you can't stop them!

It’s a Hoax!
What's with these morons?  It's 75 degrees in Central Park on 10/8.  Not to mention the hurricanes, etc.  What are they smoking?
Absolutely terrible
You LIBERALS are all the same. Cry, moan, obstruct all in the name of satanic globalism
I wish I knew why this people think trashing the earth is in the best interest of sustaining a quality of life for future generations.
There is just no peace with this illegitimate admin
This administration is exhausting with all their stupid behavior. How many ways to destroy the planet, international relations, world peace
Another move to reclaim our country’s leadership on global climate change. An excellent decision.
Lol lol lol lol Kirsten gets funnier with every tweet
There's a defect of character in Pruitt and his kind. Seems an alignment with fake religious zealotry about end times and FRC ideology!
it's a done deal.learn to live with it.USA will continue to improve our emission output.just not paying for the rest of the world.
you left wing nuts r starting to sound like a broken record.blah blah hate Trump blah blah hate Trump.do something worthwhile,if possible.
While Cali burns
God forbid we have people supporting their families off of a living on coal. What is this country coming to. #MAGA
I hate these actions.
Meanwhile Microsoft announced it'll get power from an Irish wind farm. We're sacrificing economic competitiveness for conservative ideology.
Wind farms don’t sustain themselves economically. Hence there is no competition.
Speaking of #Russianbots, here's one I invite everyone to #Block. @hillarysslut @SenGillibrand
All those potential jobs in the Koch toilet.
#hottestmember #weinsteinswomen
#Resist
