this empty rhetoric is not going to cut it. I don't want to hear "i'll do everything in my power". SHOW ME! Produce results. STOP THIS BILL
How do you propose Democrats do that exactly?
#obstruct #AHCA. Submit and support #singlepayer bill. Take time to talk to gop senators and persuade to do what's right
that is the single most naive thing i have heard. this bill is being passed as budget reconciliation. try to figure how that works.
I elected & pay for politicans to address find solutions w/ & act. Not so I can do their job for them or listen to platitudes w/ no action
Lol ok
Clarify, in English, if you can.

you are very smart
Tell us about how great your Obamacare coverage was.

Oh wait...
You are woman, hear you shriek!
Do not reauthorize 702 of the Patriot Act. Stop the illegal surveillance of US citizens. Stop the Deep States illegal  blackmail campaign
So you're going to help US keep our Doc & Plan again - NOT falling for it again
BEAUTY SCHEME...BAITING ME IN...NOT BITING...I LEAVE IT TO THE AMERICAN LEADERS TO SOLVE THEIR DIFFRENCES & COME TO A SOLUTION.
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr & @GOP will cause more American suffering & deaths than any terror group #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Reagan  STAR WARS.1 TRILLION  Dollars  
Make America  Rich Again
I stopped listening after you called Obamacare "Affordable healthcare".
IT'S NOT AFFORDABLE!
It's dying before our eyes!
Head in the sand!
pandering for votes again?
I get to choose my insurance plan and Dr. Not you or anyone. @CoryBooker @SenGillibrand #MAGA
24Million-Just like US ONLY Major Country NOT in Paris Agreement. Leaders who kill own people will NOT be leaders long
Keep resisting and don't give up
Come to compromise to help the people. Not resist please don't give your bias opinion. Go away
OH NO!!
WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!!!
Get out of health care altogether, government. THAT will solve all the problems YOU HAVE caused.... ("you" being government...)
Obamacare harmed people. Did you do anything to fight against it?
Suggestion until u hit the gym might want to cover up the arms just saying and step into the 
U a liar, tried to cover up for Schumer,u can not be trusted...Schumer calls flight attendant  'bitch'
Thank you for representing NY in this fight against an evil regime.
Respect this is not a regime it's talk like this that has our country like this  we all need healthcare come together
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!
Repeal ObamaCare and push for market based reform. No socialist 1 payer system. You'll get our help with that lady nothing else

Where've you been since 2010? It has harmed Millions, penalized Millions, stolen from taxpayers who lost their Docs, plans & savings.
So why u and Chuckie calling people bitches for doing their jobs..
you're a so disconnected from the real world in terms of this healthcare bill. Do you actually listen to your constituents?
Fake NONSENSE!!
Please tweet your support for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll

How about you be honest and tell us how much single payer cost I know I did the research NY taxes will almost triple
How does it feel not to be worry about paying the bills or get killed in the subway?
Hahaaaa
Don't you want to drop some F bombs? Start working with the President . Your constitutes are watching
Good and next election you can say goodby because you will loose
Your parties' obstructionist waves are hurting people. Make it stop.
http://www.salon.com/2017/06/30/kirsten-gillibrand-becomes-latest-democrat-to-come-out-in-favor-of-single-payer-health-care/#.WVe5HUvbrak.facebook …
We will be vocal
@FoxNews Here is Sen gillibrand telling people who aren't CONSTITUENTS to call sens for a no vote on the HC bill!!@ericbolling @seanhannity
Keep up the fight!
As a male I'm wondering why you 2 think I need maternity care in my plan?  I don't think I'll ever use it.
Please don't call this a health care bill, Senator. #notmedicalcare #nothealthcare #nothealth
What are you doing to fix the ACA?
The Dems made this mess.It's now on you to help fix it.So, instead of obstructing,step up and do the work to solve it.
You democrats are screaming in the closet.
And this time Dems are telling the truth about your HC. Just like they did in 2009. #RepealAndReplace
Don't waste your breath
Hum funny, I can't afford Ocare. Single person $700 prem & $5,600 deductible. Then fined b/c I can't afford it. Really? Great plan?.
We appreciate your work.
@CoryBooker  keep Obamacare guys...can you get more money from fanny and freddie...I want your plan...
Thank you, Senator!  Keep fighting the good fight!
@CoryBooker My  @SenBillNelson is doing the right thing. I applaud his voice in this fight.
@CoryBooker My @senmarcorubio feel that if have insurance through work- this bill won't hurt you- can you please school him?
MOM ABT TO ENTER NURSNG HOME, PRE EXISTING, HERO FIREMAN w/ #24SURGERIES #NLINDUSTRIES #ALBANYNYsDIRTYSECRET #NOTORT #NOSTUDIES WE NEED YOU!
I am with you Senator Gillibrand and Senator Booker!
Stand for Single Payer
NO.

Thank you!!!

Ohhhh put a sock in it, for $5 will you just shut up...you Republican..
You should have Supported Bernie instead of Wall Streets sell out
I can continue! Is is BAD!
I have OC and I had to change my meds that it doesnt cover. It changes from yr to yr.and price goes up. 35 miles to the pharmacy that accept

Ignorance! Scare tactic extraordinaire!
No thanks, I don't help those who help lazy people stay lazy.
please quit  wasting space on Twitter  with your bs
Not until our government stuck their nose in something that didn't belong in please quit ruling and ruining #America let @POTUS #MAGA
Looks like NY needs new representation.
You do "need "help
The first part of any Health regulations should be a requirement for anyone who touches the bill, their family and staff, to follow it.
Not gonna lie, yeah she's super smart and competent, but .....I wanna holla at Kirsten. Lookin' qualified to be satisfied!
That's a bunch of bullshit and you know it!  Trump won. Get over it. #WeThePeople have spoken.
Please fight for universal healthcare for all Please
Can you talk about how Obamacare has ruined ppl they couldn't get care because they couldn't afford the premiums - call a spade a spade 
When will the elite in Congress stop laying heavy burdens on working Americans?
You all exempt yourselves from the failure that is O'Care.
Kirsten,you should know that reform is necessary for working Americans to afford insurance AND the costs of healthcare. O'care hurts workers
#GillibrandSUCKS a waste to NY a waste of a human life Jill is doing NOTHING !Doesnt even have a comment line, POS B- slap up her #phonyBTCH
I wonder if Dems will ever do anything beyond "fighting against" and "resist" like hmm.. creating an actual platform and message? 2020 Trump
Another pathetic attempt to obstruct our countries progress! Shame on you Sen Gillibrand.  Your party has no message other to resist!
Please pass Kate's law
OMG WERE ALL GONNA DIE!
Wrong
Yes, Obamacare is harming people. I'm one of them!
I do not support communism or socialism, lived it, it is he'll on earth. You Dems only care about yourselves.
u r right. heartless

You mean how u & all the corporate sell outs are quiet about DEMOCRATS KILLING SINGLE PAYER in California. #FakeResistance #DeadParty https://twitter.com/dwstweets/status/879808569310416897 …
600,000 workers file for bankruptcy due to medical debt each year. The corporate healthcare system needs to go.
Follow the money. Planned Parenthood wouldn't be needed if we had #MedicareForAll


Dems killed #singlepayer in Cali


#MedicareForAll #HR676 #SinglePayer No more baby steps
ARIZONA LATINO'S BACK YOU KIRSTEN ! 
You're a left loser just like the rest
I'm with you...you're with us.
If you keep losing elections there's no help or hope for you
How about Kate's Law Gilly oppose that too.  We're watching

I can't afford ACA. Why are you not working to fix it?
you fail to acknowledge that the Obama ACA is poorly constructed, imploding and unraveling, with unsustainable personal and business costs
Liar
Support #singlepayer #medicareforall
Thank you!
Why didn't you add anything to the bill?  Plus you haven't co-sponsored any legislation with Republicans!  Politics as usual!
Are you going to stop eating doughnuts because I don't want to pay for your diabetes medication
Senator Gillibrand, look at the # of angry faces on your survey posts. We are tired of one question survey posts.
Totally agree. Will you and @chuckschumer hold a town hall or rally over the break to give us space to show NYers' opposition to the bill?
Sen Gillibrand: when America military veterans were dying under the VA healthcare system, you didn't fight to improve healthcare for them.
@JessieJaneDuff we should ask all democrat hacks the same question
Maybe the GOP can hire Gruber Obamacare. Because lack of transparency and the Stupidity of the Voters worked so well for Democrats. MNYSGA
Action @SenGillibrand,we need action from u, not a charming discourse.  We can call until we r blue in the face, often we can't get through
You go! Thanks for speaking out!
Some Dems are saying, "Let's improve this bill." I say  "NO". That was the plan!
Thank you for fighting #HealthcareNotWealthcare!  CBO score is devastating.  Dems must work across aisle for American people's rights.

What you don't see in @farhip @washingtonpost #FakeNews article is @VanJones68 is clearly on the political side.

…
I support your in your fight of this bill 100!  It's "deathcare" not healthcare.
Just so you know, ObamaCare hurt more people than it helped. Govt run healthcare is just WRONG. Bureaucracy itself is a killer!
Please run for president!
All Dem Senators PLEASE gather during the July recess.Tell USA how @DNC will fix #ACA. 8 point plan. Go!Dems:Be Part of Solution Revolution.
GOP are Americas Enemy
I like this politician.  She gets it.
Why are Dems not being more verbal about how the instability caused by the GOP has contributed to ins. cos. pulling out of exchanges?
You supported the ACA that hurt family  stop with the Dem marching orders and talking points!
You know what else harms people?  ISIS.  Yet you want to import them to our shores.  We need YOUR help.  You just need professional help
Where were you when the current health care was put in place that's harming people?
and WE need YOU and all Dems to stop whining and stand up for #SinglePayer healthcare system that FDR tried to implement. #SinglePayerNow
Only good for people that get it free
Instead of fighting against it why don't you help make it better. This is why dems keep losing.
How about you? Finally Senator Kirsten Gillibrand you checked my latest views. This is not small pass mistake but GOP their one of own goal
Please, please fight the new healthcare bill. It will affect EVERYONE in America in the worst ways possible. Please..
I've been on Obamacare. It's horrible. + insurers r leaving. What don't u understand about that? Imploding!
You like being a member of the abortion party?
You say this like ObamaCare isn't hurting people. ObamaCare has FAILED! Throw everything away and start over.
Just wanted to send you... !
Good Morning.
R u ready to resist by procedure & filibuster by amendment? #GOP wld have shut the gov down by now.
The new heath care bill will harm veterans and their families who receive Medicaid, too. Please share:
Thank you .@SenGillibrand for fighting for us!  #proudtobeademocrat
Do you realize that most of the people that support you are fake accounts. You are done in NY. We will vote you out.
You first. 

Shut the Senate down. Now. 

And no, re: your emails, I don't have any money to give you.
I'm a Californian. My senators are good.  Been trying to reach out to others across the aisle.
Medicaid $ in state hands. States set up rules Pre Existing conditions covered. No change in nursing homes. No tax if not enrolled.
It's hard to take u serious senator. U have done nothing to fix ACA in the past 8 yrs. now all you do is send out scary tweets about AHCA.
Experienced disabled physician with the desire and knowledge to help craft ACA plan that is much better and more affordable!
Physician since 1979; worked before and after managed care and now experience in what it is like to be a person with chronic health issues.
Today, Federal Medicaid spending is  $389 billion. Under GOP reforms,it will increase to about $500 billion in 2027.
So glad you are my Senator!
Please do, thank you
So, please give us ideas for a formal for amendments we can shoot your way via Indivisible...
That video is inaccessible to d/Deaf people and a lot of others. Can you make a version #WithCaptions?
This thread on impact of the bill:
In Portland, ME a 60-year old with middle income will pay $9,290 more ( 208%). Premiums will be 31% of income.
http://www.kff.org/interactive/premiums-and-tax-credits-under-the-affordable-care-act-vs-the-senate-better-care-reconciliation-act-interactive-maps/ … 
Thank you @SenGillibrand proud to be a New Yorker and have you fighting for us!
Keep up the great work!
We need you to make healthcare affordable I can't get it for free. Worked worked all my life. Fix it please. I want to retire at 62.
I live in Texas. I call Cruz & Cornyn DC & local offices daily leaving messages & sometimes getting thru to aides. They really don't care.
Thank you for speaking up. This affects people in every corner of the country. You are a hero every time you pick up that phone. #realnews
