@DEALMEEIN2017 Literally everything about the Republicans is disturbing.
They are fixing what you failed to for the last seven years
It's more than disturbing. It's an outrage.
I'm sure your politely expressed mild objection will get the Republican caucus to rethink their strategy.
#TRUMP #GOP screwing  POOREST #AMERICANS completely from #BASICHEALTHCARE everybody LOSES what shocking NOT WORD from #HOSPITALS #DOCTORS
WHAT a UN #GOD LY WAY make a BUCK OFF someone #TERMINALCANCER for PROFIT HEALTHCARE is as EVIL as #GOP #TRUMP #PUTIN  #KIMJONGun combined
But O care-we have to pass it to know what's in it, in the middle of the night was transparent? U ignorant twit!
Yeah cause Obamacare was so great and transparent it was executive order after another an didn't pelosi say we have to pass it to c whatinit
Do you not remember "To see what's in it , you have to pass it" Nancy Polish! Dems. Have very short memories! Don't tear down my country!!!
What steps are you taking to address the lack of transparency?
Just like you dems did to us with Obama care look how well that worked out got more faith in gob than you ny dems 2018 coming soon bye bye
The obamacare was signed in the middle of the night you dolt @SenGillibrand 
You guys can't talk about transparency, remember Iran's deal , Clinton's servers plus Benghazi, fast furious, IRS and Comey?
Whats disturbing is Democrats proclaiming their way or they wont help. You offered no chance for negotiations. We see we can not trust DEMS.
this isn't 'disturbing'. this is a violation of the oath of office to uphold the Constitution. @SenateGOP fyi, no state supports this bill.
What a joke! There was no transparency when the Dems passed ACA. This is all politics and proves once again that u don't really care abt us
But you were just fine when the Dems pulled the we have to pass the bill to see what is in it? More political crap from a politician.
more like horrendously cruel and greedy. #ShowUsTheBill
You weren't around were you for the Secret, only Democratic seen and supported Obamacare. My insurance tripled.
Lives are being sacrificed so the wealthy can have tax cuts.  It's more than disturbing.  It's psychotic.
It's WAY more than just disturbing! WTactualF, how is this even legal?
If Dems declare u will not help with Repeal & Replace, then why bother discussing it? U declare ppl will be hurt, yet say u haven't seen it?
They are going to screw Americans royally while they hide behind the smoke from Russia investigation. We need to wake up and see the truth
How does it feel it was just the opposite in 2010 only Barry told biggest lie! That you can keep your Dr & healthplan u can keep & $2500 les
No more taxpayer funded subsidies. Focus on reducing premiums.
Heartless!  Please kept fighting for our most vulnerable,  @SenGillibrand
Hi Kristen. I support you.
Please VOTE YES for any bill that resembles HR 676. I knw you're in the Sen but we nd SINGL PAYOR
Why not work together instead of always against?? So disappointed in you.
really?
What's disturbing is your defense of PP and abortion!  You're disgraceful!
"Lack of transparency" is too nice.  What they are doing is subterfuge!
Disturbing?  That's understated!  My question is how can this be done behind closed doors?  Are there no rules regarding such matters?
It's criminal.
And yet they are getting away with it? Is THIS what Democracy looks like???
funny how you all talk about lack of transparency when Nancy Pelosi is famous for saying you have to pass the bill to read it! hypocrits
VERY Disturbing 
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for us.
Thank you for standing up!
Ur Delphi retiree constituents have been fighting in Fed court for 7+ yrs against ur teams lack of transparency. Care to reply?
Fight them on the beaches, on the landing grounds, in the fields and in the streets. Fight in the hills. Never surrender.
#HoldTheFloor
Reminder not a healthcare bill it's a health insurance bill. All about politics and government control of our money
@SenGillibrand  time for stronger words than disturbing. Try 's 'abhorrent' maybe, even 'heinous' could work.
Funny you didn't feel the same way when you jammed Obamacare crap down our throats
would b especially immoral to take organs from poor ppl. Can you imagine the potential abuse and potential for lack of good care
It is -   I just hope they removed any language that was uncertain about organ donation being forced on the recipients of the insurance
More than disturbing. It's criminal. Millions will suffer.
Really??? Because the DEMS were soooo open about OBAMACARE!  @NancyPelosi said gotta pass it to see what's in it?? You #hypocrits @FoxNews
Disturbing?  No, absolutely disgusting.
. Yep, I guess you're correct, they should just put it out there to vote on and not allow any time to read it.  Perhaps they will.
50/50
we need 50/50 representation in office for United States Government. 50% women, & 50% men.
we can deal with balance better then.
Ma'am the democrats were the same .. I should say worse but .. u get the point !
Repubs are hiding #AHCA b/c it won't just be cruel—it'll be the worst-crafted law you ever saw.
They had 6yrs to do this.
Thr mean AND inept
Disturbing and anti-democratic
That Republicans can get away with this behavior? We, the People, must know what's in that bill. Not later, but now
Disturbing, Senator? It's downright unconscionable. How is it possible
Give them hell, Senator. Obstruct their efforts to take away the healthcare of millions.
Please continue to fight against this #ShowUsTheBill
Replace "republicans" w/ "democrats" & this tweet wld be from March 2010. Yours was a MANDATE!  What difference at this point does it matter
Thank you! I'm proud to call you my Senator!
Well, we just lived through 8 years of lack of transparency and corruption and obstruction of justice
I agree but can we all see the hypocrisy when @NancyPelosi said about the ACA... "you need to pass it to see what's in it" 
And it wasn't disturbing when Nancy said you need to pass it see what's in it when confronted about Obama care? Really?You guy's are a joke
you have to pass it before you know what's in it. Where have we heard that before
This is not a healthcare plan, it's a tax cut.
At least they aren't telling us they have to pass it to see what's in it.
10804 here asking you to #HoldTheFloor on this. Your constituents are with you, please fight for us. Healthcare affects too many of us.
As with all liberals,u r complaining about the GOP.Where is ur suggestion or contribution?As usual,empty,meaningless words.No shock.
It's a whole lot more than disturbing! Their blatant disregard for the less fortunate is appalling and borders on criminal! 
Thank you for working so hard to keep us informed on  healthcare and the Republican's plan to pass anything for sake of campaign promises
What was that line from Nancy Pelosi?  "We have to pass it so you can see what's in it".  Your hypocrisy is winning the race to the bottom
Swear at them, Kris. Go ahead, swear. It was so badass. It doesn't do shit but what the fuck, ya know I mean fuck it right? Really, fuck it!
Disturbing?  It's criminal!
Perhaps, but pause for a moment to consider the elephantine hypocrisy of the Dems. "Read the bill to find out what's in it".
The Dem's should start referring to the GOP bill as "WEALTH CARE" instead of Health Care!!
Shred this bill. Do what is within your rights to delay, block, and get this disaster exposed for the rich tax break, DumpCare, $> GOP lie
I'D CALL IT TREASON...then again, the Dems never cared enough to save our country from treason before, so go ahead, complain.
Disturbing does not begin to describe this
As a RN, patients are fearful. So much is at stake for them and for everyone.
American deserve affordable comprehensive healthcare without obstruction ever again.
So is lack of action from the Senate Democrats. You need to do more than speak all night on the Senator floor. Where's your strategy?
2020
you have to pass it before you can read it!
Filibuster by amendment
#HoldTheFloor Thanks for fighting for us.
Disturbing! It is outrageous!!
I agree. Disturbing and powerfully unethical too. #Resist
Obamacare is a sham-lied to by the president then passed. Instead making it right you turn it into a battle. Disgusting
But you were all for lack of transparency with Obamacare NO ONE knew what was in it. You can see what's in it after it passes hypocrite
So maybe it covers everyone. Remember what happens when you assume
You are disturbed.  The investigation of your college incidents will. E revealing.
Their bill is gonna suck bigly!
My question is, why isn't it criminal? How can our system of government even allow what the @SenateMajLdr is doing? How do we challenge it?
the lack of transparency is criminal.
I think you guys need a stronger tone. Disturbing is not cutting it.
stronger like #HuntRepublicans or more like #AlexandriaShootings
You mean like Obama and his transparency. Both parties are playing games and we're the kick-ball! Do your jobs and work together!
"Transparency" I'm still trying to see thru all the lies that the Dems fed us on Obamacare back in 2009. No transparency!
It's way beyond disturbing.It's immoral &un-Christian.Doesn't GOP believe in"Do unto others as you would have them do unto you?" Hypocrites
Like the lack of transparency for Obama care..but that was ok
The disgusting hateful violence promoting left, they are not human
Thank you, & all the other Democrats. Your efforts to #HoldTheFloor , get the GOP to #ShowUsTheBill & fight 4 our healthcare is appreciated!
It's not disturbing. It's a f*ckin crisis where our government is on the verge of disintegration.
What's more disturbing is the increasing costs of the NOT #ACA
"You have to pass the Bill to see what is in the Bill" The Democratic Speaker
No offense, but what those men are doing with health care behind closed doors is REPREHENSIBLE. They should ALL be voted out. DISRESPECTFUL
What's also disturbing are my premiums going up 47%
McConnell no better than a criminal. When he goes back to Kentucky, alert the Vice Squads.
#HoldTheFloor #NoOnACHA
Nancy Pelosi on Obamacare before the vote for it. "If you want to see what's in the bill, vote for it". There's your democrat transparency
 go away, buddy
One sound bite from Pelosi in 2009 when brain deads like you refused to do your due diligence. The ACA had over 100 republican amendments.
Suggest you become part of the solution then. O care was unfair to large part of the working class. Where's the concern for them?
We passed "disturbing" eons ago. It's CRIMINAL. They will be murderers if the bill is passed. #ShowUsTheBill
Since the GOP has abandoned regular order, please use "filibuster by amendment" during vote-a-rama. 2-3,000 will get us to the July recess.
EVRYDY MIDDLE CLASS & POOR LOSE HOMES, SAVINGS & INHERITANCE TO LONGTERM NURSING FACILITIES OWNED BY SUPERRICH HEALTHCARE CORPS #SINGLEPAYER
Phony, foul mouth Kirsten I can't recall you complaining about the lack of transparency during the Obamacare roll out
Apathy, ms Gillibrand, so unerving
Not just disturbing, outrageously despicable.
It sounds like @SenGillibrand is starting 2 feel guilty about defending the disastrous #Obamacare that is in a death spiral-& '18 rates soon
So you win either way.  "MEAN"
Insurance companies have no idea what's to happen so r nervous. Amend Obamacare and move on!
@PamForrest1 I would use the word #disgraceful. #Americans should have a say in our #Healthcare. GOP hiding = 
Replace Democrats for Republicans and you could be talking about the original ACA legislation. How quickly we forget. 
Why should we believe you? You lie!
So what is the plan? Maybe show cohesive plan that addresses the current issues, get the ins Cos On board and then go public blitz Use media
How about unacceptable, and we will do everything in our power to rectify ?
That's just one of many disturbing things from the GOP and our current administration. #GOPDeathCare #HandsOffHealthcare
Disturbing is not nearly a strong enough word to describe the cruel travesty going on in the Senate
It's treasonous racketeering, not disturbing.
Stay the course! Thank you.
It's un American.
Thanks, @SenGillibrand It's more than disturbing!  It's heinous, villainous, and unAmerican.  #ShowUsTheBill  Time to dump McConnell & Trump
Amoral and unconscionable.
@GOP only cares about my net for their rich corporate cronies and sponsors. Up to 15 years ago they were civil about it but ridiculous now
It's not disturbing, it's an outrageous attack on the well being of millions of Americans to bring massive tax breaks to a few.
After they vote, they will then claim that the tax breaks for the Uber rich will 'trickle down' to us via jobs & wages ... sound familiar?
Time for words & outrage is gone. Mayb its time for the Dems to call on Americans to join them for a march on DC #TheResistance #Indivisible
Scary? More like damn scary.
Fight with everything you have
they do not care about the average American, no respect , our Rep John Faso proves it
Disturbing though not surprising
You're probably right. Of course, you had to pass the ACA before ANYONE could see what was in it. Did YOU actually read it??
"Disturbing" is too mild a description. It's a moral and political outrage.
To say the least.  Please keep fighting for those who cannot fight for themselves.  Thanks.
And they are the ones who ranted and raved about non-existent death panels under ACA. Astounding hypocrisy.
I find everything they do disturbing
Senator , some more f bombs are needed !
To say the least.
How can they get away with this?  Go knock on the door and don't stop until they come out
Hypocritical at best coming from you - remember this about ObamaCare?
It sounds like "you have to pass it to know what's in it".
Par for the course lately.
Thank you for your fight.
It's so much more than disturbing. It's downright outrageous!
Please don't stop. Do everything in your power. I'm chronically ill and know the suffering #AHCA will bring is real @SenateDems @SenSchumer
Your measured reactions are appreciated.  Cooler heads and all...thank you.
It's fucking disturbing.
Disturbing????  It's criminal!
Your right all involved in the secret passing of Obamacare belong in jail
#Twenty20:
#REPUBLICANS: 
We can hope.
