The Senate is careening toward voting for the worst bill for women’s health in a generation. Speak out.
I can't believe @SenatorCollins is going to support this bill. Horrible. Vote blue in Maine.
Y do men think we need their help w/decisions re our bodies? & when will GOP stop targeting PP, which uses no fed $ 4 abortions?
Repeal Obamacare now. IT is the worst bill ever. ANYTHING sill be better
At least 32 million Americans losing health insurance is better?
Ending Medicaid is better?
Losing essential benefits coverage is better?
Per-capita block grants are better than funding based on need?
Annual and lifetime caps on coverage are better?
How many more times and trillions of dollars will the GOP waste on this?  When is it time to admit that our government is dysfunctional?
They only have until Sep 30th to pass a bill under reconciliation.
That's for this year right?  If they fail again, will it be much of the same next year?
No, reconciliation is only until the end of this fiscal year, Sep 30. After that they won't be able to pass with a simple majority.
Thanks for the explanation
My kids & I have pre-existing conditions & depend on #ACA Pls #ProtectOurCare Don't throw us under the #GrahamCassidyBill Bus. #KillTheBill

Sadly true!  When will Jason-the-R+R-bill finally stop rising from the dead to torment in a new low-budget sequel?
This is their last chance to pass a bill under reconciliation.
Oh I know.  I just fear the next sequel. This bad-idea zombie seems never to die for real, it just grows new heads.
The sequels are always worse.
Luckily they'll need more than a simple majority after this.
As a Stage IV patient I appreciate your advocacy and intelligence. Thank you for being our voice-stay strong!
@grimkat It is so obvious. The GOP is not pro-woman or pro-life.
Let me see,hmm you are not covered by the same health as we are,so shut up .i think they should take your healthcare away
Thank you for fighting and speaking out against repeal of Obamacare! The idea is a cruel travesty for all Americans, esp the most vulnerable
I know you have our backs @SenGillibrand and you are much appreciated.  Loved you with @chelseahandler btw.
Do your damn job Congress and stop them.
'congress' IS the senate. or includes the senate, at least. congress is the problem here. WE are the ones who must stop them.
Dems in Congress too passive business as usual while GOP destroys the country. I am disgusted and fed up with inaction and requests to call.
Dems already destroyed the country GOP trying to get it back in shape
Gotta be kidding Robert! Explain with at least one fact. What health insurance do YOU have?
Senator, please demand that the president stop his reckless provocation of North Korea. You should be in front of a camera speaking out!
No that would be Obamacare! !!!
Men are terrified at thought of women Leading; therefore All hands on deck push Forward!
The bill takes us backwards. Please continue to work to pass bipartisan measures to stabilize the current health coverage marketplaces.
Who would've thought in this great Cntry, that we'd have to BEG our elected "leaders" to NOT pass Laws that would kill ~20,000
 Americans.
Please help Puerto Rico
It's really not cool to destroy heads of families. Why r u obsessed with destroying little girls dads?? #demsofftherails #nomorecommunism
At least you get to save some time on tweeting? ;)  Carry on, Kirsten!  We appreciate you!
Thank you for voting against the defense spending increase. You are truly a human patriot
Then How can U help get both sides to work on this affordable plan? It will never pass if it is not a bipartisan plan. Please help!!
Your favored way??
Senator, do right by New York and withdraw your cosponsorship from S236 #votedry
Rs think Ds HC spend unsustainable. Shouldn't Ds also focus talking pts on goal of long term US sustainability /& working class bottom line?
Senator please continue to vote no for trump death care! Thank you!
.@SenJohnMcCain All fifty Medicaid directors came out AGAINST this horrific bill! Vote NO!
URGENT: You wanted proper legislative procedure on the skinny repeal, demand it again
@SenJohnMcCain, vote no! 
Deja vu, the feeling that you've experienced something before. This bill needs its head cut off and its body burned so it doesn't come back
And we trust in God,right? The old white catholic boys who don't like to have Middle East refugees&give a shit about Americans health&good
Go away. Far away. Your tweets are stale, dim witted & pandering. Take Kamala Harris with you. Her tweets are no better.

#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
Without ACA, insurers could freely use @Facebook to microtarget healthy, borrowing redlining tactics from real-estate to skim the cream.
I cannot understand how any female Senator even a Rep can vote against half the population.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy

#Runouttheclock . Vote (((NO))) on #GrahamCassidyBill !!! #Medicaid #DisabilityRights #Autism #aspergers
@jameslankford doesn't care.
Do you have obamacare krissy
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
I'm a constituent, Senator Gillibrand! Fight for upstate New Yorkers! #noGrahamCassidy
If it affected men this wouldn't be happening
NY Voter and against new TrumpCare bill! #KillTheBill #trumpcareKILLS
U mean since women’s healthcare consisted of treatment for the vapors and hysteria?
Who listens?????
We need s BIPARTISAN sustainable h/c system,  not a one-term solution. @LindsayGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump Get it right!
Please vote against this bill too
This is the 2017 version of 1849 and the Compromise of 1850. The Healthcare version. History Repeats History Repeats @SenateDems
Then get someone other than Sanders on the debate on Monday with @CNN.
I hope you run in 2020! You have my vote!! 
Senator's voicemail boxes are filling up! Call alt number or FAX. Definitely FAX Murkowski - every one of her voicemailboxes is full!
Text RESIST to 50409 and they will send the fax for you! 
I love that word!
make sure to fight this cruel heartless bill, @SenGillibrand the ppl of NY are watching with healthy breath (so far)!
Sadly.
So effing true. It's exhausting.
@LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy agree on @ least 1 thing: their hatred of women. What say you @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
I have! I called the speaker as well!!!
Those stupid white women voted for Trump n GOP. Crazy
You're my senator and I'm so glad to know you're fighting to block this terrible bill. We need universal healthcare.
This is not a bill for the people!!! It is a bill just to sign a piece of paper and to stick it to people!! Time to impeach!!
Disgusting GOP selling out Americans once again! How can these people who clearly care only about $ and their own power ever b reelected?
Please tell @lisamurkowski that to vote for this and keep ACA in her state is sell out of lifetime.
What is wrong with @lisamurkowski that she would vote to let ppl die?
Kirsten, is this one of those votes where man child @VP @mike_pence gets to cast a tie breaker? That'd be great for him!
Republicans hate women..and they do everything in their power to keep hurting women
@danpfeiffer how little repugs think of women, mothers, grandmothers. Terrible!
Yes and hopefully it will pass.
I have. Luckily I have an awesome senator @timkaine Our rep is pretty heinous and dismissive however @RepGoodlatte
Same here. @SenGillibrand and @SenSchumer are great, @EliseStefanik pretends she's not made up her mind while she whips up vote for repeal.
Isn't it easier for u to talk to the Alaska senator than any of us? Tell her not sell everyone else out for an exemption in her own state.

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Speak out!

No ACA repeal!

DUMP Corrupt Profeteering Trump Pence Ryan McConnell all GOP Dem Reps sabotaging voting ACA repeal
There is no reason for this to be an evergreen tweet. That speaks volumes about the ill-placed priorities of the @GOP
Call your GOP senators and talk to them and help them understand why they need to #KillTheBill
@wadetheory mom
Tried to call in to oppose #GrahamCassidyDeathBill but your phone disconnects calls and sen schumer's line leads to a busy signal. My vote.
Thank you for all your hard work on this!!
Ok, I'll speak out.  Obamacare was signed into law in March 2010.   Hardly a generation ago.  Illegal, unconstitutional, fraudulent tax law.
You literally have no idea what you're talking about.
That already happened, it was the ACA. Sorry, it has #FAILED.
One day, twitter will just be a place of retweets.
Thank you for fighting for us!
I liked my plan, wanted to keep my plan, lost my plan AND had to pay penalty! You KNEW this #liar You have NO credibility on healthcare!
Of course it is worst for women.  Biggest misogynist Rick Santorum wrote the damn thing!!
It's like "The Walking Dead" for God's sake!!
You might as well pin the tweet, yeah...
Looks like A great bill to me!
Could you explain the bill to me, please?
How precious! You think your own quotes are gems.
...says a guy who already has guaranteed single-payer coverage until the day he dies.
After 30+ yrs svc & still going, it's been more than earned but I'll still be gracious & thank you for your contributions. You're worth it.
Thank you, and you're welcome. But also: not everyone is eligible to serve in the military. There have to be other ways to get health care.
I understand and agree. Peace and health to you and your family.
You're my Senator, and I like your position on this horrific bill. Will my call to another state's Senator matter? #healthcare
Does your office tire of constituent calls and faxes?   I've been calling & faxing & giving out # to my patients to call.
Same as it ever was.
or not....
But does it do any good calling Senators from other states?  Do they even care how non-constituents feel?  #GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyNO
Speak now or forever hold your peace!...scratch the last part, Speak now!  By reaching out to your Congress person. If not now, when!
Im a woman with a rare incurable autoimmune disease & I need ACA! I also hv 3 cancer survivors in my immediate family! We need 2 fight HARD!
U mean it actlly gts worse thn t "skinny repeal"? Arent they spposd 2 replace it with something BETTER? SMDH! #RepublicansPutPartyb4Country
Keep asking and no one answers.  How come Congress was exempt from Obamacare
Dem Sens need to work very very hard to convince Repubs to vote against the bill.
My mother's on medicare & medicaid. She just had her port removed after surviving triple negative breast cancer. I'm terrified of this bill.
She will need monitoring bc it's very possible her cancer could come back. If it does, she won't be able to afford treatment under trumpcare
Stay strong. God bless your mom.
Thank you, for your kind words ♡

What's your plan?  If this fails your leaving people without healthcare because Obamacare failed
Canadian citizens flock into USA to use our healthcare
You plan failed. Can't keep plan can't keep doctor didn't save $2500. Therefore what makes you an expert on good healthcare?
1.6m babies murdered annually in USA and she claims compassion for illegal immigrants
Unfortunately.  Forever vigilant!  Thank you for all you do as my Senator.

Do you mean that it might not be as easy to tear babies into pieces inside a woman's womb?
How many times do we all have to try to stamp this healthcare travesty down?
Please help Puerto Rico! Thank you!
I gave Cassidy's office an earful.
Which is a shame.
Really?  Do explain. You just toss these stupid unsupported comments out there. birth control isn't mandatory for men, nuns and geriatrics
Keep calling everyone!

So lucky to know that both my senators and my representative is fighting to stop this disastrous bill...but what can I do to help?
Honestly, I ask them this all the time and I haven't gotten a response yet. It's frustrating because I really would like to do something!
Same here.
Maybe they'll listen and get us working soon!
Well both of my selfish senators are voting for this abomination of a bill. Disgusting men - both of them.
Thousands are going to die it's racist the Russians hacked it that about covers Democratic Playbook
I forgot what the bills also going to cause climate change
Think of Mao with his army in WWII.  I see the excrement nearing the rotating air circulation device. May God have mercy on their souls.
With this cruelest bill ever, they are punishing women for daring to dream in 2016. This is revenge. They'll teach uppity women a lesson.
Yes. I did! I called KG. Call your Reps and Sens. Affordable Health Care for all!  #America #healthcare

You can't evergreen your own tweets, doffus.
that's your takeaway? Go back to the shallow end of the pool, kid.
Evergreen tweet; Zombie bill. Keep fighting, @SenGillibrand!!

Amen! Senator, could you also shed some light on your "Yea" vote for H.R. 2810, aka the $80 billion defense increase? That was surprising.
