You also do not need to use Democrat or any spelling of it.Independent Party or Other is still fine. You are still functioning at your pace.
Kirsten all you say is fight and raise your voice. You have no strategy and the proof is evident at the ballot box.
Please prioritize ending voter suppression and other methods of tampering with the voting process or it won't matter.
Oh yes please do, then no Dems will win any votes..
#GirlPower
And don't forget to vote at local elections.
Those local officials often end up in congress. That's how you make sure the people you want writing your laws actually do.
STOP resisting and do the JOB the voters send you to Washington to do.  Economy,  health care,  JOBS, JOBS JOBS.
Sign me up!!
Mika had to relieve herself clearly while covering those cold shoulders..and Kristen speaking to whom exactly?! No one. She's all about her.
Sit back Shut up watch the economy grow watch people go back to work and enjoy the Hell out of the ride.
Car manufacturers moving to china? Investments in fossil fuels. Where exactly will this get the economy?
You do the same. Sit back and enjoy.
That's not an answer to my question.
You do realize how much the Dems rigged last two major selections...alone..and Trump won!!  Too funny.
Non illigetime carborundum.  Latin for "Don't let the backyards get you down".
Bastards.  Damn autocorrect!
Admit that Sanders and his followers were wronged in the last election. Eliminate plurality take all elections. Institute runoffs
Where is the agenda you support ? Is it you don't have one so you just want to fight anything proposed by the the Republican. Work all USA.
we can't keep spending $20+M obscene amt of money Total $55M when people are starving in America!
Yeah and you forgot one thing...........and say curse words....you're on the wrong side
Blah, blah, blah. You have no message that's the problem. GA showed that spending money is not enough. We sent u 2 D.C. 2 work 4 us. Do it!
That's right promote anarchy, division and fights. Enjoy your one and only term.
Don't forget listening to Constituents that seems to be a weak point
The fact is that in a state as red as they come, a democrat came really close to winning
Keep up the fight
It takes time but USA will win
You need to fight the big lies. The US is a liberal democracy. Freedom of religion means the freedom from harassment.
I'm running for the lst time this year;Dem for City Council in Troy, NY...Thank you, @SenGillibrand  for leading the way! @ColeenParatore :)
Leading the way?! Too funny.
@votevets GET MILLENNIALS REGISTERED & VOTING IN 2018/2020!!!
Voting to continue to make America great again. End Liberal destruction of our country.
Did your actual husband Jerry pass away ? He had a triple by pass surgery for his heart. It was critical. He was writing his goodbye to you.
Bot  @TwitterSupport @TwitterMktg @jack PLEASE automate bot labelling and make "don't show bots" default. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Fight against DonaldTrump's intent to defund the census and redraw voting district maps so they are fair. Then you'll see success.
Why are we apologizing for doing extremely well in longtime red voting districts?
Hahahahahahaha...
What do democrats care about, illegals, criminals,  being obstructionist, everything but the American people.
That's right. Resist or ...whatever
medicaid is not insurance, it is tax payer funded care.
Yes, please don't change.
Yes!
Have half a million New York Dems move to Pennsylvania in the next 12 months.  Same for Florida...could have some Californians relocate, too
Have a message of change?
We need an agenda and a message. We are splintered. We need to fight voter suppression and gerrymandering as well.
As long as jobs, housing and stock market are growing, tax reforms and healthcare are there, Trump supporters will support him till death..
Agreed. Now what is the Democratic platform? How is platform being communicated? Dems organized? Asking as a registered Democratic.
It won't help if our elections aren't fair.
Do this in UK next GE
@SenGillibrand there is no victory without sacrifice. We must fight for our equality or we will not achieve it.#Valles2020#KeepItRealAmerica
Yeah Dems doing great so far. Keep spending those millions and losing.
That's one way to go about it. But the two party system is crumbling. Now's the time to run for office as an independent.
Thank you Senator Gillibrand. I am proud to be one of your constituents.  Please keep fighting for healthcare!
No dem candidate in Ga 08 since 2010. You don't even try! Enough talk. Let's see action!!!
Fuck yeah... #MAGA
Oh and #MAGA
"Fight back" is that a threat against the republicans? Implying they don't care?
Good I care deeply about Hillary's deleted emails, is that what you mean?
That seems to be working to perfection for you these days. 0-5.
You deliver the wrong message !
And get rid of citizens united
What will it matter if the GOP can rig voter turn out while working with Russia to hack voting systems? How can we trust our gov anymore?
Mika Boo and the accidental Senator. 2 non blonds
You sound SEXY when you cuss. Don't let me find out you have a dungeon in the basement. You just may have my interest. Hehehe
Sorry, the majority  of us don't want the kind of change your party is pushing
50 Shades of EvereTT - hehehe
Until Dems learn to fight as dirty as the GOP, elections will be a losing battle. When they sling mud, sling it back 10 times harder.
And most importantly find new leadership and deal with issues that affect the common person and forget transgendered washrooms
words like "fight" "battle" "obstruction" "resist" shouldnt be part of any political party. try "unite" "together" "join forces" "peace"
And drop plenty of "F bombs" to show how hip and woke you are.
Ya hear that, @DNC? No more "going high" against pathological wannabe oligarchs who want a one-party government.
Stop voter suppression in all its direct & indirect forms. Register new voters. GOT. Paper trail 4 all elections, physical & cyber security
Can the dems write a common sense HC Bill to help fix issues with ACA, make it public and let Americans choose?
Great idea. Lay out ACA's essential benefits & protections, add common sense improvements by Dems, & SHOW us *that* bill in plain English.
And: stop taking corporate PAC money. That'll help
Like u got a brain 
And fight GOP style! Don't go high, kick 'em in the political nards!
We must also unify the factions.  Sanders has nothing to gain from a split party.  Trump/GOP has everything to gain.
I have a better idea. Let's make lots more Dem babies and send them to Red state colleges.
Yeah that's been working real well for ya so far...lol.  Better get to raising A LOT more money, you just wasted another 45 Mil on a loser.
And shoot your opponents is all else fails
Lost 5 more seats! Can't wait for the 2018 slaughter of the dems in the midterms!
First we cannot let any Repub run unopposed anywhere for anything. Ga runoff proves we can compete in any race anywhere. 2 stay in center
Moderate ppl R getting tired of extremism on both sides. 3 work on voters rights + registration. Must get more ppl involved in the process
We need to secure our voting systems that are vulnerable to intrusion and hacking,also stop voter suppression,or fair elections are over
You democrats ruined HC with the ACA. Time to vote you ALL out so we can #MAGA 
#StopObstructing
Nope. GOP obstruction did that, like always, they hate the American public, but you guys still vote for them Bc guns and brown people 
Support your voters and stop dividing them! There not stupid, just not represented...
You've been hollering, whining & crying since  11/16. Still losing Bigly! Don't raise your voice. Get out of attack mode & bring new ideas
@realDonaldTrump means we're all experiencing a national tragedy that puts democracy at risk because @DNC abandoned the 50-state strategy.
Thought they could live like limousine liberals and no-one would call them out...sorry
@realDonaldTrump's grift and incompetence is lethal and @GOPSenate and @GOPHouse's cruelty don't help. GOP won't do well in 2018. Sorry.
5-0
Losing so much @GOP support in so little time in ruby red districts bodes poorly for the party's prospects in 2018.  And Ossoff was weak.
I get it tough loss, but that's what it was
Yup, but if you assume the wins are a catastrophe for Dems and everything's hunky dory for @realdonaldtrump + @GOP, that's wishful thinking.
I don't assume anything - I like facts
Bubble heads, absolute bubble heads
Your messiah has destroyed your party.
#clueless
Democrats simply do a horrible job of talking about things that the voters they are trying to reach care about - frustrating to watch.
Strong candidates and powerful message. Economy, jobs, terrorism, infrastructure. Everything else is noise.
It's funny you think all of your constituents are libs! Not funny ha ha; funny awww bless your heart.
Controlliing the media is prob their biggest failure considering the horrible, & unprofess rhetoric, poor choice of hosts/guests. Ugly stuff
Every state , every race ! Good candidates with a strong platform
I guess start lieing like #ClownTrump did let's promise free heathcare for everyone, no more taxs, @JoyAnnReid @maddow @Lawrence @ChrisCuomo
#hypocrite "If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. If you like your dr you can keep your dr. Etc."
You cant, Socialist message may work in NYC where you collect your campaign funds and in Hollywood but not in Kansas, Utah, West Virgina etc
The Democrats A worthless political institution which deserted its citizens in favor of growing the party with illegal immigrants & welfare.
If Dems were more moderate, they'd win more elections...
That and have a better attitude. All the do is attack.
How? So many people don't care about TRUTH.... they just want to listen to GOP lies..how do we fight the lies when they wont listen to TRUTH
What is your truth?  Unfair world? Reps want to kill seniors?  Reps want to hurt the poor?  Is that the truth you are spouting?
Fight voter suppression.
This is the change wanted by the majority, an inconvenient truth I'm aware:
And don't waste $30 M on an anodyne, center-right message. We are acting like we don't have confidence in the liberal values we represent.
And some how fit in the word "Fuck" every chance you get. Right Tina?
Here's an alternative strategy. Lower your voices and listen to what a majority of your constituents are trying to tell you they care about.
Shhh, hon, go lie down for a bit. You'll feel better.
creating a "False fight" will do the exact opposite of that
Spend millions. Lose. Repeat. 
Run effective ground campaigns.
Bingo
And join @DemSocialists
