I'll be calling for hearings in the Senate where Congress must demand accountability and transparency from this Administration.
You want Trump to announce his plans on TV? So the enemy can watch too? You know they have access, right? You're wanting to inform the enemy
Please tell us all what you know of any service especially military. We are waiting .
He's talking about making money off of their un-mined natural resources. Worth billions.
You so correct
You are Not on th armed forces committee so shut up
He's tapping their billion worth of unmined  minerals. Listen to his speech.  He sent one of his old white men over this week.
How else can we help afghanistan?
What's ambiguous about killing all the terrorist then leaving?
I think we can also comprehend no Nation building. Thought that was clear as well.
It's kinda like they don't understand "all" as in "...we condemn...racism, bigotry and hate on all sides."  It's that public education.  
Would love to hear a better solution...Trump agrees but his Generals tell him differently. R u saying the Generals don't know best?
Do u offer a better solution?
Where were you for 8 years under King Obama asking the same question?
You want him to give you & MSM the playbook on winning this war?  We are done telling our enemies our plans.  You're a Communist!
Keep up

The good

Work
Just use the same definition Obama did. What was it again?
Found it! The hashtag is really the icing on the cake
When you have generals running the white house,  all they know is war.
Amen
* she's says as if the last 8 years of unsanctioned war, incomprehensible strategies & goalless military actions under Obama never happened
And Trump's over-reliance on his generals is NOT good for our democracy. #ResignTrump
Actually the generals know better than the pussies in congress
Success looks like dead terrorists to me. You should back the @POTUS. He's giving the military what we've always wanted since we started.
What about the terrorists on Charlottesville?
People rioting should be arrested. It's against the law. On either side.
there's the one about peaceable assembly. I'm going to a peaceable  assembly on Wed.Women holding signs don't cause trouble.
What exactly do you know about military service @SenGillibrand ? You've never spent a day in uniform
For you to demean our military is a disservice to our country! #Resign
Based on your tl,it seems u r addressn the Sen. POTUS shld have a plan,he DOESN'T. The Sen is seeking solutions & preven of casualties.
Rise up on this you puke
Why are we sending so much money to that region!! That money could be spent on American health care
Yeah right and I have a bridge to sell you
Trump has no idea what he is doing.
Yep.
Finally our president made a thoughtful speech. Not sharing our strategy with enemy is correct approach. Say something positive when merited
Its because he doesn't have a plan.Its a diversion away from Russiagate
You are another anti trump jerkoff heard from
Agreed.
Follow Victor Marx you'll get the real story as to the real problem there. Don't fly by reg media they're shit.
Well they got weed .... isn't good enough?
So you're saying Obama has done a great disservice to our troops' many sacrifices in Afghanistan. I totally agree, thanks for your honesty
Would you like him to do it Obama style, lay out the battle plan for the enemy to review and counter resulting in more American deaths?
Yawn...
What was a disservice is Obama restricting them from protecting themselves and doing their jobs to begin with.
Go pound rock salt
Ok. Some plan.
That guy couldn't define "success" in Atlantic City. I think Afghanistan is just a little tougher.
What's up w/ all that heroin the US military manages over there?  I bet Erik Prince was disappointed he couldn't commit genocide again.
Just another stupid statement. What will Democrats call success?  Civil war in the USA?   An unlawful takeover of our government?
Were you outraged like this for the past 8 years??
As a marine who did two tours in Afghanistan you have zero idea of what you're talking about. Go home
I hope they use mass quantities of MOAB over there.
Where were you during the Obama years?
North Korea, is what walking away prior to success looks like.
Until @POTUS can define what success in Afghanistan looks like, sending more troops to fight there is a disservice to their sacrifice.
I'm Chuck Shumer and I approve this message.
Hilarious !!! We've been in that Country since Bush senior and it all falls on Trump. Can't erase history...
You should be more concerned that you will not be re-elected. You can always Join Law Guardians who pass children into Pedophile Foster Care
That way U are not moving too far away from what U wereDoingFor
Hillary in the NWO Pedophile Rings out of Haiti.Ur Done,Ur Lies have caught
He clearly told you last night. Were you drunk?
Perhaps you armchair Generals could describe your version of success? Is it like ISIS taking over Mosul?
Look back at the Tapes fool. Obama did this over and over. Where was your big mouth then!
Seriously? Where were you the last 8 years. You are part of the problem. #pettypartisanship partisan
This tweet is 8 years too late 
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
He might as well not send them there at all!
You had no issue abt Afghanistan while President Obama was in office for 8 years, correct?
He heard about the mineral wealth and probably thinks he can line hid pockets at the expense of our military.
and you have magically forgot what obama did for the last EIGHT YEARS.....u liberals in government are so delusional and pathetic
Afghanistan is safer for Black Americans than most US cities and youre mouthing off.

#pathetic
Yes, what are they fight for? Not good enough just to be against something.
Do you even read your tweets before sending them?
Donnie has no idea what he is doing.
AGREE!
Putting him in charge of the military is a disservice to their sacrifice.
Success is 100% pull out of all our people.
Suddenly you're concerned about the war in Afghanistan?  Did you have laryngitis for the past eight years of the Obama presidency?
Quit spending money on hearings..  Get to work and pass legislation...stop obstructing...start fixing..even if u have to help POTUS!
Get us out of the Middle East 
@SenGillibrand, @POTUS is  stronger leader than you or Obama could think of being, for 8 yrs it wasn't a problem, right??
What is your definition of success there or are you just a naysayer with no real ideas?
You're fucking kidding us, right??  Were you asleep the last 8 years????
Where were you during Obama? Oh yeah...under the desk.
Says the hypocrite that didn't care when Obama was president.
Why didnt you ask that of Obama?
Where have you been,,why would MY MARINE have any trust in you
Bush & Obama continued troop deployment for well over 14 years, no complaints, no riots, no care from your side. SHUT UP!
Where was this comment circa 09-17 as Obozo led us from 2 wars to 7??
I'm interpreting you "Now that Pres Obama is gone I'm not for sending troops because @Potus may actually let them win"
where was this during the last 8 years, Youre such a fraud
Hypocrite! Did you demand sake of Obama? Even raise an eyebrow when he was funding terrorists thru Iran?
Where were you the last 8 years?  Seriously?  Not a peep out of you until now?
Can't Understand Normal Thinking
Success, for @POTUS, is racing against the Chines to deplete Afghanistan's  minerals.
Funny, when @BarackObama announced a similar plan, you had no reservations.
Thank you. No more for war, please. I want our troops home! 
You are just afraid that the American people will find out that we have been protecting their poppy fields. Am I right?! #ResignSenator

Success be getting rid of ISIS! It's worked in Iraq, now to do the same again.
Plus asking generals if they need a war is like asking a chef if he needs a restaurant
The great Specificless fake pres @realDonaldTrump!

So why did you not say this when Obama was in office?
And have you been ASLEEP for 8 years???? WTF???
From an active duty service member, Please shut up & stop acting like you support us when you try to belittle Mattis. Most of us hate you.
u sent them with rifles but wouldn't let them take the gloves off to reach the trigger now they can reach the trigger with out the gloves
@Potus isn't in charge - we have a military junta with a puppet "supervising"
Nice nap Kirsten? U r a joke!
Why don't you take that up with General Mattis?
The biggest disservice to America's military was committed by Obama and his quislings.
I guess you thought Barry Hussein's hand cuffing them on the battlefield was a service to them?  idiot.
Look at Germany, and Japan.
oddly, I agree.  And, I'm a patriotic conservative American.  Your position makes me want to rethink mine.
This idiot just woke up & discovered Afghanistan, Wow 
At least we don't have a weak commander like Obama who handcuffed our troops

President Obama: "By the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over."
I wish you would have said the same things to Pres Obama
It's all about greediology manifest destiny and
Too bad you didn't bring this up during Obama's time as CIC. Now I'm forced to believe the last admin's  incompetence forced this decision.
Strange you never brought this up when Obama was president
To End Wars take the Profit out of them~William J Ryan
Another POTUS lies. On campaign, said stupid to be in Afghanistan and get out now! Now this! Also bad mouthed Obama for golf.Look at POTUS!
No one can get the truth out of Donald. That's how he has lived, done business and as POTUS. No truth, lies!
if trump cannot brag about election results in afghanistan, then he cannot describe success in that country.
i think he should lead the way.   perhaps go over and visit and see what the what is going on, after all he did say he liked facts.
This simply shows you are unqualified for your position.  Please keep giving us more of this...
Kirsten, if he tells YOU what parameters he is willing to fight, he tells the enemy as well. Wake. Up.
He thinks it's a place with a lot of long-haired dogs. Success is bringing a bunch of dogs back.
Trump isn't qualified to define anything.
He only wanted to win.
That's about it, folks.
Classic Narcissist.
Youre not quslified to make such a decision. And You have done NOTHING yo help the Chapter 61 disabled veterans.
#NotMySenator
GILLIBRAND IS A DISSERVICE TO NEW YORK SHE IS ON PATRIOTIC AND DOESN'T UNDERSTAND HOW TO WIN THE WAR ON TERROR VOTE GILLIBRAND OUT
If he tells you...you will tell the enemy
And Obama's policy is really working so well? Did you question that? Or Iraq? Uh no. #dumb blonde
You finally wake up?
You've failed NYers you've failed our country...your party is finished!!  Your acting like you have a mandate. Bye bye
What did it look like to the last two presidents?
Would you run for President already.  Please
He didn't tell us his plan to defeat Isis in his first week either but that worked out  Watch him bankrupt our military 
I thought Obama said we won in Afghanistan cc @benshapiro
Trump betting against historical proof that a military victory and domination of a Muslim country is a winning and attainable fact.  Wrong.
Amazing...Did you make this statement when so many were killed under 0bama...? I don't remember you opening your mouth...!
#AltLeftDems
We're napping or in a coma for the last 8 years??
oh now we are defining success...
Protect them Senator
Didn't Valerie Jarrett tell us Obama ended this war? 
Geee Kristen.  Was it a "disservice to their sacrifice" to seed all the territory back to the terrorist as Obama did?
I can't find your similar tweet when Obama did the same thing? U didn't call for hearings then! So go back to your corner #draintheswamp
he should define it the way @DCDemocrats @BarackObama defined it, HYPOCRITE.
And another fine example of why I and so many others will not vote for you ever again. #unenployedfuture
But to be inclusive, let me say, you can come along, but you need to sit in the back of the bus!
Yes, better to have the meat grinder plan of the last 8 years! Soldiers with flowers and good wishes have worked so well?!?
He couldn't find Afghanistan on a map!
Where have you been, Senator, while our troops have struggled to keep the Taliban away from the citizens of Afghanistan?
This is not a partisan issue, Senator. This is a mess created by Bush and extended by Obama that has been left to Trump to figure out
How about making sure that the women and girls aren't left to the mercy of the Taliban when the govt installed by Bush collapses?
This is maybe more shameless than the crap from @SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC
How come they don't send Donald Trump kids, to enlist in the army.
Thats your standard for going to war????
Troops in Afghanistan is a thing again? U shoulda told me, I would prepared some bullshit tweets to support!

Political pts on troops backs
We will never succeed in their fight. We should get out or minimize!
Amen
Instead of complaining and being whiny, make a relevant contribution.U see a problem,offer a solution.Think big, not small.
OBarry was advised to leave 10k troops in Iraq, he offered to leave 3k
Endeded up leaving all together.
Was that a disservice to all ?
Now your worried Kirsten...where have you been for the last 8 years?

Last time I heard from you , you used the F word twice !
A washed out NY senator who should be fired by the voters.
@smilon713 @POTUS #NoMoreFuckingWar #TrumpsWar #TrumpsVietNam
Where you been for the past 8 years??
No foreign power has come out of Afghanistan intact.
Dear Dimwit

Help me understand what Barry O ever defined as a success?  ISIS?
Interesting how you didn't approach this during the previous administration. Try not to be so transparent next time.
So you were for the Afghan War before you were against it? Got it. Smells like Kerry.
If Obama had kept his promise of bring them home in 15 months we wouldn't be facing this. That was one of his promises in his FIRST term!
Really @SenGillibrand ? And we should rest assured that u would have asked for hearings if Hillary had made similar plans right? Ya right!!!
But it's the good war. Obama told us that.
Go whip up another mob to riot in the streets like your party did last weekend Senator. Leave governing to the grownups.
Glad you woke up from your 8 year nap. Welcome!
And exactly what was General Obama's strategy? Lead from behind? Our allies didn't trust us, our enemies didn't fear us.
#TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump  #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump
Here are the low information voters shouting but Obama. Economic crisis, recession, war on two fronts. Trump is worthless & ignorant period
According to Tillerson success is a US draw with the Taliban. Whatever he considers a draw
Senator Gillibrand, you hold the purse. Don't appropriate a cent for this wacamole strategy.
@MSNBC Does the flim flam artists tell you what is in the magic elixir? Don't expect an explanation anytime soon
Exactly. Not asking for a battle plan just measurable outcomes. And some transparency in who benefits. Follow the money.
So where were you in all eight years of Obama's term there were soldiers in Afghanistan?
I'm so glad u feel as though u know more than r strategically trained & educated generals who advise r POTUS.Where was yur input last 8 yrs?
You are a freaking fool
Hopefully this president will let them shoot the enemy.
Instituting ridiculous and deadly rules of engagement,coddling Pakistan,and telling the world our strategy in the way that idiot Obama did.
Doing nothing and/or giving up is an insult and disservice to my brother's who died there.At least Trump isn't micromanaging his generals...
Disservice to the troops, but a total cash infusion for the War machine.
Sickened by this decision, and Betsy's brother Eric Prince's role in all of this with his private army. Keep up the good fight.
You mean let them and the rest of the world know the troops movements, time of attack and withdrawal? SOUND FAMILIAR?
Unless he sends mercenaries
What a ridiculous hypocrite you are! Truly incredible. 
Yet you supported #Obama's 2009 surge. He outlined no path to success. Kinda makes you a hypocrite, doesn't it?
So you are not happy that @POTUS will not 'aid & abet" the enemy as did Obama by giving out military plans ?
most of the troops killed there have been on Obama's apathetic watch
He will say he will not let the enemy know his plans. He always said he would not do that.?
So, "degrade and ultimately destroy" coming from O was crystal clear?
