Gillibrand Name Meaning? Source: American Family Names ©2013, Oxford University Press-43,761 Documents-626 Military Records
Thank you, Senator. If you are a physically capable human & pass all the tests, then you should be allowed to serve your country.
Being x-gender is a choice, and if one chooses to be x-gender, then one also chooses not to serve in the military. It's all about choice.
Both genders should be allowed to serve in the military, regardless of which they are.
Yes, both genders as he or she were born, I agree.
Transgender people are born as the gender opposite to their sex. Transition is about changing sex, not gender. Gender doesn't change.
Do you have any peer-reviewed medical journal study to validate your assertion?
I am transgender. I am speaking as someone who is currently living this experience.
... and I'll concede.
Thank you Senator
That figures. Expect you libtards to be all for transgender serving in our Military. Sanctuary cities that protect criminals + endanger USA
I believe Mattis works for the POTUS not some Feminist Liberal from New York.
Transgenderism is a mental disorder and soldiers who suffer from it destroy troop morale, erode the mission, and endanger fellow soldiers.
You may know about guns, but how come women serve side by side with men in Israel with ease ?
Does the military take a person who needs heart surgery, or cornea transplant, who may otherwise be healthy? No. trans is same = cost 2 much
More money is spent in the military on Viagra than hormone therapy & trans-related surgeries.
Are you sure abt that? 6000+ transgender currently serving. Avg lifetime cost of hormones & surgery - $250,000 per person Do the math
As soon as O lifted t ban 250 applied for reassignment surgery.Thats  250 soldiers unable to be deployed for avg 250 days is that fair. $$$?
That seems like a reasonable point. I don't know what should be the policy there, but still, I maintain, we should not outright ban them.
trans hv a lot to deal with and the military is not the place their job is break stuff an kill ppl. We cant place issues like this on them
If a trans person is incompetent then by all means, fire them. However, we should not ban them on the basis of such assumptions as this.
The military isn't for confused people. You're a male or female.
I'm praying Mattis listens to reasoning, & not a tax evading, draft dodger45 the coward
As soon as O lifted t ban 250 applied for reassignment surgery.Thats  250 soldiers unable to be deployed for avg 250 days is that fair. $$$?
Thank you, Senator. You are doing a fantastic job for NY. No fuss, no grandstanding, just hard work and great instincts. Brava.
I don't care about male or femaleness regarding service.  If you can do the job & pass the same tests then why exclude?
Surgery=$130k, downtime=268 days, hormone maint=$1200/mo all US taxpayers expense. Easy when it ain't YOUR$$ #MAGA
But it is my money as I am a US taxpayer.  That downtime looks excessive (I don't know). An estimate is 0.1% of GENERAL pop is trans. IDK.
Why. Don't you get health care taken care of so it's less of a burden
So, you are A-OK with mentally ill people having access to firearms?
Good Luck with that .... https://www.facebook.com/GeneralMattisUSMC/videos/1641293566179822/ …
Oh Kristen Ask Him Yourself?
Thank you!!
Keep up great work. With you all the way.
Surgery=$130k, downtime=268 days, hormone maint=$1200/mo all US taxpayers expense. Easy when it ain't YOUR$$ #MAGA

@emilyslist @washingtonpost  Gen. Mattis: DON'T LET MARINES & WARRIORS DOWN. Take "Semper Fidelis" seriously! NO TRANS BAN!
Yes. Do not carry this segregation of Patriots.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy Pence Ryan McConnell Kushner Sessions Devoss and
Are you even familiar with the US Constitution? Do you know the concept of separation of powers? Please get a clue; stay in Congress' box!
so I fully support this idea, Senator, but I want to understand how DOD can refuse to carry out an order from the CIC (NB: KG for POTUS)


Despicable as Trump's order might be, consider what you're saying; do you really want a military insubordinate of the office of POTUS?
Thank you @SenGillibrand. This is the right course of action, without a doubt.
Military personnel need 2 b focused while no evidence transgender cant perform their duties,transitioning during service should never happen
Transitioning during service should be banned not transgender people, undergoing transition is a physical/emotional toll not something to do
@edatpost You align your self with Linda Sarsour who wants Sharia Law! Islam loves gays & transgender people! Pathetic! Joke
You do not get how this whole President and Military thing works?
Do you? Tweets are not orders.
Please do all you can. This administration is unredeemable!
