Look in the mirror
Agree-just missed @SenGillibrand's denunciation of #Antifa & #BlackLivesMatter thugs doing the same shit. Kristen, plz retweet why I'm wrong
Also, you should condemn the BDS movement, which was founded on racism and funded by Palestinian terrorists.
And let the apartheid state of the hook? She called Israel a vibrant democracy, lmao. Ever heard of the Gleneagles Agreement?
Israel is NOT an apartheid state. Palestinians living there have equal rights with Jews. There is even one on their Supreme Ct.
The world is right to boycott the apartheid Israeli regime, just like the Commonwealth nation's boycotted SA, even though only culturally.
Read these, if you have the ability to comprehend:  
http://m.huffingtonpost.ca/jake-beaumont/israel-not-apartheid-state_b_9128056.html …
Vs apartheid if bogus. The Palestinians have no freedom of movement, they are disenfranchised and they suffer collective punishment
Palestinians punish themselves by using the aid they get to build tunnels to sneak into Israel, and buying rockets to fire on civilians.
WHAT do you know. Movie Dickless, NOTHING.
Please push for Charlottesville prosecution as domestic terrorism


You forgot Sessions 
I want to protect Mueller but otherwise- ABSOLUTELY
Oh snap.  How profound.  Another impotent comment from an impotent politician.  You might try earning your pay by DOING something.  Anything
Coming from the woman who called an innocent man a rapist.  Just go away already. #TrashSenator.
Then abolish protests.
Unless it means calling innocent men rapists, right?  #TrashSenator

@shannoncoulter We must insist our AG Sessions condemn and prosecute or resign
you are brave heart 
But you @SenGillibrand are perfectly OK w/#USGovt funding/arming terrorists, committing bigoted war crimes, around globe w/ taxpayer dollars
and perfectly SILENT — like an enabling elite bigot supporter of #USGovt wars of aggression invasion occupation and massacres of nonwhites
You do not represent my state.  But I expect you to fight Trump hate, nonetheless. Even if it costs you your office.
Y'all need to do more than "not be silent."
What are you talking about it's you Democrats who divide this Country along Racial lines, it's so apparent everyone knows that your the ones
America has always been divided by racial lines. It was created & maintained by whites. To suggest its the product of Dems shows ignorance.
Remember not to remain silent the next time Antifa and BLM become violent.
So you are opposing the Israel Anti-Boycott Act. I'm sure you will inform the Jewish voters of this act of betrayal.
Don't remove monuments of American history.
Why won't the President say "radical white supremacists" and condemn them specifically?
wow ,what a historical quote for the ages ... condescending much
good. When are you condemning Antifa  and BLM???
Please be specific and call out #WhiteSupremacists for what they are. This is no time to be vague.
Did Trump just denounce antifa? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/896420822780444672 …
I urge you to demand the removal of Bannon, Miller, and Gorka from the WH. Their poisonous ideology has no place in our gov.
This is the begging of the end? We can't get Congress to act Amy better than those marching today! White black greens or purples stop it now
Why werent special forces brought in?
We haven't been this is Teumps fault with his "make America white again" BS! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Anyone expecting DT to condemn this in real terms, is fooling themselves. U need to demand that he get Bannon and Gorka out of the WH.
Get on TV and make that statement.

Alt-right marcher shouting  "Heil Trump." 
When white politicians don't want to use the words racism or white supremacy they say "hate" or "bigotry." 

We see you. #Charlotesville
Kirsten, when will you disavow violent leftist Antifa?

David Duke "Fulfills the promise of Donald Trump" https://twitter.com/jowrotethis/status/896392449760698368 …

Gavin says Proud Boys "disavowed" Unite the Right rally in #Charlottesville.

Here's the rally's organizer, being sworn in as a…
RT -
The hate flows both ways
we must not remain silent & accept hate or bigotry anywhere in this country....look closely in the mirror DC politicans, look closely!

White nationalists said months ago they believed Trump was "nudging them to commit violence." 

He stayed silent.

…
But he didn't! You need, as well as every elected official,to call him out! It is terrorism. Just because the faces are white,he is silent.
They are fighting for part of our history, nothing wrong with that, get rid of that statue then get rid of all statues from our history
Despite my 'like', I'd prefer a statement condemning the violent racists who brought Nazi and Confederate symbols to Charlottesville.
Not just "hate." White supremacists. Nazis. KKK. Please name who we're up against. #Charlottesville
BS.
He is ready to start WW3, doesnt realize the stupid words out of his mouth r going to another stupid man in N. Korea. War of idiots.
Agreed now what steps are you taking to combat hate and bigotry
Trump didnt respond till after his wife. What a leader, what a chief. A fake chief, who cares about base, not american lifes.
Well then do something about it.
We must remove the biggest bigot, Trump

BLM? Anifa should be included in that statement
GOP has been silent all along. They are the Trump KKK now. Say it! He encourages it! But GOP condones it all!
You took an awfully long time to comment, and used awfully unspecific language. Try again?
