Well Kirsten, the poor don't pay fed income taxes, so how can you cut their taxes?
It's not about the "poor". It's about those who are low income earners who make enough to pay taxes but not enough for financial security.
So your way of thinking is that only rich people should pay taxes. Who determines rich? Where do you draw the line?
Nope. I think it is fair for everyone above poverty + ? to contribute. I am in 5%. Don't understand why less affluent pay more for my luxury
I know the story about trickle down, supply side & Laffer Curve. Problem is they don't work. I'm not going to start new company or hire up.
Neither are most of affluent. The rich aren't going to invest in US or pay their workers more. If you doubt this, look at Trumps & Waltons.
Why would the rich invest in US just to get taxed so highly? Large corps don't pay workers more, companies are in business to make money.
Exactly. So if one values money over human life & dignity, your argument makes sense. I don't.
Stop taking PAC, corporate, and Wall Street money and maybe I'll support you, Sen. Gillibrand.
If we supported more like her perhaps no politician would need large amounts of cash to be competitive.
Fake news is for everyone
All too true! It really angers me that Rep. Tenney voted for this scam!
Vote NO for tax reform which helps only the extreme rich they don't need tax breaks!
Vote against it!
$ 2.4 Trillion add national debt SLAVERY for the already hemoraging middle class. Drowning last words: " It's only money "
A lot of low income workers get half their yearly salary for a tax return so if they want higher wages take away the tax return
Now I hope that trump supporters will see clearly that he is out to help his friends and we the middle class are not his friends
Kirsten, please publish your ideas for tax plan for the middle class. Would love to get your thoughts,
I
You're serious? This TAX bill is what people have been begging for for years!
The "rich" hate it, because NO MORE LOOP HOLES! AKA deductions
Cutting taxes will bring more revenue and prosperity for all history's taught us that.
We need tax reform, smaller government, cut spending, Obama doubled the debt, tax cuts promote growth, history tells us that..... Inconvenient truths for Dems
Democrats only know how to tax regulate make everything more expensive and watch jobs leave. You are clueless how to help the middle class.
Oh, Yes thats it, EVERY Recession/DownTurn last 40yrs are GOP Admin!, CA in the BLACK(Dem) as opposed to Kansas BROKE(GOPBrownback)! #Doof
You do not know your history...  Pres Kennedy did the SAME to boost economy.. so did Clinton to some degree.  In both cases, it worked!
Please stop trying to hurt USA. They already pay 70% of all taxes collected. I never got a job from a poor person. We need this help
Hungry people dont stay hungry for long
Revolutions historically don't go well for the wealthy & their families
The ppl that pay 70% own 80%
A situation where the top 10% own 90% and pay 60% isnt conducive to a civil society. Especially coupled with elections 4sale & mechanization
Please go troll somewhere else. Thank you
Nothing ironic about you saying "go troll somewhere else" huh? Your bumper sticker wisdom answered with facts, that's trolling? Hahahaha!
Yawn
Cute.
So many fools of fools are found on this tweet. Facts no longer matter to Someone Like You anti- US and anti-Common Sense Gidybrand
Of course it will. trump and GOP lie like a rug. They all are a disgrace.
have ur accountant do ur 2016 taxes & see how the changes would effect them. till u figure that out u have no legit reason to bash tax bill
But the ones that pay no tax will get a refund. The so called rich will get less reductions& probably al swamp creatures will benefit
#ImagineIfYouOpposed
#GovernmentDiscrimination
#IfYouBelieved in
#EqualJustice
#WouldYouTax
#AtTheSameRate or
#TheSameAmount ?
This bill is early stages of development. Why don't you wait before criticizing
If this is the case senator, why would you object, seems you would also benefit.... sounds like your all smoke and mirrors
Don’t let him do this!
Trump has exposed the true nature of Schumer and Gillibrand....this trash is willing to try and ingratiate themselves to voters while lying
Women Denounce! Taxation w/OUT Representation!
ALERT → Tmrw Senate vote could mean an end for #netneutrality rules, the principle that the internet should be free & open. VOTE NOTHX
You get what you voted for,, once again he have slammed the door in his supporters face with another lie, open your eyes people's
Shocked. Just shocked.
Update the grade school textbooks. U.S. Supreme Court created USA Oligarchy. If you think it's GOP v. LEFT, it's rich v. rest & rich won.
@GOP / #PeeStainPotus new Tax Bill Includes a SmallPharma re-embursement 4those "MiddleClassPeople" who are going to be so happy #LubeUp !
It's ever clearer that GOP cares less for citizens, esp poor, than corps. Not new, but now they flagrantly demolish any veneer of care.

did any of you putting down this 1st draft of the tax bill do their taxes based on last year to see what results are, you'd be surprised 
Please fight to end this nonsense.
public  do not   believe the  blond senator  she do not know shit  from  shoe ploish  shionla she is jealous  it too  blind  gov to appoint
Most people don't even pay taxes Kirsten what's left after 8 years of obama destroying the middleclass pays most of the taxes
did those poor ignorant slobs think #trump #TAXPLAN would work for them? #deplorablesfortrump
Can Democrats please stop being the negative talking point party? Please?
Go get em, Kristen!
We must mobilize like we did during the attempted ACA repeals to get word out and stop this disaster of a bill in his tracks.
Surprised? NOPE

Paul Ryan on tv, could not say middle class taxes will not increase, said it depends. Could not spell out any convincing changes that will benefit middle class, only what will benefit wealthy (estate tax, alternative tax) and large business. He said some Dems will be voting yes.
Of course! @realDonaldTrump & GOP r not capable of putting anything else on the table. We already know trickle down economic DOES NOT work!
No discussion of tax bill without seeing #POTUS taxes.
Grammar school kids write more sophisticated then you. This is how you write to your constituents? WOW
You're a democRAT so that means your lying out your a@@ you need to resign #TermLimits NOW
Munuchin not giving straight answers to morning political shows; a lot of fact skirting. Why believe this plan is good without verifiable facts?
you're rich and powerful...
Steve mnuchin on meet the press ,lying through his teeth & that's hard to do !!!
or we can tax them till they all leave, smart
Yeah....we know that already unfortunately no one is doing anything about it. The Democrats need to get it together and stop the craziness!
A true Democrat still mourning election loss.
Now let’s help the rich. They’re so needy.
Did you think anything else?
Dems in NE states are just scared of a full on tax revolt as people wake up to exactly how much graft their incumbent pols manipulate
You’ve lost your mind!
Ummmm. What's your net worth again?
Glib brand definition of rich & powerful are small businesses, middle class, and job creators?

The combative efforts of @SpeakerRyan dodging and weaving on Face the Nation this morning were very telling. Smoke and mirrors.
Blah blah blah obstructionist  blah blah blah
The GOP only cares about their wallets and their donors. Not the people who elected them.
You misspelled Democrats.
Nope
This bill cannot pass....bad poor and working class....we will end up paying more to fund golf outings and private jets
This is a result of inaction. You have been there for years and INITIATED NOTHING.  And then complain with no alternative when someone does.
Who is surprised by this?
We must remain diligent. Fight for our rights as middle class hard working Americans. We can reform tax without hurting ourselves.
Lol lol lol lol you said that before you heard anything that's in it! Tired of reimbursing New Yorkers for their taxes !!
Is the TRUTH IN CONTEXT something in your DNA that locks it up?
Losong SALT deduction really only affects the NYers making over 200k - higher standard offsets
let’s have it written by bakers/auto mechanics/teachers/: now professionals wrote it&now professionals at defaming are bashing-dems
If this passes, I will do everything in my power to also not pay taxes. If the IRS comes after me, they'll be sorry. Thanks.
Aside from tweeting the obvious is there something that you can do?
And somehow they’ve convinced people it’s greedy to want health insurance for everyone...
not at all. all should have. i should have to pay for others healthcare.
Drain the swamo
You need to get on board and sign it! I am sick of you gonna vote you out!
You clearly didn't support Sen. Gillibrand in her last reelection. And maybe the GOP should propose a bill that's not absurd.
Lol so suddenly outline = full bill? For fucks sake woman how did you get elected?
And you were expecting? I'm starting to think that GOPs #MAGA is a desire to return to Morganism.
People need to VOTE- that is our only hope
Do something Please!
A tax bill that has only been outlined, not yet even written but the absence of facts, apparently doesn't stop you from lying about it.
What evidence do you have that the senator lies? I have seen nothing from the "plan" that indicates it is not #taxcutfortherich
Evidence is, that the plan has yet to be written. How do you judge the merits of something not yet in existence?
Because it clearly admits to one thing: raising the lowest tax bracket and lowering the highest
How so? Perhaps by elimination of the estate tax, the left hopes you're stupid enough to believe wealthy people pay - Estate planning...
39% to 35% and 10% to 12%
That's been proposed, plan hasn't been written yet; also, with slim of write offs, what would the effective rates be vs current?
unless you go after employment taxes, any cut will favor the rich.
Anyone who says otherwise is a liar.
